21900	Big studio with a separated kitchen, at the ground floor of a very calm and pleasant building. Mezzanine bed wih a recent and comfortable matress, 150*210 cm. A private garden perfect to relax.	Enjoy our cosy appartment, very quiet, located at the heart of Paris next to the Jardin des Plantes.  Walk along the Seine to Notre Dame, or enjoy the lively evenings of the latin quarter. Not recommended for persons with reduced mobility (mezzanine) Big studio with a separated kitchen, at the ground floor of a very calm and pleasant building. Mezzanine bed wih a recent and comfortable matress, 150*210 cm. A private garden perfect to relax. The garden is accessed by stairs crossing the kitchen window. This summer, you will be welcomed by our building caretaker. She will ensure that you have a nice stay. This is a very pleasant neighbourhood. Enjoy the market and all the shops located on Monge and Mouffetard streets. Everything is within easy reach. You will find a lot of restaurants and bars, especially on Mouffetard street and place de la Contrescarpe. Right down the street : gare d'Austerlitz Very close : gare de Lyon Subway lines  5 and 10, RER line C : Gare d'Austerlitz Subway line
21901	LEFT BANK IN PARIS Very nice appartment just behind the famous Pantheon 2 rooms : 1 living room with kitchenette well equiped and 1 large true bedroom with a queen size bed, closets 30 sq meters Linen fournished TV and WIFI Very clear at 6th Floor with windows in each room Security code, Interphone, LIFT. Air Conditionning All new and restored with nice decoration. At 5' from famous Jardin du Luxembourg At 3' from buses and metro At 10' from Notre Dame and Ile Saint Louis At 15' from Marais A lot of restaurants, bistrots, pubs, boutiques, cinemas and theaters....... One of the best adresses in Paris	LEFT BANK IN PARIS Very nice appartment just behind the famous Pantheon 2 rooms : 1 living room with kitchenette well equiped and 1 large true bedroom with a queen size bed, closets 30 sq meters Linen fournished TV and WIFI Very clear at 6th Floor with windows in each room Security code, Interphone, LIFT. Air Conditionning All new and restored with nice decoration. At 5' from famous Jardin du Luxembourg At 3' from buses and metro At 10' from Notre Dame and Ile Saint Louis At 15' from Marais A lot of restaurants, bistrots, pubs, boutiques, cinemas and theaters....... One of the best adresses in Paris
21902	Big room full equiped to enjoy the atmosphere of Latin Quarter, Place contrescarpe, rue mouffetard.	"Nice place to enjoy latin quarter. Quartier Latin, ""rive gauche"" Big room full equiped to enjoy the atmosphere of Latin Quarter, Place contrescarpe, rue mouffetard. Property entire Interaction with Guests By message and by mobile phone Line 10 - cardinal lemoine Line 7 - place monge RER B - Luxembourg Non fumeur, animals refused, smoke forbidden."
21903	the house is full of charm, the flat is 90 M2 with several rooms witch are cosy, not too big, not too small. The house is very apreciated because it is so quiet and sweet. You will love our neighborhood.	Our duplex is very light, quiet, it has a marvelous view on a green garden, a large living room and kitchen, 4 bedrooms (3 for kids), 2 bathrooms, it is very artistic, fancy, and situated in one of the best and chic area in Paris, near Mouffetard. the house is full of charm, the flat is 90 M2 with several rooms witch are cosy, not too big, not too small. The house is very apreciated because it is so quiet and sweet. You will love our neighborhood.
21904	Next to the Pantheon, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Sorbonne, rue Mouffetard, the Luxermbourg Garden. Shops and transport close by, direct access from both airports Orly and Roissy. The flat is located in a street going down from the Pantheon. opposite the Library Sainte Genevieve, you enter an old and peaceful building, walk up narrow stairs up to the 5th floor and enter a charming studio full of bright light all day long! 172 ft2,  large windows with a sky view, newly refurbished with taste and care. Its low ceiling volume adds intimacy to this romantic space made for 2 people max. Internet/wifi, telephone, television, speakers, and all that is needed for a comfortable time. MINIMUM AGE : 21 YEARS OLD Description: -NO ELEVATOR : narrow staircase - CEILING LOW - one practical and comfortable sofa bed, - a desk, a chair, a foldable stool, - one cupboard with 4 draws, a hanging rod with hangers, - fully equiped kitchen,  - pretty bathroom with shower, - toilets, - HD TV, - Hifi speakers - p	Next to the Pantheon, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Sorbonne, rue Mouffetard, the Luxermbourg Garden. Shops and transport close by, direct access from both airports Orly and Roissy. The flat is located in a street going down from the Pantheon. opposite the Library Sainte Genevieve, you enter an old and peaceful building, walk up narrow stairs up to the 5th floor and enter a charming studio full of bright light all day long! 172 ft2,  large windows with a sky view, newly refurbished with taste and care. Its low ceiling volume adds intimacy to this romantic space made for 2 people max. Internet/wifi, telephone, television, speakers, and all that is needed for a comfortable time. MINIMUM AGE : 21 YEARS OLD Description: -NO ELEVATOR : narrow staircase - CEILING LOW - one practical and comfortable sofa bed, - a desk, a chair, a foldable stool, - one cupboard with 4 draws, a hanging rod with hangers, - fully equiped kitchen,  - pretty bathroom with shower, - toilets, - HD TV, - Hifi speakers - p
21905	It is a 2 rooms- appartement with a complete bathroom. The bedroom features a 2-persons bed and there is a complementary matress (3rd person) that can be set in the living room. 	Hi! Our place is located in the center of Paris, Rue Monge. It is really close to the Pantheon, the Luxembourg garden, the Rue Mouffetard (and the bars!). It is 100m away from the metro. Ideal for couples.
21906	Beautiful Room just 10 minutes by walk from NOtre Damme and few steps from Jardin des Plante, 1 st floor, 1 minute walk to the metro Gare d Austerlitze, perfect location to spend few days in Paris, well equiped studio, with Toilet, shower, a nice double bed and sofa, Kitchen, Micro wave, TV, internet, every thing you need to have a great time in Paris.... Very safe Neighborhood, nice restaurants, just few steps from the place.	A Beautiful Studio in the Latin Quartier (5eme ) with kitchen and bathroom, Located in Central Paris, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme, Few minutes walk from Mufftard, Jardin des plantes, 15 Minutes Walk , Very close super market Monoprix, close to the restaurents Starbug coffee, Mac donalds, bus stop and close to the underground train, the Sorbonne, the Panthéon, gare d'Austerlitz A typical French studio on the Fourth Floor with heat, microwave, refrigerator, wardrobe, window, sheets and towel included, high-speed wireless internet connection. Very calm, perfect for two people, clean and responsible. Very convenient transportation: Less then 1 minute from Métro Saint Marcel ( Underground Train 5 ). Buses ( 91, 57 ). Less then 10 min from Cinema UGC and Gaument and less then 13 Min from Shopping center PLACE D'ITALIE 2  I would love to give you some guide you about the places,restaurents, place to see in Paris. Visits are possible. No agency fees, i m the owner Beautiful Room just 10 min
21907		Cosy and bright studio in the center of Paris. Separated kitchen. Bathtub. Shopping and restaurants in the street.
21908	The 5th floor (with elevator), this apartment of great character (beams, blend with modern furniture and XVIII, paintings, books) enjoys a south / west balcony for a drink at sunset. To maximize space, the main sleeping bed is installed in a closet ultra modern (very comfortable mattress 150X200) that transforms the dining room. The other bed in the living room is a large sofa bed (very comfortable mattress 160X200). Kitchen and bathroom new. Wifi, tv, dvd. The apartment is very quiet (5th floor, double glazed) The apartment is located in the Latin Quarter, the main sites and monuments of Paris are within walking distance: the Pantheon, the Luxembourg Palace, the Saint Germain des Pres, the Jardin des Plantes (Natural History Museum), the street Mouffetard and the place de la Contrescarpe, the Ile Saint-Louis ... The subway station is 2 minutes walk, it provides direct, in 10 minutes, the Louvre and Palais Royal. Right next to the apartment, the famous rue Mouffetard align its merchant	The 5th floor (with elevator), this apartment of great character (beams, blend with modern furniture and XVIII, paintings, books) enjoys a south / west balcony for a drink at sunset. To maximize space, the main sleeping bed is installed in a closet ultra modern (very comfortable mattress 150X200) that transforms the dining room. The other bed in the living room is a large sofa bed (very comfortable mattress 160X200). Kitchen and bathroom new. Wifi, tv, dvd. The apartment is very quiet (5th floor, double glazed) The apartment is located in the Latin Quarter, the main sites and monuments of Paris are within walking distance: the Pantheon, the Luxembourg Palace, the Saint Germain des Pres, the Jardin des Plantes (Natural History Museum), the street Mouffetard and the place de la Contrescarpe, the Ile Saint-Louis ... The subway station is 2 minutes walk, it provides direct, in 10 minutes, the Louvre and Palais Royal. Right next to the apartment, the famous rue Mouffetard align its merchant
21909	A cosy and comfortable flat where you will feel at home immediately. Enjoy the charm of this ancient building, with the commodities of a recently furnished flat. Take you breakfast on my terrace, by the sun, staring at Paris roofs. Clear view and not overlooked, the terrace will offer you some nice sunbathing moments, for your café-croissant :)	"Wonderful 2-room flat in the heart of Paris: 5 minutes walking from Notre Dame & the Seine, 2 min from the peaceful Jardin des plantes. Spend some time in a lively & central central district, and enjoy the terrace and all facilities in my nest! A cosy and comfortable flat where you will feel at home immediately. Enjoy the charm of this ancient building, with the commodities of a recently furnished flat. Take you breakfast on my terrace, by the sun, staring at Paris roofs. Clear view and not overlooked, the terrace will offer you some nice sunbathing moments, for your café-croissant :) If you want to spend some time living like a Parisian, stop by my flat and take your time, wander in the lively and poetic Quartier Latin, a wonderful mix of culture, gastromony and shopping area. A wonderful and super lively neighborhood, packed with bars, cafés, restaurants and lovely shops (antiques, bookstores, wine hsops, etc.). Spend some time and blend in the ""quartier latin"". The population is a m"
21910	Vous pouvez choisir entre deux chambres, chacune ayant ses avantages. De l'une vous voyez le Panthéon. L'autre est plus calme. L'une est très grande (16 m2). L'autre a un grand lit. L'une a de nombreux rangements. L'autre a un bureau. Dans l'une vous pourrez passer votre propre musique... Le quartier est très sûr, pas de problème pour rentrer même tard dans la nuit. 	Large room for one or two persons, in a beautiful apartment, full of light and peaceful. Ideal location in the 5th district of Paris, Latin quarter. Close to everything in Paris. Kitchen, shower under the sun, washing/drying machines, ...
21911	The appartment overlooks an internal courtyard that makes us not bothered by the noise coming from the street.	A nice and cozy loft in the center of Paris (5th district). Walking distance from Saint-Michel and Saint-Germain, Pantheon, Mouffetard and Chatelet. Surrounded by really cool restaurants and bars. The appartment overlooks an internal courtyard that makes us not bothered by the noise coming from the street. Guests will have access to their own private and separate room and all the common parts of the appartment (main room, kitchen/bar, bathroom). Always available in the evening and weekends to show around, give advice or hang out. Being at work during the week, I won't be available during the day. Get out of your place and find yourself surrounded by resaurants and bars: - The nice place de la contre escarpe with cafés.  - The famous rue mouffetard. - The stairs of la place du panthéon and/or sainte geneviève church. - Luxembourg park - Proximity with all nice neighborhood of Paris (Bastille, Chatelet, Saint-Michel, Saint-Germain) Metro ligne 7: Place Monge Metro ligne 10: Cardinal Lemo
21912	charming room in a lovely flat	Come and discover this beautiful single room with; -1 double bed + 1 private shower  The room has no door but just a curtain ;) charming room in a lovely flat living room, kitchen, bathroom... You will find a lot of nice monuments and exhibitions to visits nearby. The monuments or parks to see nearby are Notre Dame, Le Pantheon, la Sorbonne, Le Jardin Des Plantes (beautiful garden), le Jardin du Luxembourg (garden), l’Institut du Monde Arabe ...at less than 10 minutes by walk...! by metro (jussieu on the line 7 or 10), bicycle, train (gare de lyon or gare d'austerlits, and then 15 minutes by walk, or metro)...
21913	The space is very quiet, sunny, pleasant, artistic.  I just must precise you that I have two little rabbits, that only live in my room. You will be able to enjoy also the beautiful salon, just to take a drink.	What about renting a  large and sunny room in my beautiful artistic flat, located in a typical restored old building in the famous Latin district, the 5th one. In the quartier Mouffetard area, not far from typical markets, and metro s Place Monge L7. The space is very quiet, sunny, pleasant, artistic.  I just must precise you that I have two little rabbits, that only live in my room. You will be able to enjoy also the beautiful salon, just to take a drink. There is a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom, separated toilets, and a large accommodating corridor. I am able to be very present for you if you need help :  I could prepare your breakfast, give you some  practical, historical, and language informations.   As a french pronunciation and intonation coach, I can surely help  you to speak and be better  understood everywhere you will go, restaurants, shops, touristic areas, etc. You can go on my website to check my testimonials, and (website hidden) The quarter is very parisian, very au
21914	Ce logement a la chance d'être au cœur du centre historique de Paris, idéal pour rayonner dans toute la capitale !	Feel like home ! Ce logement a la chance d'être au cœur du centre historique de Paris, idéal pour rayonner dans toute la capitale ! Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'équipement nécessaire pour passer un merveilleux séjour parisien Si nos calendriers coïncident, je me ferais un plaisir de faire découvrir le quartier aux voyageurs Ce que j'aime dans min quartier c'est le sentiment d'être au cœur de l'histoire de Paris, près des sites emblématiques tels que les Quais de Seine, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, le Panthéon et Mouffetard, village dans la ville... Très bien desservi, au pied du métro Cardinal Lemoine (ligne 10) et proche Jussieu (ligne 7). De nombreux bus également
21915	Il offre un bel espace de vie familial en plein coeur du quartier de la rue mouffetard avec une vue sur les toits parisiens, le Panthéon et la tour Eiffel. Les voyageurs pourront flaner dans les deux plus grands jardins parisien que sont le jardin des plantes et celui du Luxembourg, visiter également le quartier de la rue Mouffetard et ses rues paisibles ou vivaient de grands écrivains du siècle dernier et enfin déambuler dans le Panthéon! Nous leur ferons découvrir ce quartier comme nous l'aimons, plein de vie mais aussi chargé d'histoire avec les plus grandes écoles de France. Nous leur laisserons les petites adresses que nous avons su dégoter au fil des cinq dernières années et qui font le charme de notre vie quotidienne. L'authenticité de ses habitants qui sont pour la plupart de vieux habitants du quartier en font son charme. Le dimanche matin, la rue Mouffetard est en ébulition: des petits orchestres de rue au marché de la place Monge en passant par ses cafés! L'appartement est e	Il offre un bel espace de vie familial en plein coeur du quartier de la rue mouffetard avec une vue sur les toits parisiens, le Panthéon et la tour Eiffel. Les voyageurs pourront flaner dans les deux plus grands jardins parisien que sont le jardin des plantes et celui du Luxembourg, visiter également le quartier de la rue Mouffetard et ses rues paisibles ou vivaient de grands écrivains du siècle dernier et enfin déambuler dans le Panthéon! Nous leur ferons découvrir ce quartier comme nous l'aimons, plein de vie mais aussi chargé d'histoire avec les plus grandes écoles de France. Nous leur laisserons les petites adresses que nous avons su dégoter au fil des cinq dernières années et qui font le charme de notre vie quotidienne. L'authenticité de ses habitants qui sont pour la plupart de vieux habitants du quartier en font son charme. Le dimanche matin, la rue Mouffetard est en ébulition: des petits orchestres de rue au marché de la place Monge en passant par ses cafés! L'appartement est e
21916	Idéal pour le séjour de 4 personnes en toute intimité, ce bien est un savoureux mélange entre l’élégance et le contemporain de par sa situation au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble cossu du 5ème arrondissement dans la rue Galande qui est piétonne. D’une surface de 50 m2, le Galande s’ouvre sur un double séjour avec canapé convertible, pour dévoiler dans la salle à manger la mythique table Saarinen de Knoll. La cuisine indépendante est entièrement équipée pour vous permettent de dîners en famille ou entre amis sur place. La salle de bains de marbre avec grande baignoire est accessible depuis la chambre ou le séjour, divisant l’espaces en deux grâce à une porte coulissante dans le salon. A mi-chemin entre le boulevard Saint Michel et le quartier de Saint Germain, vous serez au cœur d’un lieu typiquement parisien avec de nombreux bars et restaurants mais également la présence de monuments emblématiques : la cathédrale Notre Dame, le jardin du Luxembourg, l’Île de la Cité ou encore l	Idéal pour le séjour de 4 personnes en toute intimité, ce bien est un savoureux mélange entre l’élégance et le contemporain de par sa situation au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble cossu du 5ème arrondissement dans la rue Galande qui est piétonne. D’une surface de 50 m2, le Galande s’ouvre sur un double séjour avec canapé convertible, pour dévoiler dans la salle à manger la mythique table Saarinen de Knoll. La cuisine indépendante est entièrement équipée pour vous permettent de dîners en famille ou entre amis sur place. La salle de bains de marbre avec grande baignoire est accessible depuis la chambre ou le séjour, divisant l’espaces en deux grâce à une porte coulissante dans le salon. A mi-chemin entre le boulevard Saint Michel et le quartier de Saint Germain, vous serez au cœur d’un lieu typiquement parisien avec de nombreux bars et restaurants mais également la présence de monuments emblématiques : la cathédrale Notre Dame, le jardin du Luxembourg, l’Île de la Cité ou encore l
21917	It is a 2 bedroom flat, with a living area, small kitchen (no washing machine... sorry!), bathroom and separate WC. Ideal for a family with 1 or 2 children. There is also a sofa bed in the living room for 2 other persons if needed. There is also a piano in the living room if you are a musician.	"Our home is a nice apartment in the center of Paris,close to Notre Dame,the Luxembourg Gardens,Jardin des Plantes and Mouffetard street where you can enjoy the market, musicians and coffee along the cobblestone street on Sunday mornings. It is a 2 bedroom flat, with a living area, small kitchen (no washing machine... sorry!), bathroom and separate WC. Ideal for a family with 1 or 2 children. There is also a sofa bed in the living room for 2 other persons if needed. There is also a piano in the living room if you are a musician. I might or might not be there thru your stay, but if I am, I will be at you service for anything you need. If I am not there, my good friend and neighbor will be a perfect replacement! The 5th arrondissement of Paris is considered a ""village""; cobblestone streets, the Seine, markets almost every day of the week, flower shops, and mainly good restaurants make this part of Paris unique and truly french flavored! 1 minute from the subway (either Place Monge on line"
21918	Located in the heart of the vibrant and cultural Latin Quarter, modern well furnished studio offers 35 sqm of living/sleeping area +  Large Balcony overlooking a courtyard.  My Large studio is equipped with a comfortable queen size bed, Flat screen HD, HiFi sound system + Ipod Dock, Equipped kitchen ( micro wave/oven, fridge, kettle ) HIgh speed internet WIFI - Fursnished balcony with 2 lounge chairs and much more.  LInens and towels are provided.  Inspired by the scandinavian design with furnitures designed by famous international designers  and brands (Jasper Morisson, George Nelson, OraiTo, Flos, Artemide, Design House of Stockholm...  ) my studio is ideal for 1 person or couple / 2 -3 adults/Kid  Secured and well maintained building. Doorman. Double Digicodes.  Walking distance to Notre Dame, Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes, Museum of Natural History, and the New Cité de la Mode et du design and it's famous hip restaurants and bars.  During your stay in my studio, you can enjoy the ru	Located in the heart of the vibrant and cultural Latin Quarter, modern well furnished studio offers 35 sqm of living/sleeping area +  Large Balcony overlooking a courtyard.  My Large studio is equipped with a comfortable queen size bed, Flat screen HD, HiFi sound system + Ipod Dock, Equipped kitchen ( micro wave/oven, fridge, kettle ) HIgh speed internet WIFI - Fursnished balcony with 2 lounge chairs and much more.  LInens and towels are provided.  Inspired by the scandinavian design with furnitures designed by famous international designers  and brands (Jasper Morisson, George Nelson, OraiTo, Flos, Artemide, Design House of Stockholm...  ) my studio is ideal for 1 person or couple / 2 -3 adults/Kid  Secured and well maintained building. Doorman. Double Digicodes.  Walking distance to Notre Dame, Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes, Museum of Natural History, and the New Cité de la Mode et du design and it's famous hip restaurants and bars.  During your stay in my studio, you can enjoy the ru
21919	Between the Panthéon and the rue Mouffetard in the 5th District Bright, south-west facing, top floor, (with elevator) fully-equipped apartment with a view of the Pantheon and the roof-tops of Paris!  The apartment, which is our home and so has many more amenities than a simple holiday let, is a haven of peace nestled in the Latin Quarter between the impressive Panthéon and the famous, buzzing rue Mouffetard with its myriad of restaurants, cafés, boutiques and reputed open-air food market - recommended by Lonely Planet. This is an ideal central point for walking to the Panthéon, the Sorbonne, Notre-Dame Cathedral, the medieval Cluny Museum and the recently renovated and beautiful College des Bernardins. You can shop till you drop on the Boulevard St Michel or the Boulevard St Germain and then, on your way home, collapse in the magnificent Luxembourg Gardens or the Jardin des Plantes - both just 7 minutes away on foot! The apartment has AIR CON and is comprised of a Living/dining-room wi	The ideal, one bedroomed apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter with spectacular views over the Paris rooftops and nestling in a haven of peace while only 3 minutes from the bustling rue Mouffetard with its market and plethora of restaurants.  Between the Panthéon and the rue Mouffetard in the 5th District Bright, south-west facing, top floor, (with elevator) fully-equipped apartment with a view of the Pantheon and the roof-tops of Paris!  The apartment, which is our home and so has many more amenities than a simple holiday let, is a haven of peace nestled in the Latin Quarter between the impressive Panthéon and the famous, buzzing rue Mouffetard with its myriad of restaurants, cafés, boutiques and reputed open-air food market - recommended by Lonely Planet. This is an ideal central point for walking to the Panthéon, the Sorbonne, Notre-Dame Cathedral, the medieval Cluny Museum and the recently renovated and beautiful College des Bernardins. You can shop till you drop on the Boule
21920	Room with balcony for a single or a couple. Nearby the Quartier Latin neighborhood. Quiet and bright, kitchen a bathroom fully equipped. English, Italian and Russian spoken.	Room with balcony for a single or a couple. Nearby the Quartier Latin neighborhood. Quiet and bright, kitchen a bathroom fully equipped. English, Italian and Russian spoken. Kitchen, dining room, bathroom In a modern building, with wood on the floor, bay windows ans a balcony. The flat is at the 10th floor with an amazing view on Paris. Railway stations nearby, 2 subway stations and direct access to the Chateau de Versailles Come and enjoy an unique view on the fireworks for the revolution anniversary!
21921	One private room to rent in the center of Paris in 5th arrondissement, near rue Mouffetard, Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes(Galerie of Evolution) and nice area to make a walk ! One minute away from métro Place Monge (ligne 7) and 5 minutes away from metro Cardinal Lemoine (Ligne 10). Bus 47 just in front of the house and many others buses around the corner to go everywhere in Paris. Many stores next to the house. Open air market every day rue Mouffetard (2 minutes away). Lots of restaurants and bars all around my street and rue Mouffetard. The apartment is located in a small 2- storey (website hidden) is a very quiet place in the middle of Paris. No Rooms give on to the street. Kitchen and bathroom look out on to a garden, living-room and sleeping room on quiet courtyard. The apartment has a sleeping-room, a living room, a big eat-kitchen, a bathroom with shower and separate toilets. The guests can use the fully-equipement kitchen to make breakfast (Just tell me before use).  I stay in th	One private room to rent in the center of Paris in 5th arrondissement, near rue Mouffetard, Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes(Galerie of Evolution) and nice area to make a walk ! One minute away from métro Place Monge (ligne 7) and 5 minutes away from metro Cardinal Lemoine (Ligne 10). Bus 47 just in front of the house and many others buses around the corner to go everywhere in Paris. Many stores next to the house. Open air market every day rue Mouffetard (2 minutes away). Lots of restaurants and bars all around my street and rue Mouffetard. The apartment is located in a small 2- storey (website hidden) is a very quiet place in the middle of Paris. No Rooms give on to the street. Kitchen and bathroom look out on to a garden, living-room and sleeping room on quiet courtyard. The apartment has a sleeping-room, a living room, a big eat-kitchen, a bathroom with shower and separate toilets. The guests can use the fully-equipement kitchen to make breakfast (Just tell me before use).  I stay in th
21922	This unique apartment is located in the old part of Paris, facing Ile Saint-Louis and with a view of the Notre-Dame Cathedral.  Around it, you Will find the Pantheon, bouquinists, the Marais, Pont de la Tournelle where everybody seems to want to become immortal by locking their padlock to the bridge.  This apartment is also very practical, uncluttered, 750 square feet of old wooden floors and tiles, with a lot of light and a balcony all around.  You will like to have breakfast or dinner looking at Notre Dame.  The amenities include double living, open kitchen, bathroom and a large  bedroom with huge closets and a good-size desk. The building is very well maintained and the door is totally secure. It is located on the fifth floor at the top of original and beautifully preserved stairs. The apartment is located in an area where old buildings are preserved, so this is Paris authentic and there is no elevator.  For you comings and goings, the apartment is no more than 50 yards from taxi-st	A romance in Paris or a place to remember ?  This unique apartment is located in the old part of Paris, facing Ile Saint-Louis and with a view of the Notre-Dame Cathedral.  Around it, you will find the Pantheon, bouquinists, the Marais, river Seine. This unique apartment is located in the old part of Paris, facing Ile Saint-Louis and with a view of the Notre-Dame Cathedral.  Around it, you Will find the Pantheon, bouquinists, the Marais, Pont de la Tournelle where everybody seems to want to become immortal by locking their padlock to the bridge.  This apartment is also very practical, uncluttered, 750 square feet of old wooden floors and tiles, with a lot of light and a balcony all around.  You will like to have breakfast or dinner looking at Notre Dame.  The amenities include double living, open kitchen, bathroom and a large  bedroom with huge closets and a good-size desk. The building is very well maintained and the door is totally secure. It is located on the fifth floor at the top 
21923	This charming studio is located two steps away from the wonderful Jardin des Plantes. All the Latin Quarter is filled with charm and you will undoubtedly love it. This very functional studio features all the necessary equipment. This lovely studio is located on the ground floor of a Parisian building. The living room has a large French-window. It is made up of a comfortable 140 cm convertible sofa, a TV and a kitchen area with a well-equipped kitchenette. A table separates the kitchen area from the lounge area. As for the bathroom, it consists of a shower cubicle and the toilets. The Jardin des Plantes is an invitation to dream and travel: a rose garden with 350 varieties, an alpine garden gathering 2 000 mountain plants, a menagerie reuniting many species. The Arènes de Lutèce as well as the rue Mouffetard, one of the oldest and most touristic streets of Paris, going down the Saint-Geneviève Mountain are places you won’t want to miss out on!	This charming studio is located two steps away from the wonderful Jardin des Plantes. All the Latin Quarter is filled with charm and you will undoubtedly love it. This very functional studio features all the necessary equipment. This lovely studio is located on the ground floor of a Parisian building. The living room has a large French-window. It is made up of a comfortable 140 cm convertible sofa, a TV and a kitchen area with a well-equipped kitchenette. A table separates the kitchen area from the lounge area. As for the bathroom, it consists of a shower cubicle and the toilets. The Jardin des Plantes is an invitation to dream and travel: a rose garden with 350 varieties, an alpine garden gathering 2 000 mountain plants, a menagerie reuniting many species. The Arènes de Lutèce as well as the rue Mouffetard, one of the oldest and most touristic streets of Paris, going down the Saint-Geneviève Mountain are places you won’t want to miss out on!
21924	Le calme en plein cœur de Paris	Entre Panthéon et jardin du Luxembourg, chambre dans un appartement de charme, poutres et pierres apparentes, très calme, sur cour privative arborée. Idéalement situé : à proximité de La Sorbonne, Notre-Dame, St Germain des prés, île St-Louis Le calme en plein cœur de Paris Metro ligne 7 station Monge,ligne 10 station Cluny La Sorbonne, RER B station Luxembourg  Bus (phone number hidden)
21925	25 m 2 flat rented by a friendly, open-minded 24 years old student while I'm away. You will be able to go anywhere around Paris very quickly. It is in the heart of student area of Paris. Flat is fully furnished.  Bathroom has been recently fully renovated and turns out to be very comfortable the kitchen although small has oven, microwaves, fridge, electric plate and anything you need to cook.  The living room is quite large and can have two large bed, one king sike and on sofa-bed . it's a very good value for money.  It's very appropriate for one or two people willing to hang around in Paris.	25 m 2 studio rented by a friendly, open-minded 24 years old student. you will be able to go anywhere around Paris very quickly. It is in the heart of student area of Paris. Flat is fully furnished.  25 m 2 flat rented by a friendly, open-minded 24 years old student while I'm away. You will be able to go anywhere around Paris very quickly. It is in the heart of student area of Paris. Flat is fully furnished.  Bathroom has been recently fully renovated and turns out to be very comfortable the kitchen although small has oven, microwaves, fridge, electric plate and anything you need to cook.  The living room is quite large and can have two large bed, one king sike and on sofa-bed . it's a very good value for money.  It's very appropriate for one or two people willing to hang around in Paris. Rue Mouffetard is a street in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. Situated in the fifth (cinquième) arrondissement of Paris, Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris's oldest and liveliest neighbourhoods. These da
21926	Au rez-de-chaussée un salon et une petite cuisine (frigo, four + micro-onde, machine à laver), au premier étage la salle de bain (wc et baignoire) et une grande chambre lumineuse. On the groundfloor a living room and a tiny kitchen (washing machine, fridge, oven + micro-wave). On the first floor the bathroom (bath & wc) and a big and bright bedroom.	Ce duplex au coeur de Paris saura vous apporter calme et tranquilité au sein de la capitale. Il est idéal pour un couple venant découvrir Paris quelques jours. This flat in the centre of Paris will bring you tranquillity within the city. It is the ideal renting for 2. Au rez-de-chaussée un salon et une petite cuisine (frigo, four + micro-onde, machine à laver), au premier étage la salle de bain (wc et baignoire) et une grande chambre lumineuse. On the groundfloor a living room and a tiny kitchen (washing machine, fridge, oven + micro-wave). On the first floor the bathroom (bath & wc) and a big and bright bedroom. Basic products Sheets Towels Langues parlées : anglais et espagnol. Cet appartement se situe dans un endroit idéal de la capitale. A 5min à pieds de l'ile Saint-Louis vous pourrez y déguster les glaces Berthillon en vous promenant le long des quais, ou, le soir, profiter des restaurants et de l'animation de la rue Mouffetard.  Pour les amateurs d'art et d'histoire, de nombreux
21927	The very quiet apartment is located on the 4th and 5 th floor of a building of 4 floors with elevator. It is a duplex penthouse of 38 m2 with a ceiling height greater than 6 m. This piece consists of: - A space equipped kitchen (dishwasher, fridge, oven, coffee maker etc. ..) / dining room - table 4 places) - A sitting area with sofa bed (good bed) for 1 person, armchairs, coffee tables ... This room (parquet) with a large window opens on a small balcony with a side view of the Pantheon. Upstairs, a large loft (carpet) in the attic space consisting of a reading corner (TV, Internet) overlooking the living room , overlooking the mezzanine bedroom (bed 140), very light and airy with skylights in roof A beautiful bathroom / wc + attic skylight also Sheets, towels, kitchen towels are provided in the. The apartment is original, unusual, bright and immaculate. The neighborhood is fantastic. Old streets steeped in history, bookshops, restaurants, musées. One old village atmosphere in the hear	The very quiet apartment is located on the 4th and 5 th floor of a building of 4 floors with elevator. It is a duplex penthouse of 38 m2 with a ceiling height greater than 6 m. This piece consists of: - A space equipped kitchen (dishwasher, fridge, oven, coffee maker etc. ..) / dining room - table 4 places) - A sitting area with sofa bed (good bed) for 1 person, armchairs, coffee tables ... This room (parquet) with a large window opens on a small balcony with a side view of the Pantheon. Upstairs, a large loft (carpet) in the attic space consisting of a reading corner (TV, Internet) overlooking the living room , overlooking the mezzanine bedroom (bed 140), very light and airy with skylights in roof A beautiful bathroom / wc + attic skylight also Sheets, towels, kitchen towels are provided in the. The apartment is original, unusual, bright and immaculate. The neighborhood is fantastic. Old streets steeped in history, bookshops, restaurants, musées. One old village atmosphere in the hear
21928	C'est un duplex dans une maison ancienne, avec des pièces ni trop grandes ni trop petites, typique du Paris ancien, c'est mignon, ça vous laissera un souvenir unique. 	Magnifique duplex tout près de la rue Mouffetard, au coeur du quartier Latin. Donnant sur jardin particulier. Calme, lumineux et coloré, 90 m2. Avec un grand salon, cuisine salle à manger, 4 chambres, deux salles de bain. Parfait pour famille, amis. C'est un duplex dans une maison ancienne, avec des pièces ni trop grandes ni trop petites, typique du Paris ancien, c'est mignon, ça vous laissera un souvenir unique. Le logement est situé au centre de Paris, dans un quartier, unique,  sûr,  chic, presque comme un village, avec de nombreux cafés, marchés (rue Mouffetard, place Monge), tout y est accessible et facile d'accès, vous allez l'adorer. Métro Censier-Daubenton ligne 7, nombreux bus (phone number hidden)...). Nous souhaitons louer cet appartement pour une durée minimale de 5 nuits.
21929	Bel appartement calme et clair en Rdc sur cour arborée, avec 1 salon (couchage d'appoint  pour 1 personne), une chambre parentale (lit double) , 1 chambre avec lit 1 (5-16ans) et 1 lit (0-4 ans), quartier Mouffetard, proche Panthéon. Commerces et transports à proximité. Bel appartement calme et clair de 62m2 en Rdc sur cour arborée, avec 1 salon (couchage d'appoint  pour 1 personne), une chambre parentale (lit double) , 1 chambre avec lit 1 (5-16ans) et 1 lit (0-4 ans), quartier Mouffetard, proche Panthéon. Commerces et transports à proximité. Appartement calme et clair en Rdc sur cour arborée, avec 1 salon (couchage d'appoint  pour 1 personne), une chambre (lit double) , 1 chambre avec lit 1 (5-16ans) et 1 lit (0-4 ans), possibilité de dormir à deux sur un matelas (140X190) dans la chambre enfants, salle de bain, wc séparé ,quartier Mouffetard, proche Panthéon. Commerces et transports à proximité. Appartement très calme au cœur d'un quartier très vivant. Il reste frais en été . Appart	Bel appartement calme et clair en Rdc sur cour arborée, avec 1 salon (couchage d'appoint  pour 1 personne), une chambre parentale, 1 chambre avec lit 1 (5-16ans) et 1 lit (0-4 ans) ou un matelas double à terre, quartier Mouffetard, proche Panthéon. Commerces et transports à proximité. Bel appartement calme et clair en Rdc sur cour arborée, avec 1 salon (couchage d'appoint  pour 1 personne), une chambre parentale (lit double) , 1 chambre avec lit 1 (5-16ans) et 1 lit (0-4 ans), quartier Mouffetard, proche Panthéon. Commerces et transports à proximité. Bel appartement calme et clair de 62m2 en Rdc sur cour arborée, avec 1 salon (couchage d'appoint  pour 1 personne), une chambre parentale (lit double) , 1 chambre avec lit 1 (5-16ans) et 1 lit (0-4 ans), quartier Mouffetard, proche Panthéon. Commerces et transports à proximité. Appartement calme et clair en Rdc sur cour arborée, avec 1 salon (couchage d'appoint  pour 1 personne), une chambre (lit double) , 1 chambre avec lit 1 (5-16ans) et
21930	Tha apartment is 50 m2 big. There are 2 bedrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 restroom.  The two bedrooms have a window and are about 15 m2. Comfortable bed for 2 in each room. In one bedroom there is also a large sofa.  Fresh blanket, bed sheets, pillows and towels are provided.  Large bathroom with bath. Separated restroom.  The kitchen is big enough for 4 people to eat.  The Kitchen is full-equipped. There is all you need to cook and enjoy a nice sophisticated meal if you are in the cooking mood.  Wireless internet.  The apartment is located in central Paris, Place Monge, 5th arrondissement. You will find many shops, restaurants and cafes next door. All amenities just around the corner: supermarket, grocery stores, bakeries, wine shops, post office etc ...Less than a 1 min walks to the metro station: Place Monge.  Walking distance from St-Germain-des-Pres, the Seine, Notre Dame, Jardin du Luxembourg, within 15 min walk.  Quality of the pictures is not great, sorry.  Hope to meet you so	The apartment is located downtown Paris in the Latin district,  in a walking distance to Notre Dame, St Germain... It's 50 m2 big and has 2 sunny bedrooms with queen-size beds. The kitchen and the bathroom are full equipped and quite big for Paris. Your room is about 15m2. Tha apartment is 50 m2 big. There are 2 bedrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 restroom.  The two bedrooms have a window and are about 15 m2. Comfortable bed for 2 in each room. In one bedroom there is also a large sofa.  Fresh blanket, bed sheets, pillows and towels are provided.  Large bathroom with bath. Separated restroom.  The kitchen is big enough for 4 people to eat.  The Kitchen is full-equipped. There is all you need to cook and enjoy a nice sophisticated meal if you are in the cooking mood.  Wireless internet.  The apartment is located in central Paris, Place Monge, 5th arrondissement. You will find many shops, restaurants and cafes next door. All amenities just around the corner: supermarket, grocery stores, b
21931	Entieremét refait à neuf	Superbe appart de 18 m2 rénové et équipé dans quartier animé aux pied du jardin des plantes , Entieremét refait à neuf Commerce , kf parisien , jardin des plantes , musée du monde arabe
21932	This comfortable apartment is located at the 1st floor via stairs of Rue Rollin, in the very center of Paris. The flat has 2 bedrooms and a sofabed in the living room and it sleeps 6 peoples. The main bedroom is furnished with a king size bed and a big cupboard.  The second bedroom / alcove has a traditional bed (140 x 200) and is on a side of the living room and also has some useful closets. The living room is particularly spacious and is equipped with a sofa-bed, a dining table suitable for 6 people, a decorative fire-place and  different cupboards and closets. The windows face on an internal peaceful park with an extended grass and big trees.  The kitchen, separated from the living room, is well equipped: microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, extractor, plates, pots and pans, etc. The apartment is particularly spacious and comfortable and its positions is great! You can get by walking to Notre Dame, to the Pantheon, to the Sorbonne University to the Latin district and a number of 	This comfortable apartment is located at the 1st floor via stairs of Rue Rollin, in the very center of Paris. The flat has 2 bedrooms and a sofabed in the living room and it sleeps 6 peoples. The main bedroom is furnished with a king size bed and a big cupboard.  The second bedroom / alcove has a traditional bed (140 x 200) and is on a side of the living room and also has some useful closets. The living room is particularly spacious and is equipped with a sofa-bed, a dining table suitable for 6 people, a decorative fire-place and  different cupboards and closets. The windows face on an internal peaceful park with an extended grass and big trees.  The kitchen, separated from the living room, is well equipped: microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, extractor, plates, pots and pans, etc. The apartment is particularly spacious and comfortable and its positions is great! You can get by walking to Notre Dame, to the Pantheon, to the Sorbonne University to the Latin district and a number of 
21933	Independent access to studio including kitchen corner - separate bathroom. Studio is Paris typical 'under the roof' with 2 windows and 2 roof windows. Access to incredible garden for a sunny rest and outside lunch.	"Student traveling this summer is offering a unique place located heart of paris, middle of famous ""Quartier Latin"" Third floor of a 18th century building with access to a private garden, it is very quiet. Independent access to studio including kitchen corner - separate bathroom. Studio is Paris typical 'under the roof' with 2 windows and 2 roof windows. Access to incredible garden for a sunny rest and outside lunch. Fully fitted kitchen with fridge, microwave, dishwasher and everything needed for cooking and eating. Wifi access. Owner will use the washing machine in the bathroom twice a week; Owner is living next door and will be happy to provide advices to visit Paris You will be located heart of 'quarter latin' on top of 'Montagne Set Genevieve' - 5 to 10 mms walk to Pantheon, La Sorbonne, rue Mouffetard, Luxembourg, St Michel ; 15 mns  walk to Saint Germain des Près. Several Paris Bike 'Velib station"" around. 5 min walking time from Place Monge (Line 7 - connecting with Chatelet and"
21934	The location is amazing, half quiet and half very populated, you could meet, students, turist, from all over the world. lot of park, bar and nice historical place to visit.	You could use my bedroom for few nights, I accept only some profiles. The location is amazing, half quiet and half very populated, you could meet, students, turist, from all over the world. lot of park, bar and nice historical place to visit. A really comfortable bedroom, and the living room is access free, you will meet me and my girlfriend sometime, so oipportunity to share our experience and history. I live in Paris for years ago, so I know the town like the back of my hands.
21935	The apartment is in a typical Parisian residential neighborhood close to the popular rue Mouffetard, a pedestrian street which contains restaurants, food shops, and open-air food stalls. Also close by are the Pantheon, the Roman Arenas (Arenes Lutece), and the Botanical Gardens (Jardin des Plantes). It is close to a supermarket, several patisseries, and specialty fish, meat, and cheese shops. This large (880 Sq. Ft.) apartment features a huge living room/dining room, a modern kitchen, two large bedrooms and a third smaller one, and two full bathrooms. Remodeled in 2000, it features the best of old and the new; antique furniture, but with a modern kitchen and bathrooms. The double-glazed windows keep noise to a minimum. The living room is furnished with 1920's leather armchairs, an antique blanket chest (as a coffee table), and a queen-size sofa-bed. On the shelves are antique leather-bound French encyclopedias and art books, as well as a stereo and TV/VCR. The floor-to-ceiling windows 	    Centrally located in the Left Bank's Latin Quarter, this three-bedroom, two-bath apartment sleeps up to 8 adults and is perfect for a family or even two couples and their children.     The apartment is in a typical Parisian residential neighborhood close to the popular rue Mouffetard, a pedestrian street which contains restaurants, food shops, and open-air food stalls. Also close by are the Pantheon, the Roman Arenas (Arenes Lutece), and the Botanical Gardens (Jardin des Plantes). It is close to a supermarket, several patisseries, and specialty fish, meat, and cheese shops. This large (880 Sq. Ft.) apartment features a huge living room/dining room, a modern kitchen, two large bedrooms and a third smaller one, and two full bathrooms. Remodeled in 2000, it features the best of old and the new; antique furniture, but with a modern kitchen and bathrooms. The double-glazed windows keep noise to a minimum. The living room is furnished with 1920's leather armchairs, an antique blanket che
21936	Welcome to your dream place to stay in PARIS. Its 80 sq meters (860 sq ft) are ideal to feel comfortable during your stay in Paris. You can either come only at one couple, but also 2 couples or the whole family with kids. The flat has 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a huge dining room, open plan kitchen and living room. This flat is situed in the heart of the 5th district, close to La sorbonne, The Panthéon, Le Luxemboug and Le jardin des Plantes. It is the perfect situtation to visit Paris and a super safe neighboorhood. The metro stations (Cardinal Lemoine and Monge), bus station and bycicle station (Velib) are super close (less than 500 m). The buiding is very calm as the flat is directly on the courtyard. All the comodities are waking distance, supermarket, post office, bakery, nice Cafe on Place de la Contrescarpe, etc. Don't hesitate and book now for a unique experience in the most authentical district of Paris (the movie Midnight in Paris from Woody Allen as been shot there!) 	Welcome to your dream place to stay in PARIS. Its 80 sq meters (860 sq ft) are ideal to feel comfortable during your stay in Paris. You can either come only at one couple, but also 2 couples or the whole family with kids. The flat has 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a huge dining room, open plan kitchen and living room. This flat is situed in the heart of the 5th district, close to La sorbonne, The Panthéon, Le Luxemboug and Le jardin des Plantes. It is the perfect situtation to visit Paris and a super safe neighboorhood. The metro stations (Cardinal Lemoine and Monge), bus station and bycicle station (Velib) are super close (less than 500 m). The buiding is very calm as the flat is directly on the courtyard. All the comodities are waking distance, supermarket, post office, bakery, nice Cafe on Place de la Contrescarpe, etc. Don't hesitate and book now for a unique experience in the most authentical district of Paris (the movie Midnight in Paris from Woody Allen as been shot there!) 
21937		Large,  sunny 5th floor 2 BR apartment on Boulevard St. Germain.  Steps from the Seine, Notre Dame the Latin Quarter and the Marais. The long balcony overlooks over the boulevard's many shops, cafes and restaurants. Convenient bus, metro and prkg.  
21938		"You'll enjoy a view of the eiffel tower from one of the bedrooms. With a cosy living room, 2 bathroom (1 with a bath) there is everything you need to have an unforgettable souvenir of Paris. What I like the most? You are 20 min away from everywhere! It's a 3min walk to the RER B and C (Station Saint Michel) and a 2min walk from the metro station ""Cluny la Sorbonne"" !"
21939	Come and live a moment of authenticity and culture! Come and taste the French sweet way of life! Paris 5th. Panthéon/Sorbone/Contrescarpe. Located in the middle of the Latin quarter in the historical heart of Paris, this charming one bedroom, new, bright and prettily furnished is the ideal place for your holidays in Paris, would they be cultural, festive or professional. Located in the 4th floor of a beautiful “cut stone” building that has a lift, it includes a dining room/kitchen fully equipped, a living room/bedroom with full comfort, an equipped bathroom, two large windows with little balconies that give onto Cardinal Lemoine street and which provide the place with a powerful brightness. It has a large sofa, a large bed, a little extra bed, allowing the apartment to host up to four people, and a large dining table. It is equipped with a flat screen TV, a DVD (email hidden) system and has a high-speed Internet wi-fi connection. Its location in the middle of the Latin quarter and in t	Come and live a moment of authenticity and culture! Come and taste the French sweet way of life! Paris 5th. Panthéon/Sorbone/Contrescarpe. Located in the middle of the Latin quarter in the historical heart of Paris, this charming one bedroom, new, bright and prettily furnished is the ideal place for your holidays in Paris, would they be cultural, festive or professional. Located in the 4th floor of a beautiful “cut stone” building that has a lift, it includes a dining room/kitchen fully equipped, a living room/bedroom with full comfort, an equipped bathroom, two large windows with little balconies that give onto Cardinal Lemoine street and which provide the place with a powerful brightness. It has a large sofa, a large bed, a little extra bed, allowing the apartment to host up to four people, and a large dining table. It is equipped with a flat screen TV, a DVD (email hidden) system and has a high-speed Internet wi-fi connection. Its location in the middle of the Latin quarter and in t
21940	Bienvenue au cœur du quartier latin !  Situé rue Rollin, une ruelle calme et piétonne, à deux pas de la très animée rue Mouffetard, notre appartement vous mettra sur les traces de ses illustres voisins : le philosophe René Descartes, qui l'habita, Hemingway, Joyce, et de nombreux autres artistes. Vous serez inspirés par l'esprit de bohème de ce 5ème arrondissement, quartier étudiant et historique. Sous les toits, au 3ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble pittoresque du XVIIème siècle, entièrement rénové, notre charmant trois pièces de 51m2, est accueillant, cosy, lumineux et très bien équipé.   La pièce principale, de 20m2, poutres apparentes, donne sur une charmante cour pavée, orientée au sud. Ouvrez ses larges fenêtres pour profiter du calme et du chant des oiseaux ! Cette pièce comprend un canapé-lit (140x200), une table pour 6 personnes, un système audio, le wifi illimité et la télévision par câble. La cuisine ouverte sur le salon dispose d'une plaque à induction, d'un four tradition	Trois pièces charmant et convivial, avec mezzanine et poutres apparentes, très lumineux, dans une rue pavée et calme du Quartier Latin. Tout près des Arènes de Lutèce, à 300 mètres du Panthéon. 900 mètres de Notre-Dame. Equipement moderne et complet. Bienvenue au cœur du quartier latin !  Situé rue Rollin, une ruelle calme et piétonne, à deux pas de la très animée rue Mouffetard, notre appartement vous mettra sur les traces de ses illustres voisins : le philosophe René Descartes, qui l'habita, Hemingway, Joyce, et de nombreux autres artistes. Vous serez inspirés par l'esprit de bohème de ce 5ème arrondissement, quartier étudiant et historique. Sous les toits, au 3ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble pittoresque du XVIIème siècle, entièrement rénové, notre charmant trois pièces de 51m2, est accueillant, cosy, lumineux et très bien équipé.   La pièce principale, de 20m2, poutres apparentes, donne sur une charmante cour pavée, orientée au sud. Ouvrez ses larges fenêtres pour profiter du cal
21941	50 m² 1 bedroom appartment, with a balcony attached to the bedroom.  There are big windows in the living room looking onto a quiet street. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of the building, with access to an elevator.	10 min walk to Jardin du Luxembourg & Jardin des Plantes. 8 min walk to La Grande Mosquée. 4 min walk to Line 7 métro. 50 m² 1 bedroom appartment, with a balcony attached to the bedroom. Big windows in the living room looking onto a quiet street. 50 m² 1 bedroom appartment, with a balcony attached to the bedroom.  There are big windows in the living room looking onto a quiet street. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of the building, with access to an elevator. The 5th arrondissement of Paris is also known as the Latin Quarter is one of the oldest districts of the city.  Located in the 5th arrondissement you are close to: Jardin des Plantes  La Grande Mosquée Sorbonne University  Panthéon  Rue Mouffetard  Place Contrescarpe Henry IV college Lutèce Arenas Nearby to the 5th - Jardin du Luxembourg (6th arrondissement, 10 minute walk away from the apartment)  Notre Dame - 15 minute walk away. (Ile de la Cité) 10 minutes walk from Saint-Germain des Près Only a 15 to 20 minute walk to the Mar
21942	"Charming studio (13sqm) very bright, quiet and sunny southern exposure), for one person, located on 3rd floor  in a 17th century building without elevator . Exceptional location in the heart of ""Quartier Latin"", close to the Pantheon, entertainment and restaurants of Rue Mouffetard, two minutes from the Luxembourg Gardens, Notre Dame and all amenities (bus, metro, RER, shops, restaurants, cinemas, etc.). The building is built on the very  old wall of Paris (Philippe Auguste). Typical parisian studio fully equipped kitchenette with two hotplates, mini-fridge (freezer compartment), closet and shelves. It is equipped with a single bed, wardrobe,  table, and two chairs. The bathroom has a shower, a  sink and a toilet. We provide (pillows, bedsheets and towels) as well as tableware and kitchenware (kettle, rice coocker). RER B Luxembourg,  Metro ligne7 Place Monge and Metro ligne 10 Cardinal Lemoine, BUS 84 and 89 and 47 and 21 and 27."	"Charming studio (13sqm) very bright, quiet and sunny southern exposure), for one person, located on 3rd floor  in a 17th century building without elevator . Exceptional location in the heart of ""Quartier Latin"", close to the Pantheon, entertainment . Charming studio (13sqm) very bright, quiet and sunny southern exposure), for one person, located on 3rd floor  in a 17th century building without elevator . Exceptional location in the heart of ""Quartier Latin"", close to the Pantheon, entertainment and restaurants of Rue Mouffetard, two minutes from the Luxembourg Gardens, Notre Dame and all amenities (bus, metro, RER, shops, restaurants, cinemas, etc.). The building is built on the very  old wall of Paris (Philippe Auguste). Typical parisian studio fully equipped kitchenette with two hotplates, mini-fridge (freezer compartment), closet and shelves. It is equipped with a single bed, wardrobe,  table, and two chairs. The bathroom has a shower, a  sink and a toilet. We provide (pillows, beds"
21943	PLEASE contact me for Xmas time for minimum 10 days stay. Best arrival is 24th / 25th of December Right in Paris center, studio that looks out on park with large balcony. The room is large - 30m2 - bright and calm and the view on park is enjoyable during breakfast. Double bed + large bathroom with bath, towel heater and hairdryer. Separated kitchen with coffee machine, kettle, fridge, micro wave, hoover, washing machine. Wifi Hi fi with IPOD plugger Central heating. Bedsheets and towels will be provided.  The building is secured with digicod and camera; Lifts. Neighbourhood:  When walking out of building, very lively streets rue Monge and rue Mouffetard with all convenience - supermarkets, bakeries, restaurants, market place. Near to Jardin des Plantes; Musée d'Histoire Naturelle, Panthéon, Ile Saint Louis, St Michel, Notre Dame and Quartier Latin. Public transports are handy: metro 7, Censier Daubenton or  5 Gare d'Austerlitz + bike stations around. UNCOMMON ! Parking place secured. 	PLEASE contact me for Xmas time for minimum 10 days stay. Best arrival is 24th / 25th of December Right in Paris center, studio that looks out on park with large balcony. The room is large - 30m2 - bright and calm and the view on park is enjoyable during breakfast. Double bed + large bathroom with bath, towel heater and hairdryer. Separated kitchen with coffee machine, kettle, fridge, micro wave, hoover, washing machine. Wifi Hi fi with IPOD plugger Central heating. Bedsheets and towels will be provided.  The building is secured with digicod and camera; Lifts. Neighbourhood:  When walking out of building, very lively streets rue Monge and rue Mouffetard with all convenience - supermarkets, bakeries, restaurants, market place. Near to Jardin des Plantes; Musée d'Histoire Naturelle, Panthéon, Ile Saint Louis, St Michel, Notre Dame and Quartier Latin. Public transports are handy: metro 7, Censier Daubenton or  5 Gare d'Austerlitz + bike stations around. UNCOMMON ! Parking place secured. 
21944		Beau studio situé à l'une des plus belles adresses de Paris. Sur la Rue Mouffetard, proche de  Panthéon, Notre Dame et  Jardin de Luxembourg. Cuisine équipée avec frigo, four et micro-ondes. Meublée, 22m avec mezzanine. Le quartier est très animé.
21945	L’appartement comporte 2 chambres équipées chacune d’un lit double. La cuisine est complètement équipée (pour 4 personnes). Situé au 2eme étage avec ascenseur. Wifi gratuit. 	Appartement 3 pièces (40m2), accueillant, ensoleillé et calme. Idéalement situé au cœur du quartier latin. Parfait pour découvrir Paris ! A deux pas du Panthéon, du jardin du Luxembourg, de la rue Mouffetard et de la place Monge. L’appartement comporte 2 chambres équipées chacune d’un lit double. La cuisine est complètement équipée (pour 4 personnes). Situé au 2eme étage avec ascenseur. Wifi gratuit. Restaurants et petits commerces a moins de 2 min à pied. Découvrez le vrai Paris et séjournez dans un appartement cozy et moderne au sein d'un quartier vivant ! Metro ligne 7 : Censier-Daubenton (à 10 min) RER B : Luxembourg (à 5 min) - Très simple d'accès depuis les aéroports Orly et CDG
21946	Located on the 6th and top floor of a 19th Century building with elevator, this bright and peaceful 100 sq meters apartment was designed by an architect and recently renovated, with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, a few steps away from the rue Mouffetard and the Pantheon.  The apartment includes its own private entrance-hallway with plenty of space for luggage and coats, a spacious living room with 2 sofas (including a convertible for 2 people), a dining room with a large table for 8 people, a fully equipped open plan kitchen with skylight, 2 bedrooms at opposite sides of the apartment (very private). Each bedroom has a very comfortable Queen size bed with hotel style linen, a closet, and its own adjacent bathroom. One of the bathrooms has a bathtub and a toilet, the other has a shower room, and a separate toilet. A separate room serves as an office space. The apartment is very bright, with plenty of windows looking out to Parisian rooftops, over the courtyard and the street. Although the 	A beautifully renovated top 1000sq feet floor apartment steps away from the Mouffetard area and the Pantheon, with 2 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms. The apartment is very bright, with skylight, windows overlooking the Parisian rooftops. Located on the 6th and top floor of a 19th Century building with elevator, this bright and peaceful 100 sq meters apartment was designed by an architect and recently renovated, with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, a few steps away from the rue Mouffetard and the Pantheon.  The apartment includes its own private entrance-hallway with plenty of space for luggage and coats, a spacious living room with 2 sofas (including a convertible for 2 people), a dining room with a large table for 8 people, a fully equipped open plan kitchen with skylight, 2 bedrooms at opposite sides of the apartment (very private). Each bedroom has a very comfortable Queen size bed with hotel style linen, a closet, and its own adjacent bathroom. One of the bathrooms has a bathtub and a to
21947		My apartment is located in one the best spots of Paris: Pantheon / Mouffetard - 5 min from St Germain and Luxembourg Garden. You live the typical Parisan life in a lovely-brand new apt (up to 4 people) Lots of public transportations nearby.  The apt is new and all yours ! Enjoy ! The apartment is located on the 5th district. You will find hereafter a list of main monuments you can go walking from the apartment : - Place Monge : 2 minutes walking - Panthéon : 2 minutes walking - Rue Mouffetard : 1 minute walking - Cathédrale de Notre Dame : 5 minutes walking - Seine : 5 minutes walking - Saint Michel : 10 minutes walking - Latin District (Quartier Latin) : 10 minutes walking - Jardin du Luxembourg : 5 minutes walking - Saint Germain des Près : 15 minutes walking - Ile Saint Louis : 5 minutes walking - Ile de la Cité : 5 minutes walking - Louvre : 20 minutes walking - Musée de l'Orangerie : 20 minutes walking - Place de la Concorde : 20 minutes walking - Tuileries : 20 minutes walking - 
21948	"Located in a peaceful residential street in the heart of the traditional Latin Quarter, this apartment is close to all that Paris has to offer. The Latin Quarter is primarily known for its vibrant nightlife and is itself a city within a city. The area has an amazing history and this street was once home to Rene Descartes - renowned for his Cartesian philosophy. More recently the Latin Quarter has been home to the filming of the latest Woody Allen movie, 'Midnight in Paris' and the street ends in lively Place de Contrescarpe & Mouffetard area, where you will find traditional boulangeries and bistros, bookshops and boutiques. In the opposite direction the Mouffetard area intellectuals and academia (from Sorbonne and Polytechnique) mix with tourists with a glass of wine and a discussion or two. Most of the streets in the Latin Quarter are named after intellectuals, philosophers, scientists and educational personalities of history and heritage. The apartment was right out of the movie ""An "	"Located in a peaceful residential street in the heart of the traditional Latin Quarter, this apartment is close to all that Paris has to offer. The Latin Quarter is primarily known for its vibrant nightlife and is itself a city within a city. The area has an amazing history and this street was once home to Rene Descartes - renowned for his Cartesian philosophy. More recently the Latin Quarter has been home to the filming of the latest Woody Allen movie, 'Midnight in Paris' and the street ends in lively Place de Contrescarpe & Mouffetard area, where you will find traditional boulangeries and bistros, bookshops and boutiques. In the opposite direction the Mouffetard area intellectuals and academia (from Sorbonne and Polytechnique) mix with tourists with a glass of wine and a discussion or two. Most of the streets in the Latin Quarter are named after intellectuals, philosophers, scientists and educational personalities of history and heritage. The apartment was right out of the movie ""An "
21949	Le spacieux et agréable espace de vie se compose d’un salon cosy pour vous retrouver entres amis ou en famille après vos longues journée de balade, vous partagerez ainsi vos impressions sur la capitale… Vous pourrez également organiser de délicieux dîners grâce à l’espace dinatoire, composé d’une cuisine toute équipée et de son coin repas pour vivre des moments conviviaux. L’espace nuit présente deux chambres à coucher dont une très belle suite parentale qui dispose de sa propre salle de douche… L’autre chambre, plus petite mais tout aussi confortable dispose elle aussi d’une salle de douche totalement indépendante. Vous l’aurez compris, tout a été pensé pour que votre séjour soit confortable, agréable et inoubliable… Soyez les bienvenus, nous vous accueillons avec plaisir!   	 3 pièces (60 m2 ) situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur dotées d'un salon, de 2 chambres, 2 salles de douche dont une avec toilette , situé dans une rue extrêmement calme, décoré avec soin et goût , entre le classicisme et le moderne chic parisien.    Le spacieux et agréable espace de vie se compose d’un salon cosy pour vous retrouver entres amis ou en famille après vos longues journée de balade, vous partagerez ainsi vos impressions sur la capitale… Vous pourrez également organiser de délicieux dîners grâce à l’espace dinatoire, composé d’une cuisine toute équipée et de son coin repas pour vivre des moments conviviaux. L’espace nuit présente deux chambres à coucher dont une très belle suite parentale qui dispose de sa propre salle de douche… L’autre chambre, plus petite mais tout aussi confortable dispose elle aussi d’une salle de douche totalement indépendante. Vous l’aurez compris, tout a été pensé pour que votre séjour soit confortable, agréable et inoubliable… Soyez les bienvenus, n
21950	Vous visitez Paris ville romantique, habitez donc dans un appartement de rêve dont l'immeuble est un objet d'art, 2 pièces dans un très bel immeuble Haussmanien, très bien situé, quartier étudiant, place Monge, moins de 10 minutes de La Sorbonne, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Jardin des plantes, l'institut du monde d'arabe, muséum d'histoire naturelle, Le Louvre, l' Opéra, place de al Contrescarpe, Tour Eiffel, Invalides, .... . Lumineux, 44 m², 4 personnes, au 4e étage, ascenseur. 30 mètres du métro Censier Dauberton. Lit double, canapé convertible, cuisine, salon, chambre, salle d'eau/wc, TV internet, micro-ondes, lave-linge.	2 pièces dans bel immeuble Haussmanien, très bien situé, lumineux, 44 m2, 4 personnes, au 4e, ascenseur. 30 m du métro Censier Dauberton. Lit double, canapé convertible, cuisine, salon, chambre, salle d'eau/wc, TV internet, micro-ondes, lave-linge. Vous visitez Paris ville romantique, habitez donc dans un appartement de rêve dont l'immeuble est un objet d'art, 2 pièces dans un très bel immeuble Haussmanien, très bien situé, quartier étudiant, place Monge, moins de 10 minutes de La Sorbonne, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Jardin des plantes, l'institut du monde d'arabe, muséum d'histoire naturelle, Le Louvre, l' Opéra, place de al Contrescarpe, Tour Eiffel, Invalides, .... . Lumineux, 44 m², 4 personnes, au 4e étage, ascenseur. 30 mètres du métro Censier Dauberton. Lit double, canapé convertible, cuisine, salon, chambre, salle d'eau/wc, TV internet, micro-ondes, lave-linge.
21951	Situé au 3ème étage (sur 4 étages) d'un petit immeuble parisien, vous vous sentirez comme chez vous dès que vous aurez franchit la porte de cet appartement cosy, calme et ensoleillé. Après une journée intense à la découverte de Paris, vous aurez plaisir à rentrer et à gouter au calme qui caractérise cet appartement grâce à sa vue sur une jolie cour arborée. Situé à 5 minutes à pied du jardin du Luxembourg, de la rue Mouffetard et du Panthéon, il est idéalement situé pour une découverte inoubliable de Paris.   L'appartement est parfaitement équipé et récemment rénové. Il se compose d'un salon avec cuisine américaine (lave vaisselle), d'une chambre, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, wc séparé.  LITERIE : 1 lit 140 X 200 dans la chambre et 1 canapé lit 140 X 200 dans le salon.  Les commerces, les restaurants et les transports (RER B, bus 27, 21 et 38) sont à 3 minutes à pied.   Le prix est toutes charges incluses, il comprend draps, serviettes de bains, internet en wi	Situé au 3ème étage (sur 4 étages) d'un petit immeuble parisien, vous vous sentirez comme chez vous dès que vous aurez franchit la porte de cet appartement cosy, calme et ensoleillé. Après une journée intense à la découverte de Paris, vous aurez plaisir à rentrer et à gouter au calme qui caractérise cet appartement grâce à sa vue sur une jolie cour arborée. Situé à 5 minutes à pied du jardin du Luxembourg, de la rue Mouffetard et du Panthéon, il est idéalement situé pour une découverte inoubliable de Paris.   L'appartement est parfaitement équipé et récemment rénové. Il se compose d'un salon avec cuisine américaine (lave vaisselle), d'une chambre, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, wc séparé.  LITERIE : 1 lit 140 X 200 dans la chambre et 1 canapé lit 140 X 200 dans le salon.  Les commerces, les restaurants et les transports (RER B, bus 27, 21 et 38) sont à 3 minutes à pied.   Le prix est toutes charges incluses, il comprend draps, serviettes de bains, internet en wi
21952	Our accommodation is a family type of apartment. You will share our living-room . The apartment looks over an inside courtyard . It is very quiet, although you may hear from time to time the bells of Notre-Dame!	Living room  / Bedroom with a sofa bed for 2 persons located in a typical parisian building, minutes from Notre Dame and the Seine river. Situated in the latin quarter with metro stops nearby, open-air markets and shops in the neighborhood. Our accommodation is a family type of apartment. You will share our living-room . The apartment looks over an inside courtyard . It is very quiet, although you may hear from time to time the bells of Notre-Dame! There is a code to get inside the building and then the entrance is situated in the courtyard. There is no elevator and the apartment is on a fourth floor , american floor (third floor french floor). You will be welcomed in our family. We will share our experience of our parisian life, our neighborhood and our favourite shops and things to do in Paris. Our apartment is very well centrally located in the latin quarter, between the Sorbonne, Luxembourg Garden and a few blocks from the Seine River, Notre Dame, St Germain Quarter. Many sights ar
21953	A 2 bedroom apartment, cosy and bright in the heart of Paris. The perfect place to stay for a couple (In the living room, there is a sofa convertible to a bed for a third person or for a couple...). Centered and lively neighborhood (Mouffetard, Panthéon, Luxembourg garden) and nearby the main parisian attraction Notre Dame 10 min by bus (B47) / metro (M7) Louvre  15 min by metro (M7) Eiffel Tower  25 min by metro (M7 + M6) Champs Elysées  20 min by metro (M7+M1) Le Marais neighborhood (M7)	A 2 bedroom apartment, cosy and bright in the heart of Paris. The perfect place to stay for a couple (In the living room, there is a sofa convertible to a bed for a third person or for a couple...). Centered and lively neighborhood (Mouffetard, Panthéon, Luxembourg garden) and nearby the main parisian attraction Notre Dame 10 min by bus (B47) / metro (M7) Louvre  15 min by metro (M7) Eiffel Tower  25 min by metro (M7 + M6) Champs Elysées  20 min by metro (M7+M1) Le Marais neighborhood (M7) Acess to the fully furnished apartment :  Living room, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom 4th floor with elevator Mouffetard Neighborhood Panthéon Jardin des Plantes Restaurants, shops, bakery and cafés all around the area Line M7 : Les Gobelins metro station or Censier Daubenton metro station Line M5 : 10 min walking distance from  à Saint Marcel metro station (Gare du Nord, Gare d'Austerlitz, Gare de l'Est) Line 27 : Les Gobelins bus station Line 47 : Monge - Claude Bernard bus station Line 91 : Les Gobeli
21954	Hello ! Let me introduce you my new appartment at the famous Mouffetard street, in the center of Paris ;)  If you want to try French products, and the atmosphere that make the rue Mouffetard one of the most authentic areas of Paris while avoiding you blend into the mass tourism, you must come and see me ! A few minutes from the Botanical Garden, the Pantheon, the Ile Saint Louis and many other wonderful sites you can also enjoy the city by metro censier-daubenton nearby. This studio is located in the fifth district enjoys the tranquility and all the comforts needed for a true Parisian life: double convertible bed, single bed on the mezzanine, clean sheets, kitchen, private bathroom, an oven, clean apartment... Of Course, do not stay in Paris without its best all around bakeries, bistros, market, or without a stroll at night in the Latin Quarter, listening to the melodies of Contrescarpe. But as an authentic stay in Paris can not be summarized in a few sentences, I leave you the opportu	Hello ! Let me introduce you my new appartment at the famous Mouffetard street, in the center of Paris ;)  If you want to try French products, and the atmosphere that make the rue Mouffetard one of the most authentic areas of Paris while avoiding you blend into the mass tourism, you must come and see me ! A few minutes from the Botanical Garden, the Pantheon, the Ile Saint Louis and many other wonderful sites you can also enjoy the city by metro censier-daubenton nearby. This studio is located in the fifth district enjoys the tranquility and all the comforts needed for a true Parisian life: double convertible bed, single bed on the mezzanine, clean sheets, kitchen, private bathroom, an oven, clean apartment... Of Course, do not stay in Paris without its best all around bakeries, bistros, market, or without a stroll at night in the Latin Quarter, listening to the melodies of Contrescarpe. But as an authentic stay in Paris can not be summarized in a few sentences, I leave you the opportu
21955		55m2 apartment located in the hear of Paris, facing notre Dame.DESCRIPTION 55 m² wonderful loft on the second floor of a building stone of Paris without lift, with security code. Fully equipped, parquet flooring in the living rooms, tiles in kitchen and bathroom. Open kitchen, a separate bedroom on the mezzanine. Ideally located on the quai de Seine, quai Saint Michel in the 5th district. Building : 17th century, security code. Living room : sofa bed, coffee table, flat screen TV, table and chairs, library lamps. Bedroom : queen bed, lamps, wardrobe. Kitchen : refrigerator, freezer, washing machine, stove, coffee maker, microwave, toaster, kettle, storage furniture and household utensils. Bathroom : bathtub, sink, toilet, cabinets.
21956		Clair et agréable
21957		"Lovely  appartment, at metro Saint Michel in a typical parisian street, idealy located in heart of Paris. Historical and touristic quarter,really close from ""Notre dame"", Saint Germain des Près and Luxembourg."
21958	Charming one room apartment (25m2). Light, spacious and elegant. Very Parisian	Very cosy apartment 100 just m from Pantheon, few minutes to Sorbonne university and Luxembourg garden! Wonderful location in the very heart of Latin quarter- the best area to enjoy summer Paris! Apartment has one bedroom, separate kitchen, bathroom and toilet. French balcony opens enthralling view on the cathedral. Charming one room apartment (25m2). Light, spacious and elegant. Very Parisian There is everything you might need: fully equipped kitchen and bathroom, unlimited speed internet access One of the best area of the city.  100 m - Pantheon, Sorbonne University, rue Mouffetard, Place Monge. 5 min walk to Luxembourg garden and Jardin des Plantes. 10 min to Notre-Dame de Paris and Seine. 35 min to Eiffel Tower. In 50 m from the house there is a  swimming pool- great option in summer! RER Luxembourg with direct connection to the airports 600 meters from the apartment. Metro Place Monge 500 meters. Just in front of the house there is a Velib station.
21959	Charming parisian apartment, ground floor with a mezzanine room and a bedroom. Just seconds away from the famous place de la Contre Escarpe and rue Mouffetard. Everything you need in a rustic style. Suitable for 4 people.	Charming parisian apartment, ground floor with a mezzanine room and a bedroom. Just seconds away from the famous place de la Contre Escarpe and rue Mouffetard. Everything you need in a rustic style. Suitable for 4 people.       
21960	The flat is perfect for 4 or 5 people. Our family flat is well equiped with all moderns needs : fiber WIFI, Nespresso machine, Cable TV, Bluray player, washing machine... But also the best element to relax in town : a private garden of 140 sqm. Perfect after a day of walk in the paris jungle. The 3 rooms have a view on the garden ! The parents room has a queen size bed and a private bathroom (shower). 2 other children rooms. Our daughters are 6 and 9. All our personal stuff is locked in a room which is normally our office.	Located in the prestigious 5th, facing JARDIN DES PLANTES. Family flat (140 sqm) : 3 BR (1 queen size bed, 2 child rooms). 2 bath. Fully equiped. PRIVATE GARDEN (135 sqm) perfect to relax. 2' from PLACE MONGE. 5' Rue MOUFFETARD. 8' NOTRE-DAME. The flat is perfect for 4 or 5 people. Our family flat is well equiped with all moderns needs : fiber WIFI, Nespresso machine, Cable TV, Bluray player, washing machine... But also the best element to relax in town : a private garden of 140 sqm. Perfect after a day of walk in the paris jungle. The 3 rooms have a view on the garden ! The parents room has a queen size bed and a private bathroom (shower). 2 other children rooms. Our daughters are 6 and 9. All our personal stuff is locked in a room which is normally our office. All the flat will be yours during your stay. We won't stay at home. To give you space for your clothes, we'll put a large part of our own in a close place. The building is well protected with a Code at the main door and a Surve
21961	This 1 bedroom apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris (Latin Quarter) on a high floor (with elevator) of a typical “Haussmanian” architecture building.  ABOUT THE APARTMENT: It has a lot of charm (terracotta tiled/ wooden floor, molding, fireplace – not working) with a minimalist/neutral décor but with stylish accents. It is composed of: - A large and bright open living room and dining room combined with floor to ceiling windows (double-pane/sound-proofed). - A separate kitchen fully equipped (with everything you could need including microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, separate dryer…) - A full Bathroom with shower w/bathtub  - A separate Toilet room - A separate Bedroom with a double-sized (160 cm / 63 in large)  What else?  - TV with main international news channel - Blu-Ray/DVD player - Internet Wi-Fi - Free calls to US and Canada (Landline and Mobile) and many other Countries (Landline only - Please ask for more information).  - Controlled heating ABOUT THE AR	This 1 bedroom apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris (Latin Quarter) on a high floor (with elevator) of a typical “Haussmanian” architecture building.  ABOUT THE APARTMENT: It has a lot of charm (terracotta tiled/ wooden floor, molding, fireplace – not working) with a minimalist/neutral décor but with stylish accents. It is composed of: - A large and bright open living room and dining room combined with floor to ceiling windows (double-pane/sound-proofed). - A separate kitchen fully equipped (with everything you could need including microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, separate dryer…) - A full Bathroom with shower w/bathtub  - A separate Toilet room - A separate Bedroom with a double-sized (160 cm / 63 in large)  What else?  - TV with main international news channel - Blu-Ray/DVD player - Internet Wi-Fi - Free calls to US and Canada (Landline and Mobile) and many other Countries (Landline only - Please ask for more information).  - Controlled heating ABOUT THE AR
21962	A beautifully restored 1-bedroom, 1-bath apartment in a French Haussmann building, with a full kitchen near the historic Latin Quarter of Paris. Near pedestrian street Rue Mouffetard, outdoor markets, Botanical Gardens, and the Mosque. 2 minute walk to metro (line 5 - St. Marcel). 20 minute walk to Islands and historic Latin Quarter. In quiet building with quiet residents, on a private courtyard. We ask that renters please respect that this is a building with permanent residents, and to be quiet and respectful. There is a queen-size bed. Sleeps 3 with the couch. The apartment is fully furnished, wireless internet, cable TV, phone, maps and guides are included. No AC. No elevator – 4th floor. No washing machine. You'll find the laundry service just across the street. No pets or smoking allowed! Deposit of 400.00 euros required at time of reservation to hold - no exceptions. Returned in full if apartment is left in same condition. There is a 30.00 cleaning fee, and it can be booked for a	A beautifully restored 1-bedroom, 1-bath apartment in a French Haussmann building, with a full kitchen near the historic Latin Quarter of Paris. A beautifully restored 1-bedroom, 1-bath apartment in a French Haussmann building, with a full kitchen near the historic Latin Quarter of Paris. Near pedestrian street Rue Mouffetard, outdoor markets, Botanical Gardens, and the Mosque. 2 minute walk to metro (line 5 - St. Marcel). 20 minute walk to Islands and historic Latin Quarter. In quiet building with quiet residents, on a private courtyard. We ask that renters please respect that this is a building with permanent residents, and to be quiet and respectful. There is a queen-size bed. Sleeps 3 with the couch. The apartment is fully furnished, wireless internet, cable TV, phone, maps and guides are included. No AC. No elevator – 4th floor. No washing machine. You'll find the laundry service just across the street. No pets or smoking allowed! Deposit of 400.00 euros required at time of reserv
21963	studio 18 mq 5 minutes walking from notre dame super cosy, separate kitchen, living room with sofa tv internet et phone calls free,washing machine perfect for couples.	studio 18 mq 5 minutes walking from notre dame super cosy, separate kitchen, living room with sofa tv internet et phone calls free,washing machine perfect for couples.
21964		Chambre confortable dans appartement de 50m2 au coeur du Quartier Latin accueille une personne.  Très central et accessible vélib, autolib, bus, métro  Wifi, supermarché, innombrables activités culturelles parisiennes accès à la chambre privée, cuisine et salles d'eau, ainsi qu'au séjour Je pourrais vous orienter et échanger avec vous sur les lieux de sorties, les activités parisiennes (Tarif week-end vendredi et samedi 55€)
21965	"Completely renovated studio in the centre of Paris, in the Montorgueil neighborhood and the Latin Quarter. 15min walk from the Pantheon,Jardins du Luxembourg, Saint Michel and Notre Dame.  The studio is fully furnished, with a sofa bed, TV, DVD player, HiFi, dressing and breakfast table. The studio also has an equipped kitchen (cooking pots, fridge, electrical kettle, oven, microwave, nespresso machine, etc) and a bathroom with an italian shower. It is located on the 5th floor in a typical Parisian building. The studio is next to ‘ rue Mouffetard ’, a beautiful pedestrian street renowned for its food markets, its restaurants, and its historical aspects. The area is the heart of Paris, less than 5mins away from 3 metro lines, less than 20mins walk to a bunch of activities and attractions, and situated within a village-like area full of bars, restaurants, bakers, wine shops, etc. The studio is less than 15 mins walk to "" The Pantheon "", "" The Jardins du Luxembourg"", ""The Manufacture des "	"Completely renovated studio in the centre of Paris, in the Montorgueil neighborhood and the Latin Quarter. 15min walk from the Pantheon,Jardins du Luxembourg, Saint Michel and Notre Dame.  The studio is fully furnished, with a sofa bed, TV, DVD player, HiFi, dressing and breakfast table. The studio also has an equipped kitchen (cooking pots, fridge, electrical kettle, oven, microwave, nespresso machine, etc) and a bathroom with an italian shower. It is located on the 5th floor in a typical Parisian building. The studio is next to ‘ rue Mouffetard ’, a beautiful pedestrian street renowned for its food markets, its restaurants, and its historical aspects. The area is the heart of Paris, less than 5mins away from 3 metro lines, less than 20mins walk to a bunch of activities and attractions, and situated within a village-like area full of bars, restaurants, bakers, wine shops, etc. The studio is less than 15 mins walk to "" The Pantheon "", "" The Jardins du Luxembourg"", ""The Manufacture des "
21966	"At the gates of the ""Quartier Latin"", small views of the Eiffel Tower from the kitchen and the ""Sacré Coeur"" from the bathroom, close to many metro lines. Apartment very illuminated, the top floor. Access to the kitchen fully equipped with large refrigerator, kitchen, 2 ovens (gas and electric), washing machine, dryer, wardrobe space, 2 beds of two places : one in the private room and a wide and very confortable convertible sofa in the living room (there are separated rooms). Wireless internet access. There is also an electric piano. in the living room."	"Very nice apartment 50m ^ 2 well lit, fully equipped close to public transport in the center of Paris with a small view of the Eiffel Tower. Possibility of rent only a private room (max. 2 persons) or whole apartment (max. 4 people). At the gates of the ""Quartier Latin"", small views of the Eiffel Tower from the kitchen and the ""Sacré Coeur"" from the bathroom, close to many metro lines. Apartment very illuminated, the top floor. Access to the kitchen fully equipped with large refrigerator, kitchen, 2 ovens (gas and electric), washing machine, dryer, wardrobe space, 2 beds of two places : one in the private room and a wide and very confortable convertible sofa in the living room (there are separated rooms). Wireless internet access. There is also an electric piano. in the living room. There is a Gym at the entrance of the building in which you can take one free entrance. Reception, tourist information and transportation. I speak Italian, Spanish, English and French! Quiet neighborhood at"
21967	Nice place in Paris near  two railways stations - very close from metro stations  -  Grocery, baker, weekly market and several   restaurants in the vicinity.  Nice dwelling  for two adults and two children  or two couples. Lift.  	2 rooms in the center of Paris -  large bed 2 pers  and 2 pers foldind canape in living room.  All modern comfort with  shower/ toilet room and fully equiped (website hidden).  WIFI connection.   .   Nice place in Paris near  two railways stations - very close from metro stations  -  Grocery, baker, weekly market and several   restaurants in the vicinity.  Nice dwelling  for two adults and two children  or two couples. Lift.  All (website hidden)- Telephone -  WIFI.  Very close from the heart of the city. Good underground  relations.  Large public garden called Jardin des Plantes - in the vicinity.  Vicinity of metro and RER stations and important railways stations ( gare de Lyon and gar d'Austerlitz) -  Numerous  groceries, bakers, pharmacies, restaurants of all kinds.  
21968	Loft de 100 m²  avec 3,50 m de hauteur sous plafond. . Véritable espace ouvert: cuisine américaine équipée, salon avec 2 canapés, salle à manger. Une chambre avec un lit double (160/190 ) et sa salle de bain attenante. Sous la verrière, un espace couchage avec un lit simple (90/190), lumière zénithale, pas de possibilité de faire l’obscurité . WC à part. La capacité d’accueil est de 3 personnes. Cet appartement - Loft sera apprécié des amoureux des grands espaces peu courant à Paris, très central pour visiter la capitale.	Loft de 100 m²  avec 3,50 m de hauteur sous plafond. . Véritable espace ouvert: cuisine américaine équipée, salon avec 2 canapés, salle à manger. Une chambre avec un lit double (160/190 ) et sa salle de bain attenante. Sous la verrière, un espace couchage avec un lit simple (90/190), lumière zénithale, pas de possibilité de faire l’obscurité . WC à part. La capacité d’accueil est de 3 personnes. Cet appartement - Loft sera apprécié des amoureux des grands espaces peu courant à Paris, très central pour visiter la capitale. Vous aurez la jouissance de la surface des 100 m².Il est interdit de faire des fêtes et de recevoir plus de personnes que prévue. Je ne serais pas présente dans l’appartement mais je serai dans un appartement à côté.  Je suis là pour vous accueillir et vous présenter l'appartement ainsi que pour votre départs. Je suis dans un quartier très central pour découvrir Paris : le quartier de Mouffetard à 2 pas de la Contrescarpe et du Jardin des Plantes. A côté des facultés 
21969	Très bien situé notre appartement, typiquement parisien a un charme unique: peinture en trompe l'oeil d'origine, balcon, cheminée, piano à queue, décoration  stylée.	Vivez une expérience unique dans un appartement de luxe (90 m2) et de charme authentique, au deuxième étage (avec ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble Hausmanien situé juste à la sortie du métro Les  Gobelins, dans un quartier privilégié et recherché. Très bien situé notre appartement, typiquement parisien a un charme unique: peinture en trompe l'oeil d'origine, balcon, cheminée, piano à queue, décoration  stylée. Vous disposerez : - de deux chambres chacune avec lit double et salle de bains complète (douche, WC, lavabo). Dans une des chambre, accessible par une échelle il y a un lit supplémentaire en mezzanine. Ces deux chambres sont au calme sur jardin.  - d'une entrée, d'un salon et d'une salle à manger  - d'une cuisine design  entièrement équipée à neuf  Vous serez reçus par les propriétaires, parisiens de toujours et maintenant spécialistes de l'accueil d'hôtes grâce à leur expérience de bed & breakfast depuis quatre ans. Vous pouvez voir leur site ((website hidden)) et découvrir les comm
21970	Stunning STRICTLY SMOKE FREE one penthouse bedroom duplex apartment completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and paintings, living room + separate bedroom, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen, washer-dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, real sofa bed, facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine river. AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. It's a 3rd floor penthouse walk in, no lift, as the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc.. All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk all around and visit the city, but also take the subway (Metro Saint-Michel) or the bus, or the bicycle rentals nearby. Waking up in front of Notre Dame and the 	Stunning duplex penthouse in perfect condition, decorated with antique furniture and paintings, like a house in the sky, facing the jewel of the cathedrals, NOTRE DAME. Stunning STRICTLY SMOKE FREE one penthouse bedroom duplex apartment completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and paintings, living room + separate bedroom, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen, washer-dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, real sofa bed, facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine river. AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. It's a 3rd floor penthouse walk in, no lift, as the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc.. All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You c
21971	Our appartment is very well located with a terasse. We have two bedrooms a fuly furnished kitchen and have been living in this wonderful place since june of 2013. We would love to allow tourists to understand what it feels like to live right next to the pantheon  This place is perfect for a couple or for a family as there are two separated bedrooms.  Our appartment is perfectly located. We live right accross the pantheon, 5 minutes by feet from notre dame de paris, 5 minutes from the seine, and 10 minutes from the Luxembourg garden. Also, we live 5 minutes from rue mouffetard, which is very popular for its restaurants and its animation (but very family friendly as well). The subway and the supermarket are right under our flat (line 10 and line 7) and there is a bus going in our street (line 47)	We welcome you in our 60m2 apartment located 5 minutes by walk from Panthéon, Rue mouffetard and Notre dame de Paris cathedral.  The place is fully equipped as we live in it and we are sure that you will enjoy being parisian here. Our appartment is very well located with a terasse. We have two bedrooms a fuly furnished kitchen and have been living in this wonderful place since june of 2013. We would love to allow tourists to understand what it feels like to live right next to the pantheon  This place is perfect for a couple or for a family as there are two separated bedrooms.  Our appartment is perfectly located. We live right accross the pantheon, 5 minutes by feet from notre dame de paris, 5 minutes from the seine, and 10 minutes from the Luxembourg garden. Also, we live 5 minutes from rue mouffetard, which is very popular for its restaurants and its animation (but very family friendly as well). The subway and the supermarket are right under our flat (line 10 and line 7) and there is
21972	Upstairs you will find a double bed which looks out on to a large window, and a bathroom with a bath/shower. Downstairs there is a double sofa bed, kitchen with induction stove, microwave and washing machine, TV with many cable channels and a dining room in an atrium.	55m2 duplex with a small outdoor area in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Upstairs you will find a double bed which looks out on to a large window, and a bathroom with a bath/shower. Downstairs there is a double sofa bed, kitchen with induction stove, microwave and washing machine, TV with many cable channels and a dining room in an atrium. Situated in an ancient, picturesque pedestrian street, this apartment is located at the back of the courtyard, meaning that it is blissfully calm and quiet while stepping out onto the street you will find a lively scene of cafés, restaurants and wine bars. The apartment is within 15-20 minutes walk of top attractions such as Notre Dame, the Luxembourg Gardens, the Marais and much more, and is a few minutes away on foot from Place Monge metro which can connect you to all of Paris. We are big fans of dining out in Paris, cocktail bars and visiting all types of museums so would only be too happy to give you any tips you are looking for, including some l
21973	au cœur historique de Paris, sur la rue Mouffetard, ce studio cosy vous attend! Après une entrée comportant un grand placard avec miroirs, vous arrivez dans la salle, lumineuse : le canapé lit est un véritable lit confortable et vous aurez un accès internet. Puis la cuisine ensoleillée, équipée de plaques électriques, un micro onde, une cafetière électrique, un grille- pain (et tout ce qu'il faut!). Enfin la salle de bain indépendante avec douche et toilettes.  Situé au 3ème et dernier étage, ce studio est donc sous les combles et mansardé. Cela donne de beaux volumes et de véritables poutres apparentes. Le quartier est calme : les voitures n'y accèdent quasiment pas; on circule à pied dans les rues du Paris ancien, comme dans un village. Vous trouverez au pied de l'immeuble tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour un séjour agréable : alimentation, cinémas, restaurants, bars et pubs, librairies, bowling, piscine, galeries, shopping. Vous serez tout près du Jardin des Plantes (5 min à pied),	au cœur historique de Paris, sur la rue Mouffetard, ce studio cosy vous attend! Après une entrée comportant un grand placard avec miroirs, vous arrivez dans la salle, lumineuse : le canapé lit est un véritable lit confortable et vous aurez un accès internet. Puis la cuisine ensoleillée, équipée de plaques électriques, un micro onde, une cafetière électrique, un grille- pain (et tout ce qu'il faut!). Enfin la salle de bain indépendante avec douche et toilettes.  Situé au 3ème et dernier étage, ce studio est donc sous les combles et mansardé. Cela donne de beaux volumes et de véritables poutres apparentes. Le quartier est calme : les voitures n'y accèdent quasiment pas; on circule à pied dans les rues du Paris ancien, comme dans un village. Vous trouverez au pied de l'immeuble tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour un séjour agréable : alimentation, cinémas, restaurants, bars et pubs, librairies, bowling, piscine, galeries, shopping. Vous serez tout près du Jardin des Plantes (5 min à pied),
21974	Ideal Location, traditional style and easy to visit the historical centre, wood parquet, old stone wall. The studio has been totally refurbished recently and has modern and comfortable equipment . The studio is 33 square meter with separate bathroom and separate lavatory. Possibility to host maximum 4 persons , on main bed and one additional sofa bed	Ideally located to visit Paris, walking distance from the most historical attraction of the city. Our studio is comfortable
21975	the area and the charm of ancient flat.	Very cenral and charming charming rustique appartment in the very heart of the city: 30 meters to Jardin des Plantes, 500 meters Ile ST louis and Notre Dame, famous Mouffatard , Arenes de Lutece... The flat is like a little house,own door out. the area and the charm of ancient flat. It is a very quiet place, with a fantastic area : Ile St Louis, Panthéon, St germain, jardin des plantes et notre-dame -de-paris. The flat is like alittle house with his own entrance on groundfloor. Photos shows you the ensemble. bus, metro (10 or 7), velib. Yes, you can smoke!
21976	Ideally located at walking distance to the Seine River, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Rue Mouffetard, La Sorbonne, The Pantheon, The Moorish Baths and the Jardin des Plantes. In the 5th arrondissement, in the very centre of Paris, this lovely designed flat is the place to stay in for Paris Left Bank lovers.  The flat is surrounded by nice restaurants, shops, cafés, live music bars, open air markets, in a safe area of Paris, not far from the sightseeing spots without being in the middle of the touristy crowd. The flat is on the 3rd floor (4th american)  with lift (elevator) of a typically Haussmannian building dating from the 19th century. It's bright, sunny and quiet with a charming open view on the roofs of Paris and a stone-paved courtyard planted with trees. It has been renovated into a mix of contemporary design (kitchen, bathroom, double glazing) whilst keeping the traditional details of the Parisian charm (oak wooden floors, high ceilings, a marble fireplace). Sleep up to 4 people:  	Ideally located in the 5th, close to the Seine River, Notre Dame, Rue Mouffetard, Sorbonne, Pantheon, The Moorish Baths, the Jardin des Plantes. Contemporary design in a classical building. Elevator. The place to be for Left Bank lovers ! Ideally located at walking distance to the Seine River, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Rue Mouffetard, La Sorbonne, The Pantheon, The Moorish Baths and the Jardin des Plantes. In the 5th arrondissement, in the very centre of Paris, this lovely designed flat is the place to stay in for Paris Left Bank lovers.  The flat is surrounded by nice restaurants, shops, cafés, live music bars, open air markets, in a safe area of Paris, not far from the sightseeing spots without being in the middle of the touristy crowd. The flat is on the 3rd floor (4th american)  with lift (elevator) of a typically Haussmannian building dating from the 19th century. It's bright, sunny and quiet with a charming open view on the roofs of Paris and a stone-paved courtyard planted with 
21977	"Paris apartment of 45 m2 composed of a large living room with a view over the roofs of Paris. There is room for an additional person is possible in the sofabed. The bedroom is in a mezzanine. The kitchen is separate. It is small but fully equipped. The bathroom has a bath-tub. To summarize, this apartment to rent in Paris is very well located on the ""Rue Mouffetard"" and constitutes an excellent ""pied à terre"" from which to discover the city."	"La Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris’ historical streets a few steps away from the famous Place de la Contrescarpe, a mere 100 meters from the Panthéon. From your Paris rental apartment it is an easy walk to Notre Dame, the Boulevard Saint Germain... Paris apartment of 45 m2 composed of a large living room with a view over the roofs of Paris. There is room for an additional person is possible in the sofabed. The bedroom is in a mezzanine. The kitchen is separate. It is small but fully equipped. The bathroom has a bath-tub. To summarize, this apartment to rent in Paris is very well located on the ""Rue Mouffetard"" and constitutes an excellent ""pied à terre"" from which to discover the city. Location : La Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris’ historical streets a few steps away from the famous Place de la Contrescarpe, a mere 100 meters from the Panthéon. From your Paris rental apartment it is an easy walk to Notre Dame, the Boulevard Saint Germain, the Boulevard Saint-Michel, La Sorbonne, and the "
21978	Location au cœur de Paris : 2 pièces, 4 personnes, 26 m2,  immeuble du 18eme siècle, quartier animé, à 100 mètres de la Cathédrale Notre Dame et de la place Saint Michel, à 50 m de la Seine, au centre du quartier (website hidden) piétonne du Paris historique.  10 mm à pieds du Louvre et des principaux musées. Le Parc Disney est à 30 mn par ligne direct RER située à 100 m de l'appartement.  Entièrement équipé : Ecran plat, plaque de cuisson, four, réfrigérateur avec congélation, cafetière, machine  expresso, Grille-pain, Bouilloire, Fer à repasser, Table à repasser, Sèche-cheveux, Aspirateur, chauffage, machine a laver sèche-linge chaîne Hifi, câble / satellite, DVD, Wifi illimité fourni Draps, serviettes de toilettes fournis, peignoirs gardien / concierge.  	Au cœur de Paris : quartier animé, à 100 m de la Cathédrale Notre Dame et de la place Saint Michel, à 50 m de la Seine, au centre du quartier (website hidden) piétonne du Paris historique.  10 mm à pieds du Louvre et des principaux musées. Location au cœur de Paris : 2 pièces, 4 personnes, 26 m2,  immeuble du 18eme siècle, quartier animé, à 100 mètres de la Cathédrale Notre Dame et de la place Saint Michel, à 50 m de la Seine, au centre du quartier (website hidden) piétonne du Paris historique.  10 mm à pieds du Louvre et des principaux musées. Le Parc Disney est à 30 mn par ligne direct RER située à 100 m de l'appartement.  Entièrement équipé : Ecran plat, plaque de cuisson, four, réfrigérateur avec congélation, cafetière, machine  expresso, Grille-pain, Bouilloire, Fer à repasser, Table à repasser, Sèche-cheveux, Aspirateur, chauffage, machine a laver sèche-linge chaîne Hifi, câble / satellite, DVD, Wifi illimité fourni Draps, serviettes de toilettes fournis, peignoirs gardien / conc
21979	The apartment is located in an historic area and old building, yet has been entirely renovated and decorated and is fitted with modern appliances, 100 Mps fiber internet and cable TV.  It is a perfect romantic hideway in the heart of Paris, or can be used for a family with two kids on a Paris trip. 	On the first floor of an old building in one of the Latin Quarter’s most vibrant streets, the renovated apartment has a wonderful private garden with no views in. It has a double bedroom and the lounge area has one sleeping couch than can sleep two.  The apartment is located in an historic area and old building, yet has been entirely renovated and decorated and is fitted with modern appliances, 100 Mps fiber internet and cable TV.  It is a perfect romantic hideway in the heart of Paris, or can be used for a family with two kids on a Paris trip.  Guests can enjoy the garden and all areas of the appartment. The guests are handled by a professional service with the highest standards for checking in and checking out. The neighboorhood is one of Paris more vibrant and is extremely active at night, and near all key Paris attractions (a few minutes walk from Notre Dame or the Musée d'Orsay. Very centrally located, the appartment is one minute away from the subway and has many bus connections.
21980		Chambre située dans le 5eme à Paris, au pied du métro, spacieuse, avec un lit deux places, lumineuse, et agréable. Salle de bain, et cuisine disponible. 
21981	Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by two coded-doors. This beautiful 50 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom. The entrance directly gives on the main room organized in several areas. The living-room has a sofabed (with a comfortable mattress for two people 140×200) and an coffee table. The dining-room area features a table that can accommodate four people. The equipped kitchen is open on this main room, but separated from it with a counter. A small corridor leads to the bedroom. It is very comfortable with a queen size bed (160×200), a desk and a spacious dressing where you will be able to store your clothes and luggages. The bathroom is accessible from the corridor. It has a beautiful walk-in shower where you can sit if you need, a washbasin and a toilet. This apartment is luminous thanks to its many windows. It has been recently renovated. The pieces of furniture, the paintings, the sculptures and other art pieces have been chosen with much 	We love this 1-bedroom 50 sqm apartment located in the Latin Quarter, between the Panthéon and Mouffetard Street. Comfortable, luminous, furnished with nothing but beautiful pieces carefully chosen. Perfect for a couple ! Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by two coded-doors. This beautiful 50 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom. The entrance directly gives on the main room organized in several areas. The living-room has a sofabed (with a comfortable mattress for two people 140×200) and an coffee table. The dining-room area features a table that can accommodate four people. The equipped kitchen is open on this main room, but separated from it with a counter. A small corridor leads to the bedroom. It is very comfortable with a queen size bed (160×200), a desk and a spacious dressing where you will be able to store your clothes and luggages. The bathroom is accessible from the corridor. It has a beautiful walk-in shower where you can sit if you 
21982		Bright bed room with queen size bed and office corner. Separate kitchen, fully fitted, with table and 2 chairs. Living with sofa bed and cable TV. French windows showing to the park. Located in quiet one-way side street. WiFi. Bedding, sheets, towels
21983		Adorable 2 pièces de 38m2 au coeur du 5ème, près des arènes de Lutèce, de la rue Mouffetard et à 10 min. à pied de Notre-Dame. Chambre à coucher spacieuse avec lit 2 places comfortable.Salon avec canapé-lit comfortable. Cuisine et salle de bain. Entre Métro Cardinal Lemoine (ligne 10) et Jussieu (ligne 7) 6ème étage sans ascenseur.
21984	The amount of light and the calm. 	Our cosy apartment is in a neighborhood that has a village-like feel. Our place is calm, full of light and a 4 minute walk from the historic Luxembourg gardens with a hint of the Eiffel Tower's light at night. Amenities include: wifi, Apple TV, Netflix, Miele washer/dryer combo.  The amount of light and the calm.  4 bikes, Wifi, AppleTV,HuluPlus,Miele washer/Dryer Neighbor and Me via phone  Calm, clean, friendly, great restaurants, Luxembourg Gardens, great transport.  Numerous bus lines 82 (Eiffel Tower) RER B (CDG airport) Buses 21&27 Louvre
21985	The 1 Bedroom Apartment of 37m2, is Perfect to accommodate 4 guests easily ! Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17 th century, on the 3rd floor of the building C, with Elevator, the door in front of the elevator The apartment is Clean, Luminous with 3 Windows overlooking the very Quiet Courtyard. The 1 Bedroom Apartment is newly renovated, so you can appreciate the modern Open Kitchen and the New Bathroom, and we manage to keep the exposed beams which is typical of this kind of old building. In the LIVING ROOM you have a Convertible Sofa for 2 very Comfortable like a real bed, a coffee table, a tv, a convertible DINING Table and chairs. The KITCHEN is Fully Equipped with Fridge, Microwave Stove, Cooker Hood, boiler, coffee machine, toaster, Washing machine In the BEDROOM, there is a Big Double Bed and a TV. The BATHROOM is in the bedroom with Shower and wc. And above the bathroom there is a MEZZANINE with 1 double mattress on the floor.	LOCATION Quartier Latin : Between “Quai Saint Michel”, “Boulevard Saint Germain”, Rue Saint Jacques and Boulevard Saint Michel. ACCESS TO TOURISM SITES    By Foot : 1 minute to Hop On Hop Off 3 minutes from the metro and RER Saint Michel. 5 minutes f The 1 Bedroom Apartment of 37m2, is Perfect to accommodate 4 guests easily ! Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17 th century, on the 3rd floor of the building C, with Elevator, the door in front of the elevator The apartment is Clean, Luminous with 3 Windows overlooking the very Quiet Courtyard. The 1 Bedroom Apartment is newly renovated, so you can appreciate the modern Open Kitchen and the New Bathroom, and we manage to keep the exposed beams which is typical of this kind of old building. In the LIVING ROOM you have a Convertible Sofa for 2 very Comfortable like a real bed, a coffee table, a tv, a convertible DINING Table and chairs. The KITCHEN is Fully Equipped with Fridge, Microwave S
21986	- Very clean and tidy apartment  - Comfortable and spacious  - Very quiet and peaceful (apartment is on courtyard) - Independant kitchen (fully equiped) - Double bed for guests (extra mattress for a child if needed) - Separate living room - Sheets and towels provided for the guests - Ideal for people visiting Paris	Located in the famous Latin Quarter of Paris, by rue Mouffetard. Beautiful apartment spacious and comfortable.  Quiet and peaceful. Immediate metro and bus station, just next to Starbucks. Friendly neighborhood with authentic parisian market. - Very clean and tidy apartment  - Comfortable and spacious  - Very quiet and peaceful (apartment is on courtyard) - Independant kitchen (fully equiped) - Double bed for guests (extra mattress for a child if needed) - Separate living room - Sheets and towels provided for the guests - Ideal for people visiting Paris - cleaner comes before each arrival - full apartment - internet access - fully equiped kitchen - non smoking apartment - Very easy going - I am present at the apartment to welcome the guests and show them around the place - Reachable and available if needed Very typical Parisian area of Paris with local market, groceries, nice little restaurants, and Starbucks ! Friendly and quiet area. Safe and family neighborhood. Walking distance fro
21987	Very unique view on a garden - in the middle of the Quartier Latin	Very unique view on a garden - in the middle of the Quartier Latin Very active neighbourhood with the university, the shops and the access to maginifcient Jardin des plantes Easy access through Metro line 7 and 10
21988		"Cosy renovated studio (30m2), ideal for a weekend getaway or a week to discover Paris. Nicely furnished. Located in a quiet area, near the metro, tram, many restaurants, bars and amazing places to go out. Located opposite ""le jardin des plantes""."
21989	This beautiful appartement is located on the 5th floor of an ancient building (XIXth century) in the centre of Paris V, close to the Pantheon and the Luxembourg Park. It has one bedroom, one living room with a convertible couch, one dining room, one separated kitchen, one bathroom and one separated toilet. The flat is 40 sm and opens on a beautiful balcony, with views on Paris and on Hemingway's house who used to live right in front. Descartes was also living a few meters away. There is not lift in the building but this is not an issue. I provide luggage service upon arrival and departure and all supermarkets do free home delivery. The district is lively and full of restaurants and cafes, while my street is pedestrian and very calm.	Come and enjoy the charm of this three rooms appartment located in  the 5th district of Paris, with its big sunny balcony and its two light bedrooms !
21990	Very calm, clean and bright. Ancient wood floor. High ceiling.	Nice 2 rooms very calm and clean, at the first floor. Near from shops. Very calm, clean and bright. Ancient wood floor. High ceiling. You will have access to everything, except the wardrobe and the chest of drawers in the sleeping room which will be locked. We leave a shelf and a table in the room that you will be able to use. The wash machine is not accessible, but you have a self service laundry in front of the building. If you have any questions during your stay, we will always be reachable by phone. And someone in Paris will be able to come in case of needs. The apartment is close to all the necessary public transports. There is a direct bus from Montparnasse Station and Gare de Lyon Station, the bus 91. Step out at station « Les Gobelins »  The metro line nr 7, which is at 5 minutes walk  (station « Censier-Daubenton » or « Les Gobelins »), takes you in 10 min to the city center.
21991	A calm apartment in the heart of Quartier Latin, a perfect base for exciting exploration of the surroundings and Paris. I can advise you on museums, fine restaurants and beautiful places in Paris!  The convertible is in the living room and is large enough for 2 persons to sleep comfortably. The apartment is on the first floor (above ground floor), and there is an elevator.	Two people can enjoy this quiet place, ideally located in the Latin Quarter. By foot, it is a few seconds from rue Mouffetard and métro Censier (line 7), and a few minutes from Luxembourg. The building is facing Saint Médard church. A calm apartment in the heart of Quartier Latin, a perfect base for exciting exploration of the surroundings and Paris. I can advise you on museums, fine restaurants and beautiful places in Paris!  The convertible is in the living room and is large enough for 2 persons to sleep comfortably. The apartment is on the first floor (above ground floor), and there is an elevator. You'll be able to connect to the wifi (right now ADSL, fiber coming soon!), cook and use the washing machine if you want. Last but not least, you are welcome to ask me for suggestions for fine restaurants and intersting museums! Also let me know if you wish towels, I can definitely provide some for you It really depends on my schedule in the lab. I will definitely spend time with you if y
21992	Located in Paris 5 (Quartier latin), just beside Jardin des Plantes & Seine. Opposite to Gare d'Austerlitz (metro 5, 10 and RER C) and near to gare de Lyon. Close to all tourist places. It's on the 3rd floor with Lift! Studio with a single bed (linens  are provided).  Refundable DEPOSIT 300 € required for the KEY. Kitchen is equipped with electric stove, refrigerator, mini oven, tea maker. Internet and hair dryer available.  Many cafes, restaurants and a super market are just down of building.	"Located in Paris 5 (Quartier latin), just beside Jardin des Plantes & Seine. Opposite to Gare d'Austerlitz (metro 5, 10 and RER C) and near to gare de Lyon. Close to all tourist places. It's on the 3rd floor with Lift! Studio with a single bed (linens  are provided).  Refundable DEPOSIT 300 € required for the KEY. Kitchen is equipped with electric stove, refrigerator, mini oven, tea maker. Internet and hair dryer available.  Many cafes, restaurants and a super market are just down of building. All cooking stuff are there so you can enjoy cooking at my place! I give you the key and won't be home while you stay! I would be happy to help u with any information or instruction that you might need to enjoy your stay in Paris! Walking distance to Notre dames de Paris Close by, there's another famous street (rue Mouffetard), I suggest you to go one eve! From CDG get the RER B. At station ""saint michel notre dames"" change to RER C till gare d'austerlitz! "
21993	Bel appartement familial confortable pour 7 personnes, situé au pied du Panthéon. Vous retrouverez le charme unique des intérieurs parisiens, parquet, moulures, volets intérieurs et aussi des peintures en trompe l’œil dans toutes les pièces. L’appartement est traversant,  le salon, salle à manger et cuisine donnent sur la rue Soufflot, (belles vues dégagées sur la place du Panthéon ). La façade de l'immeuble 18ème comporte de belles statues et bustes en pierre. Les 4 chambres et salles de bains donnent sur une cour intérieure fleurie et arborée, les fenêtres des chambres donnent toute sur la verdure. L’appartement est très calme, toutes les fenêtres ont un double vitrage. Le salon contient deux grands canapés confortables, de nombreux fauteuils, une bibliothèque, une télévision avec des chaînes internationales. Vous bénéficiez d’un accès internet haut débit en wifi gratuit. Dans la salle à manger, une table et des chaises, une banquette qui est aussi un lit confortable pour 1 personne 	Bel appartement familial confortable pour 7 personnes, situé au pied du Panthéon. Vous retrouverez le charme unique des intérieurs parisiens, parquet, moulures, volets intérieurs et aussi des peintures en trompe l’œil dans toutes les pièces. L’appartement est traversant,  le salon, salle à manger et cuisine donnent sur la rue Soufflot, (belles vues dégagées sur la place du Panthéon ). La façade de l'immeuble 18ème comporte de belles statues et bustes en pierre. Les 4 chambres et salles de bains donnent sur une cour intérieure fleurie et arborée, les fenêtres des chambres donnent toute sur la verdure. L’appartement est très calme, toutes les fenêtres ont un double vitrage. Le salon contient deux grands canapés confortables, de nombreux fauteuils, une bibliothèque, une télévision avec des chaînes internationales. Vous bénéficiez d’un accès internet haut débit en wifi gratuit. Dans la salle à manger, une table et des chaises, une banquette qui est aussi un lit confortable pour 1 personne 
21994	25m2 studio in a well secured residence. Rich neighbors very close to touristic and night life areas :) Placed in 5eme center of Paris. Everything is close and very easy to enjoy your moment in Paris	In rich and tourist 5th district. Apartment (Residence) has 5 security systems in a very nice modern building. Very close to Châtelet, Luxembourg, Odeon, Orsay, Louvre, Opera, Everything you need is equipped ! Just bring your toothbrush :^) 25m2 studio in a well secured residence. Rich neighbors very close to touristic and night life areas :) Placed in 5eme center of Paris. Everything is close and very easy to enjoy your moment in Paris Metro is 2 mins a way line 7 Censier-Daubenton and Les Gobelins So many busses, even easier to walk to Luxembourg, Pantheon, Louvre
21995	Ce très joli appartement de 40 mètres carres se compose d'un double séjour et d'une chambre ouvrant sur un magnifique balcon filant. Cuisine séparée, salle de bain, toilette séparé. This beautiful 40 s.m. flat has one bedroom, one living room and one dining room open on a long sunny balcony. Separated kitchen, bathroom, separated toilet. L'appartement est très calme et très lumineux. Il a été rénové dans un style sobre. The flat is very calm and light. It was renovated in 2014 in a sobre style.  Le fait qu'il n'y ait pas d'ascenseur, comme dans la majorité des immeubles anciens du quartier, ne présente pas de difficultés. Je peux vous aider à montrer les bagages des voyageurs à l'arrivée et au départ et tous les supermarchés du quartier livrent gratuitement les courses à domicile. The flat is located on the 5th floor and has no lift, as many old buildings of the district. This is not an issue as I can help taking up luggage upon arrival and all supermarkets around provide free home del	Profitez du calme de ce bel appartement lumineux dans le 5ème et de son balcon filant avec vue sur les toits ! Quatre personnes peuvent vivre ici. Enjoy this light and calm flat located in the 5th, with its balcony and its views ! For up to 4 people. Ce très joli appartement de 40 mètres carres se compose d'un double séjour et d'une chambre ouvrant sur un magnifique balcon filant. Cuisine séparée, salle de bain, toilette séparé. This beautiful 40 s.m. flat has one bedroom, one living room and one dining room open on a long sunny balcony. Separated kitchen, bathroom, separated toilet. L'appartement est très calme et très lumineux. Il a été rénové dans un style sobre. The flat is very calm and light. It was renovated in 2014 in a sobre style.  Le fait qu'il n'y ait pas d'ascenseur, comme dans la majorité des immeubles anciens du quartier, ne présente pas de difficultés. Je peux vous aider à montrer les bagages des voyageurs à l'arrivée et au départ et tous les supermarchés du quartier li
21996	A 2 pas du Panthéon, entre le Luxembourg et le jardin des Plantes, petit 2 P façon studio (27 m2) composé d'une pièce servant de chambre ou de salon, l'autre pièce étant utilisée pour  la cuisine américaine et le coin repas... Exposition sud, vue sur place de la Contrescarpe,  jouxtant le lycée Henri IV et la rue Mouffetard (piscine du lycée Henri IV dans la même rue, à 50 mètres). Soleil, double-vitrage, au 3° ét (2 étages et demi en fait) sans ascenseur.  Immeuble de charme du quartier latin dont l'enceinte de Philippe Auguste... ceinture les caves ! (Attention, la hauteur sous plafond n'est pas très haute : 2,10 m...appartement non recommandé aux basketteurs !). Locations au mois, au trimestre (si résidence non principale) ou à l'année (si résidence principale) possibles. 	2 P 27 m2 au 3°étage sans ascenseur, à 100 m du lycée Henri IV, du Panthéon et de la place de la Contrescarpe. Entrée avec cuisine américaine + une pièce servant de salon ou chambre avec  clic-clac 2 pers. (Bultex).SDB. Coloc impossible (sauf couple) A 2 pas du Panthéon, entre le Luxembourg et le jardin des Plantes, petit 2 P façon studio (27 m2) composé d'une pièce servant de chambre ou de salon, l'autre pièce étant utilisée pour  la cuisine américaine et le coin repas... Exposition sud, vue sur place de la Contrescarpe,  jouxtant le lycée Henri IV et la rue Mouffetard (piscine du lycée Henri IV dans la même rue, à 50 mètres). Soleil, double-vitrage, au 3° ét (2 étages et demi en fait) sans ascenseur.  Immeuble de charme du quartier latin dont l'enceinte de Philippe Auguste... ceinture les caves ! (Attention, la hauteur sous plafond n'est pas très haute : 2,10 m...appartement non recommandé aux basketteurs !). Locations au mois, au trimestre (si résidence non principale) ou à l'année 
21997	EXCELLENT EMPLACEMENT	2 pièces déco soignée, cuisine indépendante très  calme, étage élevé avec ascenseur, ensoleillé, immeuble haussmanien à 50 m place Monge. Accès à pied de nombreux sites touristiques, Notre Dame, Sorbonne, rue Mouffetard. Metro, bus, taxis, velib, autolib, commerces  à 50 m, jardin des plantes 100 m, bord de Seine 800m EXCELLENT EMPLACEMENT INTERNET WIFI RECEPTION PAR MOI MEME SUR PLACE COMMERCES RESTAURANTS MARCHE TRANSPORTS EN COMMUN JARDIN PUBLIC METRO
21998	~ Suny exposition, direct outside sight    ~ Apart from the touristic and student excitement, in a historic neighborhood that has preserved its inhabitants, shops and animation	"IN ONE OF THE MOST AUTHENTICAL AREAS OF PARIS, flat 2 rooms. It has too ""of big"" !  Separate bedroom of living room, Separete kitchen  where 2 persons can take a meal, a new bathroom.  ~ Suny exposition, direct outside sight    ~ Apart from the touristic and student excitement, in a historic neighborhood that has preserved its inhabitants, shops and animation ~ In a building of the seventeenth century (former convent) which has got character and which was revised ~ located last  floor and accessible by lift  from the 1st floor  ~ “The agency asked for my feedback on our experience staying at your lovely apartment, and so I wanted to share it with you as well.  By the way, I left a fresh new bottle of olive oil in the apartment as a small thank-you for being able use a bit of the cooking supplies that were there.  We enjoyed staying at the apartment for 10 nights and did not want to leave! Everything about the apartment was quite nice and just as depicted in the listing.  I was travelin"
21999	- 35 m² - One double bedroom - A living room with a convertible sofa for 2 persons - Open-plan kitchen Building is very clean and quiet, protected by two door codes so very safe. The flat is on the 7th (last floor)  which has some advantages  - stunning view on Paris - very quiet (no flat above you) BUT - no elevator The building is located in a charming and quiet paved street. You will find many shops, bars and restaurants around.	Located in Quartier Latin, the very heart of Paris (Sorbonne, Notre Dame, Luxembourg garden are at walking distance), cosy flat with stunning view on Paris. - 1 double bedroom + 1 convertible sofa in the living room - 35 m² - all equipped - 35 m² - One double bedroom - A living room with a convertible sofa for 2 persons - Open-plan kitchen Building is very clean and quiet, protected by two door codes so very safe. The flat is on the 7th (last floor)  which has some advantages  - stunning view on Paris - very quiet (no flat above you) BUT - no elevator The building is located in a charming and quiet paved street. You will find many shops, bars and restaurants around. I will personally welcome you upon your arrival to give you the keys, show you the flat and answer any question you might have. I will be reachable throughout your stay, should you have any question. Quartier Latin is the very heart of Paris, one of the oldest neighborhood of the city. It is very safe and a very lively neig
22000	The Apartment of 40 m² is well localited in an 'Haussmannien' Building. This charming apartment is fully furnished, with beautiful moulding, big mirror just above a Fireplace (but not working unfortunately). There is a separate bedroom with a bed for 2 people. The Bathroom is directly accessible from the Bedroom. It's quite small, but you'll find everything you need : Soap, Shampoo, Towels or Hairdryer. The toiletts are separate from the Bathroom. The living room is the attractive feature of the apartment. With 18 m², you'll spend lovely time. It ensure a cosy atmosphere for your stay : You will for sure, enjoy a lovely aperitif after a long day of Walking ! There are of course Wifi and TV.  The kitchen is also fully furnished. It's small but you'll find : Nespresso Machine, Hot Plate, Small Oven, Tea Machine and everyting needed for cooking.  The apartment is very quiet, the Bedroom is on the courtyard side. The Building is securised with Digicode and a watchman. We hope you'll feel l	The Apartment of 40 m² is well localited in an 'Haussmannien' Building. This charming apartment is fully furnished, with beautiful moulding, big mirror just above a Fireplace (but not working unfortunately). There is a separate bedroom with a bed for 2 people. The Bathroom is directly accessible from the Bedroom. It's quite small, but you'll find everything you need : Soap, Shampoo, Towels or Hairdryer. The toiletts are separate from the Bathroom. The living room is the attractive feature of the apartment. With 18 m², you'll spend lovely time. It ensure a cosy atmosphere for your stay : You will for sure, enjoy a lovely aperitif after a long day of Walking ! There are of course Wifi and TV.  The kitchen is also fully furnished. It's small but you'll find : Nespresso Machine, Hot Plate, Small Oven, Tea Machine and everyting needed for cooking.  The apartment is very quiet, the Bedroom is on the courtyard side. The Building is securised with Digicode and a watchman. We hope you'll feel l
22001	Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Situé dans une ruelle piétonne et typique, il est calme et lumineux. Le coeur du Quartier Latin bat au bout de la rue, avec la place de la Contrescarpe et ses bars, restaurants, animations. De l'autre côté la rue Monge et ses commerces de proximité vous offrent un choix infini. Et puis... Notre-Dame n'est qu'à 900 mètres...	"Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Situé dans une ruelle piétonne et typique, il est calme et lumineux. Le coeur du Quartier Latin bat au bout de la rue, avec la place de la Contrescarpe et ses bars, restaurants, animations. De l'autre côté la rue Monge et ses commerces de proximité vous offrent un choix infini. Et puis... Notre-Dame n'est qu'à 900 mètres... L'ensemble des équipements du logement est à la disposition de nos hôtes. Vous serez toujours accueillis par moi-même ou bien une personne qui prendra le temps de vous fournir toutes les informations dont vous avez besoin. Le Quartier Latin, plus ancien quartier de Paris, est depuis le Moyen-Age le quartier étudiant de Paris. Sur cette colline au coeur de la capitale, la Montagne Sainte-Geneviève, des dizaines d'écoles et d'universités (dont la Sorbonne) en font un lieu d'animation et d'échanges. Ce lieu unique détient deux records: le nombre au mètre carré de ""Prix Nobel"" et de cinémas d'art et d'essai. Deux stat"
22002		Wonderful 15m2 appartement in the mouffetard quarter (5th). Next to the mouffetard market, amazing authentic parisian bars and restaurants, the place St- Medard, and one minute away from the metro Censier-Daubenton (Line 7).
22003	"This very charming 65m ² duplex apartment two rooms, tastefully decorated, is located on 5th arrondissement in rue Lhomond on the 5 district, in a really quiet neighborhood in the Latin Quarter, next to the lively Rue Mouffetard and Its colorful daily market, cafes and restaurants.   It Is located on the ground floor in a building protected by a coded system.  The big living-room has a"" loft spirit"" with parquet floor and four very big windows overlooks a beautiful garden which was an ancient convent, full of light and very quiet. The living-room is divided in three parts : one side with a sofa and plasma tv, one side more intimate with a big bed and one side for lunch or dinner with a dinning table. On the first floor, the very cute children room has a bed for a big child and a baby bed.  The bathroom is separated from the toilets.  Fully equipped kitchen The IS, 4 induction plates, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, nespresso coffee maker and of course all the dishes and Necessary "	"It's the dream Parisian apartment in the dream location!Spacious, bright duplex apartment on quiet street with large lounge/dining area that opens with your own secret garden 5 minutes from Luxembourg garden. It's the ultimate getaway ! This very charming 65m ² duplex apartment two rooms, tastefully decorated, is located on 5th arrondissement in rue Lhomond on the 5 district, in a really quiet neighborhood in the Latin Quarter, next to the lively Rue Mouffetard and Its colorful daily market, cafes and restaurants.   It Is located on the ground floor in a building protected by a coded system.  The big living-room has a"" loft spirit"" with parquet floor and four very big windows overlooks a beautiful garden which was an ancient convent, full of light and very quiet. The living-room is divided in three parts : one side with a sofa and plasma tv, one side more intimate with a big bed and one side for lunch or dinner with a dinning table. On the first floor, the very cute children room has a"
22004	All comfort Inside the flat! Included Breakfast The flat is for 3 guests   Fully furnished includes 1 bedroom with double bed,  1 extra bed  foldable for guests,  1 bed for baby  1 living room with a huge sofa, NOT A BED ( 1.90 cm long) 1 open-plan kitchen,  1 huge wardrobe  1 modern bathroom with modern design Italian shower. Linen (sheets and towels) TV, Washing machine, dishwasher, hairdryer, ironing, Stereo,  - microwave  - fridge, freezer  - 2 Fans - all utensils for cooking . Heating in this apartment is provided by individual electric heaters in every room. Wireless Internet (WiFi) FREE  and unlimited   The flat is very central and in a safe area and you have all comfort inside . Restaurants, bars, bakery, supermarkets, pharmacies, banks are in corners  Many bus stations: (phone number hidden) And subway line  4, 10 , RER C and RER B . All public transport are close too  RER B - saint michel notre dame  (20 sc walk) line 4 - Saint michel (2min walk) line 10 - cluny la sorbonne (	"This is a typical Parisian apartment (At 5th floor with ELEVATOR)  in the heart of Paris in the Famous street ""RUE DE LA HUCHETTE"" Just a 2 minute walk from Notre-Dame Cathedral and is very close to the Seine River. Close to many attractions. All comfort Inside the flat! Included Breakfast The flat is for 3 guests   Fully furnished includes 1 bedroom with double bed,  1 extra bed  foldable for guests,  1 bed for baby  1 living room with a huge sofa, NOT A BED ( 1.90 cm long) 1 open-plan kitchen,  1 huge wardrobe  1 modern bathroom with modern design Italian shower. Linen (sheets and towels) TV, Washing machine, dishwasher, hairdryer, ironing, Stereo,  - microwave  - fridge, freezer  - 2 Fans - all utensils for cooking . Heating in this apartment is provided by individual electric heaters in every room. Wireless Internet (WiFi) FREE  and unlimited   The flat is very central and in a safe area and you have all comfort inside . Restaurants, bars, bakery, supermarkets, pharmacies, banks ar"
22005	All my airbnb guest told me that they have visited Paris without using subway because my flat is centrally located! Also it's well equipped to have a great time in Paris : Wifi access, TV, Sound System, dishwasher and there is a laundry on the ground floor of my building. The studio can host 2 persons , 3 ( i have an extra matters) I can meet the travellers to give the keys and answer their question. 	My studio apartment is located on Latin quarter of Paris, just 2 minutes walk of Notre Dame de Paris, the Seine river and the Pantheon. Also the subway is at 20 meters of my building. The district is one of the most touristic and lively of Paris. All my airbnb guest told me that they have visited Paris without using subway because my flat is centrally located! Also it's well equipped to have a great time in Paris : Wifi access, TV, Sound System, dishwasher and there is a laundry on the ground floor of my building. The studio can host 2 persons , 3 ( i have an extra matters) I can meet the travellers to give the keys and answer their question. Guest can use everything of my flat, animals are just not allowed. I can meet the travelers to their arrival to give the keys and answer their question. Latin quarter, Notre Dame , La Seine and Pantheon just in 2 minutes on foot! I love the artist spirit of my district , and also very lively : great restaurants and cafe ! 5 minutes on foot from RE
22006		Notre Dame de Paris à deux pas  Metro St Michel, Bus Ratp Sortie direct du RER par ascenseur, juste à coté de la rue 
22007	The studio is located on the famous rue St-Jacques, very close to the Pantheon, Sorbonne University, Lycée Louis le Grand, Lycée Henri IV, Luxembourg garden, rue mouffetard with its famous markets and restaurants, and a few minutes from the famous St Germain des Prés and not far from Notre Dames. The neighborhood is safe, residential and lively. You can find plenty of cafes and restaurants. You'll feel like a real Parisian in the heart of Paris.  Very close to RER Luxembourg (direct from CDG) and many buses.  The flat is protected by a digit code and there is a concierge. This 26 m2 studio has just been completely renovated with modern and white/grey furniture as a luxurious and big hotel suite. There is a comfortable sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a TV with DVD player, high-speed Internet WIFI, and a telephone with international calls mostly free. Bedding and towels provided. I am here for your arrival and I will explain everything regarding the studio and the neighborhood.  The 	Wonderful design renovated studio 26m2 in the heart of Paris 5 close to Pantheon, Sorbonne, Luxembourg garden and  St Germain des Prés. 2nd floor, equipped kitchen, comfortable sofa bed, Wifi. RER B and many buses. Close all shops. The studio is located on the famous rue St-Jacques, very close to the Pantheon, Sorbonne University, Lycée Louis le Grand, Lycée Henri IV, Luxembourg garden, rue mouffetard with its famous markets and restaurants, and a few minutes from the famous St Germain des Prés and not far from Notre Dames. The neighborhood is safe, residential and lively. You can find plenty of cafes and restaurants. You'll feel like a real Parisian in the heart of Paris.  Very close to RER Luxembourg (direct from CDG) and many buses.  The flat is protected by a digit code and there is a concierge. This 26 m2 studio has just been completely renovated with modern and white/grey furniture as a luxurious and big hotel suite. There is a comfortable sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a TV
22008	The apartment is on the 5th floor (no elevator) with a balcony opened on the bedroom and the living room through 2 large windows.  It is fully equipped with all modern amenities including a washing machine, a dishwasher, an oven, a cooktop, a family size fridge & freezer, an iron & ironing-table.   The bedroom has a comfortable queen-size bed and a mattress for one additional person. The bathroom has a full-size bathtub with shower.  Sufficient towels and linen are provided.	Pleasant 1 bedroom apartment of 40m2 nicely furnished. There is one double bed and one additional mattress in the bedroom. On the 5th floor (no elevator) with a nice balcony. Hardwood floors, fireplace and fully furnished kitchen. The apartment is on the 5th floor (no elevator) with a balcony opened on the bedroom and the living room through 2 large windows.  It is fully equipped with all modern amenities including a washing machine, a dishwasher, an oven, a cooktop, a family size fridge & freezer, an iron & ironing-table.   The bedroom has a comfortable queen-size bed and a mattress for one additional person. The bathroom has a full-size bathtub with shower.  Sufficient towels and linen are provided. The nearest metro station is Censier Daubenton on line 7. The other metro lines close to the apartment are lines 5, 6 & 10. They are all very practical to get to the center of Paris (Palais Royal, Musée du Louvre, Chatelet, the Marais, Opera). There are many buses stops near the apartment
22009	On the 2nd floor without elevator, this apartment is furnished and well organized, it includes a living room with sofa, dining table with three chairs , a bedroom with a double bed and a mezzanine, a fully equipped kitchen range (Microwave , Refrigerator freezer, induction hob , dishwasher, coffee maker , oven, kettle , teapot , toaster, ... ), a bathroom with shower washbasin, WC and hairdryer . The apartment has a TV. Bed linen and towels are provided. Ironing board and iron are available	On the 2nd floor without elevator, this apartment is furnished and well organized, it includes a living room with sofa, dining table with three chairs , a bedroom with a double bed and a mezzanine, a fully equipped kitchen range (Microwave , Refrigerator freezer, induction hob , dishwasher, coffee maker , oven, kettle , teapot , toaster, ... ), a bathroom with shower washbasin, WC and hairdryer . The apartment has a TV. Bed linen and towels are provided. Ironing board and iron are available I will welcome you at the apartment during your stay and I will be contacted by email and telephone. The building is typically Parisian and secure. The neighborhood is quiet , central and you will find everything you need nearby: restaurants, cafes, market, bakery , pharmacy ... And most importantly, ideally located close to Saint- Germain -des- Pres, Notre Dame Cathedral the Pantheon, Ile de la Cité, the Latin paradise , garden plants , docks of the Seine . The apartment is excellent , the metro st
22010	Very clean, 38m², equiped with everything you need, a bedroom with a double bed.  2nd floor with no elevator	Renting my apartment located in a very nice district in Paris (5th arrondissement), with many shops, restaurants and bars around. It is totally equiped (wahing machine, dish washer, TV, internet...). Room for 2 people (one double bed), new and very clean! Very clean, 38m², equiped with everything you need, a bedroom with a double bed.  2nd floor with no elevator Very easy to get to the apartment (métro Cardinal Lemoine or Place Monde ligne 10 or 7). Very central I am available for any advice, help of any kind Very close to many shops, touristic places, restaurants, bars... Very safe place, and very typical of Paris. Location very convenient to visit! Metro and buses very close I expect tenants to take care of everything in the apartement as it if it was yours because I liev in this apartement all year long. Thanks :)
22011	Situé au 2eme étage sur 3 Environnement calme Vue sur petit square	Petit appartement familial, à louer tout juillet pendant nos vacances. 1 chambre parentale avec toilettes et douche 2 chambre enfant (lits 1 place) 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes Cuisine américaine Salon/Salle à manger Télévision/wifi Situé au 2eme étage sur 3 Environnement calme Vue sur petit square Logement entier Bus et métro à proximité (station gobelins)
22012	"In English  A cozy and functional studio, with its romantic parisian charm, overlooking the « rue de la Huchette »,  of a « Haussmann » style  building standing, Digicode & interphone, Kitchen ( induction hob, microwave and traditional oven, kettle and coffee machine ) shower, WC, mezzanine ( 2000mm * 1500mm ) fully equipped , broadband internet, TV, refurbished and secure.(maximum 2 people). Calm and quiet building , housing thoroughly soundproofed , cool in summer and well heated in winter. Ideal for lovers getaway, or to draw inspiration, in a building where where have lived many Parisian artists.       The studio is located on the « quai St Michel », Metro  station Saint Michel (line 4 ) or RER B - Cluny la Sorbonne station line four : St -Michel Located "" Rive Gauche "", ideally in front of the Seine , its location in the « Latin Quarter »,  in fact the best location to walk to the intellectual , touristic and historical heart of Paris . A few steps from the Place Saint Michel and "	"Studio en plein Paris, profitez de sa proximité des endroits importants à visiter, comme Notre Dame, musée du Louvre, place des Vosges et tous les cafés/restaurants du quartier Latin. In English  A cozy and functional studio, with its romantic parisian charm, overlooking the « rue de la Huchette »,  of a « Haussmann » style  building standing, Digicode & interphone, Kitchen ( induction hob, microwave and traditional oven, kettle and coffee machine ) shower, WC, mezzanine ( 2000mm * 1500mm ) fully equipped , broadband internet, TV, refurbished and secure.(maximum 2 people). Calm and quiet building , housing thoroughly soundproofed , cool in summer and well heated in winter. Ideal for lovers getaway, or to draw inspiration, in a building where where have lived many Parisian artists.       The studio is located on the « quai St Michel », Metro  station Saint Michel (line 4 ) or RER B - Cluny la Sorbonne station line four : St -Michel Located "" Rive Gauche "", ideally in front of the Seine "
22013	This apartment can comfortably fit up to 4 people, in a typical parisian building, with stones on the wall and a modern decoration.  For the time of your stay live like a Parisian :) Large flat screen TV with high speed internet, authentic chimney, large fridge, microwave, hoven and of course linens and towels are provided for your comfort. 	Very typical and with a lot charm, this 1 bedroom apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris. 1 min away from the cathedrale Notre Dame de Paris This apartment can comfortably fit up to 4 people, in a typical parisian building, with stones on the wall and a modern decoration.  For the time of your stay live like a Parisian :) Large flat screen TV with high speed internet, authentic chimney, large fridge, microwave, hoven and of course linens and towels are provided for your comfort. The apartment is located on the Quai St Michel, in the heart of Paris (2 min away from the cathedral Notre Dame de Paris The apartment is located in the latin quarter, with all the restaurants, bars, and shops. Known for its student life, lively atmosphere and bistros.  The metro is 2 min away : line 4 and 10. The RER B is 30 sec away from the apartment (direct to the airport Charles de Gaulle, and same line for the Orly airport) and RER C (to the Château de Versailles) 
22014	Charming studio in the historic center of Paris. Very well located, the studio is on the ground floor of a nice parisian building.  Everything is nicely disposed, kitchenette, table, convertible sofa and TV. A small stairway gets you to the mezzanine with a large bed and a small shower (don't be too tall, the mezzanine is 1,70m hight and the shower 1,75m...). The interior deco is warm and cosy. The studio is an ideal place to stay for touristic visits of Paris, by the door you'll be at the Pantheon and the Luxembourg garden.  After a 5mn walk, you discover Notre-Dame and Place Saint Michel. Other major monuments are also very close, Beaubourg, Musée de Cluny, Ile Saint Louis...A bit further, walking by the Seine, you'll be at Pont des Arts and Le Louvre. Walking up Montagne Saint Geneviève, you'll find a charming little place with many restaurants and bars. On the other side of the hill, you're in rue Mouffetard and it's well known typical street market. Just by the corner, you have a 	Cosy studio in the heart of Latin Disctrict, Saint-Michel and Notre-Dame are five minutes away and the nearest metro is next block. Charming studio in the historic center of Paris. Very well located, the studio is on the ground floor of a nice parisian building.  Everything is nicely disposed, kitchenette, table, convertible sofa and TV. A small stairway gets you to the mezzanine with a large bed and a small shower (don't be too tall, the mezzanine is 1,70m hight and the shower 1,75m...). The interior deco is warm and cosy. The studio is an ideal place to stay for touristic visits of Paris, by the door you'll be at the Pantheon and the Luxembourg garden.  After a 5mn walk, you discover Notre-Dame and Place Saint Michel. Other major monuments are also very close, Beaubourg, Musée de Cluny, Ile Saint Louis...A bit further, walking by the Seine, you'll be at Pont des Arts and Le Louvre. Walking up Montagne Saint Geneviève, you'll find a charming little place with many restaurants and bars
22015	Situated in a cobbled street in the Saint-Michel quarter, this bright studio offers a view overlooking the rooftops (of the City of Lights). Welcome to the heart of Parisian life. On the 6th floor with lift, the studio includes a main room which is the living and dining area, an independent mezzanine with a very comfortable 160 x 200 cm double bed, a kitchen corner and a bathroom with bathtub & toilets. (2 persons maxi) The paint and furniture are new, the studio is decorated in a trendy designer style.  The facilities are as follow: flat-screen TV, mini Hi-Fi system, kitchen fitted with glass-ceramic stove and micro wave oven, wooden floor, double-glazing, radiant heating and air conditioning.  Books, magazines and Paris guides are at your disposal and also a selection of local restaurants we recommend.  At your feet, the Latin Quarter and its muddle of pedestrian streets are packed with restaurants, (Parisian) cafés, theatres and jazz clubs.  A walk away from the Notre-Dame Cathedral	Situated in a cobbled street in the Saint-Michel quarter, this bright studio offers a view overlooking the rooftops (of the City of Lights). Welcome to the heart of Parisian life. On the 6th floor with lift, the studio includes a main room which is the living and dining area, an independent mezzanine with a very comfortable 160 x 200 cm double bed, a kitchen corner and a bathroom with bathtub & toilets. (2 persons maxi) The paint and furniture are new, the studio is decorated in a trendy designer style.  The facilities are as follow: flat-screen TV, mini Hi-Fi system, kitchen fitted with glass-ceramic stove and micro wave oven, wooden floor, double-glazing, radiant heating and air conditioning.  Books, magazines and Paris guides are at your disposal and also a selection of local restaurants we recommend.  At your feet, the Latin Quarter and its muddle of pedestrian streets are packed with restaurants, (Parisian) cafés, theatres and jazz clubs.  A walk away from the Notre-Dame Cathedral
22016	In the center of Paris, Rive Gauche,tiny but pretty studio 15m2 (161 pieds) located in the 5th district between Panthéon and luxembourg gardens. The studio has a main room with sofa bed for 2 people (with real mattress), a separate kitchen and a bathroom with shower and toilet. The kitchen is equipped with refrigerator, electric stove, microwave, kettle and washing machine. Cable TV and wireless are available. Linens and towels are provided. The studio is on the 6th floor with elevator and offers a view of the Panthéon.Located 50 m from the Luxembourg Gardens and close to St Germain des Prés and the Quartier Latin. Rer B at 50 m (direct line from CDG airport). Buses 85,38,82, two steps to access all areas of Paris. Close to all shops, supermarkets, pharmacies and  avery good bakery (La Boulange) in a residential neighborhood and lively. You'll find many cafés and restaurants in the area including very good indian restaurants.	In the center of Paris, Rive Gauche,tiny but pretty studio 15m2 (161 pieds) located in the 5th district between Panthéon and luxembourg gardens. The studio has a main room with sofa bed for 2 people (with real mattress), a separate kitchen and a bathroom with shower and toilet. The kitchen is equipped with refrigerator, electric stove, microwave, kettle and washing machine. Cable TV and wireless are available. Linens and towels are provided. The studio is on the 6th floor with elevator and offers a view of the Panthéon.Located 50 m from the Luxembourg Gardens and close to St Germain des Prés and the Quartier Latin. Rer B at 50 m (direct line from CDG airport). Buses 85,38,82, two steps to access all areas of Paris. Close to all shops, supermarkets, pharmacies and  avery good bakery (La Boulange) in a residential neighborhood and lively. You'll find many cafés and restaurants in the area including very good indian restaurants. my guests have access to the whole apartment As often as nec
22017	Into a beautiful bourgeois building, on a quiet courtyard, this studio offer all the amenities for a weekend in Paris. - a sofa bed for 2 people - a kitchen equipped with microwaves, coffe machine and kettle - a bathroom with shower, WC and hair-dryer  - illimitate wifi access - Lines and blanket - All the necessary to have breakfast (café, thé, sugar, etc.) 	10 minutes walking from Notre Dame, nice studio rented for 3 nights (from thursday 
22018	This small but intimate and cosy studio is perfect for a couple.  It has everything you need to prepare your petit dejeuner or a romantic dinner An equipped American kitchen with microwave, oven, fridge and also a washing machine. Bathroom with shower. Fresh towells are provided TV and access Wi Fi to internet.	Romantic and charming studio hanging from the Paris ‘sky Consider a perfect location in the city center for your pleasant stay. Nearby metro, bus and RER train,  St. Michel, Notre Dame, Seine river banks, Sorbonne. Enjoy Paris experience This small but intimate and cosy studio is perfect for a couple.  It has everything you need to prepare your petit dejeuner or a romantic dinner An equipped American kitchen with microwave, oven, fridge and also a washing machine. Bathroom with shower. Fresh towells are provided TV and access Wi Fi to internet. The Latin district situated on the left bank of the Seine river is known for its student life, lively atmosphere and bistros, the Latin Quarter is the home to a number of higher education establishments besides the Sorbonne itself. His name alone evokes images of bohemian Paris at its height. In spite of its indisputable gentrification and the loss of its former identity, the myriad streets surrounding what was the left bank's true student and i
22019	perfect localisation in the historic city center of Paris	perfect localisation in the historic city center of Paris sms, email, calls , when they want The best area in Paris, in the heart of Paris, 5 mns walk from the Panthéon, Notre dame,the banks of the Seine, Ile Saint Louis... Studio charmant dans le 5ème arrondissement de Paris  sur cour, au coeur du quartier latin ,située à 5 minutes du Panthéon, à 15mn Notre dame, très proche des quais de seine, ile saint louis, tout au centre de Paris ! Métro Place Monge (ligne 7) ou Cardinal Lemoine (Ligne 10)  Accès aéroport facile  Airport acces easy  Kitchen + microwave...  Bathroom with toilets  WiFi,cable tv  4st floor  Cleaning fees 20€ salle de bain,wc separe  Cuisine plaques et micro onde Wifi, telephone France, television cablee  Situé au 4eme etage  Forfait ménage 20€
22020	This 88 sqm apartment is very comfortable. It has two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms. It can sleep a total of six people. The entrance hall directly gives on the main room, very spacious and bright. It has a living-room area with a comfortable couch, a beautiful design armchair and a coffee table facing a very large flat television. The dining area features a dining table for six people. This main room overlook a lovely courtyard planted with glass and trees. It is a nice and quiet environment. The fitted kitchen is accessible from the entrance hall. It has a bar with two high stools. It is well equipped, it overlooks the pedestrian Rollin Street. The corridor will lead you to the bedrooms. The master bedroom is the first one you will reach, it has a queen size bed (160x200). You will be able to store your clothes in the very large dressing located in front of the bedroom (it is large enough for all your suitcases). The en-suite bathroom is very lovely, very elegant with dark tile	This Paris aparment to rent short term is on the street Mouffetard. This is a very animated pedestrian street with a permanent market and many cafes and restaurants in the heart of the 5th district. This place is absolutely magic and perfect for discovering Paris, with its colored environment and its special atmosphere. The nearest subway is Monge.
22021		7ème étage, avec ascenseur. Il est propre et très lumineux. 2 belles vues (sur bld St-Marcel, ainsi qu'une vue large: Panthéon, Tour Eiffel, Tour Montparnasse, Tour Jussieu). 2 lits simples+1 fauteuil convertible. 1 matelas double si besoin. Le logement est à 30 secondes de la station de métro Gobelins.
22022	"Very quiet residence in direct proximity of ""Mouffetard quartier"", calm and spacious one bedroom flat (40 m²) - one kitcheen - a living room with convertible couch - a spacious bedroom with adjacent bathroom with shower."	"Very quiet residence in direct proximity of ""Mouffetard quartier"", calm and spacious one bedroom flat (40 m²) - one kitcheen - a living room with convertible couch - a spacious bedroom with adjacent bathroom with shower. Very quiet residence in direct proximity of ""Mouffetard quartier"", calm and spacious one bedroom flat (40 m²) - one kitcheen - a living room with convertible couch - a spacious bedroom with adjacent bathroom with shower. Very well deserved by metro : lines 7(Les Gobelins), and 5 and 6 (Place d'italie) Also functionnal bus lines 27- 83 and 91 RER B (Port Royal) Guests can join me anytime during their journey Pleasant neighborhood located in the center of Paris 'Rive Gauche' from walking distance to the 'Mouffetard' street Panthéon and 'quartier latin'. Subway station LES GOBELINS line 7 / station PLACE D'ITALIE lines 5 et 6 Bus 91 - 83 - 27 Essentials will be provided - kitchen ustensils, basic food (spices, oils, salt, pepper...), dishwashing product  - toilet paper, d"
22023	Absolutely stunning modern stylized apartment of 50m2. This completely furnished apartment boasts a spacious living room with an attached kitchen, breakfast bar, dining table and large convertable L shaped sofa. In the living room you will find a large, state of the art Flat screen TV, speakers and an iDock for listening to music. The separate bedroom/ bathroom suite has a walk in closet (partially empty) and a large comfortable bed. The attached newly renovated modern bathroom has a large shower and a closet hiding a washer, dryer and an ironing area. This apartment is competely equipped for all of your needs as well as beautifully situated within Paris- right in the heart of the historic 5th arrondissement. Surrounded by restaurants, and just around the corner from a supermarket, butcher and fromagerie (cheese market), this apartment is easily accessible by the metro lines 7 and 10 as well as 6 other bus lines. If you fancy going and discovering the surrounding neighborhoods by foot,	Absolutely stunning modern stylized apartment of 50m2. Really well situated, close to center This completely furnished apartment boasts a spacious living room with an attached kitchen, breakfast bar, dining table and large convertable L shaped sofa.  Absolutely stunning modern stylized apartment of 50m2. This completely furnished apartment boasts a spacious living room with an attached kitchen, breakfast bar, dining table and large convertable L shaped sofa. In the living room you will find a large, state of the art Flat screen TV, speakers and an iDock for listening to music. The separate bedroom/ bathroom suite has a walk in closet (partially empty) and a large comfortable bed. The attached newly renovated modern bathroom has a large shower and a closet hiding a washer, dryer and an ironing area. This apartment is competely equipped for all of your needs as well as beautifully situated within Paris- right in the heart of the historic 5th arrondissement. Surrounded by restaurants, and
22024	The apartment has been entirely renovated late 2013, is extremely comfortable and equipped with all the last amenities. Spaciously organized with an area of over 50 square meters (520 square feet), the apartment offers ample living space, a large salon, comfortable bedroom, fully-equipped kitchen, and a modern bathroom with shower. The bedroom has a queen size bed, in the living room a sofa bed can accommodate two extra guests. The apartment opens on a large and quiet street Rue des Patriarches.	Lovely one-bedroom apartment (50m²), equipped with the last amenities.  It offers a large salon, spacious bedroom, and fully-equipped kitchen and bathroom. Easy walk to famous place of Paris (Notre Dame, Bd Saint Germain, La Sorbonne, Luxembourg) The apartment has been entirely renovated late 2013, is extremely comfortable and equipped with all the last amenities. Spaciously organized with an area of over 50 square meters (520 square feet), the apartment offers ample living space, a large salon, comfortable bedroom, fully-equipped kitchen, and a modern bathroom with shower. The bedroom has a queen size bed, in the living room a sofa bed can accommodate two extra guests. The apartment opens on a large and quiet street Rue des Patriarches. 2 minutes walk to metro station 'Centier Daubenton', line 7.
22025	Securised and clean building, typicaly Parisian. The appartment is bright and clean, with nice views on terrace gardens and... sky ! It's on fourth floor (no elevator) so you get lots of light all day long. It's a shared apartment (1 flatmate) in which you have enough privacy.	The room is 13 square meters in a typical Parisian Appartment Quiet street in the lively and historical Quartier Latin Splendid view over terrace garden
22026	Clean, luminous studio with a great view on Paris's rooftops. Everything about it will make you enjoy your stay : the 5th arrondissement is the most amazing neighborhood in Paris : full of History, kept its old charm (cafés, restaurants, libraries), almost no cars so perfect for walking or biking; very intellectual neighborhood. 	"Quiet and luminous 26 meters square studio in the heart of the 5th arrondissement... and therefore of Paris. Great opportunity to discover the magic of a parisian life. Farmer markets, boulangeries, parks, bars, restaurants... you'll love it! Clean, luminous studio with a great view on Paris's rooftops. Everything about it will make you enjoy your stay : the 5th arrondissement is the most amazing neighborhood in Paris : full of History, kept its old charm (cafés, restaurants, libraries), almost no cars so perfect for walking or biking; very intellectual neighborhood.  You will of course get access to wi-fi! There is a very clean and spacious kitchenette (fridge and everything else available), a bathroom with a bathtub and toilets that are separated from the bathroom.  I check my e-mails every day, and should be in Paris while you come, so I'll be here to welcome you and help you if help needed.  The 5th, or the ""Quartier Latin"" (Latin quarter) is full of History, and managed to keep it"
22027	We are a family ( parents and two teenagers) and we can host you in our house in a room on the ground floor which is 12 M2 overlooking a charming courtyard. The bed is on a mezzanine. We share the kitchen and bathroom with tub. there is the wifi. It is 5 minutes walk from the rue Mouffetard, the Gobelins underground line 7 or Glaciere line 6. bus lines 21-83 and 91. RER Port Royal is 10 minutes walking distance. One precision : We are smokers , even if we try to be so thank you to consider if you are allergic	We are a family ( parents and two teenagers) and we can host you in our house in a room on the ground floor which is 12 M2 overlooking a charming courtyard. The bed is on a mezzanine. We share the kitchen and bathroom with tub. there is the wifi. It is 5 minutes walk from the rue Mouffetard, the Gobelins underground line 7 or Glaciere line 6. bus lines 21-83 and 91. RER Port Royal is 10 minutes walking distance. One precision : We are smokers , even if we try to be so thank you to consider if you are allergic
22028	The studio is 20m2 and is equipped with a small bathroom with shower, sink and toilet, and a kitchen. There are two large and two small windows. There is a luxury sofa bed (Ikea Fagelbo) and a Fauteil that can be converted into a single bed. Possibly there is still place for a child. Obviously there is a dining table with chairs. The heating is electric. See the video on youtube: (website hidden)	In the historical center of Paris, within walking distance of Notre Dame, Pantheon and Arenes de Lutece is our studio. Between the Jardin du Luxembourg and the Jardin des Plantes in rue Mouffetard, one of the nicest streets of Paris. The studio is 20m2 and is equipped with a small bathroom with shower, sink and toilet, and a kitchen. There are two large and two small windows. There is a luxury sofa bed (Ikea Fagelbo) and a Fauteil that can be converted into a single bed. Possibly there is still place for a child. Obviously there is a dining table with chairs. The heating is electric. See the video on youtube: (website hidden) There is a garage around the corner with special weekly rates. Also around the corner is the metro stop Censier. By train: the Thal ys g aat eg several times a day from Amsterdam, The Hague and Rot terda m Duration c... 3 1/2 hours. You reach the apartment through a gate on the street that leads to a courtyard. A staircase leads to the front door on the third floo
22029		Nice flat  nice view of Paris. beautiful area near by rue moufetard &jardins des plantes. one room + convertible couch in the living. you ll enjoy your stay ! Nicolas
22030	Immerse yourself in the history and culture which is the Latin Quarter of Paris, while staying in this oh-so-Parisian, bright and spacious studio. The apartment is located on the famous rue St-Jacques, one of the oldest streets of Paris, and a way of ancient Rome. The Sorbonne University, the birthplace of the glorification of the intellectual and artistic research in France is just across the street, with its imposing façade statue in charge. Notre Dame Cathedral, the soul of Paris, located on the Ile de la Cité (the year 1000 old hometown of Paris), is across the street from the apartment, as is the Jardin du Luxembourg , Place Saint-Michel, Boulevard Saint-Germain, Place de l'Odeon, rue Mouffetard - with its markets, countless cafés and restaurants, the Cluny Museum and the Jardin des Plantes incredible.  You'll feel like Parisians honor you become a regular at the small cafe downstairs, and walk in the most sought after and admired! areas of Paris, the Heart & Soul of Paris - The L	Immerse yourself in the history and culture which is the Latin Quarter of Paris, while staying in this oh-so-Parisian, bright and spacious studio. The apartment is located on the famous rue St-Jacques, one of the oldest streets of Paris, and a way of ancient Rome. The Sorbonne University, the birthplace of the glorification of the intellectual and artistic research in France is just across the street, with its imposing façade statue in charge. Notre Dame Cathedral, the soul of Paris, located on the Ile de la Cité (the year 1000 old hometown of Paris), is across the street from the apartment, as is the Jardin du Luxembourg , Place Saint-Michel, Boulevard Saint-Germain, Place de l'Odeon, rue Mouffetard - with its markets, countless cafés and restaurants, the Cluny Museum and the Jardin des Plantes incredible.  You'll feel like Parisians honor you become a regular at the small cafe downstairs, and walk in the most sought after and admired! areas of Paris, the Heart & Soul of Paris - The L
22031	Located in the heart of the charming Latin Quarter, on a quiet street, this fully equiped and renovated apartment of 35 sq met has one big room, which features a comfy double bed, a sofa and brand new TV/internet (wifi) equipment.  It also has a modern and fully equiped kitchen, a large bathroom and a big balcony. You will experience a real taste of Paris in this typical neighborhood, in close proximity to lots of trendy shops, bars and restaurants with easy access to every point of interest in Paris.  The apartment is very close to line 7 of the metro (Censier-Daubenton station), which serves Le Marais in 10 minutes and the Opera in 15-20 minutes. The apartment is located nearby the Botanic Garden, the Luxemburg Garden and Saint Germain (5, 15 and 20 min walking distance, respectively). Finally, a lot of buses (numbers (phone number hidden)) enable you to reach easily and quickly Saint Germain, Notre Dame, Le Grand Palais, the main train stations (Gare de Lyon and Gare du Montparnasse	Located in the heart of the charming Latin Quarter, on a quiet street, this fully equiped and renovated apartment of 35 sq met has one big room, which features a comfy double bed, a sofa and brand new TV/internet (wifi) equipment.  It also has a modern and fully equiped kitchen, a large bathroom and a big balcony. You will experience a real taste of Paris in this typical neighborhood, in close proximity to lots of trendy shops, bars and restaurants with easy access to every point of interest in Paris.  The apartment is very close to line 7 of the metro (Censier-Daubenton station), which serves Le Marais in 10 minutes and the Opera in 15-20 minutes. The apartment is located nearby the Botanic Garden, the Luxemburg Garden and Saint Germain (5, 15 and 20 min walking distance, respectively). Finally, a lot of buses (numbers (phone number hidden)) enable you to reach easily and quickly Saint Germain, Notre Dame, Le Grand Palais, the main train stations (Gare de Lyon and Gare du Montparnasse
22032	The location is perfect to visit Paris (central : metro Censier Daubenton). The flat has a great view. You have a bed and a very comfortable convertible sofa bed. You will also have access to a wash machine, a dishwasher, a microwave and a hoven in the kitchen and a bathtub in the bathroom. On the 4th floor (out of 7) with an elevator.	"Very cosy and quiet flat the the heart of Paris, in the Quartier Latin, 1 minute from the Garden ""Jardin des plantes"". 5 minutes from rue Mouffetard and next to Pantheon. The view is amazing, especially at night."
22033	A charming Studio of 12 M in the Latin Quartier (5eme ) with kitchen and bathroom, Located in Central Paris, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme,   Few minutes walk from Institue de Monde Arab, Jardin des plantes, 5 Minutes Walk , very close to MONOP supermarket, close to the restaurents, Mac donalds, bus stop and close to the underground train, Notre Dame, Jardin de Plantes A typical French studio on the ground floor 12m²  with heat, microwave, refrigerator, wardrobe, table, chairs, window, sheets and towel included, high-speed wifi wireless internet connection. Very calm, perfect for  two people, clean and responsible. Very convenient transportation: Less then 1 minute from Métro Gare d'Auterlitz ( Underground Train 5, 7  ). Buses ( 91, 57 ). Less then 10 min from Cinema UGC and Gaument and less then 10 Min from Shopping center PLACE D'ITALIE 2   I would love to give you some guide you about the places,restaurents, place to see in Paris. Visits are possible. No agency fees, i m the owner 	A charming Studio of 20 M in the Latin Quartier (5eme ) with kitchen and bathroom, Located in Central Paris, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme,   Few minutes walk from Mufftard, Jardin des plantes, 15 Minutes Walk , Just in front of super market Carref A charming Studio of 12 M in the Latin Quartier (5eme ) with kitchen and bathroom, Located in Central Paris, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme,   Few minutes walk from Institue de Monde Arab, Jardin des plantes, 5 Minutes Walk , very close to MONOP supermarket, close to the restaurents, Mac donalds, bus stop and close to the underground train, Notre Dame, Jardin de Plantes A typical French studio on the ground floor 12m²  with heat, microwave, refrigerator, wardrobe, table, chairs, window, sheets and towel included, high-speed wifi wireless internet connection. Very calm, perfect for  two people, clean and responsible. Very convenient transportation: Less then 1 minute from Métro Gare d'Auterlitz ( Underground Train 5, 7  ). Buses ( 91, 57 ). 
22034	This apartment is really exceptional . It is very well situated in the heart of an historic, very safe and animated quarter (quartier Mouffetard- Pantheon- Notre dame-Sorbonne, one of the most beloved from the parisians.) It's a perfect place and situation to discover Paris and the parisian life. It is spacious , ideal for a family (120 m2) with high ceiling (5m) and facing a wonderfull garden, which you can use. It's facing  south and very sunny. It has 3 rooms:: One with a double bed 160x200, another one with a double bed 140X200 , one with a 120x200 bed . The living room has large windows facing the garden, as the kitchen and the master bed room. The other rooms face a little courtyard. The apartment stays fresh  in summertime which can be significant after a day walking throught  Paris ! Bed linen provided Towels provided Free wifi, international chanels The kitchen, also facing the garden is totally equiped : dish washing machine, nespresso coffee machine, big frige...you can cook	A splendid flat,  to spend your holidays in Paris in  historic quartier latin.  5  to 6 people. Very central, in an ancient convent with garden, surrounded by lovely markets, museums, public gardens. Easy from airports. This apartment is really exceptional . It is very well situated in the heart of an historic, very safe and animated quarter (quartier Mouffetard- Pantheon- Notre dame-Sorbonne, one of the most beloved from the parisians.) It's a perfect place and situation to discover Paris and the parisian life. It is spacious , ideal for a family (120 m2) with high ceiling (5m) and facing a wonderfull garden, which you can use. It's facing  south and very sunny. It has 3 rooms:: One with a double bed 160x200, another one with a double bed 140X200 , one with a 120x200 bed . The living room has large windows facing the garden, as the kitchen and the master bed room. The other rooms face a little courtyard. The apartment stays fresh  in summertime which can be significant after a day wal
22035	This room has a great view of most major monuments of Paris from its small window. ( eiffel tower, Montmartre, Pantheon, Saint Germain, La defence. It is situated at only 80 meter from Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral above hippopotamus beaf restaurant. keys are available every day from 10 am to 10 pm 50m right from room in Restaurant La Criee with Rita or Rabi.	"This is called ""chambre de bonne"". I bought it when was a student in Paris. there is water and a toilet in the corridor shared. Its possible to take a shower in the swimming pool rue Pontoise between 7 morning and midnight at 65eur/month."
22036	 Hello, come visit paris by asking your bags in the latin quarter, magic, magical night, known worldwide for its history and charm. in speaking d' story this big studio on court is located on the place of the counterscarp in l' building even from 	Hello, come to visit bets by putting down your suitcases(by settling down) in the Latin, magic, magic Quarter the night, known all over the world for its history(story) and charm. By speaking about history(story) this big studio on court is situated  Hello, come visit paris by asking your bags in the latin quarter, magic, magical night, known worldwide for its history and charm. in speaking d' story this big studio on court is located on the place of the counterscarp in l' building even from Housing of the 'pomme of pain 'a former Tavern which became famous thanks to the three Musketeers only' is had made their mark, l' building neighbor c' or Ernest Emingway y lived, a plate on the front of l' building tribute to him. We are in the heart of the most beautiful sites to visit, a step, the arenes de Lutece, the pantheon, the Luxembourg Gardens, notre dame Cathedral and l' île st louis are 5mn, Sorbonne, st Michel and these picturesque streets are nearby, the Museum Louvre 15 minutes walk
22037	Au centre de Paris avec vue sur un joli jardin japonais.	Studio au coeur du 5 ème, à deux pas du Panthéon, du Jardin du Luxembourg, du quartier Latin.  Il y a un petit balcon qui donne sur un joli jardin japonais. Immeuble très calme. Machine à laver le linge, très bon lit à mémoire de forme, wifi... Au centre de Paris avec vue sur un joli jardin japonais. Quartier Latin Métro ligne 10 Maubert Mutualité, RER B Luxembourg, bus 82,39....
22038	This 30sqm apartment is located at Cardinal Lemoine metro station, a strategic crossroad between Bd Saint Germain and rue Mouffetard, in the heart of the Quartier Latin. It is ideal for people who want to taste the parisian experience of a cosy and quiet nest niched in the heart of the Quartier Latin. The apartment is an ideal base within walking distance to most popular touristic attractions of the Rive Gauche:  Sorbonne, Panthéon, rue Mouffetard, Bd Saint Michel, Bd Saint Germain... The apartment can sleep up to 4 (5) people with: 1 king size bed (also available in 2x90cmx200cm single option) 1 double sofa bed (140x190cm) The mezzanine, ideal for long-term stay storage can possibly suit an extra sleeping (original & fun for a teen) but  stairs are sharp and  low ceiling doesn't allow  sitten position. The flat is BABY FRIENDLY: we can provide (at no charge) travel baby cot, changing table, bottle warmer.  The apartment is ideally equipped for mid-long term stays: there is a unique st	This 30sqm apartment is located at Cardinal Lemoine metro station, a strategic crossroad between Bd Saint Germain and rue Mouffetard, in the heart of the Quartier Latin. It is ideal for people who want to taste the parisian experience of a cosy and quiet nest niched in the heart of the Quartier Latin. The apartment is an ideal base within walking distance to most popular touristic attractions of the Rive Gauche:  Sorbonne, Panthéon, rue Mouffetard, Bd Saint Michel, Bd Saint Germain... The apartment can sleep up to 4 (5) people with: 1 king size bed (also available in 2x90cmx200cm single option) 1 double sofa bed (140x190cm) The mezzanine, ideal for long-term stay storage can possibly suit an extra sleeping (original & fun for a teen) but  stairs are sharp and  low ceiling doesn't allow  sitten position. The flat is BABY FRIENDLY: we can provide (at no charge) travel baby cot, changing table, bottle warmer.  The apartment is ideally equipped for mid-long term stays: there is a unique st
22039	Appartement de 40 m2 pour 4 personnes situé au 1ier étage sans ascenseur et sur rue. Il dispose d'un séjour avec canapé lit convertible pour 2 couchages et une chambre avec un lit double. L'appartement se situe à proximité de :  - la Cathédrale Notre Dame et le Jardin du Luxembourg  - Le centre d'exposition Beaubourg (Pompidou) et du Marais  - Le parvis de l’hôtel de ville  - L'Ile Saint Louis  - La Seine  - Le Panthéon  - Les Arenes de Lutece  - L'institut du monde Arabe, le quartier Latin	"Appartement très chic et équipé. Il offre tout le confort et a été entièrement aménagé avec goût. Dans le salon, vous aurez notamment en équipement un accès internet Haut débit gratuit, une Tv écran plat, accès au câble et surtout un ""vrai"" canapé lit au couchage très confortable. Cuisine toute équipée. Vous apprécierez également le confort de sa chambre avec un lit double mais aussi et surtout son emplacment en plein cœur de Paris, au pied du marché Mouffetard dans le 5ème Appartement de 40 m2 pour 4 personnes situé au 1ier étage sans ascenseur et sur rue. Il dispose d'un séjour avec canapé lit convertible pour 2 couchages et une chambre avec un lit double. L'appartement se situe à proximité de :  - la Cathédrale Notre Dame et le Jardin du Luxembourg  - Le centre d'exposition Beaubourg (Pompidou) et du Marais  - Le parvis de l’hôtel de ville  - L'Ile Saint Louis  - La Seine  - Le Panthéon  - Les Arenes de Lutece  - L'institut du monde Arabe, le quartier Latin Nous serons joignables 24"
22040	Une fois le portail sur rue franchi, vous apprécierez la petite allée bordée de plantes et de fleurs ; dépaysement assuré ! Situé au 1er étage, cet appartement cozy de 37 M2 est composé d'une entrée. Sur la droite, une salle de bains et des toilettes. Passez la porte du pallier et vous voilà dans la pièce principale  d'une belle taille, lumineuse la journée, et intime le soir.  La cuisine ouverte sur celle-ci bien qu'un peu petite est équipé de deux plaques chauffantes et d'un four micro-onde, grille pains, et compagnie.  La chambre se situe au fond de l'appartement.	"Un appartement atypique aménagé avec goût situé à ""deux"" pas de la rue Mouffetard et ""trois"" du jardin des plantes ; donnant sur une cour fleurie ; idéal pour un escapade en amoureux dans les rues du petit Paris. Une fois le portail sur rue franchi, vous apprécierez la petite allée bordée de plantes et de fleurs ; dépaysement assuré ! Situé au 1er étage, cet appartement cozy de 37 M2 est composé d'une entrée. Sur la droite, une salle de bains et des toilettes. Passez la porte du pallier et vous voilà dans la pièce principale  d'une belle taille, lumineuse la journée, et intime le soir.  La cuisine ouverte sur celle-ci bien qu'un peu petite est équipé de deux plaques chauffantes et d'un four micro-onde, grille pains, et compagnie.  La chambre se situe au fond de l'appartement."
22041		Chambre spacieuse avec un grand lit dans une colocation (2 chambres et un salon) avec cuisine, four, micro-ondes,machine à laver, sèche-linge. Idéalement situé au cœur de paris à 100m du panthéon, à 5 min a pied de Notre-Dame. Métro à 5 min : st michel, luxembourg,...
22042	Boulangerie at the ground floor. It smells so good in the morning!	In the heart of Paris, let's enjoy a nice&quiet flat of 40m² with a fully-equiped kitchen,a big bedroom for 2 people,a sunny living room & very important after a long walk in Paris:  a bathtub and a lift ! Big asset: Boulangerie on the ground floor! Boulangerie at the ground floor. It smells so good in the morning! RER B à proximité. Ligne 10 et 7 & Bus 47, 89 et 67 A coté de la gare d'Austerlitz. Walk !  It's beautiful everywhere you look in this aera! A little advice : Luxembourg and jardin des plantes to go pick-nick ! Very good location and very well connected with means of transport. But the best way to discover Paris is to walk ! And the flat is situated at 10 mins from the center.
22043	One bedroom for two, one other bedrooms with 3 simples beds and in case the sofa in the living room for 2!	Three rooms flat typically french with its wooden floor and fireplace you can enjoy on winter or its freshness in the  hot french summer! At the very center of Paris in the Latin Area, the flat has all the comfort needed to have a nice stay in Paris. One bedroom for two, one other bedrooms with 3 simples beds and in case the sofa in the living room for 2! The Guest have acces to the entire flat except the dressing room where our things will be. We will let a list of where to find practical things in the flat! Unfortunately we are renting the flat when we aren't there... But we leave a description with most of our favorites things to do in the area! Are you can join us when you want for all kind of questions This apartment is located 20 meters from the world famous Mouffetard, in the heart of the Latin Quarter in central Paris. You will have at your disposal all the facilities in the same street bakery, butcher, fish, cheese, supermarkets ... And multiple transport to visit the rest of 
22044	Machine à laver le linge. Machine à laver la vaisselle, TV + Cable/Canal+. Wifi.	Place de la Contrescarpe, 5 minutes away from the Panthéon and the Jardin des Plantes, a charming apartment. Floor tile. Bright. 1 living room, 2 bedrooms, 1 kitchen all equipped, 1 bath room.
22045	Paris Apartment (Arrondissement 5) Enjoy this completely remodeled, 700 square foot apartment, located on the fifth floor (with elevator) of a classic Haussman building of 'Pierre de Taille.' This beautifully designed and fabulously located two bedroom, two bath, Non-Smoking apartment is situated at the western edge of the fifth arrondissement, just one block from the Jardin du Luxembourg and just a few minutes from the Pantheon as well as renowned schools like the Sorbonne.  This fabulous apartment has undergone a complete renovation by an award-winning American designer. It offers a well-appointed living room that is furnished with the highest quality furniture, lighting and artwork. Its focal point is a magnificent 19th century fireplace with a gold leaf mirror above and crystal wall sconces. French antiques accent the space.  The original hardwood floors have been refinished and restored throughout, except in the bathrooms and kitchen which have tile flooring. High dramatic ceiling	This beautifully designed and fabulously located two bedroom, two bath, Non-Smoking apartment is situated at the western edge of the fifth arrondissement, just one block from the Jardin du Luxembourg and just a few minutes from the Pantheon. Paris Apartment (Arrondissement 5) Enjoy this completely remodeled, 700 square foot apartment, located on the fifth floor (with elevator) of a classic Haussman building of 'Pierre de Taille.' This beautifully designed and fabulously located two bedroom, two bath, Non-Smoking apartment is situated at the western edge of the fifth arrondissement, just one block from the Jardin du Luxembourg and just a few minutes from the Pantheon as well as renowned schools like the Sorbonne.  This fabulous apartment has undergone a complete renovation by an award-winning American designer. It offers a well-appointed living room that is furnished with the highest quality furniture, lighting and artwork. Its focal point is a magnificent 19th century fireplace with a 
22046	"Tucked away in the 5th arrondissement next to the ancient Roman Arena and the Jardin des Plantes, this location is full of charm. You are within an easy walk of the River Seine and Notre Dame de Paris, not far from the rue Monge, the rue Descartes, and the rue Clovis, just below the Pantheon. The 5th Arrondissement of Paris is one of the best known of the city's central districts, located on the Left Bank (Rive Gauche) of the river Seine. Also commonly known as the ""Latin Quarter"" because the first great Parisian university, the Sorbonne, was founded (and can be still be found) here and Latin was the language the medieval period students used once to speak. The 5th was also the core of ancient Gallo-Roman Paris, as revealed in a number of otherwise rare archaeological remains that can be seen within the district. The area still has a significant student presence, with several universities and schools of higher education being located in the area.  You are not far from one of Paris live"	"Tucked away in the 5th arrondissement next to the ancient Roman Arena and the Jardin des Plantes, this location is full of charm. You are within an easy walk of the River Seine and Notre Dame de Paris, not far from the rue Monge, the rue Descartes, and the rue Clovis, just below the Pantheon. The 5th Arrondissement of Paris is one of the best known of the city's central districts, located on the Left Bank (Rive Gauche) of the river Seine. Also commonly known as the ""Latin Quarter"" because the first great Parisian university, the Sorbonne, was founded (and can be still be found) here and Latin was the language the medieval period students used once to speak. The 5th was also the core of ancient Gallo-Roman Paris, as revealed in a number of otherwise rare archaeological remains that can be seen within the district. The area still has a significant student presence, with several universities and schools of higher education being located in the area.  You are not far from one of Paris live"
22047		Lovely studio of 23m² in the center of Paris. Close to Notre Dame, Saint Michel or Rue Mouffetard. Ideal for one or two persons. You can easily rich every area of the capital from here.  You are welcome here ! The studio is on the 5th floor but the lift just up to 4th floor.
22048	The studio is in a most convenient location and quiet neighborhood, this comfortable, stylish studio will make the perfect home base for your Parisian adventure!  It is located on the ground floor, on the courtyard, making it convenient for guests with reduced mobility—or large suitcases!	This chic Parisian studio is located in the 5th Arrondissement and has recently been completely refurbished and is brand new to the rental market. The studio is in a most convenient location and quiet neighborhood, this comfortable, stylish studio will make the perfect home base for your Parisian adventure!  It is located on the ground floor, on the courtyard, making it convenient for guests with reduced mobility—or large suitcases! In addition to the king-size bed, the living room features a very comfortable sofa-bed which can sleep additional adult or 2 children. The layout of the apartment makes it ideal for a couple but also possible for 3 close friends or a couple with small children, with a privacy curtain separating the two sleeping areas. The studio is equipped with a small eat-in kitchen with a full-sized refrigerator, Nespresso machine, clothes washer and a dryer, cookware and utensils. There are two supermarkets in the neighborhood, making it easy to buy supplies. There is a
22049	The apartment has a large lounge with an open and fully equipped kitchen and a sofa, a bedroom with a double bed, very bright apartment with a view on a charming garden and the roofs of Paris. In the heart of the Latin Quarter of Paris, just a step from the Mouffetard Street, the Contrescarpe Place and the Pantheon monument. Very living quarter, known for its student life, parisian atmosphere and bistros. Close to sightseeing places!  Line 7: Place Monge Line 10: Cardinal Lemoine RER B: Luxembourg Au coeur du quartier Latin, à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard, de la place de la Contrescarpe et du Panthéon. Vous allez être séduits par ce quartier typiquement parisien, aux nombreux bistros et boutiques. Quartier central de Paris, proche de nombreux monuments! Line 7: Place Monge Line 10: Cardinal Lemoine RER B: Luxembourg	2-pièces de 40m2, au coeur du quartier Latin, dans une rue calme, à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard. Appartement très lumineux, 4ème étage, avec vue sur jardin. Proche de nombreux bistros parisiens, boutiques, métros ligne 5 et 7.  The apartment has a large lounge with an open and fully equipped kitchen and a sofa, a bedroom with a double bed, very bright apartment with a view on a charming garden and the roofs of Paris. In the heart of the Latin Quarter of Paris, just a step from the Mouffetard Street, the Contrescarpe Place and the Pantheon monument. Very living quarter, known for its student life, parisian atmosphere and bistros. Close to sightseeing places!  Line 7: Place Monge Line 10: Cardinal Lemoine RER B: Luxembourg Au coeur du quartier Latin, à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard, de la place de la Contrescarpe et du Panthéon. Vous allez être séduits par ce quartier typiquement parisien, aux nombreux bistros et boutiques. Quartier central de Paris, proche de nombreux monuments! Line 
22050	Amazing panoramic view on Paris from this amazing appartment. You could spend your journey in our living-room (5 meters under the ceiling) to contemplate the Pantheon and the roof of Paris thanks to the 3 meters-high  window.	In the heart of the Latin district between the Luxembourg garden, the Pantheon and the well-known Mouffetard Street, we are welcoming you in our flat. You will feel at home in our cozy 2 bedroom apartment, with an amazing panoramic view on Paris.
22051	The French Restoration-style architecture in the main salon features a fireplace, chandelier, crown molding, and herringbone wood floors and is matched by complimentary furnishings including a 17th century original Aubusson tapestry as well as 18th century oil paintings. The salon also includes curtains that are modeled on the Green Room’s of the White House combined with a concert quality piano available for playing upon request. The dining table in the salon can seat twelve, or you can celebrate meals on the terrace with seating for ten. In addition to a sitting area in the main salon, the parlor provides another social space as well as a good night’s sleep — its comfy couch pulls out into a plush conversion queen bed. The parlor’s curtains are modeled on the White House’s Red Room! All of the kitchens and bathrooms in the unit reflect contemporary modern style. In the master suite’s kitchen you’ll find Miele appliances, abundant counter space, and a large glass door that leads to a 	Open and sunny living space with floor to ceiling windows offers a view of the Panthéon, a terrace, and a Jacuzzi. The unit has a master suite and studio, each with kitchen and bath, so this rental is perfect for holidaying together while maintaining a bit of privacy. The master suite also has a large salon and a parlor, which is also the second Bedroom. The French Restoration-style architecture in the main salon features a fireplace, chandelier, crown molding, and herringbone wood floors and is matched by complimentary furnishings including a 17th century original Aubusson tapestry as well as 18th century oil paintings. The salon also includes curtains that are modeled on the Green Room’s of the White House combined with a concert quality piano available for playing upon request. The dining table in the salon can seat twelve, or you can celebrate meals on the terrace with seating for ten. In addition to a sitting area in the main salon, the parlor provides another social space as well
22052	2 Bedroom apartment with 2 separate rooms both with Queen Size Beds.  Located on the 6th floor with a beautiful view and light. Newly refurbished, clean and cozy. Perfect for families or friends to enjoy a great visit in Paris.	"One of the best place to stay in Paris. The flat is in the heart of Paris, the most beautiful and latin part of Paris. Also in the center of the best spot's to visit and also from supermarket, metro and bus. Stay local ! 2 Bedroom apartment with 2 separate rooms both with Queen Size Beds.  Located on the 6th floor with a beautiful view and light. Newly refurbished, clean and cozy. Perfect for families or friends to enjoy a great visit in Paris. You will have access to the entire apartment with everything it has to offer. I live in Paris, right opposite the apartment so I will be here if anything needed. Plus I'd love to give you some hints on where to go and what to do. There is so much to see and explore in Paris. The 5th arrondissement of Paris, also known as ""arrondissement du Panthéon, is one of the 20 arrondissements of the capital city of France. Situated on the left bank of the River Seine, it is one of the central arrondissements of the capital. The arrondissement is notable fo"
22053	"This cozy flat is located at rue des Fosses Saint-Marcel, in the fifth ( also well known as the latin quarter), near the ""Jardin des Plantes"" , the Mosque of Paris and the Rue Mouffetard. Located in the heart of Paris, you can easily explore the city through underground lines (5 and 7) and bus (the 91 is connected to the Gare de Lyon, Austerlitz and Montparnasse).  Recently renovated, the apartment has two single beds and a nice lounge area. It is also well equipped: large shower, washing machine, dryer, oven, dishwasher, four hotplates, raclette grill and a stone-plate grill.  You also have an wireless Internet connection, a projector and a PS3. There is also a library filled with guidebooks and cookbooks are available.  You have just at the top of street a backery and a supermarket. There is also the famous farmers' market in mouffetard street ! If you want to eat something french, you have to go there ! To go to CDG airport, you can  subway 5 at compo formio and change to take the r"	"This cozy flat is very well positioned in the latin quarter. Near the natural museum, the mouffetard street, it is a good place to visit paris by foot, bycicle, bus or subway! It is also easy to access from the train station and the airport. This cozy flat is located at rue des Fosses Saint-Marcel, in the fifth ( also well known as the latin quarter), near the ""Jardin des Plantes"" , the Mosque of Paris and the Rue Mouffetard. Located in the heart of Paris, you can easily explore the city through underground lines (5 and 7) and bus (the 91 is connected to the Gare de Lyon, Austerlitz and Montparnasse).  Recently renovated, the apartment has two single beds and a nice lounge area. It is also well equipped: large shower, washing machine, dryer, oven, dishwasher, four hotplates, raclette grill and a stone-plate grill.  You also have an wireless Internet connection, a projector and a PS3. There is also a library filled with guidebooks and cookbooks are available.  You have just at the top o"
22054	This cute one-bedroom apartment (one kitchen/living-room and one bedroom) is very bright and warm thanks to two little balconies and floor-tiles. It is perfect for romantic holidays but it can also accommodate up to 3 people (one real bed + one sofa bed).	This bright one-bedroom apt is located in the heart of Paris nearby the Seine, Notre-Dame and the Pantheon. It is very authentic with exposed beams, mantlepiece, and floor-tiles. It is perfect for a romantic stay but can accommodate up to 3 persons. This cute one-bedroom apartment (one kitchen/living-room and one bedroom) is very bright and warm thanks to two little balconies and floor-tiles. It is perfect for romantic holidays but it can also accommodate up to 3 people (one real bed + one sofa bed). The apartment is small but very functional and well-equipped: kitchen (oven, fridge and hot plates), bathroom (shower and toilets), internet and wifi. Be aware: there is no washing-machine in the apartment but a laudromat nearby. I won't be in the apartment during the visitors' journey but I'm available by email for any question. Nearby the Seine, the boulevard Saint-Germain, Notre-Dame and the Pantheon, this small apartment under the rooftop is ideally located. The visitor will be able to
22055	My flat is very comfortable, you can relax after a day of sightseeing in the living room, enjoy the calm of the place, in a otherwise very lively neighborhood. It is situated near le Panthéon, le Jardins des Plantes (5 minutes walking), le Luxembourg, Notre-Dame de Paris (15 min), Le Marais and many others places to see ! The quartier latin is an old district, with a lot of restaurants and typical brasseries, and a good place to go out at night too. You'll have the chance to live an authentic parisian experience !  Some more details :  - Métros : Place Monge (7), Cardinal Lemoine (10), Gare d'Austerlitz (5) - 6th floor (without elevator), entry code - Quiet atmosphere - Free wireless - Bathroom : small bathtub/shower - Towels, linen and dishes - Kitchen : small oven, hot plate I hope to meet you soon to show you the flat ! You'll love the city ! 	My place is a charming flat (30m2), very luminous and calm, situated in the center of Paris, near many of the greatest places to visit. It's very close to the métro station Place Monge (7), Cardinal Lemoine (10) and Gare d'Austerlitz (5) My flat is very comfortable, you can relax after a day of sightseeing in the living room, enjoy the calm of the place, in a otherwise very lively neighborhood. It is situated near le Panthéon, le Jardins des Plantes (5 minutes walking), le Luxembourg, Notre-Dame de Paris (15 min), Le Marais and many others places to see ! The quartier latin is an old district, with a lot of restaurants and typical brasseries, and a good place to go out at night too. You'll have the chance to live an authentic parisian experience !  Some more details :  - Métros : Place Monge (7), Cardinal Lemoine (10), Gare d'Austerlitz (5) - 6th floor (without elevator), entry code - Quiet atmosphere - Free wireless - Bathroom : small bathtub/shower - Towels, linen and dishes - Kitche
22056	Studio de 17m², avec un canapé-lit 2 places et une (très) petite salle de bain séparée. L'entrée se fait dans un coin cuisine séparé de la pièce principale, équipée d'un frigo, de plaques, d'un micro-ondes, bouilloire, et grille-pain. Deux fenêtres double-vitrage avec rideaux, poutres au plafond, parquet au sol.	Studio pratique et agréable dans le 5e arrondissement de Paris, pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Tout proche du quartier latin, de la rue Mouffetard, du jardin des Plantes et de la grande mosquée. Nombreux cafés, restaurants et bars. Studio de 17m², avec un canapé-lit 2 places et une (très) petite salle de bain séparée. L'entrée se fait dans un coin cuisine séparé de la pièce principale, équipée d'un frigo, de plaques, d'un micro-ondes, bouilloire, et grille-pain. Deux fenêtres double-vitrage avec rideaux, poutres au plafond, parquet au sol. Quartier très sympathique et étudiant. Nombreux commerces, restaurants, cafés et bars à proximité, mais la rue est très calme (sens unique). Plusieurs cinémas, théâtres. A moins de 10 minutes à pied: - la rue Mouffetard et la place de la contrescarpe - le jardin des plantes - les arènes de Lutèce - la grande mosquée - l'institut du monde arabe L'appartement se situe à 5 minutes à pied du métro Censier-Daubenton (ligne 7), à 10 minutes de la station 
22057	ear friend, i am happy to share some valuable information about this apartment:  The apartment is cute, romantic, it contains:  living space, kitchen, separate bedroom and bathroom. It is bright and cosy and you have everything you need for your holidays. It is a typical french apartment including a fire place. The apartment is equipped with a washing machine and WiFi.  It is situated in the 5th district  known as the Latin quarter just behind the Pantheon and around the corner from  one of he oldest streets in Paris, Rue Mouffetard, where you can enjoy hundreds of cafes and traditional french restaurants.  If you fancy walking and avoiding the metro or public transport this is the place to be. The apartment is just 10 min walk from the 6th district St Germain, Luxemburg Gardens, Sorbonne, just 15 min walk from the 3rd and the exciting Marais and just 5 to Notre Dame and the river Seine. You just can't be closer to all the beauty.  Will be happy have you here and enjoy your stay.  Kind	The cutest apartment in the heart of the Latin quarter just around the corner from 100 of cafes and restaurants, walking distance from all the famous sights, but still very quite and pleasant place to stay in Paris, you just gonna love it!!! ear friend, i am happy to share some valuable information about this apartment:  The apartment is cute, romantic, it contains:  living space, kitchen, separate bedroom and bathroom. It is bright and cosy and you have everything you need for your holidays. It is a typical french apartment including a fire place. The apartment is equipped with a washing machine and WiFi.  It is situated in the 5th district  known as the Latin quarter just behind the Pantheon and around the corner from  one of he oldest streets in Paris, Rue Mouffetard, where you can enjoy hundreds of cafes and traditional french restaurants.  If you fancy walking and avoiding the metro or public transport this is the place to be. The apartment is just 10 min walk from the 6th distric
22058	This is a very nice apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter. The appartement is located in front of the subway station Censier Daubenton. The place is ideal for a anyone (couple, friends etc) who wants to spend a week in Paris at a reasonable cost while being at the very center of Paris.  You will find everything you need close by: restaurants, bars, supermarkets and touristic attractions (5mn walk from the Luxembourg/5mn walk  from the Pantheon/10 mn walk from Notre-Dames). The lovely and busy Rue Mouftar is a few steps away and it is known for its many bars and restaurants! A place you will definitly have to check out! The apartment has a double bed, a couch, a fully equiped kitchen and a washing machine. It is very quiet and charming. I would be glad to hear from anyone interested as soon as possible. I will give you an answer in the day.  Thank you and see you soon!  No deposit and free wifi	This is a very nice apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter. The appartement is located in front of the subway station Censier Daubenton. The place is ideal for a anyone (couple, friends etc) who wants to spend a week in Paris at a reasonable cost while being at the very center of Paris.  You will find everything you need close by: restaurants, bars, supermarkets and touristic attractions (5mn walk from the Luxembourg/5mn walk  from the Pantheon/10 mn walk from Notre-Dames). The lovely and busy Rue Mouftar is a few steps away and it is known for its many bars and restaurants! A place you will definitly have to check out! The apartment has a double bed, a couch, a fully equiped kitchen and a washing machine. It is very quiet and charming. I would be glad to hear from anyone interested as soon as possible. I will give you an answer in the day.  Thank you and see you soon!  No deposit and free wifi
22059	"Owner rent a two rooms apartment (remember in Paris it is illegal to sublet) Feel Like a real parisian in the Quartier Latin. Very nice 1 bedroom and living room with open kitchen. Private bathroom with toilets. Very well equipped with dishwasher, washing machine (with dryer), 37"" flat screen tv and adsl connection. To me this is the best neighbourhood in Paris as it is lively, safe, central, historic, young but a bit posh as well as it is an expensive neighbourhood. You can walk aroung the little streets full of charm that make the neighbourhood looks like a village sometimes. You could live a whole year without leaving the area as it is surrounded with every shop you need. As well as two very picturesque and traditional markets. Get to every place easily with public transports. Metro line 7 is very close and line 10 only 5 minutes away. I will be there to welcome you personaly and give you the keys"	"Owner rent a two rooms apartment (remember in Paris it is illegal to sublet) Feel Like a real parisian in the Quartier Latin. Very nice 1 bedroom and living room with open kitchen. Private bathroom with toilets. Very well equipped with dishwasher, washing machine (with dryer), 37"" flat screen tv and adsl connection. To me this is the best neighbourhood in Paris as it is lively, safe, central, historic, young but a bit posh as well as it is an expensive neighbourhood. You can walk aroung the little streets full of charm that make the neighbourhood looks like a village sometimes. You could live a whole year without leaving the area as it is surrounded with every shop you need. As well as two very picturesque and traditional markets. Get to every place easily with public transports. Metro line 7 is very close and line 10 only 5 minutes away. I will be there to welcome you personaly and give you the keys"
22060		A louer : (neuf) appartement 40 m2  LA CHAMBRE : 25m2, plein sud, grand lit, très lumineuse avec 2 fenêtres et volets roulants, poutres apparentes.  LA SALLE DE BAIN une grande salle de bain, sol en marbre, douche et baignoire
22061	C'est avec un grand plaisir que je vous accueille dans mon charmant studio pour deux personnes (au 6ème étage avec ascenseur) qui sera vous séduire par son authenticité, une décoration pour un romantisme Parisien et une fonctionnalité  afin de répondre à vos attentes pour un séjour agréable et réussi. 	Charmant studio aux poutres apparentes, accueillant, calme & typique!Peut loger deux personnes et idéalement situé au pied de la rue Mouffetard.à 10 min du jardin du Luxembourg.Profitez de sa cuisine équipée.à 5 min du métro pr ttes vos visites       C'est avec un grand plaisir que je vous accueille dans mon charmant studio pour deux personnes (au 6ème étage avec ascenseur) qui sera vous séduire par son authenticité, une décoration pour un romantisme Parisien et une fonctionnalité  afin de répondre à vos attentes pour un séjour agréable et réussi. Vous pourrez utiliser le coin cuisine avec tout le nécessaire utile pour cuisiner les produits que vous pourrez découvrir dans les nombreuses boutiques d'artisans où bien même sur le marché situé au pied de votre logement. le canapé lit 160x190 avec couette et oreillers. Draps fournies.  la salle d'eau est équipée d'une large cabine de douche et lavabo avec rangements, serviettes de bain fournies. les toilettes sont indépendantes. vous pourre
22062	This 30m2 (approx. 320 sq. Ft.) Apartment with a southern exposure IS Located on the grown floor of a beautiful 19th couryard. A coded security system and intercom year Protect the main entrance gate. The entrance door opens Into the living room area and the American kitchen area, at the end are the bathroom and toilet area. The 19m2 (approx. 200 sq. Ft.) IS furnished with living room with double-size sofa bed, a table, two chairs, built-in closets, a high-speed Internet connection, a LCD TV and a stereo. In the floor area (duplex) There are a confortably bed Two places. The Kitchen Has Two ceramic burners, a refrigerator, a kettle, a toaster and a coffee maker. The bathroom with a shower Equipped IS, a toilet and a washbasin. The nearest metro station Metro Jussieu IS Line 7 or Line Metro Maubert-Mutualité 10 Heat and hot water are electric and Both Individually metered. For rent, furnished & charming studio in a quiet building closed 19th to Pantheon and the Seine River, kitchenette,	This 30m2 (approx. 320 sq. Ft.) Apartment with a southern exposure IS Located on the grown floor of a beautiful 19th couryard. A coded security system and intercom year Protect the main entrance gate. The entrance door opens Into the living room area and the American kitchen area, at the end are the bathroom and toilet area. The 19m2 (approx. 200 sq. Ft.) IS furnished with living room with double-size sofa bed, a table, two chairs, built-in closets, a high-speed Internet connection, a LCD TV and a stereo. In the floor area (duplex) There are a confortably bed Two places. The Kitchen Has Two ceramic burners, a refrigerator, a kettle, a toaster and a coffee maker. The bathroom with a shower Equipped IS, a toilet and a washbasin. The nearest metro station Metro Jussieu IS Line 7 or Line Metro Maubert-Mutualité 10 Heat and hot water are electric and Both Individually metered. For rent, furnished & charming studio in a quiet building closed 19th to Pantheon and the Seine River, kitchenette,
22063	We're watching the euro get weaker by the moment and for those traveling based on U.S., Australian or Canadian dollars, this is a godsend. The euro is at an 11-year low against the dollar and is marked as one of the most dramatic periods in the history of currency trading. We’re seeing a real comeback by tourists whose greenbacks will get them a whole lot further on European soil.  We are located in the sought after Latin Quarter/St. Germain arrondissement, one of Paris's most prime locations near shopping, restaurants, museums and monuments.  Winter has arrived in Paris the city of lights and is in full swing. The days are crisp and bright with cool evenings, perfect for strolling the banks of the Seine amongst all the activities. With business back to usual and University students preparing for finals there is electricity in the air and plenty of taste and style in the streets. Decorations adorn the shops and seasonal products fill the boutiques with articles for sale as the season i	Air Conditioning for those hot summer nights! We're watching the euro get weaker by the moment and for those traveling based on U.S., Australian or Canadian dollars, this is a godsend. The euro is at an 11-year low against the dollar and is marked as one of the most dramatic periods in the history of currency trading. We’re seeing a real comeback by tourists whose greenbacks will get them a whole lot further on European soil.  We are located in the sought after Latin Quarter/St. Germain arrondissement, one of Paris's most prime locations near shopping, restaurants, museums and monuments.  Winter has arrived in Paris the city of lights and is in full swing. The days are crisp and bright with cool evenings, perfect for strolling the banks of the Seine amongst all the activities. With business back to usual and University students preparing for finals there is electricity in the air and plenty of taste and style in the streets. Decorations adorn the shops and seasonal products fill the bo
22064	Kitchen:  Fully equipped microwave, toaster, Nespresso, a washing machine, electric hobs and fridge. Sleeping area consists of:  - Living room: 1 comfy double sofa beds  - Bedroom: 1 double bed  - 1 baby bad Amenities:  Nice cafe and restaurants all around the area The property manager will greet you on arrival, hand you over the keys and explain how to use the different amenities. Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris's oldest and liveliest neighborhoods. These days the area has many restaurants, shops, and cafés, and a regular open market. You will also find bookshops, cinemas, theatres just at reach. The Sorbonne, the Luxembourg Gardens, the banks of the Seine and Notre Dame cathedral are just moments away. Much of rue Mouffetard is closed to traffic, adding to the overall pleasure of strolling and stopping at one of its many cafés Its location and atmosphere, reminiscent of the Middle Ages, provided inspiration to Victor Hugo while he wrote Les Misérables. Metro : Place Monge (line 7) 100	Cosy one bedroom appartment, hidden in a quiet and green courtyard next to rue Mouftard  in the 5th. arrondissement, historical center of Paris. Enjoy it : ) Kitchen:  Fully equipped microwave, toaster, Nespresso, a washing machine, electric hobs and fridge. Sleeping area consists of:  - Living room: 1 comfy double sofa beds  - Bedroom: 1 double bed  - 1 baby bad Amenities:  Nice cafe and restaurants all around the area The property manager will greet you on arrival, hand you over the keys and explain how to use the different amenities. Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris's oldest and liveliest neighborhoods. These days the area has many restaurants, shops, and cafés, and a regular open market. You will also find bookshops, cinemas, theatres just at reach. The Sorbonne, the Luxembourg Gardens, the banks of the Seine and Notre Dame cathedral are just moments away. Much of rue Mouffetard is closed to traffic, adding to the overall pleasure of strolling and stopping at one of its many cafés It
22065	This flat is located in an amazing and ancient building, Very close from shopping areas and historical center. You Will be on the riverside by two minutes walk.	Small & lovely flat in the most charming quarter of Paris. Located at 200 meters from Notre Dame, this flat belong to an historical building from the XIII th century. You Will entered in a peacefull back court that you bring you in the ancient Paris. This flat is located in an amazing and ancient building, Very close from shopping areas and historical center. You Will be on the riverside by two minutes walk. You willl have access to the whole flat (room, kitchen, bathroom) We are living to blocks from there, so we will be there 24h per day to help you and give you all the best of this quarter! We use to live there for 10 years so we know this quarter better than everyone else. You Will be in the true city center of Paris. Close to every museums and parks Very Well deserved! There is two metro station at one minute walking: Jussieu ( line 7 and 10) and Cardinal Lemoine (Line 10). 15 minutes walking from train B (Cluny Sorbonne) straight from the airport.
22066	"Our 1 bedroom appartment is a charming 63 square meter parisian style appartment located in the heart of paris. The livingroom is composed of a 2 persons sleeping sofa, a TV. The dining room is composed of a table, a desk, a hifi system. The kitchen is fully equiped, with an oven, a coffee machine, a fridge, a washing machine, a dryer, a dishwasher as well as all the necessary kitchen utensils. The bathroom is having a shower and a toilet In the appartment you will have a free wifi as well as TV channels (french + some foreigners) At 2 min walk, you have grocery stores, bakeries, butcher""s, delicatessen, restaurants and bars If you have a car, it is easy to park in the neighborhood but you will have to pay the local parking fees"	"Beautiful 63m² appt located in the heart of Paris, at 2min walk from the arènes de Lutèce,  jardin des plantes. 10min walk to Notre-Dame or the Pantheon. The metro stop Place Monge (L7) is at 2min walk and Cardinal Lemoine (L10), Jussieu at 5min Our 1 bedroom appartment is a charming 63 square meter parisian style appartment located in the heart of paris. The livingroom is composed of a 2 persons sleeping sofa, a TV. The dining room is composed of a table, a desk, a hifi system. The kitchen is fully equiped, with an oven, a coffee machine, a fridge, a washing machine, a dryer, a dishwasher as well as all the necessary kitchen utensils. The bathroom is having a shower and a toilet In the appartment you will have a free wifi as well as TV channels (french + some foreigners) At 2 min walk, you have grocery stores, bakeries, butcher""s, delicatessen, restaurants and bars If you have a car, it is easy to park in the neighborhood but you will have to pay the local parking fees"
22067	Beautiful 3 rooms located in the top floor of a building style. The apartment is composed of two large bedrooms and a large living room with sofa bed and a terrace of 20m2. It very well placed in the city center, close to the Jardin du Luxembourg and the Jardin des Plantes, near Saint Germain des Pres, Saint Michel, Latin Quarter, Notre Dame de Paris.	This large three cozy rooms will be your haven of peace for perfect start to visit Paris from its center. Located 30 seconds from the Pantheon, Luxembourg, Jardin des Plantes. 5 minutes from Saint Germain des Pres and Notre Dame de Paris. Beautiful 3 rooms located in the top floor of a building style. The apartment is composed of two large bedrooms and a large living room with sofa bed and a terrace of 20m2. It very well placed in the city center, close to the Jardin du Luxembourg and the Jardin des Plantes, near Saint Germain des Pres, Saint Michel, Latin Quarter, Notre Dame de Paris. Quiet and very bright, it is a love nest. It has an area of 90m² and a terrace of 20m2. It is on the 6th floor. You will have in this apartment with a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilet. It is 5 minutes from the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris and 10 minutes from the Louvre and Orsay Museums and others (see map) Vous voulez découvrir Paris comme un local? Louvre, Orsay, Pompidou, Notre Dame, le quarti
22068	L’entrée est au 2ème étage et donne directement sur un 1er escalier qui mène au niveau 1 (salle d’eau, salon, bureau sous verrière, cuisine) puis 2ème escalier en colimaçon amène au niveau 2 (bureau,  mezzanine, chambre avec  accès à une terrasse)	Appartement de 3 pièces sur cour donc très calme, au 3e et 4e étages, 2 chambres, salon, cuisine américaine, bureau, petite terrasse, sdb. Il se situe à 2 pas du jardin des Plantes et du quartier très branché de la rue Mouffetard. L’entrée est au 2ème étage et donne directement sur un 1er escalier qui mène au niveau 1 (salle d’eau, salon, bureau sous verrière, cuisine) puis 2ème escalier en colimaçon amène au niveau 2 (bureau,  mezzanine, chambre avec  accès à une terrasse) Vous pouvez me joindre à tout moment sur mon portable (phone number hidden) ou sur mon mail (website hidden)(email hidden)
22069	The flat is fully equipped: fast wifi, a comfy bed, an oven, electric stove, a kettle, an italian coffee maker, a hot shower (in the tiniest bathroom ever!) and all sorts of kitchen utensils. It is on the second and last floor which is great: no neighbors above your head and not much stairs to climb!	Large and cosy studio in the heart of one of the liveliest area of Paris. One step away from the Pantheon The flat is fully equipped: fast wifi, a comfy bed, an oven, electric stove, a kettle, an italian coffee maker, a hot shower (in the tiniest bathroom ever!) and all sorts of kitchen utensils. It is on the second and last floor which is great: no neighbors above your head and not much stairs to climb! You can use any utensils you need in the kitchen. Make your own breakfast, tea, coffee, cereals, milk, butter and jam... Feel free to use my cooking spices.  I also provide bed sheets & towels. It is the most beautiful arrondissement of Paris. You'll find the cutest spots just down the street: restaurants, cafés, shops, boulangeries, wine shops... Rue Mouffetard, rue du Pot de Fer and Place de la Contrescarpe are absolute must see! And they are all 1mn walking distance from my flat. The Pantheon and the Jardin du Luxembourg are 8mn away walking, Saint Germain des prés 15mn. I am absolu
22070	The studio is located in a modern building and thus has all the comfort needed. It is fully furnished, has a balcony which is ideal for lunch in spring / summer.  The apartment is very bright, and as it is oriented north-east it doesn't get too hot in the summer. It is also very cosy and well heaten for autumn / winter. Also it has just been renovated.	The studio is perfectly located in the 5th district, in the city center. It has a balcony perfect for lunch in spring / summer and it is also very cosy and well heaten for autumn / winter. I hope you will feel at home and enjoy your stay in Paris. The studio is located in a modern building and thus has all the comfort needed. It is fully furnished, has a balcony which is ideal for lunch in spring / summer.  The apartment is very bright, and as it is oriented north-east it doesn't get too hot in the summer. It is also very cosy and well heaten for autumn / winter. Also it has just been renovated. The location of the studio makes it the perfect place for holidays in Paris as the 5th district, is one of the nicest areas for walks, restaurants, drinks, markets, shops... It is a little village in the heart of the city. It is located just 2 minutes from metro line 7 which takes you to the most popular places to visit, for example the Louvre within 10 minutes. The bus 27, 21 and 47 are also v
22071	This 30 sqm apartment, quiet and bright, could accommodate 2 persons. It is located in one of the liveliest areas in Paris, The rue Mouffetard is one of the oldest streets in Paris, probably drawn from Roman times to the first century. Very picturesque, this is one of the busiest axes of the Latin Quarter because of its many restaurants. 650 meters long, it slopes gently from the mountain Sainte-Geneviève to the church of Saint-Médard. But you still can found some quiet and relaxing moments in this lovely apartment. Main room with double bed, flat-screen TV and several storage; Kitchen: fully-equipped (oven, microwave, stove, refrigerator etc.) Shower room and WC; Wifi connection, telephone Warning: Arrivals between 6:00 pm and 9:00 pm = 20 € more Arrivals between 9:00 pm and 11:00 pm = 40 € more It is possible for people who want to organize a morning arrival, but since it implies that we can not rent the apartment the night before, we charge this service at a price of 50% of that one	This 30 sqm apartment, quiet and bright, could accommodate 2 persons. It is located in one of the liveliest areas in Paris, The rue Mouffetard is one of the oldest streets in Paris, probably drawn from Roman times to the first century. Very picturesque, this is one of the busiest axes of the Latin Quarter because of its many restaurants. 650 meters long, it slopes gently from the mountain Sainte-Geneviève to the church of Saint-Médard. But you still can found some quiet and relaxing moments in this lovely apartment. Main room with double bed, flat-screen TV and several storage; Kitchen: fully-equipped (oven, microwave, stove, refrigerator etc.) Shower room and WC; Wifi connection, telephone Warning: Arrivals between 6:00 pm and 9:00 pm = 20 € more Arrivals between 9:00 pm and 11:00 pm = 40 € more It is possible for people who want to organize a morning arrival, but since it implies that we can not rent the apartment the night before, we charge this service at a price of 50% of that one
22072	L'immeuble est calme et situé dans un bon quartier. Le studio ressemble à une caverne sous les toits. Il est lumineux et propre. Nous y avons ajouté quelques couleurs qui rendent l'ambiance plus gaie, et qui reflètent assez notre façon de vivre. Le studio peut accueillir facilement 2 personnes.	L'immeuble est calme et situé dans un bon quartier. Le studio ressemble à une caverne sous les toits. Il est lumineux et propre. Nous y avons ajouté quelques couleurs qui rendent l'ambiance plus gaie, et qui reflètent assez notre façon de vivre. Le studio peut accueillir facilement 2 personnes. Le studio sera entièrement à disposition des voyageurs. Le plus important est qu'ils se sentent chez eux. La kitchenette est équipée de plaques électriques, d'un frigo, d'un four et d'un micro-onde, de quoi faire de bons repas ! La salle de bain possède une baignoire en sabot (ça n'empêche pas de prendre des douches), d'un lavabo encastré dans un meuble de rangement et de toilettes. Il y a une laverie automatique dans le quartier. Comme c'est un espace dans lequel nous vivons mon mari et moi, il y a aussi notre bibliothèque. N'hésitez pas à ouvrir l'un des livres pendant votre séjour ! Nous laissons le studio à la disposition des voyageurs quand nous-mêmes ne sommes pas sur Paris, il n'y aura do
22073	Charming studio in central Paris, close to the fountain St Michel in the heart of the Latin Quarter, completely renovated, located in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. This studio is located on the first floor of a Parisian building is elegantly decorated. It is 24 m2 with a capacity for 3 people. You'll find a double bed, a chair - bed, bathroom with shower, a kitchen (fridge and hob, dishwasher, washing machine). The floors are parquet. Linens and towels are provided, baby cot is provided.	Charming studio in central Paris, close to the fountain St Michel in the heart of the Latin Quarter, completely renovated, located in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. This studio is located on the first floor of a Parisian building is elegantly decorated. It is 24 m2 with a capacity for 3 people. You'll find a double bed, a chair - bed, bathroom with shower, a kitchen (fridge and hob, dishwasher, washing machine). The floors are parquet. Linens and towels are provided, baby cot is provided.
22074	Lovely 2 architect's rooms  with  an area of 50m² located  in the picturesque district of Mouffetard.  In a  Loft style, red bricks,  exposed beams, the apartment keeps nevertheless marks  of its history since we can find inscriptions engraved in the wood dating from the 17th century! Our apartment is completely fitted, with a very functional kitchen: electric oven, microwaves, dishwasher, induction cooker, Nespresso machine, kitchenAid. We also have, 2 TVs, High Speed Internet, Wifi, Iphone Station and for the most rash, we have an exercise bike. In the bathroom, there are a bathtub, a washing machine / tumble-dryer . Right in the heart of Paris, you are near Notre-Dame, Saint -Louis Island, Pantheon, the garden of the Luxembourg, Saint-Germain-des-prés and we shall be delighted to recommend your visits and to give you our good addresses. The district overflows with various  small shopkeepers  and  exceptional  craftsmen. You can also find a market on the charming square Monge which i	Lovely 2 architect's rooms  with  an area of 50m² located  in the picturesque district of Mouffetard.  In a  Loft style, red bricks,  exposed beams, the apartment keeps nevertheless marks  of its history since we can find inscriptions engraved in the wood dating from the 17th century! Our apartment is completely fitted, with a very functional kitchen: electric oven, microwaves, dishwasher, induction cooker, Nespresso machine, kitchenAid. We also have, 2 TVs, High Speed Internet, Wifi, Iphone Station and for the most rash, we have an exercise bike. In the bathroom, there are a bathtub, a washing machine / tumble-dryer . Right in the heart of Paris, you are near Notre-Dame, Saint -Louis Island, Pantheon, the garden of the Luxembourg, Saint-Germain-des-prés and we shall be delighted to recommend your visits and to give you our good addresses. The district overflows with various  small shopkeepers  and  exceptional  craftsmen. You can also find a market on the charming square Monge which i
22075	Location appartement proche de la rue Mouffetard (20m) Quartier historique de Paris  situé à quelques minutes (à pieds) du Jardin des plantes de Paris, du Panthéon, Mosquée de Paris... Le studio est équipé de toutes les commodités, la cuisine est séparée du séjour, lumineux sans vis à vis donnant sur un square (place Bernard Halpern). Métro Censier - Daubeton (50m) ainsi que le bus 27, 47, 91    	Location appartement proche de la rue Mouffetard (20m) Quartier historique de Paris  situé à quelques minutes (à pieds) du Jardin des plantes de Paris, du Panthéon, Mosquée de Paris... Le studio est équipé de toutes les commodités, la cuisine est séparée du séjour, lumineux sans vis à vis donnant sur un square (place Bernard Halpern). Métro Censier - Daubeton (50m) ainsi que le bus 27, 47, 91    
22076	Heart of historical Paris , lovely Frenchy, very confortable , clear and  quiet appartement , easy to find . Wonderfull and charming walks ,   aproximatly  :  Jardin des plantes , Historical Paris : Arênes de Lutèce , Quais de la seine ,  Notre Dame ,  île Saint Louis ,  Luxembourg .and cultural  centre Georges Ponpidou,  2 rooms well  furnished  appartement with unusual Object of art ,  that you will fully  enjoy . Kitchen / bed-room / bath-room / toilet / salon . A  special  electric relaxing ,  arm chair  for massage  at your disposal in the flat , If you feel tired  after a long day walk , you just lay on and let the massage working for you to reax  back and feet  for 20 minuts , marvelous!...... market place 3 times a week , many shops , bakery super market , butcher ,  And of course all the main transport lines arond  Paris ( line 7 , to OPERA , CHATELET , Gares de l'EST , du NORD  , line 10 to Boulogne  ,  5 ,   RER  Saint-Michel   to Versailles , metro luxembourg , Austerlitz ,	Heart of historical Paris , lovely Frenchy, very confortable , clear and  quiet appartement , easy to find . Wonderfull and charming walks ,   aproximatly  :  Jardin des plantes , Historical Paris : Arênes de Lutèce , Quais de la seine ,  Notre Dame ,  île Saint Louis ,  Luxembourg .and cultural  centre Georges Ponpidou,  2 rooms well  furnished  appartement with unusual Object of art ,  that you will fully  enjoy . Kitchen / bed-room / bath-room / toilet / salon . A  special  electric relaxing ,  arm chair  for massage  at your disposal in the flat , If you feel tired  after a long day walk , you just lay on and let the massage working for you to reax  back and feet  for 20 minuts , marvelous!...... market place 3 times a week , many shops , bakery super market , butcher ,  And of course all the main transport lines arond  Paris ( line 7 , to OPERA , CHATELET , Gares de l'EST , du NORD  , line 10 to Boulogne  ,  5 ,   RER  Saint-Michel   to Versailles , metro luxembourg , Austerlitz ,
22077	Elegant apartment in a 1850's building, located on rue Monge, in the 5th. arrondissement, historical center of Paris. 3 min walking from two metro stations: Place Monge and Censier Daubenton. Two blocks away from rue Mouffetard, therefore very practical but far from it's noise.  On the first floor of the building, and not on the ground floor, (no lift, but only 16 steps to climb), it faces a quiet street. Two separate bedrooms, one with a double bed, the other with a double sofa-bed. For real privacy and confort. Loads of wardrobe space. A window in each bedroom. The living room has a sofa bed that can sleep another person if needed.  The table serves 4/5 people confortably. This red  table has a lever that makes it go down to coffe table height and up to dining table height. The bathroom has a shower with 2 options: a big shower head  or  a small hand held shower. It also has a window. The apartment is fully equipped,  with microwave oven, vitroceramic cooktop, fridge, a washing/dryin	Two separate bedrooms each with double bed, a living room with a sofa bed, kitchen, bathroom. Next to Place Monge known for an excellent outdoor food market, and to rue Mouffetard, one of the first streets in Paris from roman period, the way to Rome. Elegant apartment in a 1850's building, located on rue Monge, in the 5th. arrondissement, historical center of Paris. 3 min walking from two metro stations: Place Monge and Censier Daubenton. Two blocks away from rue Mouffetard, therefore very practical but far from it's noise.  On the first floor of the building, and not on the ground floor, (no lift, but only 16 steps to climb), it faces a quiet street. Two separate bedrooms, one with a double bed, the other with a double sofa-bed. For real privacy and confort. Loads of wardrobe space. A window in each bedroom. The living room has a sofa bed that can sleep another person if needed.  The table serves 4/5 people confortably. This red  table has a lever that makes it go down to coffe table 
22078	Ce logement est idéalement situé, dans un quartier vivant et mythique par ses célèbres monuments et universités. De plus, l'appartement a été refait entièrement à neuf il y a 3 ans, donc très agréable et fonctionnel ; un vrai cocon en plein coeur de Paris.	"Very quiet apartment, in 17th century's building with separated bedroom. very good location, next to the  ""Panthéon"", ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", ""Sorbonne"" and the famous ""Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris"". Ce logement est idéalement situé, dans un quartier vivant et mythique par ses célèbres monuments et universités. De plus, l'appartement a été refait entièrement à neuf il y a 3 ans, donc très agréable et fonctionnel ; un vrai cocon en plein coeur de Paris. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'appartement en entier avec les services qui en font partie : machine à laver, sèche linge, vaisselle, éléments de cuisine, TV, WI FI... Je ne serai pas présente dans le logement mais je me tiendrai disponible en cas de besoin et un accueil tout particulier sera offert à chacun de mes invités. Mon quartier est un des plus convoités de la capitale et Historiquement incontournable par ces monuments ( Panthéon - Cathédrale Notre Dame- Jardin du Luxembourg - Musée du Moyen Age - arènes de Lutèce ) mais aussi p"
22079	Joli studio de 35m2 tout équipé situé au coeur du Quartier Latin (proche Panthéon, Notre-Dame de Paris, Sorbonne). Grande pièce à vivre, cuisine séparée, grande salle de bain. Proche toutes commodités. Au calme dans un quartier vivant et agréable. In the center of Paris, Rive Gauche, pretty studio 35m2 located in the 5th district between Panthéon, La Sorbonne and Luxembourg Gardens.  The studio has a main room with a real bed for 2 people, a separate kitchen and a bathroom with shower and toilet.  The kitchen is equipped with refrigerator, electric stove, toaster and microwave.  Cable TV and WIFI are available.  Linens and towels are provided.  There is no washing machine in the apartment but there is a laundry at 5 minutes by walk. The studio is on the 2nd floor (no elevator) in a small and peaceful street in front of the Panthéon. Located 200 m from the Luxembourg Gardens and close to St Germain des Prés and the Quartier Latin. Rer B at 5 minutes walking (direct line from Roissy-CDG 	Joli studio de 35m2 tout équipé situé au coeur du Quartier Latin (proche Panthéon, Notre-Dame de Paris, Sorbonne). Grande pièce à vivre, cuisine séparée, grande salle de bain. Proche toutes commodités. Au calme dans un quartier vivant et agréable. In the center of Paris, Rive Gauche, pretty studio 35m2 located in the 5th district between Panthéon, La Sorbonne and Luxembourg Gardens.  The studio has a main room with a real bed for 2 people, a separate kitchen and a bathroom with shower and toilet.  The kitchen is equipped with refrigerator, electric stove, toaster and microwave.  Cable TV and WIFI are available.  Linens and towels are provided.  There is no washing machine in the apartment but there is a laundry at 5 minutes by walk. The studio is on the 2nd floor (no elevator) in a small and peaceful street in front of the Panthéon. Located 200 m from the Luxembourg Gardens and close to St Germain des Prés and the Quartier Latin. Rer B at 5 minutes walking (direct line from Roissy-CDG 
22080	Unique view on gardens from 4th floor (US:5th) with elevator. Just minutes away from the colorful hustle and bustle of rue Mouffetard - but not so close that you can't sleep! Like many French professionals we particularly like this area because it is within walking distance of the Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) and Ile Saint Louis (delicious sorbets) but still quiet enough to welcome traditional French families. This district has been our home for over thirty years so we can give you plenty of tips of where to go and what to do. We have lovingly decorated the apartments with original artwork (many my watercolors) and furniture we have renovated.	This recently fully-refurbished 19th century Haussman apartment overlooks the 'Arènes de Lutece', vestiges of a Roman theatre that has been converted into a park, just minutes away from the colorful hustle and bustle of rue Mouffetard. Unique view on gardens from 4th floor (US:5th) with elevator. Just minutes away from the colorful hustle and bustle of rue Mouffetard - but not so close that you can't sleep! Like many French professionals we particularly like this area because it is within walking distance of the Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) and Ile Saint Louis (delicious sorbets) but still quiet enough to welcome traditional French families. This district has been our home for over thirty years so we can give you plenty of tips of where to go and what to do. We have lovingly decorated the apartments with original artwork (many my watercolors) and furniture we have renovated. 500 sq ft (46 sq m) apartment: 215 sq ft (20 sq m) lounge with 1 sofa and 1 sofa bed (convertible), two windows o
22081	-1 Large bedroom with double bed  -1 Living room with Gateleg table (folding) for 6 seats. 1 Chesterfield sofa convertible bed 2 places.  -Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, refrigerator)  -Bathroom with shower. -Internet (wifi) 	Charming apartment 19th century, beautifully furnished. Very quiet (courtyard) & located between the Panthéon and the Luxembourg garden. Area of 37 m2 (400 sq.ft), first floor of a Haussmann style building in the heart of Paris. -1 Large bedroom with double bed  -1 Living room with Gateleg table (folding) for 6 seats. 1 Chesterfield sofa convertible bed 2 places.  -Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, refrigerator)  -Bathroom with shower. -Internet (wifi) Ideally located in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. Between the Pantheon and the Jardin du Luxembourg.  View of the Eiffel Tower from the street.  10 minutes walk from Mouffetard market and rue Monge. Quick access to metro (1 minute walk from the RER B Luxembourg). 7 minutes from line 4 and 10. Velib station down the street. Many buses nearby the apartment. Within 50 meters, you will find all possible stores.  (small supermarket, chemist, butcher, bakery, fruits and vegetables, chocolate, cheese
22082	Perfectly located in Jussieu, in the very heart of the Latin Quarter (rue des Boulangers), central Paris 5th arrondissement. Typical parisian flat with beautiful exposed wood beams. In less than 5 minutes walking you can be at: Jardin des Plantes, Arènes de Lutèce, Panthéon, la Sorbonne, Rue Mouffetard, Mosquée de Paris, Institut du Monde Arabe, Saint Louis island and Cité island... Many cafés, restaurants, cinemas, theaters... But also supermarkets, post office, pharmacy, bakeries... - Located in a beautiful little street covered with cobblestones, less than 100 meters from Jussieu subway station - The building entrance is secured by digital lock - 3rd floor, no lift - Very quiet, nice view on a private courtyard with trees, open outlook - Decorated with taste, charming flat, exposed wood beams - Internet by Wifi, cable TV with a large choice of channels - Ideal for 2 persons, possible for a couple with two children - Surface area: 19 square meters Description: - Main room with one do	Perfectly located in Jussieu, in the very heart of the Latin Quarter (rue des Boulangers), central Paris 5th arrondissement. Typical parisian flat with beautiful exposed wood beams. Perfectly located in Jussieu, in the very heart of the Latin Quarter (rue des Boulangers), central Paris 5th arrondissement. Typical parisian flat with beautiful exposed wood beams. In less than 5 minutes walking you can be at: Jardin des Plantes, Arènes de Lutèce, Panthéon, la Sorbonne, Rue Mouffetard, Mosquée de Paris, Institut du Monde Arabe, Saint Louis island and Cité island... Many cafés, restaurants, cinemas, theaters... But also supermarkets, post office, pharmacy, bakeries... - Located in a beautiful little street covered with cobblestones, less than 100 meters from Jussieu subway station - The building entrance is secured by digital lock - 3rd floor, no lift - Very quiet, nice view on a private courtyard with trees, open outlook - Decorated with taste, charming flat, exposed wood beams - Internet 
22083		Appartement 25 m2 au rez-de-chaussée, refait à neuf et très bien équipé, avec chambre indépendante. Rue calme. 5 minutes à pied de la rue Mouffetard. Idéalement placé pour visiter Paris. Métro ligne 7, station Les Gobelins à 5-10 minutes à pied.
22084	Free international phone calls and hi speed wifi, large flat screen TV with cable connection, CD player, stereo, walk-in closet. Quiet street on the Left Bank. Close to Jardin du Luxembourg, Panthéon, Boulevard Saint-Michel, rue Moouffetard and many other attractions. RER Luxembourg. Metro: Censier Daubenton. 4th floor with a modern lift.  Parquet floors, two fireplaces, and classic ceilings. Recently renovated yet retaining original charm, the apartment has an eat-in kitchen and new bathroom. Fully furnished and equipped. About 55 sq. m. New kitchen with gas stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, clothes washer/dryer. The apartment can be arranged with either 1 or 2 bedrooms. Living room closes off to make second bedroom, with a convertible sofa that becomes a comfortable double bed.   Suitable for 2 or 3 adults. 	"""Paris is always a good idea.""   (Audrey Hepburn) Apartment de Luxe.  19th century building.  Elegant layout, located on the Left Bank on rue des Feuillantines. Free international phone calls and hi speed wifi, large flat screen TV with cable connection, CD player, stereo, walk-in closet. Quiet street on the Left Bank. Close to Jardin du Luxembourg, Panthéon, Boulevard Saint-Michel, rue Moouffetard and many other attractions. RER Luxembourg. Metro: Censier Daubenton. 4th floor with a modern lift.  Parquet floors, two fireplaces, and classic ceilings. Recently renovated yet retaining original charm, the apartment has an eat-in kitchen and new bathroom. Fully furnished and equipped. About 55 sq. m. New kitchen with gas stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, clothes washer/dryer. The apartment can be arranged with either 1 or 2 bedrooms. Living room closes off to make second bedroom, with a convertible sofa that becomes a comfortable double bed.   Suitable for 2 or 3 adults. "
22085	The apartment is located in a quiet but central area.  We're really relaxed and hope you'll feel at home.  I will be staying in the other bedroom, but the living room will still be free.	Our place is in a classic Parisian building with an inner courtyard on a quiet street in the 5th arrondissement.  It's less than 5 minutes from the Pantheon and Jardin de Luxembourg and la rue Mouffetard. The apartment is located in a quiet but central area.  We're really relaxed and hope you'll feel at home.  I will be staying in the other bedroom, but the living room will still be free. Guests will have access to the common areas (living room, kitchen and bathroom) We're available by email or text and happy to give advice (in addition to what's in our guidebook on Airbnb). Normally, we are quite busy with work and social life, so you will have plenty of privacy. The great part is that despite being central, the neighborhood is still relaxed and you get a sense of everyday life. The Quartier Latin is still the intellectual center of Paris and full of independent cinemas and tiny bookstores with books spilling out.  You'll see plaques indicating where writers including Hemingway, Joyce
22086	Studio sous les toits, récemment refait qui laisse volontairement voir à certains endroits les  tomettes d'origine.	18m2 flat in downton Paris with a little kitchen, bathroom and restroom, ideal for a single person, at the 6th floor of an Haussmanian building with no lift. Located in the Quartier Latin, by foot 10 minutes from Notre-Dame and the Pantheon ! Studio sous les toits, récemment refait qui laisse volontairement voir à certains endroits les  tomettes d'origine. Le Quartier Latin est depuis le Moyen-Âge le quartier estudiantin par excellence: on y trouve des bibliothèques historiques, les meilleurs lycées et universités de France, de nombreuses librairies. On peut tout faire à pied: en moins de 15 minutes, on arrive à Notre-Dame, au Jardin des Plantes, au Panthéon, au collège des Bernardins, au musée de Cluny, à la Sorbonne, au Jardin du Luxembourg, à la rue Mouffetard, aux églises Saint Nicolas du Chardonnet, Saint Ephrem, Saint Séverin, Saint Julien le Pauvre et surtout la magnifique église de Saint Etienne du Mont.  On trouve dans ce quartier peu de boutiques de luxe et de restaurants chi
22087	Cet appartement sous les toits est littéralement sculpté dans le bois. Dans l'entrée, un petit escalier en colimaçon vous conduira au premier étage, où vous découvrirez une cuisine ouverte toute équipée et un grand salon avec un espace lit une place et un canapé-lit pouvant accueillir deux personnes. L'endroit idéal pour un couple ou une famille! La décoration est soignée et vintage, avec un esprit sixties. Sur votre droite, une jolie salle à manger donne directement sur la petite terrasse, où vous trouverez une table et des fauteuils pour manger à l'extérieur et où vous pourrez admirer la fabuleuse vue sur les toits de Paris et sur la tour Eiffel.  Sur votre gauche, une petite chambre avec un lit deux places et une salle de bain avec baignoire, qui ressemble à une cabine de bateau. Un véritable cocon pour vos séjours parisiens! Sans oublier que l'appartement est situé au coeur du quartier historique et magique du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, de la Sorbonne, et du théâtre de l'Odéon. La ru	Splendide appartement en duplex atypique de 3 pièces dans la mythique rue Malebranche. 60m2 en plein cœur de Paris, situé au pied du jardin du Luxembourg, de la Sorbonne et du Panthéon, avec une terrasse qui donne directement sur la tour Eiffel. Cet appartement sous les toits est littéralement sculpté dans le bois. Dans l'entrée, un petit escalier en colimaçon vous conduira au premier étage, où vous découvrirez une cuisine ouverte toute équipée et un grand salon avec un espace lit une place et un canapé-lit pouvant accueillir deux personnes. L'endroit idéal pour un couple ou une famille! La décoration est soignée et vintage, avec un esprit sixties. Sur votre droite, une jolie salle à manger donne directement sur la petite terrasse, où vous trouverez une table et des fauteuils pour manger à l'extérieur et où vous pourrez admirer la fabuleuse vue sur les toits de Paris et sur la tour Eiffel.  Sur votre gauche, une petite chambre avec un lit deux places et une salle de bain avec baignoire
22088	Guaranteed QUIET flat, guaranteed LOTS OF LIGHT (top floor flat with elevator). CENTRAL PARIS. Well-equipped kitchen ; bathroom with shower attachment. Big double bed for 2 people, but if there are 3 of you, you can also have an additional single mattress (on the floor).	Appartment guaranteed quiet and sunlit (top floor with lift) with double bedroom for 1 or 2 people (extra mattress supplied if 3).  CENTRAL Paris - 15 minute riverside walk to Notre-Dame!  Shared well-equipped kitchen + bathroom (shower attachment). Guaranteed QUIET flat, guaranteed LOTS OF LIGHT (top floor flat with elevator). CENTRAL PARIS. Well-equipped kitchen ; bathroom with shower attachment. Big double bed for 2 people, but if there are 3 of you, you can also have an additional single mattress (on the floor). It's a great district, right by the park and the river.  In the summer lots of people have picnics by the Seine and people congregate there to listen to music and dance.   Very close by are a number of bus lines, the metro (lines 5 and 10) and the RER train (line C).  There are also taxis in the Gare d'Austerlitz station.
22089	In a quiet and secure neighborhood, Charming studio located between the 5th and the 13th district, on the 6th floor of a walk up building. Very well located, at the start of the Latin Quarter, the district is very alive, touristic and safe. It is a 5 minute walk away from the rue Mouffetard, one of Paris’s most traditional and animated cobbled streets. The studio is surrounded by many shops, many theatres, various types of restaurants, supermarkets, and a lot of public transportations : Metro L7 : Gobelins L6 : Glacière L 5, 6, 7 : Place d’Italie RER B : Port Royal Lots of buses 91 : To go to the Gare Montparnasse, Gare de Lyon or Bastille Some go to many touristical places : 27 or 21 : Quartier Latin, Notre Dame, the Louvre, Opéra Garnier, Galeries Lafayette, Gare Saint Lazare 47 : Quartier Latin, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Gare de l’Est 83 : Jardin du Luxembourg, rue du Bac, Invalides, Champs-Elysées The studio includes a kitchen (equipped with a fridge, a hob and a microwave), a bathroom	In a quiet and secure neighborhood, Charming studio located between the 5th and the 13th district, on the 6th floor of a walk up building. Very well located, at the start of the Latin Quarter, the district is very alive, touristic and safe. It is a 5 minute walk away from the rue Mouffetard, one of Paris’s most traditional and animated cobbled streets. The studio is surrounded by many shops, many theatres, various types of restaurants, supermarkets, and a lot of public transportations : Metro L7 : Gobelins L6 : Glacière L 5, 6, 7 : Place d’Italie RER B : Port Royal Lots of buses 91 : To go to the Gare Montparnasse, Gare de Lyon or Bastille Some go to many touristical places : 27 or 21 : Quartier Latin, Notre Dame, the Louvre, Opéra Garnier, Galeries Lafayette, Gare Saint Lazare 47 : Quartier Latin, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Gare de l’Est 83 : Jardin du Luxembourg, rue du Bac, Invalides, Champs-Elysées The studio includes a kitchen (equipped with a fridge, a hob and a microwave), a bathroom
22090	The apartment has an extraordinary location close to many monuments and notable places, accessible by the metro (the closest station - Cardinal Lemoine - being literally 30 SECONDS away) or by feet. We will leave you a note with: - WIFI code and info about the flat - What to do/see around the flat, restaurant/bar recommendations - City and metro maps - Guides about restaurants in English and French. PLEASE DO NOT TAKE THE GUIDE BOOKS WITH YOU AT THE END OF YOUR STAY. Other guests after you might want to use them. We already had guests stealing expensive city guides we had left for them to discover the city and enjoy their time in Paris.	Lovely little flat with perfect location : in the Latin Quarter, close to Notre Dame, St Germain, the gardens of Luxembourg, quais de Seine... Clean, calm and with modern equipment, a perfect place to fall in love with this Moveable Feast ! The apartment has an extraordinary location close to many monuments and notable places, accessible by the metro (the closest station - Cardinal Lemoine - being literally 30 SECONDS away) or by feet. We will leave you a note with: - WIFI code and info about the flat - What to do/see around the flat, restaurant/bar recommendations - City and metro maps - Guides about restaurants in English and French. PLEASE DO NOT TAKE THE GUIDE BOOKS WITH YOU AT THE END OF YOUR STAY. Other guests after you might want to use them. We already had guests stealing expensive city guides we had left for them to discover the city and enjoy their time in Paris. You will have access to the entire apartment :  - Double bedroom with comfortable bed - Living room with large sof
22091	Découvrez ce bel appartement récemment rénové, lumineux, et en plein Quartier Latin. A mi-chemin entre Montparnasse et la rue Mouffetard, cet appartement de charme classique parisien situé au 3eme étage avec ascenseur se compose d' un grand séjour avec un long balcon attenant. Ce séjour possède un magnifique parquet d'époque très bien entretenu, un canapé confortable et convertible pour le couchage deux autres personnes. Une chambre au calme avec placard pour vos affaires. La salle de bain est composée d'une cabine de douche spacieuse. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. 	Découvrez ce bel appartement récemment rénové, lumineux, et en plein Quartier Latin. A mi-chemin entre Montparnasse et la rue Mouffetard, cet appartement de charme parisien est situé au 3eme étage avec ascenseur  Découvrez ce bel appartement récemment rénové, lumineux, et en plein Quartier Latin. A mi-chemin entre Montparnasse et la rue Mouffetard, cet appartement de charme classique parisien situé au 3eme étage avec ascenseur se compose d' un grand séjour avec un long balcon attenant. Ce séjour possède un magnifique parquet d'époque très bien entretenu, un canapé confortable et convertible pour le couchage deux autres personnes. Une chambre au calme avec placard pour vos affaires. La salle de bain est composée d'une cabine de douche spacieuse. La cuisine est entièrement équipée.  RER : Port Royal Metro : Les Gobelins (7) Bus : 91 , 83 Taxi station
22092	The apartment is a 1 bedroom and 1 living room of 40m² absolutely charming. It consists of a large living room opened on a fully equipped kitchen (induction hot plates, fridge, oven, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, juicer etc ..). The living room is very bright with opposite windows. The furniture is modern and stylish which accentuates the charm of this typical Parisian apartment with its two fireplaces (one in the bedroom, the other in the living room). The bedroom is very comfortable and cozy and offers all the amenities with quality bedding and plenty of storage. Enjoy a modern and spacious bathroom with large tub and lovely taps. The apartment is very pleasant, clean, and fully equipped (washing machine, raclette machine, wok and hot stone). We obviously have wifi connection, sound system and a printer. The apartment is equipped with double-glazing windows.	Live the true Parisian experience and lifestyle with this absolutely charming apartment. We are located nearby the Place Monge at the heart of an animated neighborhood. Enjoy your stay in one of the most famous Parisian neighborhood. The apartment is a 1 bedroom and 1 living room of 40m² absolutely charming. It consists of a large living room opened on a fully equipped kitchen (induction hot plates, fridge, oven, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, juicer etc ..). The living room is very bright with opposite windows. The furniture is modern and stylish which accentuates the charm of this typical Parisian apartment with its two fireplaces (one in the bedroom, the other in the living room). The bedroom is very comfortable and cozy and offers all the amenities with quality bedding and plenty of storage. Enjoy a modern and spacious bathroom with large tub and lovely taps. The apartment is very pleasant, clean, and fully equipped (washing machine, raclette machine, wok and hot stone). We obviously
22093		Renovated, 2 bedrooms, 6 sleeps, top equipment and complete new range charm of exposed beams, quiet. 100m from the Seine, near monuments. Subway, bus, Public Cycles within 200m. Bordeaux wine as a welcome. Enjoy! Stop at subway station Jussieu (line 7 or 10) or Cardinal Lemoinde (line 10).
22094	Bonjour :) I rent out a bedroom into my warm apt. It gives access to the bathroom that we share as well as the kitchen and the living room. This is a pleasure to receive you in Paris, you'll love it! I rent the bedroom wich is located behind the living room. I have my own bedroom. Maybe someone else occupy the living room. We will share the flat! ABOUT THIBAUT, YOUR HOST : Years of travel, years of adventure, discovery, meeting people, cultures, arts and differences. . Then one day full of knowledge and wisdom, I decided to settle down. I've found the perfect place to rest... here in Paris :) I work in biotechnology start-up! And I love making people confortable, and happy!	"it is a nice appartement  in the heart of Paris!  You can't find a best localisation than this one, in the heart of ""quartier latin"" and 3 min walk to ""rue mouffetard"" It's just renovated and you will find every thing you need, maybe a french diner!! Bonjour :) I rent out a bedroom into my warm apt. It gives access to the bathroom that we share as well as the kitchen and the living room. This is a pleasure to receive you in Paris, you'll love it! I rent the bedroom wich is located behind the living room. I have my own bedroom. Maybe someone else occupy the living room. We will share the flat! ABOUT THIBAUT, YOUR HOST : Years of travel, years of adventure, discovery, meeting people, cultures, arts and differences. . Then one day full of knowledge and wisdom, I decided to settle down. I've found the perfect place to rest... here in Paris :) I work in biotechnology start-up! And I love making people confortable, and happy! Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone. "
22095	The Paris apartment is on the 2nd floor with a lift. The access is secured with a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The large windows overlook the lovely Maitre Albert street, a quiet street that leads to Quai de la Tournelle. This 30 sqm studio has been repainted in June 2014. It has been organized and equipped to offer a maximum of comfort. The entrance corridor opens into the main room, very well appointed. It has a double bed 160×200 and a convertible sofabed 140×190. In theory this apartment could sleep up to four guests, however because of its small surface it is advertised for three people only. We think it will be ideal for a couple, but a small family of three on a tight budget will appreciate this sofabed. The apartment has access to broadband internet and a television with cable TV channels.  The equipped kitchen will be perfect to cook simple meals. It is open to the main room. The dining area features a table for four people. You can put your clothes in a large	Charming 30 sqm studio to rent for up to three guests, exceptionally well located in Paris, next to the Seine River and Maubert Mutualité. The Paris apartment is on the 2nd floor with a lift. The access is secured with a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The large windows overlook the lovely Maitre Albert street, a quiet street that leads to Quai de la Tournelle. This 30 sqm studio has been repainted in June 2014. It has been organized and equipped to offer a maximum of comfort. The entrance corridor opens into the main room, very well appointed. It has a double bed 160×200 and a convertible sofabed 140×190. In theory this apartment could sleep up to four guests, however because of its small surface it is advertised for three people only. We think it will be ideal for a couple, but a small family of three on a tight budget will appreciate this sofabed. The apartment has access to broadband internet and a television with cable TV channels.  The equipped kitchen will be perfe
22096	Our 40 square meter apartment has a bedroom, a living room, a separate kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub.  Feel free to use the: •candles •washing machine •nespresso coffee machine •oven, cooker, microwave, food mixer •internet on wifi •speakers on Bluetooth •large cable TV •treadmill  •land line phone to different places in the world for free Clean towels, beds heets, shampoo an soap provided. The apartment is on the 5th floor WITHOUT lift. You could request an air mattress if you are 3 or 4 but it is obviously less comfortable than 2 persons in the apartment.	Located in the famous and historical Quartier Latin. Very central, safe, typical and charming nieghboorhood. 15 min walk from Notre Dame. 2rooms appartment, separate kitchen, well decorated, fully equiped and confortable. 5th floor, 40 sqm. Our 40 square meter apartment has a bedroom, a living room, a separate kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub.  Feel free to use the: •candles •washing machine •nespresso coffee machine •oven, cooker, microwave, food mixer •internet on wifi •speakers on Bluetooth •large cable TV •treadmill  •land line phone to different places in the world for free Clean towels, beds heets, shampoo an soap provided. The apartment is on the 5th floor WITHOUT lift. You could request an air mattress if you are 3 or 4 but it is obviously less comfortable than 2 persons in the apartment. Full access. I might not be able to give the keys but I will explain everything and there will be my neighboor. You can always reach me on the phone or email. In our view, the best area of 
22097	A cosy and modern flat in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. This area is perfect to enjoy parisian lifestyle. The apartment is brand new in a sober and elegant atmosphere. Located in a peaceful residential street close to the Panthéon Monument and the famous Mouffetard street, this apartment is close to all that Paris has to offer. Here you'll have a room and a sofa (including a bed) in the living room . Allow to accommodate 3/4 persons in this Cosy apartment . There is a double bed and a wardrobe in the room  also You will receive the keys, blankets, towels, sheets and what ever you need for a comfortable stay.  The apartment is very practical. The kitchen includes everthing usefull and especially the washing-machine and coffee machine. I also share my free Wifi access and TV. Please let me know if you have any other questions.	A cosy and modern flat in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. This area is perfect to enjoy parisian lifestyle. The apartment is brand new in a sober and elegant atmosphere. A cosy and modern flat in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. This area is perfect to enjoy parisian lifestyle. The apartment is brand new in a sober and elegant atmosphere. Located in a peaceful residential street close to the Panthéon Monument and the famous Mouffetard street, this apartment is close to all that Paris has to offer. Here you'll have a room and a sofa (including a bed) in the living room . Allow to accommodate 3/4 persons in this Cosy apartment . There is a double bed and a wardrobe in the room  also You will receive the keys, blankets, towels, sheets and what ever you need for a comfortable stay.  The apartment is very practical. The kitchen includes everthing usefull and especially the washing-machine and coffee machine. I also share my free Wifi access and TV. Please let me know if you have any other 
22098	This elegant 42sqm Paris apartment rental has been arranged to optimize its use. The entrance opens on a small corridor that first leads to the spacious bathroom (with a walk-in shower and the toilets) and then to the main room. This main room has been divided in several areas : first the living-room part, with a couch, two seats and a coffee table. Then the sleeping area with a high quality armoir-bed (with a 140x200 comfortable new mattress), with mirrors on either side. A wardrobe and storage space have been hidden behind the mirrors on both sides of the bed. The studio is spacious enough to leave the bed down if you prefer. The fitted kitchen opens out to the main room. Its high chairs enable you to sit at the counter. To conclude, this charming Paris studio is perfect for a couple or a single person to rent while visiting the city. This will be a great pied-a-terre allowing you to discover many parts of the city on foot. The studio is located on the 1st floor of a small building, 	You will feel like you are living in a small village, while the busy city centre is only a walk away, in this Paris studio apartment rental in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Sleeps two people. This elegant 42sqm Paris apartment rental has been arranged to optimize its use. The entrance opens on a small corridor that first leads to the spacious bathroom (with a walk-in shower and the toilets) and then to the main room. This main room has been divided in several areas : first the living-room part, with a couch, two seats and a coffee table. Then the sleeping area with a high quality armoir-bed (with a 140x200 comfortable new mattress), with mirrors on either side. A wardrobe and storage space have been hidden behind the mirrors on both sides of the bed. The studio is spacious enough to leave the bed down if you prefer. The fitted kitchen opens out to the main room. Its high chairs enable you to sit at the counter. To conclude, this charming Paris studio is perfect for a couple or a sing
22099	A bright and charming apartment in a 17th century building (fifth floor) located just 200 metres from Notre Dame Cathedral, centre of Paris, in the Latin Quarter. Completely renovated, warm and comfortable, the apartment includes： · a fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine, drying machine, fridge, hob, dishwasher) · a living room with a very comfortable sofa bed (queen size), flat screen TV, high speed internet · a bedroom with a queen size bed, a desk corner . a bathroom with a large Italian style shower.   The apartment is situated in the historical Paris with an excellent transportation system (metro, RER B St Michel, bus, taxi). The area can be easily explored on foot or by bicycle (Paris’ bicycle rental ‘Vélib’ is just at the entrance of the building). Paris’ many monuments and museums such as Cluny La Sorbonne, Saint Michel, La Conciergerie, La Sainte Chapelle, Saint Louis island, Le Louvre Museum, Mouffetard district, Beaubourg Modern Museum are all within 15 m	Two-room apartment, sunny, in a XVIIe century building. Completely renovated and well equipped, it is ideal for visiting Paris.  A bright and charming apartment in a 17th century building (fifth floor) located just 200 metres from Notre Dame Cathedral, centre of Paris, in the Latin Quarter. Completely renovated, warm and comfortable, the apartment includes： · a fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine, drying machine, fridge, hob, dishwasher) · a living room with a very comfortable sofa bed (queen size), flat screen TV, high speed internet · a bedroom with a queen size bed, a desk corner . a bathroom with a large Italian style shower.   The apartment is situated in the historical Paris with an excellent transportation system (metro, RER B St Michel, bus, taxi). The area can be easily explored on foot or by bicycle (Paris’ bicycle rental ‘Vélib’ is just at the entrance of the building). Paris’ many monuments and museums such as Cluny La Sorbonne, Saint Michel, La Concier
22100		3e étage sur cour, grande pièce à vivre lumineuse, chambre cosy avec porte fenêtre. Proximité commerces, cafés, restaurants, marché, métro (100 mètres), Panthéon à 50 mètres. Silencieux. Idéal pour des vacances en couple !
22101	This chic two-bedroom Left Bank apartment, situated in a building dating from the 1600's, is located on a quiet, narrow medieval street just several feet from the Seine River and directly across from the Cathedral of Notre Dame. Francois Mitterand, President of France for 14 years, lived on the rue de Bièvre for decades and his widow continues to live on the street. This comfortable Triplex is seconds away from Boulevard St. Germain and minutes from the Boulevard St. Michel, the Panthéon, the Sorbonne, Cluny and the Jardin des Plantes. Bistros, cafés, restaurants, art galleries and boutiques abound in the surrounding streets. Perhaps you would enjoy simply exploring the neighborhood or just watching the world go by from a café. The choice is yours. The Seine River, both of the historic islands (Ile St.-Louis and Ile de la Cité), Notre Dame Cathedral, the Louvre, the Pantheon, the famous bookstore Shakespeare and Co., Berthillon's (the ultimate French ice cream) and the medieval Marais 	Historic 3 story apartment with rooftop terrace, just steps away from the River Seine and Notre Dame.  Elegant, historic building on quite medieval street. Sleeps 5 This chic two-bedroom Left Bank apartment, situated in a building dating from the 1600's, is located on a quiet, narrow medieval street just several feet from the Seine River and directly across from the Cathedral of Notre Dame. Francois Mitterand, President of France for 14 years, lived on the rue de Bièvre for decades and his widow continues to live on the street. This comfortable Triplex is seconds away from Boulevard St. Germain and minutes from the Boulevard St. Michel, the Panthéon, the Sorbonne, Cluny and the Jardin des Plantes. Bistros, cafés, restaurants, art galleries and boutiques abound in the surrounding streets. Perhaps you would enjoy simply exploring the neighborhood or just watching the world go by from a café. The choice is yours. The Seine River, both of the historic islands (Ile St.-Louis and Ile de la C
22102	Confortable spaces and very well located, 30 metres away from Place Saint Michel, in rue Hautefeuille.  Calm and warm! 	Very nice, clear and confortable flat. Fully equipped with living room with sofa bed and extra bed on the mezzanine platform, restroom completely renewed, kitchen fully equipped.  Confortable spaces and very well located, 30 metres away from Place Saint Michel, in rue Hautefeuille.  Calm and warm! 
22103	This classic Parisian apartment is the best place to stay to discover the Latin Quarter and the rue Mouffetard. It is within a short walk of the Pantheon, Luxembourg garden, Sorbonne, Botanical Garden, Paris Mosque, Gobelin manufacture, and Notre Dame. The Louvre is a short bus ride away. The apartment: The apartment is 53 m2, composed of a large living room with a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with bathtub and separate toilets. The bedroom has a queen-size bed, and the sofa bed in the living room comfortably sleeps 2 more people. There is also a BabyBjorn travel crib, a baby bathtub and a baby chair ready for you if you need them! Ecological: We are very conscious of our environment, and only clean with ecological products.	New listing! Welcome to our cozy place in the heart of the Mouffetard district. In a classic Parisian building on a quiet street, opposite to the metro, it is a short walk from all the sights of the Latin Quarter (Pantheon, Sorbonne, Luxembourg). This classic Parisian apartment is the best place to stay to discover the Latin Quarter and the rue Mouffetard. It is within a short walk of the Pantheon, Luxembourg garden, Sorbonne, Botanical Garden, Paris Mosque, Gobelin manufacture, and Notre Dame. The Louvre is a short bus ride away. The apartment: The apartment is 53 m2, composed of a large living room with a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with bathtub and separate toilets. The bedroom has a queen-size bed, and the sofa bed in the living room comfortably sleeps 2 more people. There is also a BabyBjorn travel crib, a baby bathtub and a baby chair ready for you if you need them! Ecological: We are very conscious of our environment, and only clean with ecologic
22104		Exceptional penthouse in the heart of Old Paris historic district. In a quiet street of the Latin Quarter. Close to Saint Germain des Prés and Notre Dame. Walking distance from Jardin du Luxembourg.   Easy access to all major bus & subway lines
22105	Comfortable luminous 1 bedroom apartment in the 5th district of Paris. It boasts a large living room of 25 square meters, a spacious bedroom, bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, dishwasher,...). In the living room there is a sofa-bed, a video projector with numerous DVDs that are at your disposition.  The apartment is situated in a calm street with easy access to public transport: RER Port Royal (line , Metro Censier Daubenton (line 7). It is situated at 10 minutes walk from the Luxembourg gardens and the Mouffetard neighbourhood. There are also multiple buses (91, 21, 83) that serve the Gare de Lyon, montparnasse, austerlitz stations and the Bon Marché, Montsouris parc and the Louvre museum.	Comfortable luminous 1 bedroom apartment in the 5th district of Paris. It boasts a large living room of 25 square meters, a spacious bedroom, bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, dishwasher,...). In the living room there is a sofa-bed, a video projector with numerous DVDs that are at your disposition.  The apartment is situated in a calm street with easy access to public transport: RER Port Royal (line , Metro Censier Daubenton (line 7). It is situated at 10 minutes walk from the Luxembourg gardens and the Mouffetard neighbourhood. There are also multiple buses (91, 21, 83) that serve the Gare de Lyon, montparnasse, austerlitz stations and the Bon Marché, Montsouris parc and the Louvre museum. j'apprecie aller au marché situé a 5 minutes de l'appartement, boulevard Port royal les mardi, jeudi et samedi. Le restaurant asiatique Mytho en bas de l'immeuble est excellent.
22106	This cozy studio with stones and beams -consuming , will be your haven of perfect peace to begin to visit Paris from its center . Located rue St Severin in a quiet and charming courtyard , it is : at the foot of the church of St. Séverin 2 minutes from Notre Dame de Paris . and a street Quays of the Seine. housing Hello everyone, You want to discover Paris like a local ? Louvre, Orsay, Pompidou , Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter , atypical bistros, fanciful breakfasts overlooking the Seine as in postcards You just around the corner. I have a Studio 20m square, on the ground floor , good for two people. It has a bedroom with a king size bed . A crib is available on demand. The apartment has a bathroom . The apartment is typical of the Latin Quarter : Beam and stonework. It very well placed in the city center, in St Severin ( pedestrian street), near the Fontaine Saint -Michel on the edge of the Seine , 2 minutes from Notre Dame and 15 minutes from the Louvre and the Museum Orsay and others	11 Saint Séverin Street 75005 Paris at 100m From Notre-Dame de Paris.   Studio 20m square on courtyard with a big double bed. equiped with Shower, Sink, toilet, and a nice kitchen.  A closet with maching machine. This cozy studio with stones and beams -consuming , will be your haven of perfect peace to begin to visit Paris from its center . Located rue St Severin in a quiet and charming courtyard , it is : at the foot of the church of St. Séverin 2 minutes from Notre Dame de Paris . and a street Quays of the Seine. housing Hello everyone, You want to discover Paris like a local ? Louvre, Orsay, Pompidou , Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter , atypical bistros, fanciful breakfasts overlooking the Seine as in postcards You just around the corner. I have a Studio 20m square, on the ground floor , good for two people. It has a bedroom with a king size bed . A crib is available on demand. The apartment has a bathroom . The apartment is typical of the Latin Quarter : Beam and stonework. It very we
22107	The apartment is located on 3rd floor with elevator. 3 bedrooms : 1st has a double bed (180x200), 2nd has a simple bed convertible into double bed (90/180x200), 3rd has 2 single beds (90x180). In the living room a flat screen TV, cable chanels and X-Box. Fully equipped kitchen, including Nespresso and Sodastream machines. Loundry with washing machine and dryer. 	115m² apt in a charming XIXth century building located in a quiet Quartier Latin street, Paris 5ème. 3 bedrooms, spacious living room and a dining room with fireplace, fully equiped kitchen, 2 bathrooms. Perfect apartment for parisian holidays ! The apartment is located on 3rd floor with elevator. 3 bedrooms : 1st has a double bed (180x200), 2nd has a simple bed convertible into double bed (90/180x200), 3rd has 2 single beds (90x180). In the living room a flat screen TV, cable chanels and X-Box. Fully equipped kitchen, including Nespresso and Sodastream machines. Loundry with washing machine and dryer.  Wifi in all rooms.  Linen and towels provided. We will welcome our visitors when they arrive. We remain available if they need anything during their stay. The 5ème arrondissement in the Quartier Latin is located in the heart of Paris. All around the appartment you will find cafés, restaurants, supermarkets and bakeries. 5 minutes walk and you will arrive to the relaxing Jardin des plant
22108	AMENITIES: -Perfectly equipped apartment in the beautiful Latin Quarter -Located in a private and secure residential apartment building -1 bedroom apartment with a pull-out couch and balcony -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro : Maubert-Mutualité (Line 10) This 60sqm apartment is located on the 5th floor of a residential apartment building with an elevator. The building is accessible by a securely coded door and then an individual key. With parquet flooring throughout, you really know that you are in Paris when staying in this apartment. The master bedroom has a large double bed with French windows leading out onto the balcony suitable for 2 people. You have all the storage space you could need with a walk in cupboard and wardrobe just next to the bedroom with hanging space and drawers for all your clothes. All towels and linens are provided as well as complementary bath and shower gel for your stay. The living room has a large sofa that can be pulled out to create sleeping space	5th Arrondissement Latin Quarter Apartment  1 Bedroom, 1 living room, sleeps 4, 1 Full bathroom, 1 Kitchen AMENITIES: -Perfectly equipped apartment in the beautiful Latin Quarter -Located in a private and secure residential apartment building -1 bedroom apartment with a pull-out couch and balcony -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro : Maubert-Mutualité (Line 10) This 60sqm apartment is located on the 5th floor of a residential apartment building with an elevator. The building is accessible by a securely coded door and then an individual key. With parquet flooring throughout, you really know that you are in Paris when staying in this apartment. The master bedroom has a large double bed with French windows leading out onto the balcony suitable for 2 people. You have all the storage space you could need with a walk in cupboard and wardrobe just next to the bedroom with hanging space and drawers for all your clothes. All towels and linens are provided as well as complementary bath and
22109	Appartement de 2 pièces dans un immeuble calme. 1 chambre avec un vrai lit et un salon-cuisine: lave vaisselle, frigo et congélateur, 2 plaques électriques, lave linge.  Salle de bain: douche + WC.	2 pièces calme au centre de Paris: dans le quartier latin, à proximité de la rue Mouffetard et du Panthéon! Pour profiter du calme, juste en face vous: le Jardin des plantes et le Jardin des Arènes!  Cuisine équipée et salle de bain. Appartement de 2 pièces dans un immeuble calme. 1 chambre avec un vrai lit et un salon-cuisine: lave vaisselle, frigo et congélateur, 2 plaques électriques, lave linge.  Salle de bain: douche + WC. Super quartier, calme et à proximité de lieux de balades et de visites (Jardin des Plantes, musée, Arènes de Lutèce, quais de la Seine et bien d'autres , tous à 5 minutes à pieds!) Vous pouvez faire des courses à quelques minutes à pied. La fameuse rue Mouffetard est à 2 minutes à pied! C'est donc un quartier très agréable qui mêle calme et visites en étant à proximité des lieux si visités! Bus et métro (ligne 7 et 10) à 2 minutes. Vélib' aussi! Disponible les mois de juillet, août et début septembre 2015. L'immeuble est très calme, l'appartement est au 1er étag
22110	- Large and very sunny two-bedroom apartment (75 square meters / 750 sq. ft) in the « Quartier Latin ». At the intersection of Boulevard Saint-Michel and boulevard Montparnasse. A lot of Parisian chic et charme : traditional wooden floor, antique chimneys in all rooms, in a classic early 19th century stone building, located in a calm, silent street The apartment is a 2-minute walk away from the Observatory Gardens and 4-minute walk away from the Luxembourg Garden. Several convenience stores and a mini-supermarket are located a 2-minute walk away. Ideal for a family or two to three couples. - Located on the fourth floor (fifth floor for Americans) with elevator, nice street view, equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub. - One king size ergonomic bed (Tempur) in the main bedroom. - One queen size convertible couch in the second bedroom. - A convertible couch (2 persons) in the living room, The apartment is ideal for 4 or 6 persons.   - The area is one of nicest areas in Paris: the street	- Large and very sunny two-bedroom apartment (75 square meters / 750 sq. ft) in the « Quartier Latin ». At the intersection of Boulevard Saint-Michel and boulevard Montparnasse. A lot of Parisian chic et charme : traditional wooden floor, antique chimneys in all rooms, in a classic early 19th century stone building, located in a calm, silent street The apartment is a 2-minute walk away from the Observatory Gardens and 4-minute walk away from the Luxembourg Garden. Several convenience stores and a mini-supermarket are located a 2-minute walk away. Ideal for a family or two to three couples. - Located on the fourth floor (fifth floor for Americans) with elevator, nice street view, equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub. - One king size ergonomic bed (Tempur) in the main bedroom. - One queen size convertible couch in the second bedroom. - A convertible couch (2 persons) in the living room, The apartment is ideal for 4 or 6 persons.   - The area is one of nicest areas in Paris: the street
22111		Appartement de 70m2, au 4e étage avec ascenseur, plein Sud, balcon filant, vue Jardin du petit Luxembourg, 2 chambres, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, 1 cuisine toute équipée, 1 salon lumineux, situé à 5min à pied du RER B. Le jardin du luxembourg
22112	"This one-bedroom apartment is perfect for a couple and is an excellent deal for the ""5th district"". Apartment description: -1 double bed with a bathroom (15m2) -Large living room (16m2) -Very convenient kitchen -Safe building (with video surveillance, 2-door access)"	Located in the heart of P - Sorbonne, the flat is in the legendary Latin Quarter.  This two bedroom apartment is perfect up to 4 people. It was newly renovated this year.  The apartment is very welcoming and peaceful. **View on Ei
22113	Close to all amenities and most of all every tourist attractions, museums, galleries at a walking distance.  Its a total Paris experience!	This fantastic studio flat is situated in a beautifully historical building, right in the middle of Latin Quarter, Paris' most desired, fashionable area. Close to all amenities and most of all every tourist attractions, museums, galleries at a walking distance.  Its a total Paris experience! Totally renewed, clean, bright studio flat comes with a kitchen unit and shower/WC Everything you need like shampoo, towel, bedding, toothpaste, soap provided All you need is bring yourself over here  Please let us know if you need any help regarding how to get here, restaurants, museums or anything else. We'll be happy to help. Quartier Mouffetard, Place Contrescarpe, Les Arenes, Ile Saint Louis, Cathedrale Notre Dame, Quartier Bastille, Quartier Marais etc. Metro Cardinal Lemoine Bus (phone number hidden) Bateau-bus Station Veil
22114	STANDING Having dialed a security code to go through the porch, you go through two charming courtyards to reach the entrance of the building. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor and there is a lift. Some of its windows overlook an inner courtyard, others look out over the rooftops of Paris, making this flat really peaceful and quiet. LAYOUT This 65m2 apartment to rent in Paris is on 2 levels. Downstairs, the main room is divided into two areas: the dining area with a wooden dining table accommodating 6+ guests and the living area with a flat screen TV and a sofa-bed (with a high quality mattress for one person only, 120x190). Although non-operational, this room boasts a beautiful chimney as its focal point, typical French floor tiles “Tomettes” and wooden beams. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped. The bathroom has a large corner bathtub / shower. Conveniently the toilet acts as a second washroom with a basin. Upstairs you will find two separate bedrooms and an office space.	  A perfect Paris apartment rental for a family of up to 6 people, ideal for discovering the city and its attractions. The proximity of food stores and many gourmet boutiques is convenient and will be a major part of your Parisian experience.    STANDING Having dialed a security code to go through the porch, you go through two charming courtyards to reach the entrance of the building. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor and there is a lift. Some of its windows overlook an inner courtyard, others look out over the rooftops of Paris, making this flat really peaceful and quiet. LAYOUT This 65m2 apartment to rent in Paris is on 2 levels. Downstairs, the main room is divided into two areas: the dining area with a wooden dining table accommodating 6+ guests and the living area with a flat screen TV and a sofa-bed (with a high quality mattress for one person only, 120x190). Although non-operational, this room boasts a beautiful chimney as its focal point, typical French floor tiles “Tomet
22115	The apartment is located in a lively area surrounded by shops, monuments and transportation. It allows access to all of Paris in no time while being located in a quiet street	This fully equipped two rooms is located near the Latin Quarter between the rue Mouffetard and the Place d'Italie. Calm with windows overlooking the street and courtyard on the 5th floor. The living rooms are spacious: guaranteed pleasant stay. The apartment is located in a lively area surrounded by shops, monuments and transportation. It allows access to all of Paris in no time while being located in a quiet street Travelers will have access to cable TV, internet, washing machine, small auxiliary heater in the bathroom, a freshener, fridge (and freezer), a vacuum cleaner and a wardrobe. We will be present at the return of keys and inventory. What we value in this area is the accessibility of transport, many restaurants and bars, and despite so much activity, the street where we are located is very quiet to be able to rest of busy days! The area is really well served by public transport:  - Subway Gobelins (L.7) or Campo Formio (L.5)  - Bus (27, forty seven, 57, sixty seven, 83 and 91)
22116	Perfect location on lively Contrescarpe Square in famous Latin Quarter for your new parisian home. On 2nd floor of a parisian typical building you will appreciate the perfect layout with a bright large living room overlooking the square and its fontain through 2 windows letting a lot of light and sun get in, comfortable sofa sitting corner, table for dining. 2 good size bedrooms overlooking Mouffetard Street, with desk. A bathroom with bathtub and laundry corner, separate toilet and an equipped bright kitchen. Charm of the hardwood floor, visible beams, quality furniture are some appreciable plus.	Perfect location on lively Contrescarpe Square in famous Latin Quarter. Great layout with bright living room overlooking the square, 2 good size bedrooms, modern bathroom with bathtub, well equipped kitchen. Steps from Pantheon, on Mouffetard Street. Perfect location on lively Contrescarpe Square in famous Latin Quarter for your new parisian home. On 2nd floor of a parisian typical building you will appreciate the perfect layout with a bright large living room overlooking the square and its fontain through 2 windows letting a lot of light and sun get in, comfortable sofa sitting corner, table for dining. 2 good size bedrooms overlooking Mouffetard Street, with desk. A bathroom with bathtub and laundry corner, separate toilet and an equipped bright kitchen. Charm of the hardwood floor, visible beams, quality furniture are some appreciable plus. The apartment is a private one in a residential building. It's perfectly organized and equipped to enable you to feel at home instantly. Free In
22117	The apartment of 35m2, is Perfect to accommodate 4 guests easily ! Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17 th century, on the 3rd floor of the building D, without elevator but with easy steps. The apartment is Clean, Luminous with 3 Windows overlooking the very Quiet Courtyard. The Interior Design is Typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams, freestone walls, woodrail, bull’s-eye window, French door… LIVING ROOM with one sofa, coffe table, one flatscreen TV, a (convertible for 4) DINING Table and chairs. The Open KITCHEN is Fully Equipped with Fridge, Oven, Microwave Stove, Cooker Hood, boiler, coffe machine, toaster The BEDROOM has one double bed (140x200) The BATHROOM is Independent from the bedroom, with Shower, wc, and a Washing machine. The MEZZANINE is above the kitchen and bathroom with 1 double mattress and 2 single mattress of quality. The Check In is from 3pm until 8pm and the Check Out before noon. If the place is	Perfect LOCATION for Visiting Paris :  In the Pedestrian Area of Quartier Latin, near the metro and RER St Michel major line B.  The building is between Quai Saint Michel and Boulevard Saint Germain,  5 minutes by foot from Notre Dame de Paris... The apartment of 35m2, is Perfect to accommodate 4 guests easily ! Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17 th century, on the 3rd floor of the building D, without elevator but with easy steps. The apartment is Clean, Luminous with 3 Windows overlooking the very Quiet Courtyard. The Interior Design is Typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams, freestone walls, woodrail, bull’s-eye window, French door… LIVING ROOM with one sofa, coffe table, one flatscreen TV, a (convertible for 4) DINING Table and chairs. The Open KITCHEN is Fully Equipped with Fridge, Oven, Microwave Stove, Cooker Hood, boiler, coffe machine, toaster The BEDROOM has one double bed (140x200) The BATHROOM is Independe
22118	In a 19th century building, our flat is a typical parisian flat, with a wooden floor in living room and bedroom, with a South-West orientation in order to enjoy on the sun on the balcony during the afternoon.	In the heart of the 5th arrondissement of Paris, lovely parisian flat on the 5th floor with an elevator in the building, in a very quiet neighborhood, bright with a nice balcony. 42 square M, 1 LR with a sofa bed, 1 BR with a Queen Size Bed and a large closet, a kitchen with gas cooking and electrical oven, microwave, dishwasher.. fully equiped, shower & restroom. Wifi connexion. 2 minutes away from the famous street rue Mouffetard. 10 minutes away from le Jardin du Luxembourg and le Panthéon. In a 19th century building, our flat is a typical parisian flat, with a wooden floor in living room and bedroom, with a South-West orientation in order to enjoy on the sun on the balcony during the afternoon. Situated in the fifth (cinquième) arrondissement of Paris, Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris's oldest and liveliest neighborhoods. The area has many restaurants, shops, and cafés, and a regular open market. It is centered on the Place de la Contrescarpe, at the junction of the rue Mouffetard an
22119	COMME UN VRAI PARISIEN, MON APPARTEMENT PERSONNEL DEVIENDRA LE VOTRE POUR QUELQUES JOURS !  Duplex de 2 chambres au coeur du Quartier Latin à quelques pas de la Seine, de la Cathédrale Notre-Dame, de la Sorbonne ou encore du Panthéon. Ce duplex de 70mcarré est au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'une bâtisse du 16ème siècle (porte principale protégée par un  système de code et d'interphone).  Disposition de l'appartement : La porte d'entrée s'ouvre sur un grand open space de 30 mcarré où se trouve la salle à manger, la cuisine américaine ainsi que le salon donnant sur la rue avec une exposition au sud. Les escaliers mènent à une première chambre en mezzanine ouverte sur le (website hidden) même étage se trouve la seconde chambre à coucher, la salle de bain et les toilettes séparées.  Salon: un canapé et ses deux fauteuils en cuir (Le Corbusier), une table basse, une stéréo, une TV/DVD (plus de 100 chaînes par l'intermédiaire de l'ADSL).  Salle à manger: table en verre avec 4 chaises.  Cuis	Comme un vrai parisien, au cœur du quartier latin, proche de Notre Dame, la Sorbonne, le Pantheon COMME UN VRAI PARISIEN, MON APPARTEMENT PERSONNEL DEVIENDRA LE VOTRE POUR QUELQUES JOURS !  Duplex de 2 chambres au coeur du Quartier Latin à quelques pas de la Seine, de la Cathédrale Notre-Dame, de la Sorbonne ou encore du Panthéon. Ce duplex de 70mcarré est au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'une bâtisse du 16ème siècle (porte principale protégée par un  système de code et d'interphone).  Disposition de l'appartement : La porte d'entrée s'ouvre sur un grand open space de 30 mcarré où se trouve la salle à manger, la cuisine américaine ainsi que le salon donnant sur la rue avec une exposition au sud. Les escaliers mènent à une première chambre en mezzanine ouverte sur le (website hidden) même étage se trouve la seconde chambre à coucher, la salle de bain et les toilettes séparées.  Salon: un canapé et ses deux fauteuils en cuir (Le Corbusier), une table basse, une stéréo, une TV/DVD (plus de
22120	Au premier étage d'un bel immeuble sans ascenseur, dans une petite rue calme, l'appartement fait 35m2, avec un grand salon avec une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. La salle de bain a une douche et une machine à laver et un sèche linge. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec frigo, machine à café, lave vaisselle, toaster, plaques de cuisson. La chambre séparée a un grand lit et des rangements. 	Au cœur du quartier latin, appartement au 1er étage décoré avec goût et très bien équipé. Un grand salon avec un canapé lit, une cuisine ouverte, une chambre séparée avec une salle de bain avec douche. Possibilité d'accueillir 4 personnes. Au premier étage d'un bel immeuble sans ascenseur, dans une petite rue calme, l'appartement fait 35m2, avec un grand salon avec une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. La salle de bain a une douche et une machine à laver et un sèche linge. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec frigo, machine à café, lave vaisselle, toaster, plaques de cuisson. La chambre séparée a un grand lit et des rangements. Tout est à disposition dans l'appartement : internet wifi, télévision, cuisine, draps, linge de maison, serviettes de bain. Je vous accueille moi-même à l'appartement. Au cœur du quartier latin, à deux pas de Saint Germain des Près, et du quartier de l'Odéon. L'appartement est idéalement situé pour visiter Pari
22121	Ideal for a couple which wish to enjoy the Parisian life. Guests can also be a group of 3, thanks to the sofa couch in the living room.	Cosy flat in the Quartier Latin with one bedroom and one living room, next to la Seine river, Notre Dame de Paris, lots of shops and lovely typical parisian restaurants.  20m to the Metro station Cardinal Lemoine and 300m to Jussieu station. Ideal for a couple which wish to enjoy the Parisian life. Guests can also be a group of 3, thanks to the sofa couch in the living room. Le Quartier Latin is both a busy yet quiet area and is less touristy than other arrondissement. Close proximity to the Panthéon, Notre Dame (10 minute walk), as well as rue Mouffetard (for lovers of food, people watching, and bars). A short 5 minute walk from the appartement will lead you to La Seine where you can bring a picnic blanket (provided) to watch the sunset over La Notre Dame. Very practical with only a 30 second walk to Cardinal Lemoine metro station (line 10) and 5 minute walk to Jussieu metro station (line 7). Bus stop at the foot of the appartment building. Appartement sits directly above a convenient
22122	Le logement comprend un chambre privée dans un appartement de 5 pièces avec balcon et salle de bain directement attenante à la chambre (à partager).	Au cœur du quartier Latin à côté du jardin du Luxembourg, du Panthéon et de La Sorbonne, cette chambre accueillante et ensoleillée pouvant recevoir une personne se trouve dans un appartement typiquement parisien disposant d'un balcon avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Le logement comprend un chambre privée dans un appartement de 5 pièces avec balcon et salle de bain directement attenante à la chambre (à partager). Salle de bain, cuisine et salon à partager.  Non fumeur.  Très disponible pour échanger avec les voyageurs. Parle anglais et donnera volontiers des conseils pour les visites de Paris. Aime bien découvrir différentes cultures quartier historique et centre culturel important avec de nombreux musées , restaurants, cinémas, librairies. Quartier très vivant ( Universités et Ecoles ) Station : Luxembourg RER B  Nombreux bus. (phone number hidden).
22123	The studio itself is quaint, but it is comfortable for one person for short of long term stays.  There is a number of cafes in the surrounding area, great night life, Rue Muffetard is a 2 minute walk away - great cafes, boulangeries, patisseries, poissonaries, shops and parks.  Also a 3 minute walk to Paris 3 University.  Great energy in the 5th arrondissement, close to everything,  	Private studio on the top floor (with lift) in a cute Parisian building next to Censier Metro in the 5th Arrondissement. Close to Luxembourg Gardens, Saint - Germain.  Surrounded by great cafes and shops, quintessential Paris.        The studio itself is quaint, but it is comfortable for one person for short of long term stays.  There is a number of cafes in the surrounding area, great night life, Rue Muffetard is a 2 minute walk away - great cafes, boulangeries, patisseries, poissonaries, shops and parks.  Also a 3 minute walk to Paris 3 University.  Great energy in the 5th arrondissement, close to everything,   the whole apartment.  check in / out - available to answer questions at any time.  fabulous neighborhood!  close to Saint Germain, Luxumbourg Gardens, cafes, shops.. live like a Parisien! metro is a 1 minute walk away 
22124	This studio has been fully renovated recently.  It has everything to ensure your comfortable stay in Paris.  This studio is really quiet in a nice yard and all equipped:  - A kitchen with refrigerator & freezer, microwave, toaster, kettle, dish ware, etc  - TV, wifi internet - bathroom with washing machine and dryer - Towels and bed sheets are provided -Computer desk -Kitchen table with chairs -Large wardrobe for clothing and bags. -Ironing board Everything you need is close by (less than 5 minutes walk): bakeries, some of the best cafes and good restaurants, markets (fruits and vegetables), supermarkets, Fishmonger's shop, butcher's shop, cheese & dairy, etc... and also all transportation, buses, metro, taxi...	Brand new, charming  and all equipped studio with beams and brick-built walls, in a small yard at the heart of Paris.  Everything is close by: shops, market, transportations, gardens... the perfect place to enjoy a stay in Paris! This studio has been fully renovated recently.  It has everything to ensure your comfortable stay in Paris.  This studio is really quiet in a nice yard and all equipped:  - A kitchen with refrigerator & freezer, microwave, toaster, kettle, dish ware, etc  - TV, wifi internet - bathroom with washing machine and dryer - Towels and bed sheets are provided -Computer desk -Kitchen table with chairs -Large wardrobe for clothing and bags. -Ironing board Everything you need is close by (less than 5 minutes walk): bakeries, some of the best cafes and good restaurants, markets (fruits and vegetables), supermarkets, Fishmonger's shop, butcher's shop, cheese & dairy, etc... and also all transportation, buses, metro, taxi... After booking I'll send u all instructions about
22125	Lovely and modern apartment, bedroom for two, 32m2, fully furnished, in perfect conditions (renovated in 2011).  It is located in the heart of Paris (5th district), 50 meters from Boulevard Saint Germain and 200 meters from Notre Dame Cathedral. The building is located in front of the police station, so you are not going to have security problems during your stay. The apartment is very quiet. It is located on the first floor of an interior building, with no elevator. It includes a bedroom with a double bed of 200cm x 160cm, very comfortable, with a duvet. Next to the bedroom, you have the shower room with a sink and a shower (80cm x 100cm) and a dry towel. The kitchen, American style, is fully equipped with all appliances, including fridge/freezer, toaster, microwave, oven, induction hot plates, dishes and usetensils for cooking, and a washing/dry machine. In the living room there is a sofa bed (200cm x 140cm in bed position) in which two adults can sleep comfortably, a flat TV screen 	Modern and quiet flat, fully equipped from 33m². Located at 2min walk from Panthéon, Ile Saint Louis and Notre Dame. One bedroom for two person and a convertible two person as well in the living room. Until 4 adults Lovely and modern apartment, bedroom for two, 32m2, fully furnished, in perfect conditions (renovated in 2011).  It is located in the heart of Paris (5th district), 50 meters from Boulevard Saint Germain and 200 meters from Notre Dame Cathedral. The building is located in front of the police station, so you are not going to have security problems during your stay. The apartment is very quiet. It is located on the first floor of an interior building, with no elevator. It includes a bedroom with a double bed of 200cm x 160cm, very comfortable, with a duvet. Next to the bedroom, you have the shower room with a sink and a shower (80cm x 100cm) and a dry towel. The kitchen, American style, is fully equipped with all appliances, including fridge/freezer, toaster, microwave, oven,
22126	The Apartment Features: Living-room with dining area and direct access to the terrace Fully-furnished and opened kitchen with washing machine Double bedroom with closet Shower room with toilets First floor of a typical Parisian building in the heart of Latin district Free Wifi Throughout Bed linens and towels included Glissez-vous dans la peau d'un véritable parisien avec ce bien authentique récemment refait à neuf mais qui a su garder son cachet avec de belles poutres au plafond. Profitez d'un équipement complet pour un séjour dans le quartier le plus ancien de Paris construit par les Romains u Ier siècle avant J.-C et reflètant le style de vie parisien et le centre intellectuel emblématique de la capitale.	Poussez les portes de ce splendide appartement de 2 pièces de 21 m2 récemment refait à neuf dans un style moderne au 1er étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble cossu du quartier Latin . Idéal pour 2, surprenez votre dulcinée ! The Apartment Features: Living-room with dining area and direct access to the terrace Fully-furnished and opened kitchen with washing machine Double bedroom with closet Shower room with toilets First floor of a typical Parisian building in the heart of Latin district Free Wifi Throughout Bed linens and towels included Glissez-vous dans la peau d'un véritable parisien avec ce bien authentique récemment refait à neuf mais qui a su garder son cachet avec de belles poutres au plafond. Profitez d'un équipement complet pour un séjour dans le quartier le plus ancien de Paris construit par les Romains u Ier siècle avant J.-C et reflètant le style de vie parisien et le centre intellectuel emblématique de la capitale. Le quartier Latin est le plus vieux de Paris. Profitez d'un
22127	"Located on the 2th floor, wonderful studio of 280ft2 (26m2), with exposed beams, opposite the famous cathedral of Notre Dame de Paris and very close from Shakespeare and Company (bookstore). It has been inhabited by famous people as ""Le Mime Marceau"" (""Bip the Clown"") and Diane Dufresne.  Fully equipped with kitchen, washing machine, Nespresso machine, 3D TV, high-speed internet Wifi, phone, etc. the studio is ideal for couples and possibly 3 people (extra mattress). Please note the bed is a high quality real bed mattress placed on a sofa bed and is very comfortable. Everything is provided: kitchen utensils, linens and towels, etc.. You will only need your toothbrush! It is a very luxuriously equipped apartment. For example, the heater is the mirror between the two windows. This appartement is located in the heart of Paris in the Latin Quarter, world famous historic district. The Pantheon, the Musée du Louvre, Saint-Germain Des Pres, Beauboug, the Eiffel Tower, will be just minutes awa"	"""INCREDIBLE LOCATION, RIGHT IN THE HEART OF PARIS WITH A SPECTACULAR VIEW OF NOTRE DAME AND THE SEINE"". Extract from Liam's review. Located on the 2th floor, wonderful studio of 280ft2 (26m2), with exposed beams, opposite the famous cathedral of Notre Dame de Paris and very close from Shakespeare and Company (bookstore). It has been inhabited by famous people as ""Le Mime Marceau"" (""Bip the Clown"") and Diane Dufresne.  Fully equipped with kitchen, washing machine, Nespresso machine, 3D TV, high-speed internet Wifi, phone, etc. the studio is ideal for couples and possibly 3 people (extra mattress). Please note the bed is a high quality real bed mattress placed on a sofa bed and is very comfortable. Everything is provided: kitchen utensils, linens and towels, etc.. You will only need your toothbrush! It is a very luxuriously equipped apartment. For example, the heater is the mirror between the two windows. This appartement is located in the heart of Paris in the Latin Quarter, world famou"
22128		Ideally located in the heart of Paris in the 5th district, near Notre Dame - RER A, B, C, Metro (phone number hidden)
22129	Situé derrière les arènes de Lutèce (Quartier latin), cet appartement, de près de 90m2, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, comme une maison sur les toits de Paris, vous ravira grâce à son jardin d’hiver, sa jolie terrasse de 15m2, et son calme abolu. Vous pourrez admirer le Sacré Coeur, la Tour St Jacques et  la vue magique des toits de Paris. Vous pourrez vous reposer d’une bonne journée de visite, sur le salon de jardin, à l’abris des regards et ensoleillé toute au long de la journée. Seul au dernier étage, cet appartement très lumineux, comporte : - Un séjour donnant sur la véranda et la terrasse, avec un canapé pouvant servir de couchage d'appoint pour une personne - Une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, entièrement équipée (plaques induction, grand four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, machine Nespresso), avec une table pouvant accueillir 4 à 6 personnes - Une suite parentale avec un lit double de 160 cm et salle de bain avec baignoire - En duplex, une chambre sous les toits, 	Situé derrière les arènes de Lutèce (Quartier latin), cet appartement, de près de 90m2, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, comme une maison sur les toits de Paris, vous ravira grâce à son jardin d’hiver, sa jolie terrasse de 15m2, et son calme abolu. Vous pourrez admirer le Sacré Coeur, la Tour St Jacques et  la vue magique des toits de Paris. Vous pourrez vous reposer d’une bonne journée de visite, sur le salon de jardin, à l’abris des regards et ensoleillé toute au long de la journée. Seul au dernier étage, cet appartement très lumineux, comporte : - Un séjour donnant sur la véranda et la terrasse, avec un canapé pouvant servir de couchage d'appoint pour une personne - Une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, entièrement équipée (plaques induction, grand four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, machine Nespresso), avec une table pouvant accueillir 4 à 6 personnes - Une suite parentale avec un lit double de 160 cm et salle de bain avec baignoire - En duplex, une chambre sous les toits, 
22130	The apartment is located in a 17th century listed building, the neighborhood is full of markets, restaurants and shops. You are at 5 min walking from the Pantheon, la Sorbonne and the jardin du Luxembourg. You will be able to do your shopping rue Mouftard where stands a permanent market, in the traditional French way of living. This is the ideal place in the historic heart of Paris to spend your holidays.	A cosy one bedroom apartment ideally located in the heart of historical Paris' Latin Quarter, you're overlooking Place de la Contrescrape & rue Mouffetard ! The apartment is located in a 17th century listed building, the neighborhood is full of markets, restaurants and shops. You are at 5 min walking from the Pantheon, la Sorbonne and the jardin du Luxembourg. You will be able to do your shopping rue Mouftard where stands a permanent market, in the traditional French way of living. This is the ideal place in the historic heart of Paris to spend your holidays. A large living room with American kitchen overlooking the Rue Mouffetard. You can see the life of the Latin Quarter from your windows. The room is very calm on the other side of the apartment (courtyard) . Subway : Cardinal Lemoine (line 10) and Place Monge (line7) are around 5 min walking distance RER Luxembourg (direct airport CDG) is around 10/15 min walking distance
22131	Au cœur de Paris, passez un séjour inoubliable dans un appartement d'exception ! LE QUARTIER Face au jardin du Luxembourg, à deux pas du Panthéon, vous serez au cœur du quartier Saint Germain et du quartier Latin..  Le quartier est animé : commerces, restaurants, boutiques,... et belles promenades en perspective. Vous serez également très bien placé pour visiter tous les autres quartiers de Paris. Le RER B est à deux pas (accès direct aux aéroports) et de nombreux bus desservent les plus beaux monuments de Paris.  L'APPARTEMENT Situé au dernier étage d'un bel immeuble ancien typiquement parisien, vous serez époustouflé par la vue sur tout Paris : Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse, Sacré-Cœur, Grand Palais, Saint Sulpice, Panthéon, jardin du Luxembourg, etc... Probablement la plus belle vue de la capitale dont vous pourrez pleinement profiter, confortablement installé dans le canapé, ou depuis la magnifique terrasse ! L'appartement, atypique et plein de charme, est répartit sur 3 niveaux. Depui	Au cœur de Paris, passez un séjour inoubliable dans un appartement d'exception ! LE QUARTIER Face au jardin du Luxembourg, à deux pas du Panthéon, vous serez au cœur du quartier Saint Germain et du quartier Latin..  Le quartier est animé : commerces, restaurants, boutiques,... et belles promenades en perspective. Vous serez également très bien placé pour visiter tous les autres quartiers de Paris. Le RER B est à deux pas (accès direct aux aéroports) et de nombreux bus desservent les plus beaux monuments de Paris.  L'APPARTEMENT Situé au dernier étage d'un bel immeuble ancien typiquement parisien, vous serez époustouflé par la vue sur tout Paris : Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse, Sacré-Cœur, Grand Palais, Saint Sulpice, Panthéon, jardin du Luxembourg, etc... Probablement la plus belle vue de la capitale dont vous pourrez pleinement profiter, confortablement installé dans le canapé, ou depuis la magnifique terrasse ! L'appartement, atypique et plein de charme, est répartit sur 3 niveaux. Depui
22132	In the heart of the Mouffetard street: a lot of shops are just in front of the building, and plenty of great restaurants and bars along the street. The flat is an original 2 rooms flat, 35sqm, lighty with 4 windows that open to a yard (calmy!), with storage space, an simply equipped kitchen (but enough!), a chimney, and a sofa. Very cosy, the location is incredibly great in the heart of the 5th	In the heart of the Latin Quarter, on Mouffetard Street, the appartment is a pretty 2 rooms flat, in a calm yard right behind the street. Restaurants, bars, shops, metro&touristic spots within 2 min! In the heart of the Mouffetard street: a lot of shops are just in front of the building, and plenty of great restaurants and bars along the street. The flat is an original 2 rooms flat, 35sqm, lighty with 4 windows that open to a yard (calmy!), with storage space, an simply equipped kitchen (but enough!), a chimney, and a sofa. Very cosy, the location is incredibly great in the heart of the 5th Kitchen: fridge, cooking equipment, microwaves, plates, etc.. Bedroom: bed 2 persons, sheets, towels living-room: sofa, table, ...  I'll be there welcoming, and helping if needed during your stay Great neighborhood! Very dynamic with plenty of bars, restaurants, shops, ... Very attractive with a lot of touristic spots to visit, to see, to live Very convinient: in the heart of Paris! Métro Censier Da
22133	 A 5th floor apartment (US 6th) without elevator. It comprises 1 bedroom, 1 shower room, seperate wc, 1 living room with open kitchen. Very quiet (all windows on courtyard) and clear. All just renovated. In a small building, nice and safe. Amenities and services provided: - Free WIFI,  - Hair dryer - Towels - Bed linen - One double bed in the bedroom and a double confortable sofa  (convertible) in the living room.  Kitchen is fully equipped with :  Induction Cooktop - Kettle,  Coffee Machine - Washing Machine - Refrigerator/Freezer - Toaster. 	Nice apartment for 4 people (1 room with double bed, 1 convertible sofa in living room). Right in the historical center of Paris near Sorbonne, Notre Dame, Ile St Louis,... Metro and buses at 3 min. 5th floor without elavator. Very quiet and clear.  A 5th floor apartment (US 6th) without elevator. It comprises 1 bedroom, 1 shower room, seperate wc, 1 living room with open kitchen. Very quiet (all windows on courtyard) and clear. All just renovated. In a small building, nice and safe. Amenities and services provided: - Free WIFI,  - Hair dryer - Towels - Bed linen - One double bed in the bedroom and a double confortable sofa  (convertible) in the living room.  Kitchen is fully equipped with :  Induction Cooktop - Kettle,  Coffee Machine - Washing Machine - Refrigerator/Freezer - Toaster. No restriction. The apartment is entirely and only for you. Somebody will be there to meet you while arriving and to show you everything. Owners can be reached by phone permanently. The area is one of t
22134	En plein coeur du Quartier Latin, ce studio avec une vue sympathique sur la cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il dispose d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo et cabinet WC et d'un canapé lit confortable. C'est un appartement tout a fait fonctionnel, très lumineux et qui vous permettra de passer un séjour a Paris au coeur de la ville historique.  Le cinquième arrondissement est un des quartiers les plus festifs et les plus dynamiques de Paris avec des bars, restaurants pour tous les gouts et pour tous les prix. De nombreux commerces et magasins se trouvent à proximité et le marché de la place Maubert est à 150m. Vous vous retrouverez a deux pas de la prestigieuse université de la Sorbonne mais également du musée de Cluny. Le jardin du Luxembourg se situe a environ 200 mètres de l'appartement tout comme la cathédrale Notre Dame et le carré de l'Odéon. Enfin le Panthéon ou la place Saint Michel sont à moins de 5 minutes a pied et sont d	En plein coeur du Quartier Latin, ce studio de charme avec vue sur la cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il dispose d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo et cabinet WC et d'un canapé lit confortable. En plein coeur du Quartier Latin, ce studio avec une vue sympathique sur la cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il dispose d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo et cabinet WC et d'un canapé lit confortable. C'est un appartement tout a fait fonctionnel, très lumineux et qui vous permettra de passer un séjour a Paris au coeur de la ville historique.  Le cinquième arrondissement est un des quartiers les plus festifs et les plus dynamiques de Paris avec des bars, restaurants pour tous les gouts et pour tous les prix. De nombreux commerces et magasins se trouvent à proximité et le marché de la place Maubert est à 150m. Vous vous retrouverez a deux pas de la prestigieuse université de la Sorbonne
22135	"This typical parisian flat with wooden floor and exposed beams located in the heart of Paris in the Latin district will make your stay in Paris very comfortable and unforgettable!  The flat contains : - one bedroom with a doublebed which is very quiet since it is facing the court yard of the building (sheets are provided) ; -one bathroom with a bathtub, a sink, W-C and a washing machine (towels are provided) ; - a living room with a convertible sofa (2 people), 2 armchairs, a dining table (for 4 people), a flat tv screen, a dvd player, a radio; - a kitchen fully equiped with a fridge, 2 hotplates,an extractor hood, a dishwasher, a toaster, a kettle, an oven/micro-wave The flat is on the 2nd floor without elevator/lift. The flat is located at the corner of the very lively ""rue (street) Mouffetard"" which is famous for its street food market - every day except for mondays - restaurants, bars and all sorts of small shops. The neighbourhood is lively, typical and charming and you will find "	"This typical parisian flat with wooden floor and exposed beams located in the heart of Paris in the Latin district will make your stay in Paris very comfortable and unforgettable!  The flat contains : - one bedroom with a doublebed which is very quiet since it is facing the court yard of the building (sheets are provided) ; -one bathroom with a bathtub, a sink, W-C and a washing machine (towels are provided) ; - a living room with a convertible sofa (2 people), 2 armchairs, a dining table (for 4 people), a flat tv screen, a dvd player, a radio; - a kitchen fully equiped with a fridge, 2 hotplates,an extractor hood, a dishwasher, a toaster, a kettle, an oven/micro-wave The flat is on the 2nd floor without elevator/lift. The flat is located at the corner of the very lively ""rue (street) Mouffetard"" which is famous for its street food market - every day except for mondays - restaurants, bars and all sorts of small shops. The neighbourhood is lively, typical and charming and you will find "
22136	This apartment is located rue de Bievre in the 5th arrondissement, at a quiet and pedestrian street leading to the Seine river, Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, and the Saint Louis Island. It is here that the University was born with its famous school, the Sorbonne, the Panthéon and St Etienne du Mont Church. Many shops and stores are close to the apartment such as: bakeries, butcheries, supermarkets, open air markets, theaters, restaurants, cafes-clubs, drugstores. It is a very attractive apartment in a highly-central Left-Bank location. This very elegant 85 square meters apartment can accomodate up to 4 people exceptionally 5. The living room is very large and offers different areas : a very comfortable sitting area, with two sofas and one armchair ; a dining area with a table and 5 chairs and desk area. There are two bedrooms. The master bedroom is furnished by a queen size bed, a wide cupboard and two armchairs. The second bedroom is located on the mezzanine and has two twin single b	This apartment is located rue de Bievre in the 5th arrondissement, at a quiet and pedestrian street leading to the Seine river, Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, and the Saint Louis Island. This apartment is located rue de Bievre in the 5th arrondissement, at a quiet and pedestrian street leading to the Seine river, Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, and the Saint Louis Island. It is here that the University was born with its famous school, the Sorbonne, the Panthéon and St Etienne du Mont Church. Many shops and stores are close to the apartment such as: bakeries, butcheries, supermarkets, open air markets, theaters, restaurants, cafes-clubs, drugstores. It is a very attractive apartment in a highly-central Left-Bank location. This very elegant 85 square meters apartment can accomodate up to 4 people exceptionally 5. The living room is very large and offers different areas : a very comfortable sitting area, with two sofas and one armchair ; a dining area with a table and 5 chairs and desk are
22137	Studio idéalement situé pour visiter Paris et se reposer en même temps. Le quartier Latin, le Panthéon, la Seine sont tout près. Le magnifique jardin du Luxembourg est en face. Le studio est tout neuf, très fonctionnel et très agréable. Lit double en mezzanine avec rangements. Au rez-de-chaussée, coin cuisine, canapé deux places, table pliante, chaise, fenêtre qui donne sur une belle cour calme. Salle de bain neuve avec cabine de douche et toilettes. En bref: un véritable nid! 12 mètres carrés environ au sol + mezzanine 4 mètres. A 30 mètres da la station Luxembourg du RER B. Nombreux bus et nombreuses lignes de métro à moins de 8 minutes à pied (lignes 12, 4).	Studio idéalement situé pour visiter Paris et se reposer en même temps. Le quartier Latin, le Panthéon, la Seine sont tout près. Le magnifique jardin du Luxembourg est en face. Le studio est tout neuf, très fonctionnel et très agréable. Lit double en mezzanine avec rangements. Au rez-de-chaussée, coin cuisine, canapé deux places, table pliante, chaise, fenêtre qui donne sur une belle cour calme. Salle de bain neuve avec cabine de douche et toilettes. En bref: un véritable nid! 12 mètres carrés environ au sol + mezzanine 4 mètres. A 30 mètres da la station Luxembourg du RER B. Nombreux bus et nombreuses lignes de métro à moins de 8 minutes à pied (lignes 12, 4).
22138	Whether you're traveling alone, as a couple, or as a family, this fully furnished apartment in the Latin quarter will be sure to please. As aforementioned, it is located in the beautiful and trendy Latin Quarter, features high ceilings and has a beautiful terrace as a bonus for you, but has accommodations for four, if you're not alone. It is well equipped and fully furnished, consisting of a large principle room with an open kitchen, living room and dining room ares and a mezzanine level. The apartment is close to commerce and transport making your vacation in Paris as easy as possible. And as for things that are close, here is just a sample of the walking times from the apartment to highly sought out Parisian attractions: Arènes de Lutèce- 7 Minutes Jardin des Plantes - 5 Minutes Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle (Natural History Museum) - 5 Minutes Institue de Monde Arabe- 6 MInutes Rue Mouffetard - 7 Minutes Pantheon- 8 MInutes Sorbonne - 10 Minutes Notre Dame- 12 MInutes Luxembo	Located in the beautiful and trendy Latin Quarter, this apartment offers high ceilings a beautiful terrace and space for 4. It is well equipped and fully furnished consisting of a large principle room with an open kitchen and a mezzanine level. Whether you're traveling alone, as a couple, or as a family, this fully furnished apartment in the Latin quarter will be sure to please. As aforementioned, it is located in the beautiful and trendy Latin Quarter, features high ceilings and has a beautiful terrace as a bonus for you, but has accommodations for four, if you're not alone. It is well equipped and fully furnished, consisting of a large principle room with an open kitchen, living room and dining room ares and a mezzanine level. The apartment is close to commerce and transport making your vacation in Paris as easy as possible. And as for things that are close, here is just a sample of the walking times from the apartment to highly sought out Parisian attractions: Arènes de Lutèce- 7 Mi
22139	Very well Located in the historic and touristic heart of Paris, this flat is clear peacefull place clear with lots of light. Perfect to enjoy and relax during your stay in Paris.	"Lovely Studio very calm around 30m2 located in the heart of ""Quartier Latin"". Walking distance from Place Monge, the famous "" Mouffetard street"" and the Pantheon. It also offers you a nice view of Paris roof style.  Very well Located in the historic and touristic heart of Paris, this flat is clear peacefull place clear with lots of light. Perfect to enjoy and relax during your stay in Paris. Email, Telephone, Paris recommendation on restaurants and museums in the area. Closeby, you have the ""mouffetard"" street, one of the oldest parisstreet famous for all his trendy restaurant and bar. Just in front, the nice Market place Monge happens every Wednesday, Friday and Sunday. (website hidden) Nearby, you can walk along the Plant Botanic garden, and visit the National Natural History museum  (website hidden) Also nearly, the famous Mosquée de Paris and Institut du monde arabe  (website hidden) Subway stop: Place Monge ( lign 7 ) Subway stop: Jussieu ( lign 10 ) Bus 47,69,91 Velib Station in "
22140	2 room cosy apartment,located at Saint Marcel subway station (2minutes), with no deposit or cleaning fee. Free coffe and refreshments on the frige to welcome you, fully equipped.  kitchen with everything needed in particular: cooktops, microwaves and integrated traditional oven, nespresso machine, keettle, toaster. Bedroom with single bed or at your convenience depliable for two persons, sheets, praid, cable TV, high-speed internet and iron. Living room with sofa bed, bathroom with bathtub and hair dryer, separate toilet. Very quiet building situated near restaurants and shops of all kinds and for all prices. Ideally located on the begening of the 5th district, the Quartier Latin, the most famous parisian district in the world. you are at 5 minutes walk from the Botanical Garden, the big Mosque of Paris, Mouffetard district and its famous daily food market, at 10 minutes from the heart of Latin Quarter ( Sorbonne, Panthéon,Luxembourg garden and Saint Michel place) and the buttes aux ca	2 room cosy apartment,located at Saint Marcel subway station (2minutes), with no deposit or cleaning fee. Free coffe and refreshments on the frige to welcome you, fully equipped.  kitchen with everything needed in particular: cooktops, microwaves and integrated traditional oven, nespresso machine, keettle, toaster. Bedroom with single bed or at your convenience depliable for two persons, sheets, praid, cable TV, high-speed internet and iron. Living room with sofa bed, bathroom with bathtub and hair dryer, separate toilet. Very quiet building situated near restaurants and shops of all kinds and for all prices. Ideally located on the begening of the 5th district, the Quartier Latin, the most famous parisian district in the world. you are at 5 minutes walk from the Botanical Garden, the big Mosque of Paris, Mouffetard district and its famous daily food market, at 10 minutes from the heart of Latin Quarter ( Sorbonne, Panthéon,Luxembourg garden and Saint Michel place) and the buttes aux ca
22141	Emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris, le jardin du Luxembourg, le jardin des plantes, les quais de Seine, Notre Dame, le Panthéon et le quartier de la rue Moufetard avec ses bars et ses commerces typiques.  L'appartement est lumineux, très bien disposé et vue magnifique sur l'église du Val de Grâce ce qui vous permettra d'en profiter pleinement.  La chambre est grande avec un lit 160x200 et sa salle de bain avec baignoire privée.  Le salon est lui aussi spacieux et lumineux. Le canapé est convertible facilement en lit 2 places très confortable.  Des wc séparés sont dans l'entrée.  La cuisine est séparée elle aussi et est parfaitement équipée.  L'immeuble est sécurisé avec un code d'entrée, un interphone et une concierge est sur place (au cas où...).	Cet appartement de 2 pièces (4 personnes max) est idéalement situé pour découvrir à pied le centre de Paris, le jardin du Luxembourg, le quartier Mouffetard, le quartier St Michel, le Panthéon et Notre Dame. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec digicode. Emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris, le jardin du Luxembourg, le jardin des plantes, les quais de Seine, Notre Dame, le Panthéon et le quartier de la rue Moufetard avec ses bars et ses commerces typiques.  L'appartement est lumineux, très bien disposé et vue magnifique sur l'église du Val de Grâce ce qui vous permettra d'en profiter pleinement.  La chambre est grande avec un lit 160x200 et sa salle de bain avec baignoire privée.  Le salon est lui aussi spacieux et lumineux. Le canapé est convertible facilement en lit 2 places très confortable.  Des wc séparés sont dans l'entrée.  La cuisine est séparée elle aussi et est parfaitement équipée.  L'immeuble est sécurisé avec un code d'entrée, un interphone et une concierge est sur place (au cas
22142	Beautiful apartment in the center of Paris. One block from the river and 3 blocks from Notre Dame. Very calm, quiet, and beautiful decoration. All comfort and amenities.	Very center located. 100 mts from the Seine River, walking distance to the best spots in Paris, such as Notre Dame, Ils St Louis, Ile de la Cité. Host 1 to 4 people. 42 sq mts.  Beautiful apartment in the center of Paris. One block from the river and 3 blocks from Notre Dame. Very calm, quiet, and beautiful decoration. All comfort and amenities. All the flat Full detail instructions to spend a lovely stay in Paris
22143	Un petit coin de paix et de calme dans une ville en ébullition. Lorsque l'on rentre des cours, d'un musée ou de quelconque activités, passé les portes de l'immeuble l'on se retrouve dans une petite cour intérieure très fleurie nous donnant l'impression de quitter le capharnaüm que peut-être Paris des fois. L’ascenseur est un vrai plaisir à la fin de la journée, nous permettant d'esquiver les six étages à monter à pied. Le seul petit défaut est que les toilettes sont extérieurs, toutefois ceux-ci sont nettoyés tous les jours par le gardien et cela de façon méticuleuse.  De jour comme de nuit le studio offre donc un cadre agréable et cosy ou l'on n'entend même pas la rue et ou l'on peut profiter pleinement de la capitale	Un petit coin de paix et de calme dans une ville en ébullition. Lorsque l'on rentre des cours, d'un musée ou de quelconque activités, passé les portes de l'immeuble l'on se retrouve dans une petite cour intérieure très fleurie nous donnant l'impression de quitter le capharnaüm que peut-être Paris des fois. L’ascenseur est un vrai plaisir à la fin de la journée, nous permettant d'esquiver les six étages à monter à pied. Le seul petit défaut est que les toilettes sont extérieurs, toutefois ceux-ci sont nettoyés tous les jours par le gardien et cela de façon méticuleuse.  De jour comme de nuit le studio offre donc un cadre agréable et cosy ou l'on n'entend même pas la rue et ou l'on peut profiter pleinement de la capitale A moins de 8 minutes à pied de Saint Michel et de Notre-Dame l'on peut facilement vagabonder dans Paris et cela sans même prendre les transports. Si la nécessité est bien trop importante le quartier est truffé de vieilles bouches de métro dont certaines signées Guimard. 
22144	"Classic Parisian small building located in the heart of the Latin quarter on the left bank, near the Faculty of Sciences, the Jardin des Plantes and the charming cobblestone market street of rue Mouffetard with its quaint and lively village atmosphere and many restaurants. A living room with a sofabed  and comfortable seating with pleasing antiques, dining table and chairs and bookshelves. One bedroom with 2 single beds. Modern bathroom with stall shower (no bathtub), wc Kitchen with 4 burners, oven, refrigerator and washing machine TV and phone High speed Internet The apartment has a pleasant, lived-in atmosphere, with parquet floor all over About the district:  The 5th arrondissement is the perfect place to wander and watch people. The Latin Quarter and surrounding areas offer fabulous cafes and numerous spots for observing the ""soul"" of Paris, while you rest up before visiting the next spectacular attraction.  Great attractions such: the Sorbonne. the Pantheon, the Luxembourg Garden"	"Classic Parisian small building located in the heart of the Latin quarter on the left bank, near the Faculty of Sciences, the Jardin des Plantes and the charming cobblestone market street of rue Mouffetard with its quaint and lively village atmosphere and many restaurants. A living room with a sofabed  and comfortable seating with pleasing antiques, dining table and chairs and bookshelves. One bedroom with 2 single beds. Modern bathroom with stall shower (no bathtub), wc Kitchen with 4 burners, oven, refrigerator and washing machine TV and phone High speed Internet The apartment has a pleasant, lived-in atmosphere, with parquet floor all over About the district:  The 5th arrondissement is the perfect place to wander and watch people. The Latin Quarter and surrounding areas offer fabulous cafes and numerous spots for observing the ""soul"" of Paris, while you rest up before visiting the next spectacular attraction.  Great attractions such: the Sorbonne. the Pantheon, the Luxembourg Garden"
22145	"NEW APARTMENT, NO AGENCY FEES, RATED EXCELLENT BY TRIPADVISOR Rent your trendy one-bedroom apartment (with A/C)  located at the Lower End of Mouffetard Market, one of Paris's most desirable tourist spots.  A VERY CALM AND SUNNY APARTMENT IN THE HEART OF A LIVELY QUARTER OF PARIS You will be just steps away from the many cafes, restaurants, bookstores and the finest food shops of Paris. You will be within short walking distance from Notre-Dame-de-Paris cathedral and the Marais area and from Luxembourg Gardens. The Sorbonne Graduate Business School is the next door building.   The location is very romantic. Woody Allen latest movie ""Midnight in Paris"" was shot there! General Description of the apartment One-bedroom rental Paris Latin Quarter (rue Broca in the 5th arrondissement). The apartment can host up to 4 people.  Nice building, very calm, located on first floor and directly opening on the building garden, with entry code, security system and intercom.  Your apartment - 34 sq. meter"	"Modern, very well located 34 square meters , 1 Bedroom apartment on rue Broca in the 5th arr., on the ground French floor of a nice building and it sleeps 4 people. The apartment is equipped with : A/C (+20€/week electricity), full kitchen, WIFI, TV NEW APARTMENT, NO AGENCY FEES, RATED EXCELLENT BY TRIPADVISOR Rent your trendy one-bedroom apartment (with A/C)  located at the Lower End of Mouffetard Market, one of Paris's most desirable tourist spots.  A VERY CALM AND SUNNY APARTMENT IN THE HEART OF A LIVELY QUARTER OF PARIS You will be just steps away from the many cafes, restaurants, bookstores and the finest food shops of Paris. You will be within short walking distance from Notre-Dame-de-Paris cathedral and the Marais area and from Luxembourg Gardens. The Sorbonne Graduate Business School is the next door building.   The location is very romantic. Woody Allen latest movie ""Midnight in Paris"" was shot there! General Description of the apartment One-bedroom rental Paris Latin Quarter "
22146		This clean, tastefully-furnished 1-room studio apartment is situated on the 2nd floor of a historic Parisien building on Rue Pot De Fer-- next door to George Orwell’s infamous Parisian abode.  
22147	Ideally situated 2 minutes from the banks of the Seine, 10 minutes walk from Notre Dame, the Pantheon, the Botanical Gardens, 15 minutes from Bastille  Much Velib station at the foot of the building among other things, Autolib stations around the neighborhood, two subway lines nearby, etc ...  Well enough to move easily and without constraints	1 bedroom with a double bed room with a sofa bed, a bathroom and a large kitchen, this apartment is ideal for a Paris getaway in peace. Ideally situated 2 minutes from the banks of the Seine, 10 minutes walk from Notre Dame, the Pantheon, the Botanical Gardens, 15 minutes from Bastille  Much Velib station at the foot of the building among other things, Autolib stations around the neighborhood, two subway lines nearby, etc ...  Well enough to move easily and without constraints TV, stereo system, DVD player Dvix, wi fi, equipped kitchen, washing machine, oven and gas hob, fridge and freezer, coffee machine microwave Phone, email  I will be there for arriving and departing travelers everything is so close and easy to access  the area is quiet and very close to lively neighborhoods bus, metro, bike, taxi, car....
22148	"This studio is ideal for: - 2 people but may accommodate up to 3 (ex. 1 couple + 1 child/adult). It's location is amazing and is perfect for a first trip to Paris! The famous street ""Rue Mouffetard"", is one of Paris's oldest and liveliest ones in Paris and is right around the corner. And it's only a: 10 min walk to the Pantheon  10 min walk to the Jardin des Plantes  10 minute walk to the Arenes de Lutèce 15 minute walk to the Jardin du Luxembourg 20 min walk to Notre Dame Get ready to explore the city!"	"This lovely 1-room flat with terrace is situated in the heart of Paris! Only 2 steps away from the subway line 7 and close to many historical monuments. It is available with a minimum 2-night booking. This studio is ideal for: - 2 people but may accommodate up to 3 (ex. 1 couple + 1 child/adult). It's location is amazing and is perfect for a first trip to Paris! The famous street ""Rue Mouffetard"", is one of Paris's oldest and liveliest ones in Paris and is right around the corner. And it's only a: 10 min walk to the Pantheon  10 min walk to the Jardin des Plantes  10 minute walk to the Arenes de Lutèce 15 minute walk to the Jardin du Luxembourg 20 min walk to Notre Dame Get ready to explore the city! Fluent in french and english feel free to contact me at any time by email or phone! In the heart of the city, the area has many shops, restaurants, bakeries, cafes, open-markets, pubs, pharmacies, etc. - 2 minutes walk to ""Place Monge"" where you can catch Metro 7 and Bus 47  - 10 minutes w"
22149	Bienvenue dans ce grand appartement 2 pièces au 5 ème étage avec ascenseur, spacieux (65m2), pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Une chambre avec 1 lit double + un canapé convertible 2 personnes Cuisine équipée: frigo, four, micro ondes, cafetière et tout le nécessaire de cuisine. Salle de bain avec douche, toilettes séparées Balcon orienté Ouest avec vue sur Notre Dame Ordinateur avec Internet à disposition + en Wifi situé en plein centre de Paris dans le quartier historique à 2 pas de la cathédrale Notre-Dame, de l'île Saint-Louis, du quartier latin, du Panthéon, du jardin des plantes, de l'institut du monde arabe, du jardin du Luxembourg... Transports publics: A 2 minutes du métro Maubert - Mutualité, ligne 10 A 10 min de Saint-Michel - Notre Dame où vous trouverez le RER B (accès directs aux 2 aéroports, en 30 min environ) et RER C.  A une station de Chatelet les Halles... Commodités: A 30 sec d'une petite superette. 1 min a pied: Place Maubert: place tres animée avec boucher, boulange	Bienvenue dans ce grand appartement 2 pièces au 5 ème étage avec ascenseur, spacieux (65m2), pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Une chambre avec 1 lit double + un canapé convertible 2 personnes Cuisine équipée: frigo, four, micro ondes, cafetière et tout le nécessaire de cuisine. Salle de bain avec douche, toilettes séparées Balcon orienté Ouest avec vue sur Notre Dame Ordinateur avec Internet à disposition + en Wifi situé en plein centre de Paris dans le quartier historique à 2 pas de la cathédrale Notre-Dame, de l'île Saint-Louis, du quartier latin, du Panthéon, du jardin des plantes, de l'institut du monde arabe, du jardin du Luxembourg... Transports publics: A 2 minutes du métro Maubert - Mutualité, ligne 10 A 10 min de Saint-Michel - Notre Dame où vous trouverez le RER B (accès directs aux 2 aéroports, en 30 min environ) et RER C.  A une station de Chatelet les Halles... Commodités: A 30 sec d'une petite superette. 1 min a pied: Place Maubert: place tres animée avec boucher, boulange
22150	Lovely sunny room, being close to Notre Dame, with fireplace, moldings, beautiful hardwood floors, king size double bed, TV ultraHD, wifi, all at the 4st floor of a quiet Haussmann building. Ideal for a honeymoon in Paris in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Charming street, and many goods restaurants. Everything Restaurants, bar, architecture, romantisme	Everything Restaurants, bar, architecture, romantisme
22151	This in an amazing spacious 1bedroom flat of 60 sqm with its own balcony, bright and charming perfect for an unforgettable stay!! The penthouse sits on the 4th and last floor accessed by lift of a building  characterized by its majestic red brick, renowned in the district for having been built in 1890 its Moorish inspiration and admired for its arches by the architect Jean-Marie Boussard. The entrance to the building itself is a promise of things to come with its wooden featuring and red carpet. The actual penthouse is accessed by 2 doors, as is typical of traditional Parisian flat-one for you and one for the staf!!! The apartment traverses the width of the building so has dual aspect and very pleasant in warm weather as has through ventilation. The set-up is a living room facing the stunning pot planted balcony which in itself is the piece de la resistance of the flat sitting under the fabulous wrought iron arches. There is a wonderful view on Notre Dame and is a very pleasant place t	A beautiful and stunning 1Bedroom flat overviewing Notre Dame and for a quality/price rate not to be beaten This in an amazing spacious 1bedroom flat of 60 sqm with its own balcony, bright and charming perfect for an unforgettable stay!! The penthouse sits on the 4th and last floor accessed by lift of a building  characterized by its majestic red brick, renowned in the district for having been built in 1890 its Moorish inspiration and admired for its arches by the architect Jean-Marie Boussard. The entrance to the building itself is a promise of things to come with its wooden featuring and red carpet. The actual penthouse is accessed by 2 doors, as is typical of traditional Parisian flat-one for you and one for the staf!!! The apartment traverses the width of the building so has dual aspect and very pleasant in warm weather as has through ventilation. The set-up is a living room facing the stunning pot planted balcony which in itself is the piece de la resistance of the flat sitting un
22152	"This flat is completely unique, located in a perfect area, the historical center close to Notre Dame , the Seine or the Panthéon and in the heart of the city. The flat is modern and well equiped. Have a romantic escapde in Paris and enjoy the great private terrasse of the flat. The flat has beam ""à la française"", parquet floor, terrasse without building opposite, double glazing, fitted out kitchen, fridge and induction plate. You have access to wi-fi and to TV.  The flat is in the 5th ""arrondissement"", the latin district, historical center of the city and very nice for walks.  You are close to Notre Dame, le Panthéon, Jardin des plantes, the Seine, Museum Centre George Pompidou and l'Ile Saint Louis.  The street is very quiet and peaceful, but you're close to the dynamism of the city around the corner.  "	"Beautiful studio with french beams in the heart of Paris, close to Notre Dame and le Panthéon. Welcoming and peaceful, modern and equipped, with wi-fi and Tv, close to all facilities in Paris. Private terrasse without opposite building.  This flat is completely unique, located in a perfect area, the historical center close to Notre Dame , the Seine or the Panthéon and in the heart of the city. The flat is modern and well equiped. Have a romantic escapde in Paris and enjoy the great private terrasse of the flat. The flat has beam ""à la française"", parquet floor, terrasse without building opposite, double glazing, fitted out kitchen, fridge and induction plate. You have access to wi-fi and to TV.  The flat is in the 5th ""arrondissement"", the latin district, historical center of the city and very nice for walks.  You are close to Notre Dame, le Panthéon, Jardin des plantes, the Seine, Museum Centre George Pompidou and l'Ile Saint Louis.  The street is very quiet and peaceful, but you're c"
22153	Typical parisian flat with antique wooden floor, cheminey and molding ceiling in the heart of Paris! The building has a entry phone and code. The flat is on the 4th floor (no lift, it's a nice and old building!) The flat is very quite and bright. it has one bedroom, one living room, a kitchen with a eating table, a bathroom with a bath and a separate toilet. The sun is on the bedroom and kitchen side in the morning, perfect for a french breakfast with croissant and baguette! It comes in the living room side in the afternooon. It has wifi, TV, stereo, washing machine and dish washer. The flat is situated next to the Pantheon, Arènes de luteces, Jardin des plantes and close to Notre Dame. With metro line 7 and 10 you'll be quickly to Paris Opera, Chatelet, Odeon,etc. Opposite the building you'll find place monge with the market every wednesday, friday and sunday, not to be missed to live as a parisian! 	Charming one bedroom flat in Paris city center, recently refurbished, all equipped. Metro Place Monge, 4th floor, bright et quiet. Typical parisian flat with antique wooden floor, cheminey and molding ceiling in the heart of Paris! The building has a entry phone and code. The flat is on the 4th floor (no lift, it's a nice and old building!) The flat is very quite and bright. it has one bedroom, one living room, a kitchen with a eating table, a bathroom with a bath and a separate toilet. The sun is on the bedroom and kitchen side in the morning, perfect for a french breakfast with croissant and baguette! It comes in the living room side in the afternooon. It has wifi, TV, stereo, washing machine and dish washer. The flat is situated next to the Pantheon, Arènes de luteces, Jardin des plantes and close to Notre Dame. With metro line 7 and 10 you'll be quickly to Paris Opera, Chatelet, Odeon,etc. Opposite the building you'll find place monge with the market every wednesday, friday and sun
22154	Full of light and comfortable living areas of 16m² The apartment is composed of :  - 1 living room with a sofa bed that sleeps 2 persons with a dining table with 2 chairs (extension capacity 6-8) internet.  - Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine,  Cofee machine)  -WC  - TV The apartment is within a short walking distance from :  -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden  -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais  -the City Hall  -Ile Saint Louis,  -the Seine river  -the Pantheon  -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks.  In this part of town you'll find a fascinating mix of parks, historic sites, boutiques, markets, bars, restaurants, theaters, cinemas and nightlife. Metro: place monge (metro 7) , Cardinal Lemoine (metro10),   RER B It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 25 minutes walking distance  - Notre-Dame: 10 minutes walking distance (or 1 metro stations away)  - Le Marais/Centre Pompidou: 15 minutes walking distance  	Full of light and comfortable living areas of 16m² The apartment is composed of :  - 1 living room with a sofa bed that sleeps 2 persons with a dining table with 2 chairs (extension capacity 6-8) internet.  - Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine,  Cofee machine)  -WC  - TV The apartment is within a short walking distance from :  -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden  -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais  -the City Hall  -Ile Saint Louis,  -the Seine river  -the Pantheon  -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks.  In this part of town you'll find a fascinating mix of parks, historic sites, boutiques, markets, bars, restaurants, theaters, cinemas and nightlife. Metro: place monge (metro 7) , Cardinal Lemoine (metro10),   RER B It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 25 minutes walking distance  - Notre-Dame: 10 minutes walking distance (or 1 metro stations away)  - Le Marais/Centre Pompidou: 15 minutes walking distance  
22155		Appartement meublé de 37 mètres carrés lumineux et calme (lave vaisselle, machine à laver, télé, internet, draps). Tous les magasins à proximité puisque situé en bas de la rue Mouffetard 5min à pied du métro Censier. Quartier très agréable.
22156	Composed by: - large lobby with fresh flowers especially for the guests - a kitchen well equipated (Micro -onde + fridge + four + washing & dry machine + lava Dishes) - A large Living room : TV / DVD / WIFI - a large Conran Shop Sofa (Estelle cover it for her guest) + 3 old & antiquaries seats  - A dinner Room with 6 seats - A parental room with a double bed (140 cm large) and a sofa for quiet time  - A Independent toilet  - A bathroom with a little size bath but perfect for children (Estelle ha 4 children !) - A girl room with bed in mezzanine - pink colors - A kids room with a small bunk bed (length 165 cm) 	120 m2 . Composed by a large double living room with 3 bedrooms, a parental - quiet view on a garden, 2 nice kids rooms.  So french decoration signed by a parisian interior just between Place du Panthéon (2 minutes), la Sorbonne, Jardin duLuxembourg. Composed by: - large lobby with fresh flowers especially for the guests - a kitchen well equipated (Micro -onde + fridge + four + washing & dry machine + lava Dishes) - A large Living room : TV / DVD / WIFI - a large Conran Shop Sofa (Estelle cover it for her guest) + 3 old & antiquaries seats  - A dinner Room with 6 seats - A parental room with a double bed (140 cm large) and a sofa for quiet time  - A Independent toilet  - A bathroom with a little size bath but perfect for children (Estelle ha 4 children !) - A girl room with bed in mezzanine - pink colors - A kids room with a small bunk bed (length 165 cm) Complete access to the flat excluded some personal wall cubords You will be in the most amazing and famous area in Paris. We are loc
22157	"Nice & Practical apartment of 30m2 ""Rive Gauche"" in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. A few steps from Saint Germain des Pres, the Pantheon, the Seine, Notre Dame de Paris, the Latin Quarter, the Sorbonne and Jardin du Luxembourg. Out of the building you will find face to face with the Jardin du Luxembourg of Paris garden, the Saint Germain des Près Shopping district. About the apartment, it includes: > a bedroom mezzanine with a window > a living room (with tv and internet) with a balcony (2 chairs) and a sofa (who can be easily transformed into a comfortable 2 person bed) > a spacious and fully equipped kitchen > a bathroom with shower and toilet > nice building typical Haussmann style (with an elevator) > air conditioning Number of persons : it is perfect for a couple and for 2/3 friends, but for one person too of course ! Metro, Bus, RER : The apartment is very well connected: bus stations at the street corner with the line (phone number hidden), the metro Cluny-La Sorbonne and the "	"Perfect for a Serious Etudiant - Nice & Practical apartment of 30m2 ""Rive Gauche"" in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. A few steps from Saint Germain des Pres, the Pantheon, the Seine, Notre Dame de Paris, the Latin Quarter, the Sorbonne and Jardin du Luxembourg. Nice & Practical apartment of 30m2 ""Rive Gauche"" in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. A few steps from Saint Germain des Pres, the Pantheon, the Seine, Notre Dame de Paris, the Latin Quarter, the Sorbonne and Jardin du Luxembourg. Out of the building you will find face to face with the Jardin du Luxembourg of Paris garden, the Saint Germain des Près Shopping district. About the apartment, it includes: > a bedroom mezzanine with a window > a living room (with tv and internet) with a balcony (2 chairs) and a sofa (who can be easily transformed into a comfortable 2 person bed) > a spacious and fully equipped kitchen > a bathroom with shower and toilet > nice building typical Haussmann style (with an elevator) > air conditioning Num"
22158	Charmant appartement, très clair et ensoleillé. Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur!!! :) et une vue exceptionnelle sur le tout Paris et la Tour Eiffel (regarder la scintiller à la nuit tombée) et vous pourrez également voir un magnifique coucher de soleil le soir sur Paris!!!! Il est composé d'une jolie chambre avec un grand lit double et un matelas très confortable à mémoire de forme et une partie pour vous dans le dressing! Une très jolie salle de bain avec baignoire et des WC séparés. Cuisine américaine ouverte sur le salon, toute équipée (four, lave vaisselle, frigo, plaque à induction !!!!), une belle table pour manger à quatre avec vos amis ou votre famille. Dans le salon, vous pourrez vous reposer sur un beau canapé, en face de cette vue imprenable sur (website hidden) et connexion WIFI via la fibre!!!! Le petit plus est une mezzanine qui fait tout le charme de l'appartement, et, où vous trouverez un petit coin détente pour le soir ; ou si vous êtes quatre, une autre chambre avec un l	 Charmant appartement, très clair et ensoleillé. Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur!!! :) et une vue exceptionnelle sur le tout Paris et la Tour Eiffel (regarder la scintiller à la nuit tombée) et vous pourrez également voir un magnifique coucher de soleil le soir sur Paris!!!! Il est composé d'une jolie chambre avec un grand lit double et un matelas très confortable à mémoire de forme et une partie pour vous dans le dressing! Une très jolie salle de bain avec baignoire et des WC séparés. Cuisine américaine ouverte sur le salon, toute équipée (four, lave vaisselle, frigo, plaque à induction !!!!), une belle table pour manger à quatre avec vos amis ou votre famille. Dans le salon, vous pourrez vous reposer sur un beau canapé, en face de cette vue imprenable sur (website hidden) et connexion WIFI via la fibre!!!! Le petit plus est une mezzanine qui fait tout le charme de l'appartement, et, où vous trouverez un petit coin détente pour le soir ; ou si vous êtes quatre, une autre chambre avec un 
22159	A spacious studio tastefully decorated in neutral colours holds comfortably a couple or single guest, maximum 3 guests. Located on a first floor of a traditional building with no elevator. Has a double bed and a sofa bed. Separated bathroom and fully equipped kitchen. 	An amazing and stylish studio for a couple or three guests. A spacious studio tastefully decorated in neutral colours holds comfortably a couple or single guest, maximum 3 guests. Located on a first floor of a traditional building with no elevator. Has a double bed and a sofa bed. Separated bathroom and fully equipped kitchen. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and forward back to me to speed up your check in process. A copy of your passport is required at check in. The biggest highl
22160	My little studio contains a double bed, a confortable red carpet where you can easily sit and take your meal at the low table, a desk, a TV with a little choice of DVDs, and Internet of course. A cupboard is prepared as empty in order for you to put your stuff in there. There is a kitchenette if you wanna cook (but better go to the many great restaurants nearby !), in which you could find a fridge, a freezer, a microwave oven, a ricecooker, etc. everything you need to cook simply. The bathroom contains the toilet and the shower.	This is a cute little studio for one person or a couple, with a cozy red carpet and a double bed, located in the center of the Quartier Latin, for the most romantic stay in Paris ever ! My little studio contains a double bed, a confortable red carpet where you can easily sit and take your meal at the low table, a desk, a TV with a little choice of DVDs, and Internet of course. A cupboard is prepared as empty in order for you to put your stuff in there. There is a kitchenette if you wanna cook (but better go to the many great restaurants nearby !), in which you could find a fridge, a freezer, a microwave oven, a ricecooker, etc. everything you need to cook simply. The bathroom contains the toilet and the shower. I will be staying not far from the apartment as I am staying by my family who lives nearby, except from July 18th to August 5th, but my sister will be pleased to help you for any inconveniency. My studio is located in a quiet and very convenient area in Rive Gauche, in the cente
22161	This is a typical parisian flat, built withs rocks and exposed beams, which is really cosy and romantic. With two floors, you could easily live with 2 or 3 people. On the first floor, you will find a living room with a comfortable sofa bed, where 2 persons could sleep, and also a video projector, which you could use to watch a movie. On this floor,  you will also find a small kitchen, where there is everything you need (oven/microwave, washer, toaster, coffee machine...) On the second floor, you will find the double bed room, with a small desk, and also the bathroom We hope you will enjoy your stay in this charming little flat	"This is a typical parisian flat, built withs rocks and exposed beams, which is really cosy and romantic. With two floors, you could easily live with 2 or 3 people. On the first floor, you will find a living room with a comfortable sofa bed, where 2 persons could sleep, and also a video projector, which you could use to watch a movie. On this floor,  you will also find a small kitchen, where there is everything you need (oven/microwave, washer, toaster, coffee machine...) On the second floor, you will find the double bed room, with a small desk, and also the bathroom We hope you will enjoy your stay in this charming little flat The Latin Quarter is also famous for its nightlife. Whether you would like to listen to some fantastic live jazz at the ""Caveau de la Huchette"" (home to the greatest jazzmen since 1948), going to see a movie at Odeon, or simply going out to dinner, you will find it all within a two block radius. You are 5 minutes walk to Notre Dame, the Ile Saint Louis,  10 minut"
22162		Au coeur du quartier Saint Michel et disposant d'un balcon avec vue sur Notre Dame.  Au 5è étage, les 64m² permettent d'apprécier un grand salon avec un canapé-lit, ainsi que deux chambres avec lit double. Métro 4, RER B et C, bus (phone number hidden).
22163	In the heart of Paris, cosy studio in charming district (5th district, Mouffetard Area) This flat is perfectly placed in a lively, quiet and safe neighborhood (police is down the street 24hours),  This is my home, so you will find everything you need to enjoy your stay in Paris !! On the 2nd floor with elevator, you won't have to die in stairs with luggages :) The studio is 25m2, bright with a fully equipped and separate kitchen (electric plates, microwave/ , fridge, freezer, etc.). There are wood floors, a bathroom with shower, toilet, TV with many channels, wireless high speed internet, a NEW couch/bed (sleeps two persons very comfortably, size is 160cm*200cm), table, chairs and desk. Very good WIFI internet connection. Phone available for journey longer than 6 weeks (with free call to french and international landlines) The street is calm with lots of commerce close by, an open air market everyday, bars, restaurants, and shopping.  Ideal for one or two people clean and responsible.	In the heart of Paris, cosy studio in charming district (5th district, Mouffetard Area) This flat is perfectly placed in a lively, quiet and safe neighborhood (police is down the street 24hours),  This is my home, so you will find everything you need to enjoy your stay in Paris !! On the 2nd floor with elevator, you won't have to die in stairs with luggages :) The studio is 25m2, bright with a fully equipped and separate kitchen (electric plates, microwave/ , fridge, freezer, etc.). There are wood floors, a bathroom with shower, toilet, TV with many channels, wireless high speed internet, a NEW couch/bed (sleeps two persons very comfortably, size is 160cm*200cm), table, chairs and desk. Very good WIFI internet connection. Phone available for journey longer than 6 weeks (with free call to french and international landlines) The street is calm with lots of commerce close by, an open air market everyday, bars, restaurants, and shopping.  Ideal for one or two people clean and responsible.
22164		Studio situé au coeur du quartier latin, à côté de Notre Dame, de la Sorbonne, à deux pas du métro et du RER, et donc idéal pour passer un séjour à Paris.
22165	When you’ve spent your day visiting all that is to see in Paris, you’ll want to retreat to a cosy and mainly quiet abode.  But then, you’ll want to easily step out again, go somewhere for an aperitif, and not have to go far in search of a good restaurant.  For those evenings when you prefer to eat in, the studio’s kitchen is fully equipped and the nearest supermarket is two minute’s walk.  There is a fresh market nearby everyday of the week, except Monday.  In short?  Friendly hosts, a cosy quiet clean space, in the heart of Paris.	If walls could talk, this newly-renovated studio in a 16th century building right in the heart of Paris would have many tales to tell; of the building itself and its historic surroundings. When you’ve spent your day visiting all that is to see in Paris, you’ll want to retreat to a cosy and mainly quiet abode.  But then, you’ll want to easily step out again, go somewhere for an aperitif, and not have to go far in search of a good restaurant.  For those evenings when you prefer to eat in, the studio’s kitchen is fully equipped and the nearest supermarket is two minute’s walk.  There is a fresh market nearby everyday of the week, except Monday.  In short?  Friendly hosts, a cosy quiet clean space, in the heart of Paris. Sleeps 2 (one bed) Safe  Quiet Looks into an inner courtyard Not suitable for pets No TV Extremely clean Wifi With exposed beams and stone typical of ancient buildings of the time Newly renovated January 2014 Fully Equipped Kitchen Induction hob, hood, toaster, microwave, 
22166	Standing The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building with a lift. The access is made safe by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The windows are double-glazed. The living-room French windows open on a lovely balcony equipped with two garden seats and a small coffee table. From this balcony, on one side you will see the majestic Church of the Val de Grâce and on the other side, the Institute of Art and Archeology. Layout This charming 55m2 apartment has two separate bedrooms and can accommodate up to five people. The entrance leads directly to the main room , spacious, comfortable, with a living-room side and and a kitchen / dining room side. The living area has an angle couch, a coffee table, several chairs and a flat screen TV with cable channels and a DVD player. The sofa can be converted into a double bed of 140x200. The French windows open onto a lovely balcony of approximately 3 sqm, covered with green plants and equipped with two low chairs and a small cof	Very charming 55 sqm 2-bedroom apartment with a balcony to rent for six people in Paris near the Luxembourg Garden ! What could be more perfect or romantic than a picnic on the grass in the Luxembourg Garden ?  Standing The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building with a lift. The access is made safe by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The windows are double-glazed. The living-room French windows open on a lovely balcony equipped with two garden seats and a small coffee table. From this balcony, on one side you will see the majestic Church of the Val de Grâce and on the other side, the Institute of Art and Archeology. Layout This charming 55m2 apartment has two separate bedrooms and can accommodate up to five people. The entrance leads directly to the main room , spacious, comfortable, with a living-room side and and a kitchen / dining room side. The living area has an angle couch, a coffee table, several chairs and a flat screen TV with cable channels and a D
22167		En plein centre de Paris, à moins de 100 m de la Sorbonne et du boulevard Saint-Germain, 200 m de Notre-Dame et des quais de Seine, un beau volume de 39 m², parfaitement équipé et rénové, dans une cour intérieure très calme.
22168	"3bedrooms 5th floor with elevator 6sleeping possibilities 2bathrooms equiped kitchen 2televisions, a children room (equiped for children and babies) great neighborhood: lots of restaurants and bars, an everyday market and artisanal shops on the pedonal street ""Mouffetard"", very charming, leading to the Pantheon, the Luxembourg garden, and the Sorbonne in 10 minutes walk. A lot of regular buses and metro Censier-Daubenton at 5 minutes from the appartment. (line7 direct to museum of Louvre: 5min). "	"3bedrooms 5th floor with elevator 6sleeping possibilities 2bathrooms equiped kitchen 2televisions, a children room (equiped for children and babies) great neighborhood: lots of restaurants and bars, an everyday market and artisanal shops on the pedonal street ""Mouffetard"", very charming, leading to the Pantheon, the Luxembourg garden, and the Sorbonne in 10 minutes walk. A lot of regular buses and metro Censier-Daubenton at 5 minutes from the appartment. (line7 direct to museum of Louvre: 5min). "
22169	In the heart of Paris, in a XVIth century building, a newly renovated (2008), classic style apartment is the place to be to enjoy the Parisian life. The new luxurious furniture and the fine and rare French decoration fits the relaxing atmosphere. The world famous Notre Dame Cathedral is just 50 meters away. Extra Parking available (weekly rates also available) This strategically located home in the Quartier Latin, next to the magnificent Louvre museum, and faces the Seine River.  Being at the heart of things, the apartment is extremely quiet. After a day of busy activity, it offers a peaceful and luxurious setting in which to rest. The elegant and fine decoration will suit any tastes. Transport facilities (parking, public transport) : - Metro station (Maubert Mutualité line 10  or Notre Dame- St Michel line 4) - RER station: Notre Dame line B, ST Michel line C (direct connection to international airports: Orly and Roissy) - Parking: Lagrange (public parking) Further description: This l	In the heart of Paris, in a XVIth century building, a newly renovated (2008), classic style apartment is the place to be to enjoy the Parisian life. The new luxurious furniture and the fine and rare French decoration fits the relaxing atmosphere. The world famous Notre Dame Cathedral is just 50 meters away. Extra Parking available (weekly rates also available) This strategically located home in the Quartier Latin, next to the magnificent Louvre museum, and faces the Seine River.  While in the centre of Paris, transport is quick and easy: buses, metros and RER take you throughout Paris or to the international airports outside the city (Charles de Gaulle and Orly). A taxi station and a bike rental station are also to be found less than 50 metres away from the apartment.   Being at the heart of things, the apartment is extremely quiet. After a day of busy activity, it offers a peaceful and luxurious setting in which to rest. The elegant and fine decoration will suit any tastes. In the hea
22170	Renovated and refurbished with care and attention to detail in 2007, this 60 sq,mt apartment offers an elegant and sunny environment in a house where every inch has been designed to be stylish yet functional. The front door opens up onto a corridor which leads, to its left, to a built-in kitchen along the wall, fully equipped and complete with all necessities including a dishwasher, both a regular and microwave oven, and a toaster and coffee machine. Facing the front door is an opening which leads into the living area, where one encounters first the dining corner, with a table for 6 along the wall which separates it from the kitchen, and then the actual sitting area, complete with a decorative fire-place, a large couch and armchair facing a coffee table, and a TV corner. A lovely chandelier and a French window leading out onto a quaint little balcony, furnished with a small table and two chairs, provide ambience and plenty of light to the room. The sleeping area comprises two double be	Superb 2 bedroom apartment in Paris, with 2 washrooms and a small balcony, elegantly furnished and peacefully quiet, located on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a characteristic Parisian stately building of the 1930’s, in the 5 arrondissement.  Renovated and refurbished with care and attention to detail in 2007, this 60 sq,mt apartment offers an elegant and sunny environment in a house where every inch has been designed to be stylish yet functional. The front door opens up onto a corridor which leads, to its left, to a built-in kitchen along the wall, fully equipped and complete with all necessities including a dishwasher, both a regular and microwave oven, and a toaster and coffee machine. Facing the front door is an opening which leads into the living area, where one encounters first the dining corner, with a table for 6 along the wall which separates it from the kitchen, and then the actual sitting area, complete with a decorative fire-place, a large couch and armchair facing a coff
22171	Une suite digne d'un hôtel de luxe, confort et raffinement. Cave à vin, hammam, idéalement situé au coeur du Quartier Latin. A room of a luxury hotel, comfort and refinement. Wine cellar , steam room, located in the heart of the Latin Quarter . 	Une suite digne d'un hôtel de luxe, confort et raffinement. Cave à vin, hammam, idéalement situé au coeur du Quartier Latin. A room of a luxury hotel, comfort and refinement. Wine cellar , steam room, located in the heart of the Latin Quarter .  Accès à tous les équipements Access to all facilitiez. Possibilité parking si vous le souhaitez. We have a parking for your car des informations touristiques sont disponibles dans l'appartement Le quartier incontournable de la rue Mouffetard, mais aussi le jardin des plantes et l'institut du monde Arabe. Pour finir une tasse de thé à la Mosqué métro place Monge ligne 7 ou ligne 10 un supermarché à 50m de l'immeuble. A supermarket from 50 meters
22172	The bedroom is in the living room. I will sleep with my son in his bedroom so that you can have a full intimacy ;-)	Lovely bedroom in a real parisian appartment full of character, located in the center of Paris. Exposed beams, old chimney and wooden floor...all the charms of the old parisian appartments are right here ! At 5 minutes walk from Le Pantheon 
22173	The apartment comfortably fits 2 people. What makes it unique is the great location, windows facing the garden which give the apartment a lot of sun and an amazing, unobstructed view of Paris Guests will have full access to the apartment, including the use of the full bathroom and kitchen. I kindly ask that the guests do not use any of the groceries or items that I have purchased but are free to do their own shopping and cooking. I will not be present during your stay but will leave detailed instructions and guidance about the apartment so you won't have to worry. You will also get a welcome bottle of wine! Guests will be in close proximity to several great areas in Paris including, Patheon, Odeon and Saint Michel/Latin Quarter, Notre Damn, Saint-Sulpice. The apartment is on the RER B line and at the Luxembourg stop which makes it convenient when coming to Paris by Train (Gare du Nord / Gare du L'Est) or airport (Charles de Gualle / Orly). The RER B runs direct to all these locations.	Central apartment in the heart of Paris directly across the famous Jardin de Luxembourg in the 5th arrondisment. Offers a great view of the city including the Eifel Tower, Invalides, St. Sulpice and Sacre Couer. Cozy place with a lot of sunlight. The apartment comfortably fits 2 people. What makes it unique is the great location, windows facing the garden which give the apartment a lot of sun and an amazing, unobstructed view of Paris Guests will have full access to the apartment, including the use of the full bathroom and kitchen. I kindly ask that the guests do not use any of the groceries or items that I have purchased but are free to do their own shopping and cooking. I will not be present during your stay but will leave detailed instructions and guidance about the apartment so you won't have to worry. You will also get a welcome bottle of wine! Guests will be in close proximity to several great areas in Paris including, Patheon, Odeon and Saint Michel/Latin Quarter, Notre Damn, Sa
22174	Welcome to PARIS  Bienvenue chez moi Je suis heureux de vous accueillir dans mon appartement de 41 m2 en plein centre de Paris, Place Maubert avec vue sur Notre Dame et le Panthéon. refait à neuf en 2011 il est composé :  - 1 Grand salon avec téléviseur, internet et grand canapé lit de 140 trés confortable. - 1 Cuisine ouvert à l'américaine avec tout les équipements de cuisine , lave vaisselle, micro onde, plaque de cuisson et plus encore... - 1 Grande chambre avec lit de 160 cm trés confortable et cosie. - 1 salle de bain avec grande douche ouverte et un lave linge séchant utilisable à loisir pour vous. Depuis mon appartement vous avez un accés direct à tout les sites touristiques de la capitale à pieds : Notre dame, le Panthéon, le jardin du Luxembourg, le Quartier Latin , St Germain et Odéon, mais également les Halles et son Forum, le centre Georges Pompidou le Musée du Louvre...sans oublier notre Tour EIFFEL Vous avez également un accés direct aux Metro, bus et taxi  au pied de l'a	Welcome to PARIS  Bienvenue chez moi Je suis heureux de vous accueillir dans mon appartement de 41 m2 en plein centre de Paris, Place Maubert avec vue sur Notre Dame et le Panthéon. Welcome to PARIS  Bienvenue chez moi Je suis heureux de vous accueillir dans mon appartement de 41 m2 en plein centre de Paris, Place Maubert avec vue sur Notre Dame et le Panthéon. refait à neuf en 2011 il est composé :  - 1 Grand salon avec téléviseur, internet et grand canapé lit de 140 trés confortable. - 1 Cuisine ouvert à l'américaine avec tout les équipements de cuisine , lave vaisselle, micro onde, plaque de cuisson et plus encore... - 1 Grande chambre avec lit de 160 cm trés confortable et cosie. - 1 salle de bain avec grande douche ouverte et un lave linge séchant utilisable à loisir pour vous. Depuis mon appartement vous avez un accés direct à tout les sites touristiques de la capitale à pieds : Notre dame, le Panthéon, le jardin du Luxembourg, le Quartier Latin , St Germain et Odéon, mais égalem
22175	On each side of a colorfull garden, there are two houses : one is where we live, the other is where we play (screening room with AC and gym). To spend time in our place is like being out of the busy noisy world, but in the very heart of Paris !	Our quiet family house is quite unique in its kind : three bedrooms, a charming planted garden, a full gym and a screening room in the very middle of the Latin Quarter, where the museums and universities are, like the Sorbonne. On each side of a colorfull garden, there are two houses : one is where we live, the other is where we play (screening room with AC and gym). To spend time in our place is like being out of the busy noisy world, but in the very heart of Paris ! Of course, there is a fully equiped kitchen, a complete laundry with two washing machines and two dryers and three bedrooms on the upper floor. Our governante is there 5 days a week, full time, taking care of the house and doing the daily cleaning and the weekly bed sheets switch. We won't be there but will keep a constant contact with you.
22176	Great convenient location - Just steps Away from Blvd Saint Germain 	Studio Saint Germain Paris 5eme– Great Location – 3 min Walking from Le panthéon and 5 Min from Notre Dame. 1 1/2 Blocks from Boulevar Saint Germain Great convenient location - Just steps Away from Blvd Saint Germain Happy to give advice and help. amazing Quartier latin:  (website hidden)_Quarter,_Paris Metro : Maubert Mutualite and Cluny la sorbonne This comfortable and cosy 1 bedroom Studio brings together old world heritage with excellent location and comfort.  Centrally located in the intellectual and chic heart of Paris’s Saint Germain 5eme, this apartment is just a 3 minute walk from Le Panthéon and 5 Min Walk from Notre Dame and the Seine. -1 queen bed, which accommodates 2 people The apartment has 2 bathroom:  -A private bathroom  This property includes high speed wifi internet,  There is a full kitchen, washer The apartment is located on the third floor in a quiet and beautiful building.  Steps away from many fun boutiques, restaurants, bakeries, and parks (Jardin de Luxemburg
22177	Cozy, charming, one-bedroom apartment in the enviable Mouffetard area of the 5th arrondissement (a/k/a Latin Quarter).  Rue Mouffetard is one of the most famous streets in the center of Paris and is known for its vibrant outdoor markets, fountains, cafés and street performers. This apartment is in a prime location just a 15 minute walk to Notre Dame and 10 minutes to the Luxumbourg Gardens. Woody Allen filmed a few scenes of Midnight in Paris just outside my front door!  Your Metro stop - Line #7 Censier/Daubenton - is two minutes from the apartment.   My 5th floor apartment is super sunny with sky views (rare in Paris) and a clear view of Rue Mouffetard and Paris rooftops.  It also has a large terrace (accessible from both the living room and bedroom) that is large enough to eat on.  A café table and chairs await you there for your morning tea.   . The bedroom has a USA kingsize bed.  Plenty of closet/drawer and armoire space.  . The kitchen is fully stocked with two gas burners, a   	In the historical and charming Mouffetard district of the 5th arrondissement, you will have an authentic experience of Parisian life.  A bright, cozy, one bedroom apartment awaits you on one of the most famous streets in the City of Light.   Cozy, charming, one-bedroom apartment in the enviable Mouffetard area of the 5th arrondissement (a/k/a Latin Quarter).  Rue Mouffetard is one of the most famous streets in the center of Paris and is known for its vibrant outdoor markets, fountains, cafés and street performers. This apartment is in a prime location just a 15 minute walk to Notre Dame and 10 minutes to the Luxumbourg Gardens. Woody Allen filmed a few scenes of Midnight in Paris just outside my front door!  Your Metro stop - Line #7 Censier/Daubenton - is two minutes from the apartment.   My 5th floor apartment is super sunny with sky views (rare in Paris) and a clear view of Rue Mouffetard and Paris rooftops.  It also has a large terrace (accessible from both the living room and bedr
22178	Stunning SMOKE FREE Penthouse Studio completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and vintage paintings, living room, bathroom and fully equipped separate kitchen, washer-dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels and a queen bed. It's a penthouse apartment on the 5th floor but there is a lift up to the 4th floor and then a flight of stairs.  It faces Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine river. AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc.. All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk all around and visit the city, but also take the subway (Metro Saint-Michel) or the bus, or the bicycle rentals nearby. Waking up in front of Notre Dame and the Seine will make 	Our Studio, named ESMERALDA, is the most romantic penthouse you can wish for, in a 400 years old building in the very heart of Paris, the Latin Quarter, steps away from the Seine, Notre Dame and Saint Germain. Stunning SMOKE FREE Penthouse Studio completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and vintage paintings, living room, bathroom and fully equipped separate kitchen, washer-dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels and a queen bed. It's a penthouse apartment on the 5th floor but there is a lift up to the 4th floor and then a flight of stairs.  It faces Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine river. AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc.. All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and ma
22179	You will find this charming apartment the very cliché of the under-the-roof parisian apartment. we hope you will like it!	In the very heart of the Quartier Latin, you will be staying just around the corner from the Pantheon, and 10min walk from Notre Dame. In a quiet street but lively neighborhood, you will enjoy our 2 rooms duplex apartment! Ideal for couples! You will find this charming apartment the very cliché of the under-the-roof parisian apartment. we hope you will like it! You will have the whole apartment to yourselves : a main room with a sofa bed, a small bathroom and a small kitchen, and a room under the roof (with a steep stair leading there).  The apartment is on the fourth floor (without elevator), in a 18e century building. If you need anything, we will be available by phone. We will be there to welcome you in the apartment on your arrival. The neighborhood is really outstanding. The street is quiet, but you will find a lot of nice bars and restaurants around. A lot of touristic spots also : the Pantheon, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, the Luxembourg garden, the Mouffetard Street, the Seine Riv
22180	Fully furnished 3 bedroom / 3 bathroom Apartment facing the river and Notre Dame Cathedrale This duplex apartment is located on the 6th and 7th floor, the top floor of the building. Enjoy with your friends or family to this incredible view of the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. This apartment offers every comfort for your stay, it is equipped with washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, cable TV, wireless internet ... The Sleeping: 2 double beds 160 * 200cm, and 2 single beds 80 x 200cm. Living room 180 ° view of the Cathedrale Notre Dame de Paris 40 m² 3 window(s) with desk, sofa(s), armchair(s), wooden floor, coffee table Dining room 12 m² 1 window with chair(s), wooden floor, table Bathroom(s) 4 m² 1 window with bath with shower, tiled floor, sink (s), hairdryer Bathroom(s) 4 m² 1 window with bath with shower, tiled floor, sink (s) Bathroom(s) 4 m² 1 window with bath with shower, tiled floor, sink (s) 	Large Furnished apartment, 3 bedrooms / 3 bathrooms, on duplex is located on the 6th and 7th floor, top floor of the building.  Enjoy with your friends or family this amazing view of the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Fully furnished 3 bedroom / 3 bathroom Apartment facing the river and Notre Dame Cathedrale This duplex apartment is located on the 6th and 7th floor, the top floor of the building. Enjoy with your friends or family to this incredible view of the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. This apartment offers every comfort for your stay, it is equipped with washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, cable TV, wireless internet ... The Sleeping: 2 double beds 160 * 200cm, and 2 single beds 80 x 200cm. Living room 180 ° view of the Cathedrale Notre Dame de Paris 40 m² 3 window(s) with desk, sofa(s), armchair(s), wooden floor, coffee table Dining room 12 m² 1 window with chair(s), wooden floor, table Bathroom(s) 4 m² 1 window with bath with shower, tiled floor, sink (s), hairdryer Bathroom(s)
22181	It's a studio, so I think 2 people is a comfortable staying.  5th French floor (6th other countries), so be ready to bring small lagguage, especially in Paris you will get much more staff when u leave!	Very well located, in the center, you can go by foot ! It's a sunny studio with shower and kitchen insidem the toilet is next door only for this studio. Attention, no elevator! Bright colours, sunlight, independance- if you need it, it's here! It's a studio, so I think 2 people is a comfortable staying.  5th French floor (6th other countries), so be ready to bring small lagguage, especially in Paris you will get much more staff when u leave! Direct from airport Charles de Gaulle Airport Orly as well, you can take rer B Feel free to ask me all the questions about Paris, I'm a foreigner myself, so I never wait to explore and know many amazing spots in Paris, shops etc Very calm, burgeoise, safe, many shops and restaurants Very well-desserved: rer, metro, buses The best decision is to go everywhere by foot,  You are a lucky tourist- central location! I prefer to take from 2 days on. If less- small luggage possible For internet ask me the codes FOR ONE NIGHT= ASK FIRST, no instant reservat
22182	AMENITIES: -Elegant, sunny and spacious apartment in the chic 5th arrondissement -3 private and separate bedrooms -2 separate bathrooms  -Free Wi-Fi connection and cable TV -Metro: Maubert Mutualité (Line 10) This 140sqm apartment is located on on the 5th floor of a secure residential Paris apartment building with an elevator. This beautiful apartment located on the Boulevard Saint Germain is spacious and airy with high ceilings throughout.  Beautiful crown moulding decorates every room and there is parquet flooring throughout.  Every room has large French windows, which are double-glazed so the noise from the streets below does not enter.  No more cramped hotel rooms, stay in Paris in style and luxury at this central apartment. On entering the apartment, you are met with a large entryway, side table and coat racks and from this you have access to the other rooms in the apartment. To the front of the property, you have the large living area a comfortable sofa and armchair.  There is al	3BR, 2BA, 1 Living Room, 1 Dining Area, 1 Kitchen, 1 Large Balcony with Eiffel Tower View, Sleeps 6 AMENITIES: -Elegant, sunny and spacious apartment in the chic 5th arrondissement -3 private and separate bedrooms -2 separate bathrooms  -Free Wi-Fi connection and cable TV -Metro: Maubert Mutualité (Line 10) This 140sqm apartment is located on on the 5th floor of a secure residential Paris apartment building with an elevator. This beautiful apartment located on the Boulevard Saint Germain is spacious and airy with high ceilings throughout.  Beautiful crown moulding decorates every room and there is parquet flooring throughout.  Every room has large French windows, which are double-glazed so the noise from the streets below does not enter.  No more cramped hotel rooms, stay in Paris in style and luxury at this central apartment. On entering the apartment, you are met with a large entryway, side table and coat racks and from this you have access to the other rooms in the apartment. To the
22183	"It's a charming, very central, well furnished, bright 500 ft2 two room apartment (48 sqm). ººººººººººººººººººººººººº large very bright living room on the street small very quiet bedroom on the courtyard (with a large cupboard) nice well equiped kitchen (dish-washer) small bathroom (shower and washing machine) separate wc high speed internet, wifi, tv cable, free international home lines calls ººººººººººººººººººººººººº It's located rue de l'ecole polytechnique, on the ""Saint Genevieve hill"", in the heart of Latin Quarter. 2 min from Pantheon, La Sorbonne, Maubert market, 8 min from the Luxembourg Park, Odeon, Saint Michel, Notre-Dame cathedral, Saint Louis island...  In the heart of the ""Art and Essai"" movie theatres area.  Maubert, rue Mouffetard or Place Monge markets are all very close too.  Subway, RER and buses :  2 min to Maubert-Mutualité subway station (line 10) 6 min to bus (phone number hidden) (Les Ecoles station) 7 min to Jussieu (line 7) 8 min to Odeon (line 4) 8 min to Lux"	"It's a charming, very central, well furnished, all equiped, bright 500 ft2 two room apartment (46 sqm).  Located just between Maubert and the Pantheon. 5 to 10 minutes walking from Notre-Dame, Sorbonne, Luxembourg garden, rue mouffetard... It's a charming, very central, well furnished, bright 500 ft2 two room apartment (48 sqm). ººººººººººººººººººººººººº large very bright living room on the street small very quiet bedroom on the courtyard (with a large cupboard) nice well equiped kitchen (dish-washer) small bathroom (shower and washing machine) separate wc high speed internet, wifi, tv cable, free international home lines calls ººººººººººººººººººººººººº It's located rue de l'ecole polytechnique, on the ""Saint Genevieve hill"", in the heart of Latin Quarter. 2 min from Pantheon, La Sorbonne, Maubert market, 8 min from the Luxembourg Park, Odeon, Saint Michel, Notre-Dame cathedral, Saint Louis island...  In the heart of the ""Art and Essai"" movie theatres area.  Maubert, rue Mouffetard or "
22184	Very beautiful one bedroom apartment, on Boulevard Saint Germain, in the 5th Arrondissement. Amazing views on Pantheon, Eiffel Tower, and Notre Dame de Paris! Located on the 6th floor, with an elevator, of a lovely building dating from 1880. Accommodation for 4 guests.  The apartment was recently renovated with a charming decoration. It has an area of 50 square meters, or 538 square feet. Very luminous living room with a convertible sofa, a dining table, and a french window. The Pantheon is just in from of you from the living room and the bedroom. From the small balcony, you can see the Eiffel Tower on the right. From the fully equipped kitchen, you can see the beautiful Notre Dame de Paris. The bedroom is comfortable with a queen size bed, and a separate TV. Enjoy the Pantheon from the bedroom, and the small balcony. The bathroom has an Italian shower. The toilet is separate with a sink. All windows have double glazing. Amenities include wifi, cable TV, phone, washer, dishwasher, bed 	Very beautiful one bedroom apartment, on Boulevard Saint Germain, in the 5th Arrondissement. Amazing views on Pantheon, Eiffel Tower, and Notre Dame de Paris! Located on the 6th floor, with an elevator, of a lovely building dating from 1880. Accommodation for 4 guests.  The apartment was recently renovated with a charming decoration. It has an area of 50 square meters, or 538 square feet. Very luminous living room with a convertible sofa, a dining table, and a french window. The Pantheon is just in from of you from the living room and the bedroom. From the small balcony, you can see the Eiffel Tower on the right. From the fully equipped kitchen, you can see the beautiful Notre Dame de Paris. The bedroom is comfortable with a queen size bed, and a separate TV. Enjoy the Pantheon from the bedroom, and the small balcony. The bathroom has an Italian shower. The toilet is separate with a sink. All windows have double glazing. Amenities include wifi, cable TV, phone, washer, dishwasher, bed 
22185		Studio accueillant et pratique situé idéalement au coeur du quartier latin, à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard, dans une rue calme. Peut loger de deux à quatre personnes, très bien desservi par les transports en commun, à proximité de nombreux .
22186	Stunning STRICTLY SMOKE FREE studio completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and paintings, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen, washer-dryer, dish washing machine, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Pres and the Seine river. AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. It's a 4th floor walk in, with a lift, despite the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc.. All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk all around and visit the city, but also take the subway (Metro Saint-Michel) or the bus, or the bicycle rentals nearby. Waking up in front of Notre Dame and the Seine will make your stay unforgettable! 	From the windows of this charming Studio, completely independent, hosting two guests, admire the Notre Dame Cathedral and enjoy the incomparable charm of the Latin Quarter, close to the Seine and its monuments ! Stunning STRICTLY SMOKE FREE studio completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and paintings, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen, washer-dryer, dish washing machine, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Pres and the Seine river. AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. It's a 4th floor walk in, with a lift, despite the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc.. All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk all aro
22187	This apartment can bring you the quiet you need while you are at the center of the city. You have : a room with a double bed, and the possibility to welcome a baby 0-24 months ( bed, bath, ...).	This apartment can bring you the quiet you need while you are at the center of the city. You have : a room with a double bed, and the possibility to welcome a baby 0-24 months ( bed, bath, ...). -wifi connection -kitchenette -washing machine -everything for baby We'll be there to welcome you and give you all the informations you could need, and we'll come back for the check out. Of course you will have a phone number to reach us. Mouffetard is the place to be in Paris, it's like a little french village, in the capital of France... Charming, full of life, you can easily go to luxembourg park, Jardin des plantes park, Notre-Dame, la Seine ... We also have a market with organic fruits and vegetables, nice little restaurants, and great bakeries. bus : 27, 47, and 91. metro : Line 7 Vélib station (city bikes) and taxi station. 
22188	The studio flat is one bedroom studio. There is a sofa-bed for two people, a tiny furnished kitchen (Italian coffee-maker, microwaves, water heater). In the right corner of the room there is a shower the toilets are separated in the landing, outside the studio, at the hall and shared with just another one studio. The studio has a laundry machine, nice and bright Parisian window. Sound system and good taste decorating.	Typical Parisian studio charming, boheme, affordable and romantic! Studio of 19m2 located in deep historic center of Paris, in Saint Germain des prés. Amazing view from Notre Dame and Sena. The Metro St. Michel is less them 2 m walking from the flat. The studio flat is one bedroom studio. There is a sofa-bed for two people, a tiny furnished kitchen (Italian coffee-maker, microwaves, water heater). In the right corner of the room there is a shower the toilets are separated in the landing, outside the studio, at the hall and shared with just another one studio. The studio has a laundry machine, nice and bright Parisian window. Sound system and good taste decorating. The apartment is very well located at Rue Saint Michel, with a walk distance to the typical Quartier de La Huchette with many restaurants and souvenirs shops . Very lively and safe.  The apartment is located in one original Parisian building, at the 6th floor without lift (elevator). Stunning view from the Sene river and the 
22189	Grand appartement spacieux, à 300 mètres du jardin du Luxembourg, sur une très charmante place. 3 grandes chambres doubles, une salle de bains, une salle d.eau, grande cuisine, beau balcon. Appartement avec tout le confort.	Grand appartement dans un quartier historique et très charmant. Tout le confort pour passer un excellent séjour dans cet endroit unique. Grand appartement spacieux, à 300 mètres du jardin du Luxembourg, sur une très charmante place. 3 grandes chambres doubles, une salle de bains, une salle d.eau, grande cuisine, beau balcon. Appartement avec tout le confort. Possibilité de communiquer pendant votre sejour Quartier très vivant, entre la rue mouffettes et le jardin du luxembourg Proche du RER Luxembourg
22190	Le calme et la lumière au coeur de Paris : Tel pourrait être le slogan de présentation de cet appartement Parisien.  • Ensoleillé dès qu'il fait beau et à l' abri des bruits de la ville, cet appartement de charme met à votre disposition 40 m2 au 3ème étage d' un immeuble du 17ème siècle.  • Très bien sécurisé: code à la porte d'entrée suivie d'une grille en fer forgé dotée d' un interphone. Une fois la grille ouverte, vous accédez à une ravissante petite cour fleurie d'où se découvre la belle cage d'escalier donnant accès à l'appartement.  • L'appartement se compose de deux pièces, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bains avec WC. Le vaste living-room est divisé en deux parties: salon et salle à manger. La partie salle à manger est suivie de la cuisine équipée; la partie salon communique avec la chambre et la salle de bains. Deux couples ou une famille de cinq personnes peuvent y loger à l'aise.  • La cuisine équipée d'un micro-ondes, d'une plaque de cuisson à quatre feux avec hotte, de m	Le calme et la lumière au coeur de Paris : Tel pourrait être le slogan de présentation de cet appartement Parisien.  • Ensoleillé dès qu'il fait beau et à l' abri des bruits de la ville, cet appartement de charme met à votre disposition 40 m2 au 3ème étage d' un immeuble du 17ème siècle.  • Très bien sécurisé: code à la porte d'entrée suivie d'une grille en fer forgé dotée d' un interphone. Une fois la grille ouverte, vous accédez à une ravissante petite cour fleurie d'où se découvre la belle cage d'escalier donnant accès à l'appartement.  • L'appartement se compose de deux pièces, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bains avec WC. Le vaste living-room est divisé en deux parties: salon et salle à manger. La partie salle à manger est suivie de la cuisine équipée; la partie salon communique avec la chambre et la salle de bains. Deux couples ou une famille de cinq personnes peuvent y loger à l'aise.  • La cuisine équipée d'un micro-ondes, d'une plaque de cuisson à quatre feux avec hotte, de m
22191		"Chers tous, Mon charmant studio vous permettra de passer un agréable moment à Paris. Tout confort, certes de petite taille, vous aurez tout le nécessaire pour vous sentir ""à la maison"". Le lit accueil une personne voir deux sans problème. La vue sur cour est agréable, l'immeuble sécurisé. Supermarché, métro à 30 secondes, idéalement plaçé: 10 min de chatelet / 15 min de opéra / nombreux bus à côté. Sans oublier l'agréable rue mouffetard à 5 min à pieds. Idéal spot pour couple et personnes seules Supermarché Boulangerie Metro à 10 secondes Bus en face Rue mouffetard à 5 min à pieds Accès Gare de Lyon / Gare d'Austerlitz / Gare Montparnasse en 10 / 15 min en bus direct 10 min de metro pour chatelet Les Halles 15 min de metro pour se rendre place de l'opéra Centre commercial Italie 2 à 5 min à pieds Grande Mosquée de Paris a 5 min à pieds Jardin des plantes à 5 min à pieds Jardin du Luxembourg a 10 min à peine en bus Etc ..... :) Métro ligne 7 arrêt Les Gobelins  Métro ligne 6 arrêt Place"
22192	Charming studio ideally located in the 5th arrondissement (closeby Luxembourg garden). All equipped. Very quiet and bright apartment. 4th floor without elevator.  Extra futon bed for a child.  	Charming studio ideally located in the 5th arrondissement (closeby Luxembourg garden). All equipped. Very quiet and bright apartment. 4th floor without elevator.  Extra futon bed for a child.  
22193		Notre appartement est très agréable, située dans le 5 ème arrondissement à 5 min à pied de la célèbre rue Mouffetard, il est également tout près du Jardin des plantes. Très pratique pour rejoindre les gares (lignes directes ou gares proches).
22194	-A charming Parisian Apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter- LOCATION:  In a safe and quiet area of the Latin Quarter, within walking distance of Notre-Dame, Pantheon, the Roman Arenes de Lutece, etc.  The apartment is located just opposite the Jardin des Plantes with its beautiful botanical gardens, museums and zoo, and next to the Grand Mosque of Paris and its wonderful restaurants, tea garden and hammam.  TRANSPORTATION:  Very good access to public transport (numerous busses on the doorstep, 5min walk to Metros Censier Daubenton or Place Monge) VELIB' (city bicycle rentals) and AUTOLIB' (city car rentals) on the doorstep  SHOPPING: Bakers, butchers, cheese shops, supermarkets and other necessary shops all local Street markets: Place Monge Wednesdays and Moufftard daily with street artists Sunday mornings Clothes shops, gift shops etc nearby. APARTMENT DESCRIPTION: The cozy apartment is very sunny with an open view - perfect for a Parisian experience! Situated on the 2nd floor w	-A charming Parisian Apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter- LOCATION:  In a safe and quiet area of the Latin Quarter, within walking distance of Notre-Dame, Pantheon, the Roman Arenes de Lutece, etc.  The apartment is located just opposite the Jardin des Plantes with its beautiful botanical gardens, museums and zoo, and next to the Grand Mosque of Paris and its wonderful restaurants, tea garden and hammam.  TRANSPORTATION:  Very good access to public transport (numerous busses on the doorstep, 5min walk to Metros Censier Daubenton or Place Monge) VELIB' (city bicycle rentals) and AUTOLIB' (city car rentals) on the doorstep  SHOPPING: Bakers, butchers, cheese shops, supermarkets and other necessary shops all local Street markets: Place Monge Wednesdays and Moufftard daily with street artists Sunday mornings Clothes shops, gift shops etc nearby. APARTMENT DESCRIPTION: The cozy apartment is very sunny with an open view - perfect for a Parisian experience! Situated on the 2nd floor w
22195	Situé au troisième étage d'un immeuble ancien (étages peu élevés), dans une petite rue du vieux Paris, cet appartement revêt tout le charme des studios romantiques au poutres apparentes. Proche de tous les commerces et des moyens de transport, il séduit par son emplacement idéal pour visiter la ville lumière aux charmes envoûtants. Pourvu de toutes les commodités d'un appartement moderne, télévision, lecteur DVD, connexion internet par Wifi, micro-ondes, macgine à laver, sèche-cheveux et fer à repasser, il vous permettra de passer une séjour sans encombres. Totalement refait à neuf, il bénéficie de toutes les garanties nécessaires (électricité et plomberie totalement refaites) à votre parfaite sécurité. Composé d'un lit double dans le coin chambre et d'un canapé convertible dans le salon, : idéal de une à quatre personnes. 	Beau studio de charme ,poutres apparentes, salon et coin chambre, dans le vieux Paris, à 2 pas de Notre Dame et des quais de la Seine, en plein centre du quartier latin Idéal à 2 pos 4p. et pour visiter  les monuments et centres d'intérêts parisiens. Situé au troisième étage d'un immeuble ancien (étages peu élevés), dans une petite rue du vieux Paris, cet appartement revêt tout le charme des studios romantiques au poutres apparentes. Proche de tous les commerces et des moyens de transport, il séduit par son emplacement idéal pour visiter la ville lumière aux charmes envoûtants. Pourvu de toutes les commodités d'un appartement moderne, télévision, lecteur DVD, connexion internet par Wifi, micro-ondes, macgine à laver, sèche-cheveux et fer à repasser, il vous permettra de passer une séjour sans encombres. Totalement refait à neuf, il bénéficie de toutes les garanties nécessaires (électricité et plomberie totalement refaites) à votre parfaite sécurité. Composé d'un lit double dans le coin
22196	The apartment is located in a quiet but central area.  We're really relaxed and hope you'll feel at home.  You will stay in 1 bedroom in a 2 bedroom apartment.  The bedroom is facing a courtyard so it's very quiet.  It also has a charming chimney.	Our place is in a classic Parisian building with an inner courtyard, less than 5 minutes from the Pantheon and Jardin de Luxembourg.  It's on a quiet street in a central arrondissement where great writers and thinkers lived and still do. The apartment is located in a quiet but central area.  We're really relaxed and hope you'll feel at home.  You will stay in 1 bedroom in a 2 bedroom apartment.  The bedroom is facing a courtyard so it's very quiet.  It also has a charming chimney. Guests will have access to the kitchen (including  all things to cook and store food), the bathroom (with full bathtub!) and living room. We're available by email or text and happy to give advice (in addition to what's in our guidebook on Airbnb).  Normally, we are quite busy with work and social life, so you will have plenty of privacy. The great part is that despite being central, the neighborhood is still relaxed and you get a sense of everyday life. The Quartier Latin is still the intellectual center of P
22197		Appartement 3 pièces, 1 chambre disponible avec cuisine, salle de bain et WC. 
22198	Beautiful apartment very comfortable with 2 bedrooms, 1 dining room, 1 living room with TV and wi fi kitchen and bathroom. Located in the Latin Quarter. near Museum of natural history and botanical garden, transport metro and bus (line 7 bus 47,67,89). I am a host working in the cultural field and can advise you on your stay in Paris. Welcome!	Beautiful apartment very comfortable with 2 bedrooms, 1 dining room, 1 living room with TV and wi fi kitchen and bathroom. Located in the Latin Quarter. near Museum of natural history and botanical garden, transport metro and bus (line 7 bus 47,67,89). I am a host working in the cultural field and can advise you on your stay in Paris. Welcome!
22199	- Two minutes walk from Notre Dame and Seine river - Steps away from Pantheon As you walk along the streets of old Paris in the LATIN QUARTER, you'll discover designer boutiques, antique shops, renowned galleries and famous cafes frequented by the intellectuals and artists of Paris throughout history. Thanks to this incredible location, you will be only a few minutes from some of Paris' most beautiful monuments, Pantheon, Notre Dame, the Sorbonne and the Luxembourg Gardens. This 65 sqm, first floor apartment is truly exclusive and luxurious, offering high quality contemporary accommodation in a unique setting. Beautifully furnished and finely designed, paying homage to the history and character of a classic Parisian building, this apartment has your comfort and cultural experience in mind. You'll find a bright living room, a dining room table and a fully equipped kitchen. This prestigious apartment has 2 separate bedrooms and can sleep up to 4 people with two double beds, one in each b	- Two minutes walk from Notre Dame and Seine river - Steps away from Pantheon As you walk along the streets of old Paris in the LATIN QUARTER, you'll discover designer boutiques, antique shops, renowned galleries and famous cafes frequented by the intellectuals and artists of Paris throughout history. Thanks to this incredible location, you will be only a few minutes from some of Paris' most beautiful monuments, Pantheon, Notre Dame, the Sorbonne and the Luxembourg Gardens. This 65 sqm, first floor apartment is truly exclusive and luxurious, offering high quality contemporary accommodation in a unique setting. Beautifully furnished and finely designed, paying homage to the history and character of a classic Parisian building, this apartment has your comfort and cultural experience in mind. You'll find a bright living room, a dining room table and a fully equipped kitchen. This prestigious apartment has 2 separate bedrooms and can sleep up to 4 people with two double beds, one in each b
