18000	The apartment has 2 bedrooms and one bathroom. The flat has a large (35 m2) living/ dining room with a fully equipped kitchen. You will stay in our guests bedroom (18 m2) which has a nice view over a garden. It has a small desk for laptop work, and a closet with hanger.  You will have access to the whole apartment e.g. the spacious kitchen and living room space, except our room (master bedroom) which will be closed.  Internet (Wi-fi) available. The bathroom is equipped with a shower and the WC is in a separate room.	Our spacious flat (85m2) is located in central Paris, in the great area of Marais, in a calm street full of art galleries, walking distance from Centre Georges Pompidou. Plenty of bars, restaurants and small shops around!
18001	Sunny Studio (25 m2), freshly renovated, at the 6th floor (elevator) of a beautiful building, located Rue Vieille-du-Temple, in the very center of the Marais, at 200 m of the Picasso Museum and close to the Place des Vosges. All style of restaurants, the best of the shopping in Paris, everything is in your hand. Exceptional sight on the parisian rooftops and the most beautiful monuments of the town.	Sunny Studio (25 m2), freshly renovated, top floor (elevator) of a 19th s. building, located Rue Vieille-du-Temple, center of the Marais, near  Picasso Museum and  Place des Vosges. All style of restaurants, museums, shopping, great view.... Sunny Studio (25 m2), freshly renovated, at the 6th floor (elevator) of a beautiful building, located Rue Vieille-du-Temple, in the very center of the Marais, at 200 m of the Picasso Museum and close to the Place des Vosges. All style of restaurants, the best of the shopping in Paris, everything is in your hand. Exceptional sight on the parisian rooftops and the most beautiful monuments of the town. Plenty of restaurants, top of the shopping. Many art galeries, Picasso Museum, Centre George-Pompidou, Carnavalet Museum... Neighborhood like a little village with a real parisian market, bakery... One of the top places in Paris. Metro : Fille-duCalvaire (the closer one) ; Saint-Paul (10 mn walk). Lots of buses (96, 20, 65..).  Closer parking : rue de B
18002	This is a studio with all modern comforts.  The apartment can accommodate 2 people.  Linens are provided.  The apartment, located courtyard is quiet and bright.	This is a studio in the Marais near the Pompidou Center (Museum of Modern Art) in the 3rd arrondissement. It's the 4th floor of a quiet building of the 17th century. This is a studio with all modern comforts.  The apartment can accommodate 2 people.  Linens are provided.  The apartment, located courtyard is quiet and bright. Studio equipped with every comfort : toilet, shower, microwave, refrigerator) with a double bed on the mezzanine. We will be there to welcome you, explain the functioning of equipment and recommend the best places in town. You can walk to the Louvre or Notre-Dame. We are in the heart of Paris in a quiet street.  We are close to supermarkets, restaurants and major monuments of Paris. The nearest subways are Arts et Métiers, Rambuteau, Hôtel de Ville or Les Halles.  You also have numerous bus lines.
18003		廚房設備齊全, 洗衣機, 暖氣, 免費wi-fi上網, 
18004	CHARMING FLAT and TOP LOCATION :) It  has a living room, dining area, real fire place, separate kitchen with oven, micro wave, washing machine and dish washer, separate bedroom with comfortable bed. Very  quiet and sunny, this is a real charming place to stay ! Bed linen and towels provided.	 2 pièces de charme , accueillant et bien équipé , belle hauteur de plafond, poutres apparentes , cheminée . Vue sur les toits, calme et ensoleillé. A 5 minutes du Marché de la rue de Bretagne CHARMING FLAT and TOP LOCATION :) It  has a living room, dining area, real fire place, separate kitchen with oven, micro wave, washing machine and dish washer, separate bedroom with comfortable bed. Very  quiet and sunny, this is a real charming place to stay ! Bed linen and towels provided. ALL THE FLAT IS YOURS ! I will be happy to welcome you in person at the apartment and introduce you to the area. Great location with many cafes,  restaurants, designer shops, fresh market des Enfants Rouges rue de Bretagne. Easy commute to everywhere, this location is perfect to discover Paris. It's on many subway lines : (phone number hidden) euros  will be asked in case of check in and check out before 9 or after  6:30 pm and if you need me to come outside working hours during your stay.
18005	In a luxury stone building  very close to subway stations of lines 8, 5, 1, which allow you to be very quickly in all the places of Paris, and in approximately 45 mn Roissy and Orly airports , you are 200 m of the « place desVosges », at the heart of Paris, in the historic district of the « Marais », with its very numerous restaurants livened up all year long, and by the shopping street of the « Francs Bourgeois », with its numerous shops, This district contains numerous museums (Carnavalet, Picasso, Victor Hugo's house …) and you can quickly go on foot on « Notre-Dame », « l’Ile de la Cite » and the banks of the Seine. It is a family apartment in the fourth and last floor, with an elevator and access codes. Two chambers give onto a very calm internal park, what is rare in the center of Paris.  The third chamber gives onto the street, but the facing each other buildings are taken away. The living room gives at the same time onto the internal park and onto the street. A chamber with a b	In a luxury stone building  very close to subway stations of lines 8, 5, 1, which allow you to be very quickly in all the places of Paris, and in approximately 45 mn Roissy and Orly airports , you are 200 m of the « place desVosges », at the heart of Paris, in the historic district of the « Marais », with its very numerous restaurants livened up all year long, and by the shopping street of the « Francs Bourgeois », with its numerous shops, This district contains numerous museums (Carnavalet, Picasso, Victor Hugo's house …) and you can quickly go on foot on « Notre-Dame », « l’Ile de la Cite » and the banks of the Seine. It is a family apartment in the fourth and last floor, with an elevator and access codes. Two chambers give onto a very calm internal park, what is rare in the center of Paris.  The third chamber gives onto the street, but the facing each other buildings are taken away. The living room gives at the same time onto the internal park and onto the street. A chamber with a b
18006	Quiet Studio-Apartment, in a décor of refined elegance, in the heart of Paris, with double bed, bathroom (shower & WC), fully equipped kitchen, and private patio. Your home away from home is located in a building that dates back to the end of the Middle Ages, in a quiet sidestreet of the Marais, the heart of Paris.  On the ground floor on the backside of the house, you have a double bed, bathroom with shower & WC, a fully equipped kitchen, a 19th century secrétaire desk, and a folding table with two chairs. It gives access to a private patio with a table and two chairs where you can have (if weather permits) your meals or your glass of wine after a day strolling through the city. The exposed beams and its style of refined elegance give it that old-world feel. You could not be more central in Paris! This studio apartment is the ideal location if you want to discover the entire city.  The Pompidou Center is only 200 meters away, a bit further you'll find Notre Dame, Places des Vosges, th	Quiet Studio-Apartment, in a décor of refined elegance, in the heart of Paris, with double bed, bathroom (shower & WC), fully equipped kitchen, and private patio. Your home away from home is located in a building that dates back to the end of the Middle Ages, in a quiet sidestreet of the Marais, the heart of Paris.  On the ground floor on the backside of the house, you have a double bed, bathroom with shower & WC, a fully equipped kitchen, a 19th century secrétaire desk, and a folding table with two chairs. It gives access to a private patio with a table and two chairs where you can have (if weather permits) your meals or your glass of wine after a day strolling through the city. The exposed beams and its style of refined elegance give it that old-world feel. You could not be more central in Paris! This studio apartment is the ideal location if you want to discover the entire city.  The Pompidou Center is only 200 meters away, a bit further you'll find Notre Dame, Places des Vosges, th
18007	Situated in a Wonderful district in a very heart center of historical quarter of Paris! You will entrance in the MARAIS VILLAGE. It's entirely renovated with a parisian esprit ,an old world charms mixed with a well equiped modern kitchen & contempery bathroom,an authentic experience of parisian way of life in a chic & artistic quarter of most sought after area of Marais while your unforgetable stay in Paris. There are numerous museums including Centre Pompidou, Musée Picasso,Musée Carnavarlet, Musée du Louvre, a coulourful jewish quarter, many restaurants, bars & cafés surrounded. Yet the street itself is quiet & rather residential absolutely safe to walk around even anytime in the late night .  Bakery, Butchery, Supermarkets, Drugstores... All amenities are near by . Public Transport is indeed well served, less than 2 minutes to Metro & Buses from the apartment. If you thought about your international driver license, you will also be a able to rent public electric cars all around Pari	Situated in a Wonderful district in a very heart center of historical quarter of Paris! You will entrance in the MARAIS VILLAGE. It's entirely renovated with a parisian esprit ,an old world charms mixed with a well equiped modern kitchen & contempery bathroom,an authentic experience of parisian way of life in a chic & artistic quarter of most sought after area of Marais while your unforgetable stay in Paris. There are numerous museums including Centre Pompidou, Musée Picasso,Musée Carnavarlet, Musée du Louvre, a coulourful jewish quarter, many restaurants, bars & cafés surrounded. Yet the street itself is quiet & rather residential absolutely safe to walk around even anytime in the late night .  Bakery, Butchery, Supermarkets, Drugstores... All amenities are near by . Public Transport is indeed well served, less than 2 minutes to Metro & Buses from the apartment. If you thought about your international driver license, you will also be a able to rent public electric cars all around Pari
18008		Grande chambre dans bel appartement, immeuble 17 ème siècle, dans le centre historique de Paris.
18009	L’appartement d’une surface de 37 mètres carrés peut accueillir de 1 à 4 personnes. L’espace s’organise autour d’un séjour avec un lit en mezzanine, d’une cuisine et d’une salle de bain indépendante. Il dispose de deux grandes fenêtres qui rendent le studio très lumineux. 	L’appartement d’une surface de 37 mètres carrés peut accueillir de 1 à 4 personnes. L’espace s’organise autour d’un séjour avec un lit en mezzanine, d’une cuisine et d’une salle de bain indépendante. Il dispose de deux grandes fenêtres qui rendent le studio très lumineux.  Seront mis à disposition : un grand séjour avec canapé convertible pour 2 personnes/  lit en mezzanine pour 2 personnes /une cuisine avec frigidaire, lave vaisselle, four, vaisselle / plaques de cuisson / T.V. / une salle de bain avec douche / machine à laver/ fer à repasser/ Accès internet . Appartement parisien dans un quartier très agréable à vivre. Situé en plein cœur de Marais, entre République, Hôtel de Ville et place des Vosges. Station Filles du Calvaire: ligne 8 du métro qui passe par des endroits les plus touristiques: Champs de Mars, Grands Boulevards, Invalides, Concorde, Opéra.  Station Temple: Ligne 3 Station: République, ligne 3,  5, 8, 9 et 11
18010	For an unforgettable trip in Paris, enjoy in this charming flat located right in the center of Paris. The location enables to enjoy all the charms Paris has to offer : walking distance from trendy restaurants and bars within le Marais Few blocks away from Pompidou museum and shopping area open 7/7 5 minutes cab from St Germain des Près The appartmen was recently renovated and has :  - a fitted kitchen - a large shower - a large and comfortable bed  - a washing and drying machine  - independant restrooms - Free wifi - Digicode  - Nespresso - Toaster - Juicer	Located right in the center of Paris in le Marais neighbourhood, this flat is the perfect spot to discover the city For an unforgettable trip in Paris, enjoy in this charming flat located right in the center of Paris. The location enables to enjoy all the charms Paris has to offer : walking distance from trendy restaurants and bars within le Marais Few blocks away from Pompidou museum and shopping area open 7/7 5 minutes cab from St Germain des Près The appartmen was recently renovated and has :  - a fitted kitchen - a large shower - a large and comfortable bed  - a washing and drying machine  - independant restrooms - Free wifi - Digicode  - Nespresso - Toaster - Juicer
18011		Dans le Haut Marais, à proximité de la place de la République, de la place des Vosges, du centre Beaubourg, ou du quartier piéton de la rue Montorgueil, on y trouve de nombreux commerces. Les déplacements à pieds se font à partir de là, aisément.
18012	Rent a homely and cosy apartment in the heart of Paris in Place des Vosges. It is best location you can find to explore & experience this city.  Within 20 min from everything you want to see in Paris!!  The house is 43 m2 ,with two bedroom rooms and living room and bathroom . Comfortably accommodates 4 persons.  Has lot of light with huge windows in every room.	This homely two bedroom apartment  situated in a quite courtyard in Place des Vosges , one of the iconic and bustling  area of Paris. From shopping to night life to french cuisine , this is the quarter(Marais) you want to experience for your holiday. Rent a homely and cosy apartment in the heart of Paris in Place des Vosges. It is best location you can find to explore & experience this city.  Within 20 min from everything you want to see in Paris!!  The house is 43 m2 ,with two bedroom rooms and living room and bathroom . Comfortably accommodates 4 persons.  Has lot of light with huge windows in every room. It is a beautiful neighborhood with everything you've ever imagined paris to be : french bakeries, restaurants, brunchs, bars, parc, fine art galleries plenty!!, museums (picassos' , victor hugos' house)...  This neighborhood is a food heaven and a treat for designer shopping. Bastille a clubbing hot-spot with plenty of bars  and more restaurants is 5 minutes away by walk. Gare de l
18013	Welcome to my very small flat (10 m) in the very center of Paris ( high side of Le Marais- 10 min walk from Republique) Only one room, organized like a boat cabin: kitchen, shower, and a convertible bed (for 2). Private WC are separated on the floor.They are private and clean but on the floor. One other person in the building is able to use it.	Welcome to my very small flat (10 m) in the very center of Paris ( high side of Le Marais- 10 min walk from Republique) Only one room, organized like a boat cabin: kitchen, shower, and a convertible bed (for 2). Private WC are separated on the floor. Welcome to my very small flat (10 m) in the very center of Paris ( high side of Le Marais- 10 min walk from Republique) Only one room, organized like a boat cabin: kitchen, shower, and a convertible bed (for 2). Private WC are separated on the floor.They are private and clean but on the floor. One other person in the building is able to use it.
18014	My place is located in a typical Parisian court yard. It's on the ground floor, it's bright and very calm. It's perfectly located in the heart of Paris, in a real Parisian area. You won't feel like a tourist, even though most touristic attractions are walking distance. This 32m2 studio apartment is furnished with: One double mezzanine bed, one single bed, one double sofa. Included in my place: Wifi, tv and dvd's Dish-washer, microwave, kettle, coffee-machine, cooktop. Towels, beddings, shampoo, soap, hair drier, hot water, Coffee, tea, everything you need to cook, Special guide book with my personal tips as a true Parisian. 	My apartment is located at the end of typical Parisian court yard, with flowers and plants. It's on the ground floor, it's bright and very calm. it's also perfectly located in the heart of Paris, in a real parisian and artistic area. My place is located in a typical Parisian court yard. It's on the ground floor, it's bright and very calm. It's perfectly located in the heart of Paris, in a real Parisian area. You won't feel like a tourist, even though most touristic attractions are walking distance. This 32m2 studio apartment is furnished with: One double mezzanine bed, one single bed, one double sofa. Included in my place: Wifi, tv and dvd's Dish-washer, microwave, kettle, coffee-machine, cooktop. Towels, beddings, shampoo, soap, hair drier, hot water, Coffee, tea, everything you need to cook, Special guide book with my personal tips as a true Parisian. The rent is for the whole apartment. I'm available whenever you need me. 5 minutes walk from Le Marais, my area also known as the thea
18015	Modern and bright 35m²/377ft² studio in the 3rd Arrondissement, between the Marais and République square. Located in an new building with elevator on a quiet block just around the corner from Rue du Temple. This apartment is on the 4th floor and has two large windows that let in a lot of sunlight during the day (there are blackout screens as well). It has a queen size bed, a writing desk, a dining room table, a leather lounge chair, a 70cm/27inches flat screen TV with cable channels, DVD player, WIFI, stereo with an Ipod plug and a numeric piano. The kitchen is equipped with an electric stove, microwave, fridge, Nespresso and laundry machine. The bathroom has a very large tub with a showerhead.  Also provided: bed linens, towels, kitchen utensils, iron and an ironing board. Closest Subway: Arts et Métiers; but also within walking distance (5 min): Temple, République, Reaumur-Sebastopol. Area:  This apartment is located on Rue Au Maire in the Marais. There are bakeries, cafes, shops and	Modern and bright 35m²/377ft² studio in the 3rd Arrondissement, between the Marais and République square. Located in an new building with elevator on a quiet block just around the corner from Rue du Temple. This apartment is on the 4th floor and has two large windows that let in a lot of sunlight during the day (there are blackout screens as well). It has a queen size bed, a writing desk, a dining room table, a leather lounge chair, a 70cm/27inches flat screen TV with cable channels, DVD player, WIFI, stereo with an Ipod plug and a numeric piano. The kitchen is equipped with an electric stove, microwave, fridge, Nespresso and laundry machine. The bathroom has a very large tub with a showerhead.  Also provided: bed linens, towels, kitchen utensils, iron and an ironing board. Closest Subway: Arts et Métiers; but also within walking distance (5 min): Temple, République, Reaumur-Sebastopol. Area:  This apartment is located on Rue Au Maire in the Marais. There are bakeries, cafes, shops and
18016	Dans très bel appartement de collectionneurs fous d'art et de design.	Dans bel appartement XVIIIeme siècle, couple de collectionneurs reçoit dans une chambre sur deux niveaux avec un escalier et une mezzanine (4m60 hauteur sous plafond) à 400 mètres de la Place des Vosges. Dans très bel appartement de collectionneurs fous d'art et de design. Chambre privée + salle de bain partagée équipée de WC, 1 baignoire + 1 Cabine de douche et 1  lavabo privé.  Accès aux pièces de rèception salle à manger + salon. Prêt de guides sur Paris en version française. Quartier historique du Marais appartement situé à 400 m de la Place des Vosges métro Chemin Vert, bus 96, bus 29, statiin de Velib, autolib Présence d'un petit chien, allergique s'abstenir.
18017	Large studio of 31 m2 (one main room) with a corner bed room  in a building of recent standing (2nd floor with a lift), nested at the back of a listed paved courtyard, quiet place  .  Ideally located in the heart of Paris in Le Marais, the historic and cultural area close to the Pompidou and Picasso Museums and close to the main transportations. The flat is made up  stay with a pull-out sofa-bed (for 2, 140cm * 190 cm ), a pull-out table, 4 chairs, a semi-separate corner room with a réal bed  of 140 cm*190cm  (for2),a separated small kitchen entirely equipped : Oven combined microwaves and traditional, a refrigerator with a compartment freezer,  Vitroceramics cooktop, coffee maker,toaster,  cooker hood,cupboards and of all the necessary ustensiles to cook and finally a big bathroom out of (website hidden) (local tv TNT only) station IPOD,  washing and drying machine Hair dryer Table and iron The linen is included (Sheets, towels etc…). A baby cot , baby bouncer, can be also placed at y	Large studio of 30 m2 (1/2 room) with a corner bed room  in a building of recent standing (2nd floor with a lift). Ideally located in the heart of Paris in Le Marais, the historic and cultural area close to the Pompidou &Picasso Museums. Large studio of 31 m2 (one main room) with a corner bed room  in a building of recent standing (2nd floor with a lift), nested at the back of a listed paved courtyard, quiet place  .  Ideally located in the heart of Paris in Le Marais, the historic and cultural area close to the Pompidou and Picasso Museums and close to the main transportations. The flat is made up  stay with a pull-out sofa-bed (for 2, 140cm * 190 cm ), a pull-out table, 4 chairs, a semi-separate corner room with a réal bed  of 140 cm*190cm  (for2),a separated small kitchen entirely equipped : Oven combined microwaves and traditional, a refrigerator with a compartment freezer,  Vitroceramics cooktop, coffee maker,toaster,  cooker hood,cupboards and of all the necessary ustensiles to c
18018		Enjoy all day light and rooftop views in our super cozy studio. Cross the street and your in the Marais. Walking distance to Place de Voges. Short walk to Bastille farmers market. Lots of great restaurants and cafes nearby. A true gem!!
18019		Studio au 3ème étage sans ascenseur sur cour d'un bel immeuble du XVII siècle, meublé et équipé pour 2 pax, wifi inclus
18020	Typical style swamp housing. Spacious bathroom and large shower. A fully equipped kitchenette (dishes, pots, pans etc ..). A sofa bed with a comfortable mattress bultex. South facing, the apartment is sunny all day. No overlooked for privacy and a perfect calm.	Lovely 25m2 studio located in the heart of the Marais district. Close to the center Pompidou Gorges, the Republic Square and Les Halles. Very quiet and sunny, ideal for exploring the capital. Typical style swamp housing. Spacious bathroom and large shower. A fully equipped kitchenette (dishes, pots, pans etc ..). A sofa bed with a comfortable mattress bultex. South facing, the apartment is sunny all day. No overlooked for privacy and a perfect calm. Guests have access to the entire apartment. Kitchen, bathroom and living room. The apartment is equipped with internet, WIFI and television. I will be available and reachable for all matters relating to the apartment or to your visit. This is a central area of Paris. Located just behind the Museum of Arts and Crafts, you can go walk in the Marais, the Pompidou center, the Republic Square or the Halles district. The apartment is located next to the Metro lines 11, 3, 4, 9, 8 thus making your every single move.
18021	This charming and bright studio is the ideal place to stay when exploring the treasures of Paris. It's very quiet and has a marvellous view on the Musée Picasso.  It provides all the confort you need to enjoy your stay: a big bright room with a great bed for 2, table and chairs, flat screen, full Internet connexion, a small but equiped  kitchen, and a small bathroom.  Enjoy the famously known Marais where you’ll find the best restaurants, museums, and of course the greatest shopping spots.  You will find the best pizzeria in Paris at the foot of the building or very good restaurant in the street. For shopping lovers, you'll be in heaven. For those who prefer the heritage and sightseeing, you can do everything by walk from the apartment (Le Louvre, Notre Dame Cathedral, L'ile Saint Louis, Centre Georges Pompidou, etc.). At least 5 metro stations at your reach will get you anywhere in Paris in less than 30mn. At present, the Picasso Museum is open and the place is beautiful. The area is 	This charming and bright studio is the ideal place to stay when exploring the treasures of Paris. It's very quiet and has a marvellous view on the Musée Picasso.  It provides all the confort you need to enjoy your stay: a big bright room with a great bed for 2, table and chairs, flat screen, full Internet connexion, a small but equiped  kitchen, and a small bathroom.  Enjoy the famously known Marais where you’ll find the best restaurants, museums, and of course the greatest shopping spots.  You will find the best pizzeria in Paris at the foot of the building or very good restaurant in the street. For shopping lovers, you'll be in heaven. For those who prefer the heritage and sightseeing, you can do everything by walk from the apartment (Le Louvre, Notre Dame Cathedral, L'ile Saint Louis, Centre Georges Pompidou, etc.). At least 5 metro stations at your reach will get you anywhere in Paris in less than 30mn. At present, the Picasso Museum is open and the place is beautiful. The area is 
18022	L’atelier du Marais Ancien atelier transformé en un spacieux appartement familial et fonctionnel de 100m² en plein cœur du quartier du Marais à Paris . Situé  juste derrière le musée Pablo Picasso, entouré de galeries d’art et à 2 mn de la Place des Vosges. Idéal pour un séjour en famille (9 personnes),vous disposerez d’une entrée privative, donnant sur une cour intérieure pavée du 17 éme siècle , une partie des fenêtres donnent sur cette cour, ce qui en fait un endroit très calme, au centre de Paris A quelques pas du plus vieux marché de Paris, le marché des Enfants Rouges, la rue des Archives, la rue des Francs Bourgeois, la rue des Rosiers, la rue Vieille du Temple et beaucoup d’autres, vous êtes au cœur du vieux  Paris. A 10 mn à pied de l’île Saint Louis, du centre Georges Pompidou, de la place des Vosges, de la place de la Bastille. 3 stations de métro à proximité : Les filles du calvaire, Hôtel de ville, Saint-Paul L'appartement dispose d’une cuisine entièrement équipée ouverte 	L’atelier du Marais Ancien atelier transformé en un spacieux appartement familial et fonctionnel de 100m² en plein cœur du quartier du Marais à Paris . Situé  juste derrière le musée Pablo Picasso, entouré de galeries d’art et à 2 mn de la Place des Vosges. Idéal pour un séjour en famille (9 personnes),vous disposerez d’une entrée privative, donnant sur une cour intérieure pavée du 17 éme siècle , une partie des fenêtres donnent sur cette cour, ce qui en fait un endroit très calme, au centre de Paris A quelques pas du plus vieux marché de Paris, le marché des Enfants Rouges, la rue des Archives, la rue des Francs Bourgeois, la rue des Rosiers, la rue Vieille du Temple et beaucoup d’autres, vous êtes au cœur du vieux  Paris. A 10 mn à pied de l’île Saint Louis, du centre Georges Pompidou, de la place des Vosges, de la place de la Bastille. 3 stations de métro à proximité : Les filles du calvaire, Hôtel de ville, Saint-Paul L'appartement dispose d’une cuisine entièrement équipée ouverte 
18023	The bedroom is large and full of light. It is very comfortable, with a double bed and a large closet available for use.	    The cozy room is part of a SHARED &newly renovated flat, with two bedrooms and a large living room fully furnished. Located in Le Marais, it's nearby Le Marché des Enfants Rouges, Rue Bretagne & the Pompidou Center. Near subway and Velib stations.    The bedroom is large and full of light. It is very comfortable, with a double bed and a large closet available for use. Access to all the apartment. The flat is SHARED, the second bedroom is already occupied by a guest. We will be happy to welcome you here! Rue Bretagne is full of typical French cafés , the hip Cafe Charlot is a block away, as well as the mexican restaurant Calendaria (hidden bar in the back!) , Le Marché des Enfants Rouges with its varied food stands (Japanese, Burgers, Lebanese, Italian and the famous Paninis). Subway lines 11,3 AND MANY BUS LINES Velib station at 1 min
18024	We have spent a great deal of time and care renovating this 82 m2 apartment to make sure that your stay in the heart of the Marais is as comfortable and enjoyable as you could wish for. Located on the first floor of an Hôtel Particulier typical of the Marais, the entrance leads, on the right, to a vast living-room, in which you'll find a brand new full size sofa-bed (160 x 200 cm), a 42 inch flat screen TV with a DVD player and a selection of DVDs, and, most importantly for the winter months a large fonctioning fireplace. Once back in the entrance and past the small restroom on your left, a short coridoor leads to a large open plan kitchen and dining room. Loving food as much as we do, this kitchen is well equipped: oven, 4 gas hobs, dishwasher, complete set of pots and pans, fridge/freezer, Nespresso machine, coffee press, and good knives. A washing machine, tumble dryer, iron and ironing board are also available. In the dining area you'll find all necessary crockery and cutlery for m	Situated in the historical Marais, and the heart of Paris, discovering our great city could not be easier! We have spent a great deal of time and care renovating this 82 m2 apartment to make sure that your stay in the heart of the Marais is as comfortable and enjoyable as you could wish for. Located on the first floor of an Hôtel Particulier typical of the Marais, the entrance leads, on the right, to a vast living-room, in which you'll find a brand new full size sofa-bed (160 x 200 cm), a 42 inch flat screen TV with a DVD player and a selection of DVDs, and, most importantly for the winter months a large fonctioning fireplace. Once back in the entrance and past the small restroom on your left, a short coridoor leads to a large open plan kitchen and dining room. Loving food as much as we do, this kitchen is well equipped: oven, 4 gas hobs, dishwasher, complete set of pots and pans, fridge/freezer, Nespresso machine, coffee press, and good knives. A washing machine, tumble dryer, iron an
18025		This cozy 20 square meters studio, including a bathroom (toilet), a room, an inlaid kitchen, wifi connection and a balcony will welcome you to one of the most historical places in Paris: La Place de la Bastille!
18026	This beautiful studio is located on Rue Michel Le Comte close rue des Archives in Le Marais. 1st floor via stairs. The studio is over looking an exceptional courtyard of a 17th Mansion House - very quiet. Living room with convertible sofa, cable TV, WIFI and two large windows giving a lot of light to the studio. Fully equipped kitchen open to the living room and small dining table. Stairs up to mezzanine level with small double bed (1m20cm) and closets. Excellent location in the heart of Paris. 	Beautiful studio 23m² in a renovated 17th Century Mansion. Light and open space, double bed on mezzanine (120x200cm), wardrobe, sofa bed, bathroom with sink, shower, WC, kitchen with washer. WIFI. Central Marais location, 1st floor via stairs. Safe and central Paris, located on rue Beaubourg just a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, within the charming Marais area. 15 mins walk to River Seine, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Place des Vosges, rue de Rivoli and Le Louvre. Easy access to all major tourist attractions. Art galleries, boutiques and a lot of restaurants, bistrots, bars and cafés in this lively and fashionable area of Paris. Fantastic bakeries, butchers and supermarkets close by. Metros and buses nearby Metro Rambuteau, Arts et Metier, bus nearby
18027		Près du centre Beaubourg et de l'hôtel de ville Métro Rambuteau. A 10 min à pied de notre dame, 15 min de la place des Vosges et de ses galeries. Appartement de standing calme, situé dans un quartier animé. Double Séjour, Deux chambres.
18028	The exact address is 37, Rue de Turenne 75003 Paris It’s on the 2nd and last floor in a beautiful historic building from 17hundred. The apartment is 37m² and consists of two rooms (bedroom and living room) with a separated bathroom and kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped with a new oven, microwave, fridge. All the household linen is supplied: bath towels, sheets. I do not charge any cleaning fees.	Full equipped apartment in the hearth of the Marais close to Place des Vosges. Located in a large inner courtyard, the 2nd floor apartment is very sunny and calm. The exact address is 37, Rue de Turenne 75003 Paris It’s on the 2nd and last floor in a beautiful historic building from 17hundred. The apartment is 37m² and consists of two rooms (bedroom and living room) with a separated bathroom and kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped with a new oven, microwave, fridge. All the household linen is supplied: bath towels, sheets. I do not charge any cleaning fees. When arrived, the doorman will introduce you to the flat. Anyway if needed, just ask. I will always be available to respond. I could give you some good tips and tricks to make your stay in Paris the most memorable possible. Located in a central area, you will find close to numerous cafes, shops, restaurants, bars, theaters, concert halls, museums, etc. This studio is my primary residence, but I rent it because I’m almost always a
18029	Located in the second courtyard of a stone building, on the first floor , you will be in quiet space despite the typically Parisian neighborhood life. The apartment has a large double bed, a table and two chairs for dining. A dressing and storage are available. The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave oven, a refrigerator, a stove and a dishwasher, we also provide you with all the necessary dishes as well as a coffee maker, a tea pot and a electric kettle, to make your stay as comfortable and pleasant as possible. Also available “Mariage Frères” tea and coffee . Our very bright bathroom is equiped with a bathtub. The apartment has a high speed Wi-Fi and a flat screen TV with many international channels. The building is secured and protected by a code and a digik key .  Proximity to major subway lines. Ce studio de 20 mètres carrés refait à neuf par une architecte, avec des matériaux nobles, est situé au cœur de Paris, dans le Marais historique et peut accueillir deux personnes. À	This 20 square meters studio, renovated by architect with noble materials, is located in the very heart of Paris , in the historic Marais.  Located in the second courtyard of a stone building, on the first floor , you will be in quiet space despite the typically Parisian neighborhood life. The apartment has a large double bed, a table and two chairs for dining. A dressing and storage are available. The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave oven, a refrigerator, a stove and a dishwasher, we also provide you with all the necessary dishes as well as a coffee maker, a tea pot and a electric kettle, to make your stay as comfortable and pleasant as possible. Also available “Mariage Frères” tea and coffee . Our very bright bathroom is equiped with a bathtub. The apartment has a high speed Wi-Fi and a flat screen TV with many international channels. The building is secured and protected by a code and a digik key .  Proximity to major subway lines. Ce studio de 20 mètres carrés refait à ne
18030	Our stunning studio hideaway, newly renovated in 2013 by a Parisian interior designer, is located in the very heart of the Marais; steeped in history, this is one of the city’s most vibrant, beautiful and safe neighbourhoods.  Situated on a quiet side street, our bright, sunny studio of 27 metres square faces attractive buildings opposite, and is surrounded by excellent restaurants, speciality food shops, designer shopping and some of the best museums and sights Paris has to offer. You are only steps away from the Pompidou Centre, the Picasso and Carnavalet Museums, the National Archives and the Place des Vosges.  The River Seine, Notre Dame and Hotel de Ville are just 5-10 minutes’ walk away, with the Musee du Louvre, Musee d’Orsay, and the Jardin des Tuileries all at a further few minutes.  We are perfectly placed for the best RER and metro links, both within Paris and from the airport, please see more detail below. In keeping with the 17th century architecture of the area, our desig	Our stunning studio hideaway, newly renovated in 2013 by a Parisian interior designer, is located in the very heart of the Marais; steeped in history, this is one of the city’s most vibrant, beautiful and safe neighbourhoods.  Situated on a quiet side street, our bright, sunny studio of 27 metres square faces attractive buildings opposite, and is surrounded by excellent restaurants, speciality food shops, designer shopping and some of the best museums and sights Paris has to offer. You are only steps away from the Pompidou Centre, the Picasso and Carnavalet Museums, the National Archives and the Place des Vosges.  The River Seine, Notre Dame and Hotel de Ville are just 5-10 minutes’ walk away, with the Musee du Louvre, Musee d’Orsay, and the Jardin des Tuileries all at a further few minutes.  We are perfectly placed for the best RER and metro links, both within Paris and from the airport, please see more detail below. In keeping with the 17th century architecture of the area, our desig
18031	"En plein coeur du Marais ""trendy"" de Paris, espace blanc, très clair. Véritable nid douillet et design il est idéal pour 2 personnes.  Dans une rue calme, à 2 pas de la rue de Bretagne, de ses galeries et commerces. Métros à proximité. Un petit duplex de 30 M2 très agréable, design et paisible en plein coeur du quartier bouillonnant du Marais. Un environnement très ""branché"", un emplacement très recherché: Restaurants réputés, bars trendy, galeries d'art, boutiques de mode, marché des enfants rouges.  Un appartement tout en blanc!  Très calme, il se trouve sous les toits, au 5è étage (sans ascenseur). En bas, une entrée avec rangements et penderie, des WC indépendants avec lave linge. Cuisine complète (plaques à induction, four, frigidaire, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, verres , vaisselle..) ouverte sur le salon.  Le salon: 4 mètres de hauteur sous plafond, grand Velux avec vue sur les toits de Paris.  Mur en béton et murs blancs. Canapé, table basse, TV, lecteur dvd, petit burea"	"En plein coeur du Marais ""trendy"" de Paris, espace blanc, très clair. Véritable nid douillet et design il est idéal pour 2 personnes.  Dans une rue calme, à 2 pas de la rue de Bretagne, de ses galeries et commerces. Métros à proximité. Un petit duplex de 30 M2 très agréable, design et paisible en plein coeur du quartier bouillonnant du Marais. Un environnement très ""branché"", un emplacement très recherché: Restaurants réputés, bars trendy, galeries d'art, boutiques de mode, marché des enfants rouges.  Un appartement tout en blanc!  Très calme, il se trouve sous les toits, au 5è étage (sans ascenseur). En bas, une entrée avec rangements et penderie, des WC indépendants avec lave linge. Cuisine complète (plaques à induction, four, frigidaire, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, verres , vaisselle..) ouverte sur le salon.  Le salon: 4 mètres de hauteur sous plafond, grand Velux avec vue sur les toits de Paris.  Mur en béton et murs blancs. Canapé, table basse, TV, lecteur dvd, petit burea"
18032	idéalement situé, quartier du Marais en plein coeur de Paris, à proximité du Centre Georges Pompidou, du musée Picasso et de la Place des Vosges, très calme (impasse sans voiture, double vitrage), cour pavée fleurie, vue sur les toits de Paris, tout confort, lumineux (plein sud), entièrement rénové, décoration soignée, parquet, poutres apparentes, grande baignoire, lit avec matelas en latex grande qualité, tarifs dégressifs selon la durée. Le studio se compose de trois pièces une chambre, une cuisine et une salle bain. 	idéalement situé, quartier du Marais en plein coeur de Paris, à proximité du Centre Georges Pompidou, du musée Picasso et de la Place des Vosges, très calme (impasse sans voiture, double vitrage), cour pavée fleurie, vue sur les toits de Paris, tout idéalement situé, quartier du Marais en plein coeur de Paris, à proximité du Centre Georges Pompidou, du musée Picasso et de la Place des Vosges, très calme (impasse sans voiture, double vitrage), cour pavée fleurie, vue sur les toits de Paris, tout confort, lumineux (plein sud), entièrement rénové, décoration soignée, parquet, poutres apparentes, grande baignoire, lit avec matelas en latex grande qualité, tarifs dégressifs selon la durée. Le studio se compose de trois pièces une chambre, une cuisine et une salle bain. c'est un logement entier donc ils ont accès à tout, le studio se trouve au 4ème étage d'un immeuble typique, avec une cour pavée, ils peuvent en profiter en été, il y a des plantes et des arbres Je suis de nature serviable et
18033		Chambre disponible dans un T3 de 70 m2 non fumeur, Face centre George Pompidou.  Entièrement meublé composé d'une cuisine, d'un salon d'environ 25m2, de deux chambres, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et lave-linge, de WC séparés
18034		Studio situé au 7ème & dernier étage d'une résidence sécurisée (accès ascenseur) au centre de Paris.  À proximité du Marais, et à une minute de la Place de la République.  Logement très calme, vue dégagée sur cour, un nid douillet au coeur de Paris.  Cuisine équipée, deux plaques chauffantes, un frigo.
18035	Cet appartement est idéalement situé (à deux pas de Beaubourg, Cathérale Notre-Dame, l'Hôtel de Ville ou bien République) et entièrement équipé. Les deux chambres sont à l'opposées ce qui permet une grande intimité pour les voyageurs en famille ou en couple. Le salon est lumineux et spacieux et ouvert sur la cuisine.  NB : deux poissons (Kiki et Hector) seront vos animaux de compagnie durant votre séjour :) **** This apartment is in a perfect district (next to Beaubourg, to Hôtel de ville or Republique) . The two bedrooms are on the opposite side, it's really perfect for couple or family.  The living room is big and cozy and open to the kitchen. NB : two fish (Kiki and Hector) will be your pets during your trip :)	Appartement entièrement équipé, en plein cœur du Marais dans une rue calme et un quartier animé. L'appartement de 63m2 est composé de deux chambres avec lit double, ainsi qu'un salon ouvert sur cuisine. Cet appartement est idéalement situé (à deux pas de Beaubourg, Cathérale Notre-Dame, l'Hôtel de Ville ou bien République) et entièrement équipé. Les deux chambres sont à l'opposées ce qui permet une grande intimité pour les voyageurs en famille ou en couple. Le salon est lumineux et spacieux et ouvert sur la cuisine.  NB : deux poissons (Kiki et Hector) seront vos animaux de compagnie durant votre séjour :) **** This apartment is in a perfect district (next to Beaubourg, to Hôtel de ville or Republique) . The two bedrooms are on the opposite side, it's really perfect for couple or family.  The living room is big and cozy and open to the kitchen. NB : two fish (Kiki and Hector) will be your pets during your trip :) L'appartement est entièrement louable. 63m2 avec deux chambres composées 
18036		Ce charmant appartement de 47 m2 , dispose d' un chambre bien éclairé et un spacieux living. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Il est situé dans le Marais, un quartier très branché et touristique.
18037		Light and calm flat, in the very center of Paris. A pleasant main living room with an open kitchen. Bathroom fully equipped with laundry machine, hairdryer, towels. Located ideally for a touristic stay or for work, easy access to airports, train station via RER A / RER B. Lots of metro lines (phone number hidden) min walking from Notre Dame de Paris, Le Louvre, La Seine.
18038	"A mini price in the heart of Paris! 25 m2, very bright (4 windows) & quiet, double glazing, shower and toilet. Fridge, hotplates, microwave, flat screen TV and WIFI. A double bed in mezzanine and a sofa transformable in bed are available without any supplementary fee. Bedding and towels provided. 2 digicodes. 2nd floor. 3 night minimum Ideal location for walking in the heart of Paris. By public transport or on foot, here are some indication of distances: Just down: - Marais Historic Center 2 minutes walk through ""rue Vieille du Temple"", - Festive Quartier Oberkampf crossing the Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire, - The ""Rue de Bretagne"" and its merchants from the French cheese to the Italian caterer, everything is there. - The famous ""Marché des Enfants Rouges"". Public Transports: - Metro Station 8 down the street and Metro 9 at 5 minutes. - Bus 20, 65 and 91 to the 4 main stations down the street - 3 stations ""Velib"" (City bike accessible from 1,70€ per day) Less than 10 minutes: - Bast"	"Studio welcoming and cozy, located in the Marais! Can accommodate two people, centrally located in a quiet street close to Bastille and Republique. Enjoy its kitchen full equipped, its flat screen and its proximity to the subway. A mini price in the heart of Paris! 25 m2, very bright (4 windows) & quiet, double glazing, shower and toilet. Fridge, hotplates, microwave, flat screen TV and WIFI. A double bed in mezzanine and a sofa transformable in bed are available without any supplementary fee. Bedding and towels provided. 2 digicodes. 2nd floor. 3 night minimum Ideal location for walking in the heart of Paris. By public transport or on foot, here are some indication of distances: Just down: - Marais Historic Center 2 minutes walk through ""rue Vieille du Temple"", - Festive Quartier Oberkampf crossing the Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire, - The ""Rue de Bretagne"" and its merchants from the French cheese to the Italian caterer, everything is there. - The famous ""Marché des Enfants Rouges""."
18039		le logement est très bien situé, dans un quartier très bien desservi, il est idéal pour 2 personnes, bel espace de vie, clair et calme et il se situe au cœur de PARIS!
18040	"STAY IN A 55m2 apartment in the fantastic Haut-Marais / 3rd arrondissement — corner of rue de Bretagne / rue de Saintonge — you enter a private flowered courtyard and you discover a gem : a very high-ceiling (4m) apartment, typical from this historic neighborhood. A large and very confortable bed, a small kitchen, washing machine w/utility room, hi-speed Wi-Fi internet access, flat screen TV with HDMI, cable TV, DVD / Blu-Ray player, Hi-Fi. SEE AROUND An amazing place in one of the hottest Parisian location, you'll be close to everything you can imagine, a walking distance from : the lovely ""Marché des enfants Rouges"", the hip spots Candelaria and Café Charlot, Carreau du Temple with his terrasses and the soon-to-be opened Fashion week temple, the Musée Picasso and the best-renowned Parisian galleries (Yvon Lambert, Templon, Emmanuel Perrotin, etc.) and of course the all-Marais district including the Place des Vosges, rue des Rosiers, Centre Pompidou, Merci concept-store and other high"	"STAY IN A 55m2 apartment in the fantastic Haut-Marais / 3rd arrondissement — corner of rue de Bretagne / rue de Saintonge — you enter a private flowered courtyard and you discover a gem : a very high-ceiling (4m) apartment, typical from this historic neighborhood. A large and very confortable bed, a small kitchen, washing machine w/utility room, hi-speed Wi-Fi internet access, flat screen TV with HDMI, cable TV, DVD / Blu-Ray player, Hi-Fi. SEE AROUND An amazing place in one of the hottest Parisian location, you'll be close to everything you can imagine, a walking distance from : the lovely ""Marché des enfants Rouges"", the hip spots Candelaria and Café Charlot, Carreau du Temple with his terrasses and the soon-to-be opened Fashion week temple, the Musée Picasso and the best-renowned Parisian galleries (Yvon Lambert, Templon, Emmanuel Perrotin, etc.) and of course the all-Marais district including the Place des Vosges, rue des Rosiers, Centre Pompidou, Merci concept-store and other high"
18041	This apartment is located in the historic Marais, right in the heart of Paris. The location is a dream and the apartment itself was decorated with lots of love. The neighborhood is safe and very quiet. The space had been used as a boutique for many years, but was then refurbished and turned into an apartment. They kept the integrity of the old building alive but added modern touches to make it as comfortable as possible. There is one real bed that can sleep two adults and one sofa bed for one adult or two children.	This lovely apartment, in one of Paris's most historic and beautiful neighborhoods, is an ideal home away from home for your next Parisian getaway. Quiet and comfortable with a few extras, you'll feel like a local from the start. This apartment is located in the historic Marais, right in the heart of Paris. The location is a dream and the apartment itself was decorated with lots of love. The neighborhood is safe and very quiet. The space had been used as a boutique for many years, but was then refurbished and turned into an apartment. They kept the integrity of the old building alive but added modern touches to make it as comfortable as possible. There is one real bed that can sleep two adults and one sofa bed for one adult or two children. In the apartment you'll have: A kitchen equipped with fridge, stove, oven, dishwasher and microwave, as well as pots and pans, plates, cups, bowls, etc Coffeemaker, electric kettle and toaster Bedroom with TV (cable) and telephone. A bathroom with a
18042	Beautiful Parisian apartment of 60 m2 with parquet floor and fireplace, located on the 5th floor of a very well maintained Haussmannian building with elevator. The apartment has been completely renovated and has a refined decoration. It consists of an entrance, a living-room, a large bedroom with an open bathroom, a fully-equipped kitchen, a dressing room and a separate toilet. The living-room is equipped with a sofa, a coffee table, two armchairs, a dining-room table, and a flat screen television.  The bed room is equipped with a double bed (1,60m x 2m) and has an open bathroom with a washbasin, an old-style bathtub and a walk-in shower. The kitchen is equipped with a combined oven (classic and microwaves), a four-flame gas hot plate, a dishwasher and a refrigerator. A washing machine / tumble-dryer is located in the toilet. The apartment, equipped with WiFi, is oriented Northwest and benefits from an unoverlooked flowery balcony. It is located in the very center of Paris, right by th	Beautiful apartment of 60 m2 typically Parisian with parquet floor and fireplace, located on the 5th floor of a Haussmann building very well maintained. It is located in the lively Haut- Marais area and 2 steps from the Marais. Beautiful Parisian apartment of 60 m2 with parquet floor and fireplace, located on the 5th floor of a very well maintained Haussmannian building with elevator. The apartment has been completely renovated and has a refined decoration. It consists of an entrance, a living-room, a large bedroom with an open bathroom, a fully-equipped kitchen, a dressing room and a separate toilet. The living-room is equipped with a sofa, a coffee table, two armchairs, a dining-room table, and a flat screen television.  The bed room is equipped with a double bed (1,60m x 2m) and has an open bathroom with a washbasin, an old-style bathtub and a walk-in shower. The kitchen is equipped with a combined oven (classic and microwaves), a four-flame gas hot plate, a dishwasher and a refrige
18043		Magnifique appartement tous conforts avec poutres apparentes préservées au moment de sa récente rénovation. Il se situe dans une des plus belles rue du Marais calme tout en étant à proximité des commerces et lieux de sorties. 
18044	Very charming apartment for rent in Le Marais. My apartment is located on rue de Poitou, in the 3rd district of Paris, 4 minutes away from the metro station Filles du Calvaire. The district is very pretty, smart and safe, with a lot of shops, especially on rue de Bretagne. There are also many art galleries, fashion stores, restaurants and bars. It’s very central, so you can visit a lot of places at walking distance: place des Vosges, Hôtel de Ville, Notre-Dame, Bastille… The apartment is one bedroom (3rd floor without elevator) about 42 sq. meters (450 sq. feet), with all modern equipment (washing machine, oven, microwave, freezer, fridge, dish washer, high speed Internet, Wifi, TV, computer…). It can accommodate 2 people, so it will be perfect for a single person or a couple. If necessary, there is a couch bed in the living room where one more people can sleep (but in my opinion the apartment is a bit small for 3). It is very quiet as all windows are on a private courtyard (anyway, th	This 1 bedroom, very cosy and calm, is located in one of the most beautiful part of Paris, rich of architecture and history, full of fashion designers shops and art galleries. Perfect for a couple, it can host up to 4 people. Very charming apartment for rent in Le Marais. My apartment is located on rue de Poitou, in the 3rd district of Paris, 4 minutes away from the metro station Filles du Calvaire. The district is very pretty, smart and safe, with a lot of shops, especially on rue de Bretagne. There are also many art galleries, fashion stores, restaurants and bars. It’s very central, so you can visit a lot of places at walking distance: place des Vosges, Hôtel de Ville, Notre-Dame, Bastille… The apartment is one bedroom (3rd floor without elevator) about 42 sq. meters (450 sq. feet), with all modern equipment (washing machine, oven, microwave, freezer, fridge, dish washer, high speed Internet, Wifi, TV, computer…). It can accommodate 2 people, so it will be perfect for a single person
18045	Located on the 5th floor with elevator, the first level offers a living room, dining room, kitchen and toilet. And the second level offers two bedrooms with one queen sized bed and a bathroom en suite, plus a second bedroom with two single or one king sized bed and its own shower room. There is one toilet in the apartment and it's  on the first level. Barthroom and shower room ( without toilet) on the second level	"A 2 bedroom and 2 bathroom duplex in the heart of the Marais in a beautiful ""hotel particulier"" built in the 18th Century. Facing both a charming interior courtyard and the street, with views on old roof tops, in the very fashionable Marais district Located on the 5th floor with elevator, the first level offers a living room, dining room, kitchen and toilet. And the second level offers two bedrooms with one queen sized bed and a bathroom en suite, plus a second bedroom with two single or one king sized bed and its own shower room. There is one toilet in the apartment and it's  on the first level. Barthroom and shower room ( without toilet) on the second level A 2 bedroom and 2 bathroom duplex in the heart of the Marais in a beautiful ""hotel particulier"" built in the 18th Century. Facing both a charming interior courtyard and the street, with views on old roof tops, in the very fashionable Marais district The Marais is one of the most fashionable and historic addresses in Paris with tre"
18046	Charming 35sq/m appartment closed to sub/Temple, in the heart of the coolest area of Paris where bars and galleries have a great atmosphere... During Fashion weeks, the location is just in the middle of the most famous show-room and fair of Paris... You will enjoy the calm of the appartment very well situated on the 2nd floor of a typical building of the Marais... the sunny windows are directly on a charmant Cour pavée... The appartment has been completly renoved in 2012 and give you the best: very high quality sofa easily going into a 2pers bed, free wifi, clean and new bathroom, fully furnished kitchen and 500 art book in the living room... You will enjoy a stylish and arty place ... Enjoy la vie parisienne with a guest book with more than 50 places to go... This area is really the most excited place of Paris at this time...The metro is 5 mn by walk station Temple or Republique but you can really leave the appartment and just walk from here!	This charming and renovated appartment will bring you directly in the middle of the most beautiful area of Paris... bars, shops, galleries, museums and just the feeling to spend the most romantic time of your life... :) Charming 35sq/m appartment closed to sub/Temple, in the heart of the coolest area of Paris where bars and galleries have a great atmosphere... During Fashion weeks, the location is just in the middle of the most famous show-room and fair of Paris... You will enjoy the calm of the appartment very well situated on the 2nd floor of a typical building of the Marais... the sunny windows are directly on a charmant Cour pavée... The appartment has been completly renoved in 2012 and give you the best: very high quality sofa easily going into a 2pers bed, free wifi, clean and new bathroom, fully furnished kitchen and 500 art book in the living room... You will enjoy a stylish and arty place ... Enjoy la vie parisienne with a guest book with more than 50 places to go... This area
18047	Enjoy the Museum des Arts et Métiers, the theater Gaîté Lyrique and Renaissance, the Saint-Martin and Saint-Denis Gates close to. Or the Forum des Halles, the Georges Pompidou center, the montorgueil walking street, the Musée Grévin at less than 15 minutes on foot.	Very nice apartment in the heart of Paris. Enjoy the Museum des Arts et Métiers, the theater Gaîté Lyrique and Renaissance, the Saint-Martin and Saint-Denis Gates close to. Or the Forum des Halles, the Georges Pompidou center, the montorgueil walking street, the Musée Grévin at less than 15 minutes on foot. The apartment has three floors. A total area of 88m ² distributed equivalently on each floor. Each floor has its own atmosphere:      - Modern entrance / kitchen      - Charming dining room / media room      - Relaxing Room / Room / Bathroom. The apartment is fully equipped and you could find two flat screen TVs, two Freebox players with a DVD / Blu-ray, a computer, wireless internet and conventional equipment washing machine, oven, microwave and refrigerator. The Guest Trotter team (Mathilde et Nicolas) can answer to your questions. Don't hesitate to contact Jean-Yves and David if you wish. We are living from 3 metro stations if you need we come. All Paris quarters are very easily 
18048		Beautiful flat of 40 m^2 in the heart of Paris. 1 bedroom with a double bed, 1 living room with a convertible sofa for 2 people, a kitchen opened on the living area throught an american bar, a bathroom with bath, 1 WC. The owner is an artist. Hours of check in / check out can be discussed The flat is located in the Marais, in the artistic center of paris. There is a lot of shops and galeries around. The flat is located in the center of paris so you can travel easily by metro in every part of the town !
18049		En plein coeur du marais, appartement de 39 m², à 500 m du Centre Pompidou. Rue avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Accès facile à tout Paris : Ligne 3 et 11, Station Arts et Métiers. Appartement dans un immeuble calme au 3e étage.
18050	Au pied de Châtelet les Halles station de metro/RER (Eurodisney , Versailles ...) Bus toutes directions  Métros: Rambuteau (2minutes), Hotel de ville (4minutes), Châtelet (4minutes)  	Charmant studio tout confort situé au coeur de Paris face au centre Georges Pompidou  ,à deux pas du Louvre de Notre dame et du marais,sur cour calme au 3 étage  Couchage canape lit convertible ou couchage lit en mezzanine Au pied de Châtelet les Halles station de metro/RER (Eurodisney , Versailles ...) Bus toutes directions  Métros: Rambuteau (2minutes), Hotel de ville (4minutes), Châtelet (4minutes)   Au calme en plein centre anime et historique de Paris! Oui , avec grand plaisir , je vous informe et vous guide sur les transports, les visites touristiques, les bonnes adresses (restaurants,bars, marches,supermarchés,shopping,balades parisiennes,....) vous aide pour reserver un taxi ... ou tout demande de votre part.Afin que votre séjour se déroule au mieux et reste qu un tres bon moment vecu et le plus agréable possible a Paris . L ambiance!!!! Au pied de Châtelet les Halles station de metro/RER (Eurodisney , Versailles ...) Bus toutes directions  Metros: Rambuteau,Châtelet,hotel de v
18051	Frente al Parque Buttes Chaumont	Pequeña chambre compartida de 10m2 super pintoresco.Ofrezco un canapé capacidad para 2 huéspedes,pequeña cocina y minifrigo a disposición. Se encuentra frente al Parc Butte Chaumont,bus 75 en puerta y metro a 5min.Cartier muy tranquilo y céntrico. Frente al Parque Buttes Chaumont Cocina,minifrigo,toilette,duche y wifi Aconsejo no traer maletas muy grandes y voluminosos porque hay un espacio bastante pequeño.Yo duermo en la litera de arriba,pero casi no frecuento en la habitación. De todas formas es importante que sepan y aclarar que no es una habitación independiente,pero tiene lo que usted necesita para su estadía. Ofrezco desayuno (entre 3 y 5 € adicional por persona) y cena (comida casera preparada por mi madre)( entre 8 y 10€ adicional por persona) Este cartier está perfecto porque se encuentra frente al Parque Buttes Chaumont(uno de los más visitados y frecuentados en Paris y con un paisaje increíble para las personas que aman la naturaleza)Está al Norte de París,a minutos del Mon
18052	Artlovers will appreciate... Duplex (top floor under the roof, with view on the roofs of the neighbourhood) with many books, guides, videos, etc... Very peaceful atmosphere. With very discrete neighbours. My flat is located in a 17th century building. In the heart of the trendy Marais, close to galleries, shops, museums and to the Canal St Martin. As for the space: You will find a kitchen with table and two chairs (oven, induction, fridge, washing machine, ...) on the first level - that is to say the 5th floor of the building. On the second level (covering the whole lenght of the building), an open space is divided between bedroom and working area on one side, living-room with coach, tv and bathroom (tub) on the other side. Extra-bed or the third person.	Duplex with kitchen at 1st level and bedroom, living-room and bathroom at 2d level. My flat is particularly quiet and well located.  In the heart of the upper Marais, close to République and Place des Vosges. Artlovers will appreciate... Duplex (top floor under the roof, with view on the roofs of the neighbourhood) with many books, guides, videos, etc... Very peaceful atmosphere. With very discrete neighbours. My flat is located in a 17th century building. In the heart of the trendy Marais, close to galleries, shops, museums and to the Canal St Martin. As for the space: You will find a kitchen with table and two chairs (oven, induction, fridge, washing machine, ...) on the first level - that is to say the 5th floor of the building. On the second level (covering the whole lenght of the building), an open space is divided between bedroom and working area on one side, living-room with coach, tv and bathroom (tub) on the other side. Extra-bed or the third person. Close to République, Fille
18053	Très bien situé, vue sur les toits de Paris. 	Charming studio of 30m², very well situated: 7min walking from the Centre Georges Pompidou, 10min from Hôtel de Ville. 5th floor without elevator. Very quiet and sunny. View on the roofs of Paris. 1 bed for 2, 1 sofa, shower and kitchen separated.
18054	 ARRIVAL : From 1PM DEPARTURE : Before 11AM When your reservation is confirmed, you will receive an automatic mail from Airbnb with all the instructions for your arrival (codes to enter the building, floor, how to get the keys...) I'm not there for the arrival and departure unless you have a problem. It is a small room so people never stay too long, around 2 or 3 days max, and it is always full. I can't answer the phone everyday to give you again the codes that you forget to write down or take a coffee with you, I work a lot and it will be too much time for me. But I'm there if you need anything important of course ! WHEN YOUR RESERVATION WILL BE CONFIRMED YOU WILL RECEIVE A MAIL WITH ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR YOUR ARRIVAL, READ IT CAREFULLY ! YOU DON'T NEED ME TO BE THERE THE DAY OF YOUR ARRIVAL, YOU MANAGE ON YOUR OWN TO ACCESS TO THE FLAT WITH THE MAIL THAT YOU RECEIVED. During the week-end it can be a bit noisy in summer because people live window open and there are young in majorit	Like a studio without a kitchen. It is small but very clean and in the center of Paris, in one of the best district. Ideal for short stay, 1-2 or 3 nights or for very little budget ! ARRIVAL : From 1PM DEPARTURE : Before 11AM When your reservation is confirmed, you will receive an automatic mail from Airbnb with all the instructions for your arrival (codes to enter the building, floor, how to get the keys...) I'm not there for the arrival and departure unless you have a problem. It is a small room so people never stay too long, around 2 or 3 days max, and it is always full. I can't answer the phone everyday to give you again the codes that you forget to write down or take a coffee with you, I work a lot and it will be too much time for me. But I'm there if you need anything important of course ! WHEN YOUR RESERVATION WILL BE CONFIRMED YOU WILL RECEIVE A MAIL WITH ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR YOUR ARRIVAL, READ IT CAREFULLY ! YOU DON'T NEED ME TO BE THERE THE DAY OF YOUR ARRIVAL, YOU MANAGE
18055	The very unique contemporary decor based on blue touches perfectly complements the cosy atmosphere of this furnished apartment which can comfortably accommodate up to four persons. It is located in a quiet and beautiful private residential passage right in the heart of the city. Very well-lit, the living room space is unbelievably comfortable; you can relax in a superb dark grey couch which is also a very high quality double bed. The apartment also has a flat-screen TV with international channels, a DVD player and a high speed internet connection.  At night, a sliding door fully separates the living room from the bedroom equipped with a king size double bed. A contemporary, all-tile bathroom contains a large shower and a basin. The kitchen is fully-equipped; you to prepare and serve your meals like at home and enjoy dinners on a large and welcoming table.  The comfort and quality of this furnished apartment make it a rarity, ideally located and only steps from the vibrant Marais neighb	Charming and spacious one bedroom furnished apartment, with a long balcony, ideally situated in a quaint private passage right in the heart of Paris and the Marais neighbourhood. The very unique contemporary decor based on blue touches perfectly complements the cosy atmosphere of this furnished apartment which can comfortably accommodate up to four persons. It is located in a quiet and beautiful private residential passage right in the heart of the city. Very well-lit, the living room space is unbelievably comfortable; you can relax in a superb dark grey couch which is also a very high quality double bed. The apartment also has a flat-screen TV with international channels, a DVD player and a high speed internet connection.  At night, a sliding door fully separates the living room from the bedroom equipped with a king size double bed. A contemporary, all-tile bathroom contains a large shower and a basin. The kitchen is fully-equipped; you to prepare and serve your meals like at home and
18056	Studio calme et ensoleillé de 15m2 tout confort inclus situé dans le haut marais en plein centre de Paris. L'appartement est situé sur un boulevard commercant très chic et à mi-chemin entre la Bastille et la place de la République. Accès Tour Eiffel : 38 min en métro Accès Champs Elysées : 29 min Accès Montmartre / Sacré coeur : 30 min en métro	Studio calme et ensoleillé de 15m2 tout confort inclus, situé dans le haut marais en plein centre de Paris. L'appartement est situé sur un boulevard commerçant très chic et à mi-chemin entre la Bastille et la place de la République. Studio calme et ensoleillé de 15m2 tout confort inclus situé dans le haut marais en plein centre de Paris. L'appartement est situé sur un boulevard commercant très chic et à mi-chemin entre la Bastille et la place de la République. Accès Tour Eiffel : 38 min en métro Accès Champs Elysées : 29 min Accès Montmartre / Sacré coeur : 30 min en métro Dans l'appartement vous disposerez d'un accès Wifi, les codes d'accès vous seront indiqués sur place. Des produits de toilettes, draps et serviettes propres seront à disposition. Tous les ustensiles de cuisine seront également à votre disposition. La remise des clés se fait par moi à votre arrivée. Lors de votre départ, je serais également présente pour l'état des lieux dans la mesure du possible, ou bien une autre p
18057	"Welcome in the very centre of ""Le Marais"", a historic and central district of Paris. My flat is located in Rue de Bretagne, a very pleasant street with many trendy bars, restaurants, and shops. I'm offering a very nice two-room apartment with its own inner courtyard ! You'll have the opportunity to rest or have a drink or dinner there, in the middle of a luxuriant vegetation :) My apartment is 30m2 (330 square feet) and has been freshly renovated (Summer 2011). There is a large living room with an open and fully-equipped kitchen (oven, microwave oven, washing machine), a double-bed bedroom and a bathroom with a shower. All the rooms of my flat have a sight on the courtyard ! Free access to Wifi and TV. In less than 10 minutes by foot, you'll find : - Le Marché des Enfants Rouges, the oldest market of Paris, where you can have lunch, brunch or whatever you like :) - The Place des Vosges - Beaubourg-Centre Georges Pompidou - The Place de la Bastille - Notre-Dame de Paris - The Place de l"	"Welcome in the very centre of ""Le Marais"", a historic and central district of Paris. My flat is located in Rue de Bretagne, a very pleasant street with many trendy bars, restaurants, and shops. Welcome in the very centre of ""Le Marais"", a historic and central district of Paris. My flat is located in Rue de Bretagne, a very pleasant street with many trendy bars, restaurants, and shops. I'm offering a very nice two-room apartment with its own inner courtyard ! You'll have the opportunity to rest or have a drink or dinner there, in the middle of a luxuriant vegetation :) My apartment is 30m2 (330 square feet) and has been freshly renovated (Summer 2011). There is a large living room with an open and fully-equipped kitchen (oven, microwave oven, washing machine), a double-bed bedroom and a bathroom with a shower. All the rooms of my flat have a sight on the courtyard ! Free access to Wifi and TV. In less than 10 minutes by foot, you'll find : - Le Marché des Enfants Rouges, the oldest mark"
18058	"This charming 538 square feet apartment, in a 18th century building , is located in le Marais, a historical area in the center of Paris, rue du perche (3rd arrondissement).  One bedroom, one bathroom (shower), living room and kitchen.  Sober and elegant design with exposed wooden beams. The apartment is at the second floor (which correspond to ""étage 1"" in french).  Quiet, with double-glazed windows, and luminous.  3 subway stations around (Rambuteau, Arts et Métiers, Filles du Calvaire),  lots of nice restaurants.  The apartment is located on a quiet street, and is very close to some of the most watched art galleries in Paris and other noteworthy destinations, such as the Musée Picasso, the Musée Carnavalet, the Place des Vosges, the Centre Pompidou... Charming cafés, shops, markets and restaurants.  The apartment has a bedroom with 1 double-bed and a living room with sofa bed, big wooden table, with 6 chairs, art works on the walls, books, and a fire place (not in use, though!). TV +"	"SPECIAL PRICE FOR AUGUST 2015 : 100 EUROS/NIGHT  Beautiful apartment, 50 sq.meters (538 sq.feet), city center, quiet, cosy, the perfect base to explore Paris! This charming 538 square feet apartment, in a 18th century building , is located in le Marais, a historical area in the center of Paris, rue du perche (3rd arrondissement).  One bedroom, one bathroom (shower), living room and kitchen.  Sober and elegant design with exposed wooden beams. The apartment is at the second floor (which correspond to ""étage 1"" in french).  Quiet, with double-glazed windows, and luminous.  3 subway stations around (Rambuteau, Arts et Métiers, Filles du Calvaire),  lots of nice restaurants.  The apartment is located on a quiet street, and is very close to some of the most watched art galleries in Paris and other noteworthy destinations, such as the Musée Picasso, the Musée Carnavalet, the Place des Vosges, the Centre Pompidou... Charming cafés, shops, markets and restaurants.  The apartment has a bedroom "
18059	The studio is cosy and comfy. You will feel you travel back in the 18th century with its original wooden beams! But all the equipment is modern and brand new... The bathroom is large. I selected nice tiles from Marocco, Spain and even Vietnam (look for the fish!!;-)  It is perfect for a couple who want to spend romantic time in Paris	Studio appartment 21m2 located in the heart of Paris 4th floor (courtyard). Close to metro station (150 yards). 18th century building with original features, well maintained, clean and quiet. Small balcony, wooden beamns, parquet flooring, bright. All equipped: sofa bed (high quality), TV, internet, cable, telephone, small HIFI. Kitchen: washing-machine, coffee-maker, toaster, kettle, cooking stove,  micro wave oven, fridge with freezer, cutlery. Bathroom with large shower, hair dryer, iron and ironboard. Cupboard and bedlinen... The appartment was just beeing done renovated, be the first ones to enjoy it! ;-) The studio is cosy and comfy. You will feel you travel back in the 18th century with its original wooden beams! But all the equipment is modern and brand new... The bathroom is large. I selected nice tiles from Marocco, Spain and even Vietnam (look for the fish!!;-)  It is perfect for a couple who want to spend romantic time in Paris The studio was done redecorated. For the momen
18060		Located in the heart of Paris, this cosy two rooms apartment will be the perfect place for your stay.  It´s in the 4 floor (beautifull view on Paris roofs) of a former building in a quiet street. All equiped and very close to subway line 3, 11, 4.
18061	Ideally located in the northern side of the  historical  Marais district, this exceptional apartment is located in Rue du Temple in the 3rd arrondissement, meters  away from the TEMPLE metro stop. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms apartment ( one wc) is presented to a very high standard, with 24hour concierge. Maid and baby sitting services are also available, upon request. Retaining the original fireplaces and parquetry floors, this spacious apartment oozes French charm and (website hidden) has been renovated in 2010 and decorated by a renown  international designer. This light and bright apartment is on the 4th  floor with elevator  and  boasts stunning views over the St.Elisabeth church, built by Marie De Medicis in 1628. The house was built   in 1860 , the  ceilings  are 3.20mt high with moulded stone details ,marble fire place, wooden floorboards. Few step away there is a boulangerie  ( bakery shop) and  a fully serviced  big grocery store ( monoprix)open until 10PM), very  convenient f	Ideal for 4 people . upon request it can host  to a maximun of 6 guests Ideally located in the northern side of the  historical  Marais district, this exceptional apartment is located in Rue du Temple in the 3rd arrondissement, meters  away from the TEMPLE metro stop. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms apartment ( one wc) is presented to a very high standard, with 24hour concierge. Maid and baby sitting services are also available, upon request. Retaining the original fireplaces and parquetry floors, this spacious apartment oozes French charm and (website hidden) has been renovated in 2010 and decorated by a renown  international designer. This light and bright apartment is on the 4th  floor with elevator  and  boasts stunning views over the St.Elisabeth church, built by Marie De Medicis in 1628. The house was built   in 1860 , the  ceilings  are 3.20mt high with moulded stone details ,marble fire place, wooden floorboards. Few step away there is a boulangerie  ( bakery shop) and  a fully ser
18062	The charming living room and bedroom are filled with natural light, with original wooden floor, high ceilings and large bookcases. The kitchen is new, fully equipped, with a table for two people. Bathroom is equipped with a shower and sink, and toilets are in a separate room. 	Beautiful flat in the center of Paris, in the Montorgueil area
18063	L'appartement de 60m² aux lignes épurées et à la décoration minimaliste se situe dans un immeuble, anciennement hôtel particuliers, du 3ème arrondissement de Paris, en plein cœur du quartier le plus branché de la Capitale: Le Marais. Un lieu exceptionnellement beau et paisible situé dans une grande cour intérieure pavée. Le mobilier intérieur et la décoration au design moderne et élégant apportent une touche tendance à l'appartement. Une vraie bouffée d'oxygène! L'Art est à l'honneur dans cet appartement puisque deux Artistes parisiens, peintre et sculptures, ont carte blanche pour mettre en scène leurs œuvres. L'idée étant d'offrir aux voyageurs une ambiance artistique durant leurs séjours.  Tarif découverte jusque fin avril 2015.	Airport RCG. Bus connecting Paris-Opéra with Charles de Gaulle airport: Air-conditioned bus service between Paris(Opéra) and Charles De Gaulles airport(serving all terminals). Travel time: 75mn Where: 11 rue scribe 75009 Paris Dir. RCG: 5h15 to 00h30 Dir. Paris: 6h00 to 00h30 Frequency: 15-20mn Ticket: €11 Save time by purchasing your ticket in advance at all stations and automatic ticket machines.
18064	A fabulous brand new apartment located in the heart of the Marais, near rue Bretagne and marché des Enfants Rouge; it is located on the 5th floor of building with elevator with a great view onto the roofs of Paris. It can accomodate 4 persons + 1 children. It is a completely newly renovated, very bright. There is a bedroom with a new confortable double bed, a living room with a very confortable double sofa bed and a single sofa bed. the kitchen is fully equipped, you will enjoy wifi connection and cables TV. the bathroom has a brand new shower and toilets are separated. You will find many food shops, supermarkets and restaurants, rue de Bretagne, two steps from the apartment.	A fabulous brand new apartment located in the heart of the Marais, near rue Bretagne and marché des Enfants Rouge; it is located on the 5th floor of building with elevator with a great view onto the roofs of Paris. It can accomodate 4 persons + 1 children. It is a completely newly renovated, very bright. There is a bedroom with a new confortable double bed, a living room with a very confortable double sofa bed and a single sofa bed. the kitchen is fully equipped, you will enjoy wifi connection and cables TV. the bathroom has a brand new shower and toilets are separated. You will find many food shops, supermarkets and restaurants, rue de Bretagne, two steps from the apartment. At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat and pay 50€ for sheets and towels. If you check in on sunday, holidays or after 8PM, you will have to pay an additional fee of 50€ for your welcoming in the apartment. There is no arrival after 11pm at the apartment.
18065		Studio avec capacité d'hébergement de 2 personnes Caractéristique:  Kitchenette - salle de bain avec benoire - TV - WiFi - chauffage - système d'aération - fumeur accepté.   Localisation et accessibilité  Métro: République - Station de bus - taxi - vélib  Pour plus d'information ou des photos, me contacter directement.  Au plaisir de vous accueillir
18066	"Hello, I'm very happy to propose you my appartment.  This is a very charming, romantic and calm flat in the heart of Paris, in the heart of the famous ""Le Marais"". It's one bedroom 35m2 on 4th floor with elevator, ideal for a couple or a single person (but the sofa can also be a bed). There's a one room, with a wooden mezzanine. The kitchen is separeted (with all facilites). The bathroom has a bathtub. Toilets are separeted. Plasma, DVD, Internet connection are included. Linens and towels are furnished. The apartment is situated in the Marais,walking distance from the sublime place des Vosges. In the very heart of historical Paris, there are numerous museums and cultural institutions within five minutes walk: Musee Picasso, Musee Cognac-Jay, Musee Carnavalet, Maison de Victor-Hugo, Hotel de Sully, Archives Nationales, Biblitheque Historique de Paris. In this cosmopolitan, formerly aristocratic area there are numerous Hotels particuliers (city mansions), art galleries, the antique marke"	"Hello, I'm very happy to propose you my appartment.  This is a very charming, romantic and calm flat in the heart of Paris, in the heart of the famous ""Le Marais"". It's one bedroom 35m2 on 4th floor with elevator, ideal for a couple or a single person (but the sofa can also be a bed). There's a one room, with a wooden mezzanine. The kitchen is separeted (with all facilites). The bathroom has a bathtub. Toilets are separeted. Plasma, DVD, Internet connection are included. Linens and towels are furnished. The apartment is situated in the Marais,walking distance from the sublime place des Vosges. In the very heart of historical Paris, there are numerous museums and cultural institutions within five minutes walk: Musee Picasso, Musee Cognac-Jay, Musee Carnavalet, Maison de Victor-Hugo, Hotel de Sully, Archives Nationales, Biblitheque Historique de Paris. In this cosmopolitan, formerly aristocratic area there are numerous Hotels particuliers (city mansions), art galleries, the antique marke"
18067	This is a typical Parisian apartment in the heart of Paris   The apartment is very bright and was recently fully renovated.  It is located near pleasant districts of Marais, République and Canal Saint Martin with many good shops and restaurants.   Because of its central location, you’re close to lots of typical Parisian places :   -              Le Canal Saint-Martin : 5 minutes walking distance  -              République : 5 minutes walking distance -              Le Marais/Centre Pompidou: 15 minutes walking distance  -              Tour Eiffel: 25 minutes (with metro) -              Le Louvre: 15 minutes (with metro)  -              And many more!   Apartment description :  The apartment is on the 3th floor (no lift). There is a living room, a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay. Internet access is provided (wifi).   Kitchen: dishwasher, fridge/freezer, cooking plates,  toaster, tea, coff	This is a typical Parisian apartment in the heart of Paris   The apartment is very bright and was recently fully renovated.  It is located near pleasant districts of Marais, République and Canal Saint Martin with many good shops and restaurants.   Because of its central location, you’re close to lots of typical Parisian places :   -              Le Canal Saint-Martin : 5 minutes walking distance  -              République : 5 minutes walking distance -              Le Marais/Centre Pompidou: 15 minutes walking distance  -              Tour Eiffel: 25 minutes (with metro) -              Le Louvre: 15 minutes (with metro)  -              And many more!   Apartment description :  The apartment is on the 3th floor (no lift). There is a living room, a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay. Internet access is provided (wifi).   Kitchen: dishwasher, fridge/freezer, cooking plates,  toaster, tea, coff
18068	Charmant grand studio de 32 m², dans un immeuble bourgeois à Beaubourg, au coeur du centre historique de Paris. A 10 minutes à pieds de Notre Dame, Hôtel de Ville et Châtelet. 	Charmant grand studio de 32 m², dans un immeuble bourgeois à Beaubourg, au coeur du centre historique de Paris. A 10 minutes à pieds de Notre Dame, Hôtel de Ville et Châtelet. 
18069	This apartement is located in the center the town ( the 3rd arrondissement) just three streets away from the George Pompidou Center and also close to the River Seine, Notre Dame and numerous other monuments.  The metro is very very close! This is a Marais location  It is a duplex (perfect for a couple or group of friends travelling) with a mezzanie bedroom as well as convertable couch bed on first level, nice-sized bath and a lovely terrace with a pleasant view of a typical Parisian street.  There is a television, wifi internet access and a small kitchen for cooking simple meals. The kitchen is equipped with one a high quality, induction-heating hot plate, a new oven for baking and rotisserie style cooking, a small dorm-size refrigerator (It’s Paris), a freezer, a toaster, and a coffee machine.  There is also a table for eating that seats two people but converts into a table for 4 or 5 people (website hidden) mentioned, the terrace is a great place to have your breakfast and lunch and 	This apartement is located in the center the town ( the 3rd arrondissement) just three streets away from the George Pompidou Center and also close to the River Seine, Notre Dame and numerous other monuments.  The metro is very very close! This is a Marais location  It is a duplex (perfect for a couple or group of friends travelling) with a mezzanie bedroom as well as convertable couch bed on first level, nice-sized bath and a lovely terrace with a pleasant view of a typical Parisian street.  There is a television, wifi internet access and a small kitchen for cooking simple meals. The kitchen is equipped with one a high quality, induction-heating hot plate, a new oven for baking and rotisserie style cooking, a small dorm-size refrigerator (It’s Paris), a freezer, a toaster, and a coffee machine.  There is also a table for eating that seats two people but converts into a table for 4 or 5 people (website hidden) mentioned, the terrace is a great place to have your breakfast and lunch and 
18070	Nous vous proposons notre appartement pour votre séjour à Paris. Situé dans la rue des vertus, dans le haut du marais, à 2 minutes du métro Arts et Métiers. L'appartement se compose : -rez de chaussée : grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine américaine toute équipée (frigidaire, congélateur, four, plaques, machines Nespresso...), salon (canapé 3 places, grande banquette, fauteuils...). Au rez de chaussée se trouve également la terrasse, petit coin de verdure en plein coeur de Paris ! transats, banquettes, un bar, et un point d'eau pour vous rafraichir... -A l'étage : 2 chambres dont une grande (avec lit double), l'autre est la chambre de notre bébé (possibilité de mettre un lit simple). Salle de bain avec douche et toilette. -Sous-sol : 1 chambre avec 2 lits superposés, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et toilette. Notre maison est notre habitation principale, c'est donc un lieu de vie. Nous laissons la maison dans son jus, vous avez donc accès à tout. Ce n'est pas un hôtel avec les placards 	Nous vous proposons notre appartement pour votre séjour à Paris. Situé dans la rue des vertus, dans le haut du marais, à 2 minutes du métro Arts et Métiers. L'appartement se compose : -rez de chaussée : grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine américaine toute équipée (frigidaire, congélateur, four, plaques, machines Nespresso...), salon (canapé 3 places, grande banquette, fauteuils...). Au rez de chaussée se trouve également la terrasse, petit coin de verdure en plein coeur de Paris ! transats, banquettes, un bar, et un point d'eau pour vous rafraichir... -A l'étage : 2 chambres dont une grande (avec lit double), l'autre est la chambre de notre bébé (possibilité de mettre un lit simple). Salle de bain avec douche et toilette. -Sous-sol : 1 chambre avec 2 lits superposés, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et toilette. Notre maison est notre habitation principale, c'est donc un lieu de vie. Nous laissons la maison dans son jus, vous avez donc accès à tout. Ce n'est pas un hôtel avec les placards 
18071	AMENITIES: -Charming apartment with traditional Parisian features -Centrally located – close to the Marais, The Louvre Museum, Notre Dame -Washer/dryer and hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Metro : Arts et Métiers (Lines 11 and 3) This 60sqm apartment is located on the first floor of a charming Parisian residential building. This apartment has beautiful Parisian architecture blended with modern stylish fixtures. Beautiful exposed stone and high-beamed ceilings really offer you the true Parisian apartment experience. On entering, you are greeted by a spacious hallway with plenty of storage space. Just off the hall you have the master bedroom with a large double bed that is towards the rear of the property away from the street ensuring a peaceful nights sleep. The master bedroom also benefits from a spacious walk in closet so that during your stay you can truly settle in, put that suitcase away for a while and make yourself at home! The bathroom has a spaciou	3rd Arrondissement Le Marais Apartment 1 Living Room with Sofa-bed, 1 Kitchen, 1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, Sleeps 4 AMENITIES: -Charming apartment with traditional Parisian features -Centrally located – close to the Marais, The Louvre Museum, Notre Dame -Washer/dryer and hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Metro : Arts et Métiers (Lines 11 and 3) This 60sqm apartment is located on the first floor of a charming Parisian residential building. This apartment has beautiful Parisian architecture blended with modern stylish fixtures. Beautiful exposed stone and high-beamed ceilings really offer you the true Parisian apartment experience. On entering, you are greeted by a spacious hallway with plenty of storage space. Just off the hall you have the master bedroom with a large double bed that is towards the rear of the property away from the street ensuring a peaceful nights sleep. The master bedroom also benefits from a spacious walk in closet so that during your stay yo
18072	Cet appartement se trouve en plein cœur de la capitale, dans le célèbre quartier du Marais, très lumineux, il vous séduira par son bel agencement et sa décoration soignée. Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, cette location de vacances se compose d’une chambre confortable, une salle de bain avec un lave linge, un séjour calme, et une cuisine totalement équipée. Dans le salon il y a une Tv Lcd et un lecteur DVD. Idéalement situé et très confortable, vous profiterez au mieux de votre séjour à Paris dans cet appartement.a     Le vieux Paris : Quartier du Marais Situé en plein cœur du Marais, dans le 3ème arrondissement de Paris, vous êtes à proximité de l'hôtel de Ville de Paris, de Beaubourg, et de la fameuse rue de Rivoli qui vous conduira jusqu'au Louvre. Ce quartier est l’un des plus vieux et des plus célèbres de Paris. Vous pouvez y admirer de nombreux hôtels particuliers du XVIIème siècle, autrefois occupés par la Noblesse. Aujourd'hui, ses rues animées, ses restaurants et bars branchés lu	Cet appartement se trouve en plein cœur de la capitale, dans le célèbre quartier du Marais, très lumineux, il vous séduira par son bel agencement et sa décoration soignée. Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, cette location de vacances se compose d’une chambre confortable, une salle de bain avec un lave linge, un séjour calme, et une cuisine totalement équipée. Dans le salon il y a une Tv Lcd et un lecteur DVD. Idéalement situé et très confortable, vous profiterez au mieux de votre séjour à Paris dans cet appartement.a     Le vieux Paris : Quartier du Marais Situé en plein cœur du Marais, dans le 3ème arrondissement de Paris, vous êtes à proximité de l'hôtel de Ville de Paris, de Beaubourg, et de la fameuse rue de Rivoli qui vous conduira jusqu'au Louvre. Ce quartier est l’un des plus vieux et des plus célèbres de Paris. Vous pouvez y admirer de nombreux hôtels particuliers du XVIIème siècle, autrefois occupés par la Noblesse. Aujourd'hui, ses rues animées, ses restaurants et bars branchés lu
18073	"Charming and cosy appartment in the heart of Paris (3rd arr). It is situated in a little and quiet street in the middle of ""Le marais"", one of the most attractive area of Paris.  The apartment is located in front of ""la rue de Bretagne"" with its famous market : ""le marché des enfants rouges"". The oldest market in Paris open 6 days a week. Very french, you can buy fresh food and eat in its terracce. Nice clothes boutiques, cool cafes, restaurants, and bars close by.  Lots of touristic spots are walking distance as Le centre Georges Pompidou, Notre-Dame, Place des Vosges, Hôtel de ville, Bastille, Canal Saint-Martin.  Very well connected to public transport: The metro station ""Republique"" with 5 metro lines is 5 min walking. The stations ""Temple"" and ""Arts et Métiers"" are 3 min walking. 2 supermarkets 3 min away.  -23m2: small but cute! ideal for one person, a couple or two friends; 6th floor. NO ELEVATOR -Very cute and cosy place -Clean and quiet -WIFI, TV, Phone to national and some in"	"Small but very charming studio, with a view of the roofs of Paris. A little comfortable nest at the heart of the most trendy neighborhood of the city. Charming and cosy appartment in the heart of Paris (3rd arr). It is situated in a little and quiet street in the middle of ""Le marais"", one of the most attractive area of Paris.  The apartment is located in front of ""la rue de Bretagne"" with its famous market : ""le marché des enfants rouges"". The oldest market in Paris open 6 days a week. Very french, you can buy fresh food and eat in its terracce. Nice clothes boutiques, cool cafes, restaurants, and bars close by.  Lots of touristic spots are walking distance as Le centre Georges Pompidou, Notre-Dame, Place des Vosges, Hôtel de ville, Bastille, Canal Saint-Martin.  Very well connected to public transport: The metro station ""Republique"" with 5 metro lines is 5 min walking. The stations ""Temple"" and ""Arts et Métiers"" are 3 min walking. 2 supermarkets 3 min away.  -23m2: small but cute! id"
18074	Perfectly located in the center of Paris 75003 ! It is on the 3rd and first floor,  The building as the street are very quiet, and the neighbors are friendly. so it is calm,safe,easy area. My apartment is available, The place is spacious 1 sofa bed in the living rooms , apartment located in the Marais, Arts et Metiers subway station. 2 people can sleep in the room ,The apartment is also inculd kitchen and a bathroom	Downtown Paris 75003, 2 min to metro. 15 min walk to Hotel de ville - The most famous arts Centre Pompidou. Around full of Restaurant.   Full Appartment (spical request )    Perfectly located in the center of Paris 75003 ! It is on the 3rd and first floor,  The building as the street are very quiet, and the neighbors are friendly. so it is calm,safe,easy area. My apartment is available, The place is spacious 1 sofa bed in the living rooms , apartment located in the Marais, Arts et Metiers subway station. 2 people can sleep in the room ,The apartment is also inculd kitchen and a bathroom WILL FREE, If you need help i will come up Very easy can get Food, nice aera 2 min to metro 
18075	Newly refurbished appartment in the heart of historic Paris, in the famous neighborhood 'Le marais'. This big apartment is typical Parisian, on the 2nd floor of a nice building. It has been recently refurbished. Bathrooms and kitchen are modern and the other parts of the appartment has the Parisian 'charme' with wooden floor and moldings on the ceilings.  You will find 3 bedrooms including a parental suite with a private bathroom and a guest bathroom. Two bedrooms are very spacious and the other one is smaller. 2 queen sized bed and a single bed. You will also find a spacious and fully equipped kitchen and a sunny and welcoming living room.  Internet wifi connection, cable TV, washing machine and dryer. Towels, linen, shampoo and shower gel are provided. The apartment is perfectly located to visit: Le marais Centre Pompidou 7 min. walking Hotel de Ville (town Hall) 15 min walking Canal Saint Martin 7 min. walking Etienne Marcel - 10 min walking Notre Dame - 20min walking The river Sein	Newly refurbished appartment in the heart of historic Paris, in the famous neighborhood 'Le marais'. This big apartment is typical Parisian, on the 2nd floor of a nice building. It has been recently refurbished. Bathrooms and kitchen are modern and the other parts of the appartment has the Parisian 'charme' with wooden floor and moldings on the ceilings.  You will find 3 bedrooms including a parental suite with a private bathroom and a guest bathroom. Two bedrooms are very spacious and the other one is smaller. 2 queen sized bed and a single bed. You will also find a spacious and fully equipped kitchen and a sunny and welcoming living room.  Internet wifi connection, cable TV, washing machine and dryer. Towels, linen, shampoo and shower gel are provided. The apartment is perfectly located to visit: Le marais Centre Pompidou 7 min. walking Hotel de Ville (town Hall) 15 min walking Canal Saint Martin 7 min. walking Etienne Marcel - 10 min walking Notre Dame - 20min walking The river Sein
18076	"Nice three room apartment available fully furnished (linen, bath towel, wifi, kitchen, washing machine). The apartment is located rue Chapon (1st floor) in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris 5 minutes walk from Centre Georges Pompidou, and three rooms, two separate bedroom plus bathroom and separate toilet. The appartment is perfectly located in the center of Paris at a walking distance to the well known ""Grand Magasin"" (printemps, lafayette), the Marais, Beaubourg Museum or the ""Canal St Martin"". It's also very close to the metro lines 1, 3, 4,11, and also 10 min walk from chatelet with metro 7, 14 and RER A and B. and metro Republique with metro 5, 8 and 9. The flat is very calm, quiet and cosy and the neighbourhood is very typical (not a lot of tourist), a lot of small shops, bars, restaurants, grocery store, and ethnic food (a lot of indians, turkish, chinese, japonese and off course french food and so on). The guest have a full access to the whole appartment. "	"The position of the apartment is perfect! Less than 5 minutes to the Pompidou Center by foot and 10min to Notre Dame. The house is comfortable and clean Nice three room apartment available fully furnished (linen, bath towel, wifi, kitchen, washing machine). The apartment is located rue Chapon (1st floor) in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris 5 minutes walk from Centre Georges Pompidou, and three rooms, two separate bedroom plus bathroom and separate toilet. The appartment is perfectly located in the center of Paris at a walking distance to the well known ""Grand Magasin"" (printemps, lafayette), the Marais, Beaubourg Museum or the ""Canal St Martin"". It's also very close to the metro lines 1, 3, 4,11, and also 10 min walk from chatelet with metro 7, 14 and RER A and B. and metro Republique with metro 5, 8 and 9. The flat is very calm, quiet and cosy and the neighbourhood is very typical (not a lot of tourist), a lot of small shops, bars, restaurants, grocery store, and ethnic food (a lot of "
18077	This is a home in keeping with its context, for beyond the threshold, Le Marais marries its grand, historic charm with upscale restoration projects that bring you the high end stores and art galleries. Just beyond these warm walls, you can take a stroll on the elegant Rue Charlot and also visit Picasso Museum. You will also have a full range of technology at your disposal, including a flat-screen television with cable TV, a DVD player with stereo sound, and a Free Wi-Fi internet connection. Also there is a king size aerobed as a second bed.  Washing machine and dryer are available,  All fresh linen are provided. Housekeeping is included (check out). The Neighbourhood Safe, Lively, Authentic, Art, Historical, Fun, Trendy.  It s a lovely old district where people mostly walk and enjoy sunny terraces.  You have direct access to the pulsating melting pot of the Marais district with all the delicious restaurants, bars, clubs and Paris best coffee shops are just around the corner.  The apart	This one bedroom two bathroom apartment pays homage to the contemporary and the traditional, from the large works of modern art, making striking statements on all four living room walls, to a extensive art library along the corridor in the bedroom.  This is a home in keeping with its context, for beyond the threshold, Le Marais marries its grand, historic charm with upscale restoration projects that bring you the high end stores and art galleries. Just beyond these warm walls, you can take a stroll on the elegant Rue Charlot and also visit Picasso Museum. You will also have a full range of technology at your disposal, including a flat-screen television with cable TV, a DVD player with stereo sound, and a Free Wi-Fi internet connection. Also there is a king size aerobed as a second bed.  Washing machine and dryer are available,  All fresh linen are provided. Housekeeping is included (check out). The Neighbourhood Safe, Lively, Authentic, Art, Historical, Fun, Trendy.  It s a lovely old 
18078		Appart de 60m2, 1 salon, 1 chambre, 1 salle d'eau, WC séparé, machine à laver linge, tout le confort dans quartier agréable et central, a 2 pas de Beaubourg et du Marais.
18079		Beau studio situé en plein cœur du marais . Refais à neuf depuis peu. Salariée sur Paris je loue cet appartement les week-end où je m'absente.
18080		2 rooms in the North part of the Marais, it is 5 min walk from Place de la République on one side, and 10 min walk from place des Vosges on the other side. It's a
18081	"Very charming and central appartement, in the trendiest area of Paris, 43 sqm with one bedroom (big bed 160cm with Large closet and hanger provided), one living room with a sofa bed (2 places : 140cm)  Great for 4 persons, and possible for 5 persons. Extra bed for child or an adult is possible, whith a cost of 35€ by day( needed if you are more than 4 people) It's located in the 3th district of Paris called ""le Marais"", just behind the Musée Picasso and at 100 m from Place des Vosges. and near chatelet and Beaubourg. it is very central. In the heart of the marais,: - near fashion shops - Art Galeries and Nice trendy restaurants and cafes.... Also near Hotel de ville and at 3 stations of Notre Dame. Direct to Champs Elysées and City busness area of La Defense Between the Republic subway station and Hotel de ville station. near It is extremely convenient to use the subway thanks to five subway lines!! Very central. You're near EVERYTHING in Paris. I took a real attention on the decoratio"	"Very charming and central appartement, in the trendiest area of Paris, 43 sqm with one bedroom (big bed 160cm with Large closet and hanger provided), one living room with a sofa bed (2 places : 140cm)  Great for 4 persons, and possible for 5 persons. Extra bed for child or an adult is possible, whith a cost of 35€ by day( needed if you are more than 4 people) It's located in the 3th district of Paris called ""le Marais"", just behind the Musée Picasso and at 100 m from Place des Vosges. and near chatelet and Beaubourg. it is very central. In the heart of the marais,: - near fashion shops - Art Galeries and Nice trendy restaurants and cafes.... Also near Hotel de ville and at 3 stations of Notre Dame. Direct to Champs Elysées and City busness area of La Defense Between the Republic subway station and Hotel de ville station. near It is extremely convenient to use the subway thanks to five subway lines!! Very central. You're near EVERYTHING in Paris. I took a real attention on the decoratio"
18082		Charmant studio aux poutres apparentes,  accueillant,  douillet et typique. Peut loger 2 personnes, se situant dans le quartier du marais dans une rue central à deux pas du centre Georges Pompidou et du métro Rambuteau. Profiter de son calme et de sa proximité avec les différents commerces, marchés et squares.
18083	- Ideally located in Le Marais, 3rd arrondissement - In the heart of the trendy Haut Marais neighborhood - Nearest Metro stations are Hotel de Ville, Republique and Arts et Metiers - Vélib bike rental station right down the street - All shopping, restaurants, parc, museums nearby - Beautifully renovated 17th century building - Large (50 m2 / 540 sq. ft.) 1 bedroom apartment - 3rd floor with elevator - High ceilings, huge windows, very sunny and quiet - Furnished with fine antiques and art - Entrance with large closet - Large living/dining room - Bedroom with queen size bed, commode and armoire - Separate full kitchen - Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine - TV, DVD player and stereo - Phone service and Wi-Fi high-speed Internet connection - Piano - Ideal for a single person or a couple FEEL AT HOME IN PARIS! GUESTBOOK: We had an incredible time staying at this apartment. The location was perfect, in what many would consider the nicest and most interesting part of Paris – and the a	- Ideally located in Le Marais, 3rd arrondissement - In the heart of the trendy Haut Marais neighborhood - Nearest Metro stations are Hotel de Ville, Republique and Arts et Metiers - Vélib bike rental station right down the street - All shopping, restaurants, parc, museums nearby - Beautifully renovated 17th century building - Large (50 m2 / 540 sq. ft.) 1 bedroom apartment - 3rd floor with elevator - High ceilings, huge windows, very sunny and quiet - Furnished with fine antiques and art - Entrance with large closet - Large living/dining room - Bedroom with queen size bed, commode and armoire - Separate full kitchen - Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine - TV, DVD player and stereo - Phone service and Wi-Fi high-speed Internet connection - Piano - Ideal for a single person or a couple FEEL AT HOME IN PARIS! GUESTBOOK: We had an incredible time staying at this apartment. The location was perfect, in what many would consider the nicest and most interesting part of Paris – and the a
18084	The apartment is ideally located, in the Marais, a lively, cultural and highly trendy neighborhood. In the heart of Paris, the district is the greatest to discover the city. Metro stations around are Hotel de Ville, Saint-Paul, Saint-Sebastien Froissart and Filles du Calvaire. There are many bars (La Perle, Le Progrès, the Mary Celeste, the Candelaria are less than 5 minutes walking distance), trendy shops and Picasso museum is 1 minute away from the apartment. Ideal district at any age ! The apartment is at the 4th floor (no lift, as often in the Marais) of a classified building from the XVIIth century. It is spacious, 4 people may easily stay in it: there is a large room and a very comfortable sofa bed in the living room. The living room is also spacious (40 m²). Ideal for 1 or 2 couples. The kitchen is well-equipped, we provide you with all you need to cook, even if the district provides with many excellent restaurants. Do not hesitate to ask for advice! And enjoy your stay in Paris	The apartment is located in the most beautiful street of the Marais, rue Vieille du Temple.  At the 4th floor, there is a large room and spacious linving room (40 m²) with a sofa bed. Ideal for 1 or 2 couples! The apartment is ideally located, in the Marais, a lively, cultural and highly trendy neighborhood. In the heart of Paris, the district is the greatest to discover the city. Metro stations around are Hotel de Ville, Saint-Paul, Saint-Sebastien Froissart and Filles du Calvaire. There are many bars (La Perle, Le Progrès, the Mary Celeste, the Candelaria are less than 5 minutes walking distance), trendy shops and Picasso museum is 1 minute away from the apartment. Ideal district at any age ! The apartment is at the 4th floor (no lift, as often in the Marais) of a classified building from the XVIIth century. It is spacious, 4 people may easily stay in it: there is a large room and a very comfortable sofa bed in the living room. The living room is also spacious (40 m²). Ideal for 1 or
18085	This apartment is on the 3rd floor w/elevator, in a classic 18th century building. It has five large double glazed windows and plenty of light. The apartment entry has a full security door and video entry system. The furnishing are of a high standard with elegant items including a designer leather sofa bed that will sleep one, and a matching easy chair in the living room. There is also a small table that is expandable w/chairs, bookshelf, and lamps. It is fully equipped with telephone, flat screen cable TV w/DVD player, and a Hi-Fi with CD player/radio. Heating is by individual room with modern electric radiators with thermostat controls. The main bedroom has a top quality queen size bed with excellent mattress and headboard. The pillows are non-allergenic. There are 2 bedside tables with reading lamps. The second bedroom, accessed via double glass doors, has a special convertible bed, which either makes a queen size bed or two singles, as well as being a comfortable sofa. The final be	This is a charming two bedroom apartment on Rue Rambuteau in the Marais district. It's located between the rue du Temple and rue des Archives, opposite the Museum of the History of France. This apartment is on the 3rd floor w/elevator, in a classic 18th century building. It has five large double glazed windows and plenty of light. The apartment entry has a full security door and video entry system. The furnishing are of a high standard with elegant items including a designer leather sofa bed that will sleep one, and a matching easy chair in the living room. There is also a small table that is expandable w/chairs, bookshelf, and lamps. It is fully equipped with telephone, flat screen cable TV w/DVD player, and a Hi-Fi with CD player/radio. Heating is by individual room with modern electric radiators with thermostat controls. The main bedroom has a top quality queen size bed with excellent mattress and headboard. The pillows are non-allergenic. There are 2 bedside tables with reading lam
18086		Studio/loft au droit du métro art et métier. Surface de 40m² avec en plus une mezzanine où se situe le lit. Appartement sur cour très calme. 
18087	Mon studio est très charmant et chaleureux et une attention particulière est portée à sa décoration.	"Beautiful flat in the center of Paris, in the neighborhood called ""Le Marais"", a historical place of Paris and a very lively place too with a lot of bars, restaurants, art galleries... 15m2, comfortable double bed, wonderful sight on Paris'roffs."
18088		Studio mansardé idéal pour couple désirant découvrir Paris et profiter d'une situation idéale au coeur du marais.
18089	The room includes : - A 2 places bed - A private bathroom - An office with wifi - Large closets - Linen and towels provided It is located in a beautiful duplex of 126m2 , quiet and bright with a full kitchen ( private fridge , washing machine , etc ...) You can be completely independent in the apartment. You will be located in the most ideal place to visit Paris - Museums : the Pompidou Centre ( one minute walk) , the Louvre (about 10 minutes) , the Picasso museum, many contemporary art galleries in the Marais ... - Monuments: Notre Dame , Hotel de Ville, the Sainte-Chapelle, Bastille , Opera ... - Dozens of bars and restaurants in the area . The apartment is located right in front of Rambuteau metro (line 11) and close to 1,3,4,7,14 and RER lines A, B , C, D (direct to the airport). You can easily reach every parts of Paris. We live in shared and will be present in the apartment during your stay. 	A large ( 25m ² / 82 square feet) and beautiful room in the heart of Paris The room includes : - A 2 places bed - A private bathroom - An office with wifi - Large closets - Linen and towels provided It is located in a beautiful duplex of 126m2 , quiet and bright with a full kitchen ( private fridge , washing machine , etc ...) You can be completely independent in the apartment. You will be located in the most ideal place to visit Paris - Museums : the Pompidou Centre ( one minute walk) , the Louvre (about 10 minutes) , the Picasso museum, many contemporary art galleries in the Marais ... - Monuments: Notre Dame , Hotel de Ville, the Sainte-Chapelle, Bastille , Opera ... - Dozens of bars and restaurants in the area . The apartment is located right in front of Rambuteau metro (line 11) and close to 1,3,4,7,14 and RER lines A, B , C, D (direct to the airport). You can easily reach every parts of Paris. We live in shared and will be present in the apartment during your stay. deux grandes (
18090	Because some travelers didn't saw it in the flat description, I would like to precise we have a young cat named Lili. We can let her with our travelers, if they want it, or bring her to her petsitter. Feel very free to choose what you prefer...	"Beautiful apartment in the historic center of Paris, the ""Marais"". 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. Big & very bright lounge / dinner room with fireplace, hallway and separate kitchen. Rue De Turenne, at 200 meters of the famous place des Vosges. 2d Floor. Because some travelers didn't saw it in the flat description, I would like to precise we have a young cat named Lili. We can let her with our travelers, if they want it, or bring her to her petsitter. Feel very free to choose what you prefer... To every equipment of the flat. I always make me sure travelers have all information they need to have the best stay!"
18091		Hello！I'm an architect work in Paris，and my apartment is a
18092	The apartment has 45 m  1 room 1 bathroom 1 wc 28 m for the living room, window front at the rue du temple room with window front at the interior	"A beautiful appartment in the center of Paris, in the ""Marais"" . Close to the bar, discotheque, supermarket and perfect to visit the most beautiful city of the world ! Metro Hotel de ville, Rambuteau, Arts et Metiers - 45 m2 ,  - 1 room. The apartment has 45 m  1 room 1 bathroom 1 wc 28 m for the living room, window front at the rue du temple room with window front at the interior Metro Hotel de ville, rambuteau or Arts Métier Bus line 29"
18093	The Location is great and the blue colour make  you feel comfortable, I have a big bed for two and a sofa bed 120 cm wide, which two people in Love could fit, but will be perfect for one person (or 2 children). 	You'll love my nice blue flat in Marrais. It's clean, compact and new.  2nd floor. Very quiet too! 2 min walk to the metro station Republique with 5 metro lines. In 5 mins you are at Chatelet/Louvre or the Centre Pampidou.  The Location is great and the blue colour make  you feel comfortable, I have a big bed for two and a sofa bed 120 cm wide, which two people in Love could fit, but will be perfect for one person (or 2 children). Check in and the access is very flexible.  I do not live far from the flat, so it is easy to be in direct contact with you or meet you if you need anything 
18094	안녕하세요~ 당신의 아름다운 추억이 될 파리 여행에서 까멜리아엠은 여행자분들의 편안하고 안전한 여행을 위해 파리의 중심 3구에 위치해 있습니다. 	Bienvenue a paris!! 안녕하세요~ 환영합니다^^ 사랑하는 사람과의 아름다운 여행을 꿈꾸는 낭만여행자 분들을 초대합니다~ 까멜리아엠은 파리의 중심으로 흐르는 '센강'과 '마레지구', '바스티유광장'이 있는 곳에 위치해 있으며 여행객분들의 편리한 파리관광지 이동을 우선으로 하고 있습니다. 객실은 디럭스룸1, 갤러리룸1과 거실, 와인바와 주방, 화장실, 샤워실로 구성되어있습니다. 감사합니다^^ 안녕하세요~ 당신의 아름다운 추억이 될 파리 여행에서 까멜리아엠은 여행자분들의 편안하고 안전한 여행을 위해 파리의 중심 3구에 위치해 있습니다. 주방에서 조리가능한 기구, 도구완비 네스프레소머신기와 캡슐제공, 와인제공 거실과 객실에 TV설치. 각객실내에 금고구비. 빠른 무선 와이파이설치. 숙소내에는 파리의 여행책자들이 구비되어있습니다. 여행중 궁금한 사항이 있으실때에 메세지로 문의주시면 빠른시간내에 답변드립니다. 체크아웃후 짐보관가능합니다. 또한, 체크아웃시간 유연하게 적용됩니다. 까멜리아엠은 파리의중심 '센강옆 바스티유광장'과  '마레지구'에 위치해있으며, 파리시청, 퐁피두센터, 피카소미술관, 보쥬광장, 마레지구, 바스티유광장, 센강등 도보로 이용하실수있습니다. Metro 1, 5, 8호선을 이용하시면 파리의 관광지로의 이동이편리하며, 북역, 동역, 리옹역, 오스텔리츠역 등 주요 기차역에 한번에 가실수있습니다~
18095	This apartment is ideally located in the 3rd district(le marais) and, therefore, in the heart of the city and its best addresses to discover or enjoy Paris, pretty easy: it's in the very heart of everything! It's full of charm and character, radiating such good and soothing vibes, you can really feel at ease and comfortable, just like home; it is also extremely calm because of its location, in the back of a pretty and quiet courtyard, which is a real barrier to the city's noises once you're in. In the main room, you'll find the living part with a big couch and a tv to relax, a dining area and an opened kitchen with its bar, to have some nice gathering moments. It also has 2 bedrooms(a bigger one and a smaller one) with real beds in each of them(a king size in the big one and a queen size in the smaller one) and each bedroom has its own bathroom and its own toilet.	"Typical apartment in ""Le Marais"" neighborhood in a beautiful old parisien building, 70m2, 2 bedrooms with, each, a bathroom and toilet. Luminous thanks to the many windows overlooking 2 very quiet courtyards. Ideally located, very cosi and pleasant. This apartment is ideally located in the 3rd district(le marais) and, therefore, in the heart of the city and its best addresses to discover or enjoy Paris, pretty easy: it's in the very heart of everything! It's full of charm and character, radiating such good and soothing vibes, you can really feel at ease and comfortable, just like home; it is also extremely calm because of its location, in the back of a pretty and quiet courtyard, which is a real barrier to the city's noises once you're in. In the main room, you'll find the living part with a big couch and a tv to relax, a dining area and an opened kitchen with its bar, to have some nice gathering moments. It also has 2 bedrooms(a bigger one and a smaller one) with real beds in each of "
18096	I ask you to return the apartment in the state in which you found it on arrival. Thank you for doing your dishes before you leave and go down the garbage that would be cool (local in the courtyard at the bottom of the building).	           calm Confort Quiet    I ask you to return the apartment in the state in which you found it on arrival. Thank you for doing your dishes before you leave and go down the garbage that would be cool (local in the courtyard at the bottom of the building). they will have access to everything that is in the apartment I welcome you or self-check-in if I work and also give you my favorite places I stay contacted for any questions or help I can give you to make your stay is going well lively full of shops nearby but also tourist attraction such as museums (Georges Pompidou Beaubourg, Arts and Craft ...) but also monuments (Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, St. Eustache, Republic Square in Bastille. ..) Uber: install the application enter the code: uberImax 10 € discount on your first trip (or aéroportCDG ORY) -> apartment about 20 € with code)  Metro: Line (phone number hidden)  RER: A / B / D  Vélib: station at the foot of the building  Taxi Taxi terminal at the bottom of the building  Aut
18097	Cet appartement, bien que compact, est très fonctionnel, décoré avec soin et caractère. Il a été entièrement restructuré. Dans un immeuble avec une somptueuse cage d'escalier, au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, sur cour. L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec accès internet haut débit, machine à laver, canapé convertible de 140 cm de large par 200. Bienvenue!	"Cet appartement, sous les toits de Paris et plein de charme, au tarif économique, vous permet de passer un séjour dans le 3ème arrondissement de Paris, idéalement situé à proximité du musée Beaubourg, dans une rue calme du quartier du Marais... Cet appartement, bien que compact, est très fonctionnel, décoré avec soin et caractère. Il a été entièrement restructuré. Dans un immeuble avec une somptueuse cage d'escalier, au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, sur cour. L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec accès internet haut débit, machine à laver, canapé convertible de 140 cm de large par 200. Bienvenue! En plein coeur de Paris, mais, donnant sur cour, entouré de cafés typiquement parisiens, bars, restaurants et pubs de jazz dont le célèbre ""Duc des Lombards"". La rue Rambuteau pour ses commerces: son fromager, son poissonnier, sa boulangerie (essayez la ""Praluline..."") et ses primeurs Le Centre Pompidou, à portée de main...  Le plus simple est de marcher les 7 minutes qui séparent l'apparteme"
18098	Bright with a contemporary design, the apartment has been completely renovated (2013) by the owners, Carole is an interior designer. This elegant cocoon is located in the upper Marais, near the rue de Bretagne, a few steps from “les enfants rouges”, the oldest Food market of Paris. The apartment is located in a building dating from 1860, on the 4th floor, with elevator. Its location on the corner, offers an open view and allows the sun to flood the living room. The one-way street is quiet, in a busy area! The flat: We chose to leave all the structures visible in the apartment, we discovered a beautiful stone wall on a side, a brick wall on the other and beams…  On the floor we put an antique oak parquet. Living room:  Sepak artwork which dominates the space, was a theme of the interior design. You can curl up in a huge velvet sofa while enjoying the view of the rooftops of Paris and the waves rose wallpaper that stimulates our senses. In one corner, a small secretary Napoleon III, disc	Bright with a contemporary design, the apartment has been completely renovated (2013) by the owners, Carole is an interior designer. This elegant cocoon is located in the upper Marais, near the rue de Bretagne, a few steps from “les enfants rouges”, the oldest Food market of Paris. The apartment is located in a building dating from 1860, on the 4th floor, with elevator. Its location on the corner, offers an open view and allows the sun to flood the living room. The one-way street is quiet, in a busy area! The flat: We chose to leave all the structures visible in the apartment, we discovered a beautiful stone wall on a side, a brick wall on the other and beams…  On the floor we put an antique oak parquet. Living room:  Sepak artwork which dominates the space, was a theme of the interior design. You can curl up in a huge velvet sofa while enjoying the view of the rooftops of Paris and the waves rose wallpaper that stimulates our senses. In one corner, a small secretary Napoleon III, disc
18099	Le logement est unique par la qualité des matériaux bruts tel que la pierre apparente dans la chambre, le parquet ou les poutres en bois.  La mezzanine qui abrite une chambre très confortable fait toute la beauté des lieux. Dimension du lit: 1,60x2m. Le sommier et le matelas sont de très haute qualité. Vous aurez un excellent sommeil. L'appartement a été décoré et aménagé avec beaucoup de soin, de goût et de délicatesse. Lorsqu'on franchit le seuil de la porte, une atmosphère apaisante vous surprendra. L'appartement est complètement équipé, climatisé et vraiment très fonctionnel. Il possède 2 écrans plats. L'un dans le salon où vous aurez accès à de nombreuses chaînes françaises et internationales ainsi qu'à internet et l'autre dans la chambre (juste pour les DVD).	Airport RCG. Bus connecting Paris-Opéra with Charles de Gaulle airport: Air-conditioned bus service between Paris(Opéra) and Charles De Gaulles airport(serving all terminals). Travel time: 75mn Where: 11 rue scribe 75009 Paris Dir. RCG: 5h15 to 00h30 Dir. Paris: 6h00 to 00h30 Frequency: 15-20mn Ticket: €11 Save time by purchasing your ticket in advance at all stations and automatic ticket machines. Metro: Line 8 Saint Sébastien de Froissard
18100	The apartment overlooks a large and beautiful private courtyard. The windows are running the length of the flat and bathing every room in natural light. At the far end of the courtyard is a wall planted with moss, ferns and vines. •One enters the wooden floored apartment through a long hallway, passing the kitchen on the left before moving into the lounge. •The lounge is spacious and comfortable, with a large leather sofa and chair for relaxing, a large red “hand” armchair, a coffee table and a dining table that comfortably seats 4. A large entertainment center is equipped with a flat screen TV, DVD, and stereo. •The modern kitchen is fully equipped with a large refrigerator and freezer, microwave and traditional ovens, a two-burner induction range, dishwasher and washing machine and plenty of cooking supplies and dishes for preparing dinner. •A second hallway leads to the bedroom and bathroom.  •The bedroom sleeps two in comfort with a queen-size bed. One wall of the bedroom is covere	Fully renovated apt, 18th century stone building in the heart of the Marais district. It stays in a small and quiet street where the castle-like edifice of the Archives Nationales makes for a dramatic backdrop. Decorated in a bright modern style. The apartment overlooks a large and beautiful private courtyard. The windows are running the length of the flat and bathing every room in natural light. At the far end of the courtyard is a wall planted with moss, ferns and vines. •One enters the wooden floored apartment through a long hallway, passing the kitchen on the left before moving into the lounge. •The lounge is spacious and comfortable, with a large leather sofa and chair for relaxing, a large red “hand” armchair, a coffee table and a dining table that comfortably seats 4. A large entertainment center is equipped with a flat screen TV, DVD, and stereo. •The modern kitchen is fully equipped with a large refrigerator and freezer, microwave and traditional ovens, a two-burner induction 
18101	Adorned with solid colors and modern furniture, the 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom Marais Pompidou apartment is the perfect pick for guests who want to stay in one of the most stylish districts in Paris and in an equally stylish pied-a-terre. Located in a small street of the Marais, on the ground floor (street side), this 44 sq. m. apartment makes for a very convenient and comfortable stay. Its living room is equipped with complete entertainment amenities, including a Zone 2 DVD Player, a flat screen TV with international channels, and a sofa bed that doubles into a queen-sized bed when extended. The sofa bed is ideal for 2 guests. A waist-length counter separates the living room from the well-equipped kitchen. The amenities found here include dishes and cutlery, coffee machine, microwave, toaster oven, refrigerator and freezer, and a water boiler; all these make preparing hearty meals for yourself or your group a breeze. A door near the kitchen area takes you to the bedroom which is equipped w	Comfortable 1 bed, 1 bath with sofa bed for a student or young couple!! Adorned with solid colors and modern furniture, the 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom Marais Pompidou apartment is the perfect pick for guests who want to stay in one of the most stylish districts in Paris and in an equally stylish pied-a-terre. Located in a small street of the Marais, on the ground floor (street side), this 44 sq. m. apartment makes for a very convenient and comfortable stay. Its living room is equipped with complete entertainment amenities, including a Zone 2 DVD Player, a flat screen TV with international channels, and a sofa bed that doubles into a queen-sized bed when extended. The sofa bed is ideal for 2 guests. A waist-length counter separates the living room from the well-equipped kitchen. The amenities found here include dishes and cutlery, coffee machine, microwave, toaster oven, refrigerator and freezer, and a water boiler; all these make preparing hearty meals for yourself or your group a breeze. A
18102	Dans immeuble du 18 ème réhabilité  au coeur de Paris  ,bel appartement meublé de caractère  récemment rénové , de style néo-provençal offrant tout le charme de l'ancien : poutres et pierres apparentes parquet  , moulures , cheminée  Il est idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis . Composé d'une entrée , d'une salle de bain avec baignoire , d'un séjour  avec un canapé lit ,d' une cuisine américaine ,de trois chambres avec un lit double . L'appartement se situe au deuxième étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur , sécurisé par un interphone et un digicode . Situé à l'angle de deux rues calmes et arborées avec une triple exposition , il offre une vue dégagée et est baigné de lumière . Sa situation est  en effet optimale , au centre de Paris , tout est très facilement accessible à pieds et en transport en commun.	MARAIS:  CENTRE DE PARIS ,DANS UN QUARTIER PITTORESQUE,  APPARTEMENT DE CARACTERE DE STYLE NEO-PROVENCAL AU 2  ETAGE AVEC ASCENSEUR AVEC TOUT LE CHARME DE L' 'ANCIEN. A l ANGLE DEUX RUES CALMES ET ARBOREES , CET APPARTEMENT EST CLAIR ET ENSOLEILLE. Dans immeuble du 18 ème réhabilité  au coeur de Paris  ,bel appartement meublé de caractère  récemment rénové , de style néo-provençal offrant tout le charme de l'ancien : poutres et pierres apparentes parquet  , moulures , cheminée  Il est idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis . Composé d'une entrée , d'une salle de bain avec baignoire , d'un séjour  avec un canapé lit ,d' une cuisine américaine ,de trois chambres avec un lit double . L'appartement se situe au deuxième étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur , sécurisé par un interphone et un digicode . Situé à l'angle de deux rues calmes et arborées avec une triple exposition , il offre une vue dégagée et est baigné de lumière . Sa situation est  en effet optimale , au centre de Paris ,
18103	Chaleureux, cosy, avec poutres apparentes	"Studio de charme typiquement parisien située entre le quartier de la Bastille et celui du Marais Chaleureux, cosy, avec poutres apparentes Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement : Télévision, lecteur DVD, wifi, plaques céramiques, micro-onde, bouilloire, grille pain, baignoire ... Sont compris : le linge de lit, les serviettes de bain, lesavon, le thé, le café et le sucre. Un petit guide de paris vous sera prêté .  Je pourrai vous conseiller mes bons plans et mes bonnes adresses de restaurants pour vous éviter de tomber dans les ""pièges à touristes"" ;).  La même personne s'occupera de votre entrée et de votre sortie des lieux. D'un côté vous êtes directement à la célèbre Place des Vosges (2 minute à pied), dans le quartier historique du Marais, avec ces nombreux bâtiments d'époque !  De l'autre côté vous êtes dans le quartier très animé de la Bastille, avec ses nombreux commerces, restaurants , pubs, bars, boîtes de nuit.  Vous y trouverez aussi des promenades au calme : le po"
18104		Studio de 19m2 dans le centre de Paris avec un sofa convertible,une petite cuisine et salle de bain.1er etage Très bien situé dans une rue commerçante,à proximité de nombreux restaurants,boutiques, théatres,et proches des grands boulevards.A 2mn du marais.
18105	Location : Near Place des Vosges, Picasso Museum, Rue des Francs Bourgeois, Bastille, ... Quiet and bright giving to a courtyard with view on Saint Paul Church	This apartment of 465 square feet (44 m2) is made of 2 rooms with a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It can welcome 2 to 4 people. It is situated on the 3rd floor without lift; it is very quiet, giving on a large courtyard, and very bright giving to the south. It has Wifi connexion to Internet, TV and Web radio. It is a non-smoking apartment. In one room, it has a king size bed; in another room, it has a couch bed. It is situated in the Marais, near Place des Vosges (500 feet), Bastille, Centre Pompidou, Musée Picasso (reopening in 2013), Musée Carnavalet, … This district of Paris is one of the oldest and most famous neighborhoods of the capital. Many artists and famous people settled there to enjoy the side-chic residential and commercial. Indeed, for some time many luxury brands settled there. It became the borough 'fashionable' par excellence. Today, bustling streets and restaurants and bars give it a unique charm. The nearest metro stations are Saint Paul (line 1) or Chemin V
18106	Hi Everyone, I and my roommate live here since two years now. APARTMENT: It's a 2 bedroom apartment of 45m2 on the 6th floor with elevator, ideal for two couples or few friends (the sofa in the living room has two more places). The whole flat has been renovated 2 year ago so everything is very clean and fresh. The main characteristics are the followings : - A living/dining room with sofas, a small table, a dinner table, a TV and a Stereo which opens onto the kitchen - The kitchen is fully equipped with new appliances, electrical stove, a small oven, fridge, freezer and all usual cutlery/plates. - A bedroom with a double-bed - A second bedroom with a double-bed - A completely new bathroom with shower, sink - Separated toilets room LOCATION: This apartment is located in the heart of Paris near Chatelet, Réaumur Sebastopol and Beaubourg Center (3ème Arrondissement). Very safe, the area of “Marais” is one of the most trendy and fashionable place in Paris where young workers and families ap	Hi Everyone, I and my roommate live here since two years now. APARTMENT: It's a 2 bedroom apartment of 45m2 on the 6th floor with elevator, ideal for two couples or few friends (the sofa in the living room has two more places). The whole flat has been renovated 2 year ago so everything is very clean and fresh. The main characteristics are the followings : - A living/dining room with sofas, a small table, a dinner table, a TV and a Stereo which opens onto the kitchen - The kitchen is fully equipped with new appliances, electrical stove, a small oven, fridge, freezer and all usual cutlery/plates. - A bedroom with a double-bed - A second bedroom with a double-bed - A completely new bathroom with shower, sink - Separated toilets room LOCATION: This apartment is located in the heart of Paris near Chatelet, Réaumur Sebastopol and Beaubourg Center (3ème Arrondissement). Very safe, the area of “Marais” is one of the most trendy and fashionable place in Paris where young workers and families ap
18107	The flat is a charming 61 m² flat, located in the 3rd district of the Marais.  There are two rooms, a bathroom, a kitchen and a living room.  The stones and wooden beams will charm you without a doubt. It is equiped with a dishwasher, a washing machine, a hair-dryer, TV, unlimited speed internet access and Wifi.  We also provide fresh bed linens and towels.	"Welcome to a beautiful flat in the heart of Le Marais.  The flat is 61m² and has two rooms, a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom with toilet.  The flat is a charming 61 m² flat, located in the 3rd district of the Marais.  There are two rooms, a bathroom, a kitchen and a living room.  The stones and wooden beams will charm you without a doubt. It is equiped with a dishwasher, a washing machine, a hair-dryer, TV, unlimited speed internet access and Wifi.  We also provide fresh bed linens and towels. Guests have access to the whole apartment. Welcome to the Marais, the most lively and trendy district of Paris.  The neighborhood is charming and full of energy. You will discover the real Parisian way of life.  We are very close to ""rue de Bretagne"" and ""rue vieille du temple"" where you can easily find bakeries, wine shops, cheese shops, and fresh produce markets.  The nightlife of ""Le Marais"" is very famous. Many bars, restaurants and nighclubs will welcome you.  Le Marais is the fashion"
18108	STANDING The apartment in Paris is located in a complex of three large Hausmann buildings from the 19th century, served by two elevators: one going to the fourth floor and the other to the fifth. LAYOUT Paris rental studio of 24m2, compact but charming, with all the conveniences. It has recently been renovated for modern tastes while keeping all the charm of old Paris. You will find a beamed ceiling in the living room with a fold-out table that accommodates up to 6. Full kitchen with all the amenities. The fold-out bed is in a mirrored cabinet. A flat-screen television and wi-fi internet access are provided and the bathroom has a large shower. Perfect for those seeking a great location for renting a Paris apartment, that still has all the comfortable and modern accessories.	One of the few Paris apartment rentals short term that has a lovely, unobstructed view of Parisian sights and rooftops. Renovated for modern tastes, while keeping its old French charm. A wonderful location makes this perfect. STANDING The apartment in Paris is located in a complex of three large Hausmann buildings from the 19th century, served by two elevators: one going to the fourth floor and the other to the fifth. LAYOUT Paris rental studio of 24m2, compact but charming, with all the conveniences. It has recently been renovated for modern tastes while keeping all the charm of old Paris. You will find a beamed ceiling in the living room with a fold-out table that accommodates up to 6. Full kitchen with all the amenities. The fold-out bed is in a mirrored cabinet. A flat-screen television and wi-fi internet access are provided and the bathroom has a large shower. Perfect for those seeking a great location for renting a Paris apartment, that still has all the comfortable and modern ac
18109	Very well located and totally independant studio apartment.(Arts et Métiers). Good equipment (Computer, Wifi, washing-drying machine, TV, free telephone...) Real bed on large mezzanine, and/or very comfortable sofa bed. Bed linen and 3 fresh towels/person are supplied. Small private courtyard. Ground floor, so you can hear the subway (even if it's not loud at all, don't worry), and the place is not very bright during the day, but all the windows open to a small private courtyard (for smokers), so it's very quiet, and again, well equipped. The neighborhood is really safe, and you can find everything : grocery store, bakery, fresh fruit and vegetable market (in the well known Rue de Bretagne and its Marché des Enfants Rouges). Walking distance from Marais area, Beaubourg, Montorgueil... Subway station is at the door, you can go everywhere very easily. A lot of my guests come back and are now regular, reason why the place is booked quite in advance on some periods ! I try to keep everythi	Nice studio apartment in central Paris. Great facilities, wifi, computer, warm welcome...    Very well located and totally independant studio apartment.(Arts et Métiers). Good equipment (Computer, Wifi, washing-drying machine, TV, free telephone...) Real bed on large mezzanine, and/or very comfortable sofa bed. Bed linen and 3 fresh towels/person are supplied. Small private courtyard. Ground floor, so you can hear the subway (even if it's not loud at all, don't worry), and the place is not very bright during the day, but all the windows open to a small private courtyard (for smokers), so it's very quiet, and again, well equipped. The neighborhood is really safe, and you can find everything : grocery store, bakery, fresh fruit and vegetable market (in the well known Rue de Bretagne and its Marché des Enfants Rouges). Walking distance from Marais area, Beaubourg, Montorgueil... Subway station is at the door, you can go everywhere very easily. A lot of my guests come back and are now regu
18110	You will be amazed by its big beams and its brightness (6 Windows). Our flat is very quiet, the windows do not open on the street . You will find maps and guides in the flat.	In the heart of the old Paris, the flat is 45 square meters. There is everything you need in the kitchen .  1 bedroom with a double bed (140x190), 1 mezzanine with a double bed (120x180). The bathroom has a shower, the toilets are separate You will be amazed by its big beams and its brightness (6 Windows). Our flat is very quiet, the windows do not open on the street . You will find maps and guides in the flat. All the flat is at disposal of our guests! This flat is our summer house, you will be able to join us ( by phone or by mail) all the time you stay in Paris. You can't possibly find a better place to visit Paris if you like walking a little. Within a ten minutes' walk you can see the famoust places such as Place de la République, Hôtel de Ville (City Hall), Place des Vosges, Centre Georges Pompidou, Picasso Museum, Opéra Bastille........ Several stations for undergrounds and buses are five minutes'walk. Velib and Autolib are two minutes' walk. We shall be at the flat when you arr
18111	Composé d'un grand salon, tout confort (TV, Home cinema, Wifi), d'une cuisine tout équipée (Lave vaiselle, Lave linge) et d'une chambre ouverte sur la salle de bain (Douche + Baignoire). L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes ( 1 lit 2 places et un matelas gonflable 2 places). Les draps / serviettes sont fournis. L'appartement sera libre pour que vous puissiez l'occuper à votre convenance et profiter de tous ses atouts. Bons plans restaurant et choses à découvrir dans le quartier. 	Composé d'un grand salon, tout confort (TV, Home cinema, Wifi), d'une cuisine tout équipée (Lave vaiselle, Lave linge) et d'une chambre ouverte sur la salle de bain (Douche + Baignoire). L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes ( 1 lit 2 places et un matelas gonflable 2 places). Les draps / serviettes sont fournis. L'appartement sera libre pour que vous puissiez l'occuper à votre convenance et profiter de tous ses atouts. Bons plans restaurant et choses à découvrir dans le quartier. L'appartement sera libre pour que vous puissiez l'occuper à votre convenance et profiter de tous ses atouts. Bons plans restaurant et choses à découvrir dans le quartier. L'appartement est situé idéalement à 5 minutes à pieds des stations suivante : Hôtel de ville, république, Filles du calvaire, Arts & Métiers, temple. Pratiquement toutes les lignes de métros y sont desservies.
18112		Chambre à louer dans le centre de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied de Beaubourg, à l'étage d'un duplex, clair et ensoleillé, calme donnant sur cour, internet disponible.
18113	Elle a un charme particulier 	Joli petit loft, très cosy, chambre en mezzanine, en plein cœur de Paris place de la république!! Appartement très calme, et à 10mn de tous dans le vieux Paris bien sûr venez découvrir et vous ne serez pas déçu ... Elle a un charme particulier Non Oui et non ca dépend de mon planning La joie de vivre!! Transport en commun à toutes heures Un petit détail bon à savoir! Je serais également dans l'appartement..
18114	"Ideally located in Paris center in a typical building with exposed beams and stonework.  There are a number of shops, sidewalk cafes and restaurants nearby so you can make the most of Paris at its best!  Shopping addicts are only two metro stops away from the biggest fashion brands at the Grands Boulevards. -> Restaurants : A lot around the flat -> Nearest metro station : ""Reaumur Sebastopol' or ""Strasbourg Saint Denis"" (20 meters walking distance to the flat ) -> Supermarkets : in front of the flat! ___________________________________________________ 4 people + babies : -> Bedroom n°1  with a double bed (size 160x200) -> 1 living room with a double sofa bed with a comfy Italian mattress (size 160x200) + 1 spacious bathroom ___________________________________________________ In a concern of comfort, the whole apartment has been renovated recently and is fully equipped to make of your stay in the heart of Paris a memorable experience, with no extra cost : -> Bed linens + towels-> New Hi"	"The flat is new, well located in Paris center in the upper Marais where goes many metro lines to move easily in the city ! Supermarket in front & Metro at 20 meters away ! Ideally located in Paris center in a typical building with exposed beams and stonework.  There are a number of shops, sidewalk cafes and restaurants nearby so you can make the most of Paris at its best!  Shopping addicts are only two metro stops away from the biggest fashion brands at the Grands Boulevards. -> Restaurants : A lot around the flat -> Nearest metro station : ""Reaumur Sebastopol' or ""Strasbourg Saint Denis"" (20 meters walking distance to the flat ) -> Supermarkets : in front of the flat! ___________________________________________________ 4 people + babies : -> Bedroom n°1  with a double bed (size 160x200) -> 1 living room with a double sofa bed with a comfy Italian mattress (size 160x200) + 1 spacious bathroom ___________________________________________________ In a concern of comfort, the whole apartme"
18115	2 adjoining apartments divided by a private hall way. Equipped kitchen with dishwasher, microwave & electric hobs. Wooden beam ceilings & high windows 3.20 meters! Facing the inner courtyard the place is very quiet, a pleasant surprise as the lively Marais is just outside! Loud music and wild parties are not tolerated by other residents of the building!	Two adjoining apartments with private hallway between them.Just been entirely renovated. 3 double bedrooms and 2 futon sofa beds. 2 bathrooms with shower and toilet. Beautiful 17th century building, quiet apartment facing the inner courtyard.   2 adjoining apartments divided by a private hall way. Equipped kitchen with dishwasher, microwave & electric hobs. Wooden beam ceilings & high windows 3.20 meters! Facing the inner courtyard the place is very quiet, a pleasant surprise as the lively Marais is just outside! Loud music and wild parties are not tolerated by other residents of the building! Whole appartment   Always available if needed. Metro stations close by: Temple, Rambuteau and Arts et Metiers No smoking in the apartment or the Inside courtyard.
18116	Vous apprécierez ce charmant 2 pièces qui a été totalement rénové avec des matériaux de grande qualité, dans le quartier réputé et animé du Marais.  Il est composé d'un séjour équipé d'un canapé lit pour 2 personnes (le matelas se déplie directement sur le sol) où vous pourrez vous relaxer devant la télévision. La cuisine est totalement équipée, avec la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine dont vous pourrez avoir besoin pendant votre séjour, ainsi qu'un lave-vaisselle et une machine à laver le linge. Pour votre café, nous vous fournissons gracieusement des capsules pour la machine Nespresso Vous profiterez du calme de cet appartement de par sa situation dans une jolie cour intérieure tout en pouvant bénéficier de l'animation du quartier du Marais. Vous pouvez vous rendre en quelques minutes à pieds au Centre Pompidou et au coeur des rues commerçantes du Marais, idéales pour le shopping. Pour vos soirées vous aurez le choix entre de nombreux restaurants, n'hésitez pas à nous demander 	Ce 2 pièces est situé au coeur du quartier typique du Marais.  Calme dans une magnifique cours pavées et fleurieàpromiximité des meilleures visites de Paris.  Vous apprécierez ce charmant 2 pièces qui a été totalement rénové avec des matériaux de grande qualité, dans le quartier réputé et animé du Marais.  Il est composé d'un séjour équipé d'un canapé lit pour 2 personnes (le matelas se déplie directement sur le sol) où vous pourrez vous relaxer devant la télévision. La cuisine est totalement équipée, avec la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine dont vous pourrez avoir besoin pendant votre séjour, ainsi qu'un lave-vaisselle et une machine à laver le linge. Pour votre café, nous vous fournissons gracieusement des capsules pour la machine Nespresso Vous profiterez du calme de cet appartement de par sa situation dans une jolie cour intérieure tout en pouvant bénéficier de l'animation du quartier du Marais. Vous pouvez vous rendre en quelques minutes à pieds au Centre Pompidou et au coeu
18117	Our one-room cosy apartment is located on 1rd floor of a classic Parisian building and is 27m2 size. It will comfortably fit two guests eager to discover the many sites located nearby (Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou, Seine river, Hotel de Ville)! 	"Apartment is located in Paris's 3th district, near the Centre Georges Pompidou. Our one-room cosy apartment is located on 1rd floor of a classic Parisian building and is 27m2 size. It will comfortably fit two guests eager to discover the many sites located nearby (Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou, Seine river, Hotel de Ville)! Perfect central location in the heart of Le Marais. 1 min walk to ""Centre Pompidou"", ""Les Halles"", ""Arts et Métiers"", ""Hotel de Ville"". Multiple shops, boutiques, restaurants, supermarkets, pharmacies and cafés nearby. Also a few stops away from ""Le Louvre"" Museum and many other iconic attractions of Paris. Very easy public transport access - Metro stations less than 1 min away: Arts et Métiers on lines 3 and 11, Réaumur Sébastopol on lines 3 and 4 - Multiple bus lines 1min away (e.g. line 47 & 38)"
18118	"The place gives you an authentic feel of real Paris - oak wooden floor, a mix of antique & contemporary furniture.  Flat-screen TV & CD and iPod & iPhone player.  Very light since windows take up the whole southern wall, and the next building is good 80 yards away.  There is also light from the other side of the living room - a double-glazed window on-looking the street (but higher than the passers by) so it gives the room a dynamic light from both sides.   The Picasso Museum, Georges Pompidou Centre, best contemporary art galleries - all within walking distance.  Shopping chic rue des Francs Bourgeois just around the corner...  ""Chez Jannou"" (website hidden), one of Paris’ most popular restaurants with terrace, across the street from the house, a choice of many others minutes away."	"In a calm oasis in the very heart of le Marais, a typical parisian studio in a XVIIth century courtyard with a huge oak-tree and  greenery one street north of the Place des Vosges.  A perfect place for exploring on foot the best of historic Paris. The place gives you an authentic feel of real Paris - oak wooden floor, a mix of antique & contemporary furniture.  Flat-screen TV & CD and iPod & iPhone player.  Very light since windows take up the whole southern wall, and the next building is good 80 yards away.  There is also light from the other side of the living room - a double-glazed window on-looking the street (but higher than the passers by) so it gives the room a dynamic light from both sides.   The Picasso Museum, Georges Pompidou Centre, best contemporary art galleries - all within walking distance.  Shopping chic rue des Francs Bourgeois just around the corner...  ""Chez Jannou"" (website hidden), one of Paris’ most popular restaurants with terrace, across the street from the hou"
18119		Nice studio-apartment in the middle of the Marais.You can come alone or in couple,here you won't be bored!Everything is in the corner.You can stop by the most famous cafes, restaurants museums and sight-seeing by walk!Live the life of a real Parisian
18120	Studio de 25m2 au cœur de Paris situé à proximité de la place de la république et à 2 pas du quartier du Marais.  L'appartement très cosy est situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble typique parisien. Il dispose d'un canapé-lit convertible, d'une télévision avec câble et d'un accès internet avec wifi. La cuisine ouverte est équipée de plaques de cuisson, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un four, d'un micro-ondes, d'un lave-linge, d'une bouilloire et dispose de vaisselle et d'ustensiles de cuisine. La salle de bain avec WC séparés est composée d'une douche et d'un lavabo.	Charmant studio idéalement situé, au calme et tout confort pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris! Studio de 25m2 au cœur de Paris situé à proximité de la place de la république et à 2 pas du quartier du Marais.  L'appartement très cosy est situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble typique parisien. Il dispose d'un canapé-lit convertible, d'une télévision avec câble et d'un accès internet avec wifi. La cuisine ouverte est équipée de plaques de cuisson, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un four, d'un micro-ondes, d'un lave-linge, d'une bouilloire et dispose de vaisselle et d'ustensiles de cuisine. La salle de bain avec WC séparés est composée d'une douche et d'un lavabo. Des draps, serviettes de bain, gels douche et shampoings sont à votre disposition.  Une planche et un fer à repasser sont également disponibles. Il est possible de me joindre par téléphone ou par mail. Je serai présente si possible pour vous accueillir à votre arrivée. Quartier très jeune et attractif avec commerces à proximité, nombreux b
18121		"Cosy flat , clear and calm in the center of Paris. Perfect for 2 people just 5 minutes walk from ""le marais"" and the Pompidou Centre. Full equiped kitchen , bathroom with bath, queen size bed ."
18122	Appartement spacieux de 3 pièces avec une salle à manger donnant sur une cuisine ouverte et équipée, une salle de bains avec baignoire, une chambre avec un lit double, un salon avec un canapé lit 2 places :  Soit la place pour 4 personnes	Appartement spacieux de 3 pièces avec une salle à manger donnant sur une cuisine ouverte et équipée, une salle de bains avec baignoire, une chambre avec un lit double, un salon avec un canapé lit 2 places :  Soit la place pour 4 personnes Télé, Hi-Fi, Four, Lave linge, Lave vaisselle, Fibre optique, de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Merci de me communiquer votre heure d'arrivée, afin de vous acceuillir Agréable quartier, proche de la Place des Vosges, de Bastille et du Marias. Ligne 8 - Chemin Vert  Ligne 1 - Saint Paul Proche de la Gare de Lyon
18123	EUR 200/week end or 500/week, 1 bedroom flat (40m² / 120Sqft). Ideal for a couple, very quiet, ideal location in the heart of Paris. The flat is on the 2 nd floor. Located in the Marais aera, walking distance from place des Vosges, Beaubourg modern art center, many historic buildings and shoppings... Living area with chimney, TV flat screen with cable and Internet access WIFI, kitchen full equiped with a refrigetor, a frizzer, washing machine,  an oven, bedroom with a new double bed 140x200cm and a wardrobe, bathroom with shower, wc and hairdryer. Bedlinen and towels included, additionnal futon bed provided for a 3rd person if necessary. Metro Station : Saint Sebastien Froissard - Filles du Calvaire and Chemin Vert. Saint Paul is not so far ( 5 minute by foot ). The flat is on 2nd floor (no elevator). Please note that it is not allowed to smoke in the flat.	EUR 200/week end or 500/week, 1 bedroom flat (40m² / 120Sqft). Ideal for a couple, very quiet, ideal location in the heart of Paris. The flat is on the 2 nd floor. Located in the Marais aera, walking distance from place des Vosges, Beaubourg modern art center, many historic buildings and shoppings... Living area with chimney, TV flat screen with cable and Internet access WIFI, kitchen full equiped with a refrigetor, a frizzer, washing machine,  an oven, bedroom with a new double bed 140x200cm and a wardrobe, bathroom with shower, wc and hairdryer. Bedlinen and towels included, additionnal futon bed provided for a 3rd person if necessary. Metro Station : Saint Sebastien Froissard - Filles du Calvaire and Chemin Vert. Saint Paul is not so far ( 5 minute by foot ). The flat is on 2nd floor (no elevator). Please note that it is not allowed to smoke in the flat.
18124	"This appartement is in a quiet and very typical parisian building at 2nd floor (with elevator). You will enjoy the area (Le Marais) with nice place to wander around : take a tour in ""le Marché des enfants rouges"", not well known but so much parisian (street Charlot), Rue de Bretagne with many café and shops, and 15mn walk to the magnificent place des Vosges, Beaubourg art museum, etc."	"In the heart of le Marais area (3rd arrondissement), and in a small and quiet street,  this 60 m2 flat is ideal for you to discover Paris. It is 10min walk from several metro stations : Hotel de Ville, Arts et Metier or République This appartement is in a quiet and very typical parisian building at 2nd floor (with elevator). You will enjoy the area (Le Marais) with nice place to wander around : take a tour in ""le Marché des enfants rouges"", not well known but so much parisian (street Charlot), Rue de Bretagne with many café and shops, and 15mn walk to the magnificent place des Vosges, Beaubourg art museum, etc. The appartment is giving on a small but quiet street A 5 minute walk from many metro lines and stations : fille du Calvaire, Temple, Arts et Metier, Hotel de Ville...."
18125	Le Marais, Temple, République. An amazing full furnished apartment on the top floor (elevator) for two persons.  Fabulous location in a historical, trendy and peaceful area, with great restaurants, shops, cultural places, and close to subways (lines 3, 5, 8, 9). Three large balconies with a table to enjoy a sunny breakfast or lunch and deckchairs to rest with a beautiful view. With its two huge roof windows you will feel like in a little house in the sky. View on Eiffel tower, Pantheon... Separate bedroom with a large two persons bed and quality mattress.  Huge living room, with wifi connexion, radio, C.D., piano, desk, air conditionning. Beautiful bathroom with bath (good shower inside), hairdryer, mirrors. Kitchen, with table for two, dish washer, oven, fridge, toaster, mixer... all needed to cook, and tumble wash and dry. 	"In the very center of Paris, find calm, light, space and beauty in my recently renovated apartment, and enjoy it's three balconies and roof windows. My ""House of happiness"" is in the most trendy, historical and well connected area of Paris. Welcome! Le Marais, Temple, République. An amazing full furnished apartment on the top floor (elevator) for two persons.  Fabulous location in a historical, trendy and peaceful area, with great restaurants, shops, cultural places, and close to subways (lines 3, 5, 8, 9). Three large balconies with a table to enjoy a sunny breakfast or lunch and deckchairs to rest with a beautiful view. With its two huge roof windows you will feel like in a little house in the sky. View on Eiffel tower, Pantheon... Separate bedroom with a large two persons bed and quality mattress.  Huge living room, with wifi connexion, radio, C.D., piano, desk, air conditionning. Beautiful bathroom with bath (good shower inside), hairdryer, mirrors. Kitchen, with table for two, dis"
18126	Charmant studio de 23m2, idéal pour visiter Paris en couple. Pour 2 personnes. Une 3ème personnes est envisageable, il y a un canapé dépliant. Très fonctionnel, cet appartement est calme et très confortable. Tout équipé, seule les serviettes de toilettes ne sont pas fournies. 	Joli Studio de 23m2 au coeur de Paris ! Meublé et tout équipé (vaisselles, machine à laver, drap, TV, Internet) Salle de bain avec douche, cuisine avec petit bar et canapé convertible Calme sur cour, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Charmant studio de 23m2, idéal pour visiter Paris en couple. Pour 2 personnes. Une 3ème personnes est envisageable, il y a un canapé dépliant. Très fonctionnel, cet appartement est calme et très confortable. Tout équipé, seule les serviettes de toilettes ne sont pas fournies. Très bien situé, au coeur de Paris, desservi par de nombreuses lignes de métro (3,5,8,9) et bus. Proche de Bastille, des Galleries Lafayette, des halles. Nombreux théâtres et salles de concerts aux alentours. Restaurant très bons dans le quartier.  Idéal pour découvrir la gastronomie parisienne. Quartier du 3ème arrondissement très agréable à vivre !
18127	Duplex Apartment 3rd district - 66 m2 - 4th floor - steps in - Master suite  -  bed 2 places, bath, dressing - American -kitchen area with sofa bed for 2, TV , Wifi, dishwasher, oven , microwave, washer dryer . No overlooked in the living room , very bright - Child's bedroom on course with single bed and extra mattress , bathroom with shower . - Small attic room for children's play space.	3 room  apartment and 2 bedrooms close to Arts and Crafts in the center of Paris. Beautiful area of 66m2 on 4th floor, no elevator, renovated can accommodate 1 to 5 people with all modern comforts .       Duplex Apartment 3rd district - 66 m2 - 4th floor - steps in - Master suite  -  bed 2 places, bath, dressing - American -kitchen area with sofa bed for 2, TV , Wifi, dishwasher, oven , microwave, washer dryer . No overlooked in the living room , very bright - Child's bedroom on course with single bed and extra mattress , bathroom with shower . - Small attic room for children's play space.
18128	Appartement refait à neuf à partager avec Aladdin, mon chat, et moi-même. Votre chambre comprend une canapé-lit futon 120x200 avec un accès direct à la salle de bain (à partager avec moi). L’appartement est très calme, donnant sur deux cours. Métro Réaumur-Sébastopol	I propose a lovely private room in my apartment (68m2) right in the middle of Paris (Subway Réaumur-Sébastopol) in the historical Passage du Ponceau, in the Sentier district, very close to the Montorgeuil district, very charming pedestrian street. Appartement refait à neuf à partager avec Aladdin, mon chat, et moi-même. Votre chambre comprend une canapé-lit futon 120x200 avec un accès direct à la salle de bain (à partager avec moi). L’appartement est très calme, donnant sur deux cours. Métro Réaumur-Sébastopol
18129	Duplex 96 m², in the heart of the historical Marais, can accommodate 6 people. Combining the authenticity of old stones, and ultra-modern amenities, it overlooks a courtyard , in a quiet street and close to all shops. The 19th century building is equipped with : 2 security codes.  This 96 square feet duplex is located rue Saintonge, in the heart of the historical Marais, one of the  most popular and liveliest districts of Paris.This duplex is located on the ground floor of a building dating from 1620 where Blaise Pascal and his family lived.Close to rue de Poitou, this small haven of peace gives out  on a flowered and leafy courtyard and on a quiet street. Living room: Combining the authenticity of old stones, and ultra-modern amenities, the decoration of this duplex has been designed like a Parisian Bistro: the large living room on the ground floor is warm and furniture old, paintings and sculptures alongside a dining table for 6 persons with high stools , a sofa double bed and coffee	This 96 square feet duplex is located rue Saintonge, in the heart of the historical Marais, one of the  most popular and liveliest districts of Paris. This  haven of peaceis  gives out  on a  flowered courtyard and on a quiet street. Duplex 96 m², in the heart of the historical Marais, can accommodate 6 people. Combining the authenticity of old stones, and ultra-modern amenities, it overlooks a courtyard , in a quiet street and close to all shops. The 19th century building is equipped with : 2 security codes.  This 96 square feet duplex is located rue Saintonge, in the heart of the historical Marais, one of the  most popular and liveliest districts of Paris.This duplex is located on the ground floor of a building dating from 1620 where Blaise Pascal and his family lived.Close to rue de Poitou, this small haven of peace gives out  on a flowered and leafy courtyard and on a quiet street. Living room: Combining the authenticity of old stones, and ultra-modern amenities, the decoration of 
18130	This fully renovated apartment has everything you need to enjoy your stay inside.   Bedroom with a comfortable queen sized bed,a spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen, new furnishings,  all completed with a relaxing bathroom featuring a full sized tub.  Enjoy your stay and feel like home	This bright one bedroom apartment offers you an excellent location for your stay in Paris being located in the beautiful area Le Marais. Nestled in the heart of the Marais district, one of the most picturesque neighbourhoods in Paris. This fully renovated apartment has everything you need to enjoy your stay inside.   Bedroom with a comfortable queen sized bed,a spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen, new furnishings,  all completed with a relaxing bathroom featuring a full sized tub.  Enjoy your stay and feel like home The historic Marais in the heart of Paris is one of the most popular choices for Paris vacations. Its narrow cobbled streets are rich with a contrasting trendy and traditional population, while the wonderful patina of the 16th and 17th-century buildings is sharply enhanced by the designs and colors of as many boutiques.  The Marais stretches from the provocatively multi-colored Pompidou Center to the Place des Vosges, one the city’s oldest and most romantic squares
18131	Experience life in Paris from this bright, airy studio apartment, on the fourth floor (elevator) of a train convent, near to Arts et Metiers in the Marais. The apartment IS very light and cheery. It has 3 large windows with rooftop view and IS quite cozy and full of charm. It HAS recently (January 2011)-been totally refurbished. Everything in the flat: all appliances, furniture, bed, etc.. are new and excellent quality. The bed very comfortable with IS a thick mattress, sheets are high tread count, towels are fluffy. It Is Fully equipped Including: hair dryer, microwave, toaster, TV (CNN, BBC, etc), DVD, WIFI, phone (free calls to US). For 'foodies', Know That There Are excellent restaurants on the adjacent street (Greenwood Street) and of course in the 'neighborhood'. Well Known Food Markets on rue de Bretagne, Rue Montorgueil and rue Rambateau year are easy walk. The 'Market The Bastille' (open air market on Thursday and Sunday morning) IS NOT far. You Will find a list of our favorit	Experience life in Paris from this bright, airy studio apartment, on the fourth floor (elevator) of a train convent, near to Arts et Metiers in the Marais.  Experience life in Paris from this bright, airy studio apartment, on the fourth floor (elevator) of a train convent, near to Arts et Metiers in the Marais. The apartment IS very light and cheery. It has 3 large windows with rooftop view and IS quite cozy and full of charm. It HAS recently (January 2011)-been totally refurbished. Everything in the flat: all appliances, furniture, bed, etc.. are new and excellent quality. The bed very comfortable with IS a thick mattress, sheets are high tread count, towels are fluffy. It Is Fully equipped Including: hair dryer, microwave, toaster, TV (CNN, BBC, etc), DVD, WIFI, phone (free calls to US). For 'foodies', Know That There Are excellent restaurants on the adjacent street (Greenwood Street) and of course in the 'neighborhood'. Well Known Food Markets on rue de Bretagne, Rue Montorgueil and
18132	My condo is particularly well adapted for couples wishing to enjoy a romantic weekend.  Simply decorated, very bright, extremely comfortable bed (I put a lot of my budget in it :)), fully equiped to cook or to spend evenings in front of my huge TV, internet access ...	34 square meter flat, perfect for romantic getaways or to stay with friends in the heart of the Marais. This 2 rooms condo has an undeniable charm, is fully furnished and is close to many shops and monuments in the very heart of Paris. My condo is particularly well adapted for couples wishing to enjoy a romantic weekend.  Simply decorated, very bright, extremely comfortable bed (I put a lot of my budget in it :)), fully equiped to cook or to spend evenings in front of my huge TV, internet access ... Very easy access - 3 min walk from the metro station Arts et Métiers and less than 15min walk from the Hotel de Ville / Chatelet.  Noted that the apartment is located on the 5th floor without elevator, ideal if you want to muscle your legs :) Messages, emails, Skype, Whatsapp ... All means are good for us to communicate during your stay. I will handle you the keys myself  when you arrive, so it's an opportunity to explain everything on how everything works. I particularly appreciate the tra
18133	Charming 2 rooms of 37m² (398 sq ft) with a living room with kitchen, a bedroom with bed for 2 persons, bathroom and separate toilet. The apartment has 3 balconies with views over the rooftops and on quiet streets. It is located on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a typical building of the Marais. We supply linen of bed, towels,... and you can use all the equipments of the kitchen. Coffee and tea at your disposal. 	"Very bright apartment which has balconies with a nice view over the roofs of Paris! Located in the Marais, two steps from the oldest market in Paris : ""Marché des Enfants rouges"". Ideal Location: merchants, restaurants, bars, fashion shops, park,... Charming 2 rooms of 37m² (398 sq ft) with a living room with kitchen, a bedroom with bed for 2 persons, bathroom and separate toilet. The apartment has 3 balconies with views over the rooftops and on quiet streets. It is located on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a typical building of the Marais. We supply linen of bed, towels,... and you can use all the equipments of the kitchen. Coffee and tea at your disposal. Wifi Internet 160 TV channels Dishwasher. We can advise on visits not to be missed in Paris, things to do in our neighborhood .. The apartment is located in the historic district of ""Le Marais"" with its many museums, art galeries, fashion shops, restaurants, ... Real life area with merchants, food shops and the famous market ""Marché"
18134	Duplex atypique. Situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Le logement a 400 ans et est situé dans le quartier le plus ancien de paris	Petit duplex dans le Marais, l'immeuble est en face de l'entrée du métro arts et métier(entre République et Châtelet) Duplex atypique. Situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Le logement a 400 ans et est situé dans le quartier le plus ancien de paris 5 minutes à pied de Châtelet, 5 minutes à pied de République et à 50 mètres de la station de métro Arts et Métiers. Francais, anglais, italien, portugais et espagnol
18135	Spacious , Cosy,  Elegantly Furnished with Antiques will make your stay Enjoyable	Paris Marais Pompidou Museum area :  Large Elegant Apartment with high ceilings elegantly furnished ,very Large Double Reception room ,1 eat in Kitchen .one double bedroom  and one single bedroom  appartment size is 109 Sq Meters  ,Fantastic Location
18136	The apartment is in the same beautiful building as a prestigious contemporary art gallery.	A few steps from the Picasso Museum, the apartment, on the 5th floor of a wonderful building, is bathed in natural light with views on to a beautiful courtyard and Paris rooftops. The furniture is a stylish mixture of designer and mid-century modern. The apartment is in the same beautiful building as a prestigious contemporary art gallery. Positioned in the middle of the achingly cool and hip 'haut Marais' the apartment is surrounded by amazing artisanal shops, boutiques, restaurants and bars.  Minutes from Merci - Paris' most celebrated concept store, it is also within walking distance from  Place Des Voges Paris' most oldest and beautiful square.  The second bedroom is actually the small living room in the photographs - it is an entirely separate room from the main living/kitchen area.  The second bed, which is in this room is a very expensive and comfy double sofa-bed (I've slept on it and can vouch for this).
18137		Your escapade begins in the splendid courtyard of a Parisian Hotel Particulier. You will be instantly enthralled by this gorgeous loft, recently renovated and decorated with taste. Here, the very soul of 19th century Paris radiates. Please note that a 50 euros extra fee is applicable for check-in after 7 pm during the week and all day long on sundays and bank holidays  The extra fee is applicable for check out before 8:30 am during the week and all day long on sundays and bank holidays
18138		        Large room center of Paris, exposed wooden beams, ideal for 2 people. Very well located, near subway station arts et métiers and République, 10 min walk to Châtelet. Métro 3, 11, 5, 9, 8.                   
18139	Nice privent room decorated in  an appartement with privent WC, shower and kitchen to share with the owner, very quite. The appartement is in the center of Paris, metro and buses are juste in front, restaurant and shooping are juste doune of the building.	Nice privent room decorated in  an appartement with privent WC, shower and kitchen to share with the owner, very quite. The appartement is in the center of Paris, metro and buses are juste in front, restaurant and shooping are juste doune of the building.
18140	four room cosy apart 1070 double sitting-room with 2 divan beds dining-room  open kitchen one large bedroom with  double bed new bathroom new toilets no-smoking apartment  no animals` TV - WIFI totally refurbished by architect  we kept the genuine stained glass windows of Haussmann first loor  elevator  quietness we are in the center of Paris le Marais, busy and fashionable young area very pleasant and convenient ,from here you can take buses , the metro,, even walk to visit Paris and its museums many shops,  supermarkets, market every day  restaurants cafés open late at night 	apartamento de 4 cuartos 97 M° classico y moderna  decorado por architecto, dos chimeneas y vidrio de colores autenticos , pero cocina muy moderna con todas las maquinas,en el centro historico de Paris cerca de  Plaza des Vosges  Pompidou center Park four room cosy apart 1070 double sitting-room with 2 divan beds dining-room  open kitchen one large bedroom with  double bed new bathroom new toilets no-smoking apartment  no animals` TV - WIFI totally refurbished by architect  we kept the genuine stained glass windows of Haussmann first loor  elevator  quietness we are in the center of Paris le Marais, busy and fashionable young area very pleasant and convenient ,from here you can take buses , the metro,, even walk to visit Paris and its museums many shops,  supermarkets, market every day  restaurants cafés open late at night You will be welcome by the hostess a cousin or niece available in Paris at any time metro St Sebastien Froissart  buses 96,20,65  distances are short Paris is a smal
18141	This 32m2 apartment can accept 4 people with a fully equipped kitchen and there is a wash-machine. It is really calm and confortable.	Located in the heart of Paris, close to Centre Pompidou and musée Picasso, the apartment is perfect to discover the city. Bright, calm and fully equipped équipé, it can receive until 4 visitors. This 32m2 apartment can accept 4 people with a fully equipped kitchen and there is a wash-machine. It is really calm and confortable. Visitors are accessed to TV, Radio, Wifi, music player. I will be there to receive my visitors, to show them the apartment and to answer to their questions. Le Marais is a trendy and fashion neighborhood. One of the oldiest neighborhood of Paris, it's almost entirely pedestrian and really nice for walking. The street is one of the most quiet of the neighborhood. Metro Line 1 St Paul/le Marais 7/8 minutes Metro Line 1 Hotel de Ville 7/8 minutes Metro Line  3, 5, 8, 9 et 11 Republique 5 minutes Metro Line 3 et 11 Arts et Métiers 7/8 minutes Bus (phone number hidden). Important : the apartment is on the 6th floor and there is no elevator.
18142	The apartment is ideally located in the 3rd district, as you will be in the heart of Paris. 	The apartment is ideally located in the 3rd district, as you will be in the heart of Paris.  The arrival at the apartment will be facilitated by a document in which you will find all the information to get there, whatever your place of arrival (Airports CDG, ORY, BVA, Gare Du Nord). The apartment is ideally located as it gives access to 3 lines (Arts & Métiers), 4 (Reaumur Sebastopol) and 11 (Rambuteau). The Republic Square is 8 minutes by walk and also provides access to lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11.
18143	This beautiful 130 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms, an impressive lounge / dining room, a kitchen, a nice bathroom and separate toilet. You will be amazed by the volumes of this apartment, its high ceilings, its brightness thanks also to its large windows. The lobby opens onto a lavish living room, very spacious and comfortable. On the living area you will find two beautiful sofas - the white leather one is a sofa bed (two sleeps 140x190)- a chair with ottoman, a beautiful coffee table with minimalist graphic lines and a large flat television with cable TV channels. Guests can enjoy a work area equipped with a desk and a chair under the window overlooking the courtyard. Perfect for working out of the way while keeping an eye on the living-room! On the dining area, a modern dining table will accommodate up to eight people. This spacious room has numerous storage spaces, shelves and hanging space, which will be more than welcome in case of a long stay ! The kitchen is open on the	This sumptuous 130 sqm 2-bedroom apartment will suit any family looking for a high standing pied-à-terre. Contemporary and recently renovated, located in the heart of Le Marais area in Paris, perfect for short and long stays. This beautiful 130 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms, an impressive lounge / dining room, a kitchen, a nice bathroom and separate toilet. You will be amazed by the volumes of this apartment, its high ceilings, its brightness thanks also to its large windows. The lobby opens onto a lavish living room, very spacious and comfortable. On the living area you will find two beautiful sofas - the white leather one is a sofa bed (two sleeps 140x190)- a chair with ottoman, a beautiful coffee table with minimalist graphic lines and a large flat television with cable TV channels. Guests can enjoy a work area equipped with a desk and a chair under the window overlooking the courtyard. Perfect for working out of the way while keeping an eye on the living-room! On the dini
18144	STANDING This apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a building with lift. The access is made safe by a door code and an intercom. The windows of the bedroom give on a quiet courtyard. You will sleep in a really quiet environment then. LAYOUT This 40sqm apartment has two rooms. The bedroom has a double bed (140x200), a large wardrobe to store your clothes and a desk, useful if you need to work in peace. The windows give on a backside courtyard. You will have a chance to sleep quietly. The living-room is at the end of the corridor, it has two couches. One of them is a sofabed (140x200). Another desk will enable you to work in the living-room, but it will not be suitable for four people to sit. The windows give on Gravilliers Street, but the double glazed windows will protect you from the outside noise. From the corridor you will also reach the bathroom, located between the bedroom and the living-room. It has a bathtub. The fitted kitchen is modern, accessible from the entrance hall. S	Charming 1-bedroom Paris apartment, for four people to rent in Paris, in Le Marais. This district is the centre of life and activities by day and night and you can enjoy it from the calm, peaceful, functional Paris flat. STANDING This apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a building with lift. The access is made safe by a door code and an intercom. The windows of the bedroom give on a quiet courtyard. You will sleep in a really quiet environment then. LAYOUT This 40sqm apartment has two rooms. The bedroom has a double bed (140x200), a large wardrobe to store your clothes and a desk, useful if you need to work in peace. The windows give on a backside courtyard. You will have a chance to sleep quietly. The living-room is at the end of the corridor, it has two couches. One of them is a sofabed (140x200). Another desk will enable you to work in the living-room, but it will not be suitable for four people to sit. The windows give on Gravilliers Street, but the double glazed windows will 
18145	This comfortable garden style loft is based in a fabulous part of the Marais, very central,close to famous marché des enfants rouges  and rue de Bretagne , safe area, good shopping nearby, within short walk to  cafes, fruit market, laundromat and post office, several metro stations on different lines, making it easy to get around Paris. The location is terrific! Lovely, clean, very bright and spacious, furnished to a good standard with many stylish touches as a new iPod dock! The layout is interesting and cosy. This Paris vacation rental is a great place to stay! General apartment description: - Furnished rentals paris le marais Le Marais 75003 Paris  - 1800's Building, Ground Floor, without Lift, entry code security system, 2 Bedrooms Apartment, furnished, Approx: 50m² / 484 Sq.Ft., superintendent.  - Hardwood floors, visible beams.  Apartment appliances and equipment: - Linen provided, Domestic iron, Vacuum cleaner.  - Refrigerator, Cooking rings, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pi	This comfortable garden style loft is based in a fabulous part of the Marais, very central,close to famous marché des enfants rouges  and rue de Bretagne , safe area, good shopping nearby, within short walk to  cafes, fruit market, laundromat and post office, several metro stations on different lines, making it easy to get around Paris. The location is terrific! Lovely, clean, very bright and spacious, furnished to a good standard with many stylish touches as a new iPod dock! The layout is interesting and cosy. This Paris vacation rental is a great place to stay! General apartment description: - Furnished rentals paris le marais Le Marais 75003 Paris  - 1800's Building, Ground Floor, without Lift, entry code security system, 2 Bedrooms Apartment, furnished, Approx: 50m² / 484 Sq.Ft., superintendent.  - Hardwood floors, visible beams.  Apartment appliances and equipment: - Linen provided, Domestic iron, Vacuum cleaner.  - Refrigerator, Cooking rings, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pi
18146	A 20 sq meters (210 sq feet) studio ideally located on a quiet court yard next to the Picasso Museum in le Marais. For the  bedding, you have the choice between 2 single beds or one double bed.  A spotless bathroom with a large shower. You also have a hair dryer, a heated towel-rack, and an electric water-heater. Towels are provided.	"Next to Picasso Museum, this fully renovated and furnished studio located in a charming 17th century building lies in a close proximity to many art galleries, sunny outdoor brasseries and to the most ""chic"" shops of the Rue des Francs Bourgeois. A 20 sq meters (210 sq feet) studio ideally located on a quiet court yard next to the Picasso Museum in le Marais. For the  bedding, you have the choice between 2 single beds or one double bed.  A spotless bathroom with a large shower. You also have a hair dryer, a heated towel-rack, and an electric water-heater. Towels are provided. I will be happy to meet you personally at the studio and to give you all the information you need to spend a great time in Paris. A unique neighbourhood: beautiful, central, lively, quiet and secure. The ""rue de Thorigny"" is one of several streets in this area famous for their beauty. You will be staying next to gorgeous historical houses, to many fantastic and interesting art galleries and, of course, to the very "
18147	Situé au 1er étage avec ascenseur, cet appartement est composé de: - 2 chambres spacieuses. L'un avec lit double (160 x 200 cm), l'autre chambre avec 2 lits simples. Une des chambres est équipé d'un ordinateur - 1 salon composé d'un canapé-lit, TV à écran plat avec plus de 100 chaînes - 1 cuisine ouverte toute équipée (cuisson à induction, fours, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, fer et planche à repasser, casseroles, pots, couverts).  - Double vitrage dans toutes les chambres  - 1 salle de douche fonctionnelle (lavabo, douche, sèche-cheveux, toilettes, lave-linge) - Connexion Internet haut débit et WiFi rapide, vous pourrez naviguer sur Internet en toute tranquillité dans tout l'appartement Linge de lit et les serviettes sont fournis. Idéal pour les groupes 2 à 6 personnes. L'appartement est situé dans un bâtiment avec des co-propriétaires, il est important de respecter le voisinage. Les fêtes ne sont pas autorisés Idéalement situé avec une station de métro à moins de 5 minutes	    Découvrez Paris dans un bel appartement entièrement rénové et décoré avec goût dans un immeuble avec ascenseur Au coeur de Paris, vous allez adorer le charme de cet appartement lumineux et confortable.                  Situé au 1er étage avec ascenseur, cet appartement est composé de: - 2 chambres spacieuses. L'un avec lit double (160 x 200 cm), l'autre chambre avec 2 lits simples. Une des chambres est équipé d'un ordinateur - 1 salon composé d'un canapé-lit, TV à écran plat avec plus de 100 chaînes - 1 cuisine ouverte toute équipée (cuisson à induction, fours, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, fer et planche à repasser, casseroles, pots, couverts).  - Double vitrage dans toutes les chambres  - 1 salle de douche fonctionnelle (lavabo, douche, sèche-cheveux, toilettes, lave-linge) - Connexion Internet haut débit et WiFi rapide, vous pourrez naviguer sur Internet en toute tranquillité dans tout l'appartement Linge de lit et les serviettes sont fournis. Idéal pour les groupes 2
18148	Equipement : - Congelateur - Refrigerateur - Micro onde - Four - Cafetière - Commode - Armoire - Télévision - Machine à laver  - lit pliant  - Volet électrique  - Baignoire - Table basse	Profitez d'un endroit calme et agréable pour votre séjour à Paris. L'appartement est idéalement situé, et vous pourrez profiter de boutiques branchées, de restaurants, cafés, brasserie, friperie et aussi de nombreuse galerie d'art. FRAIS POUR L'ETE ! Equipement : - Congelateur - Refrigerateur - Micro onde - Four - Cafetière - Commode - Armoire - Télévision - Machine à laver  - lit pliant  - Volet électrique  - Baignoire - Table basse Logement intégral - Nombreuses galeries d'art - Bars et restaurants branchés - Friperies - Magasins chics - Nombreux commerces - Musée picasso - Musée Carnavalet - Près du marais (boite) - Proche d'hôtel de ville et châtelet  - Centre Pompidou - Place de la république - Carreau du temple Ligne 8  Nombreux bus Ligne 1 a 10 minutes
18149	The flat is located in the heart of Paris, rue Meslay, in the Temple neighberhood. Between the metro Strasbourg St Denis, the metro Republique, and the metro Temple, you can go evry where in Paris, very quick. By feet, you can walk in the Marais (Beaubourg is ten minutes far), in the Canal St Martin... The apartment is on the fifth floor of a beautiful old building. No elevator, up the stairs is a small effort to make, but that will be truly rewarded. At the top you will find one of the best terraces in Paris, facing south, without vis-à-vis, with views across the south of the city.The apartment is set around the patio. Bright, quiet, fully renovated, it is perfectly equipped. In the flat, you'll rent a private room, very confortable, bright (one balcon). There is two bathrooms in the flat, so you'll be very independant. The sofa bed in the room is so confortable you'll see. You will find in the apartment a guide advising you the area and places. See you soon, Corinne	The flat is located in the heart of Paris, rue Meslay, in the Temple neighberhood. Between the metro Strasbourg St Denis, the metro Republique, and the metro Temple, you can go evry where in Paris, very quick. By feet, you can walk in the Marais (Beaubourg is ten minutes far), in the Canal St Martin... The apartment is on the fifth floor of a beautiful old building. No elevator, up the stairs is a small effort to make, but that will be truly rewarded. At the top you will find one of the best terraces in Paris, facing south, without vis-à-vis, with views across the south of the city.The apartment is set around the patio. Bright, quiet, fully renovated, it is perfectly equipped. In the flat, you'll rent a private room, very confortable, bright (one balcon). There is two bathrooms in the flat, so you'll be very independant. The sofa bed in the room is so confortable you'll see. You will find in the apartment a guide advising you the area and places. See you soon, Corinne
18150	The flat is located in the heart of Paris, rue Meslay, in the Temple neighberhood. Between the metro Strasbourg St Denis, the metro Republique, and the metro Temple, you can go evry where in Paris, very quick. By feet, you can walk in the Marais (Beaubourg is ten minutes far), in the Canal St Martin... The apartment is on the fifth floor of a beautiful old building. No elevator, up the stairs is a small effort to make, but that will be truly rewarded. At the top you will find one of the best terraces in Paris, facing south, without vis-à-vis, with views across the south of the city.The apartment is set around the patio. Bright, quiet, fully renovated, it is perfectly equipped. In the flat, you'll rent a private room, very confortable, bright (two balcons), with a personnal and seperate toilets and bathroom. You will find in the apartment guide to the area and places. See you soon, Corinne	The flat is located in the heart of Paris, rue Meslay, in the Temple neighberhood. Between the metro Strasbourg St Denis, the metro Republique, and the metro Temple, you can go evry where in Paris, very quick. By feet, you can walk in the Marais (Beaubourg is ten minutes far), in the Canal St Martin... The apartment is on the fifth floor of a beautiful old building. No elevator, up the stairs is a small effort to make, but that will be truly rewarded. At the top you will find one of the best terraces in Paris, facing south, without vis-à-vis, with views across the south of the city.The apartment is set around the patio. Bright, quiet, fully renovated, it is perfectly equipped. In the flat, you'll rent a private room, very confortable, bright (two balcons), with a personnal and seperate toilets and bathroom. You will find in the apartment guide to the area and places. See you soon, Corinne
18151		Entre République, Temple, Arts et métiers. Au centre du Nord Marais. Charmant appartement parisien de 45m2. Tout confort.
18152	Looking for a love nest in the romantic district of Paris ?  Well here it is ;-)  This flat is located in the heart of LE MARAIS, in a XVIIth CENTURY BUILDING, similar to the NATIONAL HERITAGE BUILDINGS of neighbouring Place des Vosges. The flat overlooks a lovely charming PARK and reconciles the CHARMS of the ancient settings with the up-to-date equipment and facilities. The flat provides everything you expect in order to relax and enjoy... as well as HIGH SPEED WIFI.	FEEL LIKE HOME in my cosy, authentic parisian flat, according to our guests, maybe THE BEST PLACE TO DISCOVER PARIS ! Looking for a love nest in the romantic district of Paris ?  Well here it is ;-)  This flat is located in the heart of LE MARAIS, in a XVIIth CENTURY BUILDING, similar to the NATIONAL HERITAGE BUILDINGS of neighbouring Place des Vosges. The flat overlooks a lovely charming PARK and reconciles the CHARMS of the ancient settings with the up-to-date equipment and facilities. The flat provides everything you expect in order to relax and enjoy... as well as HIGH SPEED WIFI. WHAT YOU WILL FIND INSIDE THE FLAT:  ------------------------------------------------  *** EVERYTHING IS INCLUDED, NO EXTRA CHARGE ***  * Complementary access to INTERNET with HIGH SPEED WIFi  * living room with table and chairs  * Flat screen TV * 1 queen size bed (comfortable 140x200 cm Latex mattress of BULTEX brand).  * bathroom with shower & toilet ( hairdryer provided ).  * fully furnished kitchen. 
18153	Fully equipped and spacious apartment in the city heart of Paris near by Beaubourg, Le Marais and Etienne Marcel. The apartment is close to many supermarkets, restaurants, museum, shopping area and transportations.	Charming apartment 5 min away from Beaubourg and very central for transportations, shopping area, restaurants and museums. Comfortable living room of 20m2 feet, bathroom, fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with king size bed, closet space. Fully equipped and spacious apartment in the city heart of Paris near by Beaubourg, Le Marais and Etienne Marcel. The apartment is close to many supermarkets, restaurants, museum, shopping area and transportations. * 4th floor (no lift) * 100% private apartment all to yourself!  * 2 minutes by walk from Centre Georges Pompidou * Many Restaurants, Shopping, Cafes * Free WiFi (super fast internet!)  * Super Comfy Bed - King size  * Clean linens, towels for each guest.  * Full Kitchen * Fridge  * Heater
18154	Hello, I entrust my charming duplex apartment to you located in a typical Parisian building on the 5th floor with elevator. It is very bright and in the evening you can go to sleep in peace, it does not lead the street but on an inner courtyard. Ideal for 2 but capacity for up to 4 people. 1 real bed 2 places upstairs and a large pull out couch in the stay. € 20 per person per night after the second traveller. Detailed Description: Lounge / open kitchen, induction cooker. Dishwasher. Fridge. Electric kettle. Frying pans, saucepans, plates, cutlery, kitchen utensils .. No oven or microwave oven. (frozen food is bad for your health ;) Sofa, TV, coffee table.  Sleeping / Upstairs bed 2 places, toilets, bathroom and shower. Shampoo, gel shower, hairdryer. Bed linen and towels provided.	The apartment is a charming studio organized in duplex in a beautiful Parisian building.   It is located in the heart of Paris, between the pedestrian Montorgueil, the Beaubourg Museum, Marais and low and the trendy rue de Bretagne. Hello, I entrust my charming duplex apartment to you located in a typical Parisian building on the 5th floor with elevator. It is very bright and in the evening you can go to sleep in peace, it does not lead the street but on an inner courtyard. Ideal for 2 but capacity for up to 4 people. 1 real bed 2 places upstairs and a large pull out couch in the stay. € 20 per person per night after the second traveller. Detailed Description: Lounge / open kitchen, induction cooker. Dishwasher. Fridge. Electric kettle. Frying pans, saucepans, plates, cutlery, kitchen utensils .. No oven or microwave oven. (frozen food is bad for your health ;) Sofa, TV, coffee table.  Sleeping / Upstairs bed 2 places, toilets, bathroom and shower. Shampoo, gel shower, hairdryer. Bed l
18155	"A few steps from the ""Place des Vosges"", the studio, in a recently renovated building, is ideally located for exploring the architecture of the city and most tourist sites, visiting art galleries, shopping and enjoying the quality of life of the Marais, the center Paris. The apartment is charming, tastefully furnished. We choose quality items to create a stylish and contemporary atmosphere. Although  the apartment overlooks the courtyard and is very quiet. The studio fits for 1 or 2 persons. The price is 100euros per night which includes essentiels ( sheets, towels, toilet paper, etc. ). Add 50euros per the cleaning.  ----- The apartment is on the 6th floor (elevator to the 5th) courtyard, with elegant decor. It is a real little hideout in the heart of bustling.  It consists of a main room with:  - Sleeping area with double bed 1m60  - Living room (convertible sofa 1 place extra)  - Library  - Table duo  - Small area kitchen with 2 hotplates, mini-fridge, mini-dishwasher, mini washing "	"Charming studio under the roofs, very cozy and very quiet for a stay in the historic Marais district. With an easy access to subway (3 minutes to Saint-Paul ), you will enjoy Paris better than somewhere else !  A few steps from the ""Place des Vosges"", the studio, in a recently renovated building, is ideally located for exploring the architecture of the city and most tourist sites, visiting art galleries, shopping and enjoying the quality of life of the Marais, the center Paris. The apartment is charming, tastefully furnished. We choose quality items to create a stylish and contemporary atmosphere. Although  the apartment overlooks the courtyard and is very quiet. The studio fits for 1 or 2 persons. The price is 100euros per night which includes essentiels ( sheets, towels, toilet paper, etc. ). Add 50euros per the cleaning.  ----- The apartment is on the 6th floor (elevator to the 5th) courtyard, with elegant decor. It is a real little hideout in the heart of bustling.  It consists of "
18156	an entrance with separate toilet overlooking a long corridor leading to an office and a bedroom. the pieces are glazed to bring the maximum brightness very atypical / very industrial a clean bathroom with a fitted shower. a fitted kitchen with ceramic hob , fridge and a new oven . The living room consists of a large comfortable sofa to watch TV on demand and hundreds of movies (free) and a dining table that seats 6 people for convivial meals	"Flat of 61 square meter with one bedroom, an office, a bathroom with separate toilet. A true double bed and a sofa bed for a couple Place de la République : a real Subway Hub the heart of ""Rive Droite"" In the middle of 5 charming quartiers an entrance with separate toilet overlooking a long corridor leading to an office and a bedroom. the pieces are glazed to bring the maximum brightness very atypical / very industrial a clean bathroom with a fitted shower. a fitted kitchen with ceramic hob , fridge and a new oven . The living room consists of a large comfortable sofa to watch TV on demand and hundreds of movies (free) and a dining table that seats 6 people for convivial meals my house is yours I put my personal belongings in one of two closets in the entrance and two wardrobes of the dressing The place of the republic is the heart of the "" Rive Droite "" .  it is also since January 11, 2015, a historic site where the movement was born "" Je Suis charlie"" .  It is the neuralgic point of "
18157	The studio flat is very bright with a a large balcony. Plus, after discovering the city you can enjoy some relaxing time in the multi jet shower!	This studio flat is ideally situated in the heart of the lovely and trendy Canal St Martin, which is one of the Paris' most lively neighbourhood. You are a few  walking minutes away from the trendiest hotspots like Chez Prune, Comptoir Général or Le Coq.  The studio flat is very bright with a a large balcony. Plus, after discovering the city you can enjoy some relaxing time in the multi jet shower! Everything! I will give my mobile number to the guests so they can contact me whenever they want if they need some informations about the flat or want to know a cool place where they can hang out!
18158	Well situated in Le Marais (Métro République, Oberkampf ou Filles du Calvaire), in the 17 century building, I rent my flat occasionally. It's at the 4th and last floor (without lift) and it's is therefore very quite and luminous, with many windows in every rooms. Entirely renovated, its surface is about 65 m2 divided in 2 levels. At the first floor, a corridor deserves a bathroom: a small bath, toilets, sink and 2 windows. Then comes the bedroom (about 15 m2): a double bed, a chair, a table, a fireplace and a window on the courtyard, with a small balcony. You come then in the living room (25 m2) furnitshed with a sofa (witch converts itself in a confortable bed for 1 person), 2 chairs, small tables, à dining table + 4 chairs. The american kitchen is opened on the main room. Well equipped with a oven, cooking, fridge, washing machines for dishes and clothes. All the necessary dishes to cook are available. Wooden stairs lead to the mezzanine where the 2 children are (for a 4/6 and a 8/10	Well situated in Le Marais (Métro République, Oberkampf ou Filles du Calvaire), in the 17 century building, I rent my flat occasionally. It's at the 4th and last floor (without lift) and it's is therefore very quite and luminous, with many windows in every rooms. Entirely renovated, its surface is about 65 m2 divided in 2 levels. At the first floor, a corridor deserves a bathroom: a small bath, toilets, sink and 2 windows. Then comes the bedroom (about 15 m2): a double bed, a chair, a table, a fireplace and a window on the courtyard, with a small balcony. You come then in the living room (25 m2) furnitshed with a sofa (witch converts itself in a confortable bed for 1 person), 2 chairs, small tables, à dining table + 4 chairs. The american kitchen is opened on the main room. Well equipped with a oven, cooking, fridge, washing machines for dishes and clothes. All the necessary dishes to cook are available. Wooden stairs lead to the mezzanine where the 2 children are (for a 4/6 and a 8/10
18159		Located Rue des Rosiers Ideally calm, both windows gives on a lovely courtyard. The main advantages that offers you this holiday accommodation is its natural brightness and its localization in one of Paris's most appreciated districts.
18160	Paris 3rd arrondissement Marais - Bretagne   This studio/apartment is located in rue Commines, a street located in the north east of Marais, right angles to Boulevard Filles du Calvaire and rue de Bretagne, just a stone's throw from Place de la Republique and Square du Temple. This cosy rental studio is on the first French (Second American) floor of a very  typically « Parisien Marais » building (that does not have an elevator). It consists of a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. The Living room is furnished by a double bed, a sofa convertible in a bed for a third person, a table for 4 people and minor furnishing. The separate kitchen is fully equipped vitro ceramic burners, a fridge with freezer, microwave, coffee maker, water boiler, toaster, all kitchen utensils. The bathroom has tub with shower, wash basin and WC, and clothes washer.	This cosy rental studio consists of a living room, an equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower, wash basin and WC. The Living room is furnished by a double bed, a sofa convertible, a table for 4 people and minor furnishings. Our reception team will receive the guest at the apartment and will assist them during their stay This studio/apartment is located in rue Commines, a street located in the north east of Marais, right angles to Boulevard Filles du Calvaire and rue de Bretagne, just a stone's throw from Place de la Republique and Square du Temple on one side and Place de la Republique on the other side. The nearest Metro station is Filles du Calvaire (line 8)
18161	Very well located  Cosy studio of 312 sqft , up to 3 people Located on first floor by stairs  Nespresso machine available Kettle  Toaster	Charming and fully renovated studio in the real heart of Le Marais ( historical neighborhood) . Everything you need in walking distance . Very quiet and cosy . Subway located at 5 minutes . Enjoy the modern kitchen for dinner as a real Parisian . Very well located  Cosy studio of 312 sqft , up to 3 people Located on first floor by stairs  Nespresso machine available Kettle  Toaster Full apartment  Available for any question Historical neighborhood of Le Marais . Walking distance  to : Marchè des enfants rouge 2 minutes Place des Vosges 12 minutes  Picasso museum 9 minutes  Saint Paul 10 minutes  Cafe Charlot 1 minute Nanashi  1 minute  Chouettes Restaurant 2 minutes By subway from airport or train station  Public car park available in the street  Pets on demand 
18162	LOFT of 50 m 2, on the 2nd and last floor, overlooking a wooded courtyard, very quiet. Bath of light provided by 4 vélux and a window, beautiful view on the roofs of Paris! The kitchen is completely equipped (oven, micro wave, plates induction, small oven, coffee machine Nespresso, kettle, toaster - dishwasher, washing machine,...). Shower, wc separate, stay with internet, wifi, TV and radio. sheets and towels are provided. In the immediate vicinity of the apartment, you will find all the shops you need: bakeries, Delicatessens, G20 supermarket 200 m, cheese, wine merchants, caterers... Near place des Vosges, in the heart of Paris, the historic district of the Marsh full of monuments, galleries, beautiful streets and museums. Connected and living, it offers a wide selection of beautiful cafés, restaurants of all types and animated bars, and a host of fashion boutiques. Metro saint Paul (line 1, quick and direct to the Champs Elysees, defence, Bastille, Nation, Vincennes) and Metro road	LOFT of 50 m2, on the 2nd and last floor, overlooking a wooded courtyard, very quiet. Bath of light provided by 4 velux and a window, beautiful view on the roof of Paris ! The kitchen is completly equiped (oven, micro wave, plates induction, coffe machine nespresso, kettle, toaster - disshawer, washingmachine...). LOFT of 50 m 2, on the 2nd and last floor, overlooking a wooded courtyard, very quiet. Bath of light provided by 4 vélux and a window, beautiful view on the roofs of Paris! The kitchen is completely equipped (oven, micro wave, plates induction, small oven, coffee machine Nespresso, kettle, toaster - dishwasher, washing machine,...). Shower, wc separate, stay with internet, wifi, TV and radio. sheets and towels are provided. In the immediate vicinity of the apartment, you will find all the shops you need: bakeries, Delicatessens, G20 supermarket 200 m, cheese, wine merchants, caterers... Near place des Vosges, in the heart of Paris, the historic district of the Marsh full of m
18163		Studio charmant avec poutres et moulure. Salle de bain avec baignoire et cuisine séparée par un couloir. Un lit en mezzanine une place et un canapé-lit deux places. Idéalement situé, à deux pas du Marais ou du quartier Montorgueil.
18164	"Studio of 27m² in the upper side of le Marais Near the heart of Paris, in a shopping street. Bright and relaxing on the 5th floor in one of the best district of Paris. The view from the window is on a park (Square du Temple) in front of the town hall of the 3e arrondissement, you can also see the cathedral Sacre Coeur. There is a lift to access the flat. Separate kitchen with: - Fridge - Micro wave / Oven - Dishwasher  - Induction hob - Nespresso Separate bathroom with: - Toilet - Shower - Washing machine - Dryer machine - Freezer In the main room there is a convertible sofa / bed for 2 people and i can provide 1 extra bed. - One TV - ""Bose"" Speaker, you can plug your device (phone/computer...etc) Other things to note: - Free wifi internet connection (optic fiber) - Free towels and linen - Fan in the living room - Wall electric mounted heater for towels + extra heater in the bathroom - Wall electric mounted heater in the main room"	"Studio of 27m² in the upperside of Le Marais in the 3rd district. Studio of 27m² in the upper side of le Marais Near the heart of Paris, in a shopping street. Bright and relaxing on the 5th floor in one of the best district of Paris. The view from the window is on a park (Square du Temple) in front of the town hall of the 3e arrondissement, you can also see the cathedral Sacre Coeur. There is a lift to access the flat. Separate kitchen with: - Fridge - Micro wave / Oven - Dishwasher  - Induction hob - Nespresso Separate bathroom with: - Toilet - Shower - Washing machine - Dryer machine - Freezer In the main room there is a convertible sofa / bed for 2 people and i can provide 1 extra bed. - One TV - ""Bose"" Speaker, you can plug your device (phone/computer...etc) Other things to note: - Free wifi internet connection (optic fiber) - Free towels and linen - Fan in the living room - Wall electric mounted heater for towels + extra heater in the bathroom - Wall electric mounted heater in the"
18165	"A typical Parisian appartment at the 6th floor (lift going from 1st floor to 5th floor only!) including a living room, a bathroom with bathtub, a kitchen and two bedrooms for up to 4 people. Unique postcard view in the heart of Paris from 5 typically ""haussmanian"" balconies which will allow you to contemplate some famous historical monuments (Eiffel Tower, The Marrianne statue of Place de la Républic & Sacré Coeur Basilica) day and night. I will be happy to share my best addresses  in ""Le Marais""! If you have any question, do not hesitate to contact me ! ;-)"	"Cher(e)s futures hôtes,  Au dernier étage d'un appartement Haussmanien,je vous propose d'y admirer une vue unique à la fois sur la place de la République et sur la Tour Eiffel au carrefour d'un Paris vivant et renaissant:Marais,La Seine,Beaubourg... A typical Parisian appartment at the 6th floor (lift going from 1st floor to 5th floor only!) including a living room, a bathroom with bathtub, a kitchen and two bedrooms for up to 4 people. Unique postcard view in the heart of Paris from 5 typically ""haussmanian"" balconies which will allow you to contemplate some famous historical monuments (Eiffel Tower, The Marrianne statue of Place de la Républic & Sacré Coeur Basilica) day and night. I will be happy to share my best addresses  in ""Le Marais""! If you have any question, do not hesitate to contact me ! ;-) Equipment: Free high speed internet + wifi, TV, free access to DVDs and CDs, Massage chair !, Air conditioning, Piano, equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, pots, pans, toaster, coffee mac"
18166	Atypical duplex in the north of Marais near the Conservatory of Arts and Crafts at 10 minutes from the Pompidou Centre. Located on the ground floor of a 18-th century building completely renovated in a quiet street with art galleries, restaurants and designer shops. You will be able to fully experience the diversity of the cultural life of Paris and mainly  the historical Le Marais district. Located in the triangle drawn by the Metro Arts et Métiers, Reaumur Sebastopol and  Republique. It can comfortably accommodate four people on two floors (ground floor and basement -. allowing a pleasant temperature in summer )Many storage spaces have also been provided to make your stay enjoyable. The apartment has a kitchen equipped with everything needed to prepare meals, which opens to the main room. The lounge area (very light - three double glazed windows) has a dining table with four folding chairs, a sofa bed of two places , a bar with three chairs, a TV screen,  a free wireless internet con	Atypical duplex for 4 persons in the north of Marais, in the new design neigborhood La jeune Rue in the center of Paris at 10 minutes from the Pompidou Centre. Atypical duplex in the north of Marais near the Conservatory of Arts and Crafts at 10 minutes from the Pompidou Centre. Located on the ground floor of a 18-th century building completely renovated in a quiet street with art galleries, restaurants and designer shops. You will be able to fully experience the diversity of the cultural life of Paris and mainly  the historical Le Marais district. Located in the triangle drawn by the Metro Arts et Métiers, Reaumur Sebastopol and  Republique. It can comfortably accommodate four people on two floors (ground floor and basement -. allowing a pleasant temperature in summer )Many storage spaces have also been provided to make your stay enjoyable. The apartment has a kitchen equipped with everything needed to prepare meals, which opens to the main room. The lounge area (very light - three do
18167	May I offer you an apartment in a secure building in old Paris?  South exposure facing an open courtyard.  Very quiet cosmopolitan neighborhood appreciated by artists (museums, galleries, theaters). Many restaurants, bars, food courts of all kinds, organic, meats ,vegetables, bakeries.  You will find yourself in the heart of Paris, very close to the Marais and Bastille.  15 minutes walk to Beaubourg museum 25 minutes walk to Notre Dame at 2 kms  35 minutes walkto Montmartre at 3kms  35 minutes walk to the Louvre at 3 kms If you prefer to take the Metro, there are 3 stations close by:  Republique---5 lines  Oberkampf----2 lines  Filles du Calvaire---1 ligne Direct lines to the Eiffel Tower/Trocadero, Champs Elysees, Opera, Madeleine. Notre- Dame, Hotel de Ville,Invalides (musee d'Orsay) Many amenities: dishwasher, washing-drying machine, microwave, induction cooktop, espresso machine,toaster iron and ironing board,hairdryer, LCD TV, DVD, Internet WIFI , support Ipod  with FM Radio,  Lan	May I offer you an apartment in a secure building in old Paris?  South exposure facing an open courtyard.  Very quiet cosmopolitan neighborhood appreciated by artists (museums, galleries, theaters). Many restaurants, bars, food courts of all kinds, organic, meats ,vegetables, bakeries.  You will find yourself in the heart of Paris, very close to the Marais and Bastille.  15 minutes walk to Beaubourg museum 25 minutes walk to Notre Dame at 2 kms  35 minutes walkto Montmartre at 3kms  35 minutes walk to the Louvre at 3 kms If you prefer to take the Metro, there are 3 stations close by:  Republique---5 lines  Oberkampf----2 lines  Filles du Calvaire---1 ligne Direct lines to the Eiffel Tower/Trocadero, Champs Elysees, Opera, Madeleine. Notre- Dame, Hotel de Ville,Invalides (musee d'Orsay) Many amenities: dishwasher, washing-drying machine, microwave, induction cooktop, espresso machine,toaster iron and ironing board,hairdryer, LCD TV, DVD, Internet WIFI , support Ipod  with FM Radio,  Lan
18168	The apartment it´s mega cosy, in the best area of Paris for going to restaurants, cafes and museums. Perfect for the weekend, 10 minute walk to the river seine and Notre Dame, 5 minute walk to Pompidu or Republique. 	A great, centric, and very well connected studio at Le Marais, Its a spacious studio with elavator and a big bed for two peolple, in a quite street jet in a very trendy area walking distance from most beautiful tourist spots of Paris The apartment it´s mega cosy, in the best area of Paris for going to restaurants, cafes and museums. Perfect for the weekend, 10 minute walk to the river seine and Notre Dame, 5 minute walk to Pompidu or Republique. Closer Metro it´s 200mt walk line 3 and 11 400mt walk to metro line 4 straight line to Gare du Nord 10minutes walk to Châtelet - Les Halles train station for charles de gaulle airport or Orly airport 3 supermarkets sourround the house, the closer one open till late and on Sunday mornings Super nice antique and food market in the main street during the weekend HIGH SPEED INTERNET CONECTION
18169		Metro Saint-Paul, angle rue pavee/rue des rosiers. Bel appartement tout équipé au 3e étage avec salon et cuisine américaine, wc séparés, une chambre et une salle de bain avec douche, lave linge.  Possibilité 4 couchages. Connexion wifi / tv par cable Possibilité de parking
18170	Charmant petit appartement, donnant sur cour, récemment refait à neuf et situé dans une rue calme en plein coeur du Marais (quartier central de Paris)  Le quartier du Marais regorge de petits théâtres, de musées, de petits parcs, de bons restaurants, de bars et de cafés ainsi que de boutiques de mode et de design. Vous y trouverez aussi 2 supermarchés, une supérette, laverie et le BHV (Bazar de l'Hôtel de Ville) L'appartement est tout proche de la station de métro Hôtel de ville (ligne 1) qui dessert aussi, entre autre, Bastille, St-Paul, Châtelet, Musée du Louvre, Concorde et tout les Champs Elysées.  Il est situé à deux pas de la place des Vosges, de l'église Notre Dame et du centre Georges Pompidou Beaubourg. Il possède : - Une cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur-congélateur, four, poêles, casseroles,bouilloire, grille pain, vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine) - Une salle de bain (avec serviettes), douche et toilettes - Une télévision - Un lit deux places - Internet sans câble (wifi) - Sta	Charmant petit appartement, donnant sur cour, récemment refait à neuf et situé dans une rue calme en plein coeur du Marais (quartier central de Paris)  Le quartier du Marais regorge de petits théâtres, de musées, de petits parcs, de bons restaurants, de bars et de cafés ainsi que de boutiques de mode et de design. Vous y trouverez aussi 2 supermarchés, une supérette, laverie et le BHV (Bazar de l'Hôtel de Ville) L'appartement est tout proche de la station de métro Hôtel de ville (ligne 1) qui dessert aussi, entre autre, Bastille, St-Paul, Châtelet, Musée du Louvre, Concorde et tout les Champs Elysées.  Il est situé à deux pas de la place des Vosges, de l'église Notre Dame et du centre Georges Pompidou Beaubourg. Il possède : - Une cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur-congélateur, four, poêles, casseroles,bouilloire, grille pain, vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine) - Une salle de bain (avec serviettes), douche et toilettes - Une télévision - Un lit deux places - Internet sans câble (wifi) - Sta
18171	Il est situé au coeur de Paris, dans le marais à proximité de tout 	Mon appartement est situé dans le Marais à quelques pas du Centre Pompidou au plein coeur de Paris. C'est un Studio cosy avec une capacité de deux personnes et tout ce qu'il faut pour passer un superbe séjour à Paris. Il est situé au coeur de Paris, dans le marais à proximité de tout  Je suis joignable à tout moment  Métro Rambuteau ligne 11 Checking: 14h00 Check out: 12h00
18172	"New, modern and stylish apartment in the heart of Paris, in the third arrondissement (""Haut Marais), in a neighborhood peacefull but full of bistros, pubs... Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience. Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions as well as easy access to 3 Metro stops.  The apartment is on the 5th floor (no elevator) in a typical parisian building."	"Great location for this 48 square meters one bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris - 3ème arrondissement- near ""Le Centre George Pompidou"", in a typical parisian building. Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions! Wellcome PARIS New, modern and stylish apartment in the heart of Paris, in the third arrondissement (""Haut Marais), in a neighborhood peacefull but full of bistros, pubs... Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience. Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions as well as easy access to 3 Metro stops.  The apartment is on the 5th floor (no elevator) in a typical parisian building. All the apartment: very design kitchen, confortable beds, all amenities, free Wifi, TV, DVD player, washer, hair dryer. bed linen and towels are also provided for your. I am always available to help or provide any information.  I can be reached at any time either through email, text or phone. A trully parisian neighborhood: everyth"
18173	"This apartment close to « Le Marais » is located on Chapon street, two minutes walk to the Georges Pompidou center, original cultural institution entirely vowed to the modern and contemporary creation. This apartment can host up to 2at 4 persons, you will find a very comfortable loft bed [custom made]  and cosy sofa-bed in the living-room. Separately a kitchen entirely equipped and a bathroom. The apartment is close to the metro stations ""Arts et Métiers"", ""Rambuteau"" and ""Réaumur Sébastopol "", lines 3, 4 and 11. The RER station ""Châtelet les Halles"" is also close. From there you can take the train which will brings you directly to the airports Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle. Just near the apartment you'll find a bio supermarket open till 10pm. The area is safe and lovely. You'll be close to the wonderful ""Place de l'hôtel de ville"" and the Rivoli street. In the ""rue des Francs Bourgeois"" there are plenty of nice shops. The nice ""Place des Vosges"" is also close to the apartment. Opt"	"This apartment close to « Le Marais » is located on Chapon street, two minutes walk to the Georges Pompidou center, original cultural institution entirely vowed to the modern and contemporary creation. This apartment can host up to 2at 4 persons, you will find a very comfortable loft bed [custom made]  and cosy sofa-bed in the living-room. Separately a kitchen entirely equipped and a bathroom. The apartment is close to the metro stations ""Arts et Métiers"", ""Rambuteau"" and ""Réaumur Sébastopol "", lines 3, 4 and 11. The RER station ""Châtelet les Halles"" is also close. From there you can take the train which will brings you directly to the airports Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle. Just near the apartment you'll find a bio supermarket open till 10pm. The area is safe and lovely. You'll be close to the wonderful ""Place de l'hôtel de ville"" and the Rivoli street. In the ""rue des Francs Bourgeois"" there are plenty of nice shops. The nice ""Place des Vosges"" is also close to the apartment. Opt"
18174	"Le charme des poutres apparentes, une grande hauteur sous plafond, deux mezzanines, un espace chaleureux et lumineux accompagné de tout le confort que vous désirez sauront vous accueillir. Vous vous sentirez vite comme chez vous. Deux lits doubles permettront d’accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes.    Déambuler à pied dans la ville fait parti de vos priorités ? Sachez que tous les grands sites seront à votre porté. Le canal Saint Martin, la cathédrale Notre-Dame, le centre Georges Pompidou, le Louvre, Montmartre, le quartier Bastille, une multitude de bars et de restaurants seront vos plus proches voisins.  Lovely flat, nested under the rooftops, in the heart of Paris. At the 6th floor with elevator, the space with its high ceilings was well optimized and designed to become a warm, calm and comfy  apartment for a stay in the capital.  Very convenient  for a couple  or a small group of friends.  Well located in the upper "" Marais "", you are at a walking distance from museums , shops and resta"	"Le charme des poutres apparentes, une grande hauteur sous plafond, deux mezzanines, un espace chaleureux et lumineux accompagné de tout le confort que vous désirez sauront vous accueillir. Vous vous sentirez vite comme chez vous. Deux lits doubles permettront d’accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes.    Déambuler à pied dans la ville fait parti de vos priorités ? Sachez que tous les grands sites seront à votre porté. Le canal Saint Martin, la cathédrale Notre-Dame, le centre Georges Pompidou, le Louvre, Montmartre, le quartier Bastille, une multitude de bars et de restaurants seront vos plus proches voisins.  Lovely flat, nested under the rooftops, in the heart of Paris. At the 6th floor with elevator, the space with its high ceilings was well optimized and designed to become a warm, calm and comfy  apartment for a stay in the capital.  Very convenient  for a couple  or a small group of friends.  Well located in the upper "" Marais "", you are at a walking distance from museums , shops and resta"
18175	Petit nid cosy de 25m2, spacieux et lumineux, avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Situation idéale proche des métros République et châtelet notamment. En famille ou entre amis, un séjour dans la capitale inoubliable garanti.	Quartier historique de Paris, proche metros, immeuble calme. refait à neuf récemment. Capacité 4 personnes. 6e étage avec ascenseur. Vue sur tout Paris (Sacré cœur). Petit nid cosy de 25m2, spacieux et lumineux, avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Situation idéale proche des métros République et châtelet notamment. En famille ou entre amis, un séjour dans la capitale inoubliable garanti. Canapé lit 2 places Kitchenette Lit mezzanine 2 places Placards de rangement Machine à laver le linge Draps et serviettes de toilette Douche Chauffage Wifi Nombreux commerces et restaurants à deux pas. Quartier vivant. République : lignes 3,5,8,9 (5min a pieds) Châtelet : lignes (phone number hidden) RER A/B/D (10min a pieds) Hôtel de Ville : lignes 10,11 (7min a pieds) Appartement situé dans une cour d'immeuble donc calme et paisible.
18176	With exceptional height and two large windows, the main salon, located on the entry level, features multiple original artworks as well as a spacious seating area. The salon’s focal point is a large antique tapestry, and this is paired with other unique art pieces both modern and classic. The room also offers a decorative fireplace, large area rugs, comfortable couch, and antique furnishings. Just above the salon, in a lofted area, you will find a quiet sitting area overlooking the main room. The sofa here can convert to a bed for a single guest. Sharing the first level with the salon are the kitchen, dining area, one of the three bedrooms, and a WC with washbasin. With seating for six, the marble dining table sits before a double window and is also lit by a contemporary chandelier. Separated from the dining area by a tall bar, the kitchen is fully equipped and features tile floors, a lovely curio shelf with antique items, and lots of cabinet and counter space. The bedroom on this level	This three bedroom, three-story apartment with mezzanine levels has high ceilings with expose beams, tall windows, antique French oak floors, wrought iron details the apartment is located in a listed 17th century building. With exceptional height and two large windows, the main salon, located on the entry level, features multiple original artworks as well as a spacious seating area. The salon’s focal point is a large antique tapestry, and this is paired with other unique art pieces both modern and classic. The room also offers a decorative fireplace, large area rugs, comfortable couch, and antique furnishings. Just above the salon, in a lofted area, you will find a quiet sitting area overlooking the main room. The sofa here can convert to a bed for a single guest. Sharing the first level with the salon are the kitchen, dining area, one of the three bedrooms, and a WC with washbasin. With seating for six, the marble dining table sits before a double window and is also lit by a contempor
18177	Newly renovated studio apartment (35 square meters). Bright and colorful, with a contemporary look. On the 2nd floor (3rd floor American), it overlooks a lovely courtyard with buildings dating from the early 17th century and has a friendly caretaker. It is very peaceful, and ideal for a couple. The fully equipped kitchen has a refrigerator, freezer, radiant-heat stove + oven, dishwasher, microwave and washing machine.  The low-beamed loft space with large skylight sleeps two, and there is also a sofa bed. Other amenities include a full bathroom with bathtub, as well as a TV, answering machine, and radio/tape/CD player.	Marais studio, fully equipped, on quiet courtyard. Loft with dbl bed + skylight. Free wifi/intl phone/cable tv/washing machine. Extra sofa bed. Ideal location nr. Picasso Museum & lively Marché des Enfants Rouges. Great shops, museums. Sleeps 2-3. Newly renovated studio apartment (35 square meters). Bright and colorful, with a contemporary look. On the 2nd floor (3rd floor American), it overlooks a lovely courtyard with buildings dating from the early 17th century and has a friendly caretaker. It is very peaceful, and ideal for a couple. The fully equipped kitchen has a refrigerator, freezer, radiant-heat stove + oven, dishwasher, microwave and washing machine.  The low-beamed loft space with large skylight sleeps two, and there is also a sofa bed. Other amenities include a full bathroom with bathtub, as well as a TV, answering machine, and radio/tape/CD player. Everything except a storage closet. Via email as much as desired. Some on phone if needed. It's in the northern part of the M
18178		L'appartement, situé dans un immeuble classé historique, dispose de deux chambres indépendantes avec sdb à chaque étage et d'un salon avec cuisine américaine toute équipée au rdc.  Idéalement situé en plein coeur du Marais, très lumineux et calme.
18179		studette rénovée entierement neuf, canapé lit de 1,30 x1,90 (etroit) frigo four canape table lavabo et douche TOUT EQUIPE MEUBLé A NEUF grande fenetre , ensoleillé , 5 eme étage  ascenceur  toilette a l étage idéalement situé en plein coeur  Marais
18180	"I would be happy to have you in my home. My flat is bright, very calm and ideally located to visit Paris. Easily approachable from airports (Roissy and Orly), it is central and very well served by metro , RER and buses. You will be able to go very quickly to most of the famous places of Paris ; unless you prefer walking up to the Canal Saint Martin (5mn), to Le Marais (15mn), to Les Halles or to  Le Louvre (about 20mn), etc...   There are also cinemas, theaters, clubs of jazz...and a lot of shops,""cafés""and small restaurants for any type of budget just near home !  I prefer preparing your bed in the living room. First, because, the sofa bed is very comfortable, but above all because the room is much more silent than my own room. So, the living room will be on your only disposition.  I prepare your bed and you will find everything you need for breakfast according to your tastes  There is of course the wifi!  Just contact me for any question ! I know Paris quite well and would be happy t"	"  This is an old apartment, typically parisian, with wooden floors and large windows. Very well located, it is an excellent ""base"" to visit Paris, while offering peace and quiet at night.      I would be happy to have you in my home. My flat is bright, very calm and ideally located to visit Paris. Easily approachable from airports (Roissy and Orly), it is central and very well served by metro , RER and buses. You will be able to go very quickly to most of the famous places of Paris ; unless you prefer walking up to the Canal Saint Martin (5mn), to Le Marais (15mn), to Les Halles or to  Le Louvre (about 20mn), etc...   There are also cinemas, theaters, clubs of jazz...and a lot of shops,""cafés""and small restaurants for any type of budget just near home !  I prefer preparing your bed in the living room. First, because, the sofa bed is very comfortable, but above all because the room is much more silent than my own room. So, the living room will be on your only disposition.  I prepare you"
18181	Short-term lets for authentic Parisian living in the heart of the historic Marais Charming and stylish one-bedroom apartment, beautifully renovated and furnished with antique pieces — an ideal pied-à-terre in central Paris. Open-plan living area flooded with light, featuring solid oak floors, high ceilings and windows, and a library filled with art and cookery books. There is a separate bedroom with queen-size antique bed, and a beautiful en-suite bathroom with roll-top bath and overhead shower. Towels and linen provided. Sleeps up to 3 adults: the living room has a comfortable sofa bed. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with oven, hob, dishwasher and a ceramic farmhouse sink. There is a walk-in closet with a Miele washing machine. Free WiFi internet access. Sans ascenseur! Like many historic buildings in the Marais, there is no lift. The apartment is on the 4th floor. Views over the rooftops of Paris.	Authentic Parisian living in the heart of the historic Marais.  Charming and stylish one-bedroom apartment, beautifully renovated and furnished with antique pieces — an ideal pied-à-terre in central Paris. Comfortable, sun-filled and peaceful.  Short-term lets for authentic Parisian living in the heart of the historic Marais Charming and stylish one-bedroom apartment, beautifully renovated and furnished with antique pieces — an ideal pied-à-terre in central Paris. Open-plan living area flooded with light, featuring solid oak floors, high ceilings and windows, and a library filled with art and cookery books. There is a separate bedroom with queen-size antique bed, and a beautiful en-suite bathroom with roll-top bath and overhead shower. Towels and linen provided. Sleeps up to 3 adults: the living room has a comfortable sofa bed. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with oven, hob, dishwasher and a ceramic farmhouse sink. There is a walk-in closet with a Miele washing machine. Free Wi
18182	The space is over 70 meters, it is on the Places des Vosges, but in the Courtyard, so no noise! Its on the 3rd Floor. The owner is a Professor, he knows SOOOOOO much history and I am sure would be happy to give you more fascinating stories about Places des Vosges if it could be arranged. The flat has been newly painted, there are new dishes, glasses, towels, sheets, blankets so your ar sleeping in everything new for your trip! It's a VERY Parisian space, with old history and new everything!	"This flat is 70 meters, the living and the master bedroom has  enough space for 4 to have privacy. The bedding , pillows and sheets, towels, cuttlery, glasses ad all new. It's only on the 2nd floor so it's a winner! The space is over 70 meters, it is on the Places des Vosges, but in the Courtyard, so no noise! Its on the 3rd Floor. The owner is a Professor, he knows SOOOOOO much history and I am sure would be happy to give you more fascinating stories about Places des Vosges if it could be arranged. The flat has been newly painted, there are new dishes, glasses, towels, sheets, blankets so your ar sleeping in everything new for your trip! It's a VERY Parisian space, with old history and new everything! Access to all of us who has rented to you, of course! As you wish.... little, nothing, or plenty! Very privledged area of Paris. The historic magic will never change nor will the impact of how chic the address is, also the STILL after 400 years... deemed ""Tres BCBG"". Metro one from Basti"
18183	Mon appartement est très calme et confortable au plein cœur de Paris. Un vrai voyage dans le vieux Paris au rendez vous !	Grand studio, calme et lumineux avec une très belle hauteur sous plafond et poutres apparentes au cœur du marais. A deux pas de Beaubourg dans une rue piétonne très agréable mon appartement sera votre petit pied a terre pour découvrir Paris.  La banquette du salon offre un 3ème couchage confortable ! Mon appartement est très calme et confortable au plein cœur de Paris. Un vrai voyage dans le vieux Paris au rendez vous ! Le quartier est idéal pour découvrir Paris, très central mais aussi typiquement Parisien. A quelques minutes à pieds du centre georges Pompidou mais aussi du musée des Arts et Métiers et de la gaité lyrique. Culture et promenades sont au rendez vous ! A deux minutes à pieds du métro Arts et Métiers mais aussi très proche de la station Réaumur Sébastopol, Rambuteau, temple ou encore république. Ce quartier est très bien desservi !
18184	Ce studio, clair et lumineux, est situé au 5ème étage, sans ascenseur, au sein d’une résidence  sécurisée du Marais. Idéalement situé, en plein cœur du quartier animé de la rue de Bretagne. Accès facile à tout Paris. M° Station Filles du Calvaire ou Temple, Bus. De nombreux restaurants, brasseries et commerces se trouvent autour de la résidence, ouverts le dimanche. D’une surface de 29m², il peut accueillir 3 personnes et est constitué : d’une CUISINE indépendante équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, bouilloire, micro-ondes, grille-pain, plaques de cuisson, centrifugeuse, four, lave-linge, vaisselle et ustensiles, fer et table à repasser); d’une SALLE DE BAIN avec douche, WC, sèche-cheveux; d’un grand SALON-CHAMBRE équipé d'un confortable lit 2 places, d’un canapé lit 1 place, TV, WI-FI gratuit, nombreux rangements.  -------- This studio , clear and bright , is on the 5th floor, no elevator , in a secure neighborhood, Le Marais. Ideally located in the heart of bustling rue de Bretagne.	Très bel appt de 29m2, 2 pces, cuisine aménagée (four, micro onde, lave linge), Lit 2 places + convertible 1 place, SDB, dressing. En plein coeur du Marais, quartier animé et mythique de Paris. Ce studio, clair et lumineux, est situé au 5ème étage, sans ascenseur, au sein d’une résidence  sécurisée du Marais. Idéalement situé, en plein cœur du quartier animé de la rue de Bretagne. Accès facile à tout Paris. M° Station Filles du Calvaire ou Temple, Bus. De nombreux restaurants, brasseries et commerces se trouvent autour de la résidence, ouverts le dimanche. D’une surface de 29m², il peut accueillir 3 personnes et est constitué : d’une CUISINE indépendante équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, bouilloire, micro-ondes, grille-pain, plaques de cuisson, centrifugeuse, four, lave-linge, vaisselle et ustensiles, fer et table à repasser); d’une SALLE DE BAIN avec douche, WC, sèche-cheveux; d’un grand SALON-CHAMBRE équipé d'un confortable lit 2 places, d’un canapé lit 1 place, TV, WI-FI gratuit,
18185	This room is what you were looking for in Paris! With a beautiful and large window on the Marais,  the room is 15m2 large, quiet and comfortable, in a typical Parisian style. It's very well isolated and you will enjoy all your privacy!	Large room in lovely apartment located in central Paris, more precisely in the historic Marais neighborhood. Shared with two flatmates, the apartment has large, comfortable and clean dining room, living room, bathroom and kitchen.  This room is what you were looking for in Paris! With a beautiful and large window on the Marais,  the room is 15m2 large, quiet and comfortable, in a typical Parisian style. It's very well isolated and you will enjoy all your privacy! The apartment is equipped with WIFI!
18186	In a typical historic Marais building, this 38 m² apartment (renovated in spring 2015) has a high ceiling, for a confortable space.	This is where we live everyday with my girlfriend. We chose the best place to live in Paris and we made this apartment a great place to live in. Of course if we offer you to enjoy our apartment for a weekend, we'll leave it all to you. In addition to the 2 person bed in the bedroom, the living room sofa converts into a really nice 2 person bed. And we created a week-end guide for you with all our favorite places in Paris! In a typical historic Marais building, this 38 m² apartment (renovated in spring 2015) has a high ceiling, for a confortable space. Le Marais: one of the oldest neighborhoods of Paris. This is where History confronts you, where you realize artisans built your surroundings at a time where the new world was still a myth. And yet they built amazing pieces of art. L'île Saint-Louis, la Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris, l'Hôtel de Ville, le Centre Pompidou (and a lot more) are all within a 20 minute walk (and the walk is splendid). We created for you a week-end guide with al
18187	"The flat is ideally located in Paris 2nd arrondissement, next to ""Réaumur-Sébastopol"" subway station which is connected with 2 very useful lines: 3 and 4, but also quite close you will find 8, 9 and 11 lines. It is thus perfectly connected to the city, you will also find a large choice of ""velib"" (automatic rent bike of Paris) station, which is useful after subway's closure. Its location allows you to go anywhere you want in Paris very fast and easily.  Completely new, the flat is very practical with an equipped kitchen, many windows which make it luminous, it has a double bed and an Italian bathroom. Less than 5 min by walking, you will find one of the most known and typically Parisian street: ""La rue Montorgueil"". You are also 10 min walking distance from Châtelet (Heart of Paris) and ""Le Marais"". That's why you will find for sure any shop, restaurant or bar you want and fit you. To sum up, this flat is perfect to have the best Parisian experience, thanks to his location and charme! "	"Located in the heart of Paris and with its 5 metro lines nearby, this flat is the best choice to enjoy the most beautiful city of the world! The flat is ideally located in Paris 2nd arrondissement, next to ""Réaumur-Sébastopol"" subway station which is connected with 2 very useful lines: 3 and 4, but also quite close you will find 8, 9 and 11 lines. It is thus perfectly connected to the city, you will also find a large choice of ""velib"" (automatic rent bike of Paris) station, which is useful after subway's closure. Its location allows you to go anywhere you want in Paris very fast and easily.  Completely new, the flat is very practical with an equipped kitchen, many windows which make it luminous, it has a double bed and an Italian bathroom. Less than 5 min by walking, you will find one of the most known and typically Parisian street: ""La rue Montorgueil"". You are also 10 min walking distance from Châtelet (Heart of Paris) and ""Le Marais"". That's why you will find for sure any shop, rest"
18188	Parquet en chêne, cheminée larges fenêtres faisant entrée une incroyable lumière c'est dans mon appartement que vous passerez votre séjour inoubliable à Paris. La cuisine est équipée de plaques vitrocéramiques, d'un four, d'un réfrigérateur et d'un lave vaisselle. Dans la salle de bains, une machine à laver et un sèche-cheveux sont à votre disposition.	C'est dans un immeuble du XVIIIème que vous serez accueilli pour un séjour mémorable. A 5 mn du musée Picasso, l'appartement d'une surface de 55 m2 propose un spacieux séjour de 30 m2 et une chambre avec une salle de bain. Parquet en chêne, cheminée larges fenêtres faisant entrée une incroyable lumière c'est dans mon appartement que vous passerez votre séjour inoubliable à Paris. La cuisine est équipée de plaques vitrocéramiques, d'un four, d'un réfrigérateur et d'un lave vaisselle. Dans la salle de bains, une machine à laver et un sèche-cheveux sont à votre disposition. Vous avez accès  à l'ensemble de l'appartement Que dire de mon quartier. Le Marais... D'abord c'est un quartier historique où il faut flâner et se perdre dans les méandres de ses rues. Vous y trouverez des commerces de bouche parmi les meilleurs de Paris, notamment au marché des enfants rouge, rue de Bretagne. Mais aussi, galeries, boutiques de vêtements proposés par tous les couturiers du moment, également des magasin
18189	"Le Tresor Du Marais is a modern and refined one bedroom apartment with open-style living/dining room with a fully-equipped kitchen. Mixing modern design with country-style colors, the apartment has been created with high-end furnishings for your comfort and enjoyment. This is a very sunny and quiet apartment that will give you a warm and relaxed feeling as soon as you step inside. The master bedroom features a double bed (140 cm x 200 cm),  and television to watch DVDs. The living/dining area features a high-quality sofa-bed, large closets for storage, country-style dining table that can seat 8 people, flat-screen TV, DVD Player, Phone, and a huge collection of Paris Guide Books and DVDs for your enjoyment. The kitchen is a chef's delight. Recently renovated and fully equipped. Enjoy the Gourmet Food Shops of nearby Rue De Bretagne and Rue Rambuteau or the Market ""Les Enfants Rouges"" to cook yourself a feast. The kitchen includes a full-size fridge and freezer (rare for Paris), plenty "	"Bright and Refined One bedroom apartment for up to 4 guests. Fully Renovated with Top of the Line Furnishings. Cook Yourself a Feast in the large fully-equipped kitchen. Very Bright and Very Quiet. In the Heart of the ""Marais"". Walk to Hotel De Ville Le Tresor Du Marais is a modern and refined one bedroom apartment with open-style living/dining room with a fully-equipped kitchen. Mixing modern design with country-style colors, the apartment has been created with high-end furnishings for your comfort and enjoyment. This is a very sunny and quiet apartment that will give you a warm and relaxed feeling as soon as you step inside. The master bedroom features a double bed (140 cm x 200 cm),  and television to watch DVDs. The living/dining area features a high-quality sofa-bed, large closets for storage, country-style dining table that can seat 8 people, flat-screen TV, DVD Player, Phone, and a huge collection of Paris Guide Books and DVDs for your enjoyment. The kitchen is a chef's delight."
18190	The rooftop terrace in the heart of the Marais offers a parisian experience that is unrivalled.	We love our little parisian studio! With a double bed and a fold out sofa you can fit 2/3 people with all mod cons and a large rooftop terrace all to yourself-  you can't really go wrong. Located in the heart of the famous 'marais' is such a great launchpad The rooftop terrace in the heart of the Marais offers a parisian experience that is unrivalled. Wi-fi, washer-dryer, oven, microwave, TV, Only to handover keys unless they need some help. The Marais is by far the coolest and most vibrant part of Paris (think Brooklyn or Shoreditch with a french twist) - I love it here! The metro in Paris is fantastic and the apartment is walking distance to at least three stations.
18191	"Welcome to the Marais !  It's a very comfortable apartment  in the heart of the Marais. It's only 2 minutes walk from the picasso museum and rue vieille du Temple ( great for shopping). This is a great base if you are in Paris, the neighborhood is very lively. Amazing area with lot of bars, restaurants, bakeries and boutiques. You can find most of the best place of Paris This quiet apartment is located on the second floor of a 17th century building without elevator like in most of the parisian Building.  Fully equipped modern open kitchen  -washing machine and dryer  Bathroom with bath tub and shower. -Very thick stone walls that keep the flat cool in the summer and warm in the winter The master bedroom has a queen size bed.  - Wi/FI In regards to transportation, the neighborhood is served by the Metro with stations on Saint Paul, Hôtel de Ville, Filles du calvaire or Rambuteau , on Lines 1,7 and 8. Only 15minutes from Train station ""Gare Du Nord"" and aslo 5 minutes from ""Gare de Lyon"""	"Welcome to the Marais !  It's a very comfortable apartment  in the heart of the Marais. It's only 2 minutes walk from the picasso museum and rue vieille du Temple ( great for shopping). This is a great base if you are in Paris, the neighborhood is very lively. Amazing area with lot of bars, restaurants, bakeries and boutiques. You can find most of the best place of Paris This quiet apartment is located on the second floor of a 17th century building without elevator like in most of the parisian Building.  Fully equipped modern open kitchen  -washing machine and dryer  Bathroom with bath tub and shower. -Very thick stone walls that keep the flat cool in the summer and warm in the winter The master bedroom has a queen size bed.  - Wi/FI In regards to transportation, the neighborhood is served by the Metro with stations on Saint Paul, Hôtel de Ville, Filles du calvaire or Rambuteau , on Lines 1,7 and 8. Only 15minutes from Train station ""Gare Du Nord"" and aslo 5 minutes from ""Gare de Lyon"""
18192	"Carole and George welcome you to their cozy apartment in the heart of ""Le Marais"". Fully renovated, in collaboration with the architect Pascal Chek Djavadi, this place is located in a building dating from 1780 with its timbered who makes the charm of old Paris. The apartment has a double orientation, a side view on ""le careau du temple""(old hall of the early 20th century) not overlooked and the other overlooking on trees, it is at the 4th floor without lift .You will find all the amenities for your comfort: fully equipped, internet wifi, TV with international channels, kitchen, high quality bedding, linens, bluetooth speaker."	"This apartment is located in the fashion parisien area, located in the 3th district of Paris called ""Le Marais"" in a trendy and authentic area, near shops, art galeries, nice restaurants, cafés and best bakery. Carole and George welcome you to their cozy apartment in the heart of ""Le Marais"". Fully renovated, in collaboration with the architect Pascal Chek Djavadi, this place is located in a building dating from 1780 with its timbered who makes the charm of old Paris. The apartment has a double orientation, a side view on ""le careau du temple""(old hall of the early 20th century) not overlooked and the other overlooking on trees, it is at the 4th floor without lift .You will find all the amenities for your comfort: fully equipped, internet wifi, TV with international channels, kitchen, high quality bedding, linens, bluetooth speaker. The apartment is located in the new trendy area.  ""Le Marais""  A few steps from ""rue de Bretagne ""restaurant, shops, market, bars, bakery. A five minute wa"
18193	40 sqm.	Very simple but very convenient to explore the french capital starting from downtown. 40 sqm. Fifth floor. We'll be very pleased to improve our good knowledge of the city concerning any needed advices. Nice and safe district close to pedestrian streets, to many theaters, République, Grands Boulevards, Châtelet. Near train stations Nord & Est, metro, buses, citybikes, taxis, shops. Busy district but the bedroom remains quiet.
18194		A nice bedroom, a quiet apartment, visit Paris walking from here From Roissy-CDG: RER B until Les Halles From Orly: Bus Orlyval unti Denfert Rocherau and Metro ligne 4 until Etienne Marcel From Beauvay: Bus until Porte Maillot and RER A until Les halles
18195	Welcome to your new home away from home!  This chic, fresh studio will be the perfect place to base yourself during your next Parisian getaway.  Located in the 3rd arrondissement, you will find yourself centrally located and within walking distance of the Centre Pompidou, the Marais, Chatelet - the list goes on! The apartment is located on the first floor French, second floor American.  It's a 16m2, or 175sf, studio. This apartment has a pull-out sofa (140 cm x 200 cm).  Sheets, duvets, and pillows are provided. The kitchen has a sink, small refrigerator, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, hot water kettle, and 2 electric burners.  Dishes, glasses, utensils, cutlery, and pots and pans are provided. The bathroom has a shower, toilet, sink, and washer/dryer. Towels are provided. The apartment is very close to Arts et Metiers metro, as well as Chatelet RER/Metro station, bus stops, and Velib (rental bicycle) stations.   You will find yourself just a leap away from some of the neighborhoo	Welcome to your new home away from home!  This chic, fresh studio will be the perfect place to base yourself during your next Parisian getaway.  Located in the 3rd arrondissement, you will find yourself centrally located and within walking distance of the Centre Pompidou, the Marais, Chatelet - the list goes on! The apartment is located on the first floor French, second floor American.  It's a 16m2, or 175sf, studio. This apartment has a pull-out sofa (140 cm x 200 cm).  Sheets, duvets, and pillows are provided. The kitchen has a sink, small refrigerator, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, hot water kettle, and 2 electric burners.  Dishes, glasses, utensils, cutlery, and pots and pans are provided. The bathroom has a shower, toilet, sink, and washer/dryer. Towels are provided. The apartment is very close to Arts et Metiers metro, as well as Chatelet RER/Metro station, bus stops, and Velib (rental bicycle) stations.   You will find yourself just a leap away from some of the neighborhoo
18196	sunny and calm right in the middle of the most exciting neighborhood...	Arty/ romantic/ chic/ very cosy apartment in the 3rd arrondissement  , near all the coolest shops/bars/restaurants of Paris. there's  a breathtaking view on the Picasso museum. Bathtub, wifi, 5th floor (without elevator, but easy! :) sunny and calm right in the middle of the most exciting neighborhood... I'm very pleased to help them if needed and I know all the best spots in Paris. my neighborhood is THE ONE, the best in Paris. métro : filles du calvaire
18197	- a living room with a dining area with table, chairs, a sofa bed providing sleeping in 120 cm for 1 adult or 2 children, an HDTV, DVD player, a hi-fi station, Internet connection. - a sleeping area with a king size bed and large dressing. - a kitchen fully equipped with dishwasher, microwave, oven, cook top, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, toaster, dishes and utensils. - a Bathroom: with bath sink, a shower and hair dryer. - a separated WC with washing machine and cupboards. The Linen is provided	Large 36 square meters studio, renovated on the third floor without lift, three windows overlooking a large inside court yard. Apartment very close to the fantastic Place des Vosges, with: - a living room with a dining area with table, chairs, a sofa bed providing sleeping in 120 cm for 1 adult or 2 children, an HDTV, DVD player, a hi-fi station, Internet connection. - a sleeping area with a king size bed and large dressing. - a kitchen fully equipped with dishwasher, microwave, oven, cook top, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, toaster, dishes and utensils. - a Bathroom: with bath sink, a shower and hair dryer. - a separated WC with washing machine and cupboards. The Linen is provided Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be at few minutes from the Place des Vosges, Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), the Cathedrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre. You will be at 2 minutes walking distance from the Saint-S
18198	Located in the very best part of the famed QUARTIER DU MARAIS,  this HIGH CEILING lovely flat provides high speed WIFI and ALL THE FACILITIES & COMFORT you expect in order to relax and enjoy... The decoration is both simple and stylish and reconciles the CHARMS of the ancient settings, with all the up-to-date equipment and facilities.  The KITCHEN has EVERYTHING YOU’D NEED if you decided to stay in and cook,  although the apartment itself is so well located that you'd probably want to be out and about.	FEEL LIKE HOME in our authentic cosy parisian flat, according to our guests,  maybe THE BEST PLACE TO DISCOVER PARIS ! Located in the very best part of the famed QUARTIER DU MARAIS,  this HIGH CEILING lovely flat provides high speed WIFI and ALL THE FACILITIES & COMFORT you expect in order to relax and enjoy... The decoration is both simple and stylish and reconciles the CHARMS of the ancient settings, with all the up-to-date equipment and facilities.  The KITCHEN has EVERYTHING YOU’D NEED if you decided to stay in and cook,  although the apartment itself is so well located that you'd probably want to be out and about. WHAT YOU WILL FIND INSIDE THE FLAT: -------------------------------------------------  *** NO extra charge, everything is INCLUDED*** * Complementary access to INTERNET with HIGH SPEED WIFi  * Living room with a bistrot style table and 2 chairs  * 2 sofas overlooking the Marais  * Mezzanine with:  - 1 queen size bed (comfortable 140x200 cm Latex mattress of SEALY brand) 
18199		Appartement au 3ème étage  - Ascenseur Grand lit double 160*200 cm  Cuisine toute équipée  Au calme. Proche du métro.  A 5 min à pied du centre Pompidou et 15 min à pied de Notre Dame.  Connexion à Internet.
18200		Romantic & comfortable 1 bedroom flat on 6th floor. 42m². Lift to 5th floor, then stairs. Double bed, sofa bed in lounge, bathroom with bath/shower, WC, sink & washer. Kitchen with fridge/freezer, stove, kettle, toaster, (website hidden), phone & WIFI! Safe and central Paris, located on rue St Martin just a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, within the charming Marais area. 15 mins walk to River Seine, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Place des Vosges, rue de Rivoli and Le Louvre. Easy access to all major tourist attractions. Art galleries, boutiques and a lot of restaurants, bistrots, bars and cafés in this lively and fashionable area of Paris. Fantastic bakeries, butchers and supermarkets close by.
18201	Il a une belle hauteur de plafond. Il est lumineux, a une jolie vue sur les toits de Paris. Il a le charme des immeubles anciens Haussmaniens. il y a du parquet au sol . Il est calme , tout en étant au coeur de la ville. C' est une chambre grande . 	Grande chambre calme dans un Immeuble haussmanien situé dans le centre de paris, dans le 3ième arrondissement, proche du centre Georges pompidou.  Petit déjeuner. Café wifi à proximité. Il a une belle hauteur de plafond. Il est lumineux, a une jolie vue sur les toits de Paris. Il a le charme des immeubles anciens Haussmaniens. il y a du parquet au sol . Il est calme , tout en étant au coeur de la ville. C' est une chambre grande . Tous les transports a proximité. Le centre georges pompidou . Le marais. Les halles. Je peux préparer leurs petits déjeuners . Certains soirs,une boisson chaude. Donner quelques conseils de visites. La proximité de différents quartiers de Paris, comme les halles, et le marais. Le calme de la rue qui est près de rues plus bruyantes.  Des cafés et des restaurants tout près. Il y a le choix entre 4 stations de métro , y compris le RER des halles.
18202	*************** The entire apartment has been renovated during the summer of 2012. There are 35 m² for two separates rooms that overlook a courtyard with a charming tranquility in the heart of Paris Once down a few stairs we're in the living room where there is a sofa-bed for two persons (daily sleeping quality), two Louis XV-style armchairs and a table. There is a well equipped kitchen at your service.  In the bedroom there are a large double bed, a small wardrobe at your disposal as well as a chest of drawers, and all the bed linen. The attaining bathroom is small but with all the necessary, shower, sink and toilet, with towels provided. For kids ( or not ! ) there is a Wii and a lot of games, we have a girl and a boy so there are a few toys. The building dates from the 17th century and as such is classified as a historical monument of the city of Paris. It is secured by a guardian on the ground floor and two access codes 	Cozy two rooms situated in the heart of Paris, can receive between one and four guests ! *************** The entire apartment has been renovated during the summer of 2012. There are 35 m² for two separates rooms that overlook a courtyard with a charming tranquility in the heart of Paris Once down a few stairs we're in the living room where there is a sofa-bed for two persons (daily sleeping quality), two Louis XV-style armchairs and a table. There is a well equipped kitchen at your service.  In the bedroom there are a large double bed, a small wardrobe at your disposal as well as a chest of drawers, and all the bed linen. The attaining bathroom is small but with all the necessary, shower, sink and toilet, with towels provided. For kids ( or not ! ) there is a Wii and a lot of games, we have a girl and a boy so there are a few toys. The building dates from the 17th century and as such is classified as a historical monument of the city of Paris. It is secured by a guardian on the ground 
18203		Possibilité d 'être acceuilli dans un appartement ou j habite, chambre privée, partage de la salle de bain .  Je peux préparer le petit déjeuner. Très bien situé dans Paris
18204	This magnificent contemporary style 105 sq mt duplex apartment is a ground floor with a central courtyard and a basement perfectly restored during a two years refurbishment site followed by a well-known parisian architect. The apartment has a large sitting room with two comfortable sofas from Danish retailer BoConcept  and a big steel and wood central coffee table. There is a flat screen 1,2 m lenght TV with cable connection (more than 100 channels). The ground floor has a wireless internet connection. The one block modern kitchen from Italian designer Boffi integrates this spacious room with a central working sliding top that covers the 4 induction electric hobs and the sink. There is also a medium size dishwasher, a multifunction oven and a small but very functional sliding fridge, all of them from Miele company. A breakfast electric set (boiler, toaster) and a Nespresso machine will complete the kitchen electric appliances. The cuttlery is doubled for 6 people max occupancy. The lig	This magnificent contemporary style 105 sq mt duplex apartment is a ground floor with a central courtyard and a basement perfectly restored during a two years refurbishment site followed by a well-known parisian architect. It is situated in the tren
18205	En plein coeur du Marais, l'appartement est accueillant et confortable, parfait pour un séjour parisien typique. 55m2 dans un hotel particulier typique du Marais avec une très grande hauteur sous plafond et magnifique plafond à la Française. Entrée par une très belle cour typique des hotels particuliers du Marais. 1 chambre plus salon et cuisine séparée: lit futon d'1,60m par 2m sur tatami, salle de bain avec baignoire et wc séparé 2 eme étage sans ascenseur,  	Ce 2 pièces plein de charme est situé en plein coeur de Paris dans un magnifique hôtel particulier typique du Marais et très bien équipé. Situé dans la partie calme du Marais (le haut de la rue du Temple) il est proche de Beaubourg. En plein coeur du Marais, l'appartement est accueillant et confortable, parfait pour un séjour parisien typique. 55m2 dans un hotel particulier typique du Marais avec une très grande hauteur sous plafond et magnifique plafond à la Française. Entrée par une très belle cour typique des hotels particuliers du Marais. 1 chambre plus salon et cuisine séparée: lit futon d'1,60m par 2m sur tatami, salle de bain avec baignoire et wc séparé 2 eme étage sans ascenseur,  nous sommes ouverts pour discuter avec les voyageurs quartier vivant entre Bastille, les enfants rouges, le Marais, Beaubourg, les Halles Très facile d'accès avec plusieurs stations de métro et rer : rambuteau, art et métier, hôtel de ville, rer B chatelet  Station de velib juste en dessous
18206	Located on the high floor of a building in the historical Marais district, this studio is a real haven of peace in the heart of Paris. The apartment, entirely south oriented, is very luminous and overlooks a vast inner courtyard with a 17th century ancient foundry.  The apartment is one charming functionally arranged large room with lovely open beams.  On the right hand side you’ll find a modern and well equipped kitchenette. Everything you’ll need for an enjoyable stay is at your disposal in the cupboards. There is a table for breakfasts and other meals. The bathroom has a shower and stowage space.  On the other side of the apartment, you’ll find the bedroom separated from the rest of the area by a room divider with a lovely satin curtain. There is also a desk where you can enjoy the use of hi speed internet. In the living room part there is a 2 seat couch with a coffee table facing the three large windows of the apartment. A flat screen television and a hi-fi system finish conferring	This charming apartment is very well located nearby the main sight seeings. Only at 15 minutes walk from Notre Dame Church. All the convenient store, restaurants, delis, fashion shop and metro at the doorstep... Located on the high floor of a building in the historical Marais district, this studio is a real haven of peace in the heart of Paris. The apartment, entirely south oriented, is very luminous and overlooks a vast inner courtyard with a 17th century ancient foundry.  The apartment is one charming functionally arranged large room with lovely open beams.  On the right hand side you’ll find a modern and well equipped kitchenette. Everything you’ll need for an enjoyable stay is at your disposal in the cupboards. There is a table for breakfasts and other meals. The bathroom has a shower and stowage space.  On the other side of the apartment, you’ll find the bedroom separated from the rest of the area by a room divider with a lovely satin curtain. There is also a desk where you can en
18207	Au coeur du marais rue Rambuteau ,charmant appartement fonctionnel bien équipé , au 3 eme étage sans ascenseur donnant sur cours au calme . Idéal pour un couple avec un enfant ou deux . A 20 mètre du métro et du musée George Pompidou , cet appartement vos offre tout le confort pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris et visiter tout à pieds .cœur de Paris .!La proximité immédiate des lignes de métro n° 11 (station Rambuteau) et n°1 (station Hôtel de Ville) vous donne également accès au quartier de la Bastille, au musée du Louvre mais aussi à la célèbre avenue des Champs Elysées et à toutes les autres destinations incontournables de Paris. L'appartement :un grand F1  de 35m2 situé au 3 ème étage (sans ascenseur) d’un immeuble traditionnel  se composé d'une grande pièce principale, très agréable  avec des poutres et tomettes , avec son ameublement et ses équipements modernes (TV LCD, Internet Wifi, climatisation) avec un lit et un canapé lit , une belle  cuisine équipée, la salle de bain e	Au coeur du marais rue Rambuteau ,charmant appartement fonctionnel bien équipé , au 3 eme étage sans ascenseur donnant sur cours au calme . Idéal pour un couple avec un enfant ou deux . A 20 mètre du métro et du musée George Pompidou , cet appartement vos offre tout le confort pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris et visiter tout à pieds .cœur de Paris .!La proximité immédiate des lignes de métro n° 11 (station Rambuteau) et n°1 (station Hôtel de Ville) vous donne également accès au quartier de la Bastille, au musée du Louvre mais aussi à la célèbre avenue des Champs Elysées et à toutes les autres destinations incontournables de Paris. L'appartement :un grand F1  de 35m2 situé au 3 ème étage (sans ascenseur) d’un immeuble traditionnel  se composé d'une grande pièce principale, très agréable  avec des poutres et tomettes , avec son ameublement et ses équipements modernes (TV LCD, Internet Wifi, climatisation) avec un lit et un canapé lit , une belle  cuisine équipée, la salle de bain e
18208	Authenticity with standards - that’s what we offer at Flatbook. Anytime you stay with us in one of the 25 cities we’re in, you can expect to stay in a unique, fully equipped apartment while benefiting from the services, amenities and consistency that you get when booking a hotel. Take your time to browse through the photos to get a true feel for the space. Once you have, here are some of the specifics: This apartment has 1 bedroom which means it can sleep 2 people.  The Walk-Up Apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea	This studio apartment is located in the heart of Paris. Just a short Metro ride away from all of the best Paris has to offer (Eiffel Tower, Notre-Dame Cathedral, Le Louvre and many, many more!) Authenticity with standards - that’s what we offer at Flatbook. Anytime you stay with us in one of the 25 cities we’re in, you can expect to stay in a unique, fully equipped apartment while benefiting from the services, amenities and consistency that you get when booking a hotel. Take your time to browse through the photos to get a true feel for the space. Once you have, here are some of the specifics: This apartment has 1 bedroom which means it can sleep 2 people.  The Walk-Up Apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea Our goal is to make sure you feel at home while you're staying with us so please enjoy the entire space and all of its content
18209	Rent a comfortable private room in a huge and modern flat in the heart of Paris. You have a complete access to the whole flat (except others bed room), which include a kitchen, a living splitted in 2 parts , bathroom, toilets. My 3 roommates will be pleased to help you or giving you any tips you need, during your stay in Paris. It's less than 1 minute walk from Republique Place (Metro 3, 5, 8, 9, 11), and realy close to Canal St Martin, Bastille, Chatelet (Beaubourg Museum), and the typical and lovely Marais district.	Rent a comfortable private room in a huge and modern flat in the heart of Paris. You have a complete access to the whole flat (except others bed room), which include a kitchen, a living splitted in 2 parts , bathroom, toilets. My 3 roommates will be pleased to help you or giving you any tips you need, during your stay in Paris. It's less than 1 minute walk from Republique Place (Metro 3, 5, 8, 9, 11), and realy close to Canal St Martin, Bastille, Chatelet (Beaubourg Museum), and the typical and lovely Marais district.
18210	Very sunny & clean & spacious 1br apartment in the middle of Marais with large windows and beautiful view of garden. Newly renovated wood floor and new bathroom and open kitchen. The apartment is on the 4th floor in a new building with elevator. Only one other apartment on the same floor. Centrally located surrounded by lots of trendy cafes, restaurants, gardens, boutiques, museums, galleries, organic shops. A supermarket and an organic store just at the corner of the apartment. Small and quiet street with only sounds of birds in the morning. There is a VELIB (public bicycle) station nearby.   45 sqm 1 Bedroom New wooden floor  New bathroom Large windows Large open kitchen With washing machine 4th floor with elevator Sofa turns into comfortable single bed Iron & Hairdryer provided Free wifi Free local calls on landline Professionally cleaned each stay with fresh linens Public Transportation 3min walk to Metro Chemin Vert 8min walk to Metro Saint Paul 10min walk to Republique and Bastil	Very sunny & clean & spacious 1br apartment in the middle of Marais with large windows and beautiful view of garden. Newly renovated wood floor and new bathroom and open kitchen. The apartment is on the 4th floor in a new building with elevator. Only one other apartment on the same floor. Centrally located surrounded by lots of trendy cafes, restaurants, gardens, boutiques, museums, galleries, organic shops. A supermarket and an organic store just at the corner of the apartment. Small and quiet street with only sounds of birds in the morning. There is a VELIB (public bicycle) station nearby.   45 sqm 1 Bedroom New wooden floor  New bathroom Large windows Large open kitchen With washing machine 4th floor with elevator Sofa turns into comfortable single bed Iron & Hairdryer provided Free wifi Free local calls on landline Professionally cleaned each stay with fresh linens Public Transportation 3min walk to Metro Chemin Vert 8min walk to Metro Saint Paul 10min walk to Republique and Bastil
18211	This apartment is fully equipped with : unlimited high speed internet access, terrace, phone.  You will be staying on your own in the part of the apartment composed (as per photos) of : - a charming living room with sofas and armchairs, a library and a TV set. - an open kitchen fully equipped : fridge, washing machin, hot plates, oven, coffee maker...  - 5 double beds in 4 bedrooms available - a bathroom on the 1st floor with a large shower, and one with a bathtub and toilets. - a terrasse (which is really rare in Paris Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils. The 3rd district is one of the most beautiful and famous area of Paris, really close to most famous places and monuments to visit in Paris.  Transport :  Arts-et-métiers is the closest metro station (line 3 and 11).  Feel free to contact me. 	Charming  135 square meters, 4 bedroom's apartment, located rue de Montmorency in the Marais, on the ground floor of a 17th century hotel, it sleep around 10 people. This apartment is fully equipped with : unlimited high speed internet access, terrace, phone.  You will be staying on your own in the part of the apartment composed (as per photos) of : - a charming living room with sofas and armchairs, a library and a TV set. - an open kitchen fully equipped : fridge, washing machin, hot plates, oven, coffee maker...  - 5 double beds in 4 bedrooms available - a bathroom on the 1st floor with a large shower, and one with a bathtub and toilets. - a terrasse (which is really rare in Paris Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils. The 3rd district is one of the most beautiful and famous area of Paris, really close to most famous places and monuments to visit in Paris.  Transport :  Arts-et-métiers is the closest metro station (line 3 and 11).  Feel free to c
18212	Amazing modern flat with a large living and dining room. 4 windows  with a view on typical Haussmanien building. A lot of natural luminosity. There are 2 sofas (one roll out, 140 cm large, new from July 2014).  A dining room with 6 chairs to organise diner.  A bedroom with a large and comfortable bed (160 cm) for 2.   Modern bathroom renovated in December 14 with a XXL shower and 2 basins.   Modern kitchen: micro wave,  washing machine, Nespresso machine.  A lot of dishes, glasses are provided.  Towels and linen are provided for free.  Wifi, TV. 	Charming flat of 65 sqm centrally located in Le Marais with a typical parisian decoration and atmosphere. Completely renovated by a designer, the apartment provides you all the comfort to relax after a long shopping day in Paris.     Amazing modern flat with a large living and dining room. 4 windows  with a view on typical Haussmanien building. A lot of natural luminosity. There are 2 sofas (one roll out, 140 cm large, new from July 2014).  A dining room with 6 chairs to organise diner.  A bedroom with a large and comfortable bed (160 cm) for 2.   Modern bathroom renovated in December 14 with a XXL shower and 2 basins.   Modern kitchen: micro wave,  washing machine, Nespresso machine.  A lot of dishes, glasses are provided.  Towels and linen are provided for free.  Wifi, TV. You will have access to the entire flat. No rooms are closed. You have cupboards to store your clothing.  If I am in Paris, I will personnally host you and provides you all the advice you may need. Otherwise, my ho
18213		appartement de 2 pièces d'environ 30m², se composant d'un salon, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle d'eau et d'un WC séparé, 5éme étage avec ascenseur
18214	There are 4 rooms. 1 large living room with dining area and 3 bedrooms.  - 1 bedroom with 1 double bed for 2 people.  - 1 bedroom with 1 bed 1 person.  - 1 bedroom with 1 bed 1 person and 1 sofa bed for 2 people.  The apartment can accommodate 6 people. Linens are furnished.  The apartment is very bright, overlooking the rooftops of Paris. 	It's an apartment of 75 sqm, 4 rooms, located near the Pompidou Center in the 3rd district. It's  on the 4th floor of a quiet 17th century building without elevator. There are 4 rooms. 1 large living room with dining area and 3 bedrooms.  - 1 bedroom with 1 double bed for 2 people.  - 1 bedroom with 1 bed 1 person.  - 1 bedroom with 1 bed 1 person and 1 sofa bed for 2 people.  The apartment can accommodate 6 people. Linens are furnished.  The apartment is very bright, overlooking the rooftops of Paris. It is equipped with all the comforts (washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, cable, TV, WIFI, DVD and BLU RAY).  We will be there to welcome you, explain the functioning of equipment and recommend the best places in town. You can walk to the Louvre or Notre Dame. We are in the heart of Paris in a quiet street.  We are close to supermarkets, restaurants and major monuments of Paris. The nearest subways are Arts et Métiers, Rambuteau, Hôtel de Ville or Les Halles.  You also h
18215	I'd say it is the perfect place to stay for a short romantic stay in Paris. I love meeting new people and giving them touring advice about the city I live in and love.  But if you need space, I totally get it and I will let you enjoy your stay the way you want it.	Modern 2-bedroom appartment in the Marais, very close to Centre Pompidou, perfectly located to visit all of Paris !  I'll be living in the appartment as well and will be ready to give you advice and try to make your stay as pleasant as I can. I'd say it is the perfect place to stay for a short romantic stay in Paris. I love meeting new people and giving them touring advice about the city I live in and love.  But if you need space, I totally get it and I will let you enjoy your stay the way you want it. Basically, it is a 2 bedroom appartment. The only place which you don't have access to is my bedroom. The rest of the appartment is yours. I will try  to be as available as I can. It is litterally in the heart of Paris : - Lots of shops around with Les Halles Shopping Area within 5-10 minutes walking distance, ; - Nightlife is great with loads of restaurants and bars around; - Centre Georges Pompidou is 5 minutes away (walking). - Easy access to many different metro lines which makes it 
18216	The apartment was completely renovated last summer. Fully equipped: There is all you need to cook. Coffee : Nespresso coffee machine  Towels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo and towels are provided as well as coffee and tea for your stay.  A hair dryer, iron table and iron are also available in the apartment.  LED 3D TV (with more than 250 international Tv Channels), iPod Bose Sound System, 20 MG Internet connection through Wi-Fi 	The perfect modern little charming and authentic flat! Last floor + South oriented + Calm !  Close to approximately everything… You can walk to  famous neighborhood as République, Chatelet, Montorgueil, Marais, Bastille, Opéra  The apartment was completely renovated last summer. Fully equipped: There is all you need to cook. Coffee : Nespresso coffee machine  Towels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo and towels are provided as well as coffee and tea for your stay.  A hair dryer, iron table and iron are also available in the apartment.  LED 3D TV (with more than 250 international Tv Channels), iPod Bose Sound System, 20 MG Internet connection through Wi-Fi  I will be pleased to share with you the best adresses I have in the city (not sure you will find this in your city guide!) Located in a historic building of the seventeenth century in the central area called Haut-Marais.   Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers and George Pompidou Museum. Check-in : Please send me your approximate arri
18217	Studio de 21m2 situé au 2ème étage d’un immeuble ancien sans ascenseur. Il est composé d’une grande pièce avec un coin salle à manger , un grand lit (160x200), d’une kitchenette, d'un coin salon avec canapé et table basse et d’une salle de douche avec WC. Il est équipé d’un téléviseur, lecteur Blue Ray, four micro-onde, plaques vitro-céramique, lave-linge séchant, planche et fer à repasser, connexion internet, chauffage électrique. 	Charmant studio tout confort, entièrement équipé,d'une surface de 23m2 au 2ème étage sans (website hidden) est situé juste derrière la place de la République, au Carreau du Temple. Studio de 21m2 situé au 2ème étage d’un immeuble ancien sans ascenseur. Il est composé d’une grande pièce avec un coin salle à manger , un grand lit (160x200), d’une kitchenette, d'un coin salon avec canapé et table basse et d’une salle de douche avec WC. Il est équipé d’un téléviseur, lecteur Blue Ray, four micro-onde, plaques vitro-céramique, lave-linge séchant, planche et fer à repasser, connexion internet, chauffage électrique. Attention pour un séjour supérieur à 1 mois les frais de ménage sont de 20€ supplémentaires à payer à la fin du séjour. 
18218	Ideally located in the heart of Paris (rue Chapon, 3rd district), this studio is at a walking distance to many places of interest (Centre Pompidou : 5 minutes, Hotel de Ville : 10 minutes, Notre Dame : 15 minutes). The area is in the same time quiet and close to many attractions (restaurants, bars, design stores, department store, etc...). Many public transportation nearby : Metro Rambuteau (line 11), Metro Arts et Métiers (lines 3 and 11), Metro Réaumur Sébastopol (lines 3 and 4), RER Chatelet les Halles (lines A, B, D and E), buses (lines 20, 29, 38 and 47). Easy access from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports through RER and metro/bus. In the close neighborhood : 5 supermarkets, 2 bakeries, coin-op laundry and a few cafés. Studio is on 1st floor (2nd floor US), very quiet but not very bright, 11 sqm (120 sqft) + 3 sqm (30 sqft) on the mezzanine. No elevator. Wooden floor, visible beams, visible stones on one wall. Double bed on the mezzanine. Separate bathroom with toilet + open kit	Wooden floor, visible beams and stones, you are in Paris Le Marais! The neighborhood and its shops will allow you to live like real Parisians. Short distance to many touristic points of interests that will avoid wasting time in public transportation. Ideally located in the heart of Paris (rue Chapon, 3rd district), this studio is at a walking distance to many places of interest (Centre Pompidou : 5 minutes, Hotel de Ville : 10 minutes, Notre Dame : 15 minutes). The area is in the same time quiet and close to many attractions (restaurants, bars, design stores, department store, etc...). Many public transportation nearby : Metro Rambuteau (line 11), Metro Arts et Métiers (lines 3 and 11), Metro Réaumur Sébastopol (lines 3 and 4), RER Chatelet les Halles (lines A, B, D and E), buses (lines 20, 29, 38 and 47). Easy access from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports through RER and metro/bus. In the close neighborhood : 5 supermarkets, 2 bakeries, coin-op laundry and a few cafés. Studio is on 
18219	idealement situé au coeur du marais.certes petit mais rien ne manque, il vous suffit de deposer votre sac, le reste vous est fourni!!! pas besoin d'amener les serviettes, draps....ETC   tout est sur place.	"STUDIO TRES FONCTIONNEL refait entierement,au 3eme etage d'un immeuble typique du quatier. il est tout equipé et tres clair avec une grande fenetre sur cour. de plus il possede internet et  avec la box!!! SA SURFACE EST DE 14 M2. PAS DE VOISINS. idealement situé au coeur du marais.certes petit mais rien ne manque, il vous suffit de deposer votre sac, le reste vous est fourni!!! pas besoin d'amener les serviettes, draps....ETC   tout est sur place. internet grace a la box et la tv et ses 250 CHAINES DE TOUS LES PAYS.Bouilloire,cafetiere, theiere,micro ondes, frigo,plaques de cuisson a disposition. De plus, un seche cheveux ainsi qu'un fer à repasser sont egalement utilisable. DE NOMBREUX MUSEES et de nombreux restaurants de toutes cultures.les petites ruelles qui n'en finissent pas avec beaucoup de petits commerces qui font la reputation de ce quartier unique et recherché. ""NOTRE DAME DE PARIS"" ou "" MUSEE PICASSO"" ou ""beaubourg"" sont tout proche a pied. JE VOUS ACCUEUILLERAIS EN PERSONN"
18220	Charming and bright apartment footsteps from Centre pompidou and from the lively area of Marais. Located in an old and quite building you will love the Paris experience from this place! the place is composed by a bedroom with a double bed, a sofa-bed and an extra bed that can be added if needed.	Footsteps from the Centre Pompidou and the Marais neighborhood, in an old and quite building you will enjoy the beauty of Paris in its very centre! On big bed, one sofa bed for two and one extra single bed accomodate 5 with comfort and facilities.  Charming and bright apartment footsteps from Centre pompidou and from the lively area of Marais. Located in an old and quite building you will love the Paris experience from this place! the place is composed by a bedroom with a double bed, a sofa-bed and an extra bed that can be added if needed. The Marais area is one of the finest areas in Paris. 
18221	This spacious 3 bedrooms apartment brings together modern style with old world comfort. Centrally located in the heart of Paris's Marais district where you will find the Rue de Bretagne (restaurants and bar) or Rue vieille du Temple (designer shops) within 5 minutes.  This apartment is just few blocks by walk from Beaubourg (5 min),  Hotel de Ville (10 min), Notre Dame (15 min), Ile Saint Louis (15 min). It is only 10 min by metro to go to Galeries Lafayettes, Opera, Bastille and 20 min to Champs-Elysées or Eiffel Tower. Fairly recently renovated, fully furnished,this apartment offer 3 bedrooms: -The first bedroom has 2 single beds, which accommodates 2 people -The second bedroom has one double bed (160 cm x 200 cm), which accommodates 2 people  -The third bedroom has one double bed (160 cm x 200 cm), which accommodates 2 people The apartment has 1 shower and 1 individual toilet This property includes high speed wifi internet, flat panel TVs with 150 channels and a large leather sofa i	100 m2 apartment with 3 bedrooms, a living room and a fully equipped kitchen. It is located in the heart of Paris, in the popular Marais district where you will find the Rue de Bretagne or Rue vieille du Temple at 5 minutes This spacious 3 bedrooms apartment brings together modern style with old world comfort. Centrally located in the heart of Paris's Marais district where you will find the Rue de Bretagne (restaurants and bar) or Rue vieille du Temple (designer shops) within 5 minutes.  This apartment is just few blocks by walk from Beaubourg (5 min),  Hotel de Ville (10 min), Notre Dame (15 min), Ile Saint Louis (15 min). It is only 10 min by metro to go to Galeries Lafayettes, Opera, Bastille and 20 min to Champs-Elysées or Eiffel Tower. Fairly recently renovated, fully furnished,this apartment offer 3 bedrooms: -The first bedroom has 2 single beds, which accommodates 2 people -The second bedroom has one double bed (160 cm x 200 cm), which accommodates 2 people  -The third bedroom h
18222		Large and warm double bedroom in a 100 sqm apartment. Fully equipped with washing machine, laundry, kitchen and wifi. Located in the most charming district of Paris, 2 mins from Filles du calvaire metro station and 5 mins from Republique.
18223	Quiet & Cosy Le Marais Paris apartment  Leaving your parisian expérience in a big and bright studio apartment in the heart of historic « Le Marais » district.  Ideally located in a lovely seclouded courtyard, this ground floor apartment will offer you a really quiet and secured stay (the access to the courtyard is restricted to residents during nighttime) while being steps away from some of the liveliest areas in Paris. Tastefully decorated with modern design forniture the apartment has plenty of light coming from a big window facing a small green space (the access is restricted to the gardener and the residence carekeeper, to guarantee your privacy). It has a queen size sofa-bed, a large wardrobe, big TV, a fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, italian coffee machine, toaster, fridge, freezer…) and a very spacious and confortable bathroom with a large bathtub for two. Wi-Fi access and free landline international calls (to France and all European countries, Australia, Canada, USA, J	Large studio ideally located in Le Marais historic district. Cosy, quiet, on ground floor in high standing residence with guardian and private square garden.  The 2 Residence entrances are closed during the night  for more security and tranquility.  Quiet & Cosy Le Marais Paris apartment  Leaving your parisian expérience in a big and bright studio apartment in the heart of historic « Le Marais » district.  Ideally located in a lovely seclouded courtyard, this ground floor apartment will offer you a really quiet and secured stay (the access to the courtyard is restricted to residents during nighttime) while being steps away from some of the liveliest areas in Paris. Tastefully decorated with modern design forniture the apartment has plenty of light coming from a big window facing a small green space (the access is restricted to the gardener and the residence carekeeper, to guarantee your privacy). It has a queen size sofa-bed, a large wardrobe, big TV, a fully equipped kitchen (oven, mi
18224	studette en plein cœur du Marais avec wifi avec baignoire japonaise  pour deux personnes  couchage version couchette de train  toilettes séparées  individuelles  idéal weekend studette en plein cœur du Marais avec wifi avec baignoire japonaise  pour deux personnes  couchage version couchette de train  toilettes séparées  individuelles  idéal weekend studio Paris le  Marais est un quartier parisien historique   Le Marais est un quartier parisien historique (et non administratif), situé dans une partie des 3e et 4e arrondissements de Paris, sur la rive droite de la Seine. Il est aujourd'hui délimité à l'ouest par la rue Beaubourg, à l'est par le boulevard Beaumarchais, au nord par la rue de Bretagne et au sud par la Seine. Le Marais est une ancienne zone de marécages occupée depuis le XIIe siècle par des ordres religieux parmi lesquels l'ordre du Temple, qui y installent des établissements. Au début du XVIIe siècle, à la suite de la construction de la place des Vosges, ce quartier, jusqu	studette en plein cœur du Marais avec wifi avec baignoire japonaise  pour deux personnes  couchage version couchette de train  toilettes séparées  individuelles  idéal weekend studette en plein cœur du Marais avec wifi avec baignoire japonaise  pour deux personnes  couchage version couchette de train  toilettes séparées  individuelles  idéal weekend studette en plein cœur du Marais avec wifi avec baignoire japonaise  pour deux personnes  couchage version couchette de train  toilettes séparées  individuelles  idéal weekend studio Paris le  Marais est un quartier parisien historique   Le Marais est un quartier parisien historique (et non administratif), situé dans une partie des 3e et 4e arrondissements de Paris, sur la rive droite de la Seine. Il est aujourd'hui délimité à l'ouest par la rue Beaubourg, à l'est par le boulevard Beaumarchais, au nord par la rue de Bretagne et au sud par la Seine. Le Marais est une ancienne zone de marécages occupée depuis le XIIe siècle par des ordres rel
18225	Deux personnes sont les bienvenues mais il faut savoir que le lit ne mesure que 110cm de large.	Claire et lumineuse, chambre spacieuse et agréable dans un grand appartement calme. Entre le Musée Picasso et Beaubourg, 10 mm de le place des Vosges et de Notre Dame, situation idéale pour se déplacer à pied. Nous serons heureux de vous accueillir. Deux personnes sont les bienvenues mais il faut savoir que le lit ne mesure que 110cm de large.
18226	"This is a 18 square meters (approx: 200 sqft) studio apartment, located on rue Charlot in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris Marais district.  It is on the 3rd French floor without elevator. It includes a living/dining room, a opened equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  It will offer you all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 people for leisure or business travel.  It is served by the metro station ""Filles du Calvaire"". Equipment The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Intercom - Electric heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - DVD Player - Sofa bed wide 140 - Linen / towels - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Washing Machine - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room Surface of about 15 sqm - 161 sqft. It has a window and is equipped with a desk, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 2 chairs, an armchairs, a table and a coffee table. the bathroom It consists of a shower, a sink and a "	"This is a 18 square meters (approx: 200 sqft) studio apartment, located on rue Charlot in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris Marais district.  It is on the 3rd French floor without elevator. It includes a living/dining room, a opened equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  It will offer you all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 people for leisure or business travel.  It is served by the metro station ""Filles du Calvaire"". Equipment The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Intercom - Electric heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - DVD Player - Sofa bed wide 140 - Linen / towels - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Washing Machine - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room Surface of about 15 sqm - 161 sqft. It has a window and is equipped with a desk, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 2 chairs, an armchairs, a table and a coffee table. the bathroom It consists of a shower, a sink and a "
18227	Grand Studio of 37 m2, in Temple, between Republique and the Marais, in the heart of Paris. All wood, with south facing balcony, overlooking the rooftops. It's very quiet. Possibility to eat or drink on the balcony. Double bed, washing machine, wifi, TV, oven, sofa, bathtub. Nearest metro station.	Quiet, pleasant, central. Grand Studio of 37 m2, in Temple, between Republique and the Marais, in the heart of Paris. All wood, with south facing balcony, overlooking the rooftops. It's very quiet. Possibility to eat or drink on the balcony. Double bed, washing machine, wifi, TV, oven, sofa, bathtub. Nearest metro station. Subway, Bus (2min.)
18228	15 square meter ground floor studio on a private courtyard of a 17th typical building of Le Marais freshly renovated with exposed beams, half-timbered, exposed stones, bricks and teck wooden floor.  You will be in the heart of Paris, closed to Arts & Métiers subway station and bus stations and you will be able to move quickly all around Paris. You will optimize your stay!  Building and courtyard are accessible through a gate protected by a digit code number. All the double-glazed windows are built in safety unbreakable glass. Made for 2 persons with all the confort, a quiet place and easy to access! The fully equipped kitchen comes with a ceramic glass cooktop, an oven, an extractor fan, a microwave, a fridge-freezer, a dishwasher, a combo washer/dryer/steamer machine, a Nespresso pot and an italian pot, a kettle, a toaster and a foldaway table. A welcome kit will be offered to our guests! In the bathroom, you will find a shower stall, a WC, a sink, a towel drying heater and a hair dry	Studio on private courtyard luxuriously renovated, quiet, accessible, confortable for a wonderful stay in heart of Paris Le Marais, the most lively, festive area near Beaubourg, République , Bastille and Notre-Dame.             15 square meter ground floor studio on a private courtyard of a 17th typical building of Le Marais freshly renovated with exposed beams, half-timbered, exposed stones, bricks and teck wooden floor.  You will be in the heart of Paris, closed to Arts & Métiers subway station and bus stations and you will be able to move quickly all around Paris. You will optimize your stay!  Building and courtyard are accessible through a gate protected by a digit code number. All the double-glazed windows are built in safety unbreakable glass. Made for 2 persons with all the confort, a quiet place and easy to access! The fully equipped kitchen comes with a ceramic glass cooktop, an oven, an extractor fan, a microwave, a fridge-freezer, a dishwasher, a combo washer/dryer/steamer m
18229	Vous serez au coeur de Paris et pourrez visiter presque tous les plus beaux sites à pied ! À deux pas de centre Pompidou, et tout près de la Cathédrale Notre Dame.	Habitez dans le plus beau quartier de Paris, à un jet de pierre de l'hôtel de ville et du centre Pompidou, la Mecque de l'art moderne. Tout cela au calme, avec vue sur une magnifique cour intérieure et sur les toits de Paris. Rue Rambuteau à côté!    Vous serez au coeur de Paris et pourrez visiter presque tous les plus beaux sites à pied ! À deux pas de centre Pompidou, et tout près de la Cathédrale Notre Dame. Appartement tout équipé. Je partagerai tous mes coups de coeur. Ayant vécu dans ce quartier pendant plusieurs années, j'aime vous suggérer quelques bonnes adresses, parfois moins connues des touristes! C'est le plus beau de Paris! Particulièrement animé le weekend, même le dimanche, alors que toutes les boutiques demeurent ouvertes, pour le plaisir des amateurs de shopping ! À quelques mètres de la station de métro Rambuteau (Ligne 11). Très facile d'accéder à la station Hôtel de Ville (Ligne 1) ou encore Étienne Marcel (Ligne 4).  Endroit sécuritaire: Avec une clé protégée et u
18230	Tout d'abord mon joli appartement est situé au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur!), ce qui lui donne une très grande luminosité, la porte fenêtre et le petit balcon font rentrer le soleil toute la journée. En plus d'être idéalement placé dans le Marais et lumineux, il est aussi très calme, et donne sur une rue peu empruntée. ---- First of all my lovely apartment is located on the 4th floor (with elevator !), which gives it a very high brightness, door window and small balcony are returning the sun all day. In addition to being ideally located in Le Marais and bright , it is also very quiet , overlooking a little street you .	Bonjour, bonjour! Je vous propose mon joli studio de 27m² situé à environ 30 secondes de la sublime Place des Vosges dans le mythique quartier du Marais. Tout d'abord mon joli appartement est situé au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur!), ce qui lui donne une très grande luminosité, la porte fenêtre et le petit balcon font rentrer le soleil toute la journée. En plus d'être idéalement placé dans le Marais et lumineux, il est aussi très calme, et donne sur une rue peu empruntée. ---- First of all my lovely apartment is located on the 4th floor (with elevator !), which gives it a very high brightness, door window and small balcony are returning the sun all day. In addition to being ideally located in Le Marais and bright , it is also very quiet , overlooking a little street you . Les heureux voyageurs pourront profiter de l'emplacement parfait pour profiter de Paris et de ses alentours.  Etant au centre de la capitale, vous pourrez arpenter facilement tous les lieux les plus incontournables et dé
18231	Metro Temple or Republique, the apartment is in the center of Paris and the heart of the 3rd arrondissement. Everything is within walking distance. You can find in the adjacent streets many shops (bakeries, grocery store, post office, bank, ...). The apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator and overlooks a courtyard, which makes it very quiet. It is bright with 7 windows and a smaller one for the bathroom. The area of Temple is full of many restaurants, trendy shops and art galleries ... It has become in recent years one of the trendiest places for Parisians around the Rue de Bretagne and Marché des enfants rouges. 	Our apartment is located in the upper Marais, and more precisely in Rue de la Corderie who is a verdant street and steeped in history. Metro Temple or Republique, the apartment is in the center of Paris and the heart of the 3rd arrondissement. Everything is within walking distance. You can find in the adjacent streets many shops (bakeries, grocery store, post office, bank, ...). The apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator and overlooks a courtyard, which makes it very quiet. It is bright with 7 windows and a smaller one for the bathroom. The area of Temple is full of many restaurants, trendy shops and art galleries ... It has become in recent years one of the trendiest places for Parisians around the Rue de Bretagne and Marché des enfants rouges. Facilities  Double bed (2 people) - Sofa bed (1 person) - TV - Wifi  It is provided with linen and towels, free wireless internet access.  Small kitchen  Fridge freezer - Hob - Oven - Microwave - Coffee plunger - Washing machine - Toast
18232		Cet appartement, à deux pas de Place de la République (métro lignes 3,5,8,9,11), a été entièrement rénové pendant l'été 2013. Deux colocataires accueillants, grand salon avec poutres apparentes, grande cuisine surequipée, tous ce qu'il faut pour un agreable sejour.
18233	Welcome to this little nest, in the very heart of Paris. You can't be more central. There are plenty of restaurants, bars, boulangerie, delicatessen and shops all around. This studio consists in two room of 30m2 (floor). There is a bathroom, a sink, a microwave, a kettle and all needed to spend few days in Paris. There is also wifi. The apartment is at the 4th floor without elevator under the parisian roofs.  It is facing east so you get the chance to catch the sun rising. I hope you wil enjoy it !	Atypical cosy appartement in the heart of Paris. Very well located by the Centre Pompidou, Le Marais, l'Hôtel de Ville, 5 min from rue Montorgueil... It is very close to all public transportation: metro 11, 4, 3, 1, RER A, B, D Welcome to this little nest, in the very heart of Paris. You can't be more central. There are plenty of restaurants, bars, boulangerie, delicatessen and shops all around. This studio consists in two room of 30m2 (floor). There is a bathroom, a sink, a microwave, a kettle and all needed to spend few days in Paris. There is also wifi. The apartment is at the 4th floor without elevator under the parisian roofs.  It is facing east so you get the chance to catch the sun rising. I hope you wil enjoy it ! The appartement is right in the heart of Paris. So you have access to all the transports. 5 minutes from the Pompidou museum and Hotel de Ville. Marais is a cool shopping and design area.  Ideally situated in the heart of Paris in the Marais, 5 minutes on foot from Po
18234	Fully furnished and newly renovated apartment with open living room & fully equipped kitchen, separate bedroom with large king size bed, and modern bathroom. Perfect layout for a couple looking to have a romantic stay in Paris.	"Our two-room cosy apartment is located on 3rd floor of a classic Parisian building and is 27m2 size. It will comfortably fit two guests eager to discover the many sites located nearby (Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou, Seine river, Hotel de Ville)! Fully furnished and newly renovated apartment with open living room & fully equipped kitchen, separate bedroom with large king size bed, and modern bathroom. Perfect layout for a couple looking to have a romantic stay in Paris. 50"" flat screen TV Cable TV  Highspeed WIFI internet access Music speakers Iron & ironing board Vacuum cleaner Large computer screen for use with your laptop Hairdryer :) On demand, possibility to use iPhone 6+ during your stay for easier navigation and communication in Paris Amenities include:  - Set of fresh towels  - Soap, shampoo & conditioner  - Refreshments in the fridge Perfect central location in the heart of Le Marais. 1 min walk to ""Centre Pompidou"", ""Les Halles"", ""Arts et Métiers"", ""Hotel de Ville"". Multiple sho"
18235	Fall under the spell of this large family flat in one of the most beautiful area of the French capital. . 6-room-flat in the the Marais district in the centre of Paris.  The flat includes 4 rooms (2 rooms with a simple bed and 2 rooms with a double bed incl.1 queen size), 2 additional sleeping arrangements with the living room's double bed settee. (baby bed travel cot available on demand). Well fitted independant kitchen. A properly tuned piano is available in one bedroom.   We are a family of 5 with 3 children each one has its own room. We are happy to share the pleasure of living in this nice place located in this historical Parisian district with friendly guests. If we cannot be there to welcome you, the baby-sitter of our children who perfectly knows the flat and the area will do her utmost to help. Located in one of the most charming area of France capital city, you will be enchanted by this 100-sq.mtr appartment which belongs to a 18th century old building with wooden floor, big 	Fall under the spell of this large family flat in one of the most beautiful area of the French capital. . 6-room-flat in the the Marais district in the centre of Paris.  The flat includes 4 rooms (2 rooms with a simple bed and 2 rooms with a double bed incl.1 queen size), 2 additional sleeping arrangements with the living room's double bed settee. (baby bed travel cot available on demand). Well fitted independant kitchen. A properly tuned piano is available in one bedroom.   We are a family of 5 with 3 children each one has its own room. We are happy to share the pleasure of living in this nice place located in this historical Parisian district with friendly guests. If we cannot be there to welcome you, the baby-sitter of our children who perfectly knows the flat and the area will do her utmost to help. Located in one of the most charming area of France capital city, you will be enchanted by this 100-sq.mtr appartment which belongs to a 18th century old building with wooden floor, big 
18236	This is the smallest apartments we offer , for a small budget.  The kitchen is fully equipped : electric cooker, microwave with grill , washing-machine.   Four blocks away from the Pompidou Center and minutes away from historical Marais it is 100 yards from Strasbourg Saint Denis a 4 line connected Metro station.   Very comfortably furnished it has the genuine charm of a French fashion decoration .   Wether on a business trip or just for leisure, you will definetly enjoy your stay.   INTERNET WIRELESS PROTECT AND TELEPHONE WITH FREE CALLS TO ALL EUROPE , USA , CANADA , SOUTH AMERICA , ETC 	Few blocks away from the Pompidou Center and minutes away from historical Marais it is 100 yards from Strasbourg Saint Denis a 4 line connected Metro station.  Very comfortably furnished it has the genuine charm of a French fashion decoration .  This is the smallest apartments we offer , for a small budget.  The kitchen is fully equipped : electric cooker, microwave with grill , washing-machine.   Four blocks away from the Pompidou Center and minutes away from historical Marais it is 100 yards from Strasbourg Saint Denis a 4 line connected Metro station.   Very comfortably furnished it has the genuine charm of a French fashion decoration .   Wether on a business trip or just for leisure, you will definetly enjoy your stay.   INTERNET WIRELESS PROTECT AND TELEPHONE WITH FREE CALLS TO ALL EUROPE , USA , CANADA , SOUTH AMERICA , ETC  Few blocks away from the Pompidou Center and minutes away from historical Marais it is 100 yards from Strasbourg Saint Denis a 4 line connected Metro station
18237	2 pièces d’une surface de 47m², il peut accueillir 4 personnes et est constitué : d’une CUISINE indépendante équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetière, micro-ondes, grille-pain, plaques de cuisson, four, lave-vaisselle,machine à laver, vaisselle et ustensiles); d’une SALLE DE BAIN avec baignoire, douche, WC, sèche-cheveux; d’un grand SALON équipé d’un canapé lit 2 places 140X200 cm; ventilateur, TV-DVD, chaine HI-FI, WI-FI gratuit; et dune petite CHAMBRE équipé d un lit 2 places 140x200 cm. Le linge de maison est fourni (serviettes et draps). Stores, double vitrage, parquet de chêne massif, chauffage central, 220V.	Cet appartement, clair et lumineux, est situé au 4ème étage, sans ascenseur,idéalement situé, en plein cœur de Paris a 2 pas du quartier animé de Beaubourg. Accès facile à tout Paris. M° Station Rambuteau ou Arts et Métiers, BUS, RER à proximité. 2 pièces d’une surface de 47m², il peut accueillir 4 personnes et est constitué : d’une CUISINE indépendante équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetière, micro-ondes, grille-pain, plaques de cuisson, four, lave-vaisselle,machine à laver, vaisselle et ustensiles); d’une SALLE DE BAIN avec baignoire, douche, WC, sèche-cheveux; d’un grand SALON équipé d’un canapé lit 2 places 140X200 cm; ventilateur, TV-DVD, chaine HI-FI, WI-FI gratuit; et dune petite CHAMBRE équipé d un lit 2 places 140x200 cm. Le linge de maison est fourni (serviettes et draps). Stores, double vitrage, parquet de chêne massif, chauffage central, 220V. Digicode et interphone. Au 4è étage sans ascenseur. Mon ami Armando vous acceuillera chaleureusement. Idéalement situé, en pl
18238	Paris holiday apartment a2danslemarais for lease located in the heart of the historic Marais district on Rue Rambuteau, and is within walking distance to the metro, the Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame and George Pompidou museum. This charming, bright and intimate apartment was recently renovated. It is situated on the fifth floor of a magnificent walkup building built in 1840. The amenities include full bath with shower, fully equipped kitchen (small refrigerator, dishwasher, washing machine, 2-burner hot plate and microwave, Nespresso machine), free wifi, TV.   Le Marais : History  Le Marais is a oldest historic district in Paris, France. Long the aristocratic district of Paris it hosts many outstanding architectural buildings. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine).  Development of this sector of Paris began in the 12th Century AD when a religious order called The Order of the Temple established its fortified c	Paris holiday apartment a2danslemarais for lease located in the heart of the historic Marais district on Rue Rambuteau, and is within walking distance to the metro, the Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame and George Pompidou museum. This charming, bright and intimate apartment was recently renovated. It is situated on the fifth floor of a magnificent walkup building built in 1840. The amenities include full bath with shower, fully equipped kitchen (small refrigerator, dishwasher, washing machine, 2-burner hot plate and microwave, Nespresso machine), free wifi, TV.   Le Marais : History  Le Marais is a oldest historic district in Paris, France. Long the aristocratic district of Paris it hosts many outstanding architectural buildings. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine).  Development of this sector of Paris began in the 12th Century AD when a religious order called The Order of the Temple established its fortified c
18239	This charming and modern bedroom, giving into a quiet court, is composed of a real double bed (140 x 190 cms), a wardrobe and a chest of drawers. Harmonious decoration. The bathroom is modern and spacious with a washing machine, a shower and toilet. You have an access to the kitchen, opened on a living room-(website hidden) cable and a coffee table.	"Charming and calm bedroom in the heart of Paris, ""Le Marais"". In a beautiful flat, perfectly equipped, spacious, and enlightened. This charming and modern bedroom, giving into a quiet court, is composed of a real double bed (140 x 190 cms), a wardrobe and a chest of drawers. Harmonious decoration. The bathroom is modern and spacious with a washing machine, a shower and toilet. You have an access to the kitchen, opened on a living room-(website hidden) cable and a coffee table. The building completely renovated, dating eighteenth century, has an elevator. The flat has a secured entrance into the building by having a security code. I am at your disposal to welcome and inform you about all the modalities for the blooming of your journey and long stays. Sheets and bath towels are supplied. The apartment is ideally located ! - 15 minutes walk from the Tuileries - Supermarkets (G20 and Monoprix) and bakeries close. Numerous restaurants, bars, shops, concept-stores (Colette, Surface to Air) a"
18240		Pour Famille avec 2 enfants et 1 bébé, grand appartement Haussmannien refait par architecte, neuf tout confort, au cœur du vieux Paris Vous êtes au coeur du quartier le plus branché de Paris, fooding, design, mode .... à deux pas du Centre Pompidou, à quatre pas de Notre Dame metro bus taxis
18241		52m2 one bedroom in the Marais with a lovely courtyard. Close from Metro. Recently renovated, cozy, calm and comfortable, fully equipped. Few minutes walk from Place des Vosges, Centre Pompidou, Notre Dame, la Seine, Chatelet and Canal St Martin. You can email or call us at any time
18242		I'm letting my room in a 3-bedroom flat situated in the Marais/République neigbourhood in central Paris. The flat has everything you need: well equipped kitchen, shower & bath tub, big living room, separate toilet. + Friendly and helpful flatmates :)
18243	Make the best of your stay in one of the most beautiful cities of the world. This exceptional apartment is the perfect mix of space and coziness. It's light-filled rooms will make you feel in your home away from home, a harbor of peace Make the best of your stay in one of the most beautiful cities of the world. This  apartment is the perfect mix of space and coziness It  will make you feel in your home away from home, a harbor of peace.	Make the best of your stay in one of the most beautiful cities of the world. This exceptional apartment is the perfect mix of space and coziness. It's light-filled rooms will make you feel in your home away from home, a harbor of peace. Make the best of your stay in one of the most beautiful cities of the world. This exceptional apartment is the perfect mix of space and coziness. It's light-filled rooms will make you feel in your home away from home, a harbor of peace Make the best of your stay in one of the most beautiful cities of the world. This  apartment is the perfect mix of space and coziness It  will make you feel in your home away from home, a harbor of peace.
18244	This beautiful 70m2 apartment has been tastefully equipped by an architect and is located in a 5th floor of a XVII century building (without elevator), which means you have to be fit to climb the stairs to the top! Would not recommend it for elderly, pregnant or young children if parents think they will not be able to cope.  It lays on a quiet street inside the Marais, a historic neighbourhood in Paris, surrounded by cafes and shops. There is one bath tub in the master bedroom, a  W.C. and  shower room with washbasin. The double bed is 140x200 and the single beds are 90x200. The ceiling height is 2,50m at the highest point and descends dramatically on a slope as you can appreciate on the photos, so tall guests should mind the beams.	This stunning 5th floor flat is located in the heart of Paris, comfortably fits 4 guests. Now available for monthly bookings from Nov 2015 -Feb 2016 for 2 - 3 guests. This beautiful 70m2 apartment has been tastefully equipped by an architect and is located in a 5th floor of a XVII century building (without elevator), which means you have to be fit to climb the stairs to the top! Would not recommend it for elderly, pregnant or young children if parents think they will not be able to cope.  It lays on a quiet street inside the Marais, a historic neighbourhood in Paris, surrounded by cafes and shops. There is one bath tub in the master bedroom, a  W.C. and  shower room with washbasin. The double bed is 140x200 and the single beds are 90x200. The ceiling height is 2,50m at the highest point and descends dramatically on a slope as you can appreciate on the photos, so tall guests should mind the beams. Guests will have access to Cable TV, Internet and GCH. Linen and towels are included in th
18245	"Marais 2 bedroom - (Sleeps 6)  (approx 80 sq mt.  or 850 sq ft.) Situated in an 18th century building that was formally an old printing works, we have maintained many of the old and original features. Positioned on the ground and 1st floors of the building you enter in through the old courtyard where you are invited to a lush oasis of plants and greenery. The apartment or former ""atelier"" was used by the many of the Parisian artisans from the past. The 10-meter long wall of glass means that there is always lots of light. Featuring a large chefs kitchen on the ground floor with centre-island and large living and dining area. An old spiral staircase leads you up to a quaint bedroom with 4-poster bed and a second bedroom that also has independent access. Both beautifully appointed with large windows and high ceilings yet away from the noise of the bustling street. Features  1King size 4 Poster bed in private bedroom  1Queen sofa bed in private bedroom 1Queen size sofa bed in living area  "	"Marais 2 bedroom - (Sleeps 6)  (approx 80 sq mt.  or 850 sq ft.) Situated in an 18th century building that was formally an old printing works, we have maintained many of the old and original features. Positioned on the ground and 1st floors of the building you enter in through the old courtyard where you are invited to a lush oasis of plants and greenery. The apartment or former ""atelier"" was used by the many of the Parisian artisans from the past. The 10-meter long wall of glass means that there is always lots of light. Featuring a large chefs kitchen on the ground floor with centre-island and large living and dining area. An old spiral staircase leads you up to a quaint bedroom with 4-poster bed and a second bedroom that also has independent access. Both beautifully appointed with large windows and high ceilings yet away from the noise of the bustling street. Features  1King size 4 Poster bed in private bedroom  1Queen sofa bed in private bedroom 1Queen size sofa bed in living area  "
18246		Hi there my lovely apartment is next to the best area in Paris in le marais. There is double bed, office desk washing machine, shower, microwave. The view is really nice to :) its a very clean light studio. Everyone loves it!!! PM me if it's free!
18247	Je vous conseille de ne pas apporter de grands et encombrants sacs parce qu'il ya un assez petit espace. Je dors sur la couchette du haut, mais à peine fréquente dans la chambre. Cependant, il est important de connaître et de préciser qu'il est une pièce séparée, mais a ce que vous avez besoin pour votre séjour. petit-déjeuner offre (entre 3 et 5 € supplémentaires par personne) et le dîner (cuisine maison préparée par ma mère) (5 à 8 € par personne supplémentaire)	Petit 10m2 chambre partagée. Je vous offre un canapé pour 2 personnes et un mezzadine, une kitchenette et un mini-réfrigérateur disponible. Il est en face du Parc Butte Chaumont, 75 bus et métro porte 5min. Cartier très calme et bien situé. Je vous conseille de ne pas apporter de grands et encombrants sacs parce qu'il ya un assez petit espace. Je dors sur la couchette du haut, mais à peine fréquente dans la chambre. Cependant, il est important de connaître et de préciser qu'il est une pièce séparée, mais a ce que vous avez besoin pour votre séjour. petit-déjeuner offre (entre 3 et 5 € supplémentaires par personne) et le dîner (cuisine maison préparée par ma mère) (5 à 8 € par personne supplémentaire) Bus 75 (Pont des arts-Republique)- 26(Gare Saint Lazare)Metro 2 Colonel Fabien-Metro 2/5 Jaures y Metro Bolívar entre otros medios muy útiles para desplazarte en cualquier parte de Paris
18248	This 1 bedroom apartment, located in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, Marais area on rue de Saintonge (famous street in the Marais area), is 55 square meters (approximately 572 square feet). On the 1st floor, it proposes One bedroom, one bathroom with separated toilets, one mezzanine, one living room and one equipped opened kitchen. It is possible to welcome 4 people, 2 double beds and 1 sofa bed for business or leisure travel.  Metro Filles du Calvaire. You can find close to the apartment a lot of trendy restaurants / coffees / shops / museums / stores in the Marais area, very well known as an alive district. Not far to the Georges Pompidou center, The Hotel de Ville, Place des Vosges, Picasso Museum.	This 1 bedroom apartment, located in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, Marais area on rue de Saintonge (famous street in the Marais area), is 55 square meters (approximately 572 square feet). On the 1st floor, it proposes One bedroom, one bathroom with separated toilets, one mezzanine, one living room and one equipped opened kitchen. It is possible to welcome 4 people, 2 double beds and 1 sofa bed for business or leisure travel.  Metro Filles du Calvaire. You can find close to the apartment a lot of trendy restaurants / coffees / shops / museums / stores in the Marais area, very well known as an alive district. Not far to the Georges Pompidou center, The Hotel de Ville, Place des Vosges, Picasso Museum. If you arrive early or leave late you can store your luggage in an automatic locker located nearby : City Locker (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Le Marais, Hôtel de Ville, Châtelet, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Opéra, Madeleine, Saint Lazare) Si vous devez arriver plus tôt ou p
18249	ligne metro 3, station temple	cosy bachelor in a heart of paris. From there you will enjoy parisian life.There is a lot of bar, restaurant, it is close from eveywhere . It is a small bachelor clean with a kitchnette and shower. the wc is not indoor but clean and on the same floor ligne metro 3, station temple ligne metro 3, station temple the stairs to get to the place are old
18250	...and a sweet adorable cat! Beautiful spacious 115 sq meter, 2 BR, 2nd floor apartment on the Square du Temple with private patio/terrace.  One bedroom with queen size bed opening onto the terrace, the other with a double bed (and large balcony facing East).  1 bathroom and toilet.  Large, 40 square meter living/dining area basked in light facing East with large balcony.  High ceilings, mouldings, luminous and airy.  Teak table and chairs on patio/terrace, seating for 6.  Dining area seats 8 comfortably.  Fully equipped kitchen.  All amenities--sheets, towels etc.  No TV but broadband internet access (iMac provided) and free calls to the US and Canada. Centrally located on the Square du Temple, a step away from the rue de Bretagne and just a short walk from Hotel de Ville, the River, Notre Dame, Pompidou etc. Renters must be cat lovers as we are leaving our dear pet and friend, Coco.  She is 7 years old, very friendly and social--loves people and children. Available July 27-Aug 17, 1 	...and a sweet adorable cat! Beautiful spacious 115 sq meter, 2 BR, 2nd floor apartment on the Square du Temple with private patio/terrace.  One bedroom with queen size bed opening onto the terrace, the other with a double bed (and large balcony facing East).  1 bathroom and toilet.  Large, 40 square meter living/dining area basked in light facing East with large balcony.  High ceilings, mouldings, luminous and airy.  Teak table and chairs on patio/terrace, seating for 6.  Dining area seats 8 comfortably.  Fully equipped kitchen.  All amenities--sheets, towels etc.  No TV but broadband internet access (iMac provided) and free calls to the US and Canada. Centrally located on the Square du Temple, a step away from the rue de Bretagne and just a short walk from Hotel de Ville, the River, Notre Dame, Pompidou etc. Renters must be cat lovers as we are leaving our dear pet and friend, Coco.  She is 7 years old, very friendly and social--loves people and children. Available July 27-Aug 17, 1 
18251	"Find a beautiful studio 32m2 renovated by an architect with high quality materials. Located in the center of ""Le Marais"" district, just 50 meters from the center Georges Pompidou and within 5 minutes walk from the Hotel de Ville and the Seine River, the historic center of Paris may safely be explored on foot (Cathedral Notre-Dame, Saint-Louis island or the Louvre). Only 50 meters walk to the metro Rambuteau (line 11) et 5 minutes walk to the Châtelet les Halles station where you can get different lines (Line 1, line 4, RER A and B serving 2 Paris airports). Many restaurants, markets, bakeries are close to the apartment. In a large open space you will find: - The living room with a sofa bed for 2 people with a video projector and a 5m diagonal full stereo system and international TV (200 channels)! - An alcove, separated from the living area by a low wall,  with a bed for 2 people which can be transformed in a desk with wireless Internet access. There is also a large wardrobe. - An open"	Retrouvez un magnifique appartement de 32m2 refait à neuf par un architecte avec des matériaux de grande qualité et entièrement équipé !Situé en plein cœur du Marais à seulement 100 mètres du centre Georges Pompidou et à 5 min à pied de l'Hôtel de Ville et de la Seine. Le centre historique de Paris pourra sans problème se visiter à pied (Cathédrale Notre-Dame, l’Ile Saint Louis ou bien le Louvre).Il n’y a que 50 mètres jusqu’au Métro Rambuteau (Ligne 11) et 5 minutes pour aller à Châtelet les Halles où passent de nombreuses lignes de transport (Ligne 1, Ligne 4, Ligne 11, RER A et B qui desservent les 2 aéroports de Paris).De très nombreux restaurants, supermarchés, boulangeries et autres boutiques se situent à proximité.Dans un grand espace ouvert vous trouverez :- Le salon avec un canapé convertible pour 2 personnes avec un vidéo projecteur de 5m de diagonal et un système hifi complet et TV internationale (200 chaînes) !- Une alcove, séparé du salon par un petit muret, accueille un l
18252	"Quiet one bedroom apartment newly renovated and decorated with unique pieces in antique buidling in fashion street Rue Charlot. Bedroom with queen size bed towards the green patio, bathroom with handmade italian tiles, extra guest restroom, fully equipped kitchen, living room with sofabed and dining table for 6. Windows in all (website hidden), free 24 hour wifi.   ""Rue Charlot"" is 5 - 10 minutes walking distance to the Picasso Museum, Place de Voges and the Cultural Centre Pompidou as well as the Bastille and Paris Opera. Notre Dame and the Louvre are to reach in about 15 minutes by foot. Subway stops are ""Temple"", ""Arts et Metiers"" or ""Oberkampf"". Close by also ""Cirque d'hiver"" a must for Parisiens once a year. A fresh fruit, vegetable and fish market is just around the corner, the trendy ""marche des enfants rouges"" where Sunday morning the fashion world goes for brunch. Several fine bakeries and restaurants from maroccan to typical french and shushi on Rue Bretagne and around. "	"Quiet one bedroom apartment newly renovated and decorated with unique pieces in antique buidling in fashion street Rue Charlot. Bedroom with queen size bed towards the green patio, bathroom with handmade italian tiles, extra guest restroom, fully equipped kitchen, living room with sofabed and dining table for 6. Windows in all (website hidden), free 24 hour wifi.   ""Rue Charlot"" is 5 - 10 minutes walking distance to the Picasso Museum, Place de Voges and the Cultural Centre Pompidou as well as the Bastille and Paris Opera. Notre Dame and the Louvre are to reach in about 15 minutes by foot. Subway stops are ""Temple"", ""Arts et Metiers"" or ""Oberkampf"". Close by also ""Cirque d'hiver"" a must for Parisiens once a year. A fresh fruit, vegetable and fish market is just around the corner, the trendy ""marche des enfants rouges"" where Sunday morning the fashion world goes for brunch. Several fine bakeries and restaurants from maroccan to typical french and shushi on Rue Bretagne and around. Whene"
18253	C'est un appartement vraiment agréable à vivre, très ensoleillé, la vue est superbe, l'espace bien organisé... on respire !	"A beautiful 60sqm appartment in the heart of Le Marais, next to (Carreau du Temple, marché des enfants rouges, café de la Perle)... The view ? All green ! It's the wonderful square du Temple. You see trees and flowers when you get up : invaluable. It's a wonderful neighborhood, some say fashioned or ""bobo"", it remained extremely lively and warmful. Artists, shops, great restaurants and cafes, there is always life down there. Metro Temple, Arts et Metiers (3 mins each) or Republique (5 mins). Bus 20 or 75."
18254	Customized apartment with an unique and original decoration, inspired by our different travels, our guests will immediately feel comfortable. I will be present to show the neighborhood, to answer to all your needs.  Appartement très personnalisé et unique de par sa décoration originale, inspirée par nos différents voyages, nos occupants se sentiront immédiatement à l'aise. Je serais présente pour vous montrer le quartier, pour répondre à tous vos besoins 	I rent one of the rooms of my 75m2 fully equipped apartment (TV, internet etc.) in the heart of Paris, central 3th arrondissement, known to be one of the hippest and youngest neighborhood of Paris. 2 nights minimum.  Customized apartment with an unique and original decoration, inspired by our different travels, our guests will immediately feel comfortable. I will be present to show the neighborhood, to answer to all your needs.  Appartement très personnalisé et unique de par sa décoration originale, inspirée par nos différents voyages, nos occupants se sentiront immédiatement à l'aise. Je serais présente pour vous montrer le quartier, pour répondre à tous vos besoins  Our guests will have access to all the commodities offered by the apartment.  Les voyageurs auront accès à toutes les commodités offertes par l'appartement As much as they want!  Autant qu'ils le souhaitent!  It's the heart of Paris but in a very calm street!  Near to Place de la République, one of the most famous and sym
18255	Small (13 sqm - 14O sqft) but cleverly finished and on the first floor, our studio is perfect for a couple or a single person who wants a base to explore Paris. You will find in the kitchen a real oven, a cooking hob and a Nespresso machine. The sofa bed is very comfortable, the mattress of 14 cm high resilience is adapted to a regular sleeping. You can leave the duvet and sheets inside.	Discover our charming and tastefully decorated studio in the Marais area, near Beaubourg and Republic. Ideally located for exploring the Marais and all Paris thanks to 4 lines of metro & RER. Small (13 sqm - 14O sqft) but cleverly finished and on the first floor, our studio is perfect for a couple or a single person who wants a base to explore Paris. You will find in the kitchen a real oven, a cooking hob and a Nespresso machine. The sofa bed is very comfortable, the mattress of 14 cm high resilience is adapted to a regular sleeping. You can leave the duvet and sheets inside. Guests have access to the entire studio (living room and kitchen, bathroom and toilets). Discover the famous Marais, the heart of historic Paris, a privileged place for walking, discovery and shopping. Less known but equally charming, you'll be just minutes from the Marché des Enfants Rouge and the Carreau du Temple and all its terraces and trendy restaurants. Close to the metro stations Arts et Métiers and Réaumu
18256	Le studio est en plein coeur du Marais. À deux pas du Centre Pompidou - Beaubourg, proche de l'hôtel de ville et de la place de la République. Ce studio typique du 3eme arrondissement, aux poutres apparentes, est très calme et tout équipé. La pièce principale  dispose d'un lit deux places mezzanine ainsi que d'un canapé convertible, de rangements, d'étagères et meme de portes guitares pour les mélomanes. Elle est équipée d'un grand écran plat, de leds pour l'ambiance, et d'une PS3 (à négocier). La cuisine en tomettes dispose de vaisselle pour deux, de rangements (en hauteur et placards), d'une table murale convertible, d'une machine à laver, d'un micro-ondes-combiné-grill et d'une machine à café. La salle de bain est équipée d'une grande cabine de douche, et de Wc ainsi que de rangements en hauteur. Serviettes et produits d'entretien à disposition. Wi-Fi Fibre Optique compris. Attention, l'adorable chaton n'est pas inclus :) 	Métro Arts et Métiers, à deux pas de Beaubourg, studio de 20m2 tout équipé très calme, au 2eme étage d'un immeuble sur cour. Lit 2 places en mezzanine, canapé convertible, cuisine séparée, machine à laver, internet, écran plat, commerces à proximité. Le studio est en plein coeur du Marais. À deux pas du Centre Pompidou - Beaubourg, proche de l'hôtel de ville et de la place de la République. Ce studio typique du 3eme arrondissement, aux poutres apparentes, est très calme et tout équipé. La pièce principale  dispose d'un lit deux places mezzanine ainsi que d'un canapé convertible, de rangements, d'étagères et meme de portes guitares pour les mélomanes. Elle est équipée d'un grand écran plat, de leds pour l'ambiance, et d'une PS3 (à négocier). La cuisine en tomettes dispose de vaisselle pour deux, de rangements (en hauteur et placards), d'une table murale convertible, d'une machine à laver, d'un micro-ondes-combiné-grill et d'une machine à café. La salle de bain est équipée d'une grande c
18257	The apartment is about 450 sqft (40 m2) has a bedroom for 2, a kitchen and a spacious living room. It is on the 3rd and last floor. There are no other apartments above this one so it is very luminous! AVAILABLE for 2 PEOPLE My apartment is available for the whole month of August.  The place is spacious 2 rooms / 1 bedroom + 1 living room apartment located in the Marais, Arts et Metiers subway station.  2 people can sleep in the room  The apartment is also composed of a independent very furnished kitchen and a bathroom with a bathtub. Below are some more details about the room and the apartment. The Apartment The apartment is about 450 sqft (40 m2) has a bedroom, a kitchen and a spacious living room. It is on the 3rd and last floor. There are no other apartments above this one so it is very luminous! Windows open out to the courtyard. So overall the apartment provides enough space to host dinner parties in the living room. The kitchen is perfect for 2 to 3 people. The building as the st	Perfectly located in the center of Paris ! 450 sqft (40 m2) for a bedroom for 2, an indep. kitchen and a spacious living room. It is on the 3rd and last floor. There are no other apartments above this one, so it is calm and very luminous!  The apartment is about 450 sqft (40 m2) has a bedroom for 2, a kitchen and a spacious living room. It is on the 3rd and last floor. There are no other apartments above this one so it is very luminous! AVAILABLE for 2 PEOPLE My apartment is available for the whole month of August.  The place is spacious 2 rooms / 1 bedroom + 1 living room apartment located in the Marais, Arts et Metiers subway station.  2 people can sleep in the room  The apartment is also composed of a independent very furnished kitchen and a bathroom with a bathtub. Below are some more details about the room and the apartment. The Apartment The apartment is about 450 sqft (40 m2) has a bedroom, a kitchen and a spacious living room. It is on the 3rd and last floor. There are no other
18258		Super close to the Rue de Bretagne : Nice flat with a super cosy main room and a separate kitchen for gourmet ! In the middle of the historical Marais, you can enjoy trendy parisian lifestyle ! Hope to welcome you soon...
18259	Nice studio (18 m² ) on a quiet courtyard, offering a view over Paris's roofs.	Nice studio located in Le Marais, a well-known historical district of Paris, rich in museums, shops and restaurants. 4th flour with 1 large bedroom, 1 shower room and a kitchen area. In a pedestrian quiet street with a supermarket and a laundry.  Nice studio (18 m² ) on a quiet courtyard, offering a view over Paris's roofs. Internet WiFi. Close to the Centre Pompidou and to numerous museums, shops and restaurants.  In city center, a few minutes on foot from Republic, Strasbourg-Saint-Denis, Hôtel de ville or Châtelet. Subway stations Arts et métiers (line 3 et 9) and Réaumur Sébastopol (line 4). 
18260	One line description: Charming, modern and fully equipped studio-flat, close to Bastille and the fashionable Marais district, to provide you with the ideal base to discover Paris ! WIFI and balcony looking over a calm street. The studio has a comfortable double-bed (140*200cm), a small kitchen area, a good-sized bathroom and a privat entrance. Our flat is situated just opposite the studio, so we'll be on hand to provide you with any information you may require. A bit more about the area: The studio is uniquely situated at the crossroads of trendy, cultural and typically Parisian neighbourhoods (Marais, Place des Vosges, Oberkampf, Bastille, République) and in very close walking distance from  convenient tube (lines 8, 5 and 1) and bus stations. The Marais is one of the most trendy, typical and exciting neighbourhoods in Paris: it combines - incredible historical buildings (place des Vosges, hotel de Sens, St Paul Church ...),  - cultural landmarks (the musée Picasso, the musée Carnaval	One line description: Charming, modern and fully equipped studio-flat, close to Bastille and the fashionable Marais district, to provide you with the ideal base to discover Paris ! WIFI and balcony looking over a calm street. The studio has a comfortable double-bed (140*200cm), a small kitchen area, a good-sized bathroom and a privat entrance. Our flat is situated just opposite the studio, so we'll be on hand to provide you with any information you may require. A bit more about the area: The studio is uniquely situated at the crossroads of trendy, cultural and typically Parisian neighbourhoods (Marais, Place des Vosges, Oberkampf, Bastille, République) and in very close walking distance from  convenient tube (lines 8, 5 and 1) and bus stations. The Marais is one of the most trendy, typical and exciting neighbourhoods in Paris: it combines - incredible historical buildings (place des Vosges, hotel de Sens, St Paul Church ...),  - cultural landmarks (the musée Picasso, the musée Carnaval
18261	"Cet appartement ""Côté Marais"" est mon logement... il dispose donc de tout le confort (accessoires de cuisine etc.) mais aussi des guides et des livres sur Paris pour tous les amoureux de la ville. Outre mon lit (un NOUVEAU matelas très confortable), il dispose d'un canapé convertible et confortable pour deux personnes. La salle de bain est dotée d'une baignoire et de toilettes (website hidden) déco illustre les recherches et voyages du propriétaire qui est écrivain."	"Appartement de charme comprenant salon-salle à manger, une cuisine, une chambre, salle de bain et toilettes. Un nid confortable en plein Marais, proche de la place des Vosges, de Beaubourg, du Louvre et des nombreux bars et restaurants du quartier. Accès métro très simple. Coup de coeur! Cet appartement ""Côté Marais"" est mon logement... il dispose donc de tout le confort (accessoires de cuisine etc.) mais aussi des guides et des livres sur Paris pour tous les amoureux de la ville. Outre mon lit (un NOUVEAU matelas très confortable), il dispose d'un canapé convertible et confortable pour deux personnes. La salle de bain est dotée d'une baignoire et de toilettes (website hidden) déco illustre les recherches et voyages du propriétaire qui est écrivain. De cet appartement ""côté Marais"", vous pourrez aisément vous déplacer à pied dans le le coeur de Paris. Vous serez aussi à quelques minutes de la Seine, de la Rive Gauche et du quartier de Saint Germain."
18262		Superbe appartement, quasiment plein centre de Paris, dans le superbe quartier authentique du Marais. Check in late fee after 8pm : 20€
18263	Walking distance to the heart of the Paris gay area, Les Halles, Republique, The Picasso Museum, Canal Saint Martin and much more!	Modern, clean, quiet apartment in the heart of the Marais with a courtyard view.  Located right next to shops, a supermarket as well as lively cafes and restaurants.   Short distance to 2 metro stations, making it very easy to get around the city. Walking distance to the heart of the Paris gay area, Les Halles, Republique, The Picasso Museum, Canal Saint Martin and much more!
18264	Très belle hauteur sous plafond.  Situé au 2 éme étage avec ascenseur d'un très bel immeuble dans le style Gustave Eiffel.  Les parties communes refaites à neuf par la célèbre styliste Popy Moreni. L'appartement est très calme et très lumineux.  Voici ce que vous y trouverez: - Un coin chambre avec un lit double ( queen size)tout neuf et confortable.  - Le coin salon, avec une atmosphère cosy, avec un canapé confortable pour vous reposer.  Tout est fait pour que vous vous sentiez chez vous! TV et connexion internet sans fil très haut débit (fibre).  - Une cuisine ouverte, équipée du nécessaire pour vos repas à la maison. - La salle de bain, neuve et moderne, avec une baignoire.	Bienvenue dans ce ravissant 2 pièces de 30 m2, très calme et refait à neuf au coeur du quartier piéton du carreau du Temple. Proche de la très célèbre rue de Bretagne et du fameux marché des enfants rouge. Très belle hauteur sous plafond.  Situé au 2 éme étage avec ascenseur d'un très bel immeuble dans le style Gustave Eiffel.  Les parties communes refaites à neuf par la célèbre styliste Popy Moreni. L'appartement est très calme et très lumineux.  Voici ce que vous y trouverez: - Un coin chambre avec un lit double ( queen size)tout neuf et confortable.  - Le coin salon, avec une atmosphère cosy, avec un canapé confortable pour vous reposer.  Tout est fait pour que vous vous sentiez chez vous! TV et connexion internet sans fil très haut débit (fibre).  - Une cuisine ouverte, équipée du nécessaire pour vos repas à la maison. - La salle de bain, neuve et moderne, avec une baignoire. Métro Temple situé à 1 minute de l'appartement. Proche de la place de la République et de ses nombreuses li
18265	In a modern building, Inside a large and calm court yard, on the ground floor, in the heart of the historical district LE MARAIS in the very center of Paris. Less a minute walk from the metro, this is a large studio with a queen size bed and a double sofa bed. You got all the modern confort with a large bathroom and a large kitchen where you can have a meal. In the heart of Paris,  all main monuments such as Le louvre, Notre Dame de Paris, le Musée Grévin et le Musée Picasso are reachable in less 10 minutes walk. You can also find all the great restaurants, coffee places, typical designs shops of le Marais and you are near the biggest moal of PARIS, les Halles.	In the heart of the Marais, beautiful modern studio with all comodity In a modern building, Inside a large and calm court yard, on the ground floor, in the heart of the historical district LE MARAIS in the very center of Paris. Less a minute walk from the metro, this is a large studio with a queen size bed and a double sofa bed. You got all the modern confort with a large bathroom and a large kitchen where you can have a meal. In the heart of Paris,  all main monuments such as Le louvre, Notre Dame de Paris, le Musée Grévin et le Musée Picasso are reachable in less 10 minutes walk. You can also find all the great restaurants, coffee places, typical designs shops of le Marais and you are near the biggest moal of PARIS, les Halles.
18266	In the heart of Le Marais, a newly refurbished, quiet, bright and sunny 3 bedroom apartment. This quiet and spacious 95 m2 apartment has three bedrooms overlooking a small courtyard, two bathrooms (one with a bath tub, one with a shower), a front room, a separate kitchen that overlooks a small street and separate toilets. Close to and well served by public transport : underground lines 8, 9 and 5. buses 20, 65 and 96 Bathroom towels, hair drier, two 140cmx200cm beds,  one 160 x200 bed, Internet connection.	In the heart of Le Marais, a newly refurbished, quiet, bright and sunny 3 bedroom apartment. This quiet and spacious 95 m2 apartment has three bedrooms overlooking a small courtyard, two bathrooms (one with a bath tub, one with a shower), a front room, a separate kitchen that overlooks a small street and separate toilets. In the heart of Le Marais, a newly refurbished, quiet, bright and sunny 3 bedroom apartment. This quiet and spacious 95 m2 apartment has three bedrooms overlooking a small courtyard, two bathrooms (one with a bath tub, one with a shower), a front room, a separate kitchen that overlooks a small street and separate toilets. Close to and well served by public transport : underground lines 8, 9 and 5. buses 20, 65 and 96 Bathroom towels, hair drier, two 140cmx200cm beds,  one 160 x200 bed, Internet connection. Welcome basket on arrival.Close to and well served by public transport : underground lines 8, 9 and 5. buses 20, 65 and 96 We remain at your disposal during your st
18267	Très bel appartement entièrement rénové et décoré avec soin.  Vous l'apprécierez autant pour sa situation géographique que pour son calme (au fond d'une cour intérieure).   Ce magnifique 3 pièces de 85m2 dispose de 2 chambres spacieuses, d'un grand salon avec un canapé-lit et d'une belle cuisine totalement équipée.  Les chambres sont équipées de lits doubles. L'une est agrémentée d'un ordinateur pc avec accès internet 24/24, en plus du wifi à disposition gratuitement.  Chose rare à Paris, vous ne serez pas à l'étroit dans la salle d'eau. Les wc sont séparés.  A votre arrivée, il sera prêt à vous recevoir dans un état de propreté irréprochable. Les serviettes de bain et les draps sont également fournis.	Apartment of 85 m2, spacious and bright, with 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 equipped kitchen. Located in the heart of Paris, in the popular Marais district. You enjoy it as much for its location as for its quiet (at the back of a courtyard)
18268	3rd Arrondissement Le Marais Apartment Rental  Apartement 30 M2 per 2/4 person with 1 bedroom and living room. On 4th floor. In the North Marais, very quiet in a courtyard under the roof with sunlight view. Independent kitchen, Living room, 1 bathroom Surface area : 30m2 /400 sqft. Amenities Bedding : 1 Double bed, 1 Sofabed, 1 Single bed. Laundry machine, Sheets and towels included,, TV , Cooking stove, Microwave, Refrigerator, Coffee maker,Baby cot,Cable TV / Satellite TV, DVD player designer objets and art. Suitability: unsuitable for elderly or infirmwheelchair inaccessiblenon smoking onlyLow Allergen Environment 	Apartment 30 meters square on 4th floor very quiet and safe with internet ADSL. Fully furnihed with 1 bed room furnihed with 1 bed extra large, 1 sofa bed with confortable bed for 2 people. The kitchen is well equipped. 3rd Arrondissement Le Marais Apartment Rental  Apartement 30 M2 per 2/4 person with 1 bedroom and living room. On 4th floor. In the North Marais, very quiet in a courtyard under the roof with sunlight view. Independent kitchen, Living room, 1 bathroom Surface area : 30m2 /400 sqft. Amenities Bedding : 1 Double bed, 1 Sofabed, 1 Single bed. Laundry machine, Sheets and towels included,, TV , Cooking stove, Microwave, Refrigerator, Coffee maker,Baby cot,Cable TV / Satellite TV, DVD player designer objets and art. Suitability: unsuitable for elderly or infirmwheelchair inaccessiblenon smoking onlyLow Allergen Environment Rue Saint CHARLOT is in the hearth of THE MARAIS district ideally located both for businessmen and a family. The Marais is one of the only areas that prese
18269	Appartement situé ente 2 cours. Le calme y règne. 	Appartement situé ente 2 cours. Le calme y règne.  Cuisine, salle d'eau avec douche,  TV, internet. Le quartier est animé (restaurants, cafés, magasins, théâtres, musées…) et la place de la République a été récemment restaurée. La station de métro République est desservie par les lignes  8, 11, 9, 3, 5 donnant un accès direct à la gare du Nord et à la gare de l’Est (pour prendre le train ou rejoindre un aéroport). Je vous proposerai des conseils pour les lieux à visiter et je pourrai vous remettre des dépliants.
18270	Spacious loft + 3 bedrooms  in duplex  in the heart of Paris, spacious livingroom, high ceilings, 3 bedrooms, bathroom and toilets + additional toilets. Well designed, Very comfortable. One bedroom has a queen size bed, the other a single bed and a futon mattress for additional kid, there is a confortable sofa bed in the large living room plus à small extra room next to it with à double bed. The duplex  can easily host 2 couples and a single person, or a couple, a kid ( or 2)  and a single person. Very calm, located in the walking district of Montorgueil, in the center of Paris, next to cafés, restaurants,  permanent market (best cheeses, best vegetables, meet, bakeries, cinemas, museums, clubs....) Ideal to discover Paris: walking distance from Pompidou Center, le Louvre,  Picasso Museum, Latin Quarter, the Seine river, Tuileries, the Marais district which is one of the oldest part of the city with its designer boutiques, wonderful sunday brunches and gorgeous Place des Vosges, Jazz c	1000 square feet Spacious loft + 3 bedrooms  in duplex  in the heart of Paris with 400 square feet livingroom, high ceilings, bathroom and toilets + additional toilets. Well designed, Very comfortable. Hosts 5 persons with confort. Spacious loft + 3 bedrooms  in duplex  in the heart of Paris, spacious livingroom, high ceilings, 3 bedrooms, bathroom and toilets + additional toilets. Well designed, Very comfortable. One bedroom has a queen size bed, the other a single bed and a futon mattress for additional kid, there is a confortable sofa bed in the large living room plus à small extra room next to it with à double bed. The duplex  can easily host 2 couples and a single person, or a couple, a kid ( or 2)  and a single person. Very calm, located in the walking district of Montorgueil, in the center of Paris, next to cafés, restaurants,  permanent market (best cheeses, best vegetables, meet, bakeries, cinemas, museums, clubs....) Ideal to discover Paris: walking distance from Pompidou Cen
18271	Very nice apartment in a very nice building in the center of Paris: Republique, Marais... totally new and very cosy decorated. 6° fllor whit elevator. SUNNY AND QUIET à very nice place to stay whit your family or whit your friends. At less then 1 minute you have the underground  ( different lines 5-8-9-11 ), bus and all the commerce you need ( supermarket, restaurant ( open all the night ), bar,boulangerie, bank, gym ). The location is superb. Pick up fresh bread at the nearby boulangerie and some exquisite cheese at the local fromagerie for breakfast. At less then 10 minutes they are the celebrate Canal saint Martin.You can visit almost of monument by foot. You can visit all the monuments by foot. WIFI internet access for free and also free call to europe and USA. You will be very happy inside  Cleaning service is included at NO additional Fee.  There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. Also microwave	My calendar is updated so you can book it directly BUT I PREFER LONGER PERIOD Very nice apartment in a very nice building in the center of Paris: Republique, Marais... totally new and very cosy decorated. 6° fllor whit elevator. SUNNY AND QUIET à very nice place to stay whit your family or whit your friends. At less then 1 minute you have the underground  ( different lines 5-8-9-11 ), bus and all the commerce you need ( supermarket, restaurant ( open all the night ), bar,boulangerie, bank, gym ). The location is superb. Pick up fresh bread at the nearby boulangerie and some exquisite cheese at the local fromagerie for breakfast. At less then 10 minutes they are the celebrate Canal saint Martin.You can visit almost of monument by foot. You can visit all the monuments by foot. WIFI internet access for free and also free call to europe and USA. You will be very happy inside  Cleaning service is included at NO additional Fee.  There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. You wi
18272	Apartment of 85m2 redone for nine at the distric le Marais. Subway close Republic or temple. Old beautifull Building with elevator. The apartment includes two room with beds doubles. A bathroom with dress separated cook American-style, and a very big entrance The apartment is very bright. Both rooms  are completely equipped. The bathroom includes a big shower. The kitchen is completely equipped: refrigerator, oven, microphone(microcomputing) wave, washes dishes(crockery) etc. Trendy and pleasant district. By taking this apartment you are in the center of Paris with the possibility of making everything on foot either you have the station of bus and subway republic which is a big station(resort) with a lot of correspondence.	Apartment of 85m2 redone for nine at the distric le Marais. Subway close Republic or temple. Old beautifull Building with elevator. The apartment includes two room with beds doubles. A bathroom with dress separated cook American-style, and a very big entrance The apartment is very bright. Both rooms  are completely equipped. The bathroom includes a big shower. The kitchen is completely equipped: refrigerator, oven, microphone(microcomputing) wave, washes dishes(crockery) etc. Trendy and pleasant district. By taking this apartment you are in the center of Paris with the possibility of making everything on foot either you have the station of bus and subway republic which is a big station(resort) with a lot of correspondence.
18273	This charming 37m2 (40 sq. ft), 4th floor, is peaceful and quiet. It is composed of a living room decorated with vintage furniture, an opened and fully equipped kitchen with micro wave, oven, fridge, cooking plates, hood and washing/drying machine totally built-in, and all pans, pots, dishes and utensils you need. You will have 2 view from the living room and the kitchen on two different courtyards. In the bedroom there is a very comfortable queen size bed and a little industrial desk. You will spend very quiet nights here as the bedroom has a window on a courtyard too. The apartment is also surrounded by plants hung on the windows, and cactus inside. (do not hesitate to water the plants outside and say hello to them).	You will enjoy staying in my comfortable apartment. It is located in the very trendy Haut-Marais This charming 37m2 (40 sq. ft), 4th floor, is peaceful and quiet. It is composed of a living room decorated with vintage furniture, an opened and fully equipped kitchen with micro wave, oven, fridge, cooking plates, hood and washing/drying machine totally built-in, and all pans, pots, dishes and utensils you need. You will have 2 view from the living room and the kitchen on two different courtyards. In the bedroom there is a very comfortable queen size bed and a little industrial desk. You will spend very quiet nights here as the bedroom has a window on a courtyard too. The apartment is also surrounded by plants hung on the windows, and cactus inside. (do not hesitate to water the plants outside and say hello to them). You will have the apartment for you. It is really an ideal space for 2 people. Do not hesitate to ask me for advises! It is a very central location. The apartment is located 
18274		In an 16th century building, our 68m2 duplex with  characteristic beams and its fireplace captures the essence of Paris. Located at rue Saint Antoine beside Place des Vosges, 5 mins walk from the river with quick access to numerous transportations
18275	Elegant studio decorated as a luxury hotel suite with a queen size bed, international TV channels and telephone, internet connection. Large bathroom in marble. Fully fitted kitchen with drying washmachine and all you need to enjoy cooking and having your private meals. Excellent situation on a quiet street from few steps of Pompidou Center and Picasso Museum. In the middle of the historical Maris area with all the bars, restaurants and fancy shops. Five minutes walk from Forum des Halles, the central station of Paris metro transports with easy connection to the airports and main attractions of Paris suburbs as the Château de Versailles. Second floor by elevator, The two large windows with a view to a calm inside yard. This beautiful studio is ideal for a romantic stay in Paris.	Elegant studio decorated as a luxury hotel suite with a queen size bed, international TV channels and telephone, internet connection. Large bathroom in marble. Fully fitted kitchen with drying washmachine and all you need to enjoy cooking and having your private meals. Excellent situation on a quiet street from few steps of Pompidou Center and Picasso Museum. In the middle of the historical Maris area with all the bars, restaurants and fancy shops. Five minutes walk from Forum des Halles, the central station of Paris metro transports with easy connection to the airports and main attractions of Paris suburbs as the Château de Versailles. Second floor by elevator, The two large windows with a view to a calm inside yard. This beautiful studio is ideal for a romantic stay in Paris. The minimum rental period is 3 nights except for August 26 to 28 and August 31 to September 2. For these periods it is exceptionaly reduced to 2 nights.
18276		Location pour 3 nuits mini. Très bien situé et desservi par les transports en commun, il est au 2ème étage sur rue (très lumineux mais un peu bruyant) et se compose : séjour/cuisine ouverte, chambre, salle d'eau/wc. Quartier très agréable, animé.
18277	"In the heart of Le Marais, next door to Picasso Museum, this exceptional Penthouse duplex apartment, located in an historical building, is a real ""Atelier d'artiste"", with a large living room, 3 terraces, kitchen,  bathroom to the lower floor,  and a bedroom with a private bathroom at the top level.    This original duplex apartment is located  in an elegant residence - an  ""Hôtel Particulier"" from the XVII th century -  whose the reception room with its ceiling, adorned with a painted fresco, and its monumental staircase, is classified a historical monument. The other part of the building  turned into a private residence with private courtyard, gardens, fountain basins, intercom and 24/7 concierge. An elevator will take you to the apartment. Found on the top and fifth floor of the building, this 60SQM artist atelier, with zenith light, is sunny as it features several large windows and even three small terraces with a southwestern view. Conceived like a charming and arty  Hotel Suite. "	"In the heart of Le Marais, next door to Picasso Museum, this exceptional Penthouse duplex apartment, located in an historical building, is a real ""Atelier d'artiste"", with a large living room, 3 terraces, kitchen,  bathroom to the lower floor,  and a bedroom with a private bathroom at the top level.    This original duplex apartment is located  in an elegant residence - an  ""Hôtel Particulier"" from the XVII th century -  whose the reception room with its ceiling, adorned with a painted fresco, and its monumental staircase, is classified a historical monument. The other part of the building  turned into a private residence with private courtyard, gardens, fountain basins, intercom and 24/7 concierge. An elevator will take you to the apartment. Found on the top and fifth floor of the building, this 60SQM artist atelier, with zenith light, is sunny as it features several large windows and even three small terraces with a southwestern view. Conceived like a charming and arty  Hotel Suite. "
18278	Chambre située dans un grand 4 pièces d'un immeuble du XIXe siècle. Très lumineux et situé dans une rue animée le jour et calme le soir, entre le Marais et le Canal Saint-Martin, à 10mn à pied de Montorgueil et des Grands Boulevards, 20mn à pied de Notre-Dame et de la Rive Gauche. Room located in a large 4 room flat (115m2) in a 19th century building, between Le Marais and Canal Saint-Martin, 10mn walk from Montorgueil and Grands Boulevards, 20mn walk from Notre-Dame and Rive Gauche.	Chambre indépendante avec salle de douche privative dans un appartement de charme, idéalement située entre le Marais et le Canal St Martin. Independant room with private bathroom in a charming flat, located between the Marais and Canal St Martin. Chambre située dans un grand 4 pièces d'un immeuble du XIXe siècle. Très lumineux et situé dans une rue animée le jour et calme le soir, entre le Marais et le Canal Saint-Martin, à 10mn à pied de Montorgueil et des Grands Boulevards, 20mn à pied de Notre-Dame et de la Rive Gauche. Room located in a large 4 room flat (115m2) in a 19th century building, between Le Marais and Canal Saint-Martin, 10mn walk from Montorgueil and Grands Boulevards, 20mn walk from Notre-Dame and Rive Gauche. Les voyageurs auront accès à une chambre indépendante avec salle de douche privative, ainsi qu'au salon (avec vidéoprojecteur) et à la cuisine équipée (cafetière Nespresso, lave-vaisselle, four, etc). Guests can access an independant room with private bathroom, th
18279	This 40 square metres flat is at ground floor and it is suitable for 4 people. Actually it is a large studio, a miniloft. The living room offer an elegant sitting area with a traditional French fireplace, two armchairs and a sofa, the 3 of them convertible, offering two simple beds and one double. Two wide windows face on the rue de Tournelle, a typical street of Marais district. The living room offers also a dining coin furnished by a table with 4 chairs. An internal small window allows to transfer plates and food from the kitchen which is equipped by an electric ceramic contact grills, traditional oven, cooker hood, fridge and freezer, and a washing machine, etc. The bathroom has bathtub, washbasin, bidet and toilette.	This 40 square meters flat is at ground floor and it is suitable for 3 people.  The living room offers an elegant sitting area with a traditional French fireplace, 2 armchairs and a sofa, convertible in 2 single beds and one double bed. This 40 square metres flat is at ground floor and it is suitable for 4 people. Actually it is a large studio, a miniloft. The living room offer an elegant sitting area with a traditional French fireplace, two armchairs and a sofa, the 3 of them convertible, offering two simple beds and one double. Two wide windows face on the rue de Tournelle, a typical street of Marais district. The living room offers also a dining coin furnished by a table with 4 chairs. An internal small window allows to transfer plates and food from the kitchen which is equipped by an electric ceramic contact grills, traditional oven, cooker hood, fridge and freezer, and a washing machine, etc. The bathroom has bathtub, washbasin, bidet and toilette. Amenities : electric ceramic con
18280	The apartment is ideally located in central Paris. The station Art et Metiers is opposite the building which is itself located at only a 5 mins walk to Republic or a 10 to 15 minutes stroll to Notre Dame de Paris.	This lovely one bedroom flat is  available from the 20th of June until the 29th(check out in the afternoon) It is in the Centre of Paris, opposite Arts et Métiers station and within walking distance of Republic, les Marais and Notre Dame. The apartment is ideally located in central Paris. The station Art et Metiers is opposite the building which is itself located at only a 5 mins walk to Republic or a 10 to 15 minutes stroll to Notre Dame de Paris. There is a spacious master bedroom with a comfortable double bed and in the living room there is a sofa bed which can accommodate another 2 guests. Throughout your stay we will be a phone call away in case you need any information about the area or your time in Paris. The neighbourhood is lively with loads if cafes, pubs and trendy restaurants... The flat is within working distance to Gare du Nord, Republic and Notre Dame de Paris. Public transport with all the major lines are only a few minutes away and there is a cab rank only a few minute
18281	The apartment is 2 minutes away from Place des Vosges, 5 minutes from Bastille and Seine River, 15 minutes from Notre Dame Cathedral and Hotel de Ville. It is located in the Marais  and Arsenal neighborhood.	Charming room located in the heart of Paris, ideally for couples or tourists. The apartment is 2 minutes away from “Place des Vosges” (Maison de Hugo), 5 minutes from Bastille and Seine River, 15 minutes from Notre Dame Cathedral and Hotel de Ville. The apartment is 2 minutes away from Place des Vosges, 5 minutes from Bastille and Seine River, 15 minutes from Notre Dame Cathedral and Hotel de Ville. It is located in the Marais  and Arsenal neighborhood. Nearest station : Bastille You can find 3 metro stations are in front of the apartment: Line 1, 5 and 8 (taking you to the Eiffel Tower). If you prefer visiting by bike, a bike rental station is also at your disposal in the corner. For shopping, you have a huge commercial center within walking distance too. Many restaurants are in the corner and a famous bar street is 5 minutes walking.
18282	Designed by two architects, this singular apartment features a captain-berth-esque sleeping area and a fantastic modern pullout couch, cozily but comfortably accommodating four.  You enter a gracious limestone-facade building, proceeding up the stairs to the second floor into a breathtakingly elegant, clean-lined space. The entire space flows through, from salon living area with two couches and numerous small tables to sleek and high-tech kitchen, perfectly equipped for your daily breakfast and snack needs, to cabana-like sleeping area with a big cozy bed, which can be privatized by unfurling a curtain of hanging silk threads. The bath is a modernist treasure in itself, with sleek geometric white fixtures contrasting with smooth black walls. Staying here will inspire you to think differently about how space, light and form can be used to improve the lives of lucky travelers!	Designed by two architects, this singular apartment features a captain-berth-esque sleeping area and a fantastic modern pullout couch, cozily but comfortably accommodating four. Designed by two architects, this singular apartment features a captain-berth-esque sleeping area and a fantastic modern pullout couch, cozily but comfortably accommodating four.  You enter a gracious limestone-facade building, proceeding up the stairs to the second floor into a breathtakingly elegant, clean-lined space. The entire space flows through, from salon living area with two couches and numerous small tables to sleek and high-tech kitchen, perfectly equipped for your daily breakfast and snack needs, to cabana-like sleeping area with a big cozy bed, which can be privatized by unfurling a curtain of hanging silk threads. The bath is a modernist treasure in itself, with sleek geometric white fixtures contrasting with smooth black walls. Staying here will inspire you to think differently about how space, li
18283	Featuring a modern architecture and style. You'll enjoy abundant space and comfort. This 90m² duplex boasts a large living room with a home cinema and a dining area. The well-equipped kitchen opens into the terrace and garden. It has 2 bedrooms with queen size beds and 2 bathrooms and a charming private terrace. Situated on quiet rue du Perche, just one block away from the famous Picasso Museum, you will love living in the heart of the historical Marais. You are not far from the village St Paul, well known for its antique shops and rue Vieille du Temple and rue des Francs Bourgeois, which are perfect for shopping and restaurants. The apartment was recently renovated, is very modern and bright. Each bedroom has its own bathroom and toilet.	Featuring a modern architecture and style. Abundant space and a lot of comfort.  Featuring a modern architecture and style. You'll enjoy abundant space and comfort. This 90m² duplex boasts a large living room with a home cinema and a dining area. The well-equipped kitchen opens into the terrace and garden. It has 2 bedrooms with queen size beds and 2 bathrooms and a charming private terrace. Situated on quiet rue du Perche, just one block away from the famous Picasso Museum, you will love living in the heart of the historical Marais. You are not far from the village St Paul, well known for its antique shops and rue Vieille du Temple and rue des Francs Bourgeois, which are perfect for shopping and restaurants. The apartment was recently renovated, is very modern and bright. Each bedroom has its own bathroom and toilet. Le Marais is the closest you will get to the feel of medieval Paris and has more pre-revolutionary buildings and streets left intact than any other area in Paris. It's ve
18284	Exceptional offer for all bookings for the period 1 Nov – 15 Dec 2013 : Free private transfer from the airport to your apartment!!! Welcome to Le Marais, the historical centre of Paris! Staying at this apartment will allow you discover central Paris by foot, due to its fantastic location - just a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou and the historical Marais Area. Art galeries, all kinds of shopping, cafés, bistrots and also supermarkets, bakeries, chemist and dry cleaning. 5 minutes walk to rue Montorgeuil and to rue de Bretagne - both wonderful streets with open foodmarkets and foodstores. A few steps away from one of the oldest buildings in Paris : the house of Nicolas Flammel. 10 min walk to the Seine, Notre Dame de Paris, Ile de la Cite and Ile St-Louis. A lot of restaurants, cafés and bistots in the area. Easy to get all over in Paris from this central location. This fully furnished, contemporary designed one bedroom apartment has everything you need for your stay including all	Spacious 47m² modern spacious 1 BR apartment in the lovely Marais. 1st floor via stairs, open lounge/kitchen fully equipped with washer, oven, sofa bed, TV, WIFI. Bedroom with double bed. Bathroom with sink, shower, separate WC. Very comfortable! Safe and central Paris, located on rue au Maire just a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, within the charming Marais area. 15 mins walk to River Seine, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Place des Vosges, rue de Rivoli and Le Louvre. Easy access to all major tourist attractions. Art galleries, boutiques and a lot of restaurants, bistrots, bars and cafés in this lively and fashionable area of Paris. Fantastic bakeries, butchers and supermarkets close by. Metro Arts et Metier, Reaumur Sebastopol, lots of buses
18285	Located in a 17th century building in the famous 3rd district, this typical parisian apartment will welcome you during your stay in Paris. Conveniently located in the heart of Paris, the Marais quarter is just a short stroll from Place des Vosges, one of the oldest historical quarter of the capital. This is the ideal location to discover the sights near the banks of the Seine (Ile St Louis, Iles de la cité, Beaubourg, Notre Dame). Plenty of restaurants and bistros around, convenient stores. The perfect place for a romantic or business trip in Paris. The apartment is equiped with wifi, cable TV and free international calls to over 300 countries.	Home sweet home in the heart of Paris! Closed to shops and the best groceries and amenities! Minutes from the Picasso museum. This area has everything. I hope you will enjoy our place and that respect it as your own home. Located in a 17th century building in the famous 3rd district, this typical parisian apartment will welcome you during your stay in Paris. Conveniently located in the heart of Paris, the Marais quarter is just a short stroll from Place des Vosges, one of the oldest historical quarter of the capital. This is the ideal location to discover the sights near the banks of the Seine (Ile St Louis, Iles de la cité, Beaubourg, Notre Dame). Plenty of restaurants and bistros around, convenient stores. The perfect place for a romantic or business trip in Paris. The apartment is equiped with wifi, cable TV and free international calls to over 300 countries. Free Wifi, towels and sheets are provided. Le Marais is the closest you will get to the feel of medieval Paris and has more p
18286	Merveilleux deux pièces dans le centre de Paris- Très calme. WI-FI Machine à Laver Fer à repasser + table aspirateur Cuisine équipée	Appartement de deux pièces très charmant dans un immeuble classé du XV siècle dans le Marais-Très centrale et très calme, pouvant loger jusqu'à quatre voyageurs. Merveilleux deux pièces dans le centre de Paris- Très calme. WI-FI Machine à Laver Fer à repasser + table aspirateur Cuisine équipée Les voyageurs sont priés d'enlever leurs chaussures , car il y a une moquette végétale , Leur donner les clefs et les reprendre.
18287	"Very quiet and fully equipped studio. Located in the Marais Area in a renovated building from 17th century. On the 4th floor with elevator an amazing view is waiting for you in this very bright and quiet studio. The studio offers 1 double bed + 1 sofa bed for third person. Wifi, local phone, cable TV, Dvd player to stay connected. Brand new kitchen equipped with a built fridge, all in one oven (microwave, convection oven), Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, water heater, hob, iron, hair dryer. A lot of restaurants and cafés everywhere nearby in this very safe and lively neighborhood. You will enjoy typical Parisian life close to the unique ""Marché des Enfants Rouges"" enjoying a croissant with an expresso coffee. For shopping addicts you ll find a lot of fashionable shops. For discovery and art you ll enjoy multiples art galleries, museums (Picasso museum, Carnavalet museum ..) and some gorgeous and unbeatable Hotels Particuliers from the 17th century. Three metro stations around the ar"	"Very quiet and fully equipped studio. Located in the Marais Area in a renovated building from 17th century. On the 4th floor with elevator an unbeatable view is waiting for you in this very bright and quiet studio. Come to leave Paris experience  Very quiet and fully equipped studio. Located in the Marais Area in a renovated building from 17th century. On the 4th floor with elevator an amazing view is waiting for you in this very bright and quiet studio. The studio offers 1 double bed + 1 sofa bed for third person. Wifi, local phone, cable TV, Dvd player to stay connected. Brand new kitchen equipped with a built fridge, all in one oven (microwave, convection oven), Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, water heater, hob, iron, hair dryer. A lot of restaurants and cafés everywhere nearby in this very safe and lively neighborhood. You will enjoy typical Parisian life close to the unique ""Marché des Enfants Rouges"" enjoying a croissant with an expresso coffee. For shopping addicts you ll fin"
18288		You can use everything in the flat ( fridge, wardrobe ...) Muriel will be here to welcome you and give you the keys. She will be available if something goes wrong or if you need help but you can join me by mail throughout the period you will stay . Le Marais is the perfect district to visit Paris. It is in the center and close to luxurous shops of any kind , amazing restaurantd and typical french markets (Le marché des enfants rouges). Le marais is romantique and you can take a walk during hours just to visit and see monuments and old buiildings. The night is also great, you can drink on a terrasse and meet knew people. My flat is next to three metro stations (République, filles du calvaire and Arts et métiers) and 5 metro lines ( 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11). Many bus stations are near my flat (at 3min by walking) too.
18289		A modern and fully equipped bright apartment with several levels comfortably sleeps 5 guests in the center of what is the coolest part of town these days.
18290	This apartment has one double bedroom, living, dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, a shower room and Wi-Fi. The bedroom has a double bed, and reading lamps. The cosy living and dining area has a  coffee table,T.V. with cable and satellite package, table and chairs, desk and chair. The kitchen has a hotplate, a microwave, a fridge, a kettle, a coffee maker and all the pots, pans, crockery and cutlery that you should require during your stay. The shower room has a shower, handbasin, and a W.C. An iron, ironing board, hair dryer  are also provided for your convenience.	This stylish  and modern one bedroom apartment located in the historic district of the Le Marais, is a wonderful base for exploring all that Paris has to offer. This apartment has one double bedroom, living, dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, a shower room and Wi-Fi. The bedroom has a double bed, and reading lamps. The cosy living and dining area has a  coffee table,T.V. with cable and satellite package, table and chairs, desk and chair. The kitchen has a hotplate, a microwave, a fridge, a kettle, a coffee maker and all the pots, pans, crockery and cutlery that you should require during your stay. The shower room has a shower, handbasin, and a W.C. An iron, ironing board, hair dryer  are also provided for your convenience. This light, bright and well equipped apartment is right in the heart of Paris is within one of the most popular tourist areas:Le Marais.  With an abundance of bars, restaurants, shops, boutiques, patisseries this area is trendy and central. Just 500m from Place d
18291	Pushing the door you will find: - the living room : sofa-bed for two adults, coffee table, TV, DVD, Internet connexion, sound system, paintings, - the kitchen open on the living room with: micro wave, stove, oven, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, dishwasher, toaster and all you might need for cooking. You have a counter where you could eat. - a dining area with a table and its four stools. - the bedroom: overlooking a courtyard with a bed for 2 adults and a dressing. - the bathroom: Italian shower, bath sink and hair dryer. - a laundry with WC, washing machine, cupboards and vacuum Towels and linen are provided.	45 square meters one bedroom apartment, completely renovated, on the second floor with a lift, large windows overlooking a private garden. Pushing the door you will find: - the living room : sofa-bed for two adults, coffee table, TV, DVD, Internet connexion, sound system, paintings, - the kitchen open on the living room with: micro wave, stove, oven, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, dishwasher, toaster and all you might need for cooking. You have a counter where you could eat. - a dining area with a table and its four stools. - the bedroom: overlooking a courtyard with a bed for 2 adults and a dressing. - the bathroom: Italian shower, bath sink and hair dryer. - a laundry with WC, washing machine, cupboards and vacuum Towels and linen are provided. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be at few minutes from Bastille, Beaubourg, the Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre. Nearest metro station (2 minut
18292	Cozy apartment, nicely furnished, in a beautiful building located in buzzing neighborhood of the Marais, Rue de Bretagne. Great shopping, nice restaurants and cafes, the square and the famous Enfants Rouges market. Walking distance from the subway, Place des Vosges and the centre Pompidou. The apartment is very quiet, includes a queen size bed (63 inches wide). The apartment can accommodate 3 persons comfortably (a 2nd bed OR A CRIB can be added with no additional fee). American kitchen, nice bathroom with shower and toilet. Amenities include wifi, TV, coffee and expresso machines, cooktop and oven, dishwasher, hair dryer, towels and linens… You will be greeted by a person who will show you the apartment and will be reachable during your stay in case of an emergency. My priority is that you enjoy your stay at my place and have a great experience of the quartier and Paris. Métro: Arts-et-Métiers (line 3 et 11), Saint Sébastien Froissart (Line 8), Filles du calvaires (Ligne 8) 	Nice Apartment that can fit 3 PERS in a amazing neighborhood.  1 queen size bed + 1 single bed (3  adults) or  1 queen size bed + a Crib (2 adults + a Baby)    Cozy apartment, nicely furnished, in a beautiful building located in buzzing neighborhood of the Marais, Rue de Bretagne. Great shopping, nice restaurants and cafes, the square and the famous Enfants Rouges market. Walking distance from the subway, Place des Vosges and the centre Pompidou. The apartment is very quiet, includes a queen size bed (63 inches wide). The apartment can accommodate 3 persons comfortably (a 2nd bed OR A CRIB can be added with no additional fee). American kitchen, nice bathroom with shower and toilet. Amenities include wifi, TV, coffee and expresso machines, cooktop and oven, dishwasher, hair dryer, towels and linens… You will be greeted by a person who will show you the apartment and will be reachable during your stay in case of an emergency. My priority is that you enjoy your stay at my place and have a
18293	" Pictures of our apartment were published on ""The Socialite Family"" (website hidden) the ""Nouvel Observateur"" (photo attached) and in the Japanese magazine ""Sakura"". There are two bedrooms: 1 - the parents has a bathroom (with bath tub) and toilet. It is facing east and is bathed in light all morning. Its three windows over look an historical courtyard . In this room there is a double bed ( 160x200 Simmons ) very comfortable with crisp cotton sateen, a large double pendrie. In the bathroom there is a toilet , a bathtub, a sink and cupboards. 2 - Children have a very large room with 2 adult size single bed (90x200) (one is in the tray under the other) and a kid's bed (175x190). it overlooks a second bathroom (shower) with separate toilet. there is a large window overlooking the street to the west. If you have young children, we can provide you a baby cot ( 60x120cm ) In the 2nd bathroom there is a nice shower, a sink , a plan to leave your cases and separate WC. In the bathroom there is"	"Amazing flat in the heart of Le Marais (one of the nicest area in Paris). The apartment is charming, very bright, cosy and quiet. Very close to Place des Vosges and Musée Picasso.  Pictures of our apartment were published on ""The Socialite Family"" (website hidden) the ""Nouvel Observateur"" (photo attached) and in the Japanese magazine ""Sakura"". There are two bedrooms: 1 - the parents has a bathroom (with bath tub) and toilet. It is facing east and is bathed in light all morning. Its three windows over look an historical courtyard . In this room there is a double bed ( 160x200 Simmons ) very comfortable with crisp cotton sateen, a large double pendrie. In the bathroom there is a toilet , a bathtub, a sink and cupboards. 2 - Children have a very large room with 2 adult size single bed (90x200) (one is in the tray under the other) and a kid's bed (175x190). it overlooks a second bathroom (shower) with separate toilet. there is a large window overlooking the street to the west. If you have "
18294	This studio offers all the comforts for a relaxing stay with a view over the rooftops of Paris. It consists of: - A living / dining room with very comfortable sofa bed (mattress bultex 17cm), cupboard, - Equipped kitchen (induction hob, microwave, fridge, Nespresso, Kettle, Toaster) - A washing machine is available (detergent included), an iron and ironing board. - The bathroom / toilet is equipped with a hairdryer and a shower, - WIFI high speed internet (20Mbits / s), flat screen TV, BOSE speaker for listening to your music, - A fan is at your disposal. (new) Located in the heart of Paris, it offers everything you could possible want for a dream holiday or weekend in Paris: with charm, quality and good taste, this address is perfect for visiting Paris. The apartment is in the heart of Marais, near by Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, Les Halles, Bastille, Louvre, along the Seine, and walking distance frome most tourist sites. The apartment is a stone's throw away from all types of commodit	This studio offers all the comforts for a relaxing stay with a view over the rooftops of Paris. It consists of: - A living / dining room with very comfortable sofa bed (mattress bultex 17cm), cupboard, - Equipped kitchen (induction hob, microwave, fridge, Nespresso, Kettle, Toaster) - A washing machine is available (detergent included), an iron and ironing board. - The bathroom / toilet is equipped with a hairdryer and a shower, - WIFI high speed internet (20Mbits / s), flat screen TV, BOSE speaker for listening to your music, - A fan is at your disposal. (new) Located in the heart of Paris, it offers everything you could possible want for a dream holiday or weekend in Paris: with charm, quality and good taste, this address is perfect for visiting Paris. The apartment is in the heart of Marais, near by Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, Les Halles, Bastille, Louvre, along the Seine, and walking distance frome most tourist sites. The apartment is a stone's throw away from all types of commodit
18295	Logement très central, possibilité de visiter à pied la plupart des quartiers de Paris. 3 pièces au coeur de Paris, très bien agencé et équipé. Une chambre avec un grand lit, bureau et bibliothèque où vous pourrez consulter les livres à disposition, salon - salle à manger, une cuisine entièrement équipée, avec lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, four micro-onde,   et cafetière (website hidden) satellite, DVD, Wi-Fi. Une salle de bain avec baignoire/douche.   Borne Vélib, accès métro, bus, taxis à 60 m. Métro : République ou Temple  A 20 minutes à pied : le Marais (Place des Vosges), Hôtel de ville. Nombreux restaurants et centres d'intérêts à proximité immédiate de l'appartement.	Magnifique appartement calme,  à partager,  avec séjour de  47 m2, une cuisine indépendante, salle de bain avec baignoire et votre chambre , à 800 m de la Place des Vosges ou de l'Hôtel de Ville, au Centre de Paris, près de la Place de la République. Logement très central, possibilité de visiter à pied la plupart des quartiers de Paris. 3 pièces au coeur de Paris, très bien agencé et équipé. Une chambre avec un grand lit, bureau et bibliothèque où vous pourrez consulter les livres à disposition, salon - salle à manger, une cuisine entièrement équipée, avec lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, four micro-onde,   et cafetière (website hidden) satellite, DVD, Wi-Fi. Une salle de bain avec baignoire/douche.   Borne Vélib, accès métro, bus, taxis à 60 m. Métro : République ou Temple  A 20 minutes à pied : le Marais (Place des Vosges), Hôtel de ville. Nombreux restaurants et centres d'intérêts à proximité immédiate de l'appartement. Votre chambre est privée,  le reste de l'appartement sera part
18296	Unique flat with glass roof top living room. Very center of Paris. Really Calm and close to lots of touristics sites.	Spacious, luminous and comfortable apartment (70 m2) in center of Paris. Very convenient (all transports around).137 characters left Unique flat with glass roof top living room. Very center of Paris. Really Calm and close to lots of touristics sites. Living room with coach, diner table and chairs, Two bedrooms (one with a bathroom with bathtub), WC and shower. Kitchen fully equiped. Wifi. Washing machine and dishwasher. I let my email and mobile open during the journey. I let a book with all good addresses (restaurants, museums, sightseeing around…. Very center, close to Marais and Grands Boulevards. Shops, bars, restaurants everywhere. Metro station République is the closest on lines 3,5,7,8,9 and 11. Taxis all day long on place de la république (1 min walk). And lots of buses. 4 metro stations stops from Gare du Nord and 7 min by taxi.
18297	The room is a about 30 sqm, it is very bright and it is furnished with a large double bed, sheets, a desk, cupboards and wardrobes. This is one of the 4 bedrooms of a very nice and large flat (140 sqm) that has 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, a big living room and a kitchen. The flat is shared with 3 young french people (1 girl and 2 guys), between 24 and 28. There are very friendly and able to speak English and some other languages (Spanish, Italian...) too.	Very nice and spacious room to rent in a big shared flat located in Le Marais, 3rd district of Paris, The room is a about 30 sqm, it is very bright and it is furnished with a large double bed, sheets, a desk, cupboards and wardrobes. This is one of the 4 bedrooms of a very nice and large flat (140 sqm) that has 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, a big living room and a kitchen. The flat is shared with 3 young french people (1 girl and 2 guys), between 24 and 28. There are very friendly and able to speak English and some other languages (Spanish, Italian...) too. You could access and use everything in the flat except the 3 bedrooms of my flatmates obviously. I could give you some good tips about Paris, and even show you around when you will arrive if you want to.  I won't stay in the flat during your stay, but I may stay around in Paris so you could contact me if you need to. Le Marais is a very nice area, it's quiet but not desertic. There are many tiny streets full of clothes shops (from fashion
18298		45m² top floor trendy monochrome apartment with 1 bedroom. The double bed can be 2 single beds, 1 single sofa bed in lounge. Lounge with modern gas fire, WIFI, bathroom with bath and shower. Lift to 5th floor then stairs to 6th floor. Very stylish! Safe and central Paris, located on rue du Bourg l’Abbé just a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, within the charming Marais area. 15 mins walk to River Seine, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Place des Vosges, rue de Rivoli and Le Louvre. Easy access to all major tourist attractions. Art galleries, boutiques and a lot of restaurants, bistrots, bars and cafés in this lively and fashionable area of Paris. Fantastic bakeries, butchers and supermarkets close by.
18299	Located on a 2nd Floor without elevator. Perfect for up to 4 guests including children, has 1 double bed in the en suite bedroom and a sofa bed in the living area. Open plan kitchen with a butcher wood type work surface, oven and ceramic hob. Shower room with w.c. and washbasin, washing machine, hair dryer.	This is a lovely apartment filled with character and light.  Now available for monthly bookings from Nov 2015 -Feb 2016 for 2 - 3 guests. Located on a 2nd Floor without elevator. Perfect for up to 4 guests including children, has 1 double bed in the en suite bedroom and a sofa bed in the living area. Open plan kitchen with a butcher wood type work surface, oven and ceramic hob. Shower room with w.c. and washbasin, washing machine, hair dryer. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and fo
