26700	Situated in a pretty courtyard, charming apartment renovated in spring 2015. It has no vis-à-vis and it has a nice view over the rooftops of Paris. - An entrance with a small table, a window and a closet - The main room has two windows. On the right, an open and equipped kitchen (coffee machine, dishwasher, kettle, ... - The seating area features a sofa bed (140cm), coffee table, armchair, TV - A room with a double bed (160 cm), bedside table, wardrobe - A bathroom with tub and shower.	Located near the Place des Vosges and Marais, this is a charming and fully renovated apartment. It has 1 bdr, a living room with sofa bed and an equipped kitchen. It can accommodate up to 4 people. It is on the 3rd floor, bright & quite (courtyard). Situated in a pretty courtyard, charming apartment renovated in spring 2015. It has no vis-à-vis and it has a nice view over the rooftops of Paris. - An entrance with a small table, a window and a closet - The main room has two windows. On the right, an open and equipped kitchen (coffee machine, dishwasher, kettle, ... - The seating area features a sofa bed (140cm), coffee table, armchair, TV - A room with a double bed (160 cm), bedside table, wardrobe - A bathroom with tub and shower. The entire apartment is rented for the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question y
26701	Chambre spacieuse de 15m2, lumineuse pour une personne dans un spacieux appartement Haussmannien, celui ci situé dans un quartier très commerçant et très tendance. Connexion WIFI disponible dans l'appartement. Ascenseur dans l'immeuble. Bureau dans la chambre. La salle de bain refaite à neuf et le WC séparés sont à proximité de la chambre.  Sont inclus: Les draps, oreillers et couvertures 1 serviette de douche.  Excellent service de transport: Ligne 9. Bus 76. Bus 86. Appartement situé près de la gare de Lyon. caution demandée.	Chambre spacieuse de 15m2, lumineuse pour une personne dans un spacieux appartement Haussmannien, celui ci situé dans un quartier très commerçant et très tendance. Connexion WIFI disponible dans l'appartement. Ascenseur dans l'immeuble. Bureau dans la chambre. La salle de bain refaite à neuf et le WC séparés sont à proximité de la chambre.  Sont inclus: Les draps, oreillers et couvertures 1 serviette de douche.  Excellent service de transport: Ligne 9. Bus 76. Bus 86. Appartement situé près de la gare de Lyon. caution demandée.
26702	Très bel appartement en plein coeur de Paris, près de bastille.	Loft Bastille est un appartement élégant situé à Paris, à 900 mètres de la Place de la Bastille. Cet hébergement en duplex comprend un sauna, des murs en pierre et une connexion Wi-Fi gratuite.  Vous y trouverez une cuisine équipée et tout le linge. Très bel appartement en plein coeur de Paris, près de bastille. Tout l'appartement entier ainsi que le Sauna Je reste à votre entière disposition. Bastille. Metro, Bus
26703		Charming little apartment based in Oberkampf district (11th arrondissement). You will enjoy the arty area which is full of restaurants, cafés, shops and free markets. By Métro: - Ménilmontant : line 2 - 1min by walk - Parmentier : line 3 - 7min by walk - République : line 3 / 5 / 8 / 9 - 13min by walk
26704		Très beau studio situé à 5 min du Marais et 10 min de Bastille  Deux lits simples collés qui peuvent faire un seul et même lit  et un canapé convertible. Le studio peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Il y à votre disposition une petite kit-chenet avec ustensile de cuisine  tel que frigo, gazinière, machine à café, micro ondes Tv Le musée Picasso est à 10 minutes  le marais est à 5 minutes et Bastille également  Opéra est à 10 minutes en bus ou métro
26705	I love my place. The flat is a 2 room apartment of 35m2. Located on the 5th floor, it is very bright. The space is great with a nice open kitchen perfectly equipped (fridge, toaster, oven, washing machine and cooking hobs). The kitchen gives on a large living room where you have one dining table, a sofa, a coffe table and 2 great armchairs (Eames inspired design). If the weather is nice and warm, enjoy the balcony and have your breakfeast or diner outside, there's a garden table and the space for 2 chairs. Next to the living room, is a large bedroom with a double bed (1,60mx2m). The room also has plenty of closets. Finally, there is a very cute bathroom with enough space to have a bathtub. Of course, the place has free wi-fi. 	A sunny and cosy 2 room apartment with a nice balcony. In Charonne, near Bastille and Republique, one of the most trendy places of Paris (lots of great restaurants and bars). Also close to Canal St Martin and Marais. I love my place. The flat is a 2 room apartment of 35m2. Located on the 5th floor, it is very bright. The space is great with a nice open kitchen perfectly equipped (fridge, toaster, oven, washing machine and cooking hobs). The kitchen gives on a large living room where you have one dining table, a sofa, a coffe table and 2 great armchairs (Eames inspired design). If the weather is nice and warm, enjoy the balcony and have your breakfeast or diner outside, there's a garden table and the space for 2 chairs. Next to the living room, is a large bedroom with a double bed (1,60mx2m). The room also has plenty of closets. Finally, there is a very cute bathroom with enough space to have a bathtub. Of course, the place has free wi-fi.  Everything but one side of the closet ;) Welco
26706	"I'm offering my full options studio of 32m2 with 8m2 of garden, very quiet and well decorated in a high standing residence. You will enjoy the ground floor easy to access, and will sleep on a mezzanine bed (140x200cm, new mattress) which lives you space under to enjoy a nice seating. Under the mezzanine, i built a coach that transform as a real 2 persons bed (140x190cm, new mattress) . The flat is full of DVDs and books for those that want to take a cultural break. About the location, it is in the middle of 3 subways, line 2 (""Pere Lachaise"" Station at 7min), 3 (""Rue Saint Maur"" station at 7 min), and 9 (""Voltaire"" station at 3min), which makes easy to go everywhere ( when you're in the subway, you are at 3 min from ""République, 10 min from ""Opéra"", 30 min from "" La Défense"" or ""Champs Elysées"", 40 min de Montmartre""...), and at only 3 min of the Père Lachaise cemetery by feet. You will find a nice park very near, and 3 supermarkets at only 2 min by feet. The flat is in ""Rue Saint Maur"	"I'm offering my full options studio of 32m2 with 8m2 of garden, very quiet and well decorated in a high standing residence. You will enjoy the ground floor easy to access, and will sleep on a mezzanine bed (140x200cm, new mattress) which lives you space under to enjoy a nice seating. Under the mezzanine, i built a coach that transform as a real 2 persons bed (140x190cm, new mattress) . The flat is full of DVDs and books for those that want to take a cultural break. About the location, it is in the middle of 3 subways, line 2 (""Pere Lachaise"" Station at 7min), 3 (""Rue Saint Maur"" station at 7 min), and 9 (""Voltaire"" station at 3min), which makes easy to go everywhere ( when you're in the subway, you are at 3 min from ""République, 10 min from ""Opéra"", 30 min from "" La Défense"" or ""Champs Elysées"", 40 min de Montmartre""...), and at only 3 min of the Père Lachaise cemetery by feet. You will find a nice park very near, and 3 supermarkets at only 2 min by feet. The flat is in ""Rue Saint Maur"
26707	STANDING In a building secured by a code and an intercom. There is no lift. The Paris apartment is on the first floor and all the windows look onto the very quiet Rue Amelot. The place has been entirely renovated and furnished with taste. LAY OUT Upon opening the door of this Paris apartment, one enters first into the dining room equipped with a round table and lovely pieces of furnitures. The kitchen is open but separate from the apartment. It comes fully equipped and is perfectly functional. The living room has a double sofa bed, a coffee table and also a desk where one can work. The bedroom has a double bed and large wall closets where you can store all your luggage. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and is equipped with a bath tub and toilet. In conclusion this Paris vacation rental is very comfortable, quiet, sunny and pleasant. For friends or family, it will perfectly suit your stay.	Le Marais apartment suitable for 3 persons. STANDING In a building secured by a code and an intercom. There is no lift. The Paris apartment is on the first floor and all the windows look onto the very quiet Rue Amelot. The place has been entirely renovated and furnished with taste. LAY OUT Upon opening the door of this Paris apartment, one enters first into the dining room equipped with a round table and lovely pieces of furnitures. The kitchen is open but separate from the apartment. It comes fully equipped and is perfectly functional. The living room has a double sofa bed, a coffee table and also a desk where one can work. The bedroom has a double bed and large wall closets where you can store all your luggage. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and is equipped with a bath tub and toilet. In conclusion this Paris vacation rental is very comfortable, quiet, sunny and pleasant. For friends or family, it will perfectly suit your stay. LOCATION Located just in front of the very 
26708	Cette chambre se trouve en face d'une plus petite chambre qui est généralement louée aux etudiants. Donc vous allez être en colocation. 	Chambre à 25m2 avec salle de bain et meublé.L'appartement est proche de la station métro Oberkampf (3minutes a pied). Proche des commerces et laverie au pied de l'immeuble. Room with private bathroom. Close to MÉTRO OBERKAMPF, groceries and laundry. Cette chambre se trouve en face d'une plus petite chambre qui est généralement louée aux etudiants. Donc vous allez être en colocation. WC et Cuisine partagées. Proche de la station Oberkampf, vous avez accès a la ligne 5 et 9.
26709	Appartement calme et sécurisé. Grande chambre idéale pour 2 personnes. Lit double Pas de location long terme ! No long term rent !!	Downtown Paris appartment (Bastille). Appartement très bien situé dans le 11ème (website hidden)ès des bars, restaurants du quartier Bastille. Métro (subway /tube) n°9 direct : Champs Elysées, Galeries la Fayette, Hotel de Ville, Louvre et Marais. No long term rent. One month max. Appartement calme et sécurisé. Grande chambre idéale pour 2 personnes. Lit double Pas de location long terme ! No long term rent !! Salle de bain / bathroom Cuisine / kitchen Plein centre de Paris. Proche commerces, restaurants. Métro Bastille (ligne 1, 8 et 5) ou Voltaire (ligne 9) Depuis Aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle : RER B jusqu'à Gare du Nord puis métro ligne 5 jusqu'à Bastille La caution correspond à la clé sécurisée et le badge d'entrée de l'immeuble. En cas de perte une retenue sera faite sur le montant de la caution. Pas de location long terme. Un mois maximum en fonction de mes disponibilités. 
26710	Nice and full equipped flat 15min walking distance from Le Marais and 10min from Le Canal St Martin. Many metro lines/bus to reach all touristic places although you'll stay in a typical, non-touristic and high nightlife area! - Living/dining room with equipped kitchen: electric hob, washing machine, dishwasher, refrigerator, Nespresso machine etc.. - Bedroom with a double bed very comfortable with everything you need to put things.  Also small bathroom with shower, toilet separated. 	Nice and full equipped flat 15min walking distance from Le Marais and 10min from Le Canal St Martin. Many metro lines/bus to reach all touristic places although you'll stay in a typical, non-touristic and high nightlife area! Nice and full equipped flat 15min walking distance from Le Marais and 10min from Le Canal St Martin. Many metro lines/bus to reach all touristic places although you'll stay in a typical, non-touristic and high nightlife area! - Living/dining room with equipped kitchen: electric hob, washing machine, dishwasher, refrigerator, Nespresso machine etc.. - Bedroom with a double bed very comfortable with everything you need to put things.  Also small bathroom with shower, toilet separated. Very close to shops, pharmacies, bars, restaurants, bakery.  Wifi is included. Towels and sheets are provided. ...My home will be your home.  As I am a real gourmet, I would be happy to share with you my favorite tips of restaurants and also bakery wich I am found of! The apartment is 
26711		Beau 2 pièces ( 36 m² ), sur cour, parquet, cheminées. Une chambre, salle de bains, et cuisine séparée, en plus du salon. Commerces à 5 min à pieds, et transports à 2 min à pieds. Quartier calme, aéré et agréable, à deux pas de la place de la Nation. Télévision, Machine à Laver, Micro-onde et Four, Plaques électriques, Chaine Hifi Quartier calme et agréable, mais fonctionnel Marché les mercredis et samedis matins Place de la Nation, accès métro : lignes 2, 6, 1 et 9, arrêt RER A, nombreux bus autour de la place, nombreuses places de parking payantes aux alentours Appartement situé au 4ème étage, sans ascenseur.  Le lit dans la chambre est un lit deux places en mezzanine, sinon il y a un canapé lit dans le salon.
26712	30m² studio, well furnished and with all convenience available	Located in the heart of the very living “rue Oberkampf”, this flat offers you all the comfort needed for a lovely stay to discover or rediscover Paris from the true Parisian angle ! (very calm opens out on a private large courtyard, fully equipped) 30m² studio, well furnished and with all convenience available I live just a few streets away so I will come,  welcome you and show you the flat if you want to. More than happy to give you any tips or advice about the many cool places, bars, restaurants in the area, as well as about the rest of Paris (cool places to visit and discover away from the crowded areas)... Rue Oberkampf : one of the most living street in Paris ! Many good/fancy restaurants in the area : Le Dauphin, le Chateaubriand, Chatomat...
26713	The apartment is a spacious 530sqft space that has 2 bedrooms with two double beds and a comfortable convertible bed in the living room. It is furnished with designer furniture and decorated with Anne-Julie’s contemporary paintings. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a Haussmannian listed building and overlooks the courtyard, which makes it a very quiet and peaceful place. Great for singles, couples, families, and groups up to 6 people. Stay here and get around Paris with ease. Pere Lachaise is just a couple blocks away while you can walk to Bastille in 15min and discover the very attractive stores, restaurants and cafe down the Rue de Charonne. 	Welcome to our beautiful Artist apartment in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, a PRIME and SAFE historic neighborhood where you can get the whole Paris experience! The apartment is a spacious 530sqft space that has 2 bedrooms with two double beds and a comfortable convertible bed in the living room. It is furnished with designer furniture and decorated with Anne-Julie’s contemporary paintings. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a Haussmannian listed building and overlooks the courtyard, which makes it a very quiet and peaceful place. Great for singles, couples, families, and groups up to 6 people. Stay here and get around Paris with ease. Pere Lachaise is just a couple blocks away while you can walk to Bastille in 15min and discover the very attractive stores, restaurants and cafe down the Rue de Charonne. The apartment is exclusively for the guests!! The apartment is professionally cleaned before your arrival. Every time! ★Amenities★ * Private apartment all for yourself! * Free WiFi
26714	Hello everyone, My flat is available while I am away. It's a one bedroom flat, perfect for a couple and up to three persons, with a clear and comfy living-room, a fully equiped kitchen and a nice balcony with a table and chairs where you can chill out after a long day visiting Paris! It is also equiped with a full bathroom (with a bath :) ) and it features full amenities such as TV with full cable channels, internet and wifi, radio and CD player.  The flat is in a very trendy area, well known for its atmosphere, nice cafés, food shops, butcher, fish, charcuteries, flower, bookstores, art galleries, high end fashion boutiques. It is also 15m walk from the marais, typical and charming old fashioned Paris.  Ideally located, it is close to Bastille and the marais.  Closest Métro Stations : Faidherbe-Chaligny, rue des boulets and Nation.  I look forward hearing from you!  Danielle	Cute and full of light appartment in a great chilled out neighborhood.  Enjoy the balcony while listening to music. That's parisian life! Hello everyone, My flat is available while I am away. It's a one bedroom flat, perfect for a couple and up to three persons, with a clear and comfy living-room, a fully equiped kitchen and a nice balcony with a table and chairs where you can chill out after a long day visiting Paris! It is also equiped with a full bathroom (with a bath :) ) and it features full amenities such as TV with full cable channels, internet and wifi, radio and CD player.  The flat is in a very trendy area, well known for its atmosphere, nice cafés, food shops, butcher, fish, charcuteries, flower, bookstores, art galleries, high end fashion boutiques. It is also 15m walk from the marais, typical and charming old fashioned Paris.  Ideally located, it is close to Bastille and the marais.  Closest Métro Stations : Faidherbe-Chaligny, rue des boulets and Nation.  I look forward h
26715	Hi everybody ! On the top floor of a very cute building, i rent a space of 35 m2, your room is 12m2, and your dinning room is 14m2 (all the apartment is about 65m2 apartment). Kitchen and bathroom are shared (with me).  My appartment allows to be independent, as i leave on the other side of the flat in my living room and bedroom. Even if the dining room is yours for your stay, i have to pass through it to access the kitchen and the bathroom. Bedroom : double bed, wardrobe, small desk, white wooden floor. And a TV : it's new so i didn't put picture yet ! Kitchen : Oven, gaz cooking, dish washer, washing machine, kettle, toster, etc...  Bathroom : Sink, shower and toilets ( the bathroom is brand new, it was refurbished a few months ago ). The apartment is very charming, giving onto a courtyard and on the top floor, it is very calm. It is on the 4th floor and there is no elevator, but the stairs are large and easy (in my opinion). Wifi in the all flat.  Hope to hear from you soon. Do no t	Hi everybody ! On the top floor of a very cute building, i rent a space of 35 m2, your room is 12m2, and your dinning room is 14m2 (all the apartment is about 65m2 apartment). Kitchen and bathroom are shared (with me).  My appartment allows to be independent, as i leave on the other side of the flat in my living room and bedroom. Even if the dining room is yours for your stay, i have to pass through it to access the kitchen and the bathroom. Bedroom : double bed, wardrobe, small desk, white wooden floor. And a TV : it's new so i didn't put picture yet ! Kitchen : Oven, gaz cooking, dish washer, washing machine, kettle, toster, etc...  Bathroom : Sink, shower and toilets ( the bathroom is brand new, it was refurbished a few months ago ). The apartment is very charming, giving onto a courtyard and on the top floor, it is very calm. It is on the 4th floor and there is no elevator, but the stairs are large and easy (in my opinion). Wifi in the all flat.  Hope to hear from you soon. Do no t
26716	"Apartment description :  - Living room (TV, DVD player, wifi, couch can be converted to double bed)  - Fully equipped kitchen (oven, dishwasher, fridge&freezer, electric hotplates)  - Bathroom (shower/bath, sink, washing machine). Toilet in a separate room. - 1 large bedroom with double bed  - Miscellaneous (iron, large wardrobe, hall, foyer;  Area description :  - Closer subways stations :  + 20 meters from Chemin Vert (line 8) + 50 meters from Bréguet-Sabin (lines 5)  + 300 meters far from Bastille (lines 1, 5 and 8)  + 500 meters from Saint Ambroise (line 9) - Closer touristic areas :  + Just a few steps from Bastille district  (restaurants, market, bars, brasserie-type bars, shopping district but also its lively nightlife) and on the edge of the Marais quarter ( La ""Place des Vosges"" is nearly on the other side of the street with its lovely garden and bars) + The new ""Place de la République"" is worth a walk and you can after chill out on the canal Saint Martin quays or go to the ve"	"Apartment description :  - Living room (TV, DVD player, wifi, couch can be converted to double bed)  - Fully equipped kitchen (oven, dishwasher, fridge&freezer, electric hotplates)  - Bathroom (shower/bath, sink, washing machine). Toilet in a separate room. - 1 large bedroom with double bed  - Miscellaneous (iron, large wardrobe, hall, foyer;  Area description :  - Closer subways stations :  + 20 meters from Chemin Vert (line 8) + 50 meters from Bréguet-Sabin (lines 5)  + 300 meters far from Bastille (lines 1, 5 and 8)  + 500 meters from Saint Ambroise (line 9) - Closer touristic areas :  + Just a few steps from Bastille district  (restaurants, market, bars, brasserie-type bars, shopping district but also its lively nightlife) and on the edge of the Marais quarter ( La ""Place des Vosges"" is nearly on the other side of the street with its lovely garden and bars) + The new ""Place de la République"" is worth a walk and you can after chill out on the canal Saint Martin quays or go to the ve"
26717	This beautiful apartment for 10 travelers of  98.70  m2 / 1062,4 sq feet is part of a building with 4 apartment to rent. The spirit of building and lofts is industrial and wood Within minutes of Bastille and Le Marais, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your Parisian stay memorable: Modern furniture, several bathrooms, home cinema, LCD TV, high-end appliances... You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with 3 double beds and 4 single beds. The apartment has a cot for baby too Apartment details: - 3 bedrooms with double size bed (140 cm x 200 cm = 55 in x 79 in) including 1 accessible for wheelchair - 1 bedroom with 4 single beds (twin beds)  (100 cm x 200 cm = 40 in x 79 in) - 2 bathrooms - one with a shower and another with 2 showers - 3 toilets - Babies equipment - Sheets and towels included - WIFI free access - Air Conditioning This apartment is perfect for welcoming a whole family, a group of friends or just a couple looking for a nice, spaci	    98.70  m2 / 1062,4 sq feet - 4 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, 3 toilets, Sleeps 11 - air conditionning    This beautiful apartment for 10 travelers of  98.70  m2 / 1062,4 sq feet is part of a building with 4 apartment to rent. The spirit of building and lofts is industrial and wood Within minutes of Bastille and Le Marais, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your Parisian stay memorable: Modern furniture, several bathrooms, home cinema, LCD TV, high-end appliances... You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with 3 double beds and 4 single beds. The apartment has a cot for baby too Apartment details: - 3 bedrooms with double size bed (140 cm x 200 cm = 55 in x 79 in) including 1 accessible for wheelchair - 1 bedroom with 4 single beds (twin beds)  (100 cm x 200 cm = 40 in x 79 in) - 2 bathrooms - one with a shower and another with 2 showers - 3 toilets - Babies equipment - Sheets and towels included - WIFI free access - Air Conditioning This apartment 
26718	In the heart of the 11th district of Paris, this 21 sqf flat is located in the back of the residence away from the street providing a calm environment. Designed by an architect, the flat is very functional and comfortable.  The bed is located on the mezzanine under the roof perched in the middle of apparent beams enabling you to take full advantage of floor space.  Fond of decoration and DIY we gave the flat a nice layout. The kitchen is fully equipped and functional. The bathroom consists of a walk-in shower with a marble mosaic and toilet. The apartment has WI-FI access which you will be free to use. Thanks to the balcony you will be able to enjoy the nice weather, why not accompanied by a croissant and a coffee. You would like to go for a walk? You can easily reach the Canal Saint Martin (5min), Place de la République (3min), the Marais (8min) or la Bastille (15min)!	In the heart of the 11th district of Paris, this 21 sqf flat is located in the back of the residence away from the street providing a calm environment. Designed by an architect, the flat is very functional and comfortable.  The bed is located on the mezzanine under the roof perched in the middle of apparent beams enabling you to take full advantage of floor space.  Fond of decoration and DIY we gave the flat a nice layout. The kitchen is fully equipped and functional. The bathroom consists of a walk-in shower with a marble mosaic and toilet. The apartment has WI-FI access which you will be free to use. Thanks to the balcony you will be able to enjoy the nice weather, why not accompanied by a croissant and a coffee. You would like to go for a walk? You can easily reach the Canal Saint Martin (5min), Place de la République (3min), the Marais (8min) or la Bastille (15min)! Very keen of cooking and wine, we will gladly share with you our nice adresses for restaurants, bars and bistros. If 
26719	Freshly renovated at the top floor so very bright Perfect for 2 persons.	Apartment at the top floor with elevator of a typical Parisian building freshly renovated with its original fireplace. Bright and quiet, it will be perfect for a couple visiting Paris. Freshly renovated at the top floor so very bright Perfect for 2 persons. Access to the intégrality of the appartment  : Kitchen, Living room, Bathroom, Bedroom Metro stations in less than 5 min by walkng : - Alexandre Dumas (line 2)  Metro stations in less than 10min by walkng :  - Nation (RER A, line 1,2,6,9) - Rue des boulets (line 9)
26720	C'est un loft typique français, tranquille.	American teacher/Artist/ offers a room (11m2) in a loft with private shower and shared American kitchen. 50€ per night, 1 single// 2 singles 70€ per night (2nd on floor matress). Loft in quiet courtyard. wifi. Markets,   Lively Central Bastille Central Paris. Easy public transport buses/metro. Plenty of neighborhood cafés...
26721		Grande chambre avec balcon dans un grand appartement de 3 pièces. Il y a deux chambre dans l'appartement, une seule est disponible et peut accueillir deux personnes . Appartement de 70 m2 avec balcon filant , grand salon , entièrement équipé . accès à toutes les pièces , salle de bain , salon , balcon, cuisine Quartier très dynamique, très proche des lieux touristiques tel que le marais, république , le louvre ... C'est aussi un quartier très branché avec beaucoup de restaurants et bars. Idéalement situé dans le cœur du 11eme, à 5 minutes à pieds de la place des Vosges et du marais , proches de bars et resto sympa.  A 10 minutes de république et du canal saint martin. A 15 minutes en metro de l'opera garnier et des galeries lafayettes. l'appartement est à partager avec une australienne qui occupe l'autre chambre
26722	It's a tiny but well organized flat.  	        Spacious living room with 1 double bed in newly renovated 45 sq meters apartment between BASTILLE sq. and PERE LACHAISE cemetery, close to VOLTAIRE metro st. (line 9). 20min walking from PLACE DES VOSGES and MARAIS area.        It's a tiny but well organized flat.  Guest will have access the fully equipped kitchen (with a 4 person table) and the bathroom (with shower, washbasin and wc). I will be in the flat as well but i won't violate your privacy since the two bedrooms are quite far apart. I will be glad to welcome you and give you some informations about the neighborhood :-)
26723	Luminoso, spazioso e arredato con gusto.	Accanto alla grande piazza di Nation nel centro di Parigi,là dove l'11esimo e il 12esimo incontrano il 20esimo in un melange di possibilità diverse: Appart. di 45m interamente equipaggiato. Tranquillo,luminoso,ottima base per vacanze indimenticabili. Luminoso, spazioso e arredato con gusto. Essendo nel punto d'incrocio di tre arrondissement diversi si ha la possibilità di catapultarsi in ambiance completamente diverse svoltando l'angolo. Vi consiglieremo inoltre ristoranti, bar e commerci comodi a prezzi onesti. Accesso ai trasporti facile: in piazza Nation tre linee metro, più diversi bus due stazioni Velib. Accesso ai trasporti facile: in piazza Nation tre linee metro (1,2 e 6), più diversi bus due stazioni Velib.
26724		63m2 flat with queen size bed + convertible couch Next to subway station Voltaire (less than 1min), and all shops (supermarket, bakery, green grocers, butchery, pharmacy, tabacco...) Perfect for business trips or to discover the city Easy access to everything with any kind of transportation. Lot of animations in the neighborhood. Close to Bastille and the Pere Lachese. - Métro Ligne 9 : Voltaire - Bus 46, 61, 69, N16 et N34 - Station Vélib n° 11024 I live there all year so please respect the place. :)
26725		This  well situated apartment offers a cozy and charming stay in central Paris. The bedroom faces a beautiful and quiet courtyard that provides for a good night's rest. Only two blocks away from the famous cemetery of Pere Lachaise and the metro. 
26726	Superbe 2 pièces avec balcon, calme et ensoleillé.	Superbe 2 pièces avec balcon, calme et ensoleillé. Les voyageurs auront accès : - Cuisine : four, four à micro-onde, frigo, plaques, lave-vaisselle. - Salle à manger : machine à laver, baignoire, sèche cheveux. - Salon : WIFI. Au cœur du 11e, entre les quartier de Bastille, Oberkampf, Nation et République. Aux pieds du Métro : Charonne, ligne 9.
26727	Very well equiped apartement. You will fell like at home.	Bastille, grand 2 pièces pour 4 personnes. Internet haut debit, wifi, PS3, Bose. Une chambre avec un lit king size. Salon avec un canapé lit. Logement entièrement équipé haut de gamme.  Au 1er étage avec ascenseur. Tout est intégralement neuf. Very well equiped apartement. You will fell like at home. Just near Bastille metro station (line 1). I will be there for your check in. Le quartier historique de Paris. Vivant le jour comme la nuit. De nombreux restaurants, boulangerie, commerces... Bar et brasserie de jour et de nuit. Le marais est à 5 minutes à pied, la place des Vosges à 5 minutes également. Port de l'arsenal de Bastille à 100 mètres !
26728	Very typical parisian flat in haussman style (nice trims on ceiling) with a fireplace, quiet	Cosy and typical parisian flat (Hausmann style) of 50 m2 with 3 rooms (one living room with a clip clap, one sleeping room, on room with a library and a desk is more or less to entreprise things), a kitchen, a little bathroom with a shower. Very typical parisian flat in haussman style (nice trims on ceiling) with a fireplace, quiet The whole apartment is for you. A friend of mine, both English and French speaking, will welcome you, give you the keys and answer your questions about what to do in Paris Quiet neighborhood in the evening, and lively during the days, with lots of shoppings, restaurants, supermarkets, etc. Very near to everything in Paris (for example 10-15mn by metro to the Marais). Near beautiful Bois de Vincennes. Renting a bicycle is the best way to discover Paris and stay healthy ! No elevator (but second floor)
26729		Located in the heart of the 11th arrondissement (elected best arrondissement by the Mercialfred lifestyle blog), come experience Paris from a local's point-of-view. Les gens ! Et oui vous ne rêvez pas ! Voltaire est un petit village dans Paris ! Je vous donnerai les bonnes adresses pour vous régaler :) Métro Voltaire : Ligne 9 Bus : 61 - 69 - 46  Vélib Autolib 
26730	Typical Parisian flat for rent this summer. 50 meters from place de la nation (metro 1,2,6,9 RER A, many bus lines). Plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. One big bedroom, a dressing room, a 23 m2 living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, all furnished. Check in and check out tailor mades. Wifi, cable TV.	Typical Parisian flat for rent this summer. 50 meters from place de la nation (metro 1,2,6,9 RER A, many bus lines). Plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. One big bedroom, a dressing room, a 23 m2 living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, all furnished. Check in and check out tailor mades. Wifi, cable TV.
26731	Ideal for couples in love! 	Ideally located between Bastille and Nation, in the vibrant heart of Faidherbe village where bars, shops, restaurants and art galleries meet.  The apartment is new and..take a look at the pics! Don't wait longer for a real Paris experience!
26732	A residential area close to the shops (supermaket), restaurants specialized in French food, located at 15mn by foot from the Bastille. Cinéma : 5mn by foot Disco : La Casba : 10mn by foot	A renovated apartment with 1 kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 1 toilet, 1 bathroom, 2 wide bedrooms with 160cm bed large, a balcony, located at the 4th floor with elevator. A residential area close to the shops (supermaket), restaurants specialized in French food, located at 15mn by foot from the Bastille. Cinéma : 5mn by foot Disco : La Casba : 10mn by foot Subway : Boulets Montreuil, Nation, and Faidherbe Chaligny. 2 neighboors on same floor METRO STATIONS CLOSE TO THE FLAT : NATION, FAIDHERBE CHALIGNY, BOULETS-MONTREUIL
26733	אנו משכירים חדר בדירתנו בפריז.  הדירה מאובזרת עם אינטרנט אלחוטי והיא ממוקמת במקום מרכזי ברובע ה 11  (עשר דקות הליכה מהבסטיליה)	חדר להשכרה בדירה במיקום מרכזי מתאים לעד שני אנשים אנו משכירים חדר בדירתנו בפריז.  הדירה מאובזרת עם אינטרנט אלחוטי והיא ממוקמת במקום מרכזי ברובע ה 11  (עשר דקות הליכה מהבסטיליה) בדירה סלון, מטבח ואמבטיה/שרותים משותפים
26734	Charming appartement of 50m2 in a really cool Paris area, close to Oberkampf, Republique and Le Marais, near the Canal Saint-Martin. There are 2 bedrooms : one includes a queen bed for 2 adults. The other one is a child bedroom with 2 beds and a lot of games and books (for 3-4 years old). This room can welcome 2 children or 1 children and 1 adult.  I can recommend you the good areas, restaurants, my great baby-sitter... In the living room, one third adult can sleep on the coach. Great for a couple or three adults. IDEAL FOR COUPLE WITH CHILDREN ! Charmant 3 pièces de 50m2 au fond d'une cour fleurie, entre les stations de métro Goncourt (ligne 11), Parmentier (ligne 3)et Oberkampf (ligne 9). Il comprend deux chambres : la chambre des parents avec avec un grand lit deux places et celle des enfants avec deux lits, un en hauteur et un autre qui peut accueillir un enfant ou un adulte. Il y a également un lit parapluie pour bébé à disposition et un canapé dans le salon pouvant faire dormir u	Idéal for parents, solo or couple, with 1 or 2 kids. A parent bedroom + a 5 years old kid bedroom + some other beds, in one of the coolest area of Paris. Charming appartement of 50m2 in a really cool Paris area, close to Oberkampf, Republique and Le Marais, near the Canal Saint-Martin. There are 2 bedrooms : one includes a queen bed for 2 adults. The other one is a child bedroom with 2 beds and a lot of games and books (for 3-4 years old). This room can welcome 2 children or 1 children and 1 adult.  I can recommend you the good areas, restaurants, my great baby-sitter... In the living room, one third adult can sleep on the coach. Great for a couple or three adults. IDEAL FOR COUPLE WITH CHILDREN ! Charmant 3 pièces de 50m2 au fond d'une cour fleurie, entre les stations de métro Goncourt (ligne 11), Parmentier (ligne 3)et Oberkampf (ligne 9). Il comprend deux chambres : la chambre des parents avec avec un grand lit deux places et celle des enfants avec deux lits, un en hauteur et un aut
26735	Renovated apartment located in a lovely quiet Parisian alley .  Very well located in Paris in a nice neighborhood (11th district of Paris) ! It's a loft with a nice glass that separates the kitchen and the bathroom .  40 m2 (430 sq ft) with a small room (but a big bed!). This apartment is very tastefully decorated. You will spend a great time in a very charming and lively neighborhood of Paris ... There's two metro stations and a bus line really close to the apartment to go Paris down town (10 minutes to Notre Dame, Saint Gemain, Centre Pompidou, Le Marais ...).  There's everything you need to do your shopping (boulangerie, shops ...) . You will feel at home and could use all the equipement in the flat (espresso machine, washing machine ...)  if you need more information, do not hesitate to ask, I will be happy to answer and give you some adice to make your journey unforgettable ! Ask all the questions you want, I'm here to answer as quickly as possible ! 	Renovated apartment located in a lovely quiet Parisian alley .  Very well located in Paris in a nice neighborhood (11th district of Paris) ! Renovated apartment located in a lovely quiet Parisian alley .  Very well located in Paris in a nice neighborhood (11th district of Paris) ! It's a loft with a nice glass that separates the kitchen and the bathroom .  40 m2 (430 sq ft) with a small room (but a big bed!). This apartment is very tastefully decorated. You will spend a great time in a very charming and lively neighborhood of Paris ... There's two metro stations and a bus line really close to the apartment to go Paris down town (10 minutes to Notre Dame, Saint Gemain, Centre Pompidou, Le Marais ...).  There's everything you need to do your shopping (boulangerie, shops ...) . You will feel at home and could use all the equipement in the flat (espresso machine, washing machine ...)  if you need more information, do not hesitate to ask, I will be happy to answer and give you some adice to
26736	Calm and clear, the birds in the heart of Paris means.	Beautiful sunny studio 25m2, us kitchen, bathroom, loft, quiet and bright. Between Bastille and Ledru-Rollin 5 minutes from the subway, near the famous Aligre Place with cosmopolitan market, close by Paul Bert Street and his Parisian bistros... Enjoy Calm and clear, the birds in the heart of Paris means. Téléphone (phone number hidden) ou mail: s.(email hidden) Very safe neighborhood full of friendly pubs or trendy restaurants Barrio Latino, China, Square Trousseau, French Café, Brasserie Boffinger, popular market Aligre up Metro line 8: Ledru Rollin Metro line 1: Bastille Direct bus Mayor of Paris, Marais 4th
26737	Ideal for two people	Bright apartment located near tourist monuments (Montmartre, Père Lachaise Cemetery, Canal St Martin, Notre Dame ...). Close to asian hood, trendy bar & boutique (Le Marais Area)... More info on this site / Buttes-Chaumont - Belleville Ideal for two people Wifi. Oven. Washer.   I prefer to interact by mail before choosing my guest.  Arty / Cosmopolite neighborhood. Closed to the Canal St Martin and all great attraction (Montmartre, Père Lachaise Cemetery, Canal St Martin, Le Marais, Asian hood, Notre Dame...) Lot of bars and restaurants (République, Oberkampf / Parmentier, Le marais, Belleville chinese hood...) Between two stations (4 min by walk).
26738	On the main floor in a quiet arbored courtyard, this all equipped studio will welcome your stay (over 2 days) in Paris.  The place is an open space made for your comfort with a lovely kitchen and a living-bed room.  The kitchen include hob, fridge, microwave, etc and all the necessary articles to help you cook some wonderful meals.  Charonne street is knowned as a dynamic street with lots of excellent food stores.  It is a few steps away (10 to 15 mins walking distance; or 5 mins with the bus 76); from the historical place de la Bastille, were you ll find lots of trendy restaurants, bars etc.  Charonne 's corner will offer you some quieter and closer facilities. Otherwise  the Charonne metro station (line 9)  is 2 mins away and will easily bring you to all the major tourist places : Champs élysées, Nation, Republique, Notre-Dame etc in no time.  Just enjoy your trip in Paris and live it like a Parisian.  Linens and towels are provided.	On the main floor in a quiet arbored courtyard, this all equipped studio will welcome your stay (over 2 days) in Paris.  The place is an open space made for your comfort with a lovely kitchen and a living-bed room.  The kitchen include hob, fridge, microwave, etc and all the necessary articles to help you cook some wonderful meals.  Charonne street is knowned as a dynamic street with lots of excellent food stores.  It is a few steps away (10 to 15 mins walking distance; or 5 mins with the bus 76); from the historical place de la Bastille, were you ll find lots of trendy restaurants, bars etc.  Charonne 's corner will offer you some quieter and closer facilities. Otherwise  the Charonne metro station (line 9)  is 2 mins away and will easily bring you to all the major tourist places : Champs élysées, Nation, Republique, Notre-Dame etc in no time.  Just enjoy your trip in Paris and live it like a Parisian.  Linens and towels are provided. The apartment is fully available. You'll enjoy you
26739		Joli studio de 35m², salle de bain avec baignoire, coin cuisine. Séjour lumineux et spacieux. 3° étage avec ascenseur. Meublé avec connexion wifi. Beautiful flat at the third floor. Nice bathroom, american kitchen, lighty living room. Fully furnished with wifi connexion and practical kitchen. See pictures below. Welcome to Paris
26740	This is the apartment I'm living in. It's fully furnished (including washing machine). The place is yours (no other guest will be there while you're staying.) The street is full of bars and restaurants but the room is quiet because it's on the back court side.	Large and bright studio with kitchen and washing machine. Can host 2 to 3 persons and best choice to enjoy the bars and restaurant of Oberkampf. Next to the center via subway line 3 (2 min walk) and Montmartre line 2 (5min walk). This is the apartment I'm living in. It's fully furnished (including washing machine). The place is yours (no other guest will be there while you're staying.) The street is full of bars and restaurants but the room is quiet because it's on the back court side. Fridge, Eater, Oven, Dish washer, Internet, TV, Elevator, bathub...you name it :) I'll show you the place around and give some advice on the neighborhood at check in. My girlfriend, living 15min from the apartment, is available at anytime if necessary. Oberkampf is one of the most dynamic area in Paris right now. You'll be in the very heart of the neighborhood with Rue Oberkampf and Rue Jean Pierre Timbaud, the two major streets, literally surrounding the apartment. Line 3 is 2min walk (Rue St Maur or Pa
26741	Au 10ème et dernier étage, appartement calme de 3 pièces avec balcon,  entièrement rénové en 2012. Vue sur tout Paris (Montmartre, Bastille, Tour Eiffel...). A proximité de la place de La Bastille. Quartier animé. Nombreux restaurants . Cuisine entièrement équipée (Frigo américain, Lave-linge séchant, Four, plaques à induction, micro-onde, cafetière Nespresso …) 2 Téléviseurs plat Grand écran. Free box haut débit (fibre optique). Mobilier neuf.	"Au 10ème et dernier étage, appartement calme de 3 pièces avec balcon,  entièrement rénové en 2012. Vue sur tout Paris (Montmartre, Bastille, Tour Eiffel...). A proximité de la place de La Bastille. Quartier animé. Nombreux restaurants. Au 10ème et dernier étage, appartement calme de 3 pièces avec balcon,  entièrement rénové en 2012. Vue sur tout Paris (Montmartre, Bastille, Tour Eiffel...). A proximité de la place de La Bastille. Quartier animé. Nombreux restaurants . Cuisine entièrement équipée (Frigo américain, Lave-linge séchant, Four, plaques à induction, micro-onde, cafetière Nespresso …) 2 Téléviseurs plat Grand écran. Free box haut débit (fibre optique). Mobilier neuf. Le quartier est très animé et convivial. C'est l'endroit de Paris où il y a la plus forte densité de restaurants. Il y a un Carrefour City au numéro d'après (à 5 mètres de l'immeuble) Il y a un centre de gym 2 numéros après (à 50 mètres de l'immeuble) L'appartement est très bien desservi : Station de métro ""Faidhe"
26742	The studio is very clear with to big windows, we have a bar in the kitchen. The apartment is very quiet facing the courtyard.	Cozy appartement located in the 11th arrondissement. Clear, calm & clean, this studio is ideal for a couple. Close to the subway, you can reach all the night spots on foot. The studio is very clear with to big windows, we have a bar in the kitchen. The apartment is very quiet facing the courtyard. All of the appartement is yours ! You can count on us to help you during your stay. You can join us at any moment if you need some help or advice. Our flat is located in the 11 arrondissement of Paris, near Voltaire subway station. -Bastille (10min walk) -Parmentier / Ménilmontant (10min walk)  -Reach Châtelet, the center of Paris by bus in 10min -République (5min by subway). You can find a lot of different bars, parcs & restaurants, a supermarket, a bakery, a pharmacy just down the street. 1min walk from the subway line 9 and 5min walk from line 2.  You also have a lot different bus to all the main places of Paris.  (phone number hidden)...
26743		"Nice and cosy bedroom (1 single bed and 1 bed of supplement) in a serene and pleasant Appartment of 100m2 surrounded with plants and vegetation. Facilities: Towels, bed-linen, iron, hair-dryer. Refrigerator, kettle, toaster, microwave. Wifi, TV, Peace & quiet (email hidden)ly and safe area. You will find EVERYTHING YOU SHALL NEED within 2 minutes walk from home. Close to La Bastille (10mn walk): Victor Hugo House, Picasso, Carnavalet museum, quai de l'Arsenal, bars & night-clubs, restaurants... Three minutes walk from metro Voltaire (Line 9).  Metro lines: 1, 2, 3 (Bastille, Père-Lachaise, Saint-Maur) are about 5 to 10 minutes max. A ""packed"" breakfast will be offered upon your arrival: tea, coffee, milk, fruit juice, brioche bread. The household of the end of stay: 15 € "
26744	Discover Paris in this charming apartment, located in the very trendy & animated neighborhood of Republique / Oberkampf (11th arrondissment). 1 minute walk from Parmentier station (Metro line 3). Situated at the 5th floor with LIFT in a typical 19th parisian style building, this large flat (+100 meters squarred) is perfect for 4 to 6 people. The flat is equipped with washing machine, dishwasher, oven, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi, computer... Also provided : bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and all kitchen ustensils needed. LIVING ROOM  The large living room is 40 m2 and faces a peaceful court. It has a beautiful bow-window, 2 fireplace and is equipped with a dining table, two sofa (1 confortable convertible for two), cable, TV & a piano. BEDROOM 1  This bedroom faces the peaceful court. Il is equipped with a confortable & recent king size bed (1,60m), desk, computer and fireplace. BEDROOM 2 This bedroom has a balcony and faces the street. It is equiped wi	A charming, confortable and large appartment with a traditional parisian style, fully furnished. Located in a lively and warm neighborhood, at 2 steps from a metro station, it offers an easy access to all commodities, shops and major touristic sites. Discover Paris in this charming apartment, located in the very trendy & animated neighborhood of Republique / Oberkampf (11th arrondissment). 1 minute walk from Parmentier station (Metro line 3). Situated at the 5th floor with LIFT in a typical 19th parisian style building, this large flat (+100 meters squarred) is perfect for 4 to 6 people. The flat is equipped with washing machine, dishwasher, oven, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi, computer... Also provided : bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and all kitchen ustensils needed. LIVING ROOM  The large living room is 40 m2 and faces a peaceful court. It has a beautiful bow-window, 2 fireplace and is equipped with a dining table, two sofa (1 confortable convertible f
26745	Bonne luminosité	Ce très joli deux pièces se trouve entre République et Belleville et proche du Canal St Martin. Situé dans un quartier vivant et central, il idéal pour un couple ! Lumineux (deux balcons), bien équipé (Internet, TV, cuisine) et proche du métro Goncourt Bonne luminosité Internet, Television, Cuisine 
26746	(1)There are many different metro lines around here.You could go   to the metro station by walk.      3minutes--Bastille metro(Line 1, 8 ,5,14)      2minutes--Voltaire metro(Line 9)      2minutes--Ledru Rollin metro(Line 8) (2) Near the Seine River. (3)So many famous and funny bars around RUE DE LAPPE.      You could go there by walk for 2 minutes. (4)My house is very quiet that nobody could disturb you.	Hello,guys I hope you could love my house. It is in BASTILLE. There are many different metro lines around here.You could go   to the metro station by walk.      3minutes--Bastille metro(Line 1, 8 ,5,14)      2minutes--Voltaire metro(Line 9)      2minutes--Ledru Rollin metro(Line 8) Seine River. So many famous and funny bars around RUE DE LAPPE.      You could go there by walk for 2 minutes. My house is very quiet that nobody could disturb you. (1)There are many different metro lines around here.You could go   to the metro station by walk.      3minutes--Bastille metro(Line 1, 8 ,5,14)      2minutes--Voltaire metro(Line 9)      2minutes--Ledru Rollin metro(Line 8) (2) Near the Seine River. (3)So many famous and funny bars around RUE DE LAPPE.      You could go there by walk for 2 minutes. (4)My house is very quiet that nobody could disturb you. Anywhere if you like. Yes, I  would like to make friends and help them. (1)There are many different metro lines around here.You could go   to th
26747		Chambre agréable et spacieuse dans un appartement typique du coeur de Paris. Tout confort, deux balcons, deux chambres, un salon, tout équipé a deux pas de la place de la République, du quartier st Maur/Oberkampf, a 10 minutes de Bastille. Bons conseils sur le quartier et sur Paris Metro 2 et 3
26748	Beautiful 50 sqm appartment with an amazing panoramic view over Paris. Right next to the Historical Pere Lachaise cemetery. East / west orientation. Very bright with hardwood flooring throughout, it offers top-quality amenities for an enjoyable vacation 1 terrace to the west with a view over all the main monuments: La Tour Eiffel, Le Sacre Coeur, Cathedrale Notre Dame, le Centre Georges Pompidou, Le Pantheon, Arc de triomphe, Les Invalides, Bastille ... 1 balcony to the east overlooking the Pere Lachaise cemetery, Fully Furnished Appartment with Designer furnitures. Bedroom has a Queen size Bed and a direct acces to the terrace. Fully equipped kitchen with gas coooking stove / electric oven / fridge - freezer / microwave oven / dishwasher / washing machine /dryer / Free Wi fi internet Possibility to hire a Gas Bbq to cook on the terrace !	"Top floor charming 1 bedroom appartment near ""Pere Lachaise"". Breathtaking panoramic view over Paris on the west side terrace and over the Pere Lachaise on the east side balcony. Designer furnitures / Queen size bed for 2 / Spare bed for 2 Beautiful 50 sqm appartment with an amazing panoramic view over Paris. Right next to the Historical Pere Lachaise cemetery. East / west orientation. Very bright with hardwood flooring throughout, it offers top-quality amenities for an enjoyable vacation 1 terrace to the west with a view over all the main monuments: La Tour Eiffel, Le Sacre Coeur, Cathedrale Notre Dame, le Centre Georges Pompidou, Le Pantheon, Arc de triomphe, Les Invalides, Bastille ... 1 balcony to the east overlooking the Pere Lachaise cemetery, Fully Furnished Appartment with Designer furnitures. Bedroom has a Queen size Bed and a direct acces to the terrace. Fully equipped kitchen with gas coooking stove / electric oven / fridge - freezer / microwave oven / dishwasher / washing m"
26749		Charmant 3 pièces lumineux donnant sur cour, à la décoration minimale et cosy. L'immeuble est calme et reposant. Les voisins sont très accueillants. En plein cœur du 11ème arrondissement, près d'un square, de commerces et très facile d'accès ! Bienvenue chez nous :)
26750	Our flat is bright and quiet, provided with all the required equipment for a pleasant stay. Kitchen: dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, gas cooker, fridge, freezer, coffee machine and all the necessary accessories for cooking Living room: dining table (4 to 6 people), sofa bed,  coffee table, flat screen, cable, free wifi, curtains, parquet floor Bedroom: double bed (1.40mx2m), dressing, curtains, parquet floor Bathroom: shower, sink, toilet 	Nice flat of 55m² (4 people), central and in a quiet street. Enjoy the functional kitchen, the subway proximity and the dynamic quarter. Our flat is bright and quiet, provided with all the required equipment for a pleasant stay. Kitchen: dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, gas cooker, fridge, freezer, coffee machine and all the necessary accessories for cooking Living room: dining table (4 to 6 people), sofa bed,  coffee table, flat screen, cable, free wifi, curtains, parquet floor Bedroom: double bed (1.40mx2m), dressing, curtains, parquet floor Bathroom: shower, sink, toilet All the equipments mentioned above are available for the guests. The household linen is provided. We are available to advice you before your Parisian stay. Located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, the flat is only 50 meters away from the subway station Faidherbe-Chaligny. You can easily walk to Bastille or Nation, which are famous places. The quarter is dynamic, surrounded by many restaurants and th
26751		Enjoy this unique loft in a very calm street in the lively 11th arrondissement of Paris (close to Oberkampf, Père Lachaise and Bastille) for the holidays.  The loft is 95 m² and can fit 6 people. 2 rooms to rent! 1 of the roommates is in the 3rd room We suggest people to rent one room for 50€ a night if they're 2, or 2 bedrooms for 100€ a night if they're more
26752	120 M2 close to Père Lachaise 2 bedrooms 2WC 2 bathrooms 	beautiful appart in downtown Paris  suit for 2 couples or family with 2 children 120 M2 close to Père Lachaise 2 bedrooms 2WC 2 bathrooms full appartment
26753	This is a charming Parisian loft (duplex) apartment in the 11th arrondissement. If you're looking for a classic, and comfortable, Parisian space, this is it. Nice dining area, equipped kitchen, and comfortable lounge area with exposed beam ceiling. Lots of light from the lounge and views of the city and Eiffel Tower. Upstairs includes double bed, full bath and plenty of storage. Equipped with wifi. 	Beautiful, furnished apartment (45 m2). 6th floor with elevator and panoramic view of Paris. Great neighborhood and centrally located to the Canal Saint-Martin and lots of restaurants. Full kitchen, salon and loft with double bed and full bath. This is a charming Parisian loft (duplex) apartment in the 11th arrondissement. If you're looking for a classic, and comfortable, Parisian space, this is it. Nice dining area, equipped kitchen, and comfortable lounge area with exposed beam ceiling. Lots of light from the lounge and views of the city and Eiffel Tower. Upstairs includes double bed, full bath and plenty of storage. Equipped with wifi. I am available to greet visitors and am happy to share information and recommendations to make your stay easie The Oberkampf-République neighborhood has so much to offer. Lovely boulangeries, neighborhood retailers and boutiques, and great restaurants just steps outside your door. The Bastille and Marais neighborhoods are each a 15 minute walk. Locate
26754		Charmant et spacieux 3 pièces en plein coeur de l'est parisien (77m2). Baigné de soleil, belle pièce à vivre sur cuisine ouverte. Calme, apaisant, sur cour. Moderne et équipé, proche lignes centrales de métro. Idéal pour une famille ou entre amis. Disponibles et à votre écoute!  Pour toute question ou conseils: Présents à l arrivée et au départ  Joignables par téléphone/mail/what s up Charlotte et Nicolas Au cœur de plusieurs lignes centrales de métro et bus! Metro Nation ligne 1 Metro Alexandre Dumas ligne 2 Metro Rue des Boulets ligne 9 Bus 76 Charonne Bagnolet Bus 86 Nation Vélib :  Alexandre Dumas Philippe Auguste rue des boulets
26755	Appartement entièrement refait par un architecte. Quartier très calme et à proximité du quartier animé d'Oberkampf. 	Appartement entièrement refait par un architecte. Quartier très calme et à proximité du quartier animé d'Oberkampf. 
26756	Hi & Welcome! Our lovely 100 sqf(90m²) flat is the perfect place to stay in Paris. The 16m² private bedroom is furnished with a double bed and an lovely view free until the tour Montparnasse !! And exceptional in Paris, it is completely calm (except for the birds singing in the sunrise...) The flat is spacious and sunny with large windows, heated floor to keep your feet warm in winter, entirely equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and a big living room. The flat has a central location, close to Bastille, Marais and République. Métro lines 3,9 & 5 are located less than 5 mins away. In addition to your room, you will enjoy access to the kitchen, a large living room with Wifi, Tv and audio system, bathroom and toilets. All the three of us (1 guy & 2 girls) have lived abroad and we love to meet new people!  We speak French, English, Spanish, Italian and a little bit of Chinese!  Florian is the best to give you some unique visit tips, Manon will give you the best place to eat and Pauline	Large bedroom with double bed in a 1000 sqf (90m²) apartment. Perfectly located to discover Paris in a safe and lively neighborhood. The 16m² private bedroom is furnished with a double bed and an lovely view. It is Completely calm. Hi & Welcome! Our lovely 100 sqf(90m²) flat is the perfect place to stay in Paris. The 16m² private bedroom is furnished with a double bed and an lovely view free until the tour Montparnasse !! And exceptional in Paris, it is completely calm (except for the birds singing in the sunrise...) The flat is spacious and sunny with large windows, heated floor to keep your feet warm in winter, entirely equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and a big living room. The flat has a central location, close to Bastille, Marais and République. Métro lines 3,9 & 5 are located less than 5 mins away. In addition to your room, you will enjoy access to the kitchen, a large living room with Wifi, Tv and audio system, bathroom and toilets. All the three of us (1 guy & 2 girls) h
26757	Located on the 5th floor (no elevator), the apartment is a one bedroom flat with a BALCONY that gets really sunny in the afternoon. Kitchen is equipped. Toilet separate. The shower is in the bedroom for panoramic view :)	"Located in the heart of the 11th ""hipster"" district the apartment is a modern, calm & comfy place to stay ! On sunny days, you can relax on the sunny balcony. Very close to the metro : 4-5 min walk to the nearest stations. Enjoy the parisian life ! Located on the 5th floor (no elevator), the apartment is a one bedroom flat with a BALCONY that gets really sunny in the afternoon. Kitchen is equipped. Toilet separate. The shower is in the bedroom for panoramic view :) Wifi TV  Sound speakers Washing machine Kitchen  Oven Fridge Radiators I am now working in London but I am often in Paris. If I'm not, my staff will handle the check in and check out. Incredible spot in the 11th famous district, where hispsters, artists & young workers live.  5 minutes walk to the famous Père Lachaise cemetery (for a free relaxing visit) 10 minutes walk to Parmentier & Oberkampf (nightlife and bars) 15 minutes walk to République (nice public place, transportation hub) The ""haut Marais"" (perfect cafés and bru"
26758	Wonderful 30m2 functional apartment entirely equipped to deal like as home :). Charming renovated two room flat with one bedroom with a double bed super comfurtable thanks to it's Tempur mattress. The second room is a lounge kitchen equipped with a comfortable convertible coach that can accommodate two children or one adult. If it is desired you can also sleep by two adults in the coach.  The kitchen has been recently renovated and is equipped with a Nespresso coffee machine, a functional and rapid induction hob, a toaster, a kettle, a little oven, a mixer, fridge and a sink. The living room includes a screen TV with numerous TV channels and a little fireplace that gives all the charm to the apartment. You also have a wireless internet fiber connexion (the most rapid connexion as possible nowadays).  The living room and bed room are accessible from the balcony, where a little table is installed for eating or smoking for smokers.  The apartment is south exposed so the sun always enlight	Charming 30 m2 apartment ideal for lovers wishing for a romantic stay in Paris. Situated in the heart of the 11th trendy district, near Bastille, Republic (10min walk) and the Marais, it's also close to all the monuments you could wish to visit. Wonderful 30m2 functional apartment entirely equipped to deal like as home :). Charming renovated two room flat with one bedroom with a double bed super comfurtable thanks to it's Tempur mattress. The second room is a lounge kitchen equipped with a comfortable convertible coach that can accommodate two children or one adult. If it is desired you can also sleep by two adults in the coach.  The kitchen has been recently renovated and is equipped with a Nespresso coffee machine, a functional and rapid induction hob, a toaster, a kettle, a little oven, a mixer, fridge and a sink. The living room includes a screen TV with numerous TV channels and a little fireplace that gives all the charm to the apartment. You also have a wireless internet fiber co
26759		Maison de ville moderne dans un quartier très agréable de Paris. A 3 min de Bastille. Proche de toutes commodités et transports divers (plusieurs lignes de métro, RER, bus...) Grand triplex sur 2 étages avec 3 chambres, grand salon, 2 salle bains 
26760	L'appartement fait 53m2. Il se situe au 3e étage sans ascenseur. Il est traversant: le salon lumineux avec 4 grandes fenêtres qui donnent sur la rue du Faubourg du Temple, et la chambre à coucher qui donne sur une cour intérieure calme, verte, avec vue dégagée et soleil. Le logement est composé : d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine ouverte sur le salon, d'une chambre, d'un bureau, d'une salle de bain avec toilettes. Charme: parquet au sol dans le salon et le bureau, béton ciré pour la cuisine, la salle de bain et la chambre, poutre en bois apparente. Dans la chambre: un lit double + une grande armoire pour vos vêtements et affaires. Dans le bureau: il est possible d'installer un matelas pour 2 personnes supplémentaires. L'appartement est extrêmement bien situé, dans un quartier très animé. 	Bel appartement 3 pièces de charme, 56m2, chambre avec lit double qui donne sur cour lumineuse & calme, salon avec 4 grandes fenêtres, cuisine ouverte, sol parquet & béton ciré, poutre apparente, wifi, machine à laver. Quartier très animé. L'appartement fait 53m2. Il se situe au 3e étage sans ascenseur. Il est traversant: le salon lumineux avec 4 grandes fenêtres qui donnent sur la rue du Faubourg du Temple, et la chambre à coucher qui donne sur une cour intérieure calme, verte, avec vue dégagée et soleil. Le logement est composé : d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine ouverte sur le salon, d'une chambre, d'un bureau, d'une salle de bain avec toilettes. Charme: parquet au sol dans le salon et le bureau, béton ciré pour la cuisine, la salle de bain et la chambre, poutre en bois apparente. Dans la chambre: un lit double + une grande armoire pour vos vêtements et affaires. Dans le bureau: il est possible d'installer un matelas pour 2 personnes supplémentaires. L'appartement est extrêmement bien
26761	We have a big kitchen so you may have friends around until midnight (just let my roomates know and see if that's ok).  You may meet my lovely roomates, don't hesitate to ask them if you have any kind of problem, question...	We have a big kitchen so you may have friends around until midnight (just let my roomates know and see if that's ok).  You may meet my lovely roomates, don't hesitate to ask them if you have any kind of problem, question... Kitchen ( your own shelf in the fridge, kettle, blender, toaster etc.); bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, flat iron; wifi. We have a list of restaurants, cafés and bars we recommand. Also we'lle be available for any guidance or advises. Tobacconist open 20/24, tons of restaurants, bars and clubs around. Farmer's market everyday at Marché d'Aligre (15 min walk), Marché Richard Lenoir (1 min walk) every thursday and sunday. Metro lines 1, 5, 8, 2 minutes away from the flat. Sheets, towels, shampoo and soap are included so you can pack light.
26762	This nicely designed and chic private apartment is perfectly located in a nice street also very quiet , in the Bastille neighborhood of Paris 11nd arrondissement :  - 3 min walk from two metro stations ( bastille or voltaire),  there are line 8, line 9 line 1, line 5  - 3 mins walk from the bastille,  - 10 mins walk to place republic. This recently renovated studio has :  - a big bed sleeping two people, with designer linen,  - a designer sofa  - a functional kitchen with a fridge, stoves and a microwave,  - a very pleasant bathroom with a comfy bathtub and supplied towels.  - high speed internet , wifi  - towel, hair dryer offering  - taxi calling  - there are many many good bars restaurants around my flat you can get infos at my flat. I enjoy living here, so I hope you'll enjoy staying in my place !	This nicely designed and chic private apartment is perfectly located in a nice street (Rue keller) also very quiet , in the Bastille neighborhood ,with lots of nice bar and restaurant. near the model opera. This nicely designed and chic private apartment is perfectly located in a nice street also very quiet , in the Bastille neighborhood of Paris 11nd arrondissement :  - 3 min walk from two metro stations ( bastille or voltaire),  there are line 8, line 9 line 1, line 5  - 3 mins walk from the bastille,  - 10 mins walk to place republic. This recently renovated studio has :  - a big bed sleeping two people, with designer linen,  - a designer sofa  - a functional kitchen with a fridge, stoves and a microwave,  - a very pleasant bathroom with a comfy bathtub and supplied towels.  - high speed internet , wifi  - towel, hair dryer offering  - taxi calling  - there are many many good bars restaurants around my flat you can get infos at my flat. I enjoy living here, so I hope you'll enjoy st
26763	Located near the trendy OBERKAMPF street with its numerous bars and small restaurants. Breakfast is included for stays between 3 and 7 nights.  The flat is very quiet (the room overlook the courtyard. So quiet you would not believe you’re in Paris !). Thanks to the metro and bus lines that surround the flat, interesting places to visit are easy to reach. The historical area of le Marais, Picasso Museum, the Centre Pompidou are at 15 min walking distance. The Louvre museum, the Latin quarter, Notre Dame church, the Opera, la Villette Parc, Montmartre and its Sacré Cœur, the Moulin Rouge are at 15-20 min by bus or metro. Bakeries, supermarkets, all kind of facilities surround the flat.  The flat is on the 2d floor, with lift. Good quality mattresses. Bathroom shared with me (I adjust discreetly to your time). Linen provided, hairdryer etc.  Arrival from CDG airport is very convenient (RER then a direct bus). You will have a set of keys. Fluent English spoken.	Room in a very quiet flat, yet surrounded by dozens of small restaurants and bars. And by several metro lines. MOST important : You will feel at home, as all my guests said. Located near the trendy OBERKAMPF street with its numerous bars and small restaurants. Breakfast is included for stays between 3 and 7 nights.  The flat is very quiet (the room overlook the courtyard. So quiet you would not believe you’re in Paris !). Thanks to the metro and bus lines that surround the flat, interesting places to visit are easy to reach. The historical area of le Marais, Picasso Museum, the Centre Pompidou are at 15 min walking distance. The Louvre museum, the Latin quarter, Notre Dame church, the Opera, la Villette Parc, Montmartre and its Sacré Cœur, the Moulin Rouge are at 15-20 min by bus or metro. Bakeries, supermarkets, all kind of facilities surround the flat.  The flat is on the 2d floor, with lift. Good quality mattresses. Bathroom shared with me (I adjust discreetly to your time). Linen p
26764	L'appartement  a été acheté en 2012 et a été intégralement rénové, afin d'en faire un deux pièces de 25m2 fonctionnel et agréable à vivre. Il y a une salle de bain avec douche, une chambre à part entière ainsi qu'un canapé-lit dans le salon où se trouve la cuisine équipée (plaques, four, lave-vaisselle, frigo). Idéal pour un couple ou une famille avec enfants !	Deux pièces de 25m2 fonctionnel et chaleureux, coloré, lumineux et bien placé, idéal pour profiter de Paris ! L'appartement  a été acheté en 2012 et a été intégralement rénové, afin d'en faire un deux pièces de 25m2 fonctionnel et agréable à vivre. Il y a une salle de bain avec douche, une chambre à part entière ainsi qu'un canapé-lit dans le salon où se trouve la cuisine équipée (plaques, four, lave-vaisselle, frigo). Idéal pour un couple ou une famille avec enfants ! Toutes les pièces du logement sont à votre disposition Pendant la période de location, je serais à 15 min en transport de l'appartement, donc s'il y a le moindre souci je serai disponible pour vous aider ! Entre Nation et Bastille, Faidherbe-Chaligny est un quartier vivant, avec de nombreux bars et restaurants à proximité, le marché d'Aligre à quelques pas Métro : la station Faidherbe Chaligny (ligne 8) est juste à la sortie de l'immeuble, et la station Reuilly-Diderot (ligne 1) est à 5 minutes à pied. Bus : Il y a un ar
26765	Wonderful studio apartment. Very quiet and very bright, with a view on a beautiful inner courtyard 2nd floor. No elevator. Bicycle shed. Large living room: - Very comfortable reading corner - Big office Fully equipped kitchen: - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Oven - Induction stove - Large fridge and freezer - Nespresso (coffee and cappuccino machine) - Household robots ... Room cozy and very nice : Double bed. Large storage (website hidden) + DVD player. Bathroom with tub and toilet. Bedding and bath towels Hair dryer.	Studio apartment of 35sqm designed as a loft by French architects. Very quiet and very bright, in one of the nicests areas of Paris. Ideally located : Bastille, République, Père Lachaise, Nation... All shops by within 2 min. walk. Plenty of bars. Wonderful studio apartment. Very quiet and very bright, with a view on a beautiful inner courtyard 2nd floor. No elevator. Bicycle shed. Large living room: - Very comfortable reading corner - Big office Fully equipped kitchen: - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Oven - Induction stove - Large fridge and freezer - Nespresso (coffee and cappuccino machine) - Household robots ... Room cozy and very nice : Double bed. Large storage (website hidden) + DVD player. Bathroom with tub and toilet. Bedding and bath towels Hair dryer. - Computer (iMac) available. - free Wifi. - TV + DVD player. - Large selection of comics, graphic novels, books and DVDs for rainy days and cool evenings. ---------------------------------------- The apartment is located in the
26766	This 90m² apartment is perfectly adapted for 2-4 persons.  Apartment entrance gives on a wooden floored corridor leading to the different rooms.  Front and Right of entrance, one finds a large living room linked to a dining area making. The place is very spacious. Four beautiful full height double windows bath these areas in light and offer a view on the square de la Roquette greeneries on the other side of the street. The floor is made of solid wood.  The living area offers 2 sofas and 2 armchairs by the chimney (chimney not to be used).  Dining area offers a table for 6 and also a piano (no guarantee to be tuned).  The apartment has two nice separate bedrooms. The first bedroom has a comfortable double bed, a very large closet and drawers. The second bedroom also offers a comfortable double bed and has a large wardrobe (part of each closet and wardrobe is private) and an office corner by the window. The apartment has a separate kitchen with is nicely designed and fully equipped (dish	Exquisite and bright apartment close to the square de la Roquette, the beautiful Pere Lachaise graveyard and Bastille trendy district. It is on the 5th floor of a charming traditional French style stone building with an elevator. Quiet and safe area. This 90m² apartment is perfectly adapted for 2-4 persons.  Apartment entrance gives on a wooden floored corridor leading to the different rooms.  Front and Right of entrance, one finds a large living room linked to a dining area making. The place is very spacious. Four beautiful full height double windows bath these areas in light and offer a view on the square de la Roquette greeneries on the other side of the street. The floor is made of solid wood.  The living area offers 2 sofas and 2 armchairs by the chimney (chimney not to be used).  Dining area offers a table for 6 and also a piano (no guarantee to be tuned).  The apartment has two nice separate bedrooms. The first bedroom has a comfortable double bed, a very large closet and drawer
26767	Pour 4 personnes, un appartement agréable et confortable, au rez-de-chaussée d'une petite résidence avec un accès direct à son jardin intérieur. Proche de la place de la République, aux croisements des rues Oberkampf, Jean-Pierre Thimbaud et Saint Maur, ce logement central vous permet de vivre Paris à 360° à pied, en métro ou en bus.  	Pour 4 personnes, un appartement agréable et confortable, au rez-de-chaussée d'une petite résidence avec un accès direct à son jardin intérieur. Proche de la place de la République, aux croisements des rues Oberkampf, Jean-Pierre Thimbaud et Saint Maur, ce logement central vous permet de vivre Paris à 360° à pied, en métro ou en bus.  Parking voiture Garage à vélo Jardin Pour votre confort, je vous héberge dans un décors apaisant et sécurisant pour rendre votre séjour parisien inoubliable. Bienvenue chez moi.  A 150 mètres de votre résidence se trouvent les rues Oberkampf, Jean-Pierre Thimbaud et St Maur, leur ambiance pubs, boutiques et petits restos typiques qui vous proposent la cuisine du monde, dans une ambiance chaleureuse et sympathique. Stations de métro : Ligne 2 - Couronnes  Ligne 3 - Parmentier  Ligne 11 - Belleville ou Goncourt  Stations vélib - autolib Un appartement idéal pour une famille ou deux couples. 
26768	Idéalement situé à Nation, permettant l'accès direct aux beaux quartiers entre 10 à 20 minutes( hôtel de ville-Saint Paul- quartier latin, Bastille, musée du Louvres/ châtelet-champs Elysées...). La Défense( complexe commercial) accessible via le RER A( 5 stations).  Vincennes, son parc, son zoo--> splendide, son lac( possible d'y faire de la barque)  accessible via la ligne 1 en 2 stations ou tramway T3, porte de Vincennes à 7 min à pieds).  Disneyland accessible via le RER A pourra vous ravir pour une journée de distraction!  Tous ces avantages et un logement situé au calme, étant donné la cour privée interne. Digicode remit à votre arrivée.   	Très joli appartement de 40m² refait à neuf en février 2015 dans petite copropriété de charme, verdoyante et très calme avec cour privée sécurisée. Idéalement situé à Nation(Paris 11ème), vous trouverez à 4 min les lignes de métro 1,2,6,9 et RER A. Idéalement situé à Nation, permettant l'accès direct aux beaux quartiers entre 10 à 20 minutes( hôtel de ville-Saint Paul- quartier latin, Bastille, musée du Louvres/ châtelet-champs Elysées...). La Défense( complexe commercial) accessible via le RER A( 5 stations).  Vincennes, son parc, son zoo--> splendide, son lac( possible d'y faire de la barque)  accessible via la ligne 1 en 2 stations ou tramway T3, porte de Vincennes à 7 min à pieds).  Disneyland accessible via le RER A pourra vous ravir pour une journée de distraction!  Tous ces avantages et un logement situé au calme, étant donné la cour privée interne. Digicode remit à votre arrivée. Vous aurez accès à l'appartement entier, comportant 1 chambre avec lit double, 1 salon, 1 cuisine a
26769	Très claire, calme et prope	Très joli studio calme et central a 2 min du métro Goncourt et 7 min à pied de la place de la République. Tout confort: TV et wifi inclus. Cuisine, machine à laver, douche.  Idéal pour un couple. Très claire, calme et prope Metro Goncourt 2 min à pied ligne 11 Metro Belleville 4 min à pied  ligne 2  Metro République 7 min à pied ligne 5/8/9/11 Bus 46/75 Disponible pour toutes informations supplémentaires Quartier vivant avec tout commerces proches Metro Goncourt 2 min à pied ligne 11 Metro Belleville 4 min à pied  ligne 2  Metro République 7 min à pied ligne 5/8/9/11 Bus 46/75
26770	Durant les beaux jours, le soleil illumine le balcon jusqu'à l'heure du déjeuner, parfait pour prendre le petit-déjeuner au soleil bien calé tout en observant Paris s'éveiller.	Chambre privée, très lumineuse, spacieuse et sans vis-à-vis avec balcon dans un appartement typiquement parisien de 70m2 situé au pied du métro Goncourt entre Belleville et République. A moins de 5min du Canal St Martin et de nombreux bars et restos. Durant les beaux jours, le soleil illumine le balcon jusqu'à l'heure du déjeuner, parfait pour prendre le petit-déjeuner au soleil bien calé tout en observant Paris s'éveiller. L'appartement dispose d'un salon dans lequel nous pourrons nous retrouver pour discuter ou boire un petit café. Une table pliante y permet également de manger si vous le souhaitez. Je dois avoir quelques plans de Paris, de métro et autres petites infos utiles si besoin. Je connais également plutôt bien la ville et me ferai un plaisir de partager mes connaissances et bons plans avec vous ! Je suis barmaid dans un quartier très animé et proche de l'appartement et pourrais donc aussi vous rencarder sur quelques restos ou bars du coin ! Assez central, il est possible de
26771	"Appartement atypique dans le 11e arrondissement. Très bien situé, cet appartement se situe à proximité de la place de la République, de Bastille, de parcs, du cimetière du Père Lachaise et du quartier animé d'Oberkampf pour boire des bières...  Appartement atypique et bien pensé ! La chambre est séparée par une cloison avec le haut en plexi pour laisser passer la lumière du salon  - séparation avec rideau et non une porte. Le lit est en hauteur (au dessus de dressing).. On y accède par des petites marches qui ne sont pas fixées au sol - Attention, accrochez vous bien au lit ! Le bar peut-être ""poussé"" pour en faire une table pour 6 personnes. Enfin, le canapé du salon caché un lit plutôt confortable si vous souhaitez loger dans cet appartement à (website hidden) : en revanche, le verrou des WC est sensible. Je vous conseille d'éviter d'essayer de le fermer.. Appartement Mails, téléphone (appel, sms) Le calme qui y règne et le feu à 5min à pied pour sortir le soir et les weekends ;-) Qu"	"Cocon et havre de paix à 2 pas des quartiers animés parisiens... Appartement atypique dans le 11e arrondissement. Très bien situé, cet appartement se situe à proximité de la place de la République, de Bastille, de parcs, du cimetière du Père Lachaise et du quartier animé d'Oberkampf pour boire des bières...  Appartement atypique et bien pensé ! La chambre est séparée par une cloison avec le haut en plexi pour laisser passer la lumière du salon  - séparation avec rideau et non une porte. Le lit est en hauteur (au dessus de dressing).. On y accède par des petites marches qui ne sont pas fixées au sol - Attention, accrochez vous bien au lit ! Le bar peut-être ""poussé"" pour en faire une table pour 6 personnes. Enfin, le canapé du salon caché un lit plutôt confortable si vous souhaitez loger dans cet appartement à (website hidden) : en revanche, le verrou des WC est sensible. Je vous conseille d'éviter d'essayer de le fermer.. Appartement Mails, téléphone (appel, sms) Le calme qui y règne e"
26772	vue panoramique sur les monuments de PARIS	Chambre avec une vue panoramique sur les plus beaux monuments de PARIS dans appartement quartier de la BASTILLE . Metro ligne 8 et 9 .  vue panoramique sur les monuments de PARIS chambre uniquement , salle de bain et wc en commun .   métro ligne 8 et 9 direct pour visiter tous les monuments et musées  service des serviettes de toilette inclus
26773	Double-living avec balcon. Chambre double sur cours. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Cuisine équipée. 	Bel appartement calme et très lumineux, entièrement équipé, à 2 pas de la Place des Vosges et du Marais. Double-living avec balcon. Chambre double sur cours. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Cuisine équipée. Echange par mail ou téléphone Appartement situé à 2 pas de la Place des Vosges et du Marais, quartier historique. Proche tout transport métro ligne 5-8-1 bus ligne 20-65-29
26774	Accommodation does up like new and well maintained, building secured with 2 doors with digital code and vigik. bathroom and toilets inside the appartment. Haussmann building.	Welcome in my comfortable, bright, quiet studio (on court) ideally situated (RER A, Subway 1-2-6-9, bus, taxi, Vélib). 1 main room, fully-equipped kitchen, shower-rooms, TOILETS separated, sheets and towels supplied. On the 5th floor with elevator. Accommodation does up like new and well maintained, building secured with 2 doors with digital code and vigik. bathroom and toilets inside the appartment. Haussmann building. Whole accommodation I am at your disposal to help you during your stay Any conveniences nearby : bakery, minimarket, butcher's shop, pharmacy, bars, restaurants, laundry, etc. Nation square in two minutes: RER A (REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) line crossing of Paris, Subway line 1 which serves all the tourist points of Paris, Subway lines 2, 6 and 9, numerous Buses, taxis, velib Bus 351 express airport Roissy Charles de Gaulle - Nation
26775	"Vous vivrez comme un vrai parisien ""bobo"" !! Vous aurez  accès à tout l'appartement : vivre comme un parisien !! Vous serez comme chez vous : un environnement cosy et chaleureux !! Au cœur du 11ème : quartier bobo par excellence et au cœur de tout ... Au calme la nuit et à 2 rues pour manger et se divertir ... Un Paris authentique ...  Metro ligne 9 / ligne 1 / ligne 5"	"Charmant grand studio de 35 m² dans le 11ème. Au calme.  Possibilité de 4 couchages. Cuisine et SDB équipés. Idéalement bien situé et desservi pour découvrir Paris. A 10min a pied du marais et de la place Bastille et de République . Enjoy ! Vous vivrez comme un vrai parisien ""bobo"" !! Vous aurez  accès à tout l'appartement : vivre comme un parisien !! Vous serez comme chez vous : un environnement cosy et chaleureux !! Au cœur du 11ème : quartier bobo par excellence et au cœur de tout ... Au calme la nuit et à 2 rues pour manger et se divertir ... Un Paris authentique ...  Metro ligne 9 / ligne 1 / ligne 5 Vous aurez  accès à tout l'appartement : vivre comme un parisien !! Vous serez comme chez vous : un environnement cosy et chaleureux !! Je suis présent pour votre arrivée afin de  faire visiter mon lieu de vie et répondre à toute question pour que vous vous sentiez comme ""a la maison"" et j'essaie au Maximum d'être présent pour votre départ. Au cœur du 11ème : quartier bobo par excelle"
26776		38 mètres carrés cet appartement peut accueillir deux personnes, cuisine équipée, sauf machine à laver, salle de Bains, WC indépendant , accès internet Wifi, télévision, situé à côté du square Maurice-Gardette, desservi par les lignes de métro Saint-Ambroise, Saint-Maur, Richard-Lenoir
26777	Located 5 minutes walk from Place de la République, this flat is ideal to start a tour of Paris thanks to the public transports. The flat is 20 square meters, it is on the 5th floor with a lift and it is very quiet. It is composed of a main room, a separate kitchen with the necessary equipment and a bathroom. The main room is equiped with a TV with 150 channels, a DVD player, a sofa bed, a small table and a bigger table. There are shelves and a chest of drawers to help you tidy your clothes. There is (email hidden) internet connection to keep in touch. In the bathroom, there is a shower, a shelf and a wardrobe with clean towels. There is a big mirror above the sink. The blankets and sheets are at your disposal as well as an iron and iron board. In the kitchen, there is all you need to prepare a meal. There is a cook with 4 fires, a hoven, a microwave, a fridge and a washing machine. For breakfast, you will need a coffee machine, a toaster and a boiler. The flat is located at about an h	Located 5 minutes walk from Place de la République, this flat is ideal to start a tour of Paris thanks to the public transports. The flat is 20 square meters, it is on the 5th floor with a lift and it is very quiet. It is composed of a main room, a separate kitchen with the necessary equipment and a bathroom. The main room is equiped with a TV with 150 channels, a DVD player, a sofa bed, a small table and a bigger table. There are shelves and a chest of drawers to help you tidy your clothes. There is (email hidden) internet connection to keep in touch. In the bathroom, there is a shower, a shelf and a wardrobe with clean towels. There is a big mirror above the sink. The blankets and sheets are at your disposal as well as an iron and iron board. In the kitchen, there is all you need to prepare a meal. There is a cook with 4 fires, a hoven, a microwave, a fridge and a washing machine. For breakfast, you will need a coffee machine, a toaster and a boiler. The flat is located at about an h
26778	52 square meter (560 sq. feet) apartment in the 11e arrondissement, a close walk to both Bastille and Père Lachaise.  Particularly sunny, with south-facing balcony and no vis-à-vis from neighbours.  Very spacious appartment Double livingroom (with large, comfy couch) gives onto the leafy boulevard, room (queen-sized bed) is quiet and gives onto the interior courtyard.  Fully-equipped kitchen, cable TV, flat screen, internet/wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, expresso machine and piano/guitars.  Only real downside is that the apartment is on the 5th floor without a lift, which may not suit some people. Shopping and groceries: Plenty of shops and groceries store around the Place Léon Blum, right next to the apartment (bakeries, supermarkets, florists, butchers, cheese shops, post office, banks, tabac/tobacconists, pharmacies, even a McDonald's) Close to the lively areas of Bastille/rue de la Roquette (less than 5-minute walk, just below Léon Blum) and Oberkampf (10-15 minute walk), both 	52 square meter (560 sq. feet) apartment in the 11e arrondissement, a close walk to both Bastille and Père Lachaise.  Particularly sunny, with south-facing balcony and no vis-à-vis from neighbours.  Very spacious appartment 52 square meter (560 sq. feet) apartment in the 11e arrondissement, a close walk to both Bastille and Père Lachaise.  Particularly sunny, with south-facing balcony and no vis-à-vis from neighbours.  Very spacious appartment Double livingroom (with large, comfy couch) gives onto the leafy boulevard, room (queen-sized bed) is quiet and gives onto the interior courtyard.  Fully-equipped kitchen, cable TV, flat screen, internet/wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, expresso machine and piano/guitars.  Only real downside is that the apartment is on the 5th floor without a lift, which may not suit some people. Shopping and groceries: Plenty of shops and groceries store around the Place Léon Blum, right next to the apartment (bakeries, supermarkets, florists, butchers, cheese
26779	"Standing: Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. Layout: Large one bedroom apartment of 56 sqm located in a very nice 19th century building. The bedroom gets a large king size bed with its private bathroom with an individual shower ""à l'italienne"". The kitchen is fully equipped, modern and spacious.    "	"Newly renovated 56 sqm apartment next the very trendy bohemian chic ""Rue de Bretagne"".  fulfilled with neighbors shops such as boulangerie, café, boucher, art galery, clothe shop... Standing: Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. Layout: Large one bedroom apartment of 56 sqm located in a very nice 19th century building. The bedroom gets a large king size bed with its private bathroom with an individual shower ""à l'italienne"". The kitchen is fully equipped, modern and spacious.     Location Located  on the border of the Marais, 10min from Place de Vosges. The Rue Amelot, just behind the Boulevard du Temple, will give you a taste of all the restaurants and bars that Paris can offer you. The area is safe, pleasant and many unforgettable strolls are just waiting for you. Walk straight up Bd du Temple in 15mins to get to Bastille.The closest subway stop to the Paris rental flat are République, Filles d"
26780	kitchen with dishwasher, fridge, oven, microwave, toaster, ... living room with sofa, TV suite king size bed children's room bedroom with double bed bathroom with bath and shower Office space wifi washing machine and dryer	loft of 120 m2, 3 bedrooms, WIFI, elevator Quiet street in a trendy neighborhood, close republic, Oberkampf, cemetery of Père La Lachaise ... 20 minutes on foot, 10-minute direct underground Châtelet  25 minutes by metro from the Champs Elysées kitchen with dishwasher, fridge, oven, microwave, toaster, ... living room with sofa, TV suite king size bed children's room bedroom with double bed bathroom with bath and shower Office space wifi washing machine and dryer 7-8 minutes walk from the Republic Square and the trendy of oberkampf. Live Chatelet metro (10 minutes) and direct by metro to Elysium Fields (25 minutes) very quiet street in a cosmopolitan area Many restaurants (Chinese, French, traditionnal ...) trendy bars, artist workshops ... boutiques  Belleville Park, which offers stunning views of Paris Lign 2 and lign 11 bus also
26781	Au sein d'une déco à la fois exotique et moderne, nous espérons que vous vous sentirez chez nous comme chez vous dans ce deux pièces de 25 m² aux couleurs chaleureuses .	Charmant deux pièces confortable, tout équipé et très lumineux. Idéal pour un séjour en amoureux, l’appartement est situé dans une rue calme, au sein d'un quartier dynamique et bohème.  Chambre à coucher avec lit double+ canapé convertible au salon Au sein d'une déco à la fois exotique et moderne, nous espérons que vous vous sentirez chez nous comme chez vous dans ce deux pièces de 25 m² aux couleurs chaleureuses . L'appartement en entier est à votre disposition: kitchenette, salle de bain, pièce à vivre et chambre à coucher , frigo, micro ondes, télévision à écran plat, lecteur dvd,  aspirateur, fer à repasser, machine à laver, vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine  etc. Nous fournissons les draps et les serviettes. Accès au wifi. De très nombreux commerces au pied de l'immeuble: supermarchés, primeurs, boulangeries, caves à vin, bouchers, fromagers, traiteurs etc. Nous avons de supers conseils à vous donner à votre arrivée sur les restaurants, les musées, les théâtres etc. que nous préfér
26782	one room flat available close to Bastille/ Oberkampf/ Marais. Come and stay in our beautifully place, in a vibrant neighborhood in Paris. Enjoy our useful kitchen, bathroom with bath, towel and hairdryer, a cute balcony, and more, and enjoy the atmosphere of a Bourgeois Boheme in the capital of France. Unique and awesome place from which to experience French lifestyle. Idéalement situé, il est proche de l'Opéra Bastille et du quartier pittoresque du Marais. Ce studio est idéal pour découvrir un Paname préservé et de hauts lieux de la scène française (Bataclan, Théâtre de la Bastille) et de nombreux restaurants et cafés branchés. Il est équipé d'un vrai lit 2 places et d'un matelas supplémentaire pour accueillir une personne supplémentaire.  Un deuxième studio situé à 200 mètres peut accueillir deux personnes supplémentaires. Serviettes fournies Nombreux rangements  Ideal for a romantic week-end in Paris 	Studio moderne très lumineux, proche de Bastille. Situé au centre de Paris, il est pratique, entouré de supermarchés et agréable, grâce aux caves à vins qui ne sont jamais très loin. Il profite d'un balcon. Idéal pour week-end romantique. one room flat available close to Bastille/ Oberkampf/ Marais. Come and stay in our beautifully place, in a vibrant neighborhood in Paris. Enjoy our useful kitchen, bathroom with bath, towel and hairdryer, a cute balcony, and more, and enjoy the atmosphere of a Bourgeois Boheme in the capital of France. Unique and awesome place from which to experience French lifestyle. Idéalement situé, il est proche de l'Opéra Bastille et du quartier pittoresque du Marais. Ce studio est idéal pour découvrir un Paname préservé et de hauts lieux de la scène française (Bataclan, Théâtre de la Bastille) et de nombreux restaurants et cafés branchés. Il est équipé d'un vrai lit 2 places et d'un matelas supplémentaire pour accueillir une personne supplémentaire.  Un deuxièm
26783	Logement très calme et sans vis à vis 	Joli studio de 15 m2 au 4ème et dernier étage.  Lumineux et très calme avec vue dégagée et sans vis à vis direct. Transports à proximité : Nation, Alexandre Dumas. Tout proche de la rue de Charonne et du quartier vivant de la Bastille. Logement très calme et sans vis à vis Métro : nation ou Alexandre Dumas. Bus : 76
26784	Appartement de charme avec parquet ancien, cheminées, moulures, et 2 balcons au 5° étage. Entièrement refait à neuf récemment, il dispose de tout le confort moderne (cuisine équipée, électroménager neuf...). Composé d'une grande chambre double, une chambre d'enfant (lit enfant et lit parapluie), un grand séjour - salle à manger, une salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparées. 	Appart familial typiquement parisien 55m2, entièrement refait à neuf, cosy et tout confort, à 5 minutes de Bastille. Quartier vivant très agréable avec toutes les commodités : restos, cafés, commerces et boutiques, à la fois populaire et tendance Appartement de charme avec parquet ancien, cheminées, moulures, et 2 balcons au 5° étage. Entièrement refait à neuf récemment, il dispose de tout le confort moderne (cuisine équipée, électroménager neuf...). Composé d'une grande chambre double, une chambre d'enfant, un grand séjour - salle à manger, une salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparées.  Le logement entier est mis à disposition. Possibilité 2 adultes et 1 enfant. Si 2° enfant, possibilité de gonfler un matelas gonflable dans la chambre d'enfants, ou un lit parapluie pour un bébé. Quartier très vivant idéal pour découvrir Paris et s'imprégner de son ambiance, à la fois trendy,  éclectique et simple. L'ambiance y est bon enfant et décontractée. L'appartement se trouve dans une ru
26785	Apartment is on the 7th floor with lift, with south exposure. It is the perfect place to rest cosily after your Paris day , or have a coffee in the sun on the balcony and watch Paris life. 	"Gorgeous, sunny and spacious recently renovated in decembre 2013 one bedroom in the 11th district of Bastille.    Apartment is on the 7th floor with lift, with south exposure. It is the perfect place to rest cosily after your Paris day , or have a coffee in the sun on the balcony and watch Paris life.   Flat is located on the 7th and last floor, there is a small lift. Guests can contact me anytime if they need anything, i live 5 mns away from the flat.  You ll find everything you need around the apartment: supermarket, bakery , bank. 5mns by walk is shopping paradise at rue de Charonne -Isabel Marant,  Repetto, frenchtrotters, boutiques de créateurs... -and   rue du faubourg St Antoine -Gap, Petit Bateau, Caravane -  Just next you ll find the famous bar/restaurant ""le  Pause Café"" where you can have a coffee, lunch or dinner and feel like a Parisian. I would dvise too ""La fée verte"" at 1 ns from the falt, corner rue de la Roquette, rue Basfroi.  The apartment is 10 mns by foot from Bas"
26786	Bel appartement au charme parisien au 1er étage d'un immeuble sécurisé. Très bien situé dans une rue calme charnière entre Bastille et Oberkampf vous pourrez visiter plusieurs quartiers dans les alentours en vous baladant à pied (à 15min du marais). Toutes les commodités sont disponibles à pied à moins de 5min de marche (supermarché, boulangerie, tabac, buralistes, pharmacies, épiceries, boucherie, marché...). Cuisine indépendante et fonctionnelle, salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes séparées. Internet haut débit.	Bel appartement au charme parisien au 1er étage d'un immeuble sécurisé. Très bien situé dans une rue calme charnière entre Bastille et Oberkampf vous pourrez visiter plusieurs quartiers dans les alentours en vous baladant à pied (à 15min du marais). Toutes les commodités sont disponibles à pied à moins de 5min de marche (supermarché, boulangerie, tabac, buralistes, pharmacies, épiceries, boucherie, marché...). Cuisine indépendante et fonctionnelle, salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes séparées. Internet haut débit. Sont à leur disposition :  - Linge de lit et de bain fournit + produits de bain (gel douche, shampoing, dentifrice etc...)  - Produits culinaires de base fournis (épices, huile, sucre etc)  - Internet haut débit + Wifi + imprimante/scanner/photocopie. - Réfrigérateur/Congélateur - Micro-ondes - Four - Machine à laver A pied vous serez à quelques minutes du Père Lachaise, de la Place Voltaire (Léon Blum) et de la rue Oberkampf. Vous serez à 10 min de la place de la Basti
26787	This flat is a must. On the 10th floor of a modern building the flat itself is 60m2 and is as a 50sqm south headed terrace with a wide view on the city. It has all you need to spend a very nice stay.A  Full equipped kitchen. A Cinema projector. And a full bathroom with hot tub. It can sleep 4 people. it has got one bedroom with no doors and a comfortable sofa bed in the living room. It would be perfect for a family. Located on the famous place de la Nation it is very convenient for transportation: metro lines 1-2 and 6, suburban A train and a lot of buses are passing by the place. from there you can go anywhere in the city from north to south and east to west. There is also Velib and Autolib stations (city service for renting bikes and electric cars) Linen and towels are provided.  Fell free to ask any questions	This flat is a must. On the 10th floor of a modern building the flat itself is 60m2 and is as a 50sqm south headed terrace with a wide view on the city. It has all you need to spend a very nice stay.A  Full equipped kitchen. A Cinema projector. And a full bathroom with hot tub. It can sleep 4 people. it has got one bedroom with no doors and a comfortable sofa bed in the living room. It would be perfect for a family. Located on the famous place de la Nation it is very convenient for transportation: metro lines 1-2 and 6, suburban A train and a lot of buses are passing by the place. from there you can go anywhere in the city from north to south and east to west. There is also Velib and Autolib stations (city service for renting bikes and electric cars) Linen and towels are provided.  Fell free to ask any questions
26788	Charmant appt 2 Pièces de 33m2 au 1er étage d'un immeuble situé autour d'une mignonne petite cour où y règne une ambiance conviviale.  Cet appt comprend: -ma chambre  -un grand lit canapé d'angle pour vous dans le salon avec TV, wifi -Cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon  -Salle de bain/wc.  Appt bien rangé, propre et non fumeur.  Pepsou le chat est là pour vous accueillir à moins que vous n'y soyez allergique auquel cas il peut s'absenter.	Situé rue de Lappe à Bastille la plus conviviale de ce charmant quartier. A moins de 5min du métro et des bus.  Espace à partager dans charmant 2 pièces, cuisine équipée, canapé lit d'angle pour vous, la chambre pour moi, salle de bain/wc, TV, Wifi.  Non fumeur Charmant appt 2 Pièces de 33m2 au 1er étage d'un immeuble situé autour d'une mignonne petite cour où y règne une ambiance conviviale.  Cet appt comprend: -ma chambre  -un grand lit canapé d'angle pour vous dans le salon avec TV, wifi -Cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon  -Salle de bain/wc.  Appt bien rangé, propre et non fumeur.  Pepsou le chat est là pour vous accueillir à moins que vous n'y soyez allergique auquel cas il peut s'absenter. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'équipement de l'appartement (lave linge sur demande) en revanche je tiens à ce que l'appartement reste propre et rangé. Habitant ce quartier depuis plus de 20ans j'ai de bonnes adresses à recommander pour sortir et se restaurer. Quartier animé 7j/7!  Nombreux 
26789	"charming one bedroom apartment, very shiny. perfect location , 5 min walking from metro ""republique"" on line 9,8,3 and 11. you can cook easily. internet wifi and cable tv. the area is full of charming parisian restaurant, fashion boutique and art gallery. it s the perfect place to discover magic Paris.."	"charming one bedroom apartment, very shiny. perfect location , 5 min walking from metro ""republique"" on line 9,8,3 and 11. you can cook easily. internet wifi and cable tv. the area is full of charming parisian restaurant, fashion boutique and art gallery. it s the perfect place to discover magic Paris.. I'm never in Paris when guest are coming but I can be reach anytime by phone or mail or messenger, I'm always happy to help my guest on what to do in Paris, book a reservation in restaurant or taxi. Le Marais is a fantastic area full of charming restaurant, trendy very parisian boutique and art gallery, also very convenient for supermarket, winery etc ..  the closest metro is ""republique"" it's one of the biggest station in town on line 3,8,9 and 11. "
26790	Here you will find a true home from home so that the Parisian lifestyle will feel part of yours.The apartment is situated on the second floor (without a lift) of this three floored building. The low rise nature of the building gives it a human dimension much appreciated and rare in the heart of the Capital. The apartment has a kitchen/diner, a living room with a double sofa bed, a bedroom with 2 single beds (which can be put together to make a double bed), and a bathroom. The apartment has been entirely renovated and has been redecorated by ourselves in a ‘seventies style…..We’ve put a lot of enthusiasm into it and we hope you’ll love it. The building, built in the eighteenth century, was not originally residential but built to house metal-working facilities in a working class neighbourhood of the Capital. This activity has given the name to the “Passage de Fonderie (Foundry Passage)” that leads to the building. This preserved passageway has kept all of it’s charm with it’s cobbles, th	Here you will find a true home from home in Paris so that the Parisian lifestyle will feel part of yours. We will welcome you for a short or medium stay for Bed & Breakfast with the never ending pleasure of sharing Paris with you. Close to metro. Here you will find a true home from home so that the Parisian lifestyle will feel part of yours.The apartment is situated on the second floor (without a lift) of this three floored building. The low rise nature of the building gives it a human dimension much appreciated and rare in the heart of the Capital. The apartment has a kitchen/diner, a living room with a double sofa bed, a bedroom with 2 single beds (which can be put together to make a double bed), and a bathroom. The apartment has been entirely renovated and has been redecorated by ourselves in a ‘seventies style…..We’ve put a lot of enthusiasm into it and we hope you’ll love it. The building, built in the eighteenth century, was not originally residential but built to house metal-wor
26791	My home is very cute, 	Bonjour, Vous serrez sous la garde de mon chat et de mon vieux vélo. La cuisine vous surprendra car toute équipée et très bien agencée ;). Un petit compagnon sera toujours là, MAX matou, très gentil. Petit défaut quoi que, lit mezzanine. My english is medium .. I have an cat ;-) My home is very cute, The subway is on 5 minutes when u walk.
26792	A charming apartment of 280 sqft ideally located for a stay in the heart of the capital. Tucked away on the fourth floor of an historic building (without a lift), dating from 1780. For this old building, a witness to it’s times, there is no luxury, just authentic charm as seen in the timbers and tiles over two centuries in age. You will find the comfort when you enter into the apartment, cosily furnished and equipped to welcome up to three people. The studied décor in the warm tones of the East brings out all the warmth of such a snug place. We think a traveller will love to put down his bags in a welcoming place that feels like home ... but in Paris. A smart and economical way to taste the delights of Paris in a cosy, warm & delightful place in the heart of the capital. Kitchen - lounge : On one side you have a kitchen equipped with everything you need to prepare your meals when you’ve been to too many of the local restaurants... You will find the crockery, knives & forks etc, the kit	Ideal for a stay in central Paris with total freedom whilst enjoying the kind of welcome you would expect from a Bed & Breakfast in someones home... A smart and economical way to taste the delights of Paris in a cosy, warm & delightful place. A charming apartment of 280 sqft ideally located for a stay in the heart of the capital. Tucked away on the fourth floor of an historic building (without a lift), dating from 1780. For this old building, a witness to it’s times, there is no luxury, just authentic charm as seen in the timbers and tiles over two centuries in age. You will find the comfort when you enter into the apartment, cosily furnished and equipped to welcome up to three people. The studied décor in the warm tones of the East brings out all the warmth of such a snug place. We think a traveller will love to put down his bags in a welcoming place that feels like home ... but in Paris. A smart and economical way to taste the delights of Paris in a cosy, warm & delightful place in t
26793	"You will enjoy your stay in the amazing city of Paris in my typical Parisian flat of 28 square metres located on the 1st floor of a small building. The subway station ""Rue Saint Maur"" (line 3) and a ""velib"" station (bikes) are at the foot of the flat, in a trendy district near from Bastille and Republique places, very demanded by Parisians themselves because of its gentle pleasures of life. From the flat, you will reach: - in 5 minutes, walking: Saint-Ambroise church, Pere Lachaise graveyard, rue Oberkampf known for its large number of restaurants and bars - in 15 minutes, by subway: Opera and the famous malls ""Galerie Lafayette"" and ""Printemps"" and the modern art museum Georges Pompidou - in 15 minutes, walking: Bastille and Republique places - in 20 minutes, by subway: Le Sacré Coeur, Notre Dame church - in 30 minutes, by subway: the Eiffel tower, the Champs Elysees, Saint-Germain des Près At home, you will find: - Living-room with sofa bed for 2 persons - Equipped kitcheen (fridge, "	"You will enjoy your stay in the amazing city of Paris in my typical Parisian flat of 28 square metres located on the 1st floor of a small building. The subway station ""Rue Saint Maur"" (line 3) and a ""velib"" station (bikes) are at the foot of the flat, in a trendy district near from Bastille and Republique places, very demanded by Parisians themselves because of its gentle pleasures of life. From the flat, you will reach: - in 5 minutes, walking: Saint-Ambroise church, Pere Lachaise graveyard, rue Oberkampf known for its large number of restaurants and bars - in 15 minutes, by subway: Opera and the famous malls ""Galerie Lafayette"" and ""Printemps"" and the modern art museum Georges Pompidou - in 15 minutes, walking: Bastille and Republique places - in 20 minutes, by subway: Le Sacré Coeur, Notre Dame church - in 30 minutes, by subway: the Eiffel tower, the Champs Elysees, Saint-Germain des Près At home, you will find: - Living-room with sofa bed for 2 persons - Equipped kitcheen (fridge, "
26794	Welcome to this lovely apartment located near the centre of Paris, between Nation and Père Lachaise. This is a perfect location to discover the city as it offers easy public transport access to many important tourist sites. The apartment is on the 4rd floor (no lift). It overlooks a quiet square. Guests have the whole apartment to themselves.  The unit can accommodate 2 people. It has 1 bedroom with 1 queen size bed.  	Welcome to this lovely apartment located near the centre of Paris, between Nation and Père Lachaise. This is a perfect location to discover the city as it offers easy public transport access to many important tourist sites. The apartment is on the 4rd floor (no lift). It overlooks a quiet square. Guests have the whole apartment to themselves.  The unit can accommodate 2 people. It has 1 bedroom with 1 queen size bed.  The living room features a TV with cable, as well as a DVD player and Wi-Fi.  Clean bed linen and fresh towels are provided at the start of your stay. The apartment is a few minutes’ walk from Bastille and cimetery Pere Lachaise. The Charonne district is famous for cafés, bars, pubs and great restaurants offering all types of food from typical French fare to world cuisine. The neighbourhood is reasonably priced by Paris standards. There are also delicious bakeries in the neighbourhood where you can find France’s famous baguettes and pastries. Several supermarkets are with
26795	Magnifique appartement, entièrement rénové, très belles lumières, grands espaces, excellente conception. Un lieu rêvé pour séjourner à Paris ! Entre amis ou en famille vous apprécierez forcément cette vaste pièce intelligemment partagée : un espace pour prendre les repas, un salon confortable, un espace bureau et une cuisine ouverte pratique et entièrement équipée. Une première chambre avec un lit double donne sur le couloir d’entrée. Deux autres chambres avec lits doubles sont situées au dessus du grand séjour : elle sont comme deux loggias de part et d’autre d’un escalier central. Chacune de ces chambres a une hauteur sous plafond de norme classique, ce qui fait d’elles des chambres tout à fait agréables et originales par leur situation en surplomb sur la salle commune. Dans une de ces chambres le lit peut être muté en deux lits simples. Une salle de bain très fonctionnelle avec une douche à l’italienne spacieuse. Les aménagements sont de haute qualité, sobres et élégants. La disposi	Le bon équilibre à Paris : vivre une ville superbe et dans un appartement de grand confort. C'est que vous obtiendrez en venant résider dans l'espace, le design et le confort de cet appartement. Magnifique appartement, entièrement rénové, très belles lumières, grands espaces, excellente conception. Un lieu rêvé pour séjourner à Paris ! Entre amis ou en famille vous apprécierez forcément cette vaste pièce intelligemment partagée : un espace pour prendre les repas, un salon confortable, un espace bureau et une cuisine ouverte pratique et entièrement équipée. Une première chambre avec un lit double donne sur le couloir d’entrée. Deux autres chambres avec lits doubles sont situées au dessus du grand séjour : elle sont comme deux loggias de part et d’autre d’un escalier central. Chacune de ces chambres a une hauteur sous plafond de norme classique, ce qui fait d’elles des chambres tout à fait agréables et originales par leur situation en surplomb sur la salle commune. Dans une de ces chambr
26796	Charming 2 rooms apartment located rue de la Roquette in the 11th district. Very well located in Paris, the apartment is close to lots of nice neighborhoods to go out for a drink or diner and hang out in (Bastille, Charonne, Oberkampf, Belleville, Gambetta, Pere Lachaise etc.). The nearest subway station is 5 minutes away (Pere Lachaise: subway 2 and 3 or Philippe Auguste: subway 2) and in 10 minutes, you reach the Voltaire subway station (line 9). The apartment is clean, bright, comfortable and overlooks the street (relatively quiet). Small but charming, it's perfect for a couple or two persons.	Very charming 2 rooms appartment near the famous Pere Lachaise Cemetary and Bastille neighborhood. Metro 2, 3 and 9. Charming 2 rooms apartment located rue de la Roquette in the 11th district. Very well located in Paris, the apartment is close to lots of nice neighborhoods to go out for a drink or diner and hang out in (Bastille, Charonne, Oberkampf, Belleville, Gambetta, Pere Lachaise etc.). The nearest subway station is 5 minutes away (Pere Lachaise: subway 2 and 3 or Philippe Auguste: subway 2) and in 10 minutes, you reach the Voltaire subway station (line 9). The apartment is clean, bright, comfortable and overlooks the street (relatively quiet). Small but charming, it's perfect for a couple or two persons.
26797		Appartement lumineux, spacieux,propre.
26798	"Quiet and well lighted, 4th floor with elevator . Tastefully furnished.     2 double beds (160x200 ) and a sofa bed ( 120x190 ) . Possibility 5-6 people. A bedroom and a double separated by movable partitions living, for 2 or 3 bedrooms.     With RER : Champs Élysées, Châtelet , Opéra , Eurodisney are just a few minutes away .     Near the castle and the ""Bois de Vincennes"" and the Parc Floral (2 subway stations ) - 2 famous jazz concerts in the park park every Saturday and Sunday ( a few euros) during the summer."	"•Well furnished. •Near subways (9, 6, 2, 1) and RER A. •Near street market, restaurants, Vincennes forest. The real Paris ! Quiet and well lighted, 4th floor with elevator . Tastefully furnished.     2 double beds (160x200 ) and a sofa bed ( 120x190 ) . Possibility 5-6 people. A bedroom and a double separated by movable partitions living, for 2 or 3 bedrooms.     With RER : Champs Élysées, Châtelet , Opéra , Eurodisney are just a few minutes away .     Near the castle and the ""Bois de Vincennes"" and the Parc Floral (2 subway stations ) - 2 famous jazz concerts in the park park every Saturday and Sunday ( a few euros) during the summer. Kitchen with oven, gas, dishwasher, washing machine. Internet , WIFI, phone (including abroad ). Two TV (with Wii and PS3 for children) . A true point of view of Paris , with many restaurants, bakeries, street markets. We love it. Near Faidherbe / Aligre neighborhood with many reputed restaurants but also at affordable prices . Near the Père Lachaise Cem"
26799	I'am a Korean living in Paris, I can give you some advises for your travel in Paris, or for any plans of the others cities in Europe. I can speak english, french as well as korean :)	"Welcome to my beautiful cozy apartment in the heart of Le Marais. The guest shares the kitchen and the restroom with me, but has a separated room as you see on the picture. The cozy room is enough for 1 guest, nice view from the window, easy access. I'am a Korean living in Paris, I can give you some advises for your travel in Paris, or for any plans of the others cities in Europe. I can speak english, french as well as korean :) From Airport CDG, take the Roissy-bus, and exchange with metro line8 or bus line 20. Do not hesitate to ask me if you have question! All the famous shops and streets are around 5-10min. of walk, you have also a big supermarket, a beautiful park(place des vosges), Bastilles monument, Canal St-Martin,  which are all in 10min. of walk. If you love Marais district, this is the place you are looking for. Public transports access : Metro line 8 ""Chemin Vert"" - 2min. of walk Metro line 5 ""Breguet-sabin"" - 4min. of walk Metro line 1, 5, 8 ""Bastille"" - 6min. of walk Bus"
26800	La maison de 60m2 est indépendante, en duplex, avec, au rez-de-chaussée, une cuisine/salle à manger avec une table pour 6, et une chambre (lit double) avec sa salle d'eau et WC. A l'étage, une autre chambre avec lit double, 2 lits simples en mezzanine (idéal pour 2 enfants)  et une deuxième salle d'eau et WC. Il n'y a pas de salon, mais la cuisine tout équipée comprend four et lave-vaisselle.	Dans une superbe maison à colombages, ce duplex indépendant sur jardin privé a un charme fou. Situé près du Père Lachaise et de Bastille (quartier vivant et authentique), il se compose de 2 chambres sur jardin, dont l'une avec mezzanine, et d'une cuisine équipée. Un Eden à Paris. La maison de 60m2 est indépendante, en duplex, avec, au rez-de-chaussée, une cuisine/salle à manger avec une table pour 6, et une chambre (lit double) avec sa salle d'eau et WC. A l'étage, une autre chambre avec lit double, 2 lits simples en mezzanine (idéal pour 2 enfants)  et une deuxième salle d'eau et WC. Il n'y a pas de salon, mais la cuisine tout équipée comprend four et lave-vaisselle. Accès internet haut débit et Wifi (website hidden) connectée (Smart TV) dans les deux chambres.. Bastille est un quartier historique très vivant, avec les meilleurs restaurants et boutiques fashion, et le cimetière du Père Lachaise un havre de paix chargé d'histoire : c'est aussi un des lieux les plus visités de Paris. Me
26801		Welcome to my Parisian flat ! Situated on the 11th District (popular district with a lot of bars, restaurants and boutiques), the flat is in a quiet and lovely passage.
26802	Charmant appartement de 2 pièces totalement refait à neuf situé dans le quartier de Bastille. Très bien agencé et fonctionnel, fenêtres donnant sur cour ce qui permet après une journée et une soirée de balades, de pouvoir se détendre et se reposer dans le calme Situé dans un immeuble entièrement rénové récemment. Meublé et équipé ( TV LCD, lecteur DVD, câble, wifi, machine à laver, machine expresso, toaster, bouilloire, vaisselle, plaque vitrocéramique, linge de maison, etc...). Dans la chambre un lit (140 cm) et, dans le salon, un canapé lit, permettent d'accueillir aussi bien deux personnes que quatre (maximum). Vous trouverez à proximité immédiate tous les commerces nécessaires (boulangerie, restaurants, supermarché, pharmacie, boucherie, commissariat de police, etc...). L'appartement se trouve à 10 min à pieds de la place de la Bastille, quartier très animé (cinéma, Opéra, nombreux restaurants et bars, boutiques en tout genre). La station de métro la plus proche est Saint Ambroise 	Charmant 2 pièces de 27 m2 refait à neuf, il est situé dans le 11e arrondissement dans le quartier Bastille. Au 2ème étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle, il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Charmant appartement de 2 pièces totalement refait à neuf situé dans le quartier de Bastille. Très bien agencé et fonctionnel, fenêtres donnant sur cour ce qui permet après une journée et une soirée de balades, de pouvoir se détendre et se reposer dans le calme Situé dans un immeuble entièrement rénové récemment. Meublé et équipé ( TV LCD, lecteur DVD, câble, wifi, machine à laver, machine expresso, toaster, bouilloire, vaisselle, plaque vitrocéramique, linge de maison, etc...). Dans la chambre un lit (140 cm) et, dans le salon, un canapé lit, permettent d'accueillir aussi bien deux personnes que quatre (maximum). Vous trouverez à proximité immédiate tous les commerces nécessaires (boulangerie, restaurants, supermarché, pharmacie, boucherie, commissariat de police, etc...). L'appartement se tro
26803	C'est un petit studio au 1er étage sans ascenseur confortable!Idéal pour découvrir Paris à moindre coût !!! Une seule pièce + salle de douche. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : une hotte, four, plaques électriques, vaisselle complète,lave-linge, frigo avec congélateur)  Table de bar + 3 chaises. Un clic-clac + une chauffeuse. Le studio est situé dans une cour sécurisée et donne sur une courette mignonne faite de pavés. Aucune nuisance sonore. Le petit plus : votre petit-déjeuner sera prévu (jus d'orange, thé, café, brioche, lait, confiture!) 	Studio 20m² idéalement situé à Nation pour découvrir Paris. Métro lignes1/2/6/8/9 + RER A. Accès direct à BERCY(ligne6 -5stations)Clic-Clac, cuisine entièrement équipée, lave-linge, salle de bain,TV. Pharmacie,magasins,restau au pied de l'immeuble.Ultra calme. Poutres apparentes. C'est un petit studio au 1er étage sans ascenseur confortable!Idéal pour découvrir Paris à moindre coût !!! Une seule pièce + salle de douche. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : une hotte, four, plaques électriques, vaisselle complète,lave-linge, frigo avec congélateur)  Table de bar + 3 chaises. Un clic-clac + une chauffeuse. Le studio est situé dans une cour sécurisée et donne sur une courette mignonne faite de pavés. Aucune nuisance sonore. Le petit plus : votre petit-déjeuner sera prévu (jus d'orange, thé, café, brioche, lait, confiture!) Vous aurez accès l'intégralité du studio. Accès rapide en RER A ou Métro Nation / Rue des Boulets / Faidherbe-Chaligny / Reuilly-Diderot Lignes 1,2,6,8,9 + RER A. Bercy
26804	The apartment is situated on one of the lower floors in the interior courtyard of an apartment block comprising three buildings. It has three large windows, one in each room, providing for lots of light for most of the day. It is tastefully decorated with a mixture of modern and mid-Century funiture and ideal for one person or a couple.	Luminous, 1-bedroom apartment in central Paris, located within walking distance from Place de la République and the Canal Saint Martin, close to Goncourt metro station, in a vibrant neighbourhood, replete with shops, bars, restaurants, bars, etc. The apartment is situated on one of the lower floors in the interior courtyard of an apartment block comprising three buildings. It has three large windows, one in each room, providing for lots of light for most of the day. It is tastefully decorated with a mixture of modern and mid-Century funiture and ideal for one person or a couple. Guests will have access to the whole apartment. The host or someone else will be on stand-by in case of any questions. The host speaks French, German, English and Spanish. Assistance is Greek is also available. The apartment is situated in a vibrant ,multi-ethnic, trendy and up and coming neighourhood, just north of Place de la République. There are a plethora of restaurants with cuisines from all around the wo
26805	Il est très bien situé.	Petit Studio cosy et bien équipé. En plein coeur de Bastille il est idéalement situé pour les personnes qui aime les quartiers branchés. Situé proche du métro Bastille ( ligne 1,5 et 8) et de la Gare de Lyon.  A 500m de la place des Vosges , et proche Rivoli et Marais. Il est très bien situé. Internet , wifi Je ne serai pas là juillet-aout c'est donc une amie qui s'occupera de l'entrée et sortie. Vivant et tout à proximité. Metro : Bastille ( ligne 1-5-8) Pas de fumeurs dans l'appartement , éventuellement à la fenêtre et pas d'animaux.
26806	Your designer home has a relaxing feel, with comfortable leather sofa, dark floor tiles and white overtones. Your open-plan kitchen is ideal for preparing a healthy breakfast to enjoy around your beautiful dining table. Behind 2 sliding doors with mirror in front of the sofa, behind two sliding doors with mirror is your bedroom with TV.  You are in the cozy 11th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Place de la République, full of shops and restaurants, and the peaceful Canal Saint Martin, which at nighttime comes alive and is ideal for going for drinks or enjoying a homemade post-dinner snack! Do not forget to discover the district of Marais, trendy retro Parisian atmosphere guaranteed! Right in the heart of central trendy Oberkampf  with its Parisian bars and restaurants,very Close to the place of republic and its five metro lines and a 2 minute walk from the Canal Saint Martin. At The 2nd floor without a lift in an old building with well maintained Parisian concierge guardian. Charm	Your designer home has a relaxing feel, with comfortable leather sofa, dark floor tiles and white overtones. Your open-plan kitchen is ideal for preparing a healthy breakfast to enjoy around your beautiful dining table. Behind 2 sliding doors with mirror in front of the sofa, behind two sliding doors with mirror is your bedroom with TV.  You are in the cozy 11th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Place de la République, full of shops and restaurants, and the peaceful Canal Saint Martin, which at nighttime comes alive and is ideal for going for drinks or enjoying a homemade post-dinner snack! Do not forget to discover the district of Marais, trendy retro Parisian atmosphere guaranteed! Right in the heart of central trendy Oberkampf  with its Parisian bars and restaurants,very Close to the place of republic and its five metro lines and a 2 minute walk from the Canal Saint Martin. At The 2nd floor without a lift in an old building with well maintained Parisian concierge guardian. Charm
26807		Very quiet 2 bedrooms dupleix (>65square meters) ideally located right in front of touristic Pere lachaise cemetery (metro lines : 2 and 3) with all facilities (internet, washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, oven...) and equipped for a family.
26808	Pretty 70m2 mezzanine under the roofs with exposed beams. With a dishwasher and washing machine , bathroom with double bed, sofa bed (x2) In the 4th without elevator. Comfortable, lighting and spacious . Many storage . At 10-minutes walk from the Marais Bastille Metro line 1, 5, 8 and 9	Pretty 70m2 mezzanine under the roofs with exposed beams. With a dishwasher and washing machine , bathroom with double bed, sofa bed (x2) In the 4th without elevator. Comfortable, lighting and spacious . Many storage . At 10-minutes walk from the Marais Bastille Metro line 1, 5, 8 and 9
26809		Newly renovated 2 roomed  ground floor flat with parquet flooring situated in the district of Belleville/Goncort. 5 minutes on foot to the Belleville metro and 15 mins to Republique. A popular and animated area with a supermarket 2 mins away and a street market several times a week. Near the Chinese area of Belleville but within walking distance to Place de la Republique and the canal. Near Rue Oberkampf with all its restaurants and Bars. Several metro lines nearby
26810	Very nice appartement (40sqm2), with a living room and a big room. the flat is typicaly parisian and perfect for two persons. Big livingroom (tv and wifi) Big room with a double bed Great kitchen where you can cook  Be careful - the bathroom is small but it is ok for two.	Great appartement, 40square meter, in Paris 11, between Bastille and Voltaire. Good location, in a very trendy area with nice restaurants, bars and shops. Very near to Le Marais Very easy to access with public transportation Very nice appartement (40sqm2), with a living room and a big room. the flat is typicaly parisian and perfect for two persons. Big livingroom (tv and wifi) Big room with a double bed Great kitchen where you can cook  Be careful - the bathroom is small but it is ok for two. Into the very trendy area of bastille, paris 11 Metro BASTILLE : Ligne 1, 5, 8 Metro Voltaire : ligne 9 Lot of bus lines. - 15 minutes walk to le marais by e-mail or by phone.
26811	Le logement est très calme car il donne sur un jardin mais le quartier est très animé et joyeux	Logement très lumineux de 64 m2 sur jardin renové recemment ,Une chambre lit double, 1 grand salon  avec un lit de deux places . Petite chambre d'enfant avec un lit à barreaux. Au coeur du 11ème.Tous les transports à proximité, quartier animé. Le logement est très calme car il donne sur un jardin mais le quartier est très animé et joyeux Accès à tous le logement sauf un placard Je serai joignable par téléphone et ma gardienne sera présente C'est un quartier très animé de Paris qui a beaucoup changé ces dernières années mais qui reste typique Beaucoup de transports à proximité, RER A , Bus, métro,. Un supermarché en bas de l'immeuble
26812	Studio confortable, calme et ensoleillé, central, parfait pour découvrir Paris le temps d'un week-end ou sur un séjour de longue durée. De nombreux bars et restaurants dans le quartier et un accès rapide à différentes lignes de metro ou de bus pour découvrir la ville! - Cuisine équipée - Wifi - Serviettes de toilette et linge de lit à disposition - - - - -  Studio comfortable, quiet and sunny, central, perfect to discover Paris for a weekend or a long er stay. Many bars and restaurants in the area and quick access to different lines of metro or bus to explore the city! - Kitchen - Wifi - Towels and bed linen available 	Studio de 20m2 ensoleillé avec salon, coin nuit (lit 2 pers.), SdB et petite cuisine fonctionnelle. Situé dans le centre de Paris, idéal pour un week-end à 2! Cosy & sunny studio in central Paris. Living-room, 2 people bed,bathromm and kitchen. Studio confortable, calme et ensoleillé, central, parfait pour découvrir Paris le temps d'un week-end ou sur un séjour de longue durée. De nombreux bars et restaurants dans le quartier et un accès rapide à différentes lignes de metro ou de bus pour découvrir la ville! - Cuisine équipée - Wifi - Serviettes de toilette et linge de lit à disposition - - - - -  Studio comfortable, quiet and sunny, central, perfect to discover Paris for a weekend or a long er stay. Many bars and restaurants in the area and quick access to different lines of metro or bus to explore the city! - Kitchen - Wifi - Towels and bed linen available Festive, young, and dynamic mixed neighborhood of Rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud / Oberkampf is one of the busiest in the capital. This 
26813	Grand appartement clair et calme , dans un immeuble récent , parfaitement bien situé au coeur de Paris.	Grand appartement clair et calme , dans un immeuble récent , parfaitement bien situé au coeur de Paris. Une information qui peut avoir son importance: il y a un chat dans la maison! même si on ne le voit pas souvent et qu'il ne viendra pas vous embêter car il est sauvage, les personnes allergiques ne seront pas au mieux chez nous....
26814	It's a charming apartment of 32m ² with a double exposure on the 5th floor with elevator in a quiet but living place in Paris, close to all amenities (shops as supermarkets, bakery, pharmacy butcher's shop, etc...)  Metro stations : metro line 9 to 2 minutes walking distance, line 1, 2, 6 and A to 8 minutes walk).  The flat is very bright, double exposition. Ideal for a visit to Paris in good standing. - A separate bedroom, double size bed (160) - Living room / study with double sofa size / TV 81cm/ - Fully equipped kitchen, ceramic hob, fridge, microwave, small oven student, and a washing machine, coffee machine, kettle! - Bathroom (shower) with toilets The lounge has a sofa bed, the apartment can sleep up to 4 people. Internet and Wi-Fii included. You are welcome to my home to enjoy the city of Lights as it should.	It's a charming apartment of 32m ² with a double exposure on the 5th floor with elevator in a quiet but living place in Paris, close to all amenities (shops as supermarkets, bakery, pharmacy butcher's shop, etc...)  Metro stations : metro line 9 to 2 minutes walking distance, line 1, 2, 6 and A to 8 minutes walk).  The flat is very bright, double exposition. Ideal for a visit to Paris in good standing. - A separate bedroom, double size bed (160) - Living room / study with double sofa size / TV 81cm/ - Fully equipped kitchen, ceramic hob, fridge, microwave, small oven student, and a washing machine, coffee machine, kettle! - Bathroom (shower) with toilets The lounge has a sofa bed, the apartment can sleep up to 4 people. Internet and Wi-Fii included. You are welcome to my home to enjoy the city of Lights as it should.
26815	"Living room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom (32 m², 350 sq ft) Sleeps up to 4 persons (double bed 160x200, sofa bed 140x200) Very quiet apartment. Directly opposite a lovely park. Central location, lively restaurants /cafe and fruit and vegetable market. We live in the same building, and we love the area with a nice ""vie de quartier"", with market and bakery. Apartment and equipement : Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, toaster, kettle, microwave, induction hob, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee maker ... Sheets, towels and linens are provided. Broadband internet (ADSL, WiFi), Telephone, Television, Radio, CD player and music DVD / BlueRay. A baby mattress, games and books can be added on request at no additional cost. If you want a crib + linen and hight chair, we will charge you 25 euros, thanks for understanding. Easily accessible by public transport : - Metro : lines 8, 9 and 1. - Bus : 86, 76, 61 and 46 Metro station ""Ledru-Rollin"" or ""Charonne"" Walking distance to"	"Very comfortable and calm, 2 rooms 350sq ft. I will be here to welcome you, explain the lively area(bakery, maket, restaurant, bar), we live in the building. - M°Ledru-Rollin, Charonne, Bastille, Gare de Lyon  - Bus : 86, 76, 61 et 46     Living room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom (32 m², 350 sq ft) Sleeps up to 4 persons (double bed 160x200, sofa bed 140x200) Very quiet apartment. Directly opposite a lovely park. Central location, lively restaurants /cafe and fruit and vegetable market. We live in the same building, and we love the area with a nice ""vie de quartier"", with market and bakery. Apartment and equipement : Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, toaster, kettle, microwave, induction hob, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee maker ... Sheets, towels and linens are provided. Broadband internet (ADSL, WiFi), Telephone, Television, Radio, CD player and music DVD / BlueRay. A baby mattress, games and books can be added on request at no additional cost. If you want a cr"
26816	Sunny and quiet room with a comfortable double bed. Fully equipped kitchen and a nice renovated bathroom with bath tab.	Charming studio in a calm typical Parisian courtyard. Near Oberkampf lively neighborhood. 5 min from Republique metro station, it is an ideal base to hang around and discover Paris. Sunny and quiet room with a comfortable double bed. Fully equipped kitchen and a nice renovated bathroom with bath tab. You have access to all the studio. I will be available on my mobile phone during your stay and if not in France, I will leave you the number of a friend who lives nearby. The studio is located near the romantic Canal Saint Martin and the lively Oberkampf Neighborhood. Goncourt Metro is 2 mn away as long as bus 46, Republique metro - 5mn.
26817	A large room of 20 m2 with window and large studio window, stone wall, tiled travertine stone floor. Kitchenette with fridge, hob induction, big old sink and all the dishes. Small bathroom with shower. Internet connection via WiFi, iMac computer available, electric heating. Full bedding (sheets, duvets, pillows) for 2 persons (bed 140 x 200) and towels.	A charming studio of 23 m2 located on the ground floor in a quiet, typical Parisian courtyard with trees. A large room with studio windows, stone wall. Kitchenette, WC, shower. A large room of 20 m2 with window and large studio window, stone wall, tiled travertine stone floor. Kitchenette with fridge, hob induction, big old sink and all the dishes. Small bathroom with shower. Internet connection via WiFi, iMac computer available, electric heating. Full bedding (sheets, duvets, pillows) for 2 persons (bed 140 x 200) and towels. Métro Voltaire (line 9) or Breget-Sabin (line 5) Entrance code for the first door : 14a28
26818		Idéal pour un couple d'amoureux. À deux pas du Père Lachaise, au 5è étage avec balcon, vue sur tout Paris. Décoré et meublé avec soin. 3 stations de métro proches, bus, commerces et restaurants au pied de l'appartement. La Bastille à 15' à pied.
26819	Appartement atypique de 65m² style loft, atelier d'artiste, rue Oberkampf à qqs minutes du Marais & Bastille. Très lumineux, grande hauteur sous plafond et calme. Idéalement placé dans un dans un quartier très animé, au cœur de la vie parisienne. Nombreux commerces à proximité ouverts tard.  Avec 1 chambre (lit 140x200), un canapé lit dans le salon (160x190) et SDB avec baignoire et toilettes. Très bien desservi. (métro  ligne 2, 3 et 5) à 1 station de république qui dessert tout Paris. Tout équipé : wifi, chaine hifi, télévision, lave linge, cuisinière, toasteur, four et four à micro onde Wifi et… piano. Situé au premier étage avec ascenseur. avec vue sur cour. Un minimum de 2 nuits est demandé.	Loft/atelier d'artiste, lumineux et haut de plafond. Une pièce de 50 m2, avec cuisine américain donne sur une cour très calme. Il y a une chambre avec salle de bains. Idéalement placé, proche des quartiers Bastille /Le marais dans un quartier Trendy Appartement atypique de 65m² style loft, atelier d'artiste, rue Oberkampf à qqs minutes du Marais & Bastille. Très lumineux, grande hauteur sous plafond et calme. Idéalement placé dans un dans un quartier très animé, au cœur de la vie parisienne. Nombreux commerces à proximité ouverts tard.  Avec 1 chambre (lit 140x200), un canapé lit dans le salon (160x190) et SDB avec baignoire et toilettes. Très bien desservi. (métro  ligne 2, 3 et 5) à 1 station de république qui dessert tout Paris. Tout équipé : wifi, chaine hifi, télévision, lave linge, cuisinière, toasteur, four et four à micro onde Wifi et… piano. Situé au premier étage avec ascenseur. avec vue sur cour. Un minimum de 2 nuits est demandé. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Possibi
26820	clean, central, cheap!	A clean, spacious, PRIVATE double room, with a king size bed, in a clean two bedroom apartment. All amenities included. The neighborhood is very cool--next to the beautiful st Ambroise and 10 minute walk to Marais and Canal St. Martin. clean, central, cheap! kitchen, toilets, awesome huge comfortable king size bed. as much as you need or want! it's underrated, truly parisien, cheap, and so close to canal st martin and le marais loads and loads m9 st ambroise  m8 richard lenoir m5 richard lenoir bus 69 All good!
26821	This bright and sunny 1-bedroom apartment (5th-floor walk-up) is located in the heart of Paris, next to the lovely Canal St. Martin (with its iron footbridges and tree-shaded quays), Place de la République, the Oberkampf neighborhood and the Marais district and Bastille. * 1-bedroom, fully renovated top-floor apartment located on rue de la Folie-Méricourt, in the trendy 11th district.  * Large, bright living room with a sofa, dining table and hardwood floors * Fully equipped modern kitchen (oven, microwave, toaster, blender, French coffee press, Nespresso machine, large fridge and freezer) * Bedroom with a big, comfortable bed (new mattress), and a spacious closet for your belongings. * Roomy and sunlit bathroom with a bathtub/wall-mounted shower, washing machine, blow drier, iron * Separate toilet * Telephone, internet/WiFi and TV * Large windows in every room; very bright apartment on top floor * Within easy reach of all tourist attractions (by metro or on foot) * Nearest metro: Répu	This bright and sunny, recently renovated 1-bedroom apartment (36 sq. m) is located in the hip 11th arrondissement, near Place de la République and the Canal St. Martin, a short walk from the the Marais, Oberkampf and Bastille neighborhoods. This bright and sunny 1-bedroom apartment (5th-floor walk-up) is located in the heart of Paris, next to the lovely Canal St. Martin (with its iron footbridges and tree-shaded quays), Place de la République, the Oberkampf neighborhood and the Marais district and Bastille. * 1-bedroom, fully renovated top-floor apartment located on rue de la Folie-Méricourt, in the trendy 11th district.  * Large, bright living room with a sofa, dining table and hardwood floors * Fully equipped modern kitchen (oven, microwave, toaster, blender, French coffee press, Nespresso machine, large fridge and freezer) * Bedroom with a big, comfortable bed (new mattress), and a spacious closet for your belongings. * Roomy and sunlit bathroom with a bathtub/wall-mounted shower, 
26822	Dans le quartier d'Oberkampf (5 lignes de métro et plusieurs bus à proximité),situé entre République, Le Marais,Bastille,Belleville et le canal Saint-Martin (accessibles à pied), chambre de 15m2 donnant sur une grande cour lumineuse et calme, avec salle de bain et WC privatifs , dans un  appartement de 80 m2 en duplex.  Draps et serviettes fournis.Internet,WIFI,TV inclus.Accès à la cuisine équipée.Lave-linge et sèche-linge disponibles.	Dans le quartier d'Oberkampf (5 lignes de métro, bus,République, Le Marais,Bastille,Belleville et le canal Saint-Martin accessibles à pied), chambre de 15m2 sur grande cour lumineuse, avec salle de bain et WC privatifs , dans un  apparte- ment de 80 m2 en duplex. Draps et serviettes fournis.Internet, WIFI,TV inclus.Accès à la cuisine équipée.Lave-linge et sèche-linge disponible.
26823		Chambre très lumineuse située au 5e et dernier étage. Très calme, sur jardin. A 5 minutes à pieds du métro et du cimetière du Père Lachaise.
26824	The flat is in a typical Haussmannien Parisian building. A lot of locals shops, bars, cafés give to this district a lively and active atmosphere for those who don't know yet the 11th district of Paris.  The room is equipped with a mezzanine king size bed which can easily accommodate a couple or a single person.  The tenant(s) will have access to a fully equipped kitchen as well as a bathroom that will be shared with my other 2 roommates. 	I am renting a room in a very nice and sunny flat next to the underground station Rue Saint Maur in Paris 11.
26825	Appartement traversant très lumineux, exposition Est-Ouest.  La cuisine et le salon donnent sur la cour de l'immeuble et sont sans vis vis.  - Sur cour :  * la chambre avec le lit double * la cuisine (avec vaisselle, four électrique, four à micro-onde, machine à café nespresso, bouilloire électrique, lave vaisselle, lave-linge, plaques vitrocéramiques) et la salle de douche-WC * un salon de 12 m2 avec un canapé 3 places et une table à manger extensible (pour 6 personnes maximum). * sur rue (calme) : la chambre avec les lits superposés.  Accès wifi. Les occupants de l'immeuble sont essentiellement des familles avec 1 ou 2 enfants ou des retraités. L'ambiance est très conviviale. Les gardiens habitent sur place. Immeuble avec cour intérieure. Possibilité d'y entreposer un (ou des) vélo(s).	Charmant 3 pièces de 54 m2 très ensoleillé, calme, parquet au sol.  Métro, bus et Vélib à proximité immédiate. 2 chambres  dont une avec un lit double et une avec deux lits superposés. Une salle de douche, une cuisine et un salon. Appartement traversant très lumineux, exposition Est-Ouest.  La cuisine et le salon donnent sur la cour de l'immeuble et sont sans vis vis.  - Sur cour :  * la chambre avec le lit double * la cuisine (avec vaisselle, four électrique, four à micro-onde, machine à café nespresso, bouilloire électrique, lave vaisselle, lave-linge, plaques vitrocéramiques) et la salle de douche-WC * un salon de 12 m2 avec un canapé 3 places et une table à manger extensible (pour 6 personnes maximum). * sur rue (calme) : la chambre avec les lits superposés.  Accès wifi. Les occupants de l'immeuble sont essentiellement des familles avec 1 ou 2 enfants ou des retraités. L'ambiance est très conviviale. Les gardiens habitent sur place. Immeuble avec cour intérieure. Possibilité d'y en
26826		Joli studio séparé en 2 par une cloison: une partie séjour/cuisine et une partie chambre avec lit 2 places. Idéalement situé, au coeur du 11ème arrondissement avec métro à 1 min à pied ! (très bien desservi) Commerces, bars, restaurants à proximité.
26827	Idéalement situé dans le 11 eme arrondissement, cet appartement vous charmera par sa lumière et sa proximité avec la nature au centre de Paris.  Donnant sur une vraie cour arborée et fleurie, vous oublierez vite le bruit et la pollution de la ville une fois rentrés. Avec un peu de chance, vous découvrirez aussi peut être les habitants à 4 pattes qui surveillent les lieux... Avec son vrai grand lit et sa baignoire, vous aurez tout le confort nécessaire après une journée à avoir arpenté les rues parisiennes. L'appartement, à mi chemin entre le studio et le 2 pièces offre un bel espace de vie cuisine/salle à manger/salon décoré avec soin. Le coin lit est situé dans une alcôve qui peut se fermer à l'aide de rideaux pour devenir une vraie petite chambre.  En plus du lit deux places, l'appartement dispose d'un canapé convertible et peut donc loger jusqu'à 4 personnes.	Ideally located in Paris city center and close to many metro stations, the apartment is comfortable with tastefully decoration. You'll enjoy the large double bed, bath, furnished kitchen and view on the garden during your stay.
26828	La chambre environ 15m2 avec un grand lit  (180X200) de très bonne qualité dans un appartement spacieux et chaleureux . 	A 5 minutes à pieds de la place de la Bastille et à 15 minutes du quartier du Marais, un ancien immeuble industriel situé dans un passage calme. La chambre environ 15m2 avec un grand lit  (180X200) de très bonne qualité dans un appartement spacieux et chaleureux . Salon, salle à manger, cuisine dinatoire et salle de bains. je serai ravi de vous faire partager mes adresses dans le quartier Très agréable et animé. Vous y trouverez tous les commerces et le magnifique marché d’Aligre est à 200m (tous les matins sauf le lundi), de bons restaurants, bars, boutiques, cinémas,  … Metro Ledru-Rollin ( ligne 8) nombreuses lignes de bus La Gare de Lyon est à 10 minutes à pieds La place de la Bastille à 5 minutes à pieds Lle quartier du Marais à 15 minutes à pieds.
26829	Located on the ground floor of a luxury building, in a street with many shops (supermarket until 22h, tobacco, dry cleaning, banking) and small local restaurants, you will enjoy life in Paris while staying away from the 'tourist bustle. The apartment overlooks a courtyard which makes it very quiet and bright!	This 27m2 studio would make neud and decorated in a modern style is ideal for couples visiting Paris! Fully equipped apartment with kitchen and bathroom / WC. Very lively with metro and Pere Lachaise Cemetery 50m Located on the ground floor of a luxury building, in a street with many shops (supermarket until 22h, tobacco, dry cleaning, banking) and small local restaurants, you will enjoy life in Paris while staying away from the 'tourist bustle. The apartment overlooks a courtyard which makes it very quiet and bright! The apartment has a bathroom with a small tub and a wardrobe / dressing room and separate toilet. A kitchenette with all necessary equipment awaits (induction hob, oven, fridge / freezer and washer / dryer) and internet WI-FI and digital piano are also available. I will welcome you in the best conditions and will be present on arrival and departure to show you everything he has to say it on the apartment and its surroundings. The area is very alive and very well served by
26830	   Appartement sous les toits de 40 M2 pour 2 personnes, au 6° étage d’un immeuble ancien situé a quelques minutes de la place de la République et du quartier animé d’ Oberkampf. Code d'entrée, interphone et ascenseur jusqu'au 5° étage. Très calme et lumineux, fenêtres sur cour  avec une belle vue dégagée de Paris.  Sols en tomettes anciennes et  parquet en chêne 1 entrée.  1 salle à manger / cuisine avec cheminée, 1 canapé  confortable pouvant servir comme couchage d’appoint 1 place. 1 chambre  avec 1 lit 2 places,. 1 salle de bains  avec  baignoire, lavabos, WC.  WI FI, télévision, téléphone gratuit sur la France excepté numéros surtaxés, HI FI……. Multiples commerces, cafés, restaurant, théâtres…. Distances à pied des métros : Goncourt (3 mn), Belleville (3 mn), République (12 mn). Dépôt de garantie : 500 euros Animaux non acceptés Durée minimum de location : 7 jours This 40m² one bedroom apartment is very close to the “Canal St Martin” and just a few minutes away from the Place de l	L'appartement est un îlot de calme et de serenité dans un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris.   Appartement sous les toits de 40 M2 pour 2 personnes, au 6° étage d’un immeuble ancien situé a quelques minutes de la place de la République et du quartier animé d’ Oberkampf. Code d'entrée, interphone et ascenseur jusqu'au 5° étage. Très calme et lumineux, fenêtres sur cour  avec une belle vue dégagée de Paris.  Sols en tomettes anciennes et  parquet en chêne 1 entrée.  1 salle à manger / cuisine avec cheminée, 1 canapé  confortable pouvant servir comme couchage d’appoint 1 place. 1 chambre  avec 1 lit 2 places,. 1 salle de bains  avec  baignoire, lavabos, WC.  WI FI, télévision, téléphone gratuit sur la France excepté numéros surtaxés, HI FI……. Multiples commerces, cafés, restaurant, théâtres…. Distances à pied des métros : Goncourt (3 mn), Belleville (3 mn), République (12 mn). Dépôt de garantie : 500 euros Animaux non acceptés Durée minimum de location : 7 jours This 40m² one bedroo
26831	simple but with personal touch and comfortable bed	"studio meublé de 25m2 relativement calme malgré quartier très vivant à proximité de 5 métro: parmentier, Goncourt, Oberkampf, republique, couronne draps, serviettes  sèche-cheveux  heart of the most trendy part of Paris( bobo dinky...) pretty quiet and close to all amenities; cheets, towels and all for self cattering  simple but with personal touch and comfortable bed à un des quartiers les plus tendance de Paris. la plus forte concentration de bars et restaurants un des restaurant classé parmi les 50 meilleurs du monde (chateaubriand) le quartier populaire et asiatique de Belleville, et le quartier ""bobo"" d'Oberkampf trendy place pretty quiet and with all urban amenities: bar, restaurants, supermarket, public transport... à leur demande, avec plaisir as they wish la vie trépidante et l'emplacement à la fois résidentiel et proche de tout type de commerces one of the favorite part of Parisians dwellers and tourist so by the way! multiples combinaisons: 5-6 métro bus 96 (gare Montparnass"
26832	Cet appartement en rez de chaussée, est très agréable. Ancien atelier de menuisier, puis atelier de photographe et d'artiste, ce charmant appartement sous verrière, nous accueille aujourd'hui, Clémentine, musicienne, et moi, architecte. Il est chaleureux et plein de bonnes vibrations !	Cet appartement en rez de chaussée, est très agréable. Ancien atelier de menuisier, puis atelier de photographe et d'artiste, ce charmant appartement sous verrière, nous accueille aujourd'hui, Clémentine, musicienne, et moi, architecte. Il est chaleureux et plein de bonnes vibrations ! Nous avons une grande bibliothèque, et nous sommes heureux que vous puissiez lire nos livres pendant votre séjour si vous les traitez avec respect. Nous avons aussi une bonne sono et vous pouvez y brancher vos mp3 / ordinateurs ... pour écouter vos musiques avec un bon son. L'appartement vous sera entièrement disponible pendant votre séjour, en revanche il se peut que Clémentine ou moi ou des proches soient présents sur Paris pour vous aider en cas de besoin ou vous donner de bons tuyaux.  Un peu en retrait du quartier très animé de Bastille, le quartier est très sympathique et calme, plein de très bons restaurants, de cafés et proche de tous les lieux parisiens les plus cools du moment. Le quartier est 
26833	You would have the flat all to yourself. Meaning: the living-room which has a double-sized mattress in it and the kitchen area + the bathroom (shower) + the toilets that we share with two neighbors. It's absolutely no issue at all since the door is right next to our front door but you actually have to step out of the apartment (and bring your toilet roll with you). Smokers: we don't smoke inside but there is a fantastic balcony where you can smoke anything you like. And gaze at the Eiffel Tower at the same time	Studio entre Bastille et le cimetière du Père Lachaise, plein sud, très confortable (matelas double disponible, cuisine équipée, balcon) pouvant accueillir deux personnes !  Nous laisserons à votre disposition des serviettes de bain et des draps. You would have the flat all to yourself. Meaning: the living-room which has a double-sized mattress in it and the kitchen area + the bathroom (shower) + the toilets that we share with two neighbors. It's absolutely no issue at all since the door is right next to our front door but you actually have to step out of the apartment (and bring your toilet roll with you). Smokers: we don't smoke inside but there is a fantastic balcony where you can smoke anything you like. And gaze at the Eiffel Tower at the same time I will be available by phone, I'll leave my number in the flat and you can of course contact me in case of trouble. If something urgent needs to be dealt with, there is also the housekeeper (who lives on the ground floor) who could be v
26834	Big apartment of 2 / 3 rooms with a double lounge and all the comfort necessary for the life in Paris. 1 sofa which can serve as bed for child.	Well placed apartment, 55m2, in the full heart of Paris. Subway Pere Lachaise at 2min, close to Republic. Lots of business(trade), the apartment Perfect for couple, contains all the comfort of the everyday life to have a good stay in the capital.  Big apartment of 2 / 3 rooms with a double lounge and all the comfort necessary for the life in Paris. 1 sofa which can serve as bed for child. Access has all the apartment Ideal district for couple, situated in 2 minutes of the subway Pere lachaise, of numerous businesses opened late and on Sundays. Visit of the cemetery Pere Lachaise, full of small possible park and ballad Subway Line 2 and 3  We have BEIN SPORT and Canal + for looking world cup, and enjoy football =)
26835	Modern building with two elevators. Two entry badges available. Intercom and guard. Very bright apartment with wide balcony. Single bedroom with a double bed. Excellent bedding. Percale cotton sheets. Quality bathroom towels. I will take care of the cleaning (included in rental price).	On the 2nd floor (corresponding  to a fourth floor in a classical building), you will have a nice bedroom, for one or two persons. Bathroom, separated toilets are to be shared with me.   Modern building with two elevators. Two entry badges available. Intercom and guard. Very bright apartment with wide balcony. Single bedroom with a double bed. Excellent bedding. Percale cotton sheets. Quality bathroom towels. I will take care of the cleaning (included in rental price). You are free to use the kitchen to prepare your breakfast, lunch and dinner. Access to closet, refrigerator, and freezer. Living room and balcony access from 2pm to 22 pm. I speak French, Italian, and some English.  I will be happy to help renters with advice to make their visit go smoothly. I'd also gladly serve as a guide. The area is both calm and alive with many businesses, bistros, and a charming park nearly. Bastille, Père-Lachaise, République metro stations are all less than 20 minutes away on foot. Thursday and S
26836	Un charmant appartement  2 pièces rénové de 31,50 m2, donnant sur une petite cour, très calme, situé au 3eme étage, sans ascenseur. Il est composé d'un salon , d'une cuisine aménagée (lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, mini four, …), d' une chambre , et d'une salle d'eau avec douche et WC. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes -Chambre : un lit 2 personnes -Salon : un canapé Lit 2personnes TV et connexion internet WIFI à disposition. Linge de lit /Draps et serviettes de bain  à disposition  A charming Apartment (2rooms) renovated, 31,5 sqm, overlooking a small courtyard, very quiet, located on the 3rd floor without elevator. It consists of a living room, a kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, ...), a bedroom and a bathroom with shower and toilet. It can accommodate up to 4 people -Bedroom: A bed 2 people -living Room: a sofa bed 2personnes TV and WIFI internet connection available. Linen / Bed linen and towels available	Appartement 2 pièces pour 2 ou 4 personnes, Proche Bastille, Place des Vosges,du quartier du Marais,du cimetière du Père Lachaise, et du quartier Oberkampf et République,  Point de départ idéal pour une découverte de Paris Un charmant appartement  2 pièces rénové de 31,50 m2, donnant sur une petite cour, très calme, situé au 3eme étage, sans ascenseur. Il est composé d'un salon , d'une cuisine aménagée (lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, mini four, …), d' une chambre , et d'une salle d'eau avec douche et WC. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes -Chambre : un lit 2 personnes -Salon : un canapé Lit 2personnes TV et connexion internet WIFI à disposition. Linge de lit /Draps et serviettes de bain  à disposition  A charming Apartment (2rooms) renovated, 31,5 sqm, overlooking a small courtyard, very quiet, located on the 3rd floor without elevator. It consists of a living room, a kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, ...), a bedroom and a bathroom with shower and toilet. It can accommodate 
26837	Get the best of your parisian stay in this brand new and refurbished pad in the heart of Paris! This charming studio is located a few minutes walk from the famous and central Bastille neighborhood. You will be in the heart of a real lively neighborhood offering the best of the parisian life (cafes, bakeries, french bistrots...). The most famous attractions are few metro stations away (Notre Dame and Saint Michel district only 10' away, the Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe only 20', the Marais is just 5/10' walking distance, Eiffel Tower is 25' from the flat). Overlooking the inner court of the building on the 3rd floor with no elevator, you will enjoy the sun light all day long and avoid all the street noises and disturmbances. The flat is located few steps from the famous Marche d'Aligre and offers a real parisian spirit and lifestyle. With its wooden exposed beams, its old floor tiles you will experiment the old parisian flavour with all the modern comfort and appliances. Entering 	Get the best of your parisian stay in this brand new and refurbished pad in the heart of Paris! This charming studio is located a few minutes walk from the famous and central Bastille neighborhood. You will be in the heart of a real lively neighborhood offering the best of the parisian life (cafes, bakeries, french bistrots...). The most famous attractions are few metro stations away (Notre Dame and Saint Michel district only 10' away, the Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe only 20', the Marais is just 5/10' walking distance, Eiffel Tower is 25' from the flat). Overlooking the inner court of the building on the 3rd floor with no elevator, you will enjoy the sun light all day long and avoid all the street noises and disturmbances. The flat is located few steps from the famous Marche d'Aligre and offers a real parisian spirit and lifestyle. With its wooden exposed beams, its old floor tiles you will experiment the old parisian flavour with all the modern comfort and appliances. Entering 
26838	Ce petit appartement est idéal pour une personne ou un couple pour un w-e à Paris! Au coeur de l'Est parisien, entre Belleville, Ménilmontant et Jourdain. Il est situé à deux pas du parc de Belleville, tout en haut! Vous aurez donc en décollant ou en revenant le droit à la plus belle vue sur Paris! 	Bonjour! On vous propose notre petit appartement, idéal pour un week-end pour une personne ou un couple! Il fait 32m2 mais vous avez un jardin suspendu aux fenêtres et la vue sur tout Paris depuis le panorama du parc de Belleville à 50 mètres!  Ce petit appartement est idéal pour une personne ou un couple pour un w-e à Paris! Au coeur de l'Est parisien, entre Belleville, Ménilmontant et Jourdain. Il est situé à deux pas du parc de Belleville, tout en haut! Vous aurez donc en décollant ou en revenant le droit à la plus belle vue sur Paris!  Vous aurez l'appartement pour vous! Le salon est aussi la chambre avec un grand lit (2mètres) qui se déplie et se range pour laisser de la place. Une petite cuisine équipée est à votre disposition ainsi qu'une salle de bains.  On vous laisse l'appartement lors de notre absence, nous n'aurons pas beaucoup d'occasions d'échanger sur place mais on pourra correspondre avant votre arrivée pour préparer votre séjour!  L'appartement est situé dans le 20 ème
26839	"This is a 18 square meters apartment located on the 1st floor of  a 1930's building. It has been entirely renovated by an architect in May 2009. It is very calm, bright and sunny at any hour. It is fully furnished . The place is very practical and charming! For cinema or history lovers ,the studio is located at only 1 minute walking distance from ""La place de la Bastille"". For those who love to party, rue de la Roquette is also 1 mn walking distance and you will find all the bars and also great restaurants. Behind our home, the magnificent and more famous neighborhood of le Marais wich is a 3 minute walk as well. For those who would like to make one of the most romantic walks (or bike rides) in Paris, the canal St-Martin is 10 minutes away walking, 3 or 4 biking. The nearest metro station are ""Bréguet Sabin"" or ""Bastille"". Please don't hesitate to contact me for further information. I would be pleased to help you!  "	"This is a 18 square meters apartment located on the 1st floor of  a 1930's building. It has been entirely renovated by an architect in May 2009. It is very calm, bright and sunny at any hour. It is fully furnished . The place is very practical and charming! For cinema or history lovers ,the studio is located at only 1 minute walking distance from ""La place de la Bastille"". For those who love to party, rue de la Roquette is also 1 mn walking distance and you will find all the bars and also great restaurants. Behind our home, the magnificent and more famous neighborhood of le Marais wich is a 3 minute walk as well. For those who would like to make one of the most romantic walks (or bike rides) in Paris, the canal St-Martin is 10 minutes away walking, 3 or 4 biking. The nearest metro station are ""Bréguet Sabin"" or ""Bastille"". Please don't hesitate to contact me for further information. I would be pleased to help you!  "
26840	It's a little nest (30 square meters) on the 6th floor (be aware there is no lift, it's a good work out, though)  It's very bright (pointing South and West) with exposed beams.	It's a little nest (30 square meters) on the 6th floor (be aware there is no lift, it's a good work out, though)  It's very bright (pointing South and West) with exposed beams. There is -a washing machine -two electric hobs -an oven -a little italian coffee maker -a food mixer  -everything you need to cook, eat and drink  -a bathtub and toilets (with macerator that explains the high deposit) -Free internet wireless I leave everything there is and decide to trust you!  -If you want to play music, feel free to do so (there's a piano, a bass, ...) Although it would be nice to stop at 10:30 pm for the neighbours. -If you fancy my creams and shampoo, uses it !  But please replace it for the next ones. -If you really want to wear one of my shirts, you can borrow it carefully. - CD, DVD, and books are waiting to be used. As much as possible, I will be the one welcoming you. If not, it will be a friend of mine.  We will make sure a full cleaning has been made before your arrival and that the s
26841	Ce joli 2 piéces de 35 métres carrés, traversant est-ouest, donc très lumineux  (6eme étage) se compose: d'une chambre avec un lit double et de très grands placards  d'un salon avec télévision écran plat, lecteur dvd, bibliothéque... d'une salle de bain avec (petite!) baignoire d'une cuisine séparée toute équipée avec une fenêtre qui en fait un endroit parfait pour prendre son petit déjeuner!  Accés wi-fi, télévision, lecteur DVD, lave-linge.  Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. Il est idéalement situé, la rue est calme mais le quartier très vivant. This 35 square meters apartement is very bright since it's located on the 6th floor. It consists in  one bedroom with a queen bed and very large closet,  a living room with flat screen tv, dvd player, books (some are in english and in italian) a bathroom with a (small) bathtub a separate kitchen all equiped (great spot to have breakfast as the morning sun comes trough the window) Wi-Fi included, cable TV, washing machine. Sheets and t	Ce joli 2 pièces charmant et lumineux, situé dans un quartier très vivant, est parfait pour un couple souhaitant découvrir Paris.  This lovely, bright apt, located in a lively neighborhood is perfect for a couple who wants to discover Paris. Ce joli 2 piéces de 35 métres carrés, traversant est-ouest, donc très lumineux  (6eme étage) se compose: d'une chambre avec un lit double et de très grands placards  d'un salon avec télévision écran plat, lecteur dvd, bibliothéque... d'une salle de bain avec (petite!) baignoire d'une cuisine séparée toute équipée avec une fenêtre qui en fait un endroit parfait pour prendre son petit déjeuner!  Accés wi-fi, télévision, lecteur DVD, lave-linge.  Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. Il est idéalement situé, la rue est calme mais le quartier très vivant. This 35 square meters apartement is very bright since it's located on the 6th floor. It consists in  one bedroom with a queen bed and very large closet,  a living room with flat screen tv, dvd pla
26842		130 m2, Pur haussmanien, dans le Marais, à 5mn de la place des Vosges, de la place de République et de Bastille. 4 chambres, Salon, Salle à Manger, WifI, PC, console de jeux... Refait à neuf, parquet, cheminées et miroirs dans chaque chambre.
26843	The flat is located on the 6th floor of a very well maintained & calm building.  It has a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, separate toilets and a bedroom with a big bed.  You can have diner on the balcony during spring and summer.	Quiet, bright, cosy and comfortable 45m2 flat in the République neighborhood. It has a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen, a balcony and a bathroom with bath The flat is located on the 6th floor of a very well maintained & calm building.  It has a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, separate toilets and a bedroom with a big bed.  You can have diner on the balcony during spring and summer. You will have access to the whole apartment. The neighborhood is really sweet. There is all kinds of bars, restaurants and cute shops.  You will be able to walk to many tourists spots: Cimetière Pere Lachaise, Opéra,  Subway Lines 3-11-2 are 3 minutes walk at Stations Goncourt / Parmentier/ Belleville And you can also catch lines 5, 8 and 9 (8mn walk: République)
26844		Very nice appartement in the center-east of Paris. Located at the 1st floor of a secured residence with private parking space, the appartement is very close to M2 and M9 stations. There is a double bed in the room, plus a convertible sofa. You can access the full appartement If I am in Paris, I will welcome you directly. Otherwise I have nice friends that will provide you the keys and show you the appartement.
26845	This beautiful apartment of 25 sqm steps from the Place de la Nation and 5 metro stops from the Republic Square. It is located on the ground floor, in a court maintained a Parisian building. This studio for 2 people, entirely renovated, is equipped with a washing machine, a TV with cable channels and an unlimited high speed wifi internet access. Sheets, blankets, pillows and towels are provided. Secure building has an entry code. The studio consists of a large living room with a sofa bed in leather (high quality of 1m60) , a high table with 4 chairs, a TV, and a bathroom with a shower. The open kitchen has a fridge, freezer, ceramic hob, an extractor hood, an oven, a microwave, a Nespresso coffee machine (capsules are provided), d kettle, toaster and all utensils. This studio is a haven of peace where you can relax after a day of sightseeing in Paris. You will find in the district all the necessary shops: a supermarket, a bakery, a wine merchant as well as typical Parisian restaurants 	This charming studio of 25m2, fully renovated, overlooking a quiet courtyard of a Parisian building. You will love its location, quality furniture and decoration, which will make your stay unforgettable in Paris. This beautiful apartment of 25 sqm steps from the Place de la Nation and 5 metro stops from the Republic Square. It is located on the ground floor, in a court maintained a Parisian building. This studio for 2 people, entirely renovated, is equipped with a washing machine, a TV with cable channels and an unlimited high speed wifi internet access. Sheets, blankets, pillows and towels are provided. Secure building has an entry code. The studio consists of a large living room with a sofa bed in leather (high quality of 1m60) , a high table with 4 chairs, a TV, and a bathroom with a shower. The open kitchen has a fridge, freezer, ceramic hob, an extractor hood, an oven, a microwave, a Nespresso coffee machine (capsules are provided), d kettle, toaster and all utensils. This studio 
26846		appartement 2 pieces de 30 m2, proche Bastille, Pere Lachaise 11eme arr.  4 couchages (lit double et 2 lits simples), fonctionnel, correctement équipé, commerces de proximité (alimentaire,bar, restaurant, square) transport en communs bien desservi
26847	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Republique neighborhood with this 1 room apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in few steps, 5 metro stations are close by, few bus lines as well to make you feel like a real Parisian.  On the 1st floor overlooking a green and florish inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in the very quiet flat. Lounge/Kitchen :  When entering you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals.  All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction cooktops, oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine, washing machine. All is there to make you feel at home.  The high quality sofa bed will provide you a great comfort for your sleep at the end of the day. The bedroom/bathroom :  It offers a large bed (140x200) including a bathroom with a bathtub.  The toilet are separated from all rooms.  Towels 	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Republique neighborhood with this 1 room apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in few steps, 5 metro stations are close by, few bus lines as well to make you feel like a real Parisian.  On the 1st floor overlooking a green and florish inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in the very quiet flat. Lounge/Kitchen :  When entering you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals.  All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction cooktops, oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine, washing machine. All is there to make you feel at home.  The high quality sofa bed will provide you a great comfort for your sleep at the end of the day. The bedroom/bathroom :  It offers a large bed (140x200) including a bathroom with a bathtub.  The toilet are separated from all rooms.  Towels 
26848	Large and sunny, 130m2 (1400 sq ft), 3rd floor with lift. There are 4 separate double bedrooms (including yours) + kitchen + dining room + living room + showeroom + toilets	"Room available with a Kingsize bed in a 4 bedroom young and  international flatshare. Clean and tidy flat with large common areas (2 living rooms) where you are welcome to fell like home. Perfect location in the great ""Bobo"" district! ;-) Large and sunny, 130m2 (1400 sq ft), 3rd floor with lift. There are 4 separate double bedrooms (including yours) + kitchen + dining room + living room + showeroom + toilets The room is nice and clean. It doesn't have a window to the outside but it's dry and well enough ventilated. You also, of course have access to all commun areas of the flat just like other flatmates: Kitchen , 2 living rooms, etc... We are 3 friends in our 27 - 29th, young professionnals (Consulting - startup - Marketing), enjoying day (at work, sometimes abroad in Africa or Europe), nights and week-ends of Paris. We love discovering new places and know a few places of reference ;) We like meeting new people and sharing about a lot of different subjects."
26849	all furnished, quiet place, information available on Paris (guide Michelin, maps)	all furnished, quiet place, information available on Paris (guide Michelin, maps) Internet free Wifi informations on wine and good restaurants (i.e. see Bernard Loiseau restaurants in Paris, ice Berthillon in Paris historical center close to Notre Dame) see in Google Voltaire metro station, closed to Bastille, La Seine, Nation, République Contact me. See on the website (website hidden) for your trip.
26850	Tres grand espace protége au sein d'un quartier animé. 4 chambres et 3 salles de bains pour accueillir généreusement 6 personnes.	Grand appartement familial situé dans le quartier Faidherbe a Bastille, en rez de chaussée sur une grande cour arborée d'un immeuble Haussmanien. L'habitation s'articule autour d'un patio tropical qui protege l'intimité de ces habitants. Tres grand espace protége au sein d'un quartier animé. 4 chambres et 3 salles de bains pour accueillir généreusement 6 personnes. les voyageurs auront acces a l'ensemble du logement et a ses equipements. Cuisine buanderie..... Nous accueillerons les voyageurs a leur arrivée. C'est un quartier central de Paris, l'ancien quartier des artisans, un quartier historique, théâtre de la révolution française. C'est aujourd'hui un quartier a la mode ou on trouve beaucoup de petits restaurants très bon de jolies boutiques des bars, des salle de spectacle et de concerts. l’accès au quartier se fait par les transports en commun ou par taxi depuis les gares et l’aéroport. Il y a un bus juste devant la maison, deux stations de métro a moins de 500m. Des stations de V
26851	Our parisian sunkissed apartment fits from 2 to 4 people. Located in the 11th arrondissement, it's 1 minute from Metro Voltaire and 5 minutes from Père Lachaise. Super calm area, located right above a police station and 1 minute from supermarket. Won over by the natural lighting and tiny terrace, we moved into this stunning flat in 2014. The kitchen is furnished with anything you need from a convection counter stove, crockpot, juicer, wok, and other everyday cooking essentials. There is a large sofa bed located in the salon and an overhead projector that makes for a movie worthy mini theater. Our outdoor seating, whimsical collection of plants and the hardwood floors add to this flat's unforgiving charm.  It also includes... Electric BBQ  Washing Machine Italian Expresso Machine High Speed Internet Microwave Oven We are a french and english speaking home and here if you have any questions about the area.   Metro: Line 9 runs through Voltaire and connects to big squares such as Republiq	 Appartement de deux chambres + cuisine convient parfaitement pour 2/4 personnes. 1 minute du métro Voltaire (L9). Très calme, 5 eme étage juste au-dessus de l'antenne de Police. Our parisian sunkissed apartment fits from 2 to 4 people. Located in the 11th arrondissement, it's 1 minute from Metro Voltaire and 5 minutes from Père Lachaise. Super calm area, located right above a police station and 1 minute from supermarket. Won over by the natural lighting and tiny terrace, we moved into this stunning flat in 2014. The kitchen is furnished with anything you need from a convection counter stove, crockpot, juicer, wok, and other everyday cooking essentials. There is a large sofa bed located in the salon and an overhead projector that makes for a movie worthy mini theater. Our outdoor seating, whimsical collection of plants and the hardwood floors add to this flat's unforgiving charm.  It also includes... Electric BBQ  Washing Machine Italian Expresso Machine High Speed Internet Microwave O
26852		Vous serez à 5mn à pied de la place de Bastille et à 1 min de l'arrêt de métro. Appartement calme pouvant accueillir une personne ou un couple. Chambre avec lit deux places, salle de bain, cuisine équipée. Etant très proche de Bastille, c'est un quartier qui bouge. On y peut trouver tout sorte de pub ou restaurant sympa. Métro 5, arrêt Bréguet Sabin
26853	Very bright, designed and furnished with taste, brand new (built Feb. 2012).	A lovely loft-style and spacious aptmt in the heart of 11th district; last floor, amazing volume. Between République and Pere Lachaise, 2 different subway lines (n2 and n3). 70sqm, open living / dining room with american kitchen and 2 bedrooms. Very bright, designed and furnished with taste, brand new (built Feb. 2012). Very trendy neighbourhood of 11th district, close to many restaurants and bars. Two subway lines + many buses Can accomodate one couple, or one couple + 1/2 kids
26854	You rent one bedroom and share the apartment (including the bathroom) with me. You can use all equipments of the apartement (kitchen, washing/dry machine, TV, wifi…). - A 4-room apartment of 65 m2 (670 sq ft), fully renovated in 2010, with a stylish design. There is also a 10 m2 terrace (108 sq ft) with a typical view on the roofs of Paris. Located on the 5th floor, it is very calm and bright. The kitchen is fully equipped.  - You will sleep in a cosy double bedroom, very calm as it is located on the courtyard of the building. I provide towels and sheets.	You rent one bedroom and share the apartment (including the bathroom) with me. You can use all equipments of the apartement (kitchen, washing/dry machine, TV, wifi...). You rent one bedroom and share the apartment (including the bathroom) with me. You can use all equipments of the apartement (kitchen, washing/dry machine, TV, wifi…). - A 4-room apartment of 65 m2 (670 sq ft), fully renovated in 2010, with a stylish design. There is also a 10 m2 terrace (108 sq ft) with a typical view on the roofs of Paris. Located on the 5th floor, it is very calm and bright. The kitchen is fully equipped.  - You will sleep in a cosy double bedroom, very calm as it is located on the courtyard of the building. I provide towels and sheets. - Feel free to ask for additional information on the apartment. - I'll be happy give you some advice for your stay in Paris.  - Located in a very cosmopolitan district, less touristic than the rest of the capital, a good location to live a real parisian experience. In 
26855	Appartement propre, refait à neuf il y a un an. Lumineux, silencieux. 2ème étage sans ascenseur. 	Appt de 35m2 situé dans un immeuble calme, dans un quartier vivant. Metro et bus en bas de l'immeuble. Parfait pour profiter de Paris. Un grand salon avec futon confortable (2 places). Une chambre (av grd matelas au sol). Cuisine équipée, machine à laver, wifi. Appartement propre, refait à neuf il y a un an. Lumineux, silencieux. 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Appartement idéalement situé, à 10 minutes à pieds de Nation, de République et de Bastille. Station de métro (ligne 9) et de Bus (ligne 76) en bas de l'immeuble. Quartier vivant, beaucoup de commerces, bars, et très bons restaurants. Minimum 2 nuits
26856	appartement petit (39 m carrés) mais belle situation; équipements basiques	Appartement comprenant 1 salon avec canapé, un petit bureau et une chambre avec grand lit, cuisine basique, sdb, wc. Lumineux avec 7 fenêtres, vue sur les toits de Paris. Ascenseur. Parquet de chêne. Quartier Nation, tranquille aéré et bien desservi. appartement petit (39 m carrés) mais belle situation; équipements basiques Quartier aéré et calme accès facile RER Nation et métro Nation ou Rue des Boulets
26857	The duplex includes - Ground floor: entrance and main bedroom (160cm double bed) - First floor: living room with fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom (2 single beds - 170cm long), bathroom (shower, toilet, washing machine and dryer) - Small terrace where one can take his meals surrounded by greenery. Television (cable included), computer and wifi, hair dryer, dishwasher.	This charming duplex overlooking a private courtyard with trees welcomes you for a quiet stay. In a central and accessible by all transport, this accommodation is ideal for a family with 2 children. The duplex includes - Ground floor: entrance and main bedroom (160cm double bed) - First floor: living room with fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom (2 single beds - 170cm long), bathroom (shower, toilet, washing machine and dryer) - Small terrace where one can take his meals surrounded by greenery. Television (cable included), computer and wifi, hair dryer, dishwasher. Central area 10 minutes walk from Le Marais, near Republique and Belleville. Neighborhood alive at night: great restaurants, bars, etc. Many shops and markets! Accessible by metro stations Goncourt (Line 11) and Parmentier (line 3) Close to Republique (lines 3, 8, 9, 10 and 11) By bus: lines 46, 75, 96.
26858	UN LOFT ATYPIQUE Au fond d’une impasse au look ”arty”, on accède à ce loft par une cour fleurie, autour de laquelle s’organisent les 130m2 de pièces. Au rez-de-chaussée, sur près de 70m2, le grand espace à vivre (cuisine, coin salle-à-manger, salon, toilettes) est bordé de baies vitrées lumineuses et d’une verrière. Nous avons cultivé un esprit coloré et vivant grâce à des meubles coup-de-coeur, et à des peintures uniques, réalisées par ma compagne, qui a fait de la verrière son petit atelier d'artiste. Au premier étage se trouvent 2 chambres doubles et une salle de bains lumineuse. Vous pourrez même profiter d’un petit café dans la cour aménagée... L’ensemble offre une véritable sensation de ”maison de ville”, à l’écart de l’agitation de la rue Oberkampf, pourtant à quelques mètres de là... Ah, j’oubliais, il se pourrait qu’au détour de la rue, vous croisiez quelques têtes pas inconnues… 	UN LOFT ATYPIQUE Au fond d’une impasse au look ”arty”, autour d'une cour fleurie. 130m2 en duplex, calme et pourtant à 2 pas de l'animation de la Rue Oberkampf et de Menilmontant. UN LOFT ATYPIQUE Au fond d’une impasse au look ”arty”, on accède à ce loft par une cour fleurie, autour de laquelle s’organisent les 130m2 de pièces. Au rez-de-chaussée, sur près de 70m2, le grand espace à vivre (cuisine, coin salle-à-manger, salon, toilettes) est bordé de baies vitrées lumineuses et d’une verrière. Nous avons cultivé un esprit coloré et vivant grâce à des meubles coup-de-coeur, et à des peintures uniques, réalisées par ma compagne, qui a fait de la verrière son petit atelier d'artiste. Au premier étage se trouvent 2 chambres doubles et une salle de bains lumineuse. Vous pourrez même profiter d’un petit café dans la cour aménagée... L’ensemble offre une véritable sensation de ”maison de ville”, à l’écart de l’agitation de la rue Oberkampf, pourtant à quelques mètres de là... Ah, j’oubliais, i
26859	RENT A FLAT 29 m²+ balcony 7m²  OBERKAMPF / PARMENTIER 2nd floor, elevator, realy quiet street Big bathroom / separated kitchen King size bed, Caretaker, digicodes Fully furnished (kitchen equipments, washing machine, catering) & Very sunny And a lots of commodities nearby. Ideally located right near many tube stations  Parmentier line3 (2min) Oberkampf line 9 (5 min) Republique line 3 ,line 5, line 8,line 9 line 11 (3 min) Goncourt : line 11 (3min) 200 meters from OBERKMAPF street with many bars, restaurants, club & gallery. 10 minutes walking from the heart of Paris : the famous and historical 'marais' neighborhood ( designer shops, art center and museums ) After visiting those many places, you could go for a walk or a (email hidden) martin (2minutes far) minimum 4 nights You'll enjoy it !	RENT A FLAT 29 m²+ balcony 7m²  OBERKAMPF / PARMENTIER 2nd floor, elevator, realy quiet street Big bathroom / separated kitchen King size bed, Caretaker, digicodes Fully furnished (kitchen equipments, washing machine, catering) & Very sunny And a lots of commodities nearby. Ideally located right near many tube stations  Parmentier line3 (2min) Oberkampf line 9 (5 min) Republique line 3 ,line 5, line 8,line 9 line 11 (3 min) Goncourt : line 11 (3min) 200 meters from OBERKMAPF street with many bars, restaurants, club & gallery. 10 minutes walking from the heart of Paris : the famous and historical 'marais' neighborhood ( designer shops, art center and museums ) After visiting those many places, you could go for a walk or a (email hidden) martin (2minutes far) minimum 4 nights You'll enjoy it !
26860	Make the most of your stay in Paris living like a true parisian in this charming apartment between Bastille and République and less than a 10 minute walk away from the Place des Vosges.  The apartment :  On the second floor of an old building with visible stone walls and wooden beams this apartment is oriented towards the the south.  The apartment if fully equipped providing you with optimal comfort. The bedroom has a double bed, a desk and an entire wall with closets. A big sofa bed can also easily accommodate two adults. The kitchen is fully equipped with all you need to cook meals and the table can sit at least 6 people for dinner parties. 	Make the most of your stay in Paris living like a true parisian in this charming apartment between Bastille and République and less than a 10 minute walk away from the Place des Vosges.  The apartment :  On the second floor of an old building with visible stone walls and wooden beams this apartment is oriented towards the the south.  The apartment if fully equipped providing you with optimal comfort. The bedroom has a double bed, a desk and an entire wall with closets. A big sofa bed can also easily accommodate two adults. The kitchen is fully equipped with all you need to cook meals and the table can sit at least 6 people for dinner parties.  The apartment is ideally located within walking distance of different neighbourhoods who all have a unique atmosphere and identity. Le quartier du Marais for its old buildings and streets, the Place des Vosges, and is home to many art galleries, trendy restaurants and small shops. Do not forget to discover the Marché des Enfants rouges! Oberkampf
26861	L'appartement est trés lumineux, spacieux et trés bien localisé. Trés bien deservie par 6 lignes de bus differentes et 2 lignes de metro. Vous trouverez dans le quartier super marche, boulanger, restaurant. Le logement est trés central, vous pourrez rejoindre à pied trés facilement des quartiers comme republique, bastille, oberkampf, le marais... il y'a également une ligne de metro direct pour la tour eiffel.	Very good location for this flat. 40M2 in the very center  of paris close to famous district like le marais, Oberkampf, La Bastille, Republique. Also Close to historical spot...Metro station at 1min by walk. The flat is at 6th Floor without Elevator. L'appartement est trés lumineux, spacieux et trés bien localisé. Trés bien deservie par 6 lignes de bus differentes et 2 lignes de metro. Vous trouverez dans le quartier super marche, boulanger, restaurant. Le logement est trés central, vous pourrez rejoindre à pied trés facilement des quartiers comme republique, bastille, oberkampf, le marais... il y'a également une ligne de metro direct pour la tour eiffel. Every Access We are close to all the cool spot in paris, historical but also restaurant and bar, club for people who want to party 1min from the Metro number 9 (direct for eiffel tower). And you have also lot's of bus stop (6 lines) for going everywhere you want in paris. Also velo station...
26862	Our truly comfy apartment is fully renewed and consists of :  - a bathroom with shower (towels, shampoo etc. included)  - a kitchen equipped with a big fridge, a dishwasher, and a washing-machine  - the living room with a nice airy view, and a TV  - the bedroom with a king-size bed and one of the two wardrobes for your use.	Very central (10mn walk to Marais), light apartment with all the comfort needed. Typically Parisian with its wooden floors, mouldings and a fireplace in each room. Recently renewed, it has a great couch and a king-size bed for maximum relaxation! Our truly comfy apartment is fully renewed and consists of :  - a bathroom with shower (towels, shampoo etc. included)  - a kitchen equipped with a big fridge, a dishwasher, and a washing-machine  - the living room with a nice airy view, and a TV  - the bedroom with a king-size bed and one of the two wardrobes for your use. Within a 50m perimeter you will find :  - a grocery   - an organic bakery  - the lower end of the rue de Charonne with its cafes and stylish boutiques I'll be happy to give you tips on the neighbourhood and share my favorite adresses in Paris. The Bastille area is lively and fashionable, close to the Marais and the Canal Saint-Martin. There are countless restaurants and bars in and around the Rue de la Roquette. The Seine i
26863	NEW OFFER - House adapted for people for disabilities. Place de la République Square and many theatres and grand boulevards are just a 15-minute walk from this cottage-style loft located in a quiet courtyard. It features exposed beams and brickwork as well as a glass block wall design throughout. The charm of old Paris flows through this loft with high ceilings, a warm colour scheme and rustic furniture. A double bed and a DVD player  in the comfortable bedroom, while the elegant living room hosts flexible sleeping arrangements for 3 guests and a variety of plants adding to the overall earthy feeling of the loft. Use the country style kitchen to try your hand at traditional French meals. The bathroom has an Italian shower which guests can stand under to refresh after a busy day sightseeing. Walk for only 50 metres to the nearest metro station and for 60 metres to a Velib Bike Rental Station. Bus line 96 passes the door of the building and runs through Paris to Montparnasse. Père Lachai	Place de la République Square and many theatres and grand boulevards are just a 15-minute walk from this cottage-style loft located in a quiet courtyard. It features exposed beams and brickwork as well as a glass block wall design throughout. The ch NEW OFFER - House adapted for people for disabilities. Place de la République Square and many theatres and grand boulevards are just a 15-minute walk from this cottage-style loft located in a quiet courtyard. It features exposed beams and brickwork as well as a glass block wall design throughout. The charm of old Paris flows through this loft with high ceilings, a warm colour scheme and rustic furniture. A double bed and a DVD player  in the comfortable bedroom, while the elegant living room hosts flexible sleeping arrangements for 3 guests and a variety of plants adding to the overall earthy feeling of the loft. Use the country style kitchen to try your hand at traditional French meals. The bathroom has an Italian shower which guests can s
26864	Luminous studio. 25 mts plus mezzaninne. 5th floor no lift. Kitchen, bathroom, living room and sleeping loft with double bed and broad band internet conection.  Breathtaking views, floral courtyard. Historical building.  A few blocks from Bastille and the Gare de Lyon, near countless markets, boutiques and restaurants.  Enjoy your stay in Paris out of this atypical studio in de midst of a charming Parisian neighborhood bursting with life. It is situated only a few blocks from the old renown market of Aligre, open every day.  You will find yourself surrounded by all sorts of shops, restaurants , terrace cafes, bars, elegant boutiques , art galleries , artisans. ( the fine carpenters of this neighborhood served the Royal family and one of them still lives in the building!) You enter the building through a beautiful historical floral courtyard. In the 5th floor the luminous south oriented studio offers a panoramic view over the roofs of Paris and comprises a well equipped kitchen with mic	This atypical cozy 25 m2 studio is a real Parisian experience!Located at the 5th floor (no elevator) in the 11th arrondisement, 5 minutes from Bastille, in a charming flowered old courtyard with a beautiful view on the city and its rooftops. Luminous studio. 25 mts plus mezzaninne. 5th floor no lift. Kitchen, bathroom, living room and sleeping loft with double bed and broad band internet conection.  Breathtaking views, floral courtyard. Historical building.  A few blocks from Bastille and the Gare de Lyon, near countless markets, boutiques and restaurants.  Enjoy your stay in Paris out of this atypical studio in de midst of a charming Parisian neighborhood bursting with life. It is situated only a few blocks from the old renown market of Aligre, open every day.  You will find yourself surrounded by all sorts of shops, restaurants , terrace cafes, bars, elegant boutiques , art galleries , artisans. ( the fine carpenters of this neighborhood served the Royal family and one of them still 
26865	Please read carefully the following informations regarding the reservations : - Verified and upgrade profile are required for any confirmation of reservation  - Check in and out time are flexible and depends of the schedule of reservations  - Please mention your arrival and departure time in order to organize the schedule in the best conditions - Mind to give your actual mobile phone number and to stay reachable at this number all along your trip - Prevent as soon as possible in case of late arrival , any unforeseen late arrival superior of 30min will  be charge of 40 euros  -The apartment description is very detailled, please read it totally , then if you need more feel free to ask  This modern apartment has been renovated last year and is composed of a fully equipped kitchen ;a living room with a flat screen with cable ,a sofa-bed(for two people), a very comfortable king size bedroom and a nice bathroom with shower .	Very well located and in a calm street in front of  a beautiful park, this duplex just had been renovated to host in the best conditions four (website hidden)'s kitchen, living room,and bathroom  are fully equipped, in order to make your stay unforgettable Please read carefully the following informations regarding the reservations : - Verified and upgrade profile are required for any confirmation of reservation  - Check in and out time are flexible and depends of the schedule of reservations  - Please mention your arrival and departure time in order to organize the schedule in the best conditions - Mind to give your actual mobile phone number and to stay reachable at this number all along your trip - Prevent as soon as possible in case of late arrival , any unforeseen late arrival superior of 30min will  be charge of 40 euros  -The apartment description is very detailled, please read it totally , then if you need more feel free to ask  This modern apartment has been renovated last year
26866	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Oberkampf neighborhood with this 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in few steps, 5 metro stations just next door, few bus lines as well to make you feel like a real Parisian.  On the 6th floor (with lift), you will enjoy the light all day long in the very quiet flat. Lounge/Kitchen :  When entering you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge space and the kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals.  All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction cooktops, oven, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home!  The bedroom/bathroom :  It offers a large bed (160x200) including a bathroom.  The toilet are separated from all rooms.  Towels and linen are furnished. The neighborhood :  On few steps of the flat building you will have everything needed to arrange your stay, several supermarkets opened all day	Bienvenue à Paris! Authentic parisian flat with these fireplace, wood parquet and ceiling molding. Romantic and cosy in the heart of trendy neighbourhood, where you'll be able to feel the real parisian life.  Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Oberkampf neighborhood with this 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in few steps, 5 metro stations just next door, few bus lines as well to make you feel like a real Parisian.  On the 6th floor (with lift), you will enjoy the light all day long in the very quiet flat. Lounge/Kitchen :  When entering you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge space and the kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals.  All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction cooktops, oven, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home!  The bedroom/bathroom :  It offers a large bed (160x200) including a bathroom.  The toil
26867	Very well deserved by 5 metro lines (1-2-6-9 and RER A). Everything is around, restaurants, shops....	Very well deserved by 5 metro lines (1-2-6-9 and RER A). Everything is around, restaurants, shops.... Restaurants
26868	Le studio d'un espace de 12 m2 est situé au 4° étage d'un immeuble avec code d'entrée et également de 21h à 8h un accès limité aux personnes munies d'un badge d'entrée (fourni aux voyageurs). Il est  lumineux, propre et calme, la fenêtre (double vitrage) donne sur une cour fermée avec un vis à vis non dérangeant. Le studio est doté d'une douche et d'un WC (dans le studio mais séparé par une porte). Il est équipé d'un lit convertible avec un matelas confortable, pouvant accueillir  deux personnes, et de rangements. Possibilité de cuisiner (four micro-ondes et traditionnel, plaques électriques, cafetière, bouilloire, réfrigérateur et vaisselle diverse).  Le wifi est disponible dans tout le studio Il y a un ventilateur. Il n'y a pas de TV. Il est interdit de fumer.	Studio meublé 12 m2 refait à neuf dans le quartier branché à Bastille. Peut loger deux personnes, possibilité de cuisiner, accès wifi, douche et WC séparés par une porte. Situé rue de la roquette, ce studio est orienté vers une cour fermée et calme. Le studio d'un espace de 12 m2 est situé au 4° étage d'un immeuble avec code d'entrée et également de 21h à 8h un accès limité aux personnes munies d'un badge d'entrée (fourni aux voyageurs). Il est  lumineux, propre et calme, la fenêtre (double vitrage) donne sur une cour fermée avec un vis à vis non dérangeant. Le studio est doté d'une douche et d'un WC (dans le studio mais séparé par une porte). Il est équipé d'un lit convertible avec un matelas confortable, pouvant accueillir  deux personnes, et de rangements. Possibilité de cuisiner (four micro-ondes et traditionnel, plaques électriques, cafetière, bouilloire, réfrigérateur et vaisselle diverse).  Le wifi est disponible dans tout le studio Il y a un ventilateur. Il n'y a pas de TV. Il 
26869	"The flat is 30 sq. meters- 323 sq. ft.  The living room (with a convertible couch) is separated by a sliding wall from the bedroom (with a queen size bed).  The kitchen is stocked with all kitchenware, the bathroom there is a shower and a sink...It's small but OK. There's a toilet inside the flat. All fresh sheets and towels are provided. -There is a Hairdryer -Queen size new firm mattress -Plenty of guidebooks over Paris and France  -Lcd TV 19"" -Washing machine -Kettle -Small Oven -Soundsystem with iPhone/computer jack -There's an Iron! -Complementary phone calls to France, US, Canada, on cell phones and landlines;  Free phone calls on landlines to US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and many other countries."	"Located in the heart of a vivid and safe neighbourhood, my spacious and bright flat will comfortably accommodate a couple and up to two extra guests. A guide with all you should know about the flat will be provided to you when you enter the flat, along with suggestions about the neighbourhood and  two sets of keys! The flat is 30 sq. meters- 323 sq. ft.  The living room (with a convertible couch) is separated by a sliding wall from the bedroom (with a queen size bed).  The kitchen is stocked with all kitchenware, the bathroom there is a shower and a sink...It's small but OK. There's a toilet inside the flat. All fresh sheets and towels are provided. -There is a Hairdryer -Queen size new firm mattress -Plenty of guidebooks over Paris and France  -Lcd TV 19"" -Washing machine -Kettle -Small Oven -Soundsystem with iPhone/computer jack -There's an Iron! -Complementary phone calls to France, US, Canada, on cell phones and landlines;  Free phone calls on landlines to US, Canada, Australia, Ne"
26870	Flat designed by an architect. The apartment is very secure (surveillance camera, digicode, building custodian).	"Cosy and quiet flat. Trendy and animated area lot of restaurants and bars Take the metro, cross Paris and you are at the eiffel tour, notre dame, Champs Elysées, just 30min away. Flat designed by an architect. The apartment is very secure (surveillance camera, digicode, building custodian). Very animated and trendy, lots of restaurants and bars. I will give you some addresses ! You will be in the area of Place de la République, Bastille and Le Marais. Many supermarkets down the building. Subway line 3 Parmentier 2 min Subway line 9 Saint Ambroise 5 min Subway line 5 Obercampf 7 min (direct ""Gare du Nord"" easy if you take Eurostar, 10 min by metro) Public cycle station (Vélib) Place de la République at 10 min walking Place des Vosges (Marais) at 15 min walking kingsize bed Towels and bed sheet are included."
26871	l'appartement est équipé d'un téléviseur, accès wifi, canapé 2 places , cuisine entièrement équipée d'un réfrigérateur, d'un micro-ondes et un four, machine à laver, d'une salle de bains avec douche décorée avec goût;	Joli appartement décoré avec goût, au calme, très bien desservi par trois lignes de métro (2,3,9)  reliant les monuments historiques de Paris, Sacré Coeur, Champs Elysées, Opéra, en seulement 15 minutes de métro . Proche de Bastille et Père-Lachaise l'appartement est équipé d'un téléviseur, accès wifi, canapé 2 places , cuisine entièrement équipée d'un réfrigérateur, d'un micro-ondes et un four, machine à laver, d'une salle de bains avec douche décorée avec goût; l'appartement est situé au 4eme étage sans ascenseur et donne sur cour calme avec vue sur les toits de Paris; Je peux si besoin vous guider durant votre visite à Paris (Plans et Brochures sur Paris à votre disposition); quartier très dynamique et animé, nombreux bars et commerçants à proximité, le Père Lachaise se situe à 800 m à pied et Bastille à environ 1km à pied; il y a 3 lignes de métro :  la ligne 3 Galliéni/Pont de Levallois la ligne 9 Pont de Sèvres/Mairie de Montreuil ligne 2 Nation/Porte Dauphine Ces lignes desserva
26872		Location d'une grande chambre comprenant deux lits,  une table a manger et un balcon. Possibilité de loger 2 personnes simultanément.  Idéal pour le tourisme entre amis. Proche de bastille et de toutes les bonnes ambiances parisienne.
26873	"Living room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom (35 m², 375 sq ft)  Sleeps up to 4 persons (double bed 160x200, sofa bed 140x200 also divided on 2 separate part)  Very quiet apartment.  Directly opposite a lovely park.  Central location, lively restaurants / cafe and fruit market.  We live in the same building, and we love the area with a nice ""vie de quartier"", with market and bakery. Apartment and equipement :  Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, toaster, kettle, microwave, induction hob, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee maker ...  Sheets, towels and linens are provided.  Broadband internet (ADSL, WiFi), Telephone, Television, Radio, CD player and music DVD / BlueRay.  A baby mattress, games and books can be added on request at no additional cost. If you want a baby bed + linen and hight chair, we will charge you 25 euros, thanks for understanding. House Rules:  100 euros security deposit.  No smoking, no pets.  The usual Check-in 4:00 pm, and Check-out 12:00 am.  You ca"	"Very comfortable and calm, 2 rooms 375sq ft.  I will be here to welcome you, explain the lively area(bakery, maket, restaurant, bar), we live in the building.  Close to public trans Ledru-Rollin, Charonne, Bastille, Gare de Lyon  Bus : 86, 76, 61 et  Living room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom (35 m², 375 sq ft)  Sleeps up to 4 persons (double bed 160x200, sofa bed 140x200 also divided on 2 separate part)  Very quiet apartment.  Directly opposite a lovely park.  Central location, lively restaurants / cafe and fruit market.  We live in the same building, and we love the area with a nice ""vie de quartier"", with market and bakery. Apartment and equipement :  Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, toaster, kettle, microwave, induction hob, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee maker ...  Sheets, towels and linens are provided.  Broadband internet (ADSL, WiFi), Telephone, Television, Radio, CD player and music DVD / BlueRay.  A baby mattress, games and books can be added on request"
26874	 Salle de bain: elle dispose d'une fenêtre, d'une douche, une vasque avec mirroir, un sèche-serviette et un toilette. The kitchen: modern and well-equiped, it has two induction cooktops, microwave/grill, waterboiler, washing machine with dryer, fridge and all you need to cook your french meals! The living room: on the convertible couch 140x200 you will be able to read parisian adventures or contemplate the black and white photos of Paris. The sleeping room: a TV, a Marie-Antoinette deco with normandie closet, a Louis XVI chair, ... So romantic! The bathroom: a window, shower, washbasin with mirror, a towel dryer and a toilet.	The parisian apartment as you imagined it. A mix of history and contemporary with an original parquet floor and mouldings in the ceilling. With family or friends you will feel home and will want to come back as soon as possible... Salle de bain: elle dispose d'une fenêtre, d'une douche, une vasque avec mirroir, un sèche-serviette et un toilette. The kitchen: modern and well-equiped, it has two induction cooktops, microwave/grill, waterboiler, washing machine with dryer, fridge and all you need to cook your french meals! The living room: on the convertible couch 140x200 you will be able to read parisian adventures or contemplate the black and white photos of Paris. The sleeping room: a TV, a Marie-Antoinette deco with normandie closet, a Louis XVI chair, ... So romantic! The bathroom: a window, shower, washbasin with mirror, a towel dryer and a toilet. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available via phone and email. Place de la nation, bastille, Place de la bastille, Ci
26875		Appartement ensoleillé dans l'après midi. La chambre a un lit 2 places, et le salon est muni d'un matelas si besoin; avec cuisine équipée. Quartier animé entre bastille et Nation, à 2min du métro faidherbe et des vélibs, dans une impasse calme.
26876	Il s'agit d'un studio de 22m², lumineux, calme et fonctionnel. Son plus: il bénéficie d'une terrasse, LA pièce en plus l'été! Le couchage est un canapé-lit mais de très bonne qualité.	Studio avec terrasse. orienté sud-Ouest. Vue sur les toits de Paris et Montmartre. Idéal pour un séjour romantique. Il s'agit d'un studio de 22m², lumineux, calme et fonctionnel. Son plus: il bénéficie d'une terrasse, LA pièce en plus l'été! Le couchage est un canapé-lit mais de très bonne qualité. Je reste joignable et à proximité pour toutes demandes au cours de votre séjour. Ce quartier est calme mais vivant. Vous y trouverez des commerces de proximité de qualité ainsi qu'un Franprix juste à coté. Un marché à lieu tous les samedi matin sur le boulevard Philippe Auguste. Bastille est à 10 minutes à pied. A deux pas du cimetière du Père la chaise, vous bénéficiez des lignes de métro 9-2-3 à moins de cinq minutes à pied ainsi qu'une station de vélib' au pied de l'immeuble. Attention: Ce studio ne dispose pas de connexion internet. Cependant un café en bas de l'immeuble propose la wifi.
26877	Grand studio refait à neuf au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien dans une rue atypique et verdoyante.  Situé à 10 mn à pied des quartiers de Bastille, le marais, République, Père Lachaise et Nation.  Métro (Arret Charonne,ligne 9) situé à 3 minute à pied. La ligne 9 donne un accès direct aux lieux incontournables de Paris tels que la tour Eiffel, les Champs Elysées, le boulevard haussman (galeries La Fayette), les grand boulevards (bars) et,pour les fans de football,le Parc des Princes. L'appartement est proche de tout commerces. Studio tout équipé (tv, WIFI, chauffage, machine à laver, cuisine equipée avec four, micro-onde, grille pain etc) . Il peut accueillir 4 personnes (1 lit 2 places + 1 canapé convertible).  	Situated on the 1st floor . old building in a   beautiful street with 24/7 secure access, it will allow you  enjoy the Paris’ center way of life ! Dream place for anyone who wants to have a great time in the City of Light.
26878		Ma chambre m'est très agréable, très calme, claire et lumineuse. Bien aménagée, saine.
26879	Cette ancienne usine très lumineuse avec une verrière de 40m2 en RDC et sous-sol comporte deux salles de bain, l'une avec douche et baignoire, l'autre avec baignoire et douche, une chambre en RDC (lit double) et deux en sous-sol (une avec 4 lit simples, une avec deux lits simples côte à côte) et une 4 ème chambre d'appoint (lit double)	Notre loft au cœur de Paris, près du métro Bastille ou Voltaire. Profitez de l'animation du quartier Bastille, de ses bars, de la rue de Lappe. Promenez-vous dans le port de l'Arsenal ou dirigez-vous vers le quartier du Marais, accessible à pied. Cette ancienne usine très lumineuse avec une verrière de 40m2 en RDC et sous-sol comporte deux salles de bain, l'une avec douche et baignoire, l'autre avec baignoire et douche, une chambre en RDC (lit double) et deux en sous-sol (une avec 4 lit simples, une avec deux lits simples côte à côte) et une 4 ème chambre d'appoint (lit double) La rue de la Roquette est très animée, le quartier de la Bastille et du Marais sont accessibles à pieds Le quartiers est très vivant, les nombreux restaurants et cafés, la proximité du jardin des plantes, de la Bastille, du port de l'Arsenal et du Marais Métro Voltaire ou Bastille et de nombreux bus en particulier un bus direct depuis la gare de Lyon
26880		Cosy & spacious room in 42m appartement (with kitchen, wc, bathroom, wifi). 2 steps from the best city bars, 20 minutes walk from Centre Pompidou. The ideal solution for the spring holidays.
26881		Small but charming 1 bedrm flat 30m². One real bed to accommodate 2 persons and up to 3(1 adult in the sofa(Or 2 children) Nice area and safe, with many bars & restaurants around. Check for the arrival/departure Time with me as it can be flexible. Access to all the facilities of the flat : - Washing/drying Machine - Oven ( Microwave, Grill, Fan-air forced) - TV (cable) - HairDryer/Straightener    (Sèche-Cheveux /Lisseur) - Towels / Sheets (Serviettes / Draps) - DVD Player - Toaster (Grille Pain) - Kettle (Bouilloire) - French Press Coffee (Cafetière à piston) Close to a garden. (Square Gardette) 5 minutes walk from Supermarket, Bakery, Chemistry, Bars, Restaurants... 15 minutes walk to Bastille 10 minutes walk to Cimetière du Père Lachaise 20 minutes walk to Le Marais (or Bus 69 direct) Access to metro line 9 (Galeries Lafayette, Trocadero-Eiffel Tower, Champs-Elysees) Many busses around 
26882	Lo studio è piccolo ma c'è tutto ! Cucina attrezzata, bagno con piccola vasca, parquet e travi a vista.	Charming little apartment with a sofa double bed, kitchen fully equipped and separated bathroom. Really calm and bright.  In central Paris near Bastille and the Marais district.
26883	L'appartement est chaleureux, avec son mélange de meubles anciens et design. Il est très lumineux, plein de soleil, avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Sur le balcon qui borde tout l'appartement (table et chaises entourés de fleurs) vous pourrez boire un verre en regardant les lumières de Paris.	Dans le centre de Paris, entre le Marais, la Bastille et le Canal Saint-Martin, notre appartement chaleureux et lumineux est situé dans un quartier d'artistes à la vie culturelle et familiale accueillante et bohème. L'appartement est chaleureux, avec son mélange de meubles anciens et design. Il est très lumineux, plein de soleil, avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Sur le balcon qui borde tout l'appartement (table et chaises entourés de fleurs) vous pourrez boire un verre en regardant les lumières de Paris. Accès très facile, à pied, aux quartiers branchés de Bastille et Oberkampf, au Marais et à ses hôtels particuliers et ses boutiques de créateurs. C'est vraiment le coeur de Paris, d'où toutes les promenades sont possibles ! Nous sommes des amoureux du voyage, ravis d'échanger avec les habitants d'autres pays,  heureux de faire découvrir les secrets du vrai Paris. Notre quartier est à la fois animé, bordé de petits restaurants, ateliers d'artistes, petites boutiques  avec des produits t
26884	"Je loue un charmant studio au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble ancien (classé monument historique) dans un quartier bien desservi, à 50 m du métro (station Charonne) Nos derniers locataires nous ont dit que cet appartement leur faisait penser au film ""Amélie Poulain"". Il est d'un style ancien avec poutres apparentes, parquet au sol.  La pièce principale est séparée par des rideaux de la partie chambre où vous trouverez un lit double 140 x 190 (lit que l'on peut remonter dans la journée, le lit n'est donc pas visible lorsqu'il est remonté). Vous trouverez une table basse et un fauteuil dans le salon.  La cuisine américaine donne sur la pièce principale, elle est toute équipée (machine à laver, micro-ondes, four, vaisselle).  La salle de bain n'est pas totalement séparée, la douche est dans un coin.  Les toilettes sont à l'extérieur (sur le palier, partagé avec 1 autre personne).  vous êtes à 10 mn à pied de Bastille, près de tous commerces bus et métro. Commerces de proximité : b"	"Je loue un charmant studio au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble ancien (classé monument historique) dans un quartier bien desservi, à 50 m du métro (station Charonne) Nos derniers locataires nous ont dit que cet appartement leur faisait penser au film ""Amélie Poulain"". Il est d'un style ancien avec poutres apparentes, parquet au sol.  La pièce principale est séparée par des rideaux de la partie chambre où vous trouverez un lit double 140 x 190 (lit que l'on peut remonter dans la journée, le lit n'est donc pas visible lorsqu'il est remonté). Vous trouverez une table basse et un fauteuil dans le salon.  La cuisine américaine donne sur la pièce principale, elle est toute équipée (machine à laver, micro-ondes, four, vaisselle).  La salle de bain n'est pas totalement séparée, la douche est dans un coin.  Les toilettes sont à l'extérieur (sur le palier, partagé avec 1 autre personne).  vous êtes à 10 mn à pied de Bastille, près de tous commerces bus et métro. Commerces de proximité : b"
26885	Near Bastille and Alligre worldwide famous market, a welcoming family loft designed by an architect and a large green terrasse with a view on Eiffel tower. Very good restaurants and bars nearby, trendy area with parisian true art of living. Near Bastille and Alligre worldwide famous market, a welcoming family loft designed by an architect and a large green terrasse with a view on Eiffel tower. Very good restaurants and bars nearby, trendy area with parisian true art of living. (Texte en Français en bas de page) Beautiful flat in the sky ! Large main room (40 square meters) and a small children room. A huge terrasse for evenning drinks, barbecues and sunny breakfasts. Planted by plant lovers, very green. Barbecue and coal available. Equiped kitchen : oven, boiler, fridge toaster, blender, babycook, dishwasher, all kitchen ustensiles, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer Beautiful bathroom, large shower. Wifi access. Towel and sheets. Baby changing table, baby bath. Top of the range sofa b	Near Bastille and Alligre worldwide famous market, a welcoming family loft designed by an architect and a large green terrasse with a view on Eiffel tower. Very good restaurants and bars nearby, trendy area with parisian true art of living. Near Bastille and Alligre worldwide famous market, a welcoming family loft designed by an architect and a large green terrasse with a view on Eiffel tower. Very good restaurants and bars nearby, trendy area with parisian true art of living. (Texte en Français en bas de page) Beautiful flat in the sky ! Large main room (40 square meters) and a small children room. A huge terrasse for evenning drinks, barbecues and sunny breakfasts. Planted by plant lovers, very green. Barbecue and coal available. Equiped kitchen : oven, boiler, fridge toaster, blender, babycook, dishwasher, all kitchen ustensiles, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer Beautiful bathroom, large shower. Wifi access. Towel and sheets. Baby changing table, baby bath. Top of the range sofa b
26886		Chambre double dans une colocation ( 2 autres personnes) située en plein cœur du quartier vivant et populaire de Parmentier/ Oberkampf. Commerces, bars et restaurants en bas de l'immeuble. Très bien desservi : lignes 5, 3, 8, 11, 2 et noctilien    Les voyageurs ont accès à la salle de bain, le salon , la cuisine, les wc (heureusement!) et la chambre Je suis disponible par mail et téléphone Situé  en plein cœur du quartier Oberkampf/Jean-Pierre Timbault , l'appartement est idéalement situé pour les sorties nocturnes et pour ressentir une vraie vie de quartier au sein de la capitale! On s'y sent bien! ligne 5 et 9 métro OBERKAMPF , ligne 3 métro PARMENTIER, ligne 8 métro REBUPLIQUE, ligne 2 métro COURONNES Possibilité d'installer un matelas au sol si besoin pour une 3ème personne sans frais supplémentaires
26887		Charmant Studio situé dans le quartier animé de Bastille, proche des transports. Balcon permettant de profiter des rayons du soleil lors du petit-déjeuner. Calme et tranquillité seront vos deux compagnons !
26888	Dans un quartier central et animé, ma maison vous permettra de profiter pleinement de Paris (métro plusieurs lignes à moins de 5 minutes , bus)  et même, si vous aimez marcher, vous pourrez visiter le coeur de la ville à pied (Beaubourg, La Bastille, Le Marais  à 15 ou 20 mn, Notre - Dame et la Cité à 30 mn ).  Mon immeuble est entouré de cafés et de restaurants sympathiques et dans la rue commerçante parallèle vous trouverez toutes sortes de commerces, chics comme discount. Enfin, mon appartement, au  2ème étage sans ascenseur,  donnant sur arrière cour, est très calme : vous ne sera pas gênés par les fêtards qui s'attardent dans les bistrots ni par  les voitures. Ni par moi-même qui reste dans ma chambre de 23h à 9h.  Il pourra m'arriver toutefois de traverser votre espace, si je pars tôt le matin ou rentre tard mais c'est rare et je ne vous réveillerai même pas. Vous vous installerez dans mon salon disposant d'un lit  (divan-lit 2 places très confortable), d'une armoire et d' une té	Le  séjour , salle de bain, coin cuisine, TV personnelle, WIfi  pour vous. La chambre pour moi. A 30 mn à pied de Notre-Dame et moins de 5mn des bus et métros. Entourés de bistrots animés mais au calme de la cour intérieure.  Dans un quartier central et animé, ma maison vous permettra de profiter pleinement de Paris (métro plusieurs lignes à moins de 5 minutes , bus)  et même, si vous aimez marcher, vous pourrez visiter le coeur de la ville à pied (Beaubourg, La Bastille, Le Marais  à 15 ou 20 mn, Notre - Dame et la Cité à 30 mn ).  Mon immeuble est entouré de cafés et de restaurants sympathiques et dans la rue commerçante parallèle vous trouverez toutes sortes de commerces, chics comme discount. Enfin, mon appartement, au  2ème étage sans ascenseur,  donnant sur arrière cour, est très calme : vous ne sera pas gênés par les fêtards qui s'attardent dans les bistrots ni par  les voitures. Ni par moi-même qui reste dans ma chambre de 23h à 9h.  Il pourra m'arriver toutefois de traverser v
26889	Our flat is a big parisian style flat with two beds. A big kitchen with a tumble drier and a washing machine, and a dishwasher, a living room with two tables and a sofa and a big bedroom. It can fit with 4 people.	Nice flat of 40 square meters in the heart of Oberkampf quarter, famous for his restaurants and nightlife (Bataclan, Nouveau Casino, Café Charbon). Our flat is a big parisian style flat with two beds. A big kitchen with a tumble drier and a washing machine, and a dishwasher, a living room with two tables and a sofa and a big bedroom. It can fit with 4 people. The whole flat. Living in the same quarter, we'll be there to give you the keys, show you the area and give you all the advices you'll need to enjoy your stay in Paris ! Oberkampf quarter is very famous for its restaurants, bars, music halls and its vibrant nightlife. The flat is close to this quarter but it's hidden in a very calm square. It could fit as much with families or people looking for an authentic parisian life.  It's a very central location in Paris, close to République, le Marais, Belleville, Père Lachaise, Canal Saint Martin, Saint Ambroise, Bastille.
26890	Un havre de paix, spacieux, dans un quartier vivant, à deux pas de l'Opera Bastille, de la place des Vosges, du MARAIS. Petit port de la Bastille. Nombreux restaurants et Cinema	Un havre de paix, spacieux, dans un quartier vivant, à deux pas de l'Opera Bastille, de la place des Vosges, du MARAIS. Petit port de la Bastille. Nombreux restaurants et Cinema nombreuses lignes metro ligne 1 et 8 et bus accés direct via Gare de LYON quartier très vivant ,  nombreux restaurants à deux pas =  Café de l'Industrie 16 Rue Saint-Sabin, 75011 Paris (phone number hidden),  Chez PAUL (website hidden),  Bofinger (website hidden),  Blue ELEPHANT (website hidden), CARETTE  (website hidden) Traiteurs = LE NOTRE , DALLOYAU, SUHI SHOP 2 marchés  = BEAUMARCHAIS , ALIGRE OPERA BASTILLE (website hidden) gare de LYON METRO ligne 1 ou 8 BUS (phone number hidden) si vous avez des demandes particulieres, n'hésitez pas = boissons, petit dejeuner, fruits, café, thé , champagne .... fleurs ... je ferais en sorte que vous vous sentiez chez vous
26891	Cute bedroom for 2 peoples with balcony in a flat under the roof. The apartment is in the 7th floor without elevator. But at the top it’s a very cute space under the roof. The building is typically parisian from 19th century. There is a nice view and it’s luminous.	Enjoyable and luminous apartment with a great view of Paris. The neighborhood is dynamic and offer a lot of public transportations. Great place to go to the market, to have drinks and food, to do shopping. Cute bedroom for 2 peoples with balcony in a flat under the roof. The apartment is in the 7th floor without elevator. But at the top it’s a very cute space under the roof. The building is typically parisian from 19th century. There is a nice view and it’s luminous. You will have the room with the bed, a little desk and the balcony. In the flat you a use the dining room the kitchen and the bathroom. The small kitchen have everything to cook and a good espresso machine. A room in the middle is used as a dining room. The bathroom is quite big with a shower and a washing machine for laundry. Me and my boyfriend are living in this apartment. We would be pleased to talk with you in french, english or hebrew to give you advises and every help and information you want. We know quite good Par
26892	"Fifth floor (without elevator), leans out on a beautiful plaza in one stable typical of the district. So cosy.  Measure between the 30 and the 35 mqs, deux pièces, well furnished and equipped, TV and internet WI-FI  fiber optics. Perfect for a couple. Animate district: boulevard de Belleville, rue Ménilmontant, rue Oberkampf, Père the Chaise, rue de Belleville, and not "" tourist "" in classical sense. To 50 mt line 2 of the meter (Ménilmontant) + to 5 mt bus 96 that it accompanies along one of the most beautiful runs in the city (up to Montparnasse passing from the Ile de the Cité and Saint Germain des Près). 4 stationis Velib' in the immediate outskirts."	"Fifth floor (without elevator), leans out on a beautiful plaza in one stable typical of the district. So cosy.  Measure between the 30 and the 35 mqs, deux pièces, well furnished and equipped, TV and internet WI-FI  fiber optics. Perfect for a couple. Animate district: boulevard de Belleville, rue Ménilmontant, rue Oberkampf, Père the Chaise, rue de Belleville, and not "" tourist "" in classical sense. To 50 mt line 2 of the meter (Ménilmontant) + to 5 mt bus 96 that it accompanies along one of the most beautiful runs in the city (up to Montparnasse passing from the Ile de the Cité and Saint Germain des Près). 4 stationis Velib' in the immediate outskirts."
26893	One big and bright living room , equiped US kitchen. 1 double bed room and a bathroom with shower. 1 convertible armchair into one single bed + possibility of 2 others single air matresses or a double air matress.  Can welcome up to 5 people.	Very well located to visit Paris , a nice and confortable flat for up to 5 persons. completly renovated . Equipment for a baby is provided (chair, bed, changing table) One big and bright living room , equiped US kitchen. 1 double bed room and a bathroom with shower. 1 convertible armchair into one single bed + possibility of 2 others single air matresses or a double air matress.  Can welcome up to 5 people. The whole flat is available with all the equipment at 1 minute from central metro stations (Bastille lines 1,5 and 8) At 45 min from Charles De Gaulle Airport with only one metro change At 45 min from Orly airport.
26894		Une grande chambre équipée d'un lit double, dans un appartement avec salon et cuisine américaine. Très agréable, il se trouve dans une rue calme et commerçante du 11e arrondissement. A côté de Bastille et à deux pas de la rue trendy d'Oberkampf.
26895	This apartment is typically Parisian, with two fireplaces. The building was built in the early 20th century. it is a quiet place with a beautiful view on a small street and a park. 	Charming and typically Parisian apartment in the heart of Paris in the fourth floor  2 rooms (42m2 - 452 ft2) which includes  bedroom, living room (with a large sofa bed), bathroom and kitcheen.    Fully furnished, lighty and quiet. This apartment is typically Parisian, with two fireplaces. The building was built in the early 20th century. it is a quiet place with a beautiful view on a small street and a park.  Guests will have fully access to the whole apartment.  I love Paris very much and I am willing to share my passion of the city. According guests' availability and wish I can make a visit of the neighborhood, share tips and advice, recommend good restaurants or fun bars. The 11e arrondissement, though located between Bastille and Père Lachaise, is mostly dedicated to Parisian life: There are a lot of local gourmet stores, cool places,famous French restaurants... This is the place where to be to feel the Parisian life. Easy access through metro line 9 8direct to Chams Elysée) and 
26896	two minutes from Bastille by foot, one bedroom apartment on the first floor with elevator. 1 room apartment furnished and fully equipped. Kitchen / bedroom / bathroom / toilet / Lounge Area with many shops and perfect to go shopping near Metro: Bastille, breguet sabin. 3 minutes 5 minutes from Bastille Marsh 5 minutes from Gare de Lyon 10 minutes from Chatelet 30 minutes from the Eiffel Tower.	two minutes from Bastille by foot, one bedroom apartment on the first floor with elevator. 1 room apartment furnished and fully equipped. Kitchen / bedroom / bathroom / toilet / Lounge Area with many shops and perfect to go shopping near Metro: Bastille, breguet sabin. 3 minutes 5 minutes from Bastille Marsh 5 minutes from Gare de Lyon 10 minutes from Chatelet 30 minutes from the Eiffel Tower.
26897	Appartement de prestige dans un immeuble haussmanien, calme ( sur cour ), ensoleillé,  sécurisé, avec digicode et gardienne.  Cet appartement refait à neuf est composé d'une entrée, d'une cuisine, séjour, salon avec canapé convertible, chambre avec un lit 160 x 200, literie de qualité.  Pour votre confort, la salle de bain dispose d'une douche spacieuse, de deux vasques, wc, sèche serviette, balance.  La cuisine est équipée d'un frigidaire, micro ondes, lave vaisselle, cafetière, grille pain, plaques . Le salon dispose d'un écran tv avec la TNT. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis.  Le quartier offre un vaste choix de commerces de bouche ( monoprix, boulangeries, traiteurs, epiceries ... ), de magasins de toutes sortes, ainsi que de nombreux restaurants, cafés, brasseries. Idéalement située en plein coeur de Paris, la rue Beranger est à quelques pas du Marais, de Ménilmontant, des Grands Boulevards, de Beaubourg .... La station de métro République ( lignes (phone number hidden) ), vou	Cet appartement meublé de 35 m² est situé Rue Beranger, dans un quartier animé du 3ième arrondissement de Paris. Ce grand studio en location meublée peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Cet appartement calme au rez-de-chaussée. Appartement de prestige dans un immeuble haussmanien, calme ( sur cour ), ensoleillé,  sécurisé, avec digicode et gardienne.  Cet appartement refait à neuf est composé d'une entrée, d'une cuisine, séjour, salon avec canapé convertible, chambre avec un lit 160 x 200, literie de qualité.  Pour votre confort, la salle de bain dispose d'une douche spacieuse, de deux vasques, wc, sèche serviette, balance.  La cuisine est équipée d'un frigidaire, micro ondes, lave vaisselle, cafetière, grille pain, plaques . Le salon dispose d'un écran tv avec la TNT. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis.  Le quartier offre un vaste choix de commerces de bouche ( monoprix, boulangeries, traiteurs, epiceries ... ), de magasins de toutes sortes, ainsi que de nombreux restaurants, cafés,
26898	Close from many bus and metro station 15 min by walk from the center Wifi	Big kitchen separated from the main room Bathroom with toilets Double bed in the main room Washing machine  Appartment very light, area with a lot of convinence stores Close from many bars and restaurants 5 minutes from the metro station  Wifi Close from many bus and metro station 15 min by walk from the center Wifi
26899	Bonjour!  If you want to enjoy the charm of living like a real Parisian, we'd be glad to welcome you in our Hausmanian style apartment. Perfect for a nice love escapade or for enjoying a relaxing environment after a business (website hidden) Ambroise is a nice and charming 50 sq. meter flat with all the comfort you need, a balcony and many shops and cafés in the neighbourhood.  ********* Cleaning Cleaning fees are not included. We just ask you to leave the apartment the way you found it when you checked in.  ********* Walking distance from le Marais (gay area), Bastille and Oberkampf (going-out areas) and Père-Lachaise & Canal Saint-Martin (quiet and charming neighbouroods)  Quiet: all windows have double-glazing and exterior blinds.  Bright: double exposure and a balcony.  Newly-renovated: trendy/classical decorum: typical Parisian apartment (white walls, parquet, chemney, etc.)  Connected: TV, DVD, high-speed wireless access to the Internet, printer Cooking friendly: well arranged ki	If you want to enjoy the charm of living like a real Parisian, welcome to our Hausmanian style apartment. Perfect for a nice love escapade or relaxing after a business day. Enjoy its lively & genuine neighbourhood and its balcony! Bonjour!  If you want to enjoy the charm of living like a real Parisian, we'd be glad to welcome you in our Hausmanian style apartment. Perfect for a nice love escapade or for enjoying a relaxing environment after a business (website hidden) Ambroise is a nice and charming 50 sq. meter flat with all the comfort you need, a balcony and many shops and cafés in the neighbourhood.  ********* Cleaning Cleaning fees are not included. We just ask you to leave the apartment the way you found it when you checked in.  ********* Walking distance from le Marais (gay area), Bastille and Oberkampf (going-out areas) and Père-Lachaise & Canal Saint-Martin (quiet and charming neighbouroods)  Quiet: all windows have double-glazing and exterior blinds.  Bright: double exposure 
26900	"Apartment of 4 rooms. A double living room and two bedrooms, where we hear the singing of birds ! The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator of a fine Haussmann building style (moldings, hardwood floors, high ceilings). Recently renovated with quality materials and a taste for interior decoration. Exposure : east and west. Bright and sunny, very pleasant to stay. It has two quiet bedrooms. The parental spacious (15m2) with a double bed 160 cm and a smaller room with a futon on the floor. The building is quiet and the neighborhood is nice, close to many shops, transports and the Vincennes woodland with his lakes and the new zoo. At 15 minutes from central Paris. The ""Place de la Nation"" is perfectly served by public transport : underground (lines : 1, 2, 6 and 9), RER A (35' to Disnleyland) & Roissy Charles de Gaulle, buses (lines : 26 , 56, 57 and 86), the T3 tramway, taxi and Velib' stations (the parisian rental bikes). From there, you could arrive in 15 mn / 20 mn at all"	"Beautiful sunny and quiet Haussmann apartment (3rd floor / lift).  Renovated, decorated with care. 2 garden rooms. Lovely and pleasant district, all shops are nearby (beautiful market wednesday and saturday). Public transport around the corner. Apartment of 4 rooms. A double living room and two bedrooms, where we hear the singing of birds ! The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator of a fine Haussmann building style (moldings, hardwood floors, high ceilings). Recently renovated with quality materials and a taste for interior decoration. Exposure : east and west. Bright and sunny, very pleasant to stay. It has two quiet bedrooms. The parental spacious (15m2) with a double bed 160 cm and a smaller room with a futon on the floor. The building is quiet and the neighborhood is nice, close to many shops, transports and the Vincennes woodland with his lakes and the new zoo. At 15 minutes from central Paris. The ""Place de la Nation"" is perfectly served by public transport : under"
26901	A perfect place for a beautiful city !  Kitchen fully equipped , balconies all around the flat to enjoy sunshine ... or Clouds !  Tv and internet WIFI , a very confortable bed for 2 , bathroom with a nice shower .  A charming , very  cosy place just for you ! 	Nice , comfortable and charming apartment , (perfect for 2) in a quiet and central location with very good connections (Pubs , restaurants , shopping , vélib etc ... )  Kitchen fully equipped and there is dinnerware for 2 people .  A perfect place for a beautiful city !  Kitchen fully equipped , balconies all around the flat to enjoy sunshine ... or Clouds !  Tv and internet WIFI , a very confortable bed for 2 , bathroom with a nice shower .  A charming , very  cosy place just for you !  All the apartment will be free and at the service of the travelers .  Wifi , Tv and speaker BOSE , Piano ...  I will be absent from the flat during your stay  but contactable at all times  Oberkampf is a lively area ,very attractive .  You'll be delighted by the calmness and the sweetness of this typical district .  -Very near from Métro parmentier on the line 3 or Oberkampf on the line 5 or 9 or filles du calvaire on the line 8 . -Taxi  Bip and interphone to get to my apartment . 
26902		Lovely 2 pieces for rent for the summer. Ideal for two people. 4th floor. Sunny. In old building. Charming. Near Bastille and Pere Lachaise. Well equipped.
26903		Bed in a nice apartment, very close to Père Lachaise. All comodities in this area. Lot of bars, restaurants and many places to go. Close to the city center, by metro (10 mn max)
26904	The flat is composed of a fully equipped kitchen (mini-oven, washing machine, dishwasher, refrigerator), a dining area, a living room (with WIFI connection), a bedroom with a double bed and a small bathroom.  Sheets and towels are supplied.  The apartment is on the 2nd floor with an elevator. Very quiet, bright and comfortable with 3 windows looking at the inner courtyard. Closed to any conveniences: bars, restaurants ( several in La Roquette Street), coffees, bakery, Food Market Carrefour (next to the flat) and shops.  Subway in front of the building will give you an easy access to: Galeries Lafayettes (Stop at Chaussée d’Antin La Fayette), the Champs-Elysées (Stop at Franklin Roosevelt) and place of interest in Paris. According to what you’re looking for, we will do our best to advice you on places to be seen and the best way to go there making sure that you enjoy your stay in Paris!	Haussmannian apartment of 46 m2, located Boulevard Voltaire, in the 11th district, right in front of Charonne underground station (Line 9). The flat is composed of a fully equipped kitchen (mini-oven, washing machine, dishwasher, refrigerator), a dining area, a living room (with WIFI connection), a bedroom with a double bed and a small bathroom.  Sheets and towels are supplied.  The apartment is on the 2nd floor with an elevator. Very quiet, bright and comfortable with 3 windows looking at the inner courtyard. Closed to any conveniences: bars, restaurants ( several in La Roquette Street), coffees, bakery, Food Market Carrefour (next to the flat) and shops.  Subway in front of the building will give you an easy access to: Galeries Lafayettes (Stop at Chaussée d’Antin La Fayette), the Champs-Elysées (Stop at Franklin Roosevelt) and place of interest in Paris. According to what you’re looking for, we will do our best to advice you on places to be seen and the best way to go there making s
26905	This space is full of antiques furnitures which come from my family. The apartment is very sunny all over the rooms There are 2 marble fire places,and a balcony that runs all along the facade.	    Located 10mn walk from Place des Vosges in the Marais, and 10mn walk from Picasso Museum, the apartment has all convenient stores around, many restaurants and farmer market twice a week.    This space is full of antiques furnitures which come from my family. The apartment is very sunny all over the rooms There are 2 marble fire places,and a balcony that runs all along the facade. There is intenet wifi wireless You are able to call all over the world on land line there is T.V. with international programs My neighbourhood is very alive. You can find everything around: good restaurants,bakeries,cafes,boutiques, supermarket, delicatessen etc... There is a farmer market twice a week on Bastille place, 8mn walk . New Opera house,Picasso museum,canavalet museum etc..are just around. Musee du Louvre is 5 metro stations from Bastille. If you arrived at CDG or Orly airport. There is  esasy and not expensive transport: navettes aeroports called: (website hidden) After having google them, you 
26906	recent and luminous apartment 	This cozy, comfortable apartm is ideal for a couple and perfectly located for guests to go out and discover all the charms of the French capital, as well as the actual district itself; a truly authentic Parisian neighborhood that is full of history. recent and luminous apartment  2nd floor of a recent and clean building with a caretaker One of us will be there to welcome you and if you have any problems, my sister who lives in the upstairs apartment will be able to help you. The Bastille area of Paris falls under the jurisdiction of Marais, in the third, fourth and fifth arrondissements of Paris and has become one of the trendiest places in Paris for tourists to visit. This area has something to offer every tourist, with its vast array of: bars restaurants galleries and markets. If you ever find yourself in this region of Paris, do not forget to visit the Colonne de Juillet which was erected by the French people in remembrance Bastille area of Paris of all those who lost their lives du
26907	Our Apartment is a two parts apartment , with a sofa in every room that can accomodate for 4 people. It's a typical Parisian place of 35m2 in the heart of the city with a bedroom and a living room separate. There is a bathroom and restroom separate and a equipped kitchen, small but fonctional. It's a warme place located in a quiet street crossing the Oberkampf Street (a great place with lot of restaurants, bar, shops), near to Pere Lachaise (5 minutes walk) and Republique (10 minutes walk) and to The Marais (15 minutes walk). It's really close to the stations Rue St Maur, Parmentier (line 3) and Menilmontant (line 2, with this line you can go directly to Champs Elysees in 20/25 minutes). You can also use the Bus, the line 96 is passing at 3 minutes walk (to go to the marais, Montparnasse Station...) The area is full of life, with a lot of restaurants, coffees, shopping places, bars and great place to night out too. Our apartment is available for rent every week-end and sometimes during	The apartment is perfectly located in the 11th district of Paris and very cosy. The district is full of restaurants and pubs and subway and bus are just near of the apartment! You will enjoy your trip, for sure. Our Apartment is a two parts apartment , with a sofa in every room that can accomodate for 4 people. It's a typical Parisian place of 35m2 in the heart of the city with a bedroom and a living room separate. There is a bathroom and restroom separate and a equipped kitchen, small but fonctional. It's a warme place located in a quiet street crossing the Oberkampf Street (a great place with lot of restaurants, bar, shops), near to Pere Lachaise (5 minutes walk) and Republique (10 minutes walk) and to The Marais (15 minutes walk). It's really close to the stations Rue St Maur, Parmentier (line 3) and Menilmontant (line 2, with this line you can go directly to Champs Elysees in 20/25 minutes). You can also use the Bus, the line 96 is passing at 3 minutes walk (to go to the marais, Mo
26908	The appartment is roomy (320 PSF !), peaceful, bright, and with careful embellishment and  quality furniture. Full high quality equipment, (wifi, hifi, big closet, washing machine, fridge, oven/microwaves oven, vitro ceramic hob, iron, kettle, toaster, mixer, coffee maker, household linen…) ... 	Cute and fancy flat, fully-equiped, quiet, in the heart of Paris, close by the Marais, République, Canal St Martin, in a typical and lively street, full of bars, restaurants, shopping 5 lines of underground.. Perfect for discovering Paris, Welcome ! The appartment is roomy (320 PSF !), peaceful, bright, and with careful embellishment and  quality furniture. Full high quality equipment, (wifi, hifi, big closet, washing machine, fridge, oven/microwaves oven, vitro ceramic hob, iron, kettle, toaster, mixer, coffee maker, household linen…) ... 15 minutes walk only to the Marais ! 5-10 minutes walk to Republique square and the canal St Martin, The apartment is very well served : 2 minutes walk to Parmentier station (L.3), 5 minutes walk to 5 metro lines ! You can be everywhere in Paris in 30 minutes. I’ll provide you a guide for the use of the equipment, and my favorites places in the area  :-) It’s the artist’s quarter ! Right at your feet, hundreds of bars, cafés, restaurants, concerts ha
26909	You will love this space !	Old workshop with glass roof, 680 sqft, renoved by architect, arty decor. Ground floor on very quiet yard with flowers. One separate bedroom with a king size bed and a sleeping for one person on the living room sofa. A walk-in shower. Separate WC You will love this space ! 2 ways of access : a courtyard entrance and a street side entrance The wole apartement is available. This neighborhood is one of the most sought of Paris. A lot of designer shops, contemporary art gallery and small cozy restaurants. Very close to Picasso Museum,  Marché des Enfants Rouges and the famous Merci shop. Subway station : Sébastien Froissart at 80m Bus n°20, n°65 and n°96 at 100m
26910	Je loue un grand studio de 35 m2 (très lumineux) situé rue Vicq d'Azir, en plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du metro et du canal Saint Martin. L'appartement est situé dans un des quartiers les plus dynamiques l'été, avec ses nombreux cafés/restaurants le long du canal. L'appartement est composé d'une cuisine ouverte avec lave linge, un coin salon tout equipé (télévision, internet à disposition), une salle de bain independante, un coin lit avec un lit deux places très (website hidden) nombreux commerces sont situés à proximité, une boulangerie, trois supermarché, un restaurant au pied de la maison, un marché hebdomadaire au pied de l'appartement... Je suis une jeune parisienne depuis toujours, à votre disposition pour vous faire partager mes bonnes adresses et bons plans découverts au fil des années !! 	Je loue un grand studio de 35 m2 (très lumineux) situé rue Vicq d'Azir, en plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du metro et du canal Saint Martin. L'appartement est situé dans un des quartiers les plus dynamiques l'été, avec ses nombreux cafés/restaurants le long du canal. L'appartement est composé d'une cuisine ouverte avec lave linge, un coin salon tout equipé (télévision, internet à disposition), une salle de bain independante, un coin lit avec un lit deux places très (website hidden) nombreux commerces sont situés à proximité, une boulangerie, trois supermarché, un restaurant au pied de la maison, un marché hebdomadaire au pied de l'appartement... Je suis une jeune parisienne depuis toujours, à votre disposition pour vous faire partager mes bonnes adresses et bons plans découverts au fil des années !! 
26911	Un appartement typiquement parisien où vous trouverez tout le confort souhaitable et même + dans un quartier en plein centre, vivant et proche de toutes commodités (shopping, marché, théâtre, cinéma, restaurant, monoprix) tout cela en moins de 2min.	Je vous propose mon logement dans un style chaleureux et contemporain. Un quartier populaire ou vous pourrez trouver tout le nécessaire en bas de l'immeuble. Un quartier très bien desservis et dynamique ou vous vous sentirez très bien. Un appartement typiquement parisien où vous trouverez tout le confort souhaitable et même + dans un quartier en plein centre, vivant et proche de toutes commodités (shopping, marché, théâtre, cinéma, restaurant, monoprix) tout cela en moins de 2min. Accès non restreint. Je suis joignable à tout moment. Et ouvert à prendre un verre pour faire connaissance si vous le souhaitez je peux me faire également tout petit. Une rue calme, un quartier animé ou se trouve un marché, des restaurants merveilleux, des boutiques à la pointe et de la culture à perte de vue. Métro ligne 8 Ledru Rollin ( 1 station de bastille ou 7 min à pied )
26912	Entre une cour arborée et un passage privé il est situé au calme dans le quartier très animé de la Bastille. Il comporte une chambre avec un lit double et salle de bain privative avec baignoire. Pour deux autres voyageurs il y a un lit d'appoint.	A la Bastille, dans une cour arborée, sur 3 niveaux. Au calme, en lumière traversante. Deux salles de bain, une chambre indépendante pour un couple d'amoureux. La Place des Vosges, le Marais, le bassin de l'Arsenal sont accessibles à pieds à 10mn. Entre une cour arborée et un passage privé il est situé au calme dans le quartier très animé de la Bastille. Il comporte une chambre avec un lit double et salle de bain privative avec baignoire. Pour deux autres voyageurs il y a un lit d'appoint. La Bastille, la place des Vosges et le quartier du Marais sont tout près et accessibles à pieds Le marais et le port de l'Arsenal sont accessibles à pied, les nombreuses possibilités de promenades, bars, restaurants, cinémas métro Bastille l'appartement est non fumeur
26913	Bonjour! Nous louons un appartement de 2 pièces comprenant un salon avec un grand canape, une chambre avec un grand lit double, une cuisine équipée (frigo, micro-ondes, machine à café, grille-pain, cuit-vapeur, plaques de cuisson, robot, mini-four, bouilloire, machine à laver le linge, congélateur) et une salle de douche avec WC. L'appartement est très calme, très lumineux, très agréable à vivre. Il est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Il y a également le wifi.  Il est situé dans le 11ème arrondissement, entre République et Bastille, et est très bien désservi par différents métros et bus. Central, beaucoup de choses peuvent également se faire à pied (le marais est situé à environ 10min de marche) Pour le métro : - la 9 (Porte de Montreuil/Pont de Sèvres) à St-Ambroise - la 3 (Galliéni/Pont de Levallois Bécon) à Parmentier ou Rue St-Maur - la 2 (Nation/Porte Dauphine) à Père Lachaise - la 5 (Bobigny Pablo Picasso/Place d'Italie) à Oberkampf ou Richard-Lenoir - la 8 (Créteil-Préfectur	2 pieces a deux pas d'Oberkampf! Si vous aimez le calme et la lumiere, mais qu'en meme temps vous voulz etre pret de tout, cet appartement est fait pour vous! Bonjour! Nous louons un appartement de 2 pièces comprenant un salon avec un grand canape, une chambre avec un grand lit double, une cuisine équipée (frigo, micro-ondes, machine à café, grille-pain, cuit-vapeur, plaques de cuisson, robot, mini-four, bouilloire, machine à laver le linge, congélateur) et une salle de douche avec WC. L'appartement est très calme, très lumineux, très agréable à vivre. Il est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Il y a également le wifi.  Il est situé dans le 11ème arrondissement, entre République et Bastille, et est très bien désservi par différents métros et bus. Central, beaucoup de choses peuvent également se faire à pied (le marais est situé à environ 10min de marche) Pour le métro : - la 9 (Porte de Montreuil/Pont de Sèvres) à St-Ambroise - la 3 (Galliéni/Pont de Levallois Bécon) à Parmentier ou R
26914	Beautiful window along the entire length of the loftHigh ceilingson all the length of the loft. You appreciate a large bedroom with a real kingsize bed, and a wardrobe to hang your clothes. The bathroom has a bath to chill out.  There's everything you'll need in the kitchen to take advantage of your stay. In the rest of the flat you'll find a dining area, a lounge area, a desk with a computer to go on internet and watch TV on it, and lots of plant and nice piece of artwork.	This bright 72 m2 and airy freshly refurbished loft is located between the Marais, Bastille and Oberkampf in a typical artist's quarter. Perfect for a romantic or adventurous time in Paris, you will enjoy the calm and cosy atmosphere. Beautiful window along the entire length of the loftHigh ceilingson all the length of the loft. You appreciate a large bedroom with a real kingsize bed, and a wardrobe to hang your clothes. The bathroom has a bath to chill out.  There's everything you'll need in the kitchen to take advantage of your stay. In the rest of the flat you'll find a dining area, a lounge area, a desk with a computer to go on internet and watch TV on it, and lots of plant and nice piece of artwork. The courtyard that gives access to the loft is private, with a digital entry code at street level We remain at the disposal of our guests. At the limit between the Marais and Oberkampf, and in easy walking distance of Bastille and République, you will be at the very center of Paris, wi
26915	My flat is equipped with two small balconies which is great for smokers or if you want to sunbathe (Two people on each can only stand there as it's small but it's still comfortable and appreciated) The flat is very quiet and light as it offers a vue on Paris roofs (there is not a street but other buildings so there is no car noise) and it faces the southwest. I can accommodate 4 people. 2 in a real bed and I also have to real mattress for you.  	The flat is situation near Voltaire station very close to Bastille, Oberkampf and Republique ! Cosy studio with a separated kitchen, separated bath room, two little balconies, a little living room and a mezzanine bedroom. Very quiet and comfy ! My flat is equipped with two small balconies which is great for smokers or if you want to sunbathe (Two people on each can only stand there as it's small but it's still comfortable and appreciated) The flat is very quiet and light as it offers a vue on Paris roofs (there is not a street but other buildings so there is no car noise) and it faces the southwest. I can accommodate 4 people. 2 in a real bed and I also have to real mattress for you.   Subway Voltaire Line 9 (the closest) Subway Philippe Auguste Line 2 Subway Rue Saint-Maur Line 3 (the farest) Bus (phone number hidden) From the airport you have to take the RER B to GARE DU NORD and then change for the subway line 5 to OBERKAMPF and then take the subway line 9 to VOLTAIRE 
26916	Located on the 4th floor with lift, it boasts a large living room overlooking the street and a quiet room overlooking the interior garden of the residence decorated benches and playground Merchants located around allow a complete supply without difficulty (bakery, supermarket, grocery Italian ...). a large food store occupies the ground floor of the building.	2 rooms on the 4th with elevator located 2 steps from Pere -Lachaise , the Place de la Nation and Bastille. Can accommodate 2 people in a real bed, but an air mattress is available for 2 adults or 2 additional children. Located on the 4th floor with lift, it boasts a large living room overlooking the street and a quiet room overlooking the interior garden of the residence decorated benches and playground Merchants located around allow a complete supply without difficulty (bakery, supermarket, grocery Italian ...). a large food store occupies the ground floor of the building. Guests have access to all my apartment. There is only one room but it is possible in the living room to add an extra bed (air mattress 2 people) if necessary for another 2 adults or 2 children. At first I will be there to welcome you and your departure. But if this is not possible a trusted person will do for me. But I can always be reached on my cell phone for any questions or problems during your stay. The apartm
26917	Nice neighbourood near 11e and Bastille place, easily accessible (métro Nation) and animated. Popular market all wednesday and saturday. 	Nice flat 30m, with big lighting living room with balcony, confortable double  bed, sofa. Separate kitchen full equiped. Bathroom with bath. Dressing room. Wifi. Lift. Really calm.  Nice neighbourood near 11e and Bastille place, easily accessible (métro Nation) and animated. Popular market all wednesday and saturday. 
26918		Very nice duplex close to the center of paris but in a typical building of  Calm and sunny Ligne 8 - Métro Faidherbe Ligne 9 - Métro Rue des Boulets Ligne 1 - Reuilly Diderot 
26919	Très fonctionnel et chaleureux grande chambre un lit 2 places douche avec baignoire très au calme ensoleille exposition Sud  coin cuisine équipe tv il ne manque rien dans ce 26m2 ....double vitrage très silencieux....	2 pièces de 26 m2 tout équipe cosi très calme sur cour double vitrage, 3/4 étage plein sud ... Dans un quartier très vivant , idéalement situé canal saint Martin proche marais et bastille pour visiter paris centre...lit 2 places. Et 1 couchage supplémentaire possible sur canapé. Très fonctionnel et chaleureux grande chambre un lit 2 places douche avec baignoire très au calme ensoleille exposition Sud  coin cuisine équipe tv il ne manque rien dans ce 26m2 ....double vitrage très silencieux.... Métro Republique  J'assure l'accueil  La situation géographique proche canal saint Martin République Bastille et marais. Centre La vie très vivante des restos des cafés et théâtres...  Métro république  Je loue mon Appart car je suis souvent en déplacement ... Celas me permet d'améliorer son aménagement... Et de partager avec d'autre la vis parisienne...j'espère que vous passerai un bon séjour dans la capital. 
26920	We have a spare room in our apartment that we rent.  The room has a double bed, and you have access to the kitchen and bathroom of the apartment.  The apartment has an open view of one side of the Père Lachaise, and another on the Sacred Heart.	We have a spare room in our apartment that we rent.  The room has a double bed, and you have access to the kitchen and bathroom of the apartment.  The accommodation is situated (email hidden)ly district of Paris We have a spare room in our apartment that we rent.  The room has a double bed, and you have access to the kitchen and bathroom of the apartment.  The apartment has an open view of one side of the Père Lachaise, and another on the Sacred Heart. Guests have access to the bathroom, the living room, the toilets and the kitchen. We have a wifi connection. We will be delighted to welcome you and advise you on tours and attractions as you wish.  Do not hesitate to contact us for any additional information. The accommodation is situated (email hidden)ly district of Paris, 15 minutes by walk from the Bastille by the Rue de la Roquette and 10 minutes by walk from Parmentier (Bar night)  The Pere Lachaise Metro station is 3 minutes by walk away and is served by lines 2 and 3, which lead 
26921	Notre appartement est situé dans le 11ème arrondissement, tout proche de Nation, de Bastille, d'Oberkampf et du père Lachaise. Notre duplex est au 1er et au 2ème étage d'un immeuble très calme. Vous pourrez y séjourner à 4 adultes + 1 enfant (lit à barreaux) Vous passerez vos vacances dans un appartement fonctionnel et très agréable, composé de :  Au 1er étage - salon - salle à manger avec deux canapés dont un canapé-lit 2 places, très confortable (matelas de 14cm, comme dans un vrai lit!) - cuisine ouverte très bien équipée (machine à laver et à sécher, lave vaisselle, four, micro-onde, grand frigo, congélateur, robot multifonctions, etc). - salle de bain avec baignoire - toilettes séparées Au 2ème étage :  - 1 chambre adulte (lit 140) très calme, sur cour. - 1 chambre bébé très bien équipée (lit à barreaux jusqu'à 2 ans - table à langer - mobile - tapis de jeu, etc.), très calme également, sur cour ________ Our apartment is located near Bastille, Nation and le Père Lachaise. You'll f	Beau duplex, 2 chambres (1 chambre bébé), salon-salle à manger (canapé-lit), cuisine équipée ouverte. Appartement calme et agréable.  Nice duplex, 2 bedrooms (1 nursery), one double sofa bed, open kitchen. Quiet, pleasant ans functional apartment Notre appartement est situé dans le 11ème arrondissement, tout proche de Nation, de Bastille, d'Oberkampf et du père Lachaise. Notre duplex est au 1er et au 2ème étage d'un immeuble très calme. Vous pourrez y séjourner à 4 adultes + 1 enfant (lit à barreaux) Vous passerez vos vacances dans un appartement fonctionnel et très agréable, composé de :  Au 1er étage - salon - salle à manger avec deux canapés dont un canapé-lit 2 places, très confortable (matelas de 14cm, comme dans un vrai lit!) - cuisine ouverte très bien équipée (machine à laver et à sécher, lave vaisselle, four, micro-onde, grand frigo, congélateur, robot multifonctions, etc). - salle de bain avec baignoire - toilettes séparées Au 2ème étage :  - 1 chambre adulte (lit 140) très c
26922		Très bel appartement situé au cœur de Paris dans un quartier très dynamique.   -3 étages avec 2 grandes chambres  - un salon - une cuisine/bar tout équipée - une salle de bain  - et surtout une magnifique cour extérieure.
26923	Small and cosy studio (21 meters square) in the heart of Paris. Great area, many coffees, bars, restaurants in the street. Close to Bastille, le Marais, Republique. Fully furnished (fridge, oven, washing machine, convertible couch, TV, Internet, etc.) Very clean carpet on the floor. The building/studio are very charming, old but clean.	Nice studio (21 meters square) in the heart of Paris, great and animated street (restaurants, coffee shops, bars, etc.). furnished with all commodities (Internet, TV, oven, boiler, cookers, etc.). Close to Bastille, le Marais, Republique,etc. Small and cosy studio (21 meters square) in the heart of Paris. Great area, many coffees, bars, restaurants in the street. Close to Bastille, le Marais, Republique. Fully furnished (fridge, oven, washing machine, convertible couch, TV, Internet, etc.) Very clean carpet on the floor. The building/studio are very charming, old but clean. If you nee anything, any recommandation about where to go, what restaurant, what museum, etc. I d be more than happy to help you! The area is great, the neighborhood is popular and is sought-after because of its proximity to Bastille, République and le Marais. Many bars, restaurants,  etc. You can have a look on what to do in the area if you follow this link : (website hidden)_dans_quartier_de_charonne-0010um Metro 
26924	Welcome to my apartment !!  This apartment of 53 m2 (570.48 sq ft) as been refurbished recently in a modern style. You will find all the equipments you will need : Wash machine, Dishwasher, microwave, oven, toaster, kettle, Nespresso Machine, Heineken Beertender Machine... The apartment has also all the new technology equipment : high speed WIFI, 2 plasmas with international channels, a music equipment (wireless music with the apple airport or you can plug your player with the jack cable), a wireless printer, WII game machine and a multimedia Hard drive. Situate Boulevard du Temple, you are at the door of the Marais area and you can access to the very center of Paris by foot (hôtel de ville, centre Pompidou, place des vosges, Notre Dame) and experience the parisian life. The apartment is located in the center of Paris, in a very pleasant area of Paris near from a lot of little shops, supermarkets, outdoor food market, restaurants and cafes, that I will make my pleasure to introduce to 	Welcome to my apartment !!  This apartment of 53 m2 (570.48 sq ft) as been refurbished recently in a modern style. You will find all the equipments you will need : Wash machine, Dishwasher, microwave, oven, toaster, kettle, Nespresso Machine, Heineken Beertender Machine... The apartment has also all the new technology equipment : high speed WIFI, 2 plasmas with international channels, a music equipment (wireless music with the apple airport or you can plug your player with the jack cable), a wireless printer, WII game machine and a multimedia Hard drive. Situate Boulevard du Temple, you are at the door of the Marais area and you can access to the very center of Paris by foot (hôtel de ville, centre Pompidou, place des vosges, Notre Dame) and experience the parisian life. The apartment is located in the center of Paris, in a very pleasant area of Paris near from a lot of little shops, supermarkets, outdoor food market, restaurants and cafes, that I will make my pleasure to introduce to 
26925		Bonjour, nous mettons à votre disposition notre appartement qui est situé à mois de 10 min de Nation. Proche de toute commodités ( Metro, marché, site touristique... ). Vous trouverez 2 lits double, un canape convertible. Le wifi en fibre.... ligne 2 station Alexandre Dumas L'appartement est non fumeur.
26926	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi.	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités  plein centre de Paris.  Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout.  Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et four à votre disposition.  2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi. Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y aune grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Je suis souvent en déplacement , mon amie et voisine Sabrina sera là pour vous accueillir et disponible quand vous avez besoin d'elle. Aucun check in & out le samedi ;) Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la rue
26927	Appartement au 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Fifth floor flat with no elevator 	Superbe studio dans un quartier populaire a 3 minutes du métro père Lachaise, idéal pour passer une semaine dans la capitale , supermarché a proximité immédiate avec un fauteuil lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes , très chaleureux. Appartement au 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Fifth floor flat with no elevator Cimetière du père Lachaise ou de célèbres personnalités tels Oscar Wilde  Jim Morrison ou Jean de la Fontaine sont enterrés . Métro ligne 2 ou 3 à la station père Lachaise sortie avenue de menilmontant . Appartement au 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Fifth floor flat with no elevator 
26928	Kitchen: a little folding table for two, fridge, electric cooktops, toaster, water boiler, a little oven and everything necessary for you to cook your french meals! Living room: the white carpet on the ground gives a kick to the cosy atmosphere, you will also find  a TV, a couch for two, a chair, a beanbag and wifi. Bathroom: a little window that gives brightness, a bathtub, washbasin with mirror and a toilet.	You would like to enjoy Paris as a couple or on your own? The Safari apartment will be your cosy nest in which you will be allowed to rest after your long and intensive days in our beautiful capital city of love... Kitchen: a little folding table for two, fridge, electric cooktops, toaster, water boiler, a little oven and everything necessary for you to cook your french meals! Living room: the white carpet on the ground gives a kick to the cosy atmosphere, you will also find  a TV, a couch for two, a chair, a beanbag and wifi. Bathroom: a little window that gives brightness, a bathtub, washbasin with mirror and a toilet. Guests have acces to the entire apartment. We are available via phone and email. La Place de la République, Bastille, Ménilmontant, le Cimetière du Père Lachaise, Belleville, le Marais, et le Canal Saint Martin, ... Métro line 3 Station Saint Maur, line 2 Station Père Lachaise. Bus line 46, service 96. Vélib' near by
26929	Bright and charming modern design, this 42 square meters, 1 bedroom apartment in Paris is ideally located, in the famous Bastille area, between the place de la Bastille and Ledru-Rollin, next to the lively rue de la Roquette . Not far from the Marais area  Place des Voges and the Canal St Martin. Nice trendy shops, boutiques; and open markets with lots of restaurants. Bakery, supermarket, and all other shops are very close to the apartment. The apartment is on the 1st floor of a XX century walk up building  with 2 security codes, and it sleeps up to 5 people if needed, As the living room includes a double + a single couch that converts into beds to sleep up to 3 if needed. The apartment offers unlimited Internet access, FREE TV and unlimited phone to selected areas (including US fix and cell phones for instance). There is authentic hardwood floor everywhere except in the kitchen and bathroom, The bedroom is cozy and reasonably spacious with  a built-in wall closets in the bedroom (that	Bright and charming modern design fully equipped apartment in Paris  ideally located, between the place de la Bastille and Ledru-Rollin, next to the lively rue de la Roquette and rue de Lappe. 1st floor, Internet access, FREE TV and Phone. Bright and charming modern design, this 42 square meters, 1 bedroom apartment in Paris is ideally located, in the famous Bastille area, between the place de la Bastille and Ledru-Rollin, next to the lively rue de la Roquette . Not far from the Marais area  Place des Voges and the Canal St Martin. Nice trendy shops, boutiques; and open markets with lots of restaurants. Bakery, supermarket, and all other shops are very close to the apartment. The apartment is on the 1st floor of a XX century walk up building  with 2 security codes, and it sleeps up to 5 people if needed, As the living room includes a double + a single couch that converts into beds to sleep up to 3 if needed. The apartment offers unlimited Internet access, FREE TV and unlimited phone to
26930	Deux pièces avec un grand salon, cuisine ouverte et deux grandes fenêtres sur la rue. Possibilite dun tres bon matelas d'appoint (Kartell).  Une chambre sur cour au calme.  Salle de bain avec douche a l'italienne.  Draps et serviettes inclus.  Wifi, beaux livres et ma longue liste de bonnes adresses dans le quartier pour les gourmets exigeants !  Ligne 9 (saint ambroise) a 2 minutes, rejoint le quartier d'Opéra en 15 minutes, les Champs Elysees en 20 minutes, le Trocadero et la tour Eiffel en 25 minutes.  Ligne 3 (saint maur) a 2 minutes, rejoint le Marais en 5 minutes, les Halles et le Sentier en 10 minutes Ligne 5 (Richard Lenoir) a 5 minutes, rejoint la gare de l est et la gare du nord en 10 minutes.  Station de vélib en bas de l'appartement	Deux pièces avec un grand salon, cuisine ouverte et deux grandes fenêtres sur la rue. Possibilite dun tres bon matelas d'appoint (Kartell).  Une chambre sur cour au calme.  Salle de bain avec douche a l'italienne.  Draps et serviettes inclus.  Wifi, beaux livres et ma longue liste de bonnes adresses dans le quartier pour les gourmets exigeants !  Ligne 9 (saint ambroise) a 2 minutes, rejoint le quartier d'Opéra en 15 minutes, les Champs Elysees en 20 minutes, le Trocadero et la tour Eiffel en 25 minutes.  Ligne 3 (saint maur) a 2 minutes, rejoint le Marais en 5 minutes, les Halles et le Sentier en 10 minutes Ligne 5 (Richard Lenoir) a 5 minutes, rejoint la gare de l est et la gare du nord en 10 minutes.  Station de vélib en bas de l'appartement Draps et serviettes inclus.  Wifi, beaux livres et ma longue liste de bonnes adresses dans le quartier pour les gourmets exigeants !  Ligne 9 (saint ambroise) a 2 minutes, rejoint le quartier d'Opéra en 15 minutes, les Champs Elysees en 20 minut
26931	The apartement is very bright with an unobstructe view, rare in Paris. It is very large for a Parisian studio with its 44m2. All is organized to give you a feeling of space and serenity ... and feel at home!	"Large, quiet and  luminous 44m2 alcove studio 10 floors over the trees of Pere Lachaise near Bastille-Marais. Close to metro and quick access to all of Paris. Completely equipped for a conforbable stay for 2 to 4 persons. Families welcome !    The apartement is very bright with an unobstructe view, rare in Paris. It is very large for a Parisian studio with its 44m2. All is organized to give you a feeling of space and serenity ... and feel at home! The whole apartment and all equipements are open to guests. I interact with guests as much as my ""working mom"" planning allows ... but I can always be found, or someone I trust. ""Trendy""! In the immediate vicinity, you will enjoy cafes with terasses, retail shops,  an excellent bakery, and typical open markets 2 times a week.  Of course don't forget to visit the ""Pere Lachaise"", and its shaded alleys, or enjoy the nearby park rue de la Roquette loaded with Parisian history. Bastille is a 15 min walk and metro and buses will take you to ""touri"
26932	Our flat is composed of two independant rooms. The living room is open to the balcony above the street (oriented toward the west, a lot of sunlight in the afternoon and evening) ; the bedroom faces a courtyard with a far view on typical parisians tin roofs (oriented toward the east, sun in the morning). Complete silence in the bedroom.  Althoug it is small (300 sq foot), the flat is very functional, with the kitchen and the hallway that separates both rooms and preserves privacy.	Appartment on the 6th and last floor (no elevator) above the parisian roofs. Very comfortable, it offers a perfect base for a romantic stay in Paris. It has two rooms  (leaving room street/bedroom courtyard), beautiful views and is extremely quiet. Our flat is composed of two independant rooms. The living room is open to the balcony above the street (oriented toward the west, a lot of sunlight in the afternoon and evening) ; the bedroom faces a courtyard with a far view on typical parisians tin roofs (oriented toward the east, sun in the morning). Complete silence in the bedroom.  Althoug it is small (300 sq foot), the flat is very functional, with the kitchen and the hallway that separates both rooms and preserves privacy. The entire flat will be available. We are always available through sms or email to answer any questions. Some touristic leaflets and maps are available in the flat. Our neigboorhood is super trendy, with a lot of bars and clubs around. In our street alone, you'll fi
26933	FR-  Charmante studette, idéal pour un couple, située sous les toits de Paris. Après avoir traversé une cour intérieure et monté un escalier en bois, vous découvrez un appartement ensoleillé, à l’abri de l’agitation du quartier de la Nation.  Dans l’esprit des chambres de bonne parisiennes, tout est pensé pour votre confort : kitchenette, salle de bains et toilettes séparés, nombreux rangements, canapé-lit, etc. EN- One room apartment is hidden in the inner yard, protected from the city noise. After taking the red wooden stairs to the 5th floor, you will find the peace and quiet while being in the center of Paris. Everything is made for your comfort - kitchenette (microwaves, hob), bathroom with shower stall, separated toilets, a lot of storage, clic-clac sofa-bed, etc.	Sunny and cosy one room apartment, ideal for 2 people, is situated under the roofs of Paris. It’s hidden in the inner yard. After taking the red wooden stairs, you will find the peace and quiet still being the the center of Paris.
26934	A corridor leads away from the living quarters to your cosy bedroom A single bank bed  A wardrobe with space for your staff  A writing desk  Bath towels At the end of the corridor, a bathroom with shower which will share with an other gust as we rent out two rooms  Breakfast in included, fresh baguette, bread, butter, jam, hot and cold drinks	We rent a pretty private bedroom in a 4 room flat in the grand floor of a very green building unit, away from the street. The room opens on a small green courtyard very quiet and restful. A corridor leads away from the living quarters to your cosy bedroom A single bank bed  A wardrobe with space for your staff  A writing desk  Bath towels At the end of the corridor, a bathroom with shower which will share with an other gust as we rent out two rooms  Breakfast in included, fresh baguette, bread, butter, jam, hot and cold drinks Bedroom and bathroom are private (bathroom shared with other guest) We speak English everyday use and we love our city.  We’ll be so happy to give you tips about the good spots and what to see Located in Paris 11th district, metro Voltaire ligne N° 9, 10 mn walking distance to Bastille and 15 mn to place des Vosges and ile ST Louis  Many shops and the well-know Sunday market on boulevard Richard Lenoir where you can taste ousters at Nevel’s , enjoy exotic dish or
26935	Hello!  We share a warm and spacious bright apartment (parquet, decorative fireplaces in each room) consists of:  - Two bedrooms  - A very bright living room not overlooked  - A fitted kitchen (dishwasher)  - A bathroom with bath (washing machines)  - Separate toilet  - Access by elevator  Your room has a double bed, a sofa and a desk. Sheets and towels are provided.  The apartment is connected to wifi, stocked with books, records and plants.  It is located in the Oberkampf district.	For your convenience, we offer a spacious, bright, in a cozy apartment of 65m2 in the heart of Paris, in a lively district. You can enjoy the large lounge, kitchen, wifi. Hello!  We share a warm and spacious bright apartment (parquet, decorative fireplaces in each room) consists of:  - Two bedrooms  - A very bright living room not overlooked  - A fitted kitchen (dishwasher)  - A bathroom with bath (washing machines)  - Separate toilet  - Access by elevator  Your room has a double bed, a sofa and a desk. Sheets and towels are provided.  The apartment is connected to wifi, stocked with books, records and plants.  It is located in the Oberkampf district. The whole apartment is shared in accordance with each except our room. It will be our pleasure to share meals and tea time with you and all the information you need about the city, its cultural outings. Lively and popular area, Oberkampf full range of restaurants (we will spin the good addresses), concert halls (Bataclan, Nouveau Casino .
26936	Vivez comme un Parisien dans cet appartement conviviale et confortable. Profitez de la vue (7°étage) Accès simple et rapide aux commerces et sites touristiques.  Les supérettes type (Framprix à 5 mn, Simply à 12 mn Monoprix à 12mn) livrent vos courses à partir de 50 € d'achat Le logement Vue toits de Paris, Tour Eiffel.  Le Joli marché d'Aligre à 10 mn pied.  Gare de Lyon à 15 mn à pied Autres remarques Le salon est muni de d'un matela (futon) de 80 X 190   Le quartier APPARTEMENT en plein coeur de Charonne, à seulement 20 minutes à pied du Marais, de la Place des Vosges.  Le quartier de la rue de charonne est  très animés : restaurants, bistros, boutique de fringues, galeries d'art. Vous y trouverez des boutiques comme Isabelle Marant, La Patisserie de Cyril Lignac rue Chanzy et bien d'autres, une vraie vie de quartier la journée comme le soir.  Station Vélib à proximité (découvrez Paris à vélo) A PROXIMITE BASTILLE : 10 minutes à pied de la Bastille et de la ligne 1.  MARAIS :   20 m	Vivez comme un Parisien dans cet appartement convivial et confortable. Profitez de la vue (7°étage) Accès simple et rapide aux commerces et sites touristiques. Vivez comme un Parisien dans cet appartement conviviale et confortable. Profitez de la vue (7°étage) Accès simple et rapide aux commerces et sites touristiques.  Les supérettes type (Framprix à 5 mn, Simply à 12 mn Monoprix à 12mn) livrent vos courses à partir de 50 € d'achat Le logement Vue toits de Paris, Tour Eiffel.  Le Joli marché d'Aligre à 10 mn pied.  Gare de Lyon à 15 mn à pied Autres remarques Le salon est muni de d'un matela (futon) de 80 X 190   Le quartier APPARTEMENT en plein coeur de Charonne, à seulement 20 minutes à pied du Marais, de la Place des Vosges.  Le quartier de la rue de charonne est  très animés : restaurants, bistros, boutique de fringues, galeries d'art. Vous y trouverez des boutiques comme Isabelle Marant, La Patisserie de Cyril Lignac rue Chanzy et bien d'autres, une vraie vie de quartier la journ
26937	The apartment consists in 2 bedrooms, 1 hall, and 1 living room. There is a kitchen and a bathroom as well as a small balcony. Wifi connection. Very nice apartment to stay and discover Paris!	"Hello, Spacious apartment very nice to live in. Nice room in ""Haussmannien"" building next to Republique. To rent for minimum 3 nights. The apartment consists in 2 bedrooms, 1 hall, and 1 living room. There is a kitchen and a bathroom as well as a small balcony. Wifi connection. Very nice apartment to stay and discover Paris! I'm living in one of the rooms. You have access to your room and the rest of the flat except my private room. It's a very nice and safe neighbourhood. There are plenty of restaurants : French, Italians, Indians,... The location of this lovely neighbourhood is perfect to experience Paris by day and night."
26938		Je loue un chambre avec deux lits superposés dans un vaste appartement familial dans le centre de Paris (République). J'occupe l'appartement.
26939	Apartment:  The  apartment is close to République and Bastille kitchen: stove, refrigerator, freezer, microwave oven. All cooking utensils are provided to make you feel as at home. Lounge: flat screen TV, sofa bed, dvd player, radio, internet, tables and chairs. Bathroom: with shower, dryer is provided. DISTRICT: friendly neighborhood  shops and good restaurants near the apartment. Subway near the apartment.  Subway: (phone number hidden) 	Paris11 est situé au centre de Paris, proche de Bastille et de République. Studio tout équipé pour des courts et longs séjours. C'est le lieux idéal pour un couple ou une personne accompagnée.  Métro proche de l'appartement et restaurants autour.  Apartment:  The  apartment is close to République and Bastille kitchen: stove, refrigerator, freezer, microwave oven. All cooking utensils are provided to make you feel as at home. Lounge: flat screen TV, sofa bed, dvd player, radio, internet, tables and chairs. Bathroom: with shower, dryer is provided. DISTRICT: friendly neighborhood  shops and good restaurants near the apartment. Subway near the apartment.  Subway: (phone number hidden) No towels provide Pas de serviettes fournies
26940	Très lumineux, rue calme, propre, sud-ouest. Matelas en convertible de qualité à mémoire de forme, taille du couchage : 140 x 200	Je loue un studio refait à neuf cet été dans le 11ème idéalement situé entre la rue Oberkampf et la place République et a 5 min a pied du marais  I'm renting a flat 1P in the 11th near to Oberkampf / Republique and very close to Marais (5 minutes walk) Très lumineux, rue calme, propre, sud-ouest. Matelas en convertible de qualité à mémoire de forme, taille du couchage : 140 x 200 Quartier est très vivant. Beaucoup de restaurants, de commerces, bars mais l'appartement est situé dans une rue calme. Metro : Parmentier, Oberkampf en priorité (2 minutes)  & Republique, Fille du calvaire donc ligne 3, 5, 8, 9, 11. Nombreux bus à proximité. Depuis l'aéroport : RER B puis ligne 5 à Gare du Nord arrêt oberkampf Location les week-end, vacances scolaires et la totalité de l'été 2015 (juillet & août) For July & august only for more 2 night minimum for practical reasons
26941	Double bed, sofa, TV with cable, Xbox, speakers, full fournished kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and washing machine, terrace with table and electric BBQ. 	I propose you my studio apartment rue de Charonne (best street) near to Bastille and République. There is a wonderful terrace (with a BBQ!), very quiet to have a cafe break or a diner time.
26942	1st floor, no lift. You will appreciate this 2 room apartment, fully renovated in a both modern and warm style. The quality of chosen furniture and accessories gives a comfortable accommodation, with a decoration at the level of the Boulle School located in the neighborhood.  Up to 4 people may sleep up in this apartment, with its real 2 seats bed, its comfortable convertible sofa and a its fully equipped kitchenette.  	"Located on one of the oldest streets of the French capital, which connects Place de la Bastille to Place de la Nation, this functional and stylish apartment will satisfy all types of travelers. 1st floor, no lift. You will appreciate this 2 room apartment, fully renovated in a both modern and warm style. The quality of chosen furniture and accessories gives a comfortable accommodation, with a decoration at the level of the Boulle School located in the neighborhood.  Up to 4 people may sleep up in this apartment, with its real 2 seats bed, its comfortable convertible sofa and a its fully equipped kitchenette.  Facilities: Wi-Fi, flat screen TV, cable, heating The ""Faubourg Saint –Antoine"" is like a hyphen between Bastille and Nation. There is something to see, stroll, shop, snack and dinner on this long street. Free of modern buildings, which increases its charm, the Faubourg is composed of several atmospheres. It had been fpr a very long time the professional area for cabinetmakers and"
26943	Cet appartement de 60m2, chaleureux et bien situé, peut accueillir un couple dans la grande chambre sous combles (1.90m sous plafond), mais aussi deux autres personnes dans le salon ou le bureau. je mets à disposition un canapé lit, ainsi que deux matelas. L'appartement est très lumineux et calme. il est situé au 5ème étage, sans ascenseur.	Bienvenue!  Je vous propose mon chaleureux appartement de 3 pièces, calme et lumineux, et à deux pas de Bastille Welcome !  I am glad to make my cosy appartment available to you. Close to Bastille, it has three rooms, is very bright and quiet Cet appartement de 60m2, chaleureux et bien situé, peut accueillir un couple dans la grande chambre sous combles (1.90m sous plafond), mais aussi deux autres personnes dans le salon ou le bureau. je mets à disposition un canapé lit, ainsi que deux matelas. L'appartement est très lumineux et calme. il est situé au 5ème étage, sans ascenseur. Le quartier de Bastille est très vivant, vous trouverez au pied de l'immeuble tous les commerces dont vous avez besoin, ainsi qu'un très grand choix de restaurants et bars, et bien évidemment l'opéra Bastille! L'accès au logement se fait facilement par le métro Bastille (1, 5, 8), Breguet Sabin (5), ou Voltaire (9)
26944	Lovely place to enjoy your visit in Paris! This is a charming flat of 30 square meters (323 square feet) located in central & safe neighborhood between Nation & Bastille area. The apartment is composed of a living room, american kitchen, bedroom & bathroom.  You could find many cosy bars & restaurants around the area. There is a supermarket just in front of the building (less than 15 meters). Furthermore, you can reach main tourist attractions for less than 15 minutes by metro (Louvre, Notre Dame, Pere Lachaise, etc.). Three minutes walking from metro stations  (Charonne & Alexandre Dumas). The apartment is located in a 4th floor. It is very quiet & bright (no elevator). The flat is entirely equipped & furnished (wireless internet, cable, tv, washing machine, fridge, microwave oven, cooker, iron, PC with internet). Sheets, blankets and towels are supplied. The price can be adjusted depending on the season and the duration. Feel free to contact me if you have any question. I will be gla	Lovely place to enjoy your visit in Paris! This is a charming flat of 30 square meters (323 square feet) located in central & safe neighborhood between Nation & Bastille area. The apartment is composed of a living room, american kitchen, bedroom & bathroom.  You could find many cosy bars & restaurants around the area. There is a supermarket just in front of the building (less than 15 meters). Furthermore, you can reach main tourist attractions for less than 15 minutes by metro (Louvre, Notre Dame, Pere Lachaise, etc.). Three minutes walking from metro stations  (Charonne & Alexandre Dumas). The apartment is located in a 4th floor. It is very quiet & bright (no elevator). The flat is entirely equipped & furnished (wireless internet, cable, tv, washing machine, fridge, microwave oven, cooker, iron, PC with internet). Sheets, blankets and towels are supplied. The price can be adjusted depending on the season and the duration. Feel free to contact me if you have any question. I will be gla
26945	The apartment is very cosy and confortable, and while it is well located, it is also very calm, which is nice in Paris.	Located in the 11th district, nearby Père Lachaise and Voltaire, in an animated are, the apartment is in a very calm residency with a private garden. The room, with a double size bed, can easily host a couple. The apartment is very cosy and confortable, and while it is well located, it is also very calm, which is nice in Paris. You will have access to the bathroom of course, the living room and the American kitchen that is connected to the living room (nice for dinners). And there is a TV, the Internet, the radio... Depending if I am here or not, but I will gladfully answer all the questions you have about Paris and the neighborhood. The neighborhood is very animated: lots of shops and restaurants, especially as you go down the street towards Bastille. And at the same time, it is not too far from the Vincennes park if you want to go for a run or a walk. It is 30 seconds aways from the Alexandre Dumas metro station and 3 min from the Charonne metro station. There are also 2 Vélib (publi
26946	Arty and confortable flat on the center of paris. Close to lots of restaurant and bars. Close to Le Marais, Notre Dame etc. The Subway is Just in front our door. You'll have a confortable double bed in your own room At the 6th floor without lift	Arty and confortable flat on the center of paris. Close to lots of restaurant and bars. Close to Le Marais, Notre Dame etc. The Subway is Just in front our door. You'll have a confortable double bed in your own room Arty and confortable flat on the center of paris. Close to lots of restaurant and bars. Close to Le Marais, Notre Dame etc. The Subway is Just in front our door. You'll have a confortable double bed in your own room At the 6th floor without lift
26947	Votre chambre est située sur la cour, dans un appartement de 52 m2	Votre chambre est située dans un petit appartement calme et chaleureux.  L'appartement de 52 m2 est traversant, donnant sur une impasse et sur une cour. L'été votre chambre bénéficie de la fraîcheur de la cour. Votre chambre est située sur la cour, dans un appartement de 52 m2
26948	The studio is on the 8th floor, has 3 large windows which gives a nice overview on the city. You will be on the other side of the lively rue Oberkampf/Saint-Maur, which makes it bright, relaxing and quiet. There is two elevators, and a guardian to keep the building during the day.	"Casual studio in the center of the real Paris. You will be staying in the lively and trendy heart of Paris. You will enjoy to wake up in a quiet, peaceful flat. Super convinient for where ever you are planning to enjoy Paris. Safe and easy. Enjoy! The studio is on the 8th floor, has 3 large windows which gives a nice overview on the city. You will be on the other side of the lively rue Oberkampf/Saint-Maur, which makes it bright, relaxing and quiet. There is two elevators, and a guardian to keep the building during the day. The studio is  perfectly arranged so you will feel like staying in a little flat rather than a studio. In the entree you will have a big bathroom with tub and toilet. The main-room is kind of divided in two, which makes the ""living-room"" and the ""bed-room"" -part. And the the small kitchen is attached, but you will be able to close the door. In the kitchen you will find all basics, fridge, a small stove, kettle, nespresso machine, laundry machine if needed etc... You"
26949	"Charming bedroom appartement of 35m2 in the heart of Paris. Located just steps from Bastille, lively, and the historic Marais district, this apartment will allow you to relax in a quiet yet close to interesting places of the French capital. Well connected between Voltaire station (M9) and Bastille (M1, M5, M8), a few steps from different supermarkets and many restaurants, your stay will be as pleasant as if you were at home. Apartment on the 1st floor of a very parisian building. Bedroom with king size bed. Nice living room with sofa bed for two more persons, TV with cable and internet. Amenities include electricity, water, gas cooker, washing machine, cable TV, computer, wifi (Free), dvd player and a Nespresso coffee machine. Bathroom with shower. There're ""Petits restos"", bars, cafés, shops, fresh food stores and supermarkets all around."	"This flat is a charming and cosy place in the center of Paris. The closest subway stations are Voltaire and Bastille. The street is very quiet. Charming bedroom appartement of 35m2 in the heart of Paris. Located just steps from Bastille, lively, and the historic Marais district, this apartment will allow you to relax in a quiet yet close to interesting places of the French capital. Well connected between Voltaire station (M9) and Bastille (M1, M5, M8), a few steps from different supermarkets and many restaurants, your stay will be as pleasant as if you were at home. Apartment on the 1st floor of a very parisian building. Bedroom with king size bed. Nice living room with sofa bed for two more persons, TV with cable and internet. Amenities include electricity, water, gas cooker, washing machine, cable TV, computer, wifi (Free), dvd player and a Nespresso coffee machine. Bathroom with shower. There're ""Petits restos"", bars, cafés, shops, fresh food stores and supermarkets all around. Plac"
26950	3e étage, sur cour, l’appartement est très calme tout en étant au cœur d’un quartier animé.  2 pièces  de 35 m2 comprenant un grand séjour, une grande chambre, une cuisine et une salle de bain. Tommettes au sol, poutres apparentes, charme de l’ancien dans un immeuble de la fin du 19e. Séjour : petite table pour diner, canapé pour se relaxer après les visites dans la capitale Chambre : large lit double, armoire, bureau Cuisine équipée : four combiné, cafetière, plaques de cuisson et tout le nécessaire pour la cuisine Vous trouverez aussi du thé et du café pour le matin. Sdb : douche, lavabo, toilettes Drap et serviette fournis Fibre optique et Wifi Lit parapluie, siège bébé à disposition.	3e étage, sur cour, l’appartement est très calme tout en étant au cœur d’un quartier animé.  2 pièces  de 35 m2 comprenant un grand séjour, une grande chambre, une cuisine et une salle de bain. Tommettes au sol, poutres apparentes, charme de l’ancien dans un immeuble de la fin du 19e. Séjour : petite table pour diner, canapé pour se relaxer après les visites dans la capitale Chambre : large lit double, armoire, bureau Cuisine équipée : four combiné, cafetière, plaques de cuisson et tout le nécessaire pour la cuisine Vous trouverez aussi du thé et du café pour le matin. Sdb : douche, lavabo, toilettes Drap et serviette fournis Fibre optique et Wifi Lit parapluie, siège bébé à disposition. Idéalement situé entre République et Oberkampf, à côté du Canal St martin : commerces, bars, resto, cafés, librairies, disquaires, boutiques de créateur… Marché à 2 pas, les mardis et vendredis matin. De nombreuses lignes de métro et bus accessibles à République qui permettent de se déplacer facilement
26951	You're on the edge of the Marais district, 5 minute walking distance from Place de la Bastille et 10 minute walking distance from Place de la République. The perfect place to start a discovering walk ! The cosy small two-roomed apartment is located in a quite private small paved street. Countless fancy bars and restaurants are in the neighbourhood! You will find plenty of transport facilities:  subway lines, buses, local bicycles. Food facilities are really close: a short walking distance (less than 3 minutes) from the apartment you will find a huge food market (on Thurdays and Sundays), two supermarkets, a bakery, a wineshop and many more. Enjoy French fashion by shopping in trendy shops on boulevard Beaumarchais. They are only a minute away from here. Feel like swimming to relax after a long day of visiting ? Not a big deal, there is a swimming-pool in the parallel street. The bed is a futon, it is traditionnal japanese bedding providing firm back support. Last but not least : it's a	Welcome in the heart of Paris! You're on the edge of the Marais district, 5 minute walking distance from Place de la Bastille.  The cosy small two-roomed apartment is located in a quite private small paved street. Enjoy your stay! You're on the edge of the Marais district, 5 minute walking distance from Place de la Bastille et 10 minute walking distance from Place de la République. The perfect place to start a discovering walk ! The cosy small two-roomed apartment is located in a quite private small paved street. Countless fancy bars and restaurants are in the neighbourhood! You will find plenty of transport facilities:  subway lines, buses, local bicycles. Food facilities are really close: a short walking distance (less than 3 minutes) from the apartment you will find a huge food market (on Thurdays and Sundays), two supermarkets, a bakery, a wineshop and many more. Enjoy French fashion by shopping in trendy shops on boulevard Beaumarchais. They are only a minute away from here. Feel 
26952	Weekly rentals in July and August 700€/week Monthly rentals the rest of the year 1500€/month   Very quite and spacious flat, on the ground floor of an atypical building (former carpenter workshop), located between Bastille and Nation in a very lively neighborhood (many restaurants and bars nearby).   The living room opens onto a south facing courtyard and the room opens to another court on the north, overlooking a park.   A 38m2 main room with an open-plan kitchen fully equipped (stove, oven, microwave, freezer, washing machine…), and a coach that can be used as an extra bed as well.   One bedroom with a doublebed (160cm mattress). Internet/wifi, Freebox tv, phone with calls over 100 countries and mobilephones in France Bathroom with separate toilets Electricity fees NOT included in the rent Extra cleaning fees if the flat is not clean before moving out.   5 minutes walking distance from the subway (ligne 8 et 9) Many buses such as 46, 56, 76 and 86 and night buses as well. 20 minutes 	Weekly rentals in July and August 700€/week Monthly rentals the rest of the year 1500€/month   Very quite and spacious flat, on the ground floor of an atypical building (former carpenter workshop), located between Bastille and Nation in a very lively neighborhood (many restaurants and bars nearby).   The living room opens onto a south facing courtyard and the room opens to another court on the north, overlooking a park.   A 38m2 main room with an open-plan kitchen fully equipped (stove, oven, microwave, freezer, washing machine…), and a coach that can be used as an extra bed as well.   One bedroom with a doublebed (160cm mattress). Internet/wifi, Freebox tv, phone with calls over 100 countries and mobilephones in France Bathroom with separate toilets Electricity fees NOT included in the rent Extra cleaning fees if the flat is not clean before moving out.   5 minutes walking distance from the subway (ligne 8 et 9) Many buses such as 46, 56, 76 and 86 and night buses as well. 20 minutes 
26953	Welcome to my studio !  Located in the area Goncourt/Belleville/République, this studio is the perfect location to explore Paris as a local. The building built in 1917 by architect Lucien Lambion is located at the corner of rue Saint Maur and rue du Faubourg du Temple. A multiculturalism place in Paris so expect to find some exoticism, like Chines shops, Arabian shops, very good restaurants, bars, nightlife, lot of supermarkets and a giant open air market ! From $ to $$$... The studio (20 sqm), second floor with elevator has a bathroom with a big shower, a bed for two (140 cm), WIFI, Hifi, a kitchen (microwave, oven, expresso machine). Its very bright with its two large windows and have a amazing view on the corner two floors down. It can be a little bit noisy due to the street activity, an inconvenient for some or an advantage, depends of what you like. Take your camera it's life everywhere ! There is 3 Metro Stations nearby : Goncourt line 11, République station line 3/5/8/9, Bellevi	Welcome to my studio !  Located in the area Goncourt/Belleville/République, this studio is the perfect location to explore Paris as a local. The building built in 1917 by architect Lucien Lambion is located at the corner of rue Saint Maur and rue du Faubourg du Temple. A multiculturalism place in Paris so expect to find some exoticism, like Chines shops, Arabian shops, very good restaurants, bars, nightlife, lot of supermarkets and a giant open air market ! From $ to $$$... The studio (20 sqm), second floor with elevator has a bathroom with a big shower, a bed for two (140 cm), WIFI, Hifi, a kitchen (microwave, oven, expresso machine). Its very bright with its two large windows and have a amazing view on the corner two floors down. It can be a little bit noisy due to the street activity, an inconvenient for some or an advantage, depends of what you like. Take your camera it's life everywhere ! There is 3 Metro Stations nearby : Goncourt line 11, République station line 3/5/8/9, Bellevi
26954	Welcome home ! APPARTMENT : This is a cosy and quiet two rooms flat, in the 1st floor with the windows opening on a small court (no street loud) The biggest room contains a bar with 2 chairs, a couch, a modular table and a kitchen with all you need. The bedroom is with a comfy 2 persons bed (new mattress) The bathroom contains a elegant bathtube that you will enjoy after a long day walking in Paris. AROUND: You will live in a very pleasant part of Paris with all you need very near : three supermarkets 1 minute walking, bakeries and a typical market twice a week at 50 meters from the flat and a small park just in front the entry door. You will also find lot of cool bars and restaurants around. TRANSPORT: 3 minutes walking to metro Oberkampf (lines 5 and 9) 10 minutes walking to metro Republique (lines (phone number hidden) minutes walking to Bastille 15 minutes walking to Place des Vosges And the drop in-off bike system just in front of the flat ! To resume, if you want to live in the h	Welcome home ! APPARTMENT : This is a cosy and quiet two rooms flat, in the 1st floor with the windows opening on a small court (no street loud) The biggest room contains a bar with 2 chairs, a couch, a modular table and a kitchen with all you need. The bedroom is with a comfy 2 persons bed (new mattress) The bathroom contains a elegant bathtube that you will enjoy after a long day walking in Paris. AROUND: You will live in a very pleasant part of Paris with all you need very near : three supermarkets 1 minute walking, bakeries and a typical market twice a week at 50 meters from the flat and a small park just in front the entry door. You will also find lot of cool bars and restaurants around. TRANSPORT: 3 minutes walking to metro Oberkampf (lines 5 and 9) 10 minutes walking to metro Republique (lines (phone number hidden) minutes walking to Bastille 15 minutes walking to Place des Vosges And the drop in-off bike system just in front of the flat ! To resume, if you want to live in the h
26955	 **Special rental: from march 2015 to august 2015, price and conditions, contact me** The appartment is mine, which I rent sometimes. So you have all commodities from a real appartment, to cook, books, but also clothes of mine and some food in the fridge, as I do leave there the rest of the time. It's not meant to be unpersonal, like in an hotel. If you don't like it this way (going actually to someone) you should go to another place or to the hotel.  It's situated on the 5th floor without lift. It has windows on two sides which are upon two courtyards, so no street noise, just birds and it's sunny.  Parisian old style.  It's 10 min by feet from Bastille, 15 min from Oberkampf, 15 min from Père Lachaise, 20 min from the Marais.  By bike, about 5-10 min.  It's my appartment so you'll find the average convenience: Internet, Wifi, possibility to cook and I can give you tips about Paris.  I'm french, I do also speak and write german better than english I'm looking forward to rent it for a 	 **Special rental: from march 2015 to august 2015, price and conditions, contact me** The appartment is mine, which I rent sometimes. So you have all commodities from a real appartment, to cook, books, but also clothes of mine and some food in the fridge, as I do leave there the rest of the time. It's not meant to be unpersonal, like in an hotel. If you don't like it this way (going actually to someone) you should go to another place or to the hotel.  It's situated on the 5th floor without lift. It has windows on two sides which are upon two courtyards, so no street noise, just birds and it's sunny.  Parisian old style.  It's 10 min by feet from Bastille, 15 min from Oberkampf, 15 min from Père Lachaise, 20 min from the Marais.  By bike, about 5-10 min.  It's my appartment so you'll find the average convenience: Internet, Wifi, possibility to cook and I can give you tips about Paris.  I'm french, I do also speak and write german better than english I'm looking forward to rent it for a 
26956	A 31 metres squared studio apartment in the bustling area of Oberkampf (11th sector near the 3 th sector). The Apartment boasts hard wood floors, three windows facing in two directions (allowing sun to enter at all times of the day), a fully equiped kitchen and a large wardrobe. A large flatscreen television with stand, queen sized bed and a wooden bookcase are included with the property, however if you do not need these furnishings they can be removed. The entrance hall separates the bathroom (shower, toilet, basin etc) from the living/ bedroom and the kitchen is connected, yet separate from the main room, allowing this studio apartment to retain a sense of space. The kitchen is fully equipped with all you need ( Really except oven.but microwave!) A laundry is available in front of your home to wash your clothes if needed.(3.50 $) Oberkampf is well connected by metro and bus, located centrally between Repulique and Bastille. Oberkampf has a wide variety of restaurants and bars to keep	A 31 metres squared studio apartment in the bustling area of Oberkampf (11th sector near the 3 th sector). The Apartment boasts hard wood floors, three windows facing in two directions (allowing sun to enter at all times of the day), a fully equiped kitchen and a large wardrobe. A large flatscreen television with stand, queen sized bed and a wooden bookcase are included with the property, however if you do not need these furnishings they can be removed. The entrance hall separates the bathroom (shower, toilet, basin etc) from the living/ bedroom and the kitchen is connected, yet separate from the main room, allowing this studio apartment to retain a sense of space. The kitchen is fully equipped with all you need ( Really except oven.but microwave!) A laundry is available in front of your home to wash your clothes if needed.(3.50 $) Oberkampf is well connected by metro and bus, located centrally between Repulique and Bastille. Oberkampf has a wide variety of restaurants and bars to keep
26957	Lovely little house in the heart of Paris, situated in a courtyard off a picturesque street, just a stone's throw from the Place des Vosges and the bustle of the Bastille. One bedroom duplex with open plan kitchen/living/dining on the ground floor that opens out on to green private terrace (15m2) and guest washroom with a washing machine. Beautiful stone staircase leads up to second floor which has small library loft, bathroom, with bathtub and a bedroom with a big closet. The entire second floor opens has a second private terrace (9 m2). Customized furniture offers a desk space and a tv with cable and wifi internet. The neighborhood is close to great shopping (even open on Sundays, which is rare for Paris), food and nightlife, as well as national museums and close to public transportation. Within 10 minutes walk, you can enjoy the Picasso Museum, or stand in front of the gorgeous Notre Dame. The kitchen is well equipped with everything you might need to pick up something at the wonder	A tranquil courtyard home in the heart of the bustling Marais district awaits you. The duplex is nestled in a charming courtyard with a garden and first floor terrace. Ideal for families and pet owners. A home away from home.   Lovely little house in the heart of Paris, situated in a courtyard off a picturesque street, just a stone's throw from the Place des Vosges and the bustle of the Bastille. One bedroom duplex with open plan kitchen/living/dining on the ground floor that opens out on to green private terrace (15m2) and guest washroom with a washing machine. Beautiful stone staircase leads up to second floor which has small library loft, bathroom, with bathtub and a bedroom with a big closet. The entire second floor opens has a second private terrace (9 m2). Customized furniture offers a desk space and a tv with cable and wifi internet. The neighborhood is close to great shopping (even open on Sundays, which is rare for Paris), food and nightlife, as well as national museums and cl
26958	Ce charmant deux pièces, se compose d'une grande pièce à vivre avec canapé, piano, table basse pour la café et d'une table haute pour vous régaler, d'une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (plaque à induction deux feux, four, four à micro-ondes, cafetière, grille-pain, lave vaisselle...) d'une grande chambre et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC et machine à laver.  L'appartement est également équipé d’une chaîne stéréo avec station d’accueil pour Iphone ou Ipod, d'un vidéo projecteur pour regarder vos DVD sur écran géant, d’une connexion internet-Wifi et d’un téléphone à partir duquel on peut joindre gratuitement les lignes fixes de plus d’une centaine de pays. L'immeuble est sécurisé : digicode, interphone. Local vélo disponible. Nous sommes dans une rue calme et paisible au centre de Paris.  Situé dans un quartier vivant et cosmopolite, il est à quelques pas du métro (station Oberkampf, Fille du calvaire, République) . En plein coeur de la capitale, vous serez à deux pas du cél	Ce charmant deux pièces, se compose d'une grande pièce à vivre avec canapé, piano, table basse pour la café et d'une table haute pour vous régaler, d'une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (plaque à induction deux feux, four, four à micro-ondes, cafetière, grille-pain, lave vaisselle...) d'une grande chambre et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC et machine à laver.  L'appartement est également équipé d’une chaîne stéréo avec station d’accueil pour Iphone ou Ipod, d'un vidéo projecteur pour regarder vos DVD sur écran géant, d’une connexion internet-Wifi et d’un téléphone à partir duquel on peut joindre gratuitement les lignes fixes de plus d’une centaine de pays. L'immeuble est sécurisé : digicode, interphone. Local vélo disponible. Nous sommes dans une rue calme et paisible au centre de Paris.  Situé dans un quartier vivant et cosmopolite, il est à quelques pas du métro (station Oberkampf, Fille du calvaire, République) . En plein coeur de la capitale, vous serez à deux pas du cél
26959		Cute apartment in the 11th, near Republique and Bastille.
26960	Between La Bastille and Nation, a very quiet and luminous apartment (two bedrooms, very spacious living-room,  modern kitchen) on the fourth floor with lift. Apartment suitable for a family. METRO : FAIDHERBE - CHALIGNY ( M 8)  or CHARONNE    ( M 9) or REUILLY - DIDEROT ( M 1) Many buses going to Montparnasse (96), Saint-Germain-des-prés (86), Hôtel de ville (76) or Gare du Nord (46) Walking on the faubourg Saint-Antoine, La Bastille is at 15 or 20 minutes. Faubourg Saint-Antoine is a very important avenue in east of Paris, many shops, an historical borough of craft people.  The neighborhood is very pleasant : Rue Faidherbe, Faubourg Saint-Antoine... Shopping and residential area with many bars, restaurants and a very popular food market (Marché Aligre). Many families live in the area but there is also a real night life. Parents bedroom : 140 cm wide bed  Children bedroom : 120 cm wide bed. If it's necessary, we can put a second bed ( 80cm wide) in children bedroom. I live in this appa	Between La Bastille and Nation, a very quiet and luminous apartment (two bedrooms, very spacious living-room,  modern kitchen) on the fourth floor with lift. Apartment suitable for a family. METRO : FAIDHERBE - CHALIGNY ( M 8)  or CHARONNE    ( M 9) or REUILLY - DIDEROT ( M 1) Many buses going to Montparnasse (96), Saint-Germain-des-prés (86), Hôtel de ville (76) or Gare du Nord (46) Walking on the faubourg Saint-Antoine, La Bastille is at 15 or 20 minutes. Faubourg Saint-Antoine is a very important avenue in east of Paris, many shops, an historical borough of craft people.  The neighborhood is very pleasant : Rue Faidherbe, Faubourg Saint-Antoine... Shopping and residential area with many bars, restaurants and a very popular food market (Marché Aligre). Many families live in the area but there is also a real night life. Parents bedroom : 140 cm wide bed  Children bedroom : 120 cm wide bed. If it's necessary, we can put a second bed ( 80cm wide) in children bedroom. I live in this appa
26961	Welcome in the nicest 'quartier' of Paris: the 11th arrondissement and our appartement that is located right in the middle of it: at Rue de Charonne.  When you enter the house you'll find the bathroom on your right side (with a bath), straight on the bedroom (with a huge double bed, dressingroom and french balcony) and on the left the living room and kitchen. The living room is situated on the street side so it gives you a nice view on the daily life of the 'Parisiens'. The kitchen has coffee/tea facilities, a fridge, a microwave, one electric stove and a toaster. You can eat and work at the large table. The appartment is further equiped with all modern needs like a hairdryer, DVD-player, wireless internet, playstation3, Home theater  projector etc. If you are travelling with a third person you can transform the sofa as a bed d'appoint for 1 person. The house is very bright and there is sunlight coming in all day (something that is rare in Paris). So you can have your coffee while enjo	Welcome in the nicest 'quartier' of Paris: the 11th arrondissement and our appartement that is located right in the middle of it: at Rue de Charonne.  When you enter the house you'll find the bathroom on your right side (with a bath), straight on the bedroom (with a huge double bed, dressingroom and french balcony) and on the left the living room and kitchen. The living room is situated on the street side so it gives you a nice view on the daily life of the 'Parisiens'. The kitchen has coffee/tea facilities, a fridge, a microwave, one electric stove and a toaster. You can eat and work at the large table. The appartment is further equiped with all modern needs like a hairdryer, DVD-player, wireless internet, playstation3, Home theater  projector etc. If you are travelling with a third person you can transform the sofa as a bed d'appoint for 1 person. The house is very bright and there is sunlight coming in all day (something that is rare in Paris). So you can have your coffee while enjo
26962		Such a beautiful place to enjoy Paris like a local.
26963	Au 3em étage avec ascenseur	M9 -Voltaire M2- Philippe Auguste
26964	Welcome home! It's a 48 sqm (520 sqf) 1BR apartment, with a double bed, spacious kitchen/dining room, comfortable living room, bathroom with tub & washing machine. 4 windows facing South overlooking a lovely courtyard, 4th floor with elevator. Wifi & ethernet ADSL connections, multimedia speakers, free landline calls to many countries. It's located in one of the best neighborhoods of Paris : diverse, trendy, excellent bars & restaurants... and very central. Close to Oberkampf, canal Saint Martin, le Marais & Belleville. Please note that this is a non-smoking flat. 	Welcome home! It's a 48 sqm (520 sqf) 1BR apartment, with a double bed, spacious kitchen/dining room, comfortable living room, bathroom with tub & washing machine. 4 windows facing South overlooking a lovely courtyard, 4th floor with elevator. Wifi & ethernet ADSL connections, multimedia speakers, free landline calls to many countries. It's located in one of the best neighborhoods of Paris : diverse, trendy, excellent bars & restaurants... and very central. Close to Oberkampf, canal Saint Martin, le Marais & Belleville. Please note that this is a non-smoking flat. 
26965	APARTMENT In the heart of the Charonne neighbourhood, 15 minutes walk from the Marais, this 200 sq. meter industrial-style loft with exposed art deco beams designed by architects is located in a beautiful old typical Parisian paved courtyard with flower gardens. Bright and calm, with very large windows looking onto a tastefully decorated courtyard, the loft consists of a main living room with an equipped American-style kitchen, two bedrooms, an office, two bathrooms, two toilets, and a large shower. Dimensions of the bed: king size = 160x200cm.This loft was created in 2012! EQUIPMENT: - Fully equipped kitchen. - Bedroom 1: high quality with large king zize 160cm * 200cm. - Bedroom 2: high quality with large king zize 140cm * 200cm. - Bedroom 3: 140cm* 200cm - Bathroom: Large shower, sink, men's toilet, hairdryer ? Internet, TV, music, washing machine and dryer, fully equipped kitchen. AREA: The Charonne street neighborhood area is very lively at night with many restaurants, clothing st	APARTMENT In the heart of the Charonne neighbourhood, 15 minutes walk from the Marais, this 200 sq. meter industrial-style loft with exposed art deco beams designed by architects is located in a beautiful old typical Parisian paved courtyard with flower gardens. Bright and calm, with very large windows looking onto a tastefully decorated courtyard, the loft consists of a main living room with an equipped American-style kitchen, two bedrooms, an office, two bathrooms, two toilets, and a large shower. Dimensions of the bed: king size = 160x200cm.This loft was created in 2012! EQUIPMENT: - Fully equipped kitchen. - Bedroom 1: high quality with large king zize 160cm * 200cm. - Bedroom 2: high quality with large king zize 140cm * 200cm. - Bedroom 3: 140cm* 200cm - Bathroom: Large shower, sink, men's toilet, hairdryer ? Internet, TV, music, washing machine and dryer, fully equipped kitchen. AREA: The Charonne street neighborhood area is very lively at night with many restaurants, clothing st
26966	CHARMING STUDIO IN CENTRAL PARIS IN THE HEART OF THE 11TH DISTRICT LOVELY PARISIAN STYLE STUDIO LOCATED IN THE CENTER OF PARIS IN THE 11TH ARRONDISSEMENT IN THE HEART OF THE TRENDY AREA OF OBERKAMPF / PARMENTIER AT A FEW MINUTES’ WALK FROM REPUBLIQUE, BASTILLE, PERE LACHAISE, LE  MARAIS, ET LE CANAL SAINT MARTIN. The studio is located at the corner of Avenue de la République and Rue Oberkampf. The street is quiet and safe while being in a very trendy and lively area with plenty of bars, restaurants, shops ... At a  few minutes walking  from the canal saint martin, you can stroll on the banks of the river seine and stop for a coffee on a terrace overlooking the canal, the well known café  “Chez Prune” for example. The apartment is located less than 5 minutes’ walk from 3 supermarkets and 4 metro stations and many shops in the street are open late in the night. there are 3 public parkings at less than 500 metres.  The apartment is clean, quiet, well fit out and cozy, decorated in Parisia	CHARMING STUDIO IN CENTRAL PARIS IN THE HEART OF THE 11TH DISTRICT LOVELY PARISIAN STYLE STUDIO LOCATED IN THE CENTER OF PARIS IN THE 11TH ARRONDISSEMENT IN THE HEART OF THE TRENDY AREA OF OBERKAMPF / PARMENTIER AT A FEW MINUTES’ WALK FROM REPUBLIQUE, BASTILLE, PERE LACHAISE, LE  MARAIS, ET LE CANAL SAINT MARTIN. The studio is located at the corner of Avenue de la République and Rue Oberkampf. The street is quiet and safe while being in a very trendy and lively area with plenty of bars, restaurants, shops ... At a  few minutes walking  from the canal saint martin, you can stroll on the banks of the river seine and stop for a coffee on a terrace overlooking the canal, the well known café  “Chez Prune” for example. The apartment is located less than 5 minutes’ walk from 3 supermarkets and 4 metro stations and many shops in the street are open late in the night. there are 3 public parkings at less than 500 metres.  The apartment is clean, quiet, well fit out and cozy, decorated in Parisia
26967	Plenty of well known cafes, bars, restaurants in this street and nearby such as the famous Hotel du Nord or the extremely popular Le Comptoir General.  Plenty of room for 2 people to stay. A comfortable large double bed. Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, stove, oven, fridge and all kitchen utensils. Bathroom with toilet and great shower! The apartment is on the second floor, facing the courtyard and is nice and quiet.  The large main room can be closed off from the entrance, kitchen and bathroom. The room has been partitioned with a bar area where you can sit and eat or a proper dining table is also available. The other side of the bar is the lounge/bed (website hidden), wireless internet, towels and linen provided. No smoking allowed in the apartment.  Very well located close to public transport. 5minute walk at Goncourt metro (line 11) or 8 minute walk to Republique (lines 3,5,8,9,11). Plenty of buses around Republique as well. Other metros nearby are Belleville (lines 2,11) 10m	Fantastic location in one of Paris' most trendy areas. One street away from Canal Saint Martin, a great place to picnic and people watch when the weather is nice. Plenty of well known cafes, bars, restaurants in this street and nearby such as the famous Hotel du Nord or the extremely popular Le Comptoir General.  Plenty of room for 2 people to stay. A comfortable large double bed. Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, stove, oven, fridge and all kitchen utensils. Bathroom with toilet and great shower! The apartment is on the second floor, facing the courtyard and is nice and quiet.  The large main room can be closed off from the entrance, kitchen and bathroom. The room has been partitioned with a bar area where you can sit and eat or a proper dining table is also available. The other side of the bar is the lounge/bed (website hidden), wireless internet, towels and linen provided. No smoking allowed in the apartment.  Very well located close to public transport. 5minute walk at Goncour
26968	Cute, clean and functional studio of 15m2 in excellent location with great view of Paris and loads of sunshine. It's quite basic with a large single bed (capable of sleeping two people), a clean equipped kitchen area, new fridge, basic bathroom with shower, bedding and a towel are provided.  There is wifi provided which is normally very fast. There is plenty of storage for food, clothes and luggage. There are some more things in the apartment than you see in the photos like more kitchen stuff and the coolest blue door door you'll ever see! It is in a great neighborhood with loads of bars, restaurants, organic and regular supermarkets meters away, a lovely park 50 meters away which is calm and quiet and not over crowded to find silence and get some sunshine, an outdoor market nearby every Tuesday and Friday where you can find everything from organic produce to wind up alarm clocks. There also is a new large library meters away as well.  There is access to three different metro lines (Pa	Cute, clean and functional studio of 15m2 in excellent location with great view of Paris and loads of sunshine. It's quite basic with a large single bed (capable of sleeping two people), a clean equipped kitchen area, new fridge, basic bathroom with shower, bedding and a towel are provided.  There is wifi provided which is normally very fast. There is plenty of storage for food, clothes and luggage. There are some more things in the apartment than you see in the photos like more kitchen stuff and the coolest blue door door you'll ever see! It is in a great neighborhood with loads of bars, restaurants, organic and regular supermarkets meters away, a lovely park 50 meters away which is calm and quiet and not over crowded to find silence and get some sunshine, an outdoor market nearby every Tuesday and Friday where you can find everything from organic produce to wind up alarm clocks. There also is a new large library meters away as well.  There is access to three different metro lines (Pa
26969	We are a young thirty-year-of couple et we would really happy  to get you enjoying our beautiful flat located in the 11th district of Paris. We have refurbished it at new 6 months ago. Located in the center of Paris ( district Oberkampf/Timbaud/Saint Maur), at the 3rd level (with elevator) of a typical buiding of the 30th made of red brick , our flat of high standing, offers a trendy and relaxing atmosphere. We are going to live in Bruxelles for few months, so  we rent our flat for a long period. (minimum 1 month) The price include everything. Decorated in a vintage style (Scandinavian and industrial), it gives onto a atypical courtyard industrial, green and luminous  that will insure your tranquility  The flat (40m2) is composed by two rooms  which included: - a bedroom with a very confortable bed -An American kitchen fully equipped : oven, induction hot plate, fridge, freezer, washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso… -A living room with flat screen television (150 channels with at lea	Our flat, 2 rooms is perfect to live like a parisian durong few months. Welcoming, trendy and cosy, it’s ideally located: in the heart of in vogue Parisian neighborhoods  and closed to many metro stations which will take  you quickly to all unmissable places. The flat have a large bedroom with dressing and a loung with a fully equipped kitchen. The price include everything :  internet, electricity,house keeper (2 times in a month) We are a young thirty-year-of couple et we would really happy  to get you enjoying our beautiful flat located in the 11th district of Paris. We have refurbished it at new 6 months ago. Located in the center of Paris ( district Oberkampf/Timbaud/Saint Maur), at the 3rd level (with elevator) of a typical buiding of the 30th made of red brick , our flat of high standing, offers a trendy and relaxing atmosphere. We are going to live in Bruxelles for few months, so  we rent our flat for a long period. (minimum 1 month) The price include everything. Decorated in a 
26970		Charmant studio de 23m2, situé au 1ère étage d'un immeuble, dans un petit passage du 11ème arrondissement. Quartier dynamique, nombreux commerces, bar, restaurants et transports à proximité. Entièrement équipé. Idéal pour séjour court et long.
26971	The apartment includes 1 large living room, 2 BRs, 2 bathroom and 1 fully equipped kitchen (	This ~860sqm furnished and fully equipped apartment 
26972	"This is a fully furnished 30m2 place to rent (about 322 square feet) for 2 people. Nice and quiet area and great location as this is not too far from Bastille wich is a very livened up area and you will find all the restaurants and bars to enjoy your evening.  Proximity to metro bastille (1,5,8 subway line) wich is around 5 minutes walk and Voltaire (9 subway line) wich is around 3 minutes walking distance (very easy to move all around Paris from there) And if you prefer to walk around, it's a short walking distance from ""le marais"" or ""le père lachaise"" The apartment (one large room) is located on the 3rd floor overlooks a very quiet courtyard .There is no lift. You will have WIFI internet / Cable TV on Flat screen TV / wash-machine / dishwasher / Microwave / Oven / Stoves /  And even a bath to relax you after a long day in Paris is available  All shops are around bastille and Voltaire. There is one bakery in the street (5 minutes walking distance) Please respect  the neighbors : don'"	"This is a fully furnished 30m2 place to rent (about 322 square feet) for 2 people. Nice and quiet area and great location as this is not too far from Bastille wich is a very livened up area and you will find all the restaurants and bars to enjoy your evening.  Proximity to metro bastille (1,5,8 subway line) wich is around 5 minutes walk and Voltaire (9 subway line) wich is around 3 minutes walking distance (very easy to move all around Paris from there) And if you prefer to walk around, it's a short walking distance from ""le marais"" or ""le père lachaise"" The apartment (one large room) is located on the 3rd floor overlooks a very quiet courtyard .There is no lift. You will have WIFI internet / Cable TV on Flat screen TV / wash-machine / dishwasher / Microwave / Oven / Stoves /  And even a bath to relax you after a long day in Paris is available  All shops are around bastille and Voltaire. There is one bakery in the street (5 minutes walking distance) Please respect  the neighbors : don'"
26973	Our apartment is situated in the 11th arrondissement, next to the Bastille area and not far from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. It is a typical 50m2 parisian apartment that we decorated in a modern style. It has a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom, toilets, a living room and a kitchen with washing machine, dish washer... It is very bright and cozy, and ideal for romantic dinners with its distant view on the Eiffel Tower. It can accommodate up to 4 persons : we have a very confortable queen size bed in the bedroom and an inflatable mattress for two. We would recommend 2 adults and 2 kids, or 3 adults for a more comfortable (website hidden) and wireless Internet are also available (no computer). The apartment is situated on the 6th floor but there is an elevator.  The area is quiet but is just a few blocks from Paris night life, You will find restaurants, cafés, bars and shops within a walking distance. The apartment is ideally situated to visit Paris. The nearest métro stati	Our apartment is situated in the 11th arrondissement, next to the Bastille area and not far from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. It is a typical 50m2 parisian apartment that we decorated in a modern style. It has a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom, toilets, a living room and a kitchen with washing machine, dish washer... It is very bright and cozy, and ideal for romantic dinners with its distant view on the Eiffel Tower. It can accommodate up to 4 persons : we have a very confortable queen size bed in the bedroom and an inflatable mattress for two. We would recommend 2 adults and 2 kids, or 3 adults for a more comfortable (website hidden) and wireless Internet are also available (no computer). The apartment is situated on the 6th floor but there is an elevator.  The area is quiet but is just a few blocks from Paris night life, You will find restaurants, cafés, bars and shops within a walking distance. The apartment is ideally situated to visit Paris. The nearest métro stati
26974	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Bastille neighborhood with this newly refurbished 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in few steps, 3 metro stations are close by, few bus lines as well to make you feel like a real Parisian. On the 3rd floor overlooking a green and florish inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction cooktops, combined microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home. The high quality sofa bed will provide you a great comfort for your sleep at the end of the day. The bedroom/Bathroom : It offers a large bed (160x200) a working space, a close dressing and a separate bathroom with a large shower. The 	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Bastille neighborhood with this newly refurbished 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in few steps, 3 metro stations are close by, few bus lines as well to make you feel like a real Parisian. On the 3rd floor overlooking a green and florish inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction cooktops, combined microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home. The high quality sofa bed will provide you a great comfort for your sleep at the end of the day. The bedroom/Bathroom : It offers a large bed (160x200) a working space, a close dressing and a separate bathroom with a large shower. The 
26975	"One bedroom cosy flat with good location in the center of Paris. 40sqm + a small terrace 7sqm. Last private flight of stairs leading to the flat (4th and last floor),  One living room, small yet practical open kitchen, one bedroom with a bed for 2 persons, Possibility of welcoming a child with a baby bed and / or a single matress in the alcove separated from the living room with 2 ranks of curtains. Bathroom in pink marble with a bath and toilets. Quiet neighborhood with two great food markets 4 times a week very close (200m and 400m), and all necessities very close by (Supermarket, bakeries, restaurants, bars etc.). (email hidden) walk from Pere Lachaise famous cemetery, very good connection to the very center : 10-15mn with subway (2 different lines, each at 4mn walk) or bus 76. Bicycle station ""vélib"" to rent at 100m. You will enjoy the ""village"" lifestyle of this charming and safe neighborhood, a great place to relax and rest from noisy walking days of sightseeing.  I will be delig"	"One bedroom cosy flat with good location in the center of Paris. 40sqm + a small terrace 7sqm. Last private flight of stairs leading to the flat (4th and last floor),  One living room, small yet practical open kitchen, one bedroom with a bed for 2 persons, Possibility of welcoming a child with a baby bed and / or a single matress in the alcove separated from the living room with 2 ranks of curtains. Bathroom in pink marble with a bath and toilets. Quiet neighborhood with two great food markets 4 times a week very close (200m and 400m), and all necessities very close by (Supermarket, bakeries, restaurants, bars etc.). (email hidden) walk from Pere Lachaise famous cemetery, very good connection to the very center : 10-15mn with subway (2 different lines, each at 4mn walk) or bus 76. Bicycle station ""vélib"" to rent at 100m. You will enjoy the ""village"" lifestyle of this charming and safe neighborhood, a great place to relax and rest from noisy walking days of sightseeing.  I will be delig"
26976	"APARTMENT INFORMATION: charming three-room flat, 60 square meters (646 feet square) apartment for 4 people at the 4th floor with elevator and a garden view in a very quiet street. NEIGHBORHOOD: This apartment is very well located, in the bourgeois bohemian district of Paris (the 11th district). Close to the historic Place de la Bastille where is the famous Opera de Paris. The district is known for its good french restaurants and trendy shops and also its bars where you can drink a glass of wine in terrace at night. Many stores are close to the apartment: bakery, butchery, supermarket and especially the « Marché d’Aligre » one of the most typical open air market in Paris. TRANSPORTS Subways : ""Faidherbe - Chaligny"" (line 8), ""Charonne"" (line 9) and Reuilly-Diderot    (line 1) Buses : line 86 (Saint Germain des près), line 76 (Musée du Louvre), line 46 TWO BEDROOMS:  with a double bed (140) and a double bed (130) BATHROOM: bath, shower, hair dryer. SEPARATE WC. Also provided: sheets and "	"APARTMENT INFORMATION: charming three-room flat, 60 square meters (646 feet square) apartment for 4 people at the 4th floor with elevator and a garden view in a very quiet street. NEIGHBORHOOD: This apartment is very well located, in the bourgeois bohemian district of Paris (the 11th district). Close to the historic Place de la Bastille where is the famous Opera de Paris. The district is known for its good french restaurants and trendy shops and also its bars where you can drink a glass of wine in terrace at night. Many stores are close to the apartment: bakery, butchery, supermarket and especially the « Marché d’Aligre » one of the most typical open air market in Paris. TRANSPORTS Subways : ""Faidherbe - Chaligny"" (line 8), ""Charonne"" (line 9) and Reuilly-Diderot    (line 1) Buses : line 86 (Saint Germain des près), line 76 (Musée du Louvre), line 46 TWO BEDROOMS:  with a double bed (140) and a double bed (130) BATHROOM: bath, shower, hair dryer. SEPARATE WC. Also provided: sheets and "
26977	Apart from me, there are 3 very friendly French girls who live in the apartment, all very happy to give you advice and tips on the best things to do in Paris to make your trip as perfect as possible! Communal areas include a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and spacious living room. The apartment is located within walking distance of the beautiful Marais district. There are dozens of great bars and restaurants in the area and the Picasso museum is just a 10 minute stroll away!  There's a metro station 30 seconds from the front door so getting around this incredible city is no problem!	A great, comfortable and well-kept room located in the most vibrant part of central Paris. Apart from me, there are 3 very friendly French girls who live in the apartment, all very happy to give you advice and tips on the best things to do in Paris to make your trip as perfect as possible! Communal areas include a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and spacious living room. The apartment is located within walking distance of the beautiful Marais district. There are dozens of great bars and restaurants in the area and the Picasso museum is just a 10 minute stroll away!  There's a metro station 30 seconds from the front door so getting around this incredible city is no problem!
26978		Hello folks ,I rent sometimes my appartement , it is located in the 11th arrondissement
26979	WITH THE RER In, AND THE LINES OF SUBWAY 1,2, 6, 9. SHOPPING, MUSEUMS, VISITS and MONUMENTS - Paris is in your feet... Peace, comfort and luminosity. Charming studio in the Parisian CHIC of 26m ² for 2 persons. Calm down, modern, functional and comfortable. Completely redone in nine in 2012. In the 1st floor (on 4) without elevator in a secure and residential, quiet and brilliant building with its three windows double south full glazing on raised yard. Very well ordered and totally equipped for nine. - Quality service(performance), materials up-market (black granite work plan(work-top), tub of shower and ceramic bowl, wc suspended). - Small functional and pleasant kitchen. - Wall cupboard with dishes(crockery), cloths, place mats, etc.... - Patch with induction, washes dishes(crockery). - The products of 1st necessity shall allow you to begin a pleasant Parisian stay (salt peppers, vinegar, oil, cleaning products, etc.). - A wall cupboard is totally dedicated to you. - A wall cupboard 	Shopping, museums, visits and monuments are in your feet. Ideal place in the heart of romantic Paris. WITH THE RER In, AND THE LINES OF SUBWAY 1,2, 6, 9. SHOPPING, MUSEUMS, VISITS and MONUMENTS - Paris is in your feet... Peace, comfort and luminosity. Charming studio in the Parisian CHIC of 26m ² for 2 persons. Calm down, modern, functional and comfortable. Completely redone in nine in 2012. In the 1st floor (on 4) without elevator in a secure and residential, quiet and brilliant building with its three windows double south full glazing on raised yard. Very well ordered and totally equipped for nine. - Quality service(performance), materials up-market (black granite work plan(work-top), tub of shower and ceramic bowl, wc suspended). - Small functional and pleasant kitchen. - Wall cupboard with dishes(crockery), cloths, place mats, etc.... - Patch with induction, washes dishes(crockery). - The products of 1st necessity shall allow you to begin a pleasant Parisian stay (salt peppers, vin
26980	PLEASE DO NOT BOOK WITHOUT WRITING ME FIRST Beautiful modern and light filled duplex apartment (70m², 753 sq.ft), situated on the fourth and last floor (with elevator) of a traditional parisian building, right in the heart of the trendy Bastille neighborhood. Amazing central location, at just 5 minutes walking distance from the magnificent Place des Vosges in the Marais district, and close to several subway and bus lines allowing you to go anywhere quickly in Paris. Right outside the building: an excellent bakery, several supermarkets, the famous Bastille outdoor food market and countless good restaurants, coffee shops and bars, art galleries, shops and movie theaters. The apartment, entirely refurbished in November 2010, can sleep up to 4 people with a large double bed on the mezzanine (that can be split into two single beds) and a comfortable pull out couch in the living-room. Amenities: -Fully equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, coffee machine, toaster, k	PLEASE DO NOT BOOK WITHOUT WRITING ME FIRST Beautiful modern and light filled duplex apartment (70m², 753 sq.ft), situated on the fourth and last floor (with elevator) of a traditional parisian building, right in the heart of the trendy Bastille neighborhood. Amazing central location, at just 5 minutes walking distance from the magnificent Place des Vosges in the Marais district, and close to several subway and bus lines allowing you to go anywhere quickly in Paris. Right outside the building: an excellent bakery, several supermarkets, the famous Bastille outdoor food market and countless good restaurants, coffee shops and bars, art galleries, shops and movie theaters. The apartment, entirely refurbished in November 2010, can sleep up to 4 people with a large double bed on the mezzanine (that can be split into two single beds) and a comfortable pull out couch in the living-room. Amenities: -Fully equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, coffee machine, toaster, k
26981	Well located on  BASTILLE AREA All infos on that web site (website hidden) 2 bedrooms 1 queen size 1 double bed possibility to have 2 more sleeping on double bed couch in sitting room… extra charge 50 euros when stay is less than a week. 50 euros extra charge also for cleaning .Very confortable Perfect location in the center of Paris to discover all parisian monuments, sites and museums and to experience parisian life, close to everything (shops, supermarkets, outdoor food market, restaurants and cafés, art galleries, subway and bus lines, taxi and bicycle rental Vélib system stations...). Located in the trendy and lively Bastille neighborhood (11th arrondissement) the building is few minutes walking distance from the graceful Place des Vosges and Marais district. The apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. 	Real center of Paris , a lot of activity  cros the street you have the metro station Well located on  BASTILLE AREA All infos on that web site (website hidden) 2 bedrooms 1 queen size 1 double bed possibility to have 2 more sleeping on double bed couch in sitting room… extra charge 50 euros when stay is less than a week. 50 euros extra charge also for cleaning .Very confortable Perfect location in the center of Paris to discover all parisian monuments, sites and museums and to experience parisian life, close to everything (shops, supermarkets, outdoor food market, restaurants and cafés, art galleries, subway and bus lines, taxi and bicycle rental Vélib system stations...). Located in the trendy and lively Bastille neighborhood (11th arrondissement) the building is few minutes walking distance from the graceful Place des Vosges and Marais district. The apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi Also provided : Bed linens, Blank
26982	A fantastic apartment (18 m2) in the heart of Paris (11th district) ideally situated for the Bastille / République / Oberkampf triangle. These lively and trendy areas are all easily reached on foot, and offer pubs, clubs and restaurants for all tastes. The apartment is on the ground floor of a small building with only six homes and is set back from the road, offering peace and quiet after a day's visit. It's a calm haven within the heart of Paris where you hear birds instead of cars. The metro Saint-Ambroise (line 9) is literally just outside, with Oberkampf and RIchard Lenoir (line 5) a mere 3 minute walk and St-Sébastien Froissart (line 8) only 6 minutes walk. All offer easy access to the whole of Paris and it's many sites such as the Eiffel Tower, River Boats, Museums, Montmartre, Louvre... as well as it's gastronomique delights. There are 5 supermarkets close by, all easily reached on foot - 23Franxprixs, each 2 minutes away, a Casino at 5 minutes and a Monoprix at 6 minutes. A cho	A fantastic apartment for couple in the heart of Paris (11th) ideally situated for the Bastille / République / Oberkampf triangle. These lively and trendy areas are all easily reached on foot, and offer pubs, clubs and restaurants for all taste. A fantastic apartment (18 m2) in the heart of Paris (11th district) ideally situated for the Bastille / République / Oberkampf triangle. These lively and trendy areas are all easily reached on foot, and offer pubs, clubs and restaurants for all tastes. The apartment is on the ground floor of a small building with only six homes and is set back from the road, offering peace and quiet after a day's visit. It's a calm haven within the heart of Paris where you hear birds instead of cars. The metro Saint-Ambroise (line 9) is literally just outside, with Oberkampf and RIchard Lenoir (line 5) a mere 3 minute walk and St-Sébastien Froissart (line 8) only 6 minutes walk. All offer easy access to the whole of Paris and it's many sites such as the Eiffel 
26983		'  Between Nation and Republic bus stop and metro line 9 are at the foot \ 's building.  \ N \ n  '
26984		Deux pièces lumineux près de Bastille, Cuisine ouverte, parquet, balcon.
26985		Cosy apartment ideally located in the golden triangle Nation-Republique-Bastille. Close to all shops, restaurants and transportation (line 9). You will enjoy a good deal and will be able to live as a true parisian does!
26986		"Metro ligne 3 ""Rue Saint Maur"" Metro ligne 3 ""Rue Saint Maur"""
26987	"*** NEW HIGH-SPEED WIFI CONNECTION *** Situated mere steps from Menilmontant and Père-Lachaise Cemetery, the apartment has a double bed, a  bathroom and a sweet living space.  Washer, hair dryer, fridge, microwave and mixer included, along with a nespresso machine. There are many cafes, restaurants, and coffee shops nearby including the famous Rooftop bar ""Le Perchoir"". Line 3 and 2 of the Metro is only 2 blocks away. There is a Velib station down my place and several buses that we'll get you anywhere in Paris. You can walk to Père-Lachaise, the resting place of Edith Piaf, Marcel Proust, Oscar Wilde, Sarah Bernhardt, Gertrude Stein and Jim Morrison. Bellevile (Brooklyn of Paris) is a stone's throw from the apartment. The area between the Marais, Ménilmontant, and République is 3 stops (website hidden)'s the perfect place for couples... You can check in and check out whenever you want. Just make sure to let me know your plans beforehand. I cant't guarantee I'll be around to spend time "	"It is a 30m2 fully renovated in 2013 / 2nd floor. It has a cosy living room and bedroom (double bed).  And very well situated :  - 1 min walk to get to line 2 and 3 station - 15 min walk to Republique, Pere Lachaise - Restaurants and bars *** NEW HIGH-SPEED WIFI CONNECTION *** Situated mere steps from Menilmontant and Père-Lachaise Cemetery, the apartment has a double bed, a  bathroom and a sweet living space.  Washer, hair dryer, fridge, microwave and mixer included, along with a nespresso machine. There are many cafes, restaurants, and coffee shops nearby including the famous Rooftop bar ""Le Perchoir"". Line 3 and 2 of the Metro is only 2 blocks away. There is a Velib station down my place and several buses that we'll get you anywhere in Paris. You can walk to Père-Lachaise, the resting place of Edith Piaf, Marcel Proust, Oscar Wilde, Sarah Bernhardt, Gertrude Stein and Jim Morrison. Bellevile (Brooklyn of Paris) is a stone's throw from the apartment. The area between the Marais, Méni"
26988		studio 30 m2 tout confort  Proche métro voltaire et Opéra Bastille dans rue calme mais quartier bien vivant  
26989		Enjoy Paris for a few days in this lovely flat near Bastille and Gare de Lyon. 26m2
26990	Charme de l ancien. Entièrement rénové.  Immeuble très calme et presentant beaucoup de cachet. Une chambre avec un lit double et un canapé lit très confortable largeur matelas de 110 cm.	Cet appartement est central et au calme. Intégralement rénové, charme de l'ancien alliant équipements modernes, douillet et typiquement parisien. Vous accéderez à tous les quartiers intéressants de Paris en un saut de métro depuis la place Voltaire. Charme de l ancien. Entièrement rénové.  Immeuble très calme et presentant beaucoup de cachet. Une chambre avec un lit double et un canapé lit très confortable largeur matelas de 110 cm. Quartier dynamique avec de nombreux  bars et restaurants sympathiques, abordables et de qualité.  Vie de quartier avec des commerces variés et proposants d excellents produits (primeurs,  charcutiers, boulangers).  Desservi par la ligne de metro 8 (2 min a pied depuis voltaire) et par la ligne 2 (7 min a pied depuis père lachaise). Très nombreux bus.
26991		This appartement take place in the middle of a arabic quarter.  It is in the middle of 3 quarter, Buttes Chaumont, Le Pére Lachaise and République.
26992	Typical Paris haussmannian flat in the heart of the bustling 11th district, St-Ambroise / St-Maur/Parmentier, very convenient to explore Paris and to experience a proper Parisian life. Lots of restaurants and trendy bars in the neighborhood Oberkampf / Parmentier. The flat has stunning view on a quiet public garden. 15 min walk to Bastille, 20 min walk to Le Marais, 20 min metro to Chatelet, 30 min metro to the Louvre. Closest Metros: St-Ambroise line 9 and St-Maur line 3. Public bicycle service 'Vélib' at the corner (1,7 € for 30 min)= 10 min ride to Le Marais The 54 sq mt flat (2 rooms) is on the 3rd floor with no lift. Your room is small but cosy and well organized with a very comfortable double bed size 140 cm. The 38m2 living room with trees has this arty feeling that makes it so special, as well as the garden view. You can accomodate 1 person in the sofa of the living room (real bed) and one aditionnal matress is available for temporary stay. The separated kitchen has a washing m	Typical Paris haussmannian flat in the heart of the bustling 11th district, St-Ambroise / St-Maur/Parmentier, very convenient to explore Paris and to experience a proper Parisian life. Lots of restaurants and trendy bars in the neighborhood Oberkampf / Parmentier. The flat has stunning view on a quiet public garden. 15 min walk to Bastille, 20 min walk to Le Marais, 20 min metro to Chatelet, 30 min metro to the Louvre. Closest Metros: St-Ambroise line 9 and St-Maur line 3. Public bicycle service 'Vélib' at the corner (1,7 € for 30 min)= 10 min ride to Le Marais The 54 sq mt flat (2 rooms) is on the 3rd floor with no lift. Your room is small but cosy and well organized with a very comfortable double bed size 140 cm. The 38m2 living room with trees has this arty feeling that makes it so special, as well as the garden view. You can accomodate 1 person in the sofa of the living room (real bed) and one aditionnal matress is available for temporary stay. The separated kitchen has a washing m
26993	Agréable 2 pièces, avec tout ce dont vous avez besoin: lit 2 places, cafetière à dosettes, wi-fi, télévision, baignoire, machine à laver/sèche-linge...	Situé dans un passage typique, au cœur d'un quartier dynamique (proche Bastille et Marché d'Aligre, 1/4 d'heure à pied du Marais), notre appartement bénéficie d'un calme absolu (sur cour). Clair et cosy, il est baigné de lumière au soleil couchant. Agréable 2 pièces, avec tout ce dont vous avez besoin: lit 2 places, cafetière à dosettes, wi-fi, télévision, baignoire, machine à laver/sèche-linge... Tout le logement: séjour/cuisine, chambre salle de bain/WC Nous laissons à disposition les serviettes de bain. Vous pouvez stocker vos aliments au réfrigérateur mais merci de ne pas vider nos réserves (aliments ou boissons). Sel, poivre, huile et autres condiments sont bien sûr à votre disposition. La vaisselle est mis à disposition également et petit électroménager (type grille-pain) sont là pour vous servir. Merci juste de faire comme chez vous et de ne pas détériorer. Quartier calme tout proche de l'effervescence de la rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine. Shopping, balades, restaurants, bars, so
26994	A nice 30m2 flat in the 11th, near Bastille. It's located in a quiet street, near all commodities (supermarket, restaurants, bars, bakery, etc.). 	"A nice 30m2 flat in the 11th, near Bastille.  It's located in a quiet street, near all commodities (supermarket, restaurants, bars, bakery, etc.).  2 minutes walking from ""métro Saint Maur"", 5 mins from ""métro Saint Ambroise"" and ""métro Père Lachaise"
26995	Salon ensoleillé avec cuisine ouverte toute équipée (four, micro onde, plaques induction, cafetière Nespresso). Long balcon donnant sur jardin. 3 chambres : chambre 1 avec lit double 160, chambre 2 pour enfants avec lits superposés, chambre 3 avec canapé lit futon (couchage 2 personnes) et téléviseur. Salle de douche à l'italienne, salle de bain avec baignoire, wc séparé. 	Salon ensoleillé avec cuisine ouverte toute équipée (four, micro onde, plaques induction, cafetière Nespresso). Long balcon donnant sur jardin. 3 chambres : chambre 1 avec lit double 160, chambre 2 pour enfants avec lits superposés, chambre 3 avec canapé lit futon (couchage 2 personnes) et téléviseur. Salle de douche à l'italienne, salle de bain avec baignoire, wc séparé.  Calme et bon vivre ... Près du merveilleux marché d'Aligre et proches d'excellents commerces et restaurants que nous sauront vous indiquer. Pratique d'accès, proche des quartiers Bastille, Père Lachaise, Oberkampf, République, Nation.  Station Rue des Boulets (métro 9) à 1 minute à pied Métro 1, 8 et RER A Nation à 5 minutes. Nombreux bus Stations de vélib à 100m
26996		"Logement pratique et bien agencé de 30m2, lumineux et calme, bien situé dans le centre, quartier agréable et vivant. Idéal pour un couple ou deux amis! well laid out, 30 square meters, bright and full furnished. Well located, close to ""le marais"". Will be around for any help ! Bastille is very well located in paris, it's a very lively area. Very close (5min)  to ""le marais""  where you have a lot of famous fashion, design and food shops. A lot of galleries and museums as the Picasso's. There is the famous huge and awesome Bastille Opera, 2 minutes walking. You can visit the Famous Victor Hugo house at the lovely ""place des Vosges"". You will be 4 stations away from the center of Paris, or 15 minutes walking. There is a hidden and famous vintage cocktails bar in front of my building and a very calm terrace just next to my door. There is the only port of paris 2 minutes walking, this is very charming and unexpected when you discover it for the first time, and this means that the Seine is v"
26997	Appartement au charme unique, décoré avec noblesse et soucis de conserver un espace aéré et lumineux. Disponible toute l´année.	"5 minutes walk to Bastille column. Bright and spacious 807 sq.ft (75m2) apartment located Rue Crozatier, very closed to the colorful ""marché d´Aligre"" in the XII arrondissement in Paris. Big livingroom, nice original scandinavian 50´s furnitures, oak. Full american equiped kitchen. Two big rooms, one with single room and the other one with big king size bed. Perfect for your vacation in Paris."
26998	It's a charming Artist Studio with high ceiling of 55 square meters, extremely calm and with beautiful light, bedroom, bathroom and dressing are on the mezzanine ( 1 big bed for two and a 1 bed for 1 person), it's a beautiful place to live, it's calm and you can use the little courtyard if you want to have a drink or dinner outside. The Studio is located in a Passage in the east of central Paris. The loft is located between 2 subway stations : Rue des Boulets (l.9) and Nation (l.9,2,6, 1 and RER A). You're 20 mn walk away from Bastille and barely more from le Marais. You have a velib' station opposite the building and two main bus stations (l.56) going to Place de la République and St Germain des Près (l.86) There are plenty of nice shops in the area : 5 or 10 min walk - cheese shop, bakery, butcher, organic store, wine stores etc ... - and the great and cheap Marché d'Aligre if you're in the mood for cooking. And should you feel like going for coffee: the Pure Café stands on the other	Charming and rare high ceiling loft of 55 square meters, extremely calm and clear, with a mezzanine, separate bathroom with toilet and bath, open kitchen, in a little courtyard in a Passage in the east of central Paris. It's a charming Artist Studio with high ceiling of 55 square meters, extremely calm and with beautiful light, bedroom, bathroom and dressing are on the mezzanine ( 1 big bed for two and a 1 bed for 1 person), it's a beautiful place to live, it's calm and you can use the little courtyard if you want to have a drink or dinner outside. The Studio is located in a Passage in the east of central Paris. The loft is located between 2 subway stations : Rue des Boulets (l.9) and Nation (l.9,2,6, 1 and RER A). You're 20 mn walk away from Bastille and barely more from le Marais. You have a velib' station opposite the building and two main bus stations (l.56) going to Place de la République and St Germain des Près (l.86) There are plenty of nice shops in the area : 5 or 10 min walk 
26999	Apartment 2 rooms - 26 m2 (2 people)  - One bedroom with a double bed 120cm (recent and very comfortable beds), dressing has made available  - 1 living room with armchairs and table for your meal  - A kitchen area with fridge, induction hob, extractor, microwave oven, dishwasher, coffee machine (Nespresso), kettle, toaster  - A bathroom with shower and toilet, washing machine and dryer.  Bed linen and towels are provided.	"This two-bedroom apartment, ideally located, is a few minutes walk from the Bastille, Pere Lachaise Cemetery, and less than 100 meters from the ""Voltaire"" metro.  Comfortable and fully equipped, you will have a pleasant stay in Paris! Apartment 2 rooms - 26 m2 (2 people)  - One bedroom with a double bed 120cm (recent and very comfortable beds), dressing has made available  - 1 living room with armchairs and table for your meal  - A kitchen area with fridge, induction hob, extractor, microwave oven, dishwasher, coffee machine (Nespresso), kettle, toaster  - A bathroom with shower and toilet, washing machine and dryer.  Bed linen and towels are provided. Everything ! Available to share by email and phone before, and of course, during the stay. Ideally located, the apartment is just few minutes walk from Bastille and Pere Lachaise Cemetery.  It is between ""Rue de la Coquette"" and ""Rue de Charonne"", two blocks ""connected"" with many small bars and restaurants.  Less than 100 meters from the"
