31500		The charming, inviting living room features ceiling plasterwork, parquet floors and a marble fireplace. This apartment is on the second floor and there is no elevator in the building. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. Located on a quiet, residential side street in Montmartre, the Tourlaque apartment is literally surrounded by the artistic heritage of Paris. It is bounded on one side by the former studio of Toulouse Lautrec. On another side there is the Cite des Fusains, which housed artists such as Forain, Poulbot, Renoir, Willette and more. The third side is bounded by the Cimetiere de Montmartre, a final resting place of many leading French poets, writers, artists, and historic figures. Some people who are buried there include Dalida, Alexandre Dumas, Stendhal, Edgar Degas and Hector Berlioz. The Artist's Corner apartment has a neighbourhood cafe just steps from its front door as well as a green gro
31501	Very nice 1 bedroom flat located in Paris city center (5 minute walking distance from Montmartre) The flat is cosy, calm, and bright. It was entirely renovated by an interior designer. The access to the apartment is secured with a digicode. Its size is just perfect for 2 persons visiting Paris. The apartment is 26 square feet and very well equipped. 	Nice studio in the center of Paris, close to Montmartre, fully equiped. Can welcome 2 guests. 1 room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with a shower. Very nice 1 bedroom flat located in Paris city center (5 minute walking distance from Montmartre) The flat is cosy, calm, and bright. It was entirely renovated by an interior designer. The access to the apartment is secured with a digicode. Its size is just perfect for 2 persons visiting Paris. The apartment is 26 square feet and very well equipped. There is a large living room including a couch (that opens up into a 2 persons bed), a television, internet access, an electrical double bed (140x190, the bed goes up and down thanks to a switch and enables more space during the day in the apartment when you do not need it), a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, microwave, oven, washing machine, etc), a bathroom with a shower. The price includes:  sheets, towels, heating, hairdryer, kitchen equipment, wifi access and TV access. . The neighborhood is ve
31502	Charming 2 rooms renovated  Comfortable and fully furnished in small Parisian building  Ideal for couples	2 room apartment renovated - 2 stairs from Le Sacré Coeur. Charming 2 rooms renovated  Comfortable and fully furnished in small Parisian building  Ideal for couples Bustling quarter with shops, bars and restaurants Metro : ligne 12 , 4 & 2 Bus : 80 & Montmartrobus 7 nights minimum 50€  extra cost for the check in/out on Sunday and Special Day Off 
31503		Chambré  pour  deux  personnes  avec  armoire  et télé  dans un appartement  1 ère  étage  avec  ascenseur  à  5 min  de Montmartre sacré coeur  je vais  avec  mais deux enfants  de 7 et 4 ans je série  ravie  de vous accueillir  chez  moi à  bientôt
31504	43m2 	This apartment is waiting for you, fully equipped (WIFI, wahser...).  Located between the Rue Lepic and Rue des Abbesses, it is in the heart of Paris. The shops are down, and the subway in 5 min walk.
31505	Cosy and quiet apartment in parisian building behind Montmartre. Fully renovated on January 2015 and now ready to welcome you !	My apartment is brand new, the living room with the sofa-bed and kitchen are great (there is a dish washer too!); the bedroom is comfortable and has big double bed. It's located on the 3rd floor on the interior courtyard, so it's very quiet.       Cosy and quiet apartment in parisian building behind Montmartre. Fully renovated on January 2015 and now ready to welcome you ! I'm use to welcome guests from all over the world and always do my best to make their stay unforgettable ! Neighborhood is great around Jules Joffrin métro stop with the Rue du Poteau for food market and restaurants ; and of course you can go to Montmartre on foot (around 10 min walk) ! Famous bakery just down my building (prize of the best pastries of Paris in 2014) ! Métro 12 : Jules Joffrin Métro 4 : Marcadet-Poissonniers I'll be happy yo welcome you and to give you some tips to visit Paris ! There is no picture of the sofa-bed open yet, but it can easily welcome a 3rd guest !
31506		Adorable Studio en plein coeur de Montmartre avec vue sur le parc du Sacré Coeur.  Equipé : Cuisine, lave linge, salle de bain, tourne disque vinyl, et raquettes de ping pong ! Metro Abbesses, Barbes, Anvers
31507	Most representative pictures will soon be online! Ideal for a family 1 large bedroom with a double bed, spacious living-dining room with a real sofa bed 140 x 200, fitted kitchen, bathroom with shower, moldings, parquet floor, entirely renovated by an architect , contemporary furnishings. Comfort equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, Internet. Bed linen, dishes, towels are provided. There is also a hairdryer. request a baby cot can be installed. Coffee and tea are provided on arrival.	Spacious and quiet apartment in Haussmann building overlooking a pretty private road, near Montmartre and a small vegetated courtyard. Ideal for a family stay: 1 large bedroom and in the living room a true convertible. Most representative pictures will soon be online! Ideal for a family 1 large bedroom with a double bed, spacious living-dining room with a real sofa bed 140 x 200, fitted kitchen, bathroom with shower, moldings, parquet floor, entirely renovated by an architect , contemporary furnishings. Comfort equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, Internet. Bed linen, dishes, towels are provided. There is also a hairdryer. request a baby cot can be installed. Coffee and tea are provided on arrival. Served by 6 bus lines (phone number hidden) -Montmartrobus), 3 nearby metro stations (Jules Joffrin - Marcadet Poissonniers - Lamarck Caulaincourt) In the area: daily market, shops open late, several restaurants (French cuisine foreign) We are always available to help!
31508		The apartment is well located, close to many tourist places and shopping malls to walk to them. ASK FOR AVAILABILITY Appartement très bien situé, proche des endroits touristique et de nombreux commerces. RENSEIGNEZ-VOUS SUR SA DISPONIBILITÉ
31509		2 pièces 40 m2 au coeur du 18ème, dans un immeuble calme, entre les métros Marcadet-Poissoniers (lignes 4 et 12) et Jules Joffrin (ligne 12). Chambre avec lit double, salon, petite cuisine équipée et sdb. Nombreux livres à dispo. Pas de télé. Wifi.
31510		Modern renovated. Zen decoration  50 sqm. Big Living, coach ,  dinner table, TV + web, Double bed ,  Kitchen Breakfast table,    washing machine, bathroom;  dressing. Min 15 days. 10 min walk from Montmartre. Subway Line 12 downstairs. Flee Market
31511	We offer for rent our apartment of 45 sqm. Located in a beautiful old building, this apartment consists of a cozy living room with double sofa bed, a large bedroom with a  very comfortable Queen -size bed, a bathroom and separate WC and a fully equipped bright kitchen .	Beautiful 45 sqm apartment in a beautiful old building . It consists of a cozy living room, a large bedroom, a separate bathroom and toilet as well as a fully equipped kitchen . Bright, quiet and tastefully decorated . We offer for rent our apartment of 45 sqm. Located in a beautiful old building, this apartment consists of a cozy living room with double sofa bed, a large bedroom with a  very comfortable Queen -size bed, a bathroom and separate WC and a fully equipped bright kitchen . This apartment, tastefully decorated , also has a washing machine, a TV and wireless internet. For visitors, we also speak English and Spanish perfectly. This accommodation is located in the 18th district of Paris, between the lively shopping district of Jules Joffrin, which offers a variety of local shops, bars and restaurants, and the 'flea market'  behind the Clignancourt's gate . The apartment is located less than 5 minutes walk from 2 metro lines and has a bus stop right in front. Possibility to choo
31512		Close to the Canal Saint-Martin and the Jaurès area, in a lively and hipster neighborhood, the flat is quiet and cosy, with a beautiful view on the Sacré-Coeur and the Eiffel Tower, just 200 meters from the Stalingrad subway station (metro line 2,5,7).  Sixth floor, 23m2, sleeping room separated, office, television, washing-machine, outdoor table and chairs, coffee, wifi, tele.  This flat has been refurbished and designed by an architect in 2013.  Everything you'll need is inside.
31513	My little paradise is at the 6th floor of a 7-storey  building. No overlooked, only Montmarte and the sun above. The big thing as you must guest is the light, the calm, and the view. It's what made me fall in love with it : love at first sight as you may say. It's 30 square meters i bought 2 months ago. This flat has 2 rooms (1 bedroom for 2 people), an opened kitchen and a shower room.	Very well located in Paris, i would love you to be my first guest  ! The flat is near Rue du Poteau, behind the lovely Montmartre you can admire from the balcony. Cosy and sweet, hope you'll enjoy as much as i do. My little paradise is at the 6th floor of a 7-storey  building. No overlooked, only Montmarte and the sun above. The big thing as you must guest is the light, the calm, and the view. It's what made me fall in love with it : love at first sight as you may say. It's 30 square meters i bought 2 months ago. This flat has 2 rooms (1 bedroom for 2 people), an opened kitchen and a shower (website hidden), wifi, washing machine, towels, soap, hairdryer are provided. Ask me anything i would have forgotten here :) Hope the sun will be there too  for you !  I really hope to get to meet you up and get to explain you a bit of the 18e, a great part of Paris. Please don't hesitate to send me messages if you need any information. I would love to help. The neighborhood is so different if you 
31514	The flat is a typical « Haussmanian » one with wooden floor, ceilings decorated with mouldings. It's a spacious flat (1076 sq feet - 100m2) with a nice view on a charming park. It's a very bright flat.  It is located on a quiet wooded square. It is located on the fourth floor. It consists of two rooms, each accommodating 2 people. We will leave a cot in the apartment (and a changing table if necessary). The 2 bedrooms are independent and separate (non-contiguous). One of them has direct access to the bathroom (also accessible through another door), the other a water point (sink in a small adjoining laundry). The rooms each have a double bed. The flat has a bathroom (shower, bath), separate toilet and a kitchen equipped with oven, gas hob, fridge, coffee maker, kettle, etc. A washing machine is available. Towels will be available upon arrival. The flat has wifi, a TV with a large bouquet of international channels, printer. We can also leave a stroller available. Ideal for a family with 	Nice room in a two-bedroom flat (1076 sq feet) in Paris 18th arrondissement, close to Montmartre. The flat is a typical « Haussmanian » one with wooden floor, ceilings decorated with mouldings. It's a spacious flat (1076 sq feet - 100m2) with a nice view on a charming park. It's a very bright flat.  It is located on a quiet wooded square. It is located on the fourth floor. It consists of two rooms, each accommodating 2 people. We will leave a cot in the apartment (and a changing table if necessary). The 2 bedrooms are independent and separate (non-contiguous). One of them has direct access to the bathroom (also accessible through another door), the other a water point (sink in a small adjoining laundry). The rooms each have a double bed. The flat has a bathroom (shower, bath), separate toilet and a kitchen equipped with oven, gas hob, fridge, coffee maker, kettle, etc. A washing machine is available. Towels will be available upon arrival. The flat has wifi, a TV with a large bouquet of
31515		Hello, I put my 24m² studio to rent my vacation time and / or my business trips. Located near Montmartre , it is composed of a living kitchen and living room and a bedroom area + bathroom . Transportation : Metro line 4 and stop Simplon metro line 12 stop Marcadet - Poissonniers
31516	Welcome to the rue d'Orsel in Montmartre! This is a beautiful, fully renovated (April 2014) and furnished studio in Montmartre, on the 4th floor (no elevator) of a typical 4 floors Parisian building.  24 m²  (260 sqft). Living room with a double sofa bed, cable TV, free Wi-Fi A fully equipped and spacious kitchen with micro-wave, fridge, kettle, dish washer, etc. A bathroom with shower, vanity unit and washing machine and separated toilettes.	Little studio @ heart of Montmartre on the 4th floor, fully renovated in April 2014. Very sunny living room with a sofa bed, very spacious fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with large shower and separated toilettes. Perfect for a couple. Close subway. Welcome to the rue d'Orsel in Montmartre! This is a beautiful, fully renovated (April 2014) and furnished studio in Montmartre, on the 4th floor (no elevator) of a typical 4 floors Parisian building.  24 m²  (260 sqft). Living room with a double sofa bed, cable TV, free Wi-Fi A fully equipped and spacious kitchen with micro-wave, fridge, kettle, dish washer, etc. A bathroom with shower, vanity unit and washing machine and separated toilettes. The flat is ideal for a couple. Maximum capacity 2 guests. All house linen are provided. We will be always available for any questions or if you need help and advise ! You will always have a person to contact in case of need all along during your stay. The flat is ideally located on a very nice street
31517	Located in the heart of a lively district, combining atmosphere, charm and history, this apartment will appeal to lovers of the great outdoors. With 107m ² of living space, you will enjoy the warm atmosphere of the different rooms, the design, the living space more enjoyable. Ideal for a family of 4, we guarantee you a maximum of well-being and comfort.	Authenticity in the heart of Paris Located in the heart of a lively district, combining atmosphere, charm and history, this apartment will appeal to lovers of the great outdoors. With 107m ² of living space, you will enjoy the warm atmosphere of the different rooms, the design, the living space more enjoyable. Ideal for a family of 4, we guarantee you a maximum of well-being and comfort. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Transpor
31518		Die gemütliche Wohnung befindet sich in einem sehr bewegten Viertel im 18. Arrondissement. Direkt vor der Tür gibt es viele Einkaufsmöglichkeiten, Cafés und Restaurants. Nach Montmartre sind es 12 Minuten zu Fuß. 2 Metrostationen in 3 Min erreichbar.
31519	Petit appartement de deux pièces pouvant accueillir 2 personnes (1 personne supplémentaire peut être accueillie dans le canapé-lit convertible du salon, mais je ne garantie pas la confort). Charme de l'ancien (parquet, cheminée en marbre), beaucoup de lumière grâce aux trois grandes fenêtres et beaucoup de confort dans un appartement refait à neuf avec de nombreux équipements.	Little appartment in an old bulding at the foot of Montmartre, in a quiet street - Villa Saint Michel. It's composed of a living and dining room, of a separated bedroom with a 140X190 bed (plus kitchen and bathroom with shower)
31520	Often absent for professional reasons, I rent my charming studio in Paris Montmartre. Located on the 4th floor, this studio is suitable for 2 people. A baby is welcomed. We can provide a baby cot and other baby’s equipment. The apartment is located nearby famous Poteau street where you will find many shops and street markets.  Includes: - Fully equipped kitchen with cutlery, crockery, kettle, coffee maker, toaster, oven/microwave, new fridge & washing machine. - Dining table seats for 2 - Wardrobe - Iron, vacuum cleaner - Bathroom with shower, WC & fresh cotton towels, hair dryer - Sofa/double-bed with AMAZING mattress - Clean bed linen supplied - Wi-Fi & TV (90 chains) & DVD player & DVDs - Independent effective heating 	Suitable for city breaks, business & weekend trips & romantic escapes to the most beautiful city. Newly renovated studio with bedroom area, bathroom/WC & kitchen. Situated just off Montmartre & 200m to Underground station (Line 12). Often absent for professional reasons, I rent my charming studio in Paris Montmartre. Located on the 4th floor, this studio is suitable for 2 people. A baby is welcomed. We can provide a baby cot and other baby’s equipment. The apartment is located nearby famous Poteau street where you will find many shops and street markets.  Includes: - Fully equipped kitchen with cutlery, crockery, kettle, coffee maker, toaster, oven/microwave, new fridge & washing machine. - Dining table seats for 2 - Wardrobe - Iron, vacuum cleaner - Bathroom with shower, WC & fresh cotton towels, hair dryer - Sofa/double-bed with AMAZING mattress - Clean bed linen supplied - Wi-Fi & TV (90 chains) & DVD player & DVDs - Independent effective heating My parents or my boyfriend or one of
31521	Welcome to the 18, The apartment is located in the 18th, at the metro station Guy Moquet, in a secure and modern building in a quiet street, at 10 minutes by foot from Montmartre, place Clichy and Porte de Saint Ouen. My flat is on the 3rd floor, with an elevator. The flat is 55m2 big, have a living room, a kitchen, Two rooms well separated (no noise). Yours is the one on the right, with a balcony, quiet, bright, with a futon bed for 2 and all the necessary arrangements.	"In a quiet area, a private room (not a livingroom with a sofa/bed) with a balcony. Access to the living room and the fully equipped kitchen ! 10mn by foot from ""Le Sacré Coeur"", 15mn by metro from Champs Elysées, a lot of bars & resto in the area ! Welcome to the 18, The apartment is located in the 18th, at the metro station Guy Moquet, in a secure and modern building in a quiet street, at 10 minutes by foot from Montmartre, place Clichy and Porte de Saint Ouen. My flat is on the 3rd floor, with an elevator. The flat is 55m2 big, have a living room, a kitchen, Two rooms well separated (no noise). Yours is the one on the right, with a balcony, quiet, bright, with a futon bed for 2 and all the necessary arrangements. You can also have access to the common areas: - Living room with sofa/bed, - Fully equiped kitchen (with wash machine) - A bathroom with a real bath, - Separate toilet, You can also have access to wireless internet, and the unlimited phone on landlines in France and around t"
31522	Un charmant et très calme appartement de deux pièces (sur cour) au pied de la butte de Montmartre dans le 18ème arrondissement. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec digicode et interphone. L'appartement est au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Vous avez un séjour, une grande chambre avec un lit double, un écran plat (câble & Canal +) et un ordinateur avec internet.  La cuisine est équipée avec un frigo, des plaques électriques, une machine à café, un grille pain, une bouilloire et tous les ustensiles de cuisine. Une machine à laver le linge est également à votre disposition. Le salon est équipé avec un canapé convertible 2 places + une télévision. Une salle de bains avec toilettes. Serviettes de baind & draps sont fournis. Internet en wifi disponible. L'appartement est situé 5 minutes à pied du métro Château Rouge sur la ligne 4 ( vous êtes à quelques arrêts de Châtelet, Saint Michel, Saint Germain des Prés), et 2 stations de la Gare du Nord, 3 de la Gare de l'Est. Les autres métros à proximité : Mét	Un vrai nid romantique pour couple en voyage  ou étudiants. Un 2 pièces sur cour très calme, lumineux, proche de Montmartre et avec ces typiques restaurants, ces commerçants à proximités...  Bienvenue Un charmant et très calme appartement de deux pièces (sur cour) au pied de la butte de Montmartre dans le 18ème arrondissement. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec digicode et interphone. L'appartement est au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Vous avez un séjour, une grande chambre avec un lit double, un écran plat (câble & Canal +) et un ordinateur avec internet.  La cuisine est équipée avec un frigo, des plaques électriques, une machine à café, un grille pain, une bouilloire et tous les ustensiles de cuisine. Une machine à laver le linge est également à votre disposition. Le salon est équipé avec un canapé convertible 2 places + une télévision. Une salle de bains avec toilettes. Serviettes de baind & draps sont fournis. Internet en wifi disponible. L'appartement est situé 5 minutes à pied du métro Ch
31523	"This apartment very quiet (26m2) is located near of Montmartre at ""Chateau rouge"", a few meters away from Sacre Coeur Basilica, (300m Sacré coeur, 900m Pigalle). At Montmartre you will have the most beautiful panoramic view of Paris with many restaurants , shops and many artists who propose to paint your portrait Ideally located for exploring all that Montmartre and Paris have to offer – Moulin Rouge, Sacré-Coeur, beautiful cobblestone streets, shopping, art galleries, museums, cozy cafes, bars and restaurants, theatres - in what is arguably considered one of the most beautiful and historic neighbourhood in the City of Lights.Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris. Near the apartment you can find ;many bars. restaurants, trendy and arty shops, , pubs, museums,  old cabarets, Moulin rouge. Here you will be in a small, cozy and warm nest. Ideal for a couple or friends! A great opportunity not to be missed! If you have any questions"	"This apartment 26m2 (kitchen- living room and 1 bedroom separate) is located near of Montmartre at ""Chateau rouge"", a few meters away from Sacre Coeur Basilica, you will have the most beautiful panoramic view of Paris with many restaurants."
31524	The flat has one room, one bathroom and one entire separated kitchen fully equipped (You can of course cook, there is an open market only 1 minute walking from the flat with fresh food (vegetables, fish,meat)..	Nice and functionnal one room 12 minutes walking to different monuments in Paris: 12 minutes walking to the Sacré-Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle. Discover the charm of Paris and its opportunities. Different bars/coffees/nightclubs close to the flat as well and discover the recent trendy rooftop just few minutes walking. The flat has one room, one bathroom and one entire separated kitchen fully equipped (You can of course cook, there is an open market only 1 minute walking from the flat with fresh food (vegetables, fish,meat).. The flat is rented with all the equipments inside. If I am in town, I may also help guests. The flat is close to several monuments and districts:  Montmartre, the Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle (walking distance), the Opera... The subway is 4 min walking (2 different lines) and 2 different itinerary (Line Nr 4 and Line Nr 12)
31525	Très bien décoré, appartement très ensoleillé, lumineux et très confortable. Télévision par câble, ordinateur à disposition, internet WIFI, tout l'équipement électro-ménager à disposition. Je suis disponible tous les jours pour mes locataires en cas de questions. Appartement très bien situé, proche du Moulin Rouge (10 mn à pied), Montmartre (20 mn à pied), Galeries Lafayette (15 mn à pied), Parc Monceau (10 mn à pied), Champs-Elysées (25 mn à pied) ... Métro : ligne 13 Place de Clichy ; ligne 2 Rome Bus : lignes 68 et 81 Place de Clichy en provenance d'Opéra (Aéroport Roissy Bus) et de Denfert-Rochereau (Aéroport Orly Bus) Station de Vélib' et Autolib' Rue des Batignolles Nombreux restraurants, cafés, bars musicaux dans la rue des dames. Proche de cinémas, théâtres. Parking public rue des Batignolles Télévision par câble, ordinateur à disposition, internet WIFI, tout l'équipement électro-ménager à disposition. Je suis disponible tous les jours pour mes locataires en cas de questions. A	Très bien décoré, appartement très ensoleillé, lumineux et très confortable. Télévision par câble, ordinateur à disposition, internet WIFI, tout l'équipement électro-ménager à disposition. Je suis disponible tous les jours pour mes locataires en cas de questions. Appartement très bien situé, proche du Moulin Rouge (10 mn à pied), Montmartre (20 mn à pied), Galeries Lafayette (15 mn à pied), Parc Monceau (10 mn à pied), Champs-Elysées (25 mn à pied) ... Métro : ligne 13 Place de Clichy ; ligne 2 Rome Bus : lignes 68 et 81 Place de Clichy en provenance d'Opéra (Aéroport Roissy Bus) et de Denfert-Rochereau (Aéroport Orly Bus) Station de Vélib' et Autolib' Rue des Batignolles Nombreux restraurants, cafés, bars musicaux dans la rue des dames. Proche de cinémas, théâtres. Parking public rue des Batignolles Télévision par câble, ordinateur à disposition, internet WIFI, tout l'équipement électro-ménager à disposition. Je suis disponible tous les jours pour mes locataires en cas de questions. A
31526	------------------------------------------------------------------ DETAILS My flat is a 50m² apt, simple but cosy one, composed by a big en-suite bedroom of 12m² (mine) & a second bedroom of 6m² (the one of my flatmate).  Each room have double beds and got clothes storages .  The living room is pretty big and pleasant. The sofa can be used as an extra bed as well if you need. It's not a convertible couch but a quite comfy one.   The kitchen is fully equiped with gas stove, microwave, washing machine, steam cooking machine, etc Linen furnished.	Nice, quite & welcoming parisian flat, located close to Montmartre. Two double bedrooms appartement with all the confort needed to spend a good stay in Paris. ------------------------------------------------------------------ DETAILS My flat is a 50m² apt, simple but cosy one, composed by a big en-suite bedroom of 12m² (mine) & a second bedroom of 6m² (the one of my flatmate).  Each room have double beds and got clothes storages .  The living room is pretty big and pleasant. The sofa can be used as an extra bed as well if you need. It's not a convertible couch but a quite comfy one.   The kitchen is fully equiped with gas stove, microwave, washing machine, steam cooking machine, etc Linen furnished. ------------------------------------------------------------------ AREA Château rouge is located in the 18th arrondissement, at the frindge  between the fancy areas of La butte Montmartre and the more popular  and African area of La Goutte d'or. I live in a cosmopolitan and alive street whe
31527	Second floor with no elevator.	With a convertible bed in the living room and two double beds rooms, this flat is the perfect place for your stay in Paris, close to Gare du Nord. The flat is very bright and spacious (50m2), it has all the necessary amenities for a prolonged stay. Second floor with no elevator. Access to everything in the flat : wifi of course, kitchen, dish washer, washing machine, drier... Make yourself home ! Bed linen and towels provided. Live in it as you would at your own place. I am usually away but will leave an emergency number of a friend who lives nearby. I love my African neighbourhood so close to le Sacré Coeur and to Gare du Nord. Very well connected to the city centre. 4mn walking distance from the metro station Chateau Rouge 11mn from Gare du Nord in metro  17mn walking distance from Gare du Nord 5mn walking distance from amenities (la Poste and supermarket) 14mn walking distance from le Sacre-Coeur, la butte Montmartre I recommend the Algerian bakery/pastry just across the street. It 
31528	Nice and welcoming one-bedroom apartment located in a nice and calm area suited for exploring all that Montmartre has to offer. It's a very charming and calm studio with hard-wood floors, an entirely furnished kitchen and a large bathroom. The studio is great in the summer, it's cool and relaxing. Free wifi internet connection and unlimited free telephone calls to over 90 countries' landlines (including France, the US and Canada, all EU countries) are provided.	Nice and calm apartment ideally located in Montmartre area with a nice view on the Sacré Coeur. Nice and welcoming one-bedroom apartment located in a nice and calm area suited for exploring all that Montmartre has to offer. It's a very charming and calm studio with hard-wood floors, an entirely furnished kitchen and a large bathroom. The studio is great in the summer, it's cool and relaxing. Free wifi internet connection and unlimited free telephone calls to over 90 countries' landlines (including France, the US and Canada, all EU countries) are provided. The neighborhood is very nice with lots of shops, cafés and restaurants that suit all budgets and tastes. There's a big supermarket in the close neighborhood if you feel like cooking. Plus, it is surrounded by authentic French bakeries. The apartment is only steps away from the Sacré Coeur and a short walk from Montmartre's many attractions. The studio is ideally located and is 5 minutes walk from different stations on metro line 2 an
31529	Chaleureux et douillet, appartement en pierre de taille avec ascenseur, offrant tout le confort nécessaire: cuisine équipée (lave linge,grille pain,gazinière,refrigerateur), accès internet, possibilité de couchage supplémentaire (chauffeuses), salle de bain avec baignoire, chambre lumineuse. 	Coquet appartement (parquet,moulure) deux pièces dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris.Situé entre Montmartre,le canal st Martin et le bassin de la Villette.TRES BIEN desservie par les transports (RER: B,D,E,métro: 2,5,4,7,12). Chaleureux et douillet, appartement en pierre de taille avec ascenseur, offrant tout le confort nécessaire: cuisine équipée (lave linge,grille pain,gazinière,refrigerateur), accès internet, possibilité de couchage supplémentaire (chauffeuses), salle de bain avec baignoire, chambre lumineuse.  .Proche RER B Gare du Nord (ligne direct pour les aéroports Roissy Charles de Gaule et d'Orly) .RER D et E. .métro ligne 2, 4, 5, 7, 12  Accueil sur place  Remise des clés en main propre. Présentation du logement et du quartier. Draps et serviettes sur place. Quartier vivant et agréable au croisement de differentes ambiances et cultures: Montmartre, Canal st Martin, le bassin de la Villette, le Centre culturel du 104, Belleville, Ménilmontant, Pigalle... RER B,D et E. Métro
31530		"Charming 2 room 1 bedroom in modern style.  Centrally located, right by the ""Moulin Rouge"" and walking distance to Montmartre and all the great restaurants and bar of South Pigalle. good fun!  This appartment can accomodate 4 guests (2+2 in sofa)"
31531	Charming 2 rooms + kitchen apartment,  in the Goutte d'Or neighborhood 10 minutes from Montmartre. Very bright apartment (5 windows 37 m2) in a small old building. Livingroom on the street, calm bedroom on courtyard (confortable bed (160cm width), very quiet, separate kitchen. Bathroom with small bath. What I appreciate the most is the quiet of my flat in this lively neighborhood. Bustling shops and African colorful market. Craftsmen tailors, small restaurants. The Sacre Coeur is 2 steps (seen above the rooftops!). And the proximity of 2 subways lines, 200 m from the studio  (Métro CHATEAU ROUGE / Line 4) and 400 m (BARBES ROCHECHOUART / Line 2) . Line 4 to go to Chatelet (center Paris) within 10 min., or line 2 to go to the Champs Elysées (15 min.) Close from Gare du Nord (2 stops) and Gare de l'Est, direct line to Père-Lachaise (7 stops) ...  Prices: 350 €/7 nights for 2 people, 7€/night for people added + 10€ for cleaning/laundry service…  That's including towels, sheets, heater, ha	Charming 2 rooms + kitchen apartment,  in the Goutte d'Or neighborhood 10 minutes from Montmartre. Very bright apartment (5 windows 37 m2) in a small old building. Livingroom on the street, calm bedroom on courtyard (confortable bed (160cm width), very quiet, separate kitchen. Bathroom with small bath. What I appreciate the most is the quiet of my flat in this lively neighborhood. Bustling shops and African colorful market. Craftsmen tailors, small restaurants. The Sacre Coeur is 2 steps (seen above the rooftops!). And the proximity of 2 subways lines, 200 m from the studio  (Métro CHATEAU ROUGE / Line 4) and 400 m (BARBES ROCHECHOUART / Line 2) . Line 4 to go to Chatelet (center Paris) within 10 min., or line 2 to go to the Champs Elysées (15 min.) Close from Gare du Nord (2 stops) and Gare de l'Est, direct line to Père-Lachaise (7 stops) ...  Prices: 350 €/7 nights for 2 people, 7€/night for people added + 10€ for cleaning/laundry service…  That's including towels, sheets, heater, ha
31532	Very nice apartment, (45m2), calm with 1 seperate bedroom on a courtyard and a furnished kitchen. Surrounded by many shops further (restaurant, supermarket, pharmacy, bakery, etc.) that give you close to a real neighborhood life.	45 m2 flat located in a quiet street and shopping district of Paris XVIII the apartment is ideally placed at a door between the Paris Flea Market and the Butte de Montmartre. Very nice apartment, (45m2), calm with 1 seperate bedroom on a courtyard and a furnished kitchen. Surrounded by many shops further (restaurant, supermarket, pharmacy, bakery, etc.) that give you close to a real neighborhood life. ALSO INCLUDED - High-speed internet & Wifi  - Flat-screen TV  - DVD Player There will be fresh bed linen for you to use. You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. I will be glad to provide you personally all the information and advice you need during your stay. I speak english, french and spanish. Montmartre sacred heart in 15 minutes on foot Due to the close proximity to the metro (Line 4 Marcadet and Jules Joffrin Line 12) and numerous bus (PC, Montmartrobus, 80, 85), you can quickly access the major tourist attractions of the capital and commodities. ALSO IN
31533	Neighborhood: Apartment is situated in the heart of Montmartre in a lively neighborhood with a lot of diverse food shops, mainly at the daily Rue du Poteau market, as well as plenty of restaurants and cafes. Very close to this accommodation is the monumental Sacre-Coeur Basilica and a few steps away is the Place des Abesses, one of Paris' most picturesque squares. Premises: Apartment is located on the fourth floor of a 20th century building; it has an elevator. The main entrance gate is protected by a security code and an intercom. The exposure is east and it faces both the street and a calm courtyard. The windows of the bedrooms have shutters and the floor is carpeted everywhere except in the kitchen which has red tile, and the bathroom, which has linoleum. Upon entering the apartment, there is a hallway leading to the living room and the open kitchen. To the left is a long corridor with the toilet and the bathroom; to the right is the first bedroom and at the end, the second bedroom.	Neighborhood: Apartment is situated in the heart of Montmartre in a lively neighborhood with a lot of diverse food shops, mainly at the daily Rue du Poteau market, as well as plenty of restaurants and cafes. Very close to this accommodation is the monumental Sacre-Coeur Basilica and a few steps away is the Place des Abesses, one of Paris' most picturesque squares. Premises: Apartment is located on the fourth floor of a 20th century building; it has an elevator. The main entrance gate is protected by a security code and an intercom. The exposure is east and it faces both the street and a calm courtyard. The windows of the bedrooms have shutters and the floor is carpeted everywhere except in the kitchen which has red tile, and the bathroom, which has linoleum. Upon entering the apartment, there is a hallway leading to the living room and the open kitchen. To the left is a long corridor with the toilet and the bathroom; to the right is the first bedroom and at the end, the second bedroom.
31534	You will enjoy the big garden, the flowers in the trees, the big living room well decorated with ancient paintings, very, very good vinyls!(if you like music, this is the best (I have two guitars, a ukulele a piano...). You will have a room where you can stay as a couple or two good friends. I can also (on demand) let you the whole place if you want! All that is situated in the best area of Paris: the most arty and traditional: Le Sacré Coeur, in the famous street of the movie Amélie Poulain. It is romantic, and also historically very intense, as for people who love good food and to party all night with great french wine...the best choice possible in the city!	Here is the most exceptional situation in Paris...Arty, charming, calm (you can here the birds singing!!!). You have very nice restaurants and busy or classy or traditional bars around, underground boutiques, art shops, interesting museums, history.. You will enjoy the big garden, the flowers in the trees, the big living room well decorated with ancient paintings, very, very good vinyls!(if you like music, this is the best (I have two guitars, a ukulele a piano...). You will have a room where you can stay as a couple or two good friends. I can also (on demand) let you the whole place if you want! All that is situated in the best area of Paris: the most arty and traditional: Le Sacré Coeur, in the famous street of the movie Amélie Poulain. It is romantic, and also historically very intense, as for people who love good food and to party all night with great french wine...the best choice possible in the city! The room, the living room, the bathroom (with bath), the kitchen, the terrace, t
31535	"==== English version ==== Our apartment is located  in the very heart of Montmartre, which is one of the most exciting place to be when one is visiting Paris. The area is surrounded by typical Parisian restaurants, bars, fashion stores and some of the finest Parisian bakeries. The subway is a 2 minute-walk from the flat: Pigalle (ligne 12) and Abbesses (line 2 & 12). You will also find very close: Place des Abbesses >  2 minutes Sacré-Coeur Basilica > 4 minutes Moulin Rouge > 10 minutes  Our flat is on the 2nd floor (with a lift) of a typical ""Haussmann"" style building. It comes with :  - 3 separated rooms, each one coming with a large double bed. - 1 bathroom with a bathtub and shower - 1 fully equipped kitchen (dish washer, washing machine, oven, micro wave, fridge, freezer, pans, toaster, coffee machine, ...) and the basics for your cooking are also provided (oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, sugar, flour, …) - 1 large living room with a convertible couch for 2 people, a large table and a"	"Beautiful, quiet, comfortable and spacious apartment in Montmartre, one of the best place to stay when visiting Paris. Only 1 minute-walk from the Subway, 5 mn from both Sacré Coeur Basilica and Moulin Rouge... Welcome home! ==== English version ==== Our apartment is located  in the very heart of Montmartre, which is one of the most exciting place to be when one is visiting Paris. The area is surrounded by typical Parisian restaurants, bars, fashion stores and some of the finest Parisian bakeries. The subway is a 2 minute-walk from the flat: Pigalle (ligne 12) and Abbesses (line 2 & 12). You will also find very close: Place des Abbesses >  2 minutes Sacré-Coeur Basilica > 4 minutes Moulin Rouge > 10 minutes  Our flat is on the 2nd floor (with a lift) of a typical ""Haussmann"" style building. It comes with :  - 3 separated rooms, each one coming with a large double bed. - 1 bathroom with a bathtub and shower - 1 fully equipped kitchen (dish washer, washing machine, oven, micro wave, frid"
31536		 Je vous propose mon studio très chaleureux et confortable de 25m2 pour le week-end. Le studio est situé à 2 minutes de la station Marcadet-Poissonniers. A 15 minutes des Abbesses et du sacré-coeur. Magasins et restaurants à proximité.    
31537	Il est super bien placé! C'est un plaisir de sortir de chez soi et se retrouver dans le cœur de Montmartre.	In the heart of Montmartre, located just a short walk from the Sacre Coeur, we rent a nice studio, perfect for 2 people.This comfortable and furnished (website hidden) composed  of a main room with two sofa-beds,kitchen and small bathroom. Internet.
31538		Chambre extrêmement lumineuse dans petit 2 pièces.
31539		The appartement is a charming studio near Montmartre. The small kitchen is not in the same room as the
31540	This beautiful corner apartment with balcony is situated in Montmartre, just a few meters from the famous Metro Abbesses and the Sacré Coeur church. Located on the 2nd floor, it has a large living room of 30 m2 and a fully equipped kitchen. The apartment has one bedroom and a bathroom but it's possible to book an extra bedroom with his own bathroom if you booked for up to 2 guests. For 2 people, you will have access only to a part of the apartment, the bigger, containing the large living room with an open kitchen, one bedroom (double bed) and one bathroom (with shower) and restroom. (Green zone on the picture). Up to 3 person, the apartment becomes a 60m2, including an additional bedroom (double bed) and bathroom (with shower), a kitchenette and restroom. (Blue zone on the picture). You can see more picture of it one my other listing. Of course you can book the entire apartment for 2 by choosing 3 guests. For a Couple, with the family or with friends, this apartment is ideally located 	Beautiful corner apartment in charming Montmartre, with two bedrooms each with bathroom. Ideal for 2 couples! Metro 2 mins walk. The Louvre in 25 mins walk. Many shops and restaurants nearby This beautiful corner apartment with balcony is situated in Montmartre, just a few meters from the famous Metro Abbesses and the Sacré Coeur church. Located on the 2nd floor, it has a large living room of 30 m2 and a fully equipped kitchen. The apartment has one bedroom and a bathroom but it's possible to book an extra bedroom with his own bathroom if you booked for up to 2 guests. For 2 people, you will have access only to a part of the apartment, the bigger, containing the large living room with an open kitchen, one bedroom (double bed) and one bathroom (with shower) and restroom. (Green zone on the picture). Up to 3 person, the apartment becomes a 60m2, including an additional bedroom (double bed) and bathroom (with shower), a kitchenette and restroom. (Blue zone on the picture). You can see mor
31541	Ideally located at walkable distance from Montmartre. 3 minute walk from the newest hipster palce in Paris: La Recyclerie. Lovely pedestrian and local shops street just 2 minutes away (rue du Poteau). wifi, washing machine, bathtub. Safe and only one floor up. A one bedroom apartment, fully furnished. bathtub, washing machine, flat screen Samsung TV, Wii, wi-fi, cable TV. Bedroom with queen bed. living room with sofa which turns into a king bed.  less thant 10 minute walk from the Sacré Coeur Church and the whole Montmartre Neighbourhood. 2 subway lines close by (number 4 and number 12). convenience store just accros the street. open until super late (2am) very safe neightbourohhod. No vis-à-vis at all. the place is opposite a cute neighboorhood primary school so weekends and evenings/ nights are completely quiet.   bedroom window not overlooking the street: very calm the whole place is yours Montmartre is the best neighbourhood of Paris. it's the Paris of the movie Amélie. typically f	Ideally located at walkable distance from Montmartre. 3 minute walk from the newest hipster palce in Paris: La Recyclerie. Lovely pedestrian and local shops street just 2 minutes away. wifi, washing machine, bathtub. Safe and only one floor up. Ideally located at walkable distance from Montmartre. 3 minute walk from the newest hipster palce in Paris: La Recyclerie. Lovely pedestrian and local shops street just 2 minutes away (rue du Poteau). wifi, washing machine, bathtub. Safe and only one floor up. A one bedroom apartment, fully furnished. bathtub, washing machine, flat screen Samsung TV, Wii, wi-fi, cable TV. Bedroom with queen bed. living room with sofa which turns into a king bed.  less thant 10 minute walk from the Sacré Coeur Church and the whole Montmartre Neighbourhood. 2 subway lines close by (number 4 and number 12). convenience store just accros the street. open until super late (2am) very safe neightbourohhod. No vis-à-vis at all. the place is opposite a cute neighboorhood
31542		Cet appartement de deux pièces, est très lumineux et a l'avantage d'être traversant. Il vient d'être refait à neuf par moi même qui suis architecte.  L'espace a été optimisé. Enfin il se situe dans un quartier très sympa du 18è arrondissement. Vous aurez accès à tout le logement Je ne resterai pas là lors de votre séjour mais je vous donnerai les bons plans du quartier! L'appartement se situe dans un quartier à la fois calme et dynamique! Vous serez à la fois proches des lieux touristiques tel que Montmartre que de lieux alternatifs prisés par les parisiens tel que la Recyclerie à Porte de Clignancourt ou le ground control à Marcadet Poissonniers. L'appartement se situe à proximité de deux stations de métro de la ligne 4 : Simplon et Porte de Clignancourt.
31543	300 sq ft studio in east Montmartre / Goutte d'Or. Bathroom with shower. Kitchenette equipped with two vitro ceramic stoves, one fridge, nespresso machine. Nice exposition full south, top floor (6th) opening on a very nice courtyard. Double bed.	300 sq ft apartment in Montmartre Goutte d'Or. Kitchenette equipped with two vitroceramic stoves, one fridge, one Nespresso coffee machine (stocked in coffee capsules). Shower room + toilets. One double bed. Facing South, 6th floor, large courtyard. 300 sq ft studio in east Montmartre / Goutte d'Or. Bathroom with shower. Kitchenette equipped with two vitro ceramic stoves, one fridge, nespresso machine. Nice exposition full south, top floor (6th) opening on a very nice courtyard. Double bed. The 18th arrondissement is probably the best mix in Paris between old school and real Parisian life, African influence (food, music venues, clothes), hipster life (craft beer, genuine American organic coffee shop, bar set up in an ancient railway station, etc.) and of course the tourist experience of Montmartre! Three metro lines are connecting the district to the main railway stations and both airports (2, 4, 12, RER B).
31544	Cet appartement de 30 m² , Alcove Studio, est situé rue du Mont Cenis dans le 18ème arrondissement , au 3ème étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle sans ascenseur et il peut accueillir 3 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, un sèche linge, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi, un lecteur DVD, une chaine hifi, une cheminée décorative. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine.	Cet appartement de 30 m² , Alcove Studio, est situé rue du Mont Cenis dans le 18ème arrondissement , au 3ème étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle sans ascenseur et il peut accueillir 3 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, un sèche linge, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi, un lecteur DVD, une chaine hifi, une cheminée décorative. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. Internet, TV câble, lave-linge, sèche-linge,... Check in - check out Quartier Montmartre, animé, typiquement parisien, pittoresque, jolis monuments et commerces, quartier calme Métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12)
31545		37 sq.m flat 100% imagined by an interior designer. Lovely district, getting more and more trendy. Our flat is 200m from a beautiful cover market (le marché de l’Olive) in a walking street where you can buy all what you need! The flat is very quiet 
31546	Appartement lumineux avec terrasse!!!cuisine et salle de bains (avec baignoire!!) séparées. À 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre et des batignoles et à 2 minutes de la ligne 13.parfait pour un court séjour à Paris!! Le lit et énorme parfait pour 2 personnes, puis il y a un canapé lit une personne et deux petits matelás d'apoint en mousse. Dans la cuisine tous ce qu'il faut puis une machine à laver. 	Appartement lumineux avec terrasse!!!cuisine et salle de bains séparées. À 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre et des batignoles et à 2 minutes de la ligne 13.parfait pour un court séjour à Paris.
31547	Cet appartement entièrement rénové, chaleureux et confortable, est idéalement situé à 20 mètres du Sacré-Cœur, dans le quartier le plus célèbre de la capitale! Il accueille 2 à 4 personnes et offre tout le confort pour se sentir comme à la maison.  Our apartment is not a share. You have the whole apartment for yourselves! Ayant beaucoup voyagé à travers le monde, nous nous sommes inspirés de nos expériences pour vous proposer un lieu chaleureux, pratique, parfaitement situé, à 20 mètres du Sacré-Cœur, à deux pas de la célèbre Place du Tertre, et à quelques minutes du Moulin Rouge. Appréciez le sentiment d’être chez vous et profitez du confort et du calme de cet appartement nouvellement et entièrement rénové dans un style alliant chic parisien et tradition (parquet chêne, escalier en pierre…). Situé dans une rue très calme avec fenêtres côté cour, l’appartement accueille 2 à 4 personnes grâce à son grand lit king size et à son canapé lit très confortable. La cuisine est totalement équip	Cet appartement entièrement rénové, chaleureux et confortable, est idéalement situé à 20 mètres du Sacré-Cœur, dans le quartier le plus célèbre de la capitale! Il accueille 2 à 4 personnes et offre tout le confort pour se sentir comme à la maison.  Our apartment is not a share. You have the whole apartment for yourselves! Ayant beaucoup voyagé à travers le monde, nous nous sommes inspirés de nos expériences pour vous proposer un lieu chaleureux, pratique, parfaitement situé, à 20 mètres du Sacré-Cœur, à deux pas de la célèbre Place du Tertre, et à quelques minutes du Moulin Rouge. Appréciez le sentiment d’être chez vous et profitez du confort et du calme de cet appartement nouvellement et entièrement rénové dans un style alliant chic parisien et tradition (parquet chêne, escalier en pierre…). Situé dans une rue très calme avec fenêtres côté cour, l’appartement accueille 2 à 4 personnes grâce à son grand lit king size et à son canapé lit très confortable. La cuisine est totalement équip
31548	A spacious, stylish and comfortable one bed-room flat of 50 square meters located in the heart of the 18th arrondissement of Paris. Ideal if you want to experience Paris as a real Parisian.  The large open living room (30 m2) is beautifully furnished with a scandinave couch and a vintage armchair. The wood-burning fireplace will make you warm and cosy during the winter months. Guests have access to the wifi, the full screen video-projector, the playstation 3… The idea is to make you feel comfortable like home. There is a comfortable double bed in the bedroom, with an empty closet you can use. (Possibility to have a third sleeping in the living room). The bedroom leads into the renovated modern bathroom with a great italian shower and a washing machine.  The separate kitchen has all appliances including an oven, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave, induction cooker, a dishwasher. Ideal for cooking yourself, there are also a coffee maker, a kettle, a toaster and a raclette grill. Everything	A spacious, stylish and comfortable one bed-room flat of 50 square meters located in the heart of the 18th arrondissement of Paris. Ideal if you want to experience Paris as a real Parisian.  3 Min walking to Gare-du-nord with train to  airport A spacious, stylish and comfortable one bed-room flat of 50 square meters located in the heart of the 18th arrondissement of Paris. Ideal if you want to experience Paris as a real Parisian.  The large open living room (30 m2) is beautifully furnished with a scandinave couch and a vintage armchair. The wood-burning fireplace will make you warm and cosy during the winter months. Guests have access to the wifi, the full screen video-projector, the playstation 3… The idea is to make you feel comfortable like home. There is a comfortable double bed in the bedroom, with an empty closet you can use. (Possibility to have a third sleeping in the living room). The bedroom leads into the renovated modern bathroom with a great italian shower and a washing ma
31549	Appartement bien aménage pour partager l'espace. Cuisine et salon à votre disposition, toilettes et salle et bains également. Nous avons trois pièces, une chambre pour moi ou mon colocataire selon le week-end. Vous avez la grande chambre montrée aux photos et si vous êtes trois, il y a possibilité de dormir au salon ou ajouter un clic-clac à la chambre.	Chambre située dans un très joli quartier avec commerces, bars et terrasses à votre disposition. Situé entre trois stations de métro, vous êtes à 25 minutes du centre de Paris,10 mins à pied de Abbesses et Sacré-Cœur. Accès à la cuisine et la cours. Appartement bien aménage pour partager l'espace. Cuisine et salon à votre disposition, toilettes et salle et bains également. Nous avons trois pièces, une chambre pour moi ou mon colocataire selon le week-end. Vous avez la grande chambre montrée aux photos et si vous êtes trois, il y a possibilité de dormir au salon ou ajouter un clic-clac à la chambre. Vous êtes le bienvenue à notre mot de passe pour le wifi, la cuisine toute équipée. Nous travaillons tous les deux à la maison alors nous sommes présents pour toute question touristique et souvent pour dîner ensemble le soir.  Pour accéder l'appartement ces le métro Lamarck Caulaincourt, 
31550	The studio is located right in a private pathway that will keep the city noise away, even at night. This fully renovated 21m2 studio will provide you all the comfort you need to visit Paris.	Perfectly located in a quiet & private pathway at Place de Clichy, this 21 square meters studio is also right next to the metro station (line 2 and 13) and 3 min walking distance from the Moulin Rouge and local attractions. The studio is located right in a private pathway that will keep the city noise away, even at night. This fully renovated 21m2 studio will provide you all the comfort you need to visit Paris. Living and Raised in Paris, I'll be able to suggest you local attractions, venues and restaurant.  I'll be available by email / phone during you're whole stay. Located next to the Moulin Rouge and popular attractions.  You'll be located at :  - a 3 min walk from the Moulin Rouge - a 10 min wal from the Sacré Coeur - a 5 min walk from the Abbesses - a 2 min walk from a late night Supermarket (close at 11:30pm) - a 2 min walk from a 24/24 - 7/7 pharmacy - 1 min walk from Place de Clichy metro station (line 13 and 2)  - 1 min walk from bus (phone number hidden) and 95 - 2 metro sto
31551		Charmant deux pièces situe au pied de la butte Montmartre, à deux pas de la mairie et du métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12). Chambre avec lit double , Canapé lit , coin cuisine équipée , douche wc . Nombreux restaurants, bars et commerces. 
31552	Crossing and bright, the apartment has a large bedroom (bed 180x200 | dressing) on a quiet dead end with its typical stairways of Montmartre.  The cozy living room is spacious and bright, and has a sofa bed for two people and an extra sofa, chill-out obliged after pounding Paris! Small functional bathroom (with hairdryer, shower towels) and kitchen: 4 ring gas cooker, oven, large fridge / freezer (ice's waiting for you!), microwave, kettle, Nespresso, toaster, dishes, Soda Stream, washing machine and dryer. Gas heating throughout the apartment.	This central apartment will seduce you with its calm, its comfortable lounge, a nice room, a lively district, close to the Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle, Batignolles and Les Puces de St Ouen. Enjoy! Crossing and bright, the apartment has a large bedroom (bed 180x200 | dressing) on a quiet dead end with its typical stairways of Montmartre.  The cozy living room is spacious and bright, and has a sofa bed for two people and an extra sofa, chill-out obliged after pounding Paris! Small functional bathroom (with hairdryer, shower towels) and kitchen: 4 ring gas cooker, oven, large fridge / freezer (ice's waiting for you!), microwave, kettle, Nespresso, toaster, dishes, Soda Stream, washing machine and dryer. Gas heating throughout the apartment. They will have an access to every part of the apartment. I like sharing with people, help them to feel like home, to make their stay the most pleasant. I'm available on phone and email at any time. The neighborhood offers all amenities: wine cella
31553	Very nice duplex apartment in Paris with 1 bedroom, 1 living room with a sofa bed, 1 equiped kitchen, 1 bathroom with toilets.  Ideally suitable for 1 couple with children ! Very easy to access (subway, busm tramway stops close-by) My flat is 59m2 wide and structured around a bedroom and a living room. It has all the comfort of today: fridge, freezer, cooking appliance, oven, coffee maker, wireless internet, washing machine, hairdryer… I usually rent it for two people, but four people can live in it (in addition to the bedroom, one of our sofas is two-seater convertible). You will have access to the Wifi, TV, an equipped kitchen. The 18th arrondissement of Paris is probably best known for the hill of Montmartre ! It's also better known as the centre of the flourishing artist community. The 18th is also the home of a thriving ethnic community. The flat is also perfectly located to visit Paris most beautiful site!  Thanks to metro lines 12 (Marx Dormoy), 5 minutes from the flat), you’ll 	Very nice duplex apartment that can accomodate 4 guests (1 bedroom, 1 living room with a comfortable sofa-bed, 1 bathroom with shower and toilets, a fully equipped Kitchen) in the 18th arrondissement (near Montmartre, Pigalle/Moulin Rouge... Very nice duplex apartment in Paris with 1 bedroom, 1 living room with a sofa bed, 1 equiped kitchen, 1 bathroom with toilets.  Ideally suitable for 1 couple with children ! Very easy to access (subway, busm tramway stops close-by) My flat is 59m2 wide and structured around a bedroom and a living room. It has all the comfort of today: fridge, freezer, cooking appliance, oven, coffee maker, wireless internet, washing machine, hairdryer… I usually rent it for two people, but four people can live in it (in addition to the bedroom, one of our sofas is two-seater convertible). You will have access to the Wifi, TV, an equipped kitchen. The 18th arrondissement of Paris is probably best known for the hill of Montmartre ! It's also better known as the centr
31554	"THE APARTMENT This very cosy apartment has just been refurbished. It´s pretty bright with three large windows view on a private courtyard. Since it´s not on the street, the apartment is quiet (important fact when you know how Paris can be loud. It's a two rooms apartment, ideal for two persons wanting to have a rustic/modern cosy place in Paris.  Here you'll will definitely feel the ""Parisian way of life""! THE BUILDING The apartment is on the third flour of a building from 1920 built without elevator. A doorman who lives there is taking good care of the place."	"Welcome to this rustic and modern apartment all refurbished. Come and approach the Parisian way of life in this quiet place. From here you'll go everywhere... Let's make my place yours. Bienvenue! THE APARTMENT This very cosy apartment has just been refurbished. It´s pretty bright with three large windows view on a private courtyard. Since it´s not on the street, the apartment is quiet (important fact when you know how Paris can be loud. It's a two rooms apartment, ideal for two persons wanting to have a rustic/modern cosy place in Paris.  Here you'll will definitely feel the ""Parisian way of life""! THE BUILDING The apartment is on the third flour of a building from 1920 built without elevator. A doorman who lives there is taking good care of the place. FACILITIES: Internet Wifi high speed + Airport music all over the apartment Living-room : dinner table for four, large couch, TV with french and international channels. Bedroom : large bed (20(website hidden)), closet, desk. Kitchen : F"
31555	F3: 2 bedrooms with 1 double bed (160*200) and 1 single bed convertible into double bed (80*200 into 160*200) - sitting room with TV (wi-fi + cable) - sofa bed in the living room - kitchen equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave oven, fridge, induction hob) - The apartment has a double exposure and overlooks two courtyards - quiet condo (! respect ...)  Our cat Sigismund remains in the apartment during our absence, so the rental company that includes hairball passes his time to sleep!	Close to Montmartre, discover the popular Paris, Eclectic, lively and warm the capital. Our charming F3, practical and comfortable 47m2 (2 bedrooms, living room with sofa bed, kitchen, bathroom WC) F3: 2 bedrooms with 1 double bed (160*200) and 1 single bed convertible into double bed (80*200 into 160*200) - sitting room with TV (wi-fi + cable) - sofa bed in the living room - kitchen equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave oven, fridge, induction hob) - The apartment has a double exposure and overlooks two courtyards - quiet condo (! respect ...)  Our cat Sigismund remains in the apartment during our absence, so the rental company that includes hairball passes his time to sleep! 5 min from metro 4 (direct access to Gare du Nord, East, Montparnasse, Denfert-Rochereau, Châtelet, Saint Germain des Pres and Saint Michel). The building is secured (video camera, two input codes + intercom) - located on the 2nd floor without elevator By mail or by phone
31556	Located in the heart of Montmartre,100m from the Place du Tertre and the Sacré Coeur, this beautiful Haussman style apartment will make you live an unforgettable experience. The house is a 2 rooms place with a room overlooking courtyard, quiet and sunny and a living room with a comfortable sofa bed The balcony terrace will allow you to enjoy breakfast in the sun and enjoying the atmosphere of the neighborhood. The area is renowned for its uniqueness in Paris namely a village atmosphere timeless and bustle of the city. The many theaters, art house cinemas and small museums will delight art lovers live in Paris! Parisian bistros and restaurants await you! The nearest metro station is Abbesses on line 12, it takes about 5/10 minutes to get because you have to climb the hill. Antwerp line 2 station takes you into the Montmartre funicular and save the climb through the Place du Tertre.	Located in the heart of Montmartre, 100m from the Place du Tertre and the Sacré Coeur, this apartment Haussmann will make you live an unforgettable experience in this village in the heart of Paris. Parisian bistros and restaurants await you! Located in the heart of Montmartre,100m from the Place du Tertre and the Sacré Coeur, this beautiful Haussman style apartment will make you live an unforgettable experience. The house is a 2 rooms place with a room overlooking courtyard, quiet and sunny and a living room with a comfortable sofa bed The balcony terrace will allow you to enjoy breakfast in the sun and enjoying the atmosphere of the neighborhood. The area is renowned for its uniqueness in Paris namely a village atmosphere timeless and bustle of the city. The many theaters, art house cinemas and small museums will delight art lovers live in Paris! Parisian bistros and restaurants await you! The nearest metro station is Abbesses on line 12, it takes about 5/10 minutes to get because you
31557	Hello! I rent my charming & Brand new appartment in Montmartre (18th district) 10 minutes walking from Sacré Coeur.  One double bed on mezzanine. One double bed on the convertible couch (high quality). Spacious bathroom. Fully equiped kitchen. Wifi. Very warm and cosy 27m2  studio, with a mezzanine. Completely new. Wide bathroom. Washing machine, oven. This cosy studio is only 1 min walking from the line 4, which gets you in the very center of Paris. Montmartre is 8 minutes away by foot. You can find all kind of good restaurants on the block and a grocery is right in front. I would be glad to help you through the neighborhood, Paris and to answer all questions that might pop up in your mind. Restaurants, grocery, bars, popular but friendly neighboorhood... The police station is literally 15 meters away, so it's safe and sound! :-) 1 min walking from the most central tube line... 5 subway station within a 6 minutes walking perimeter...	Hello! I rent my charming & Brand new appartment in Montmartre (18th district) 10 minutes walking from Sacré Coeur.  One double bed on mezzanine. One double bed on the convertible couch (high quality). Spacious bathroom. Fully equiped kitchen. Wifi. Restaurants, grocery, bars, popular but friendly neighboorhood... The police station is literally 15 meters away, so it's safe and sound! :-) 1 min walking from the most central tube line... 5 subway station within a 6 minutes walking perimeter...
31558	charmant T1 très lumineux, douillet et très calme. 	charmant T1 très lumineux, douillet et très calme. accès a tout le logement, wifi, tv écran plat, téléphone illimité fixe et mobile en France Je suis très disponible. Situé à la frontière du 18e populaire et à 10 minutes à pieds du Sacré Cœur , l'emplacement de mon appartement permet  de bénéficier de l'effervescence de Barbés  tout en baignant dans le charme du 18e touristique. 2 minutes du métro ligne 4 et ligne 12 2 minutes des arrêts de bus 56, 31 et 80
31559	Apartment of 50 m2, renovated there just a year, has all the equipment necessary for it to feel like home: washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso machine, toaster, oven, microwave, a room in the (very quiet) with a double bed 140X200 (new mattress), a separate room with a cot up 3 years, a large living room with sofa, armchairs, library, TV, wifi, to feel at ease. a beautiful bathroom with a bathtub. I'm lucky to have my cheese  shop not far from the apartment, so you can easily trade on all questions about restaurants, shops, bars, cultural activities that are possible in the area. Or for any questions about the apartment.	Apartment of 50 m2, renovated at just a year, has all the equipment necessary for it to feel like home, situated in a street with a lot of shops for maked a good meals or eating in a good restaurant, at 3 min of the sacré coeur and the metro too. Apartment of 50 m2, renovated there just a year, has all the equipment necessary for it to feel like home: washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso machine, toaster, oven, microwave, a room in the (very quiet) with a double bed 140X200 (new mattress), a separate room with a cot up 3 years, a large living room with sofa, armchairs, library, TV, wifi, to feel at ease. a beautiful bathroom with a bathtub. I'm lucky to have my cheese  shop not far from the apartment, so you can easily trade on all questions about restaurants, shops, bars, cultural activities that are possible in the area. Or for any questions about the apartment. three ligne of Metro very closed of the appartment ligne 2,4,12 of Metro 
31560	Brand new one bedroom flat, refurbished and fully furnished, up on the 2nd floor in a quiet building. Including one bedroom with a double bed, a living room with an open plan kitchen and a shower + toilets room. Furnitures in the living room: A large comfortable sofa (where two persons can sleep), big plasma screen TV with DVD/Blueray players, unlimited free calls towards 108 destinations, Wifi and a table that sits 4 for diner. Equipment in the kitchen: Practical kitchen with an open plan onto the living room, including a fridge, a freezer, traditional oven, electrics hotplates, washing machine, micro-wave, a toaster, a coffee machine and dishes. Bathroom: Toilets, shower, washbasin.  Furnitures in the bedroom: Bedroom overlooking the courtyard ( no noise at night then! ) A large double bed (160x200), bookcase, dressing. Bed linen also furnished. The area is very cosmopolitan, nice and quiet. Close by all amenities: italian, thai, africain, indian restaurants around as well as french 	Small cat to be guarded against low-cost rent Brand new one bedroom flat, refurbished and fully furnished, up on the 2nd floor in a quiet building. Including one bedroom with a double bed, a living room with an open plan kitchen and a shower + toilets room. Furnitures in the living room: A large comfortable sofa (where two persons can sleep), big plasma screen TV with DVD/Blueray players, unlimited free calls towards 108 destinations, Wifi and a table that sits 4 for diner. Equipment in the kitchen: Practical kitchen with an open plan onto the living room, including a fridge, a freezer, traditional oven, electrics hotplates, washing machine, micro-wave, a toaster, a coffee machine and dishes. Bathroom: Toilets, shower, washbasin.  Furnitures in the bedroom: Bedroom overlooking the courtyard ( no noise at night then! ) A large double bed (160x200), bookcase, dressing. Bed linen also furnished. The area is very cosmopolitan, nice and quiet. Close by all amenities: italian, thai, africain
31561	In this apartment, you will find a bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen and a bathroom, ideal for 2 people.	In the lively neighborhood of the 18th district, down the Montmartre hill, this appartement is a perfect and warm nest for couples to enjoy Paris! Close to the subway and surrounded by restaurant and bars, come enjoy the view on the Sacré Coeur! In this apartment, you will find a bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen and a bathroom, ideal for 2 people. In this apartment, you will have full access to the kitchen which is fully equipped (fridge, washing machine and microwave); there is also a TV and of course wifi.  Please note that I am living in this place and the only thing I'm asking is to take care of this place as if it was yours! I'm pretty new on AirBnb and want to propose an comfy and affordable housing for people willing to discover Paris. I love this city and I would be more than happy to share my favorite places with you! You will have the all place for you but I always be available and reachable :) The 18th arrondissement is probably one of the most diverse and lively 
31562	situé dans un quartier à la fois très attractif pour les touristes, et très typique. Vous profiterez des terrasses de cafés et des transports tous proches (deux lignes de métro, un bus au pied de la maison) metro, ou bus et ascenseur. par mail ou par téléphone. Les Abbesses pour son côté Amélie Poulain, la butte Montmartre et sa vue sur tout Paris, Barbes pour son coté cosmopolite, Pigalle pour la fête. metro ou bus. un petit matelas enfant en plus, appoint.	deux pièces calme et lumineux au coeur de montmartre. Charme classique du parquet ancien, cheminée en marbre et moulures, réhaussé par des toiles et des couleurs d'un appartement d'artiste. tout confort. situé dans un quartier à la fois très attractif pour les touristes, et très typique. Vous profiterez des terrasses de cafés et des transports tous proches (deux lignes de métro, un bus au pied de la maison) metro, ou bus et ascenseur. par mail ou par téléphone. Les Abbesses pour son côté Amélie Poulain, la butte Montmartre et sa vue sur tout Paris, Barbes pour son coté cosmopolite, Pigalle pour la fête. metro ou bus. un petit matelas enfant en plus, appoint. metro, ou bus et ascenseur. par mail ou par téléphone. Les Abbesses pour son côté Amélie Poulain, la butte Montmartre et sa vue sur tout Paris, Barbes pour son coté cosmopolite, Pigalle pour la fête. metro ou bus. un petit matelas enfant en plus, appoint. Et un canapé convertible CONFORTABLE
31563		Charmant appartement refait à neuf, dans le quartier populaire de la mairie du 18° arrondissement. Rejoignez Montmartre et le Sacré Coeur à pieds (20 minutes). Quartier populaire de la mairie du 18ème.  A deux pas des rues commerçantes et à 20 minutes à pied de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur Ligne métro 12 Jules Joffrin Ligne métro 4 Simplon Nombreux bus, dont le Montmartrobus (Top 10 des choses à faire pour un parisien)
31564	"Lovely 1 bedroom located in 18th district – close to Montmartre area. The building si two minutes walking from the Jules Joffrin subway station. Various shops in the neighbourhood : supermarkets (monoprix/franprix/proximarket), butchers, various restaurants (chinese, pizza, french food), bars, drugstore, cigar store, grocery, boutiques and the market on Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. The appartment is good looking parisian, nice to live in.  Internet wi-fi access included. •	The bedroom :  Spacious and bright  Double bed, ideal for a couple  •	The living room :  Large and comfortable sofa HD screen •	The entry  A little entry, corridor with some umbrellas even if i hope you won't have to use them ;) •	The kitchen  Stylish kitchen : pink fridge / microwave oven / Oven / washing machine / 2 modern baking sheets  + many ranges of materials and accessories •	The bathroom – toilet  Bathroom including a shower, a sink and a toilet  Small but well organised Don’t hesitate to contact me if yo"	"Lovely 1 bedroom located in 18th district – close to Montmartre area. The building si two minutes walking from the Jules Joffrin subway station. Various shops in the neighbourhood : supermarkets (monoprix/franprix/proximarket), butchers, various restaurants (chinese, pizza, french food), bars, drugstore, cigar store, grocery, boutiques and the market on Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. The appartment is good looking parisian, nice to live in.  Internet wi-fi access included. •	The bedroom :  Spacious and bright  Double bed, ideal for a couple  •	The living room :  Large and comfortable sofa HD screen •	The entry  A little entry, corridor with some umbrellas even if i hope you won't have to use them ;) •	The kitchen  Stylish kitchen : pink fridge / microwave oven / Oven / washing machine / 2 modern baking sheets  + many ranges of materials and accessories •	The bathroom – toilet  Bathroom including a shower, a sink and a toilet  Small but well organised Don’t hesitate to contact me if yo"
31565	"My flat is a cozy and relaxing place. Good bed with an open bathroom.  Wireless Internet TV Washing / drying laundry machine  Fully Equiped Kitchen I would be glad to share restaurants and shopping adresses with my hosts ! Very animated and easily accessible.  Subway Station ""Barbès"" line 2 or 4 = Exit ""Guy Patin"" the building is immediatly on the boulevard left side in front of the station.  From Gare du Nord (Thalys and Eurostar station) or Roissy Charles de Gaulles Airport if you prefer to walk it would take 5mn ! Go straight up to the North on the Boulevard Magenta and turn right on Boulevard de La Chapelle the building is on the left side at the first corner ! "	Cosy flat in the animated neighborhood of Barbès. A peaceful place located in front of the Station with a direct N/S & E/W access on the city of Paris with line 4 or 2. 7mn walking from Montmartre and 10mn Subway from Châtelet Les Halles. 
31566	Typiquement parisien avec ses hauts plafonds, cheminées en marbre, moulures, de grands miroirs et parquet en chêne. Un vrai cocon dans lequel passer un agréable séjour et de bonnes nuits après une longue marche touristique.  L'appartement dispose d'une grande chambre, équipée d'une bonne literie. Elle offre beaucoup de rangement (placard et commode). Donnant sur la cour, elle est très calme, et dispose en plus de double vitrage. Les draps sont fournis.  Le salon est équipé d'un canapé lit (2 personnes) très confortable ! Vous pourrez bénéficier d'un grand écran plat et d'un wifi très rapide (fibre). La table modulable peut accueillir jusqu'à 8 personnes.  La salle d'eau rénovée, est petite mais fonctionnelle. La douche est plutôt grande et fonctionne très bien ! Les serviettes de bains sont fournis.  Dans la cuisine vous pourrez vous concocter des petits repas, elle est équipée d'un four micro-onde, d'une bouilloire, d'une cafetière (Tassimo), d'un grille pain, d'un frigo et d'une mach	Deux pièces de charme typique situé près de Montmartre. Quartier commerçant, restaurants, et idéalement situé pour les transports (métros et bus). Tout le confort moderne dans un cadre typiquement Haussmanien.  Capable d'accueillir 4 personnes. Typiquement parisien avec ses hauts plafonds, cheminées en marbre, moulures, de grands miroirs et parquet en chêne. Un vrai cocon dans lequel passer un agréable séjour et de bonnes nuits après une longue marche touristique.  L'appartement dispose d'une grande chambre, équipée d'une bonne literie. Elle offre beaucoup de rangement (placard et commode). Donnant sur la cour, elle est très calme, et dispose en plus de double vitrage. Les draps sont fournis.  Le salon est équipé d'un canapé lit (2 personnes) très confortable ! Vous pourrez bénéficier d'un grand écran plat et d'un wifi très rapide (fibre). La table modulable peut accueillir jusqu'à 8 personnes.  La salle d'eau rénovée, est petite mais fonctionnelle. La douche est plutôt grande et fonct
31567		"Ravissant 28m2 très lumineux avec terrasse et vue sur Montmartre, Grand lit, grande baignoire... A 1 minute à pied du métro porte de clignancourt et du nouvel espace la ""Recyclerie"". A 5 minutes à pied de Jules Joffrin et de Montmartre. "
31568		Confortable deux pièces de 50 m2 typiquement parisien de style Haussmannien. Très bien situé à deux pas de Montmartre et très proche du métro. Quartier familial très agréable avec restaurant, bars. Il est idéalement situé pour visiter Montmartre et proche du centre historique de Paris via le métro. Station Jules Joffrin sur la ligne 12 du métro.
31569	Vue imprenable sur le parc de Montmartre Vue directe sur les escaliers de Montmartre Décoration personnelle.  Grande pièce à vivre de 30 mètres carrés Possibilité d'un voyageur de plus sur le canapé lit du salon Typique Montmartre	Appartement 2 pièces, Vue magnifique sur  le parc Montmartre, et sur escaliers. Typique et touristique.  3 lignes de métro (4, 12, 2). Calme. 1 chambre pour 2, 1 canapé lit pour 2, sdb baignoire, grand salon + cuisine américaine Vue imprenable sur le parc de Montmartre Vue directe sur les escaliers de Montmartre Décoration personnelle.  Grande pièce à vivre de 30 mètres carrés Possibilité d'un voyageur de plus sur le canapé lit du salon Typique Montmartre Les voyageurs ont accès à la pièce à vivre avec cuisine américaine, 1 chambre, et salle de bain. Ils n'ont pas accès à la chambre de ma fille qui sera fermée.  Je serai sur Paris pendant la durée du séjour et disponible par téléphone pour toutes informations sur l'appartement ou bonnes adresses dans le quartier ou dans Paris.  Quartier typique de Montmartre, touristique mais tranquille. A ne pas manquer : le Sacré Coeur, la Place des Tertes avec ses peintres, le petit train de Montmartre. Très chouettes restaurants français. Pigalle e
31570	"It is an apartment of 65m ² (700 ft ²) on the 2nd floor with lift, located rue Pajol in Paris 18th, 2 minutes from metro station ""La Chapelle"" Line 2, you can go to Montmartre (Sacred Heart, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge) in 5 min or the Champs Elysées in 10 minutes. Linens and towels are provided. there is a possibility of parking in the basement of the building as an option. "	Welcome to your Parisian property, which exudes coolness and comfort. Your cosy lounge has a small dining area and provides access to a pleasant furnished balcony, ideal for breakfast or an aperitif. Your 2 bedrooms are tastefully decorated to maximize your comfort and your bathroom has a bath to relax after a day of sightseeing.   Your accommodation is located on the border between the bucolic neighbourhood of Montmartre and the Canal Saint Martin, that we recommend you visit in the early evening. You are close to the Theatre des Bouffes du Nord, classified as an historical monument in 1993. Go and discover the bustling district of Barbès and then down to the Grands Boulevards district that includes several bars, restaurants and fashion boutiques. To visit the Rive Gauche district, Bastille or even the Champs Elysées, take the metro station close to your home.   A charming apartment to enjoy Paris, the City of Light. It is an apartment of 65m ² (700 ft ²) on the 2nd floor with lift, l
31571	Cet appartement peut accueillir 2 adultes. Il est entièrement refait à neuf, l'exposition du soleil y est très agréable car quasiment permanente. L'appartement est tout équipé avec du matériel moderne car neuf.  Il comprend un espace cuisine, salle à manger salon, chambre séparée par un rideau opaque et une salle de bain avec douche et wc. 	 Apartment is very well located, two minutes from the rue de Lévis and five minutes from the subway Villiers  (line 3). It is on the ground floor of course. The course is very nice little place for lunch as well exposé .Apartment is new and equipped Cet appartement peut accueillir 2 adultes. Il est entièrement refait à neuf, l'exposition du soleil y est très agréable car quasiment permanente. L'appartement est tout équipé avec du matériel moderne car neuf.  Il comprend un espace cuisine, salle à manger salon, chambre séparée par un rideau opaque et une salle de bain avec douche et wc.  Le parc Monceau se trouve à 10 minutes à pied de l'appartement. La gare Saint Lazare à 15 minutes à pieds et 10 minutes en métro. Le métro le plus proche est celui de Villiers sur la ligne 3 et 2. Vous vous trouvez au cœur du quartier des Batignoles, un quartier connu pour ces petits commerces, nombreuses terrasses de cafés, pleins de restaurants toujours chaleureux et deux marchés très vivants. L'un cou
31572		Située dans une rue calme dans un quartier animé (marché africain proche), cette belle chambre lumineuse et spacieuse, est située au 4e étage avec cuisine tout équipée et salle de bain neuve. Localisation idéale (lignes de métro 2, 4, 12) pour découvrir Paris.
31573	This studio of 24 m2 is functional. Small kitchen (new) fully equipped, bathroom, double bed  for 2 people, couch wich folds out into a bed.	Montmartre, charming studio of 24 m2, just renovated, in an funy and vibrant area, bars, restaurants, artists' galleries. The appartment is ideal for a couple, plus fold out bed for 2 additional people. This studio of 24 m2 is functional. Small kitchen (new) fully equipped, bathroom, double bed  for 2 people, couch wich folds out into a bed. I am available for any information about the area and Paris. The Montmartre district is a village within Paris known for its Basilica Sacrée Coeur, narrow streets, breathtaking views over Paris and the artists who lived there. Many shops nearby, including a very good bakery. Several subway lines and buses (M2, M4, M12, Bus 54, Bus 85, Bus 30), several Vlib (bicicle)fgj stations, providing easy access to many places or stations. A Metro, RER to Charles de Gaulle airport. The apartment is on the ground floor. The building has a charming interior courtyard.
31574	Appartement de 83m² situé en plein cœur de paris, dans le 18eme arrondissement, à 10 minutes à pied pour trouverez le bas des marches de Montmartre ;-)... Fraichement rénové à notre goût... l'appart est riche en couleur! Orienté plein Sud, vous apprécierez le soleil au petit déjeuner dans la cuisine et à l'apéro sur le balcon l'après-midi.  Il se situe au 5eme étage d'un immeuble (avec ascenseur), dans un parc résidentiel fermé, calme et arboré. Deux chambres spacieuses sont à votre disposition, chacune avec un lit double, nous avons un matelas une place en plus si nécessaire et un canapé lit 2places au salon, avec matelas Bultex épais et confortable.  La cuisine est équipée, ustensiles de cuisine et piano de cuisson pour vous servir, nous sommes amateurs de vaisselle, donc pas de lave-vaisselle. :-) La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire/douche. Équipements divers à votre disposition également: - Accès wifi - une Télé au salon et une autre dans une des 2 chambres - lave linge, é	83m², 10 minutes à pied pour arriver au bas des marches de Montmartre, dans une résidence calme et arborée au milieu d'un quartier vivant, orienté plein sud: soleil au p'tit dej' et soleil à l'apéro... Proche transports et commerces, proche tout! ;-) Appartement de 83m² situé en plein cœur de paris, dans le 18eme arrondissement, à 10 minutes à pied pour trouverez le bas des marches de Montmartre ;-)... Fraichement rénové à notre goût... l'appart est riche en couleur! Orienté plein Sud, vous apprécierez le soleil au petit déjeuner dans la cuisine et à l'apéro sur le balcon l'après-midi.  Il se situe au 5eme étage d'un immeuble (avec ascenseur), dans un parc résidentiel fermé, calme et arboré. Deux chambres spacieuses sont à votre disposition, chacune avec un lit double, nous avons un matelas une place en plus si nécessaire et un canapé lit 2places au salon, avec matelas Bultex épais et confortable.  La cuisine est équipée, ustensiles de cuisine et piano de cuisson pour vous servir, nous
31575	For your stay in Paris, I propose you my charming and cosy 2 rooms apartment. It is well furnished, light and calm, well located in the 18th district of Paris, close to Montmartre and Sacre Coeur, near metro, Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, RER ... Very convenient for visiting Paris.  3rd floor with lift, 45m ², parquet, fireplaces (convicted)  1 bedroom with double bed (140x190), on street side. the main room is quiet overlooking a courtyard, with a double bed sofa, TV, stereo, wireless internet, a table and chairs, and kitchen with bar, fridge / freezer, oven, micro-wave, gas kitchen  1 bathroom with shower and washing machine and separate toilet.  Very lively and cosmopolitan area, you can access the old Paris and Montmartre Abbesses in 10 minutes on foot and reach easily Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge on foot.  The apartment is located near the metro line 4 (2 minutes), which serves the center of Paris (St-Michel, St. Germain, the Louvre ...) and line 2 (5 minutes) which joins the Ch	For your stay in Paris, I propose you my charming and cosy 2 rooms apartment. It is well furnished, light and calm, well located in the 18th district of Paris, close to Montmartre and Sacre Coeur, near metro, Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, RER ... Very convenient for visiting Paris.  3rd floor with lift, 45m ², parquet, fireplaces (convicted)  1 bedroom with double bed (140x190), on street side. the main room is quiet overlooking a courtyard, with a double bed sofa, TV, stereo, wireless internet, a table and chairs, and kitchen with bar, fridge / freezer, oven, micro-wave, gas kitchen  1 bathroom with shower and washing machine and separate toilet.  Very lively and cosmopolitan area, you can access the old Paris and Montmartre Abbesses in 10 minutes on foot and reach easily Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge on foot.  The apartment is located near the metro line 4 (2 minutes), which serves the center of Paris (St-Michel, St. Germain, the Louvre ...) and line 2 (5 minutes) which joins the Ch
31576		Nice and cosy studio, with charming inner courtyard, in the heart of Montmartre and rue des Abbesses. The flat is located only 2 minutes by feet from Abbesses subway station, and 5 minutes from Sacred heart Basilica of Montmartre.
31577	Vue sur la tour Eiffel et Parc arboré privé	Appartement studio pour 2 personnes ,  salle de bain avec douche, équipement de cuisine, à 1 min du café des deux moulins, appartement clair, situé a 10min Place du Tertre Métro Blanche L2 ou ABBESSES L12 Vue sur la tour Eiffel et Parc arboré privé Cartier historique de Paris
31578	Un emplacement idéal, au cœur de Montmartre, au pied du métro Anvers, entouré de commerces et restaurants typiques du vieux Paris. L'appartement est accroché dans le ciel, avec vue de carte postale sur les toits de Paris et le Sacré-Cœur 	A charming three-bedroom appartment with a large living room
31579		Appartement Haussmannien refait à neuf. Ce grand 2 pièces calme et lumineux vous permettra de profiter de l'atmosphère de Montmartre à pied.  Commerces, bars, restaurants à quelques pas. Métro à 50m si (website hidden) - câble - Beertender - Carte Velib Disponible si besoin à l'arrivée pour la remise des clés.  Disponible par téléphone sur toute la durée du séjour. Nombreux restaurants avec terrasses à proximité. El brigante - Le ruisseau - La recyclerie - La Timbale - L'étoile de Montmartre Ligne 12 et ligne 4 à moins de 100m.
31580		"Enter this spacious first-floor apartment and you immediately feel 'at home' and secure in your own pied-a terre, located in the center of Abbesses, the most charming section of Montmartre. There is no elevator in this building. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. The Abbesses neighborhood of Montmartre still retains a wonderful 'village' quality - stroll along 'rue des Abbesses' and you will find dozens of small shops with the best Paris quality of foods, patisserie, fruits, charcuterie, cafés, bars & informal restaurants, all catering to the local Montmartrois 'on the go'. The apartment is just 60 yards from the Abbesses Metro. Rue Abbesses is always lively, day and night, and weekend street-markets add to its fun and variety. Our favorite stop for a quick bite is the ""Traiteur Asiatique"", on the north side of the street, but really one is spoiled for choice. If that is not enough, the famous ""rue des"
31581		Welcome! We are located down the hill the Sacré-Coeur, in a big, clean and modern 220 square-meters family loft. You will enjoy very comfy beds, your own bathrooms, quiet rooms and anything you need to feel at home. It's our pleasure to invite you! This is the only time this flat is on Airbnb. I'm on holiday, I'm 22, I love my city and would be pleased to give you some hints to discover Paris in a very unique way! We're right down Montmartre, in the center of Paris. It's not a touristic place, you'll be able to get some well deserved rest, and we have metro line 4 (and line 12) right next to here. You can get wherever you need in no-time while leaving the crowded touristic places! We have a private parking spot, 3 busses and 2 metro lines (4 and 12). You can get to any place in Paris in less than 30 minutes and with maximum 1 metro change from here.
31582	Very quiet and very bright ! A good size bedroom (17 m2) clean, and it has a balcony. And of course we provide you with clean sheets and towels. The large living room overlooks a big grass and trees courtyard. The building is 70's renovated. 	Welcome ! We'd be happy to host you in our large apartment (1200sq ft./ 3 bedrooms available) and help you discover the other Paris.  You'll be 5 min. away from Paris's biggest flea market (Les Puces) and 10 min from Montmartre :) Philippe & Marie Very quiet and very bright ! A good size bedroom (17 m2) clean, and it has a balcony. And of course we provide you with clean sheets and towels. The large living room overlooks a big grass and trees courtyard. The building is 70's renovated.  The Room and its balcony.There is a bathroom right next to your bedroom with shower.  You are welcome to the living room and if you need to use the kitchen you're welcome to it, just make sure you buy your ingredients ;) you'll have a fridge too. You're friendly, we're friendly  and respect each other's privacy, so interaction is to be excellent :) 5 minutes walk to the Paris Flea Market where you'll find everything from 50's vanity-case, sunglasses,   to an old camera to a 17th century museum piece. If 
31583	"Welcome to the northern part of Montmartre ! Behind the Sacré Coeur, 10 minutes away from the wine-growing hill. Calm and fully renovated, this appartment is made up of a 3 sleeping places living room, a little balcony, a well organized kitchen and a bathroom with its turquoise Venician mosaic. 3rd floor, without any lift, and no AC. Good safety with 2 lockers and 2 doors to come inside the building. Metallic shutters for hot summery nights, and curtains.  Everything to invite, share, relax and let yourselves enjoy Paris in a spirit of sobriety and elegance.. Cook available, to share unique french experience with cooking art, and a guide to discover Paris and her secrets. Be aware of this different part of Montmartre close to the Abbesses, to the wall of ""je t'aime"", the church of St Jean de Montmartre, the funicular and the place of ""Amélie Poulain"" movie.  Close of Marché St Pierre, fabrics and sewing stuff, Reine, and all shops about home and design. Walking 20mn is ""les Puces de Pa"	"In famous Montmartre, behind the Basilique sacré-Coeur, in the quiet part of the hill, you will appreciate the silence and the charm of this cute little flat, with ""cachet"". Wooden floors, venitian bathroom, modern kitchen, very functional to stay. Welcome to the northern part of Montmartre ! Behind the Sacré Coeur, 10 minutes away from the wine-growing hill. Calm and fully renovated, this appartment is made up of a 3 sleeping places living room, a little balcony, a well organized kitchen and a bathroom with its turquoise Venician mosaic. 3rd floor, without any lift, and no AC. Good safety with 2 lockers and 2 doors to come inside the building. Metallic shutters for hot summery nights, and curtains.  Everything to invite, share, relax and let yourselves enjoy Paris in a spirit of sobriety and elegance.. Cook available, to share unique french experience with cooking art, and a guide to discover Paris and her secrets. Be aware of this different part of Montmartre close to the Abbesses, t"
31584	Montmartre Sacred Heart: location studio, 26m2 in 2er floor with elevator, decorated in a simple and elegant: a kitchen with all utensils, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator with freezer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle , linen and crockery provided. The bathroom features a shower, sink and hairdryer. For maximum comfort, it also has TV, DVD, wi-fi, iron and ironing board, electric heating. Luxury building, close to shopping and transportation. A 50 m of the Sacred Heart, Montmartre atmosphere guaranteed. The area, known for its Basilica, located on a hill overlooking the city and from which one can enjoy the breathtaking panorama. Pigalle in the picturesque historic Moulin Rouge, the place full of bars of the shops Abbesses cheap Barbès, everything is at hand. To visit the place, the famous vineyards of Montmartre. Do not forget the history of Montmartre painters. The nineteenth and twentieth centuries, Montmartre has been a beacon of painting, featuring artists such as Pissarro, T	Montmartre Sacred Heart: location studio, 26m2 in 2er floor with elevator, decorated in a simple and elegant: a kitchen with all utensils, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator with freezer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle , linen and crockery provided. The bathroom features a shower, sink and hairdryer. For maximum comfort, it also has TV, DVD, wi-fi, iron and ironing board, electric heating. Luxury building, close to shopping and transportation. A 50 m of the Sacred Heart, Montmartre atmosphere guaranteed. The area, known for its Basilica, located on a hill overlooking the city and from which one can enjoy the breathtaking panorama. Pigalle in the picturesque historic Moulin Rouge, the place full of bars of the shops Abbesses cheap Barbès, everything is at hand. To visit the place, the famous vineyards of Montmartre. Do not forget the history of Montmartre painters. The nineteenth and twentieth centuries, Montmartre has been a beacon of painting, featuring artists such as Pissarro, T
31585	"DESCRIPTION EN FRANCAIS DISPONIBLE EN BAS DE PAGE, EN CLIQUANT SUR ""LANGUES"" Ideally located in a quiet section of Montmartre, this 1 bedroom apartment is located on the 3rd floor, (with elevator). It has been renovated and furnished in 2013. It faces a  large open-space and is therefore  bright and quiet.The  kitchen is fully equipped with oven, ceramic cook-top, micro wave oven, dish washer, washing machine, refrigerator and large freezer.  A 9meters (27foot)-long balcony is accessible from the living-room and the bedroom. A sofa-bed, in the living room, can accommodate one person. (120cmx200cm) Two very large  wardrobes are located in the corridor leading to the bedroom. In the bedroom, the bed is 160cmx200cm (king size), of high quality bedding, comfortable and brand new. The bathroom has a shower and a bath, heated towel rack and cupboards. The toilets are located separately. Central heating. Parking space available in the building at 15 euros per day. Sheets,duvet covers, tablecl"	"DESCRIPTION EN FRANCAIS DISPONIBLE EN BAS DE PAGE, EN CLIQUANT SUR ""LANGUES"" Ideally located in a quiet section of Montmartre, this 1 bedroom apartment is located on the 3rd floor, (with elevator). It has been renovated and furnished in 2013. It faces a  large open-space and is therefore  bright and quiet.The  kitchen is fully equipped with oven, ceramic cook-top, micro wave oven, dish washer, washing machine, refrigerator and large freezer.  A 9meters (27foot)-long balcony is accessible from the living-room and the bedroom. A sofa-bed, in the living room, can accommodate one person. (120cmx200cm) Two very large  wardrobes are located in the corridor leading to the bedroom. In the bedroom, the bed is 160cmx200cm (king size), of high quality bedding, comfortable and brand new. The bathroom has a shower and a bath, heated towel rack and cupboards. The toilets are located separately. Central heating. Parking space available in the building at 15 euros per day. Sheets,duvet covers, tablecl"
31586	Appartement confortable et chaleureux, situé au 4ème étage d'un immeuble agréable, il est très lumineux et ne donne pas sur la rue, il est donc très calme.  De nombreux rangements, une grande cuisine et une douche à l'italienne. 	2 pièces de 42m², lumineux, à côté du métro la Chapelle (Paris 18), parfait pour un couple. Lit 2 places + un canapé-lit, nombreux rangements. Appartement récent et calme qui ne donne pas sur la rue. 
31587		En plein coeur de MONTMARTRE ,dans le quartier des artistes aux abbesses.Rue calme, appartement typiquement montmartrois, charme, parquet, moulure,  double vitrage. idéalement situé à 3 minutes du metro Abbesses 2 pièces, Grand double living, cuisine
31588		Deux pièces typiquement parisien, pouvant accueillir quatre personnes, situé dans une impasse au calme en plein coeur de Pigalle. Profitez de sa cuisine équipée (four, lave vaisselle) et de sa salle de bain tout confort (baignoire, lave linge). 
31589		A french cute furnished flat, Spacious studio of 30m2 with corner room , brand new and fully equipped ! Sleeping capacity of 3 persons 1 double bed in the badroom and one sofa bed for one person in living room . Supermarkets, shops, restaurants, Bar
31590		Fully furnished studio all equipped in a very easy simple and modern way to feel exactly like home, relax and have the perfect stay! Access to the building is super easy and secure :) Any questions you might have I'm always happy to help and inform you about activities to do around :) This neighbourhood is different to the rest of Paris, much more bohemian, with little cute shops and bars, underground seen, very arty and young! Perfect location to visit vintage markets, eat traditional and international food. Very easy to get there 3 metro lines available Line 12 Jules Joffrin Line 4 Porte de Clignancourt Line 13 Guy Moquet
31591	This charming little love nest is only a 10 min walk to the beautiful Sacré-Cœur cathedral, the artist square of Monmatre and only a 15 min walk to the trendy Batignolles district.   The apartment  is located on the 6th floor (with elevator) of a original Haussmanien building.  You have a choice of 2 subway lines. The line 13, exiting at Guy Moquet station  (2 mins from the apartment) or the line 12, exiting at  Lamarck Caulaincourt station. This newly renovated love nest consists of a main room with a very comfortable pull out bed, a kichenette with burners and small fridge, and a fully equipped  bathroom with shower. The apartment also has wifi. It's only a 13 square meters flat but it's very cosy and decorated like home! Towels and linens included. Household chores included	This charming little love nest is only a 10 min walk to the beautiful Sacré-Cœur cathedral. It's not very big (only 14 square meters) but it's very cosy and there's everything you'll need in it! This charming little love nest is only a 10 min walk to the beautiful Sacré-Cœur cathedral, the artist square of Monmatre and only a 15 min walk to the trendy Batignolles district.   The apartment  is located on the 6th floor (with elevator) of a original Haussmanien building.  You have a choice of 2 subway lines. The line 13, exiting at Guy Moquet station  (2 mins from the apartment) or the line 12, exiting at  Lamarck Caulaincourt station. This newly renovated love nest consists of a main room with a very comfortable pull out bed, a kichenette with burners and small fridge, and a fully equipped  bathroom with shower. The apartment also has wifi. It's only a 13 square meters flat but it's very cosy and decorated like home! Towels and linens included. Household chores included There's a school 
31592	Appartement de charme de 70m carré pour deux personnes, très calme, dans le merveilleux quartier de Montmartre, situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, lumineux et confortable. Beaucoup de charme avec parquet au sol. Double séjour de 30 mètres carrés avec balcon, chambre avec grand lit double et vue magnifique sur les toits de Paris, grande cuisine toute équipée, salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne, toilettes, immeuble grand  standing avec ascenseur. Télévision, Wifi, rangements, ustensiles de cuisine,...  Tout le linge de maison ainsi que les serviettes sont fournis.  Le propriétaire, si vous le souhaitez, pourra vous donner de précieux conseils sur le quartier (restaurants, bars, endroits méconnus à visiter,...) et sur la ville en général.  Nouvelle annonce ! Loué uniquement sur la période du 26 Juin au 18 Juillet (5 nuits minimum) 	Appartement de charme et de standing dans le merveilleux quartier de Montmartre avec vue magnifique depuis la chambre sur les toits de Paris. 70m carré, très calme, très lumineux et confortable, parquet au sol, 6ème étage avec ascenseur,grand salon. Appartement de charme de 70m carré pour deux personnes, très calme, dans le merveilleux quartier de Montmartre, situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, lumineux et confortable. Beaucoup de charme avec parquet au sol. Double séjour de 30 mètres carrés avec balcon, chambre avec grand lit double et vue magnifique sur les toits de Paris, grande cuisine toute équipée, salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne, toilettes, immeuble grand  standing avec ascenseur. Télévision, Wifi, rangements, ustensiles de cuisine,...  Tout le linge de maison ainsi que les serviettes sont fournis.  Le propriétaire, si vous le souhaitez, pourra vous donner de précieux conseils sur le quartier (restaurants, bars, endroits méconnus à visiter,...) et sur la ville en général
31593	Located on a very quiet Montmartre Street, this spacious apartment of 60 m2 (650 sq ft) is on the 2nd floor. Entirely renovated and decorated, it has yet preserved entirely its original style with a wraparound balcony offering fantastic views on the Sacre-Coeur and its gardens and offering a master bedroom with a double bed with a dressing room, a double living room overlooking the gardens with a very comfortable sofa bed, a modern fully equipped kitchen ( oven, microwave, dishwasher ) and a very spacious bathroom hosting a large bathtub.  You can have breakfast, lunch and dinner on the balcony in front of the gardens and feel in the country listening to the birds singing in the heart of Paris ! A professional maid is in charge of the cleaning and ensures that bed linen and towels are changed before and after stays. The appartment contains :  High-speed Internet (WIFI)  - Flat screen with cable TV ( 82 cm) - Double bed (140 cm x 200 cm)  - Sofa bed (140 cm x 200 cm)  - Fully Fitted Kit	Exceptional appartment with a wraparound balcony in front of Sacre-Coeur Enjoy Paris during the day and relax in the country in the evening with a glass of wine on the balcony You can leave your luggage before and after your departure in a safe place Located on a very quiet Montmartre Street, this spacious apartment of 60 m2 (650 sq ft) is on the 2nd floor. Entirely renovated and decorated, it has yet preserved entirely its original style with a wraparound balcony offering fantastic views on the Sacre-Coeur and its gardens and offering a master bedroom with a double bed with a dressing room, a double living room overlooking the gardens with a very comfortable sofa bed, a modern fully equipped kitchen ( oven, microwave, dishwasher ) and a very spacious bathroom hosting a large bathtub.  You can have breakfast, lunch and dinner on the balcony in front of the gardens and feel in the country listening to the birds singing in the heart of Paris ! A professional maid is in charge of the clea
31594	Fully renovated this year, typical Paris Haussmannian style, quiet, decorated in a tasteful way near all commodities and very near from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur.	In a flowery backyard, a  magnificent studio of 20m2, quiet, sunny and fully equipped.  3mins walking from the nearest subway station (line4), in lively district at the foot of the Sacré-Coeur. This studio can comfortably accomodate two guests. Fully renovated this year, typical Paris Haussmannian style, quiet, decorated in a tasteful way near all commodities and very near from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. Free WIFI,  fully equipped kitchen, private bathroom with toilet and shower, TV set. We live nearby, we can welcome and advise our guests (french and english spoken, a little bit of german). Nearby subway stations line 4, 12 and 2 and many bus lines. Railway stations gare de l'Est and gare du Nord are 2 stations away on line 4. From gare du Nord, access to Airports through RER and to London by train with Eurostar.
31595	"Entirety of this small, cosy and sunny apartment, and enjoy the ""bourgeois bohemian"" way of life in Paris :) Fully furnished:  - kitchen with oven, fridge, all appliances  - free wireless / Wifi - sheets/towels provided  - large oriental bathroom (supplied hygiene products) - 1th floor walkup (no elevator - not needed)  - wood floors  - wonderful energy  Cool and safe ""melting pot"" neighborhood with perfect connexion to the rest of Paris. 1 minute walking to the Subway stop Barbes : line 4 and 2 enable to cross Paris from North to South, and from East to West !  Surrounding neighborhoods in easy walking distance:  - the popular, melting pot and vibrant north of Paris with TATI (no problem of safety. Barbes is becoming ""the place to be"" for students, artist people, teachers, etc. Despite of gentrification, it remains cool) - two of the oldest cinemas (movie theaters) of Paris : Studio 28 and le Louxor... as well as theaters (Cigalle, Trianon) and all you need like groceries, restaurants"	"Lovely colorful apartment to settle down or come for a short stay Fully furnished and comfortable (no noise)  Perfect location for visiting Paris (one minute walking distance from Subway) Vibrant ""bourgeois bohemian"" neighborhood Enjoy your stay! Entirety of this small, cosy and sunny apartment, and enjoy the ""bourgeois bohemian"" way of life in Paris :) Fully furnished:  - kitchen with oven, fridge, all appliances  - free wireless / Wifi - sheets/towels provided  - large oriental bathroom (supplied hygiene products) - 1th floor walkup (no elevator - not needed)  - wood floors  - wonderful energy  Cool and safe ""melting pot"" neighborhood with perfect connexion to the rest of Paris. 1 minute walking to the Subway stop Barbes : line 4 and 2 enable to cross Paris from North to South, and from East to West !  Surrounding neighborhoods in easy walking distance:  - the popular, melting pot and vibrant north of Paris with TATI (no problem of safety. Barbes is becoming ""the place to be"" for stu"
31596	This newly renovated apartment is fully equipped with : -bedroom with 2 people bed, large closet, clean sheets and pillows -living room with confortable convertible bed for 2, large plasma TV, bluray disc play, Internet and wifi access provided -kitchen with dishwasher, oven, ceramic glass cooktop, microwave oven, coffee machine, toaster, and a 60's design fridge/freezer -bathroom with large shower, toilet, clean towels, and a washing machine/dryer 	Lovely Loft very close to the Sacré Coeur. Ideal for walking in Montmartre and visiting Paris. Brand new 2-room apartment. 1 bed + 1 convertible couch (4 people max). Kitchen with full equipment. Large Plasma TV, Bluray & Internet/wifi provided. This newly renovated apartment is fully equipped with : -bedroom with 2 people bed, large closet, clean sheets and pillows -living room with confortable convertible bed for 2, large plasma TV, bluray disc play, Internet and wifi access provided -kitchen with dishwasher, oven, ceramic glass cooktop, microwave oven, coffee machine, toaster, and a 60's design fridge/freezer -bathroom with large shower, toilet, clean towels, and a washing machine/dryer This apartment is right next to the stairs heading to Sacré Coeur, at the top of Montmartre.  It is located between Lamarck Caulaincourt Metro Station (5 min by walk) and Jules Joffrin Metro Station (2 min by walk). There are alors many buses around the corner deserving different places in Paris Our 
31597	Le logement est très chaleureux et bien conçu. Une petite salle de bain avec douche et toilettes, des pierres apparentes au mur de la chambre. 	"Idéalement situé à 8 minutes du métro Marx Dormoy et 10 minutes de la butte Montmartre (en métro). Ce petit 2 pièces (23m2) est chaleureux et idéal pour un séjour à Paris en amoureux. Le logement est très chaleureux et bien conçu. Une petite salle de bain avec douche et toilettes, des pierres apparentes au mur de la chambre.  Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Je serai présente à l'arrivée et la fin du séjour, prête à expliquer aux voyageurs les ""bons plans"" du quartier.  Le quartier est en plein changement, des nouveaux petits cafés sympathique et pas chers ont ouvert ces deux dernières années. le marché de l'olive est situé à 2 pas et est un incontournable. L'appartement est également à 5 minutes à pied du ""Centquatre"", haut lieu de la culture urbaine, avec 2 cafés et des expos gratuites, des installations... Idéalement situé à 8 minutes du métro Marx Dormoy et 15 minutes du métro la Chapelle, à 25 minutes à pied de la Butte Montmartre (10 minutes en métro). "
31598		Deux pièces de 37m2 situé à 5 minutes a pieds de puces de clignancourt et 10 minutes à pied de montmartre. Une chambre avec lit double (140x200). Possibilité de coucher deux personnes de plus sur la canapé L appartement est calme. Wifi Machine à laver le linge Machine à café Nespresso Le linge est fourni (draps et serviettes de toilettes) Sèche cheveux Fer à repasser Le quartier de la Porte de Clignancourt vit au quotidien, avec une spécificité : son marché aux puces, mondialement réputé. Empruntez le dédale de ses ruelles. Zigzaguez parmi ses stands d’antiquités. Plongez dans la vie foisonnante du site avec plus de 3 000 boutiques et vendeurs. Trésors perdus, trouvailles vintage ou objets ingénieusement recyclés, à vous de dénicher la perle rare. Si vous ne voulez pas farfouiller, les petits traiteurs de délices du monde entier et les cafés intimistes viennent peupler les alentours de la mairie du 18e arrondissement. Metro porte de clignancourt (M4) Metro Jules Joffrin (M12) De nombre
31599	- Nice Living Room - Nice Bedroom 	We propose our small house (40m2) for nice week end closed to Sacre Coeur & Pigalles with a room (big bed) , a bathroom and one living  room. It is very quiet and perfect for a couple. - Nice Living Room - Nice Bedroom - Internet - Washing Machine - Kitchen (Tea, Coffee, Sugar)  We will be there at the begining and end of your week end.  Montmartre Sacré Coeur Buttes Chaumont Pigalles  Metro  Ligne 4 Barbès  Ligne 2 Anvers Ligne 12 Abesses It is possible to find a free place for your car closed to the house
31600	"Beautiful and large apartment with two piece in a total area of 37 m2, located in Pigalle in the 9th arrondissement (near the ""Sacré Coeur"" and the ""Moulin Rouge"") and more specifically Rue Frochot. The apartment was completely renovated in 2012. Ideal for a business or touristic stay in the capital, due to its privileged location (2 minutes by foot from Pigalle metro). The apartment is on the third floor, with elevator. It's adapted from 1 to 4 people, with a bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. Windows overlooking a courtyard closed. Concerning services & facilities: - Linens provided - Television - CanalSat - Wi-Fi - Combination Oven Microwave - Iron and ironing board - Vacuum - Closet in the bedroom Many tourist sites very close including the famous Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge at less than 5 minutes. Concerning transport the nearest metro station is Pigalle with line 2 (serving for example the Champs Elysees) and line 12. I remain at your disposal to answer at "	"Idéal pour un séjour professionnel ou touristique dans la capitale, de part son emplacement privilégié (à 2 minute à pied du métro Pigalle). Beautiful and large apartment with two piece in a total area of 37 m2, located in Pigalle in the 9th arrondissement (near the ""Sacré Coeur"" and the ""Moulin Rouge"") and more specifically Rue Frochot. The apartment was completely renovated in 2012. Ideal for a business or touristic stay in the capital, due to its privileged location (2 minutes by foot from Pigalle metro). The apartment is on the third floor, with elevator. It's adapted from 1 to 4 people, with a bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. Windows overlooking a courtyard closed. Concerning services & facilities: - Linens provided - Television - CanalSat - Wi-Fi - Combination Oven Microwave - Iron and ironing board - Vacuum - Closet in the bedroom Many tourist sites very close including the famous Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge at less than 5 minutes. Concerning transport t"
31601	Home in the middle of Paris!  Only a few steps from Sacré Coeur. Three minutes from Sacré Coeur in listed pretty street.  Straight up the steps at the top of the street, through the lovely gardens of Sacré Coeur and you're overlooking the whole of Paris! Building with digicode on the front door and inside security door.   Charming studio (fourth floor walk up), newly re-decorated, sleeps two, kitchenette with induction cooking rings, fridge and kitchen utensils, and shower room with shower, washbasin and toilet. WIFI, TV (with some English language channels, and many French ones!) and phone free to many international landlines.   Close to metros (lines 2 and 4) and buses (one bus direct down to the Louvre), really lovely neighbourhood with great shopping, friendly cafés, lots of restaurants, and typical Parisian charm all around, (sadly disappearing now from places like the Marais where you get a lot fewer funky individual shops and restaurants).  Easy, comfortable atmosphere and a nic	Charming, quiet, 4th floor walk up studio with wifi, TV and phone. Kitchenette with induction cooking and fridge. Shower room with toilet.  Comfy pull out sofa bed.  All very pretty in perfect location close to metros and wonderful neighbourhood.. Home in the middle of Paris!  Only a few steps from Sacré Coeur. Three minutes from Sacré Coeur in listed pretty street.  Straight up the steps at the top of the street, through the lovely gardens of Sacré Coeur and you're overlooking the whole of Paris! Building with digicode on the front door and inside security door.   Charming studio (fourth floor walk up), newly re-decorated, sleeps two, kitchenette with induction cooking rings, fridge and kitchen utensils, and shower room with shower, washbasin and toilet. WIFI, TV (with some English language channels, and many French ones!) and phone free to many international landlines.   Close to metros (lines 2 and 4) and buses (one bus direct down to the Louvre), really lovely neighbourhood with gr
31602	It is a very charming and traditional Parisian apartment! Although it is small, the space has been used very well and it is decorated very nicely with a lot of luxury finishes. It has 2 balconies with an amazing view of the paris sky line and the Scare Coeur! Perfect for relaxing with a glass of wine.	Charming apartmennt situated in the heart of Montmartre. 2 Balconies with a view of the Sacre Coeur and part of the Paris sky line. Good Kitchen with washing machine. A large double bed that comes down from the wall. Clean and modern decor. It is a very charming and traditional Parisian apartment! Although it is small, the space has been used very well and it is decorated very nicely with a lot of luxury finishes. It has 2 balconies with an amazing view of the paris sky line and the Scare Coeur! Perfect for relaxing with a glass of wine. I have everything you need for a holiday apartment!I have wifi and an iPad that is available for use. I have a great shower with lots of hot water. It has a very comfortable and huge bed. A big TV, heater, juicer, tea and coffee, washing machine, Oven, Fridge, Sandwich maker, all cutlery and plates and many glasses. I always meet my guests to show them around the apartment and give them the keys and meet them at the end of their stay to collect the key
31603	Mon appartement est situé à 7 minutes à pied de la station Jules Joffrin (mairie du 18ème). C'est un appartement haussmanien typique, de 40m carré avec parquet, moulure et cheminées. Il est composé d'un salon, une chambre, un couloir, une cuisine séparée, une salle de bain avec des toilettes. Un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé dans le salon, qui n'est pas un canapé lit mais très confortable donc il est possible d'y dormir. La chambre donne sur la cour donc est très calme, et le salon sur la rue. Le salon est aussi très calme car il a des doubles vitrages très efficaces. L'immeuble a été récemment ravalé, avec code et interphone. L'intérieur de l'immeuble va bientôt être ravalé car la peinture est un peu abimée. L'appartement est situé au 3eme étage sans ascenseur.	Deux pièces de 40 m2 très mignon et fonctionnel à 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, le métro le plus proche, Jules Joffrin, est à 7minutes à pied. Appartement ancien avec parquet moulure et cheminée, très bien agencé, lumineux, et calme! Mon appartement est situé à 7 minutes à pied de la station Jules Joffrin (mairie du 18ème). C'est un appartement haussmanien typique, de 40m carré avec parquet, moulure et cheminées. Il est composé d'un salon, une chambre, un couloir, une cuisine séparée, une salle de bain avec des toilettes. Un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé dans le salon, qui n'est pas un canapé lit mais très confortable donc il est possible d'y dormir. La chambre donne sur la cour donc est très calme, et le salon sur la rue. Le salon est aussi très calme car il a des doubles vitrages très efficaces. L'immeuble a été récemment ravalé, avec code et interphone. L'intérieur de l'immeuble va bientôt être ravalé car la peinture est un peu abimée. L'appartement est situé au 3eme é
31604	Ce logement possède une pièce principale, une cuisine (séparée de la pièce principale) et une salle de bain séparée également avec une douche spacieuse.	Ce logement possède une pièce principale, une cuisine (séparée de la pièce principale) et une salle de bain séparée également avec une douche spacieuse. Connexion Internet Orange (fibre optique),  TV avec toutes les chaines Orange, Ainsi qu'un amplificateur de réseau téléphonique si vous avez un abonnement téléphonique chez Orange également. Je réponds à tous les messages que l'ont m'envoi, et si nous trouvons un accord je vous rencontrerez lors de votre arrivée ainsi que le jour du départ. Commerces aux alentours pour faire les courses ou pour manger un morceau. Métro Marx Dormoy ou Porte de la Chapelle à coté du logement sur la ligne 12, plusieurs bus également aux alentours. Pour plus de détails pour les intéressés veuillez me contacter.
31605	"Flat Studio 25m2 (270 sq feet) that was renovated and fully equiped : 1 sofa bed for 2 1 bed for 2  1 table and 4 chairs  Flat screen 3d Tv with over 200 channels (international channels included) and with internet (LAN broadband and wifi) + multimedia player for movies Téléphone where you can call over 100 countries fixed phone Kitchen with equipment : Fridge Washing machine Micro wave Located in the 18th district, quite close from Montmartre (around 15 min walk by foot or 5 minutes ride by bus). It si very closes to the metro 3 minutes from metro station Simplon (line 4) or 5 min l12 (6 min) Montmartre is very famous because of  - the church ""Basilique sacre coeur"",  - museums, - theatres - ""place du tertre"" where you cans find a lot of painters"	"Nice and well furnished studio, with wifi, cable TV, and phone 2 beds so maximum for 4 people. Lot of supermarkets nearby and near the metro station. 15 min walk to go to the Church in Montmartre and 5 min walk from the flea market Flat Studio 25m2 (270 sq feet) that was renovated and fully equiped : 1 sofa bed for 2 1 bed for 2  1 table and 4 chairs  Flat screen 3d Tv with over 200 channels (international channels included) and with internet (LAN broadband and wifi) + multimedia player for movies Téléphone where you can call over 100 countries fixed phone Kitchen with equipment : Fridge Washing machine Micro wave Located in the 18th district, quite close from Montmartre (around 15 min walk by foot or 5 minutes ride by bus). It si very closes to the metro 3 minutes from metro station Simplon (line 4) or 5 min l12 (6 min) Montmartre is very famous because of  - the church ""Basilique sacre coeur"",  - museums, - theatres - ""place du tertre"" where you cans find a lot of painters Guests wil"
31606	Very nice 30m2 apartment.  The bedroom is separated, with an amazing queen size bed that I bought throught Sofitel.  The wifi and TV (with Netflix) at here at your convenience.	Charming 2 rooms apartment located 15 min walking from Montmartre, SoPi and Batignolles. 30m2 spacious, very luminous and quiet. Very nice 30m2 apartment.  The bedroom is separated, with an amazing queen size bed that I bought throught Sofitel.  The wifi and TV (with Netflix) at here at your convenience. Me or a friend of will will meet with you to give you the key.  Leave the key inside and shut the door once you're leaving.  Easy :)  I love my neighborhood, there are so many things to do :  - South Pigalle (SoPi) : this is where everybody goes for dinner and drinks during the week and weekends. A 15 to 20'' walk. Easy if you party a bit too hard and can't find a taxi.  - Batignolles: A 10'' walk from the house. Lots of cool restaurants. Couple of nice parks too. - Montmartre : 10'' walking to the famous Butte.  - Gare Saint Lazare, Montparnasse, Est : easy to access with the bus & metro close by Bus : 81 and 31  Metro : 13  Stop at Guy Moquet
31607		We are in 'Amelie'’s quartier. The Marche de la Butte, the picturesque produce shop where she hung out, is right off Place des Abbesses. Down the street is rue Lepic, Montmartre’s best market street. Our flat is on the first floor without lift. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. If you want to steep in a Paris experience, you cannot do better: prize-winning, artisanal boulangeries and patisseries, flower shops, cafes, restaurants, boutiques, bookstores, cheese shops, wine stores, all in endless supply. A few blocks away, at the foot of the butte, is Paris's fabrics district (Marche St Pierre), including Dreyfus, six floors of every imaginable material, colour and design. The neighborhood is also full of guitar stores. Down a side street off Houdon is a modest atelier where a master craftsman makes harpsichords. Just on our little block-long rue Houdon are found the following: a cafe at each end of the 
31608	Our studio is fortunate to have this quiet little garden in which to dine, relax or have a drink under the pergola and where the maquis Montmartre exudes freshness and charm. Our neighborhood is picturesque and you can walk and you walk to the Sacre Coeur and enjoy Parisian life or relax staying calm in our tranquil studio. The neighborhood is very lively shopping with many nice bars and restaurants that we can advise you.  Some information about the accommodation:  - Refurbished  - Ground floor, access by a court  - Back door into the studio that overlooks our garden  - Quality sofa bed  - Large storage  - TV, DVD player, radio, bluetooth docking station for iphone or ipod  - wi-fi  - American kitchen with induction hob, fridge, toaster, kettle, microwave (no machine washing machine and dishwasher, but laundromat located 20m from the studio)  -Shower, electric towel rail, hair dryer  -Table and chairs under a pergola, electric barbecue. Services offered:  -Bed linen, towels, basic pro	CHARM. Very nice studio in ground floor with little private garden located in the jungle of Montmartre.  Quiet and birdsong in central Paris. Tastefully renovated by an interior designer. Access to Montmartre and Sacre Coeur by picturesque stairways Our studio is fortunate to have this quiet little garden in which to dine, relax or have a drink under the pergola and where the maquis Montmartre exudes freshness and charm. Our neighborhood is picturesque and you can walk and you walk to the Sacre Coeur and enjoy Parisian life or relax staying calm in our tranquil studio. The neighborhood is very lively shopping with many nice bars and restaurants that we can advise you.  Some information about the accommodation:  - Refurbished  - Ground floor, access by a court  - Back door into the studio that overlooks our garden  - Quality sofa bed  - Large storage  - TV, DVD player, radio, bluetooth docking station for iphone or ipod  - wi-fi  - American kitchen with induction hob, fridge, toaster, k
31609		My Studio is sweet and simple, close to Montmartre and Pigalle, you can see the Sacré Coeur from the window of the living room. It got everything you'll need, so if you want to spend a little weekend or more in Paris you'll be satisfied !
31610	Chambre dans un appartement très agréable, orienté plein sud-plein ouest avec un jardin commun de 350m2 environ.  Je vis dans le salon, la chambre est dédiée aux visiteurs. La vue donne sur le jardin, on voit également les jardins d'Éole et à l'horizon, le sacré-cœur et Montmartre. 	Je loue une chambre très lumineuse (orientée plein sud), calme et bien située à la jonction du 19e, 18e et 10e arrondissement de Paris. Je vis dans l'autre pièce. La cuisine, la salle de bain et les toilettes sont partagés. Chambre dans un appartement très agréable, orienté plein sud-plein ouest avec un jardin commun de 350m2 environ.  Je vis dans le salon, la chambre est dédiée aux visiteurs. La vue donne sur le jardin, on voit également les jardins d'Éole et à l'horizon, le sacré-cœur et Montmartre. Les voyageurs ont une chambre privée avec un lit, des plantes vertes et beaucoup d'espaces de rangement. Les lieux partagés sont : - la cuisine (équipée : pratique pour cuisiné et agréable pour y manger) - la salle de bain (petite : une douche et un lavabo)  - les toilettes - le jardin Il y a également un accès à internet en wifi. Je vis dans l'appartement et souhaite faire un accueil agréable aux personnes qui viendront passer un séjour à Paris.  Si ils le souhaitent, je pourrais leur in
31611	Appartement composé d'un grand séjour avec cuisine ouverte, salle de bain avec baignoire, 2 grandes chambres avec un accès direct sur la terrasse, WC isolés, terrasse en longueur exposée plein sud donnant sur les rails de la gare de l'Est. Grandes baies vitrées qui donnent beaucoup de lumière.  Très moderne, ascenseur, insonorisation et sécurité (plusieurs codes d'accès). 	Bel appartement spacieux avec une terrasse dans un immeuble moderne au coeur d'un quartier sympa et cosmopolite. Proche du Sacré-Cœur et facilement accessible en transport en commun. A beautiful and spacious flat with a terrace in a modern and safe building is situated in a friendly and cosmoplitan neighborhood. Appartement composé d'un grand séjour avec cuisine ouverte, salle de bain avec baignoire, 2 grandes chambres avec un accès direct sur la terrasse, WC isolés, terrasse en longueur exposée plein sud donnant sur les rails de la gare de l'Est. Grandes baies vitrées qui donnent beaucoup de lumière.  Très moderne, ascenseur, insonorisation et sécurité (plusieurs codes d'accès). Appartement & local à vélo. Quartier très vivant et bobo, bars et restaurants éclectiques et branchés, parc et du canal St Martin pour balades, La Villette et Le 104 pour sorties culturelles, Marché de l'Olive pour trouver des produits frais et traiteurs. Métros : ligne 2 à La Chapelle (3 minutes), lignes 5 et
31612	Charmant appartement 2 pièces avec parquet, moulures et cheminée, au pied de Montmartre	Charmant appartement de deux pièces, au pied de Montmartre. Salon avec parquet et cheminée, chambre avec dressing, cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec douche et toilette séparé. Situé à la mairie du 18eme, métro Jules Joffrin, au pieds des marches de Montmartre. Quartier vivant, jeune et dynamique. Appartement de 30m², troisième étage (sans ascenseur) Charmant appartement 2 pièces avec parquet, moulures et cheminée, au pied de Montmartre Internet, TV Métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 2) ou métro marcadet (ligne 4)
31613	The appeal of Montmartre is confirmed in every street. If the Sacré-Coeur is a must-see, the Abbesses have to be visited as well as nocturnal Pigalle. Perfect to settle your luggage, this retro apartment has 2 rooms and a lot of style. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of lovely building typical of Montmartre, directly accessible by the elevator. It has a secured access. The flat overlooks the street. With its wooden floor and ceiling moldings, the marble fireplaces and the stained-glass effects, this apartment offers the traditional style charm. The ensemble- distributed by the hall – consists of 2 bedrooms furnished with beds and closet. One bedroom has a 140 cm double bed and the other one includes two 90 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed. The living room overlooks both the street and a small courtyard; it has a 140 cm sofa bed, 2 armchairs and a flat screen TV. The closet and separated WC are in the hall. The independent kitchen is equipped with	The appeal of Montmartre is confirmed in every street. If the Sacré-Coeur is a must-see, the Abbesses have to be visited as well as nocturnal Pigalle. Perfect to settle your luggage, this retro apartment has 2 rooms and a lot of style. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of lovely building typical of Montmartre, directly accessible by the elevator. It has a secured access. The flat overlooks the street. With its wooden floor and ceiling moldings, the marble fireplaces and the stained-glass effects, this apartment offers the traditional style charm. The ensemble- distributed by the hall – consists of 2 bedrooms furnished with beds and closet. One bedroom has a 140 cm double bed and the other one includes two 90 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed. The living room overlooks both the street and a small courtyard; it has a 140 cm sofa bed, 2 armchairs and a flat screen TV. The closet and separated WC are in the hall. The independent kitchen is equipped with
31614	Appartement au quatrième et dernier étage d'un petit immeuble à l'angle de la prestigieuse avenue Junot, célèbre pour ses maisons Art Déco, et de la charmante Villa Léandre, une impasse Montmatroise bordée de maisons de style anglo-normand. L'appartement possède tout le cachet du style Art déco: un parquet ciré, une cheminée en marbre dans le salon (pas en fonction), un carrelage et des tomettes d'origine dans la cuisine et la salle de bain. Un large couloir dessert toutes les pièces : une grande chambre avec un lit de 160 x 200 cm qui donne du côté de l'impasse Villa Léandre (donc très calme), une salle de bain avec baignoire, un salon avec une double exposition et un canapé convertible et enfin un petit dressing. Des fenêtres ou des porte-fenêtres sont présentes dans toutes les pièces et donnent sur un balcon filant qui fait le tour de l'appartement. La vue du 4ème étage domine les toits de Paris puisque l'appartement est déjà situé sur une butte.	Appartement situé à l'angle de la prestigieuse avenue Junot et de la paisible Villa Léandre, en plein coeur de Montmartre. Dernier étage et vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris.  Appartement au quatrième et dernier étage d'un petit immeuble à l'angle de la prestigieuse avenue Junot, célèbre pour ses maisons Art Déco, et de la charmante Villa Léandre, une impasse Montmatroise bordée de maisons de style anglo-normand. L'appartement possède tout le cachet du style Art déco: un parquet ciré, une cheminée en marbre dans le salon (pas en fonction), un carrelage et des tomettes d'origine dans la cuisine et la salle de bain. Un large couloir dessert toutes les pièces : une grande chambre avec un lit de 160 x 200 cm qui donne du côté de l'impasse Villa Léandre (donc très calme), une salle de bain avec baignoire, un salon avec une double exposition et un canapé convertible et enfin un petit dressing. Des fenêtres ou des porte-fenêtres sont présentes dans toutes les pièces et donnent sur un balc
31615		Comfortable and luminous 3rd floor-appt in center Abbesses with view on Eiffel Tower, composed of 2 independent double bedrooms and a sunny living room! You'll be 100 meters away from South Pigalle night life, Montmartre basilique, Moulin Rouge,... Guest 
31616		3 lits avec 6 couchages sont à votre disposition. 
31617	"Modern and luminous Flat . 2 rooms, fully equiped ! Entrance with storage space. Bathroom with shower, sink, WC and washing machine. Fully equiped kitchen, modern and clean, opened to the living room and with nice view to Paris'roof and Montmartre. The bedroom contains storage space, one comfortable bed for two with the view again to Montmartre. There is free acess to TV and internet ! The district's very lively with many restaurants and bars. It's the boho district of Paris !! You'll love it ! Especially for Christmas time !!  Close by : The very famous ""Puces de Saint Ouen"" (flea market), basilica Montmartre , le moulin rouge, and so on.. Metro station : Jules Joffrin (12) or Simplon (4). "	"Modern and luminous Flat . 2 rooms, fully equiped ! Entrance with storage space. Bathroom with shower, sink, WC and washing machine. Fully equiped kitchen, modern and clean, opened to the living room and with nice view to Paris'roof and Montmartre. The bedroom contains storage space, one comfortable bed for two with the view again to Montmartre. There is free acess to TV and internet ! The district's very lively with many restaurants and bars. It's the boho district of Paris !! You'll love it ! Especially for Christmas time !!  Close by : The very famous ""Puces de Saint Ouen"" (flea market), basilica Montmartre , le moulin rouge, and so on.. Metro station : Jules Joffrin (12) or Simplon (4). "
31618	The trump card of la Marquise de Montmartre, is its ideal location on one of Montmartre's main streets, a stone throw away from Moulin Rouge, Place de Clichy, Abbesses, and the tourist-popular subway stations, but also, there is its 7th floor spectacular views, and its private car park. Also , its not cluttered with personal items, but clearly for rental purposes...	A lighted fully furnished and renovated flat(70m2), ideally located 7th floor elevator   in the upscale  safety  part  of Montmartre,  a stone trhrow of  Place de Clichy, Abbesses, Moulin Rouge  .its clearly for rental (not cluttered ...) The trump card of la Marquise de Montmartre, is its ideal location on one of Montmartre's main streets, a stone throw away from Moulin Rouge, Place de Clichy, Abbesses, and the tourist-popular subway stations, but also, there is its 7th floor spectacular views, and its private car park. Also , its not cluttered with personal items, but clearly for rental purposes... besides the welcome free basket  composed of an area maps, metro and buses map, with informations about city activity, teeth brush, nail file, and good bootle of french wine The bar kitchen is equiped of induction hob, oven, micro waves,mixer blend, toaster refrigerator, dishwasher, washing machine, classic coffeemachine, and nespresso machine The living room is equiped of large screen tv,
31619	Ce charmant studio Montmartrois de 24 m² refait à neuf, situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, vous propose tout le confort nécessaire pour passez de bons moments sur Paris avec : une cuisine équipé (four combiné, hotte, lave vaisselle, frigo avec compartiment de congélation),  un espace pour manger comprenant une table modulable et 4 chaises,  un espace salon avec Tv écran plat,  Wifi - Fibre Optique Je mets à votre disposition draps et serviettes, ustensiles de cuisine, Capsules pour lave vaisselle et lave linge. Il suffit de sortir de l'appartement et vous serez à quelques pas seulement du Sacré Cœur, ne passez pas à côté de cette magnifique vue panoramique de Paris du haut de la butte Montmartre. Il suffit de flâner dans les rues au gré des bistrots et des artistes de rues, qui font le charme de Montmartre, pour se sentir envahit d'une ambiance typiquement Montmartroise. Un saut dans une rame de la ligne 12 vous mènera rapidement aux Grands Magasins ou encore Place de la Concorde. Com	Ce charmant studio Montmartrois de 24 m² refait à neuf, situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, vous propose tout le confort nécessaire pour passez de bons moments sur Paris avec : une cuisine équipé (four combiné, hotte, lave vaisselle, frigo avec compartiment de congélation),  un espace pour manger comprenant une table modulable et 4 chaises,  un espace salon avec Tv écran plat,  Wifi - Fibre Optique Je mets à votre disposition draps et serviettes, ustensiles de cuisine, Capsules pour lave vaisselle et lave linge. Il suffit de sortir de l'appartement et vous serez à quelques pas seulement du Sacré Cœur, ne passez pas à côté de cette magnifique vue panoramique de Paris du haut de la butte Montmartre. Il suffit de flâner dans les rues au gré des bistrots et des artistes de rues, qui font le charme de Montmartre, pour se sentir envahit d'une ambiance typiquement Montmartroise. Un saut dans une rame de la ligne 12 vous mènera rapidement aux Grands Magasins ou encore Place de la Concorde. Com
31620	There is a very quiet separate bedroom with a 2 people bed and a comfortable convertible sofa - bultex mattress - in the living room for 2 people. Both the living room and the bedroom look onto very quiet private courtyards.  The glass wall makes it very bright and stylish, the bathroom is very colorful and pleasant and the bedroom is quiet and comfy.  The open kitchen is very spacious and you'll enjoy cooking or having breakfasts there.	Live like a French! The apartment is very comfortable and cosy. I have recently renovated it, decoration is very personal and unique as everything comes from treasures I brought back from my travels and flea markets. There is a very quiet separate bedroom with a 2 people bed and a comfortable convertible sofa - bultex mattress - in the living room for 2 people. Both the living room and the bedroom look onto very quiet private courtyards.  The glass wall makes it very bright and stylish, the bathroom is very colorful and pleasant and the bedroom is quiet and comfy.  The open kitchen is very spacious and you'll enjoy cooking or having breakfasts there. Full apartment, on the 3rd floor with no elevator, fully equipped with washing machine, dishwasher, kettle, oven, microwave, juicer, blender, toaster, iron, bathtub and access to a lovely green courtyard.  1x 2 people bed in the bedroom 1x 2 people convertible sofa in the living room - very large Wifi and TV. Check in usually at 12noon and
31621	Very cosy apartment in Montmartre !	Single room with a private shower.  Very nice neighborhood...
31622	2 room apartment (a living room and a bedroom - 23 sq. meters), located in the Montmartre area. The flat is located 10/15 minutes walking from “La butte Montmartre”, in a very dynamic and animated area. All types of shops and supermarkets nearby, a large number of cafes and restaurants; metro station (Jules Joffrin) is 5/10 minutes walking from the flat.  Quick access to all the touristic attractions of Paris. For more information, please don’t hesitate to contact me, I’ll answer you very quickly (contact in English, French, Spanish or Russian).	2 room apartment (a living room and a bedroom - 23 sq. meters), located in the Montmartre area. The flat is located 10/15 minutes walking from “La butte Montmartre”, in a very dynamic and animated area. All types of shops and supermarkets nearby, a large number of cafes and restaurants; metro station (Jules Joffrin) is 5/10 minutes walking from the flat.  Quick access to all the touristic attractions of Paris. For more information, please don’t hesitate to contact me, I’ll answer you very quickly (contact in English, French, Spanish or Russian).
31623	There is a bedroom with a double bed, a spacious living room with a sofa-bed for 2 people, an open kitchen, a bathroom with shower and separated toilets. The apartment offers WiFi access, cable television (over 200 French and international channels, including SkyNews, CNBC, BBC World News and CNN),  The kitchen is equipped with an oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, fridge, freezer, cooking utensils… There is also a washing machine, hair dryer, iron and ironing board… You can use books (some in English) and DVD. Sheets and towels are provided It's located at the 3rd floor, without elevator, with view on courtyard.	The apartment, well equipped, is ideal for a couple, but can easily accommodate 4 people thanks to the spacious living room. It’s well located near Montmartre and subway stations, in an old charming and very quiet building, at the 3rd floor, with view on courtyard. There is a bedroom with a double bed, a spacious living room with a sofa-bed for 2 people, an open kitchen, a bathroom with shower and separated toilets. The apartment offers WiFi access, cable television (over 200 French and international channels, including SkyNews, CNBC, BBC World News and CNN),  The kitchen is equipped with an oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, fridge, freezer, cooking utensils… There is also a washing machine, hair dryer, iron and ironing board… You can use books (some in English) and DVD. Sheets and towels are provided It's located at the 3rd floor, without elevator, with view on courtyard. The apartment is very well located: 200 m by foot from Barbès-Rochechouart subway station (lines 2 et 4) 600 m by 
31624	Dans un appartement de 100m2, avec 2 salles d'eau ,2 toilettes,  cuisine aménagé.	Dans un Appartement de 100M2, 2 belle chambres . Le logement se situe dans un quartier animé et dynamique. Proche de tout e commodité. Metro Ligne 4,12 Bus 85,56,31 Parking  Dans un appartement de 100m2, avec 2 salles d'eau ,2 toilettes,  cuisine aménagé. Metro Line 4 , 12 Marcadet poissonnier Parking  NON Quartier Simplon, agréable et animé. Metro Ligne 4,12  Bus 85,65,31 No Smoking The 2 others rooms are rents by 2 studients.
31625	A 5 minutes de la place du tertre et du sacre-cœur dans une rue calme à voie unique ce petit 3 pièces vous accueille  toute l année ... Proche métro et bus ... Marchés et supermarchés ..  Immeuble art deco au rez de chaussée vue d angle ... 1 chambre couple et 1 chambre lits jumeaux superposes .. Sdb douche et cuisine .. Salle a manger .  Wifi  et télévision câble  Quartier du 18 eme  commerçant et à 5 minutes à pied du haut Montmartre avec ses restaurants et ses jardins .  Métro : Lamarck Caulaincourt ligne 12 ou château rouge ligne 4 . Bus (phone number hidden) et montmartrobus ...  	Appartement tranquille avec une concierge très bien situé à 5 mn à pied du sacré-coeur. Métro à 2 mn, bus à 50m. tous les magasins à proximité immédiate. A 5 minutes de la place du tertre et du sacre-cœur dans une rue calme à voie unique ce petit 3 pièces vous accueille  toute l année ... Proche métro et bus ... Marchés et supermarchés ..  Immeuble art deco au rez de chaussée vue d angle ... 1 chambre couple et 1 chambre lits jumeaux superposes .. Sdb douche et cuisine .. Salle a manger .  Wifi  et télévision câble  Quartier du 18 eme  commerçant et à 5 minutes à pied du haut Montmartre avec ses restaurants et ses jardins .  Métro : Lamarck Caulaincourt ligne 12 ou château rouge ligne 4 . Bus (phone number hidden) et montmartrobus ...  Wifi  et télévision câble  Quartier du 18 eme  commerçant et à 5 minutes à pied du haut montmartre avec ses restaurants et ses jardins .  Métro : Lamarck Caulaincourt ligne 12 ou château rouge ligne 4 . Bus  et montmartrobus ... Ligne bus : (phone number
31626	Comfortable and bright, 10 minutes from Montmartre and Sacré-Coeur, this cosy flat is perfect for couples or friends. All amenities including :  TV  Wifi  Washing machine Big kitchen Bed for 2 + Big and confortable sofa for 2  Ideally placed between Montmartre and Canal de l'Ourcq/St Martin.  Just next to the Train Station Gare du Nord (RER, Métro, Eurostar, Thalys, TGV), bus station, metro station (L. 4/5/2), velib ( bike location)	Really bright flat ideally placed between Montmartre/Sacré Coeur and Canal de l'Ourcq/St Martin, kicthen open to the living-room, 1 bed 2 places + 1 sofa 2 pl. Washing machine, WI-FI, TV. All transports, 2 min. from Gare du Nord Train Station Comfortable and bright, 10 minutes from Montmartre and Sacré-Coeur, this cosy flat is perfect for couples or friends. All amenities including :  TV  Wifi  Washing machine Big kitchen Bed for 2 + Big and confortable sofa for 2  Ideally placed between Montmartre and Canal de l'Ourcq/St Martin.  Just next to the Train Station Gare du Nord (RER, Métro, Eurostar, Thalys, TGV), bus station, metro station (L. 4/5/2), velib ( bike location)
31627		Private room in cosy appartment
31628	"The room is in a bright and quiet 40 sqm apartment, near the subway station Guy Moquet (line 13) or Lamark (line 12). It is located in a typical Parisian building between two courtyards. The room overlooks a corridor serving the bathroom, the living room and the kitchen. During the stay, the (s) traveler (s) may use the bathroom and the kitchen, where you can cook. As I sleep in the living room, it is only avaliable during the day. The neighborhood is quiet, and the flat is close to a small parc. It offers several charming restaurants and all you need for shopping. You can go to Montmartre by foot in less than ten minutes or by a small bu called ""La traverse"". The travellers appreciate a nice courtyard, a quiet place, a bright apartment. I provide clean sheets and towels. "	"The room is located in a bright and calm appartment, ten minutes by foot from Montmartre. The building is from 1905. The room is in a bright and quiet 40 sqm apartment, near the subway station Guy Moquet (line 13) or Lamark (line 12). It is located in a typical Parisian building between two courtyards. The room overlooks a corridor serving the bathroom, the living room and the kitchen. During the stay, the (s) traveler (s) may use the bathroom and the kitchen, where you can cook. As I sleep in the living room, it is only avaliable during the day. The neighborhood is quiet, and the flat is close to a small parc. It offers several charming restaurants and all you need for shopping. You can go to Montmartre by foot in less than ten minutes or by a small bu called ""La traverse"". The travellers appreciate a nice courtyard, a quiet place, a bright apartment. I provide clean sheets and towels. "
31629	L'appartement de 48m² est moderne, il est composé d'un salon spacieux, d'une chambre, d'une cuisine équipée et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire.  Il est également doté d'un balcon avec table, chaises et un transat pour profiter directement du soleil de 7h30 jusqu'à environ 14h. Parfait pour le petit-déjeuner. La vue est dégagée car l'immeuble en vis à vis est plus bas que l'appartement.  	Appartement moderne, salon, une chambre, balcon avec table et chaises, idéal pour prendre le petit-déjeuner et l'apéritif. Le quartier est très vivant et bien desservi par les transports (ligne 4, 12, 13, Bus 95 et 60 juste en bas) L'appartement de 48m² est moderne, il est composé d'un salon spacieux, d'une chambre, d'une cuisine équipée et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire.  Il est également doté d'un balcon avec table, chaises et un transat pour profiter directement du soleil de 7h30 jusqu'à environ 14h. Parfait pour le petit-déjeuner. La vue est dégagée car l'immeuble en vis à vis est plus bas que l'appartement.  Vous trouverez tout le confort avec: Internet fibre 200 Mega/Wi-Fi Ecran plat 110cm TV box 150 chaines Planche et fer à repasser Réfrigérateur avec vrai congélateur Lave-linge Lave-vaisselle Beaucoup de vaisselle et verres Penderie à votre disposition Commode 3 tiroirs à votre disposition Grille-pain Micro-onde Une machine Nespresso (capsules non-fournies) What else to say
31630	"Stay in Paris in this Haussmannian style apartment in the heart of Montmartre! You will find all the charm of the old: high ceilings, beautiful moldings, fireplaces and old parquet floors, ... all 100% renovated! The apartment is ideally located: - 2 minutes from metro ""Lamarck-Caulaincourt"" - Shops at the foot of the building: butchers, bakers, greengrocers, supermarkets, pharmacies, shoe repair, laundry ... - 5 minutes from the Sacré-Coeur and the famous Place du Tertre - Neighborhood bars and restaurants a few minutes Ideal location to explore this typical district, as well as Paris! Line 12 of the Paris metro help you to discover the area of Pigalle and Abbesses (nearby), St Lazare and Boulevard Haussmann, the Concorde and Madeleine, St Germain des Pres, Montparnasse, etc ... This apartment is fully furnished and perfect for 1 couple or 2 adults:  - A large room with a bed 140 * 200cm and dressing - A fully equipped kitchen: ceramic hob, oven, refrigerator, microwave, Nespresso cof"	"Stay in Paris in this Haussmannian style apartment in the heart of Montmartre! You will find all the charm of the old: high ceilings, beautiful moldings, fireplaces and old parquet floors, ... all 100% renovated! The apartment is ideally located: - 2 minutes from metro ""Lamarck-Caulaincourt"" - Shops at the foot of the building: butchers, bakers, greengrocers, supermarkets, pharmacies, shoe repair, laundry ... - 5 minutes from the Sacré-Coeur and the famous Place du Tertre - Neighborhood bars and restaurants a few minutes Ideal location to explore this typical district, as well as Paris! Line 12 of the Paris metro help you to discover the area of Pigalle and Abbesses (nearby), St Lazare and Boulevard Haussmann, the Concorde and Madeleine, St Germain des Pres, Montparnasse, etc ... This apartment is fully furnished and perfect for 1 couple or 2 adults:  - A large room with a bed 140 * 200cm and dressing - A fully equipped kitchen: ceramic hob, oven, refrigerator, microwave, Nespresso cof"
31631	Nice and charming one bedroom flat in the heart of the Abbesses district and close to the Folies' Pigalle. The apartment, located on the second floor of a paved road that connects the Pigalle metro station to 'Place des Abbesses', is composed of one bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen that overlooks the living room and a bathroom with toilet. The living room is spacious is very convenient. It has a real living room part and a 'separated' dining area. The living room also contains a sofa-bed that can accomodate two people. Ideal for a couple visiting Paris. Wifi is also available. Close to the Pigalle Metro (lines 2 and 12), bus lines and 4 metro stations to 'Gare St-Lazare', you can easily and quickly reach the different must-see of the capital. Easy access to public transport. Ideal location that allows you to quickly go to the Sacré-Cœur de Montmartre as well as the Paris Opéra, the 'grands magasins' (Galeries Lafayette), Concorde and the Champs-Elysées. Walking distance to shops, bake	Nice and charming one bedroom flat in the heart of the Abbesses district and close to the Folies' Pigalle. The apartment, located on the second floor of a paved road that connects the Pigalle metro station to 'Place des Abbesses', is composed of one bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen that overlooks the living room and a bathroom with toilet. The living room is spacious is very convenient. It has a real living room part and a 'separated' dining area. The living room also contains a sofa-bed that can accomodate two people. Ideal for a couple visiting Paris. Wifi is also available. Close to the Pigalle Metro (lines 2 and 12), bus lines and 4 metro stations to 'Gare St-Lazare', you can easily and quickly reach the different must-see of the capital. Easy access to public transport. Ideal location that allows you to quickly go to the Sacré-Cœur de Montmartre as well as the Paris Opéra, the 'grands magasins' (Galeries Lafayette), Concorde and the Champs-Elysées. Walking distance to shops, bake
31632	It's 42m² in the center of Montmartre, situated in the High lepic Neighbourhood. The place is really sunny and spacefull. You could have the chance to enjoy the view of the (almost) whole city from the mezzanine( from Eiffel tower to the montparnasse tower and even more), and the very West of paris from the Kitchen. The flat is fully fitted with all the needs for a great weekend. There is a room with a Bed, and another bed coach on the mezzanine. The kitchen is open to the living room and fully equiped to cook whatever you like. there is access to Wifi, TV and Hifi as well. It's perfect for couple and ok for 4 people. Also, we had to mention the place is really quiet.	A very well situated flaat in the high lepic Area. At the top of the parisian building (6th floor with lift), you be able to see the whole paris from every point of the appartment. It's 42m² in the center of Montmartre, situated in the High lepic Neighbourhood. The place is really sunny and spacefull. You could have the chance to enjoy the view of the (almost) whole city from the mezzanine( from Eiffel tower to the montparnasse tower and even more), and the very West of paris from the Kitchen. The flat is fully fitted with all the needs for a great weekend. There is a room with a Bed, and another bed coach on the mezzanine. The kitchen is open to the living room and fully equiped to cook whatever you like. there is access to Wifi, TV and Hifi as well. It's perfect for couple and ok for 4 people. Also, we had to mention the place is really quiet. Metro : 5 min a pied de l'arret Blanche sur la Ligne 2             5 min a pied de l'arret Abbesses sur la Ligne 12             5 min a pied d
31633	It's a very cute space, very sunny (looking South) with view of Paris from the salon and bedrooms windows. No neighboor in front. Really nice garden, no noise only birds :)  It used to be an ancient convent, converted to modern yet charming apts. Very charming you will love it !	Sunny and lovely apartment with a big shared garden. Looking South, so very sunny, with the view of all of Paris. You can even hear the birds sing ! Charming place in Montmartre, one minute walk from Sacre Cœur Basilica and many restaurants and bars It's a very cute space, very sunny (looking South) with view of Paris from the salon and bedrooms windows. No neighboor in front. Really nice garden, no noise only birds :)  It used to be an ancient convent, converted to modern yet charming apts. Very charming you will love it ! The apt will be exclusively for our guests. It is fully equipped with : dishwasher, laundry & drying machine, iron board, coffee machines, toaster, smoothie machine, & obviously bed, linen, towels, heater.... We will be there to greet and give local advice, but we will not stay with the guest in the apartment. Montmarte is the best quarter in Paris!!!! It has the Sacre Coeur Basilica from where you have the view of all of Paris (as well as from our apt):  You have m
31634	Extremely well located, on a trendy street behind the Sacré Coeur.  5 minute from metro station Abbesses, Anvers and Château Rouge. You will find a tastefully decorated one bedroom apartment in this fancy aera. 3rd floor (elevator).  Ideal for 2 persons, 30 m2.  In the studio you will find a kitchenette, 1 bathroom and separated toilets. Sheets and towels are included. Computer, internet, WiFi Internet connection, fully furnished kitchenette, washing machine... You will find very good bakery beside the building and typical market (cheese dairy, wine merchant...) Fancy neighbourhood. A lot of nice and trendy places to hang out (restaurants, bars, pub, movie theater, concert hall, theatre) and to shop around,  Tourist attraction (Sacré Coeur, Place du Tertre), mythical cabaret (Le Moulin rouge, chez Michou...), culture area (museum Dali, Bateau-Lavoir...) Metro Abbesses / Anvers / Château Rouge. Montmartrobus. Bike hire/Velib station. Montmartre train tour. Please don't forget to read ho	Extremely well located, on a trendy street behind the Sacré Coeur.  5 minute from metro station Abbesses, Anvers and Château Rouge. You will find a tastefully decorated one bedroom apartment in this fancy aera. 3rd floor (elevator).  Ideal for 2 persons, 30 m2.  In the studio you will find a kitchenette, 1 bathroom and separated toilets. Sheets and towels are included. Computer, internet, WiFi Internet connection, fully furnished kitchenette, washing machine... You will find very good bakery beside the building and typical market (cheese dairy, wine merchant...) Fancy neighbourhood. A lot of nice and trendy places to hang out (restaurants, bars, pub, movie theater, concert hall, theatre) and to shop around,  Tourist attraction (Sacré Coeur, Place du Tertre), mythical cabaret (Le Moulin rouge, chez Michou...), culture area (museum Dali, Bateau-Lavoir...) Metro Abbesses / Anvers / Château Rouge. Montmartrobus. Bike hire/Velib station. Montmartre train tour. Please don't forget to read ho
31635	This apartment is perfect for a couple or family with 1-2 children visiting Paris and is located in Montmartre, just 2 minutes walk from subway stop Chateau Rouge (line 4) that will take you right in the heart of Paris in no more than 15 minutes. You will have the entire apartment to yourself. The Sacré Coeur and the commercial streets of Montmartre are just 10 minutes walk away. 	"My 47m2 flat (1 living room with american kitchen + 1 bedroom) is in a calm elegant street just 2 minutes away from the colorful and busy market of Chateau Rouge, 10 min walk from the Sacré Coeur and 15 min from the city center by metro. This apartment is perfect for a couple or family with 1-2 children visiting Paris and is located in Montmartre, just 2 minutes walk from subway stop Chateau Rouge (line 4) that will take you right in the heart of Paris in no more than 15 minutes. You will have the entire apartment to yourself. The Sacré Coeur and the commercial streets of Montmartre are just 10 minutes walk away.  I have been living in Paris for 8 years and I've always lived in Montmartre... I'd change it for anywhere else in Paris! many ""Montmartrois"" (people who were born here or spent almost all their lives here) do not leave their district very often... come and see why!"
31636	You will have a big bedroom really quiet (on the courtyard) with TV and PS4, a big livingroom with TV, a kitchen with cofee machine, oven, microwaves, bathroom with separate toilets.	Enjoy a big place near by the tube inside the 18th arrondissement of Paris ! Our roommate, really quiet, will be there to inform you. You will have a big bedroom really quiet (on the courtyard) with TV and PS4, a big livingroom with TV, a kitchen with cofee machine, oven, microwaves, bathroom with separate toilets. You can use all the apartment except the bedroom of our roommate. You can contact us by email or phone Popular neighborhood with a market down the road on tuesday, thrusday and sunday. You are at 10 minutes by walk from Montmartre and from the flea-market of St Ouen You have down the road the line 4, trainstation Simplon, and you are at 5 minutes walking from the trainstation Jules Joffrin, line 12. We have an extra dwarf rabbit in the livingroom, really quiet.
31637		Mon appartement cosy et typiquement parisien se trouve dans un quartier super sympa de Paris. Ayant un emploi du temps chargé ma chambre est souvent disponible, je la propose donc aux voyageurs de passage ! Vous aurez accès à la salle de bain et la cuisine.
31638	"This apartment is a simple and charming Pied à terre for an unforgettable Parisian experience. View of Le Sacré Coeur and on the gray-bluish Parisian roof tops.  Nearby all shops and services (wine/delicatessen shops, bakeries/patisseries, butcher, cafes, bistros and restaurants, supermarket, outdoor markets, bar, internet cafe, pharmacy). Montmartre, le Sacré Coeur, ""ultratrendy"" districts such as Barbès, Canal St Martin, Canal de l'Ourcq, the Buttes Chaumont park, the Department stores (i.e. Le Printemps et Les Galeries Lafayette ) and the Opéra house are at walking distance (between 10 to 30 min walk)."	"This bright 2 room apartment, including 1 bedroom, is located on the 6 floor (elevator available) offering a view of Le Sacré Coeur. Fully equipped, it can accommodate 2 people up to 3 (comfy sofa bed in the living room). Nearby shops and transports. This apartment is a simple and charming Pied à terre for an unforgettable Parisian experience. View of Le Sacré Coeur and on the gray-bluish Parisian roof tops.  Nearby all shops and services (wine/delicatessen shops, bakeries/patisseries, butcher, cafes, bistros and restaurants, supermarket, outdoor markets, bar, internet cafe, pharmacy). Montmartre, le Sacré Coeur, ""ultratrendy"" districts such as Barbès, Canal St Martin, Canal de l'Ourcq, the Buttes Chaumont park, the Department stores (i.e. Le Printemps et Les Galeries Lafayette ) and the Opéra house are at walking distance (between 10 to 30 min walk). Fully furnished and equipped kitchen and bathroom. Household linen provided (sheets, bath towels, dish towels...), pets ok Up to the gue"
31639	Sa localisation, à 5 minutes à pied des lignes de métro 12 et 4, à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre!!	"Sa localisation, à 5 minutes à pied des lignes de métro 12 et 4, à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre!! Les voyageurs auront à leur disposition l'appartement, la cuisine équipée, le wifi, la télévision, le lave linge, la bibliothèque Conseils et bons plans du quartier et de Paris, échange de clés et recommandations pour l'appartement.  Je ne serais pas présente dans l'appartement pendant le séjour des voyageurs, mais je serais toujours joignable en cas de besoin! Le quartier est très vivant, avec tous les commerces à proximité (Carrefour à 6 minutes à pied, G20 à 5 minutes à pied, Dia à 6 minutes, Monoprix à 10 minutes), marché très agréable le dimanche matin à 3 minutes à pied, très bon restaurant tapas ""chic"" en face de l'appartement et plein de restaurants de tous types à proximité. C'est à 10 minutes à pied de la basilique du Sacré Cœur et à 12 minutes du quartier très animé des Abbesses.  Deux lignes de métro sont très proches de l'appartement, 5 minutes à pied de la Ligne 12 arrêt J"
31640	L'appartement est charmant , alliant le charme de vieux bâtiments typiques de Montmartre avec un réel confort , le design et la propreté .  Il est parfait pour deux et très lumineux !  Accès Wifi  	Cet appartement est charmant, on s'y sent bien  25m2 - Lit 2 places!  L'appartement est typique de Montmartre avec un réel confort , le design et la propreté. L'appartement est charmant , alliant le charme de vieux bâtiments typiques de Montmartre avec un réel confort , le design et la propreté .  Il est parfait pour deux et très lumineux !  Accès Wifi  Accès Wifi gratuit Sèche - cheveux  Machine à Laver Ordinateur  Cuisine équipée : Plaques électriques - Mini-four - Cuit Vapeur - Blender - Vaisselles - Bouilloire  Je vous accueille si mon calendrier s'y adapte , et je suis là pour toutes vos questions .  N'hésitez-pas!  L'appartement est situé dans le charmant quartier de Montmartre - Place de Clichy , à quelques minutes des pieds du Sacré-Cœur . Il est facile de trouver de bons restaurants et des bars, de faire du shopping... Tout pour un excellent séjour!  Métro Ligne 2 et 13  
31641	Sunny fully-furnished 1-bedroom flat in 18th arrondissement available for rent short-term (min stay 3 days) and whole of July-August. Ideal for a single person or couple.  The flat is 38m2 and comprises a small bedroom overlooking the courtyard (very quiet), a living room which leads onto a small balcony facing South (big enough to have breafast for 2 on !), a well-equipped kitchen and a 'real' bathroom (bathtub equipped with shower).  I work in interior decoration and the flat was re-furbished in April 2010 : hardwood floors, white walls and some interesting decorative features (lighting is my speciality !). Most of the artwork on the wall is by friends. At your disposal : WIFI, washing machine, hundreds of books (literature is my passion ad there are plenty of works in both French & English), CD's (jazz, electro, rare groove, bossa nova) , DVD's (mostly US series such as Oz, 6 Feet Under, L Word but also a lot of Disney).  The flat is on the 5th floor (no lift) of a clean, safe build	Calm, sunny one-bedroom flat with balcony, only 5 minutes walk from the metro and 15 minutes from Montmartre. This well equipped flat is ideally suited to a couple who will enjoy listening to my vast CD collection. Sunny fully-furnished 1-bedroom flat in 18th arrondissement available for rent short-term (min stay 3 days) and whole of July-August. Ideal for a single person or couple.  The flat is 38m2 and comprises a small bedroom overlooking the courtyard (very quiet), a living room which leads onto a small balcony facing South (big enough to have breafast for 2 on !), a well-equipped kitchen and a 'real' bathroom (bathtub equipped with shower).  I work in interior decoration and the flat was re-furbished in April 2010 : hardwood floors, white walls and some interesting decorative features (lighting is my speciality !). Most of the artwork on the wall is by friends. At your disposal : WIFI, washing machine, hundreds of books (literature is my passion ad there are plenty of works in bot
31642	An Asian room with 13 m² with tatami & futon in a 56 m² flat on 2nd floor in a nice area. Good atmosphere of this room with incense, candles, Indian music instruments. A peaceful space for time out. There is a pleasant small open air balcony to sit and eat or chat.	"13 m² bedroom in a 56 m² flat, near 18 th district city office, between Montmartre & Clignancourt flea Market, famous for antiques. Wifi, TV, bathroom, kitchen. You'll sleep japanese style on Tatami and futon. Access to metro station 4 min An Asian room with 13 m² with tatami & futon in a 56 m² flat on 2nd floor in a nice area. Good atmosphere of this room with incense, candles, Indian music instruments. A peaceful space for time out. There is a pleasant small open air balcony to sit and eat or chat. Entire apartment except my room. Bathroom, kitchen and living room to watch movies, and have a look at a nice aquarium. Hope to share some time with you. We can cook, talk and go out together if you want to. I practice shiatsu. ( energetic Japanese therapy), if you want to try it. I like jazz music and Indian classical music. This apartment is 5 minutes walk from subway station ""Jules Joffrin"". It is ideally situated to visit all of Paris any time of day or night. Not far from ""Simplon"" su"
31643	Idéal pour découvrir Paris.  Cet appartement est situé juste entre le quartier de Montmartre (7 min en Métro) et celui du Canal St Martin à 10min à pieds avec de multiples activités possible notamment  cinémas MK2, de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants branchés. Pour plus de confort, nous limitons l'accueil à 3 personnes. Nous vous proposons un lit 2 places situé dans la chambre. Le canapé convertible  situé dans le salon peut accueillir 2 personnes.  Salle de bain, toilette séparé. Serviettes et draps disponibles.  L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine ( four, plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, congélateur, bouilloire, senséo...).  De la cuisine vous avez la possibilité de vous détendre sur le balcon.  Le salon vous offrira une vue agréable sur le Sacré-Cœur.  DVD, livres et CD seront à votre disposition...  	Cet appartement de 60 m² est un deux pièces. Il est situé dans le quartier de La Chapelle à deux minutes à pied du marché de l'Olive, au pied du métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12). Venez profiter de sa luminosité, de la vue sur le Sacré Cœur et du balcon. Idéal pour découvrir Paris.  Cet appartement est situé juste entre le quartier de Montmartre (7 min en Métro) et celui du Canal St Martin à 10min à pieds avec de multiples activités possible notamment  cinémas MK2, de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants branchés. Pour plus de confort, nous limitons l'accueil à 3 personnes. Nous vous proposons un lit 2 places situé dans la chambre. Le canapé convertible  situé dans le salon peut accueillir 2 personnes.  Salle de bain, toilette séparé. Serviettes et draps disponibles.  L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine ( four, plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, congélateur, bouilloire, senséo...).  De la cuisine vous avez la possibilité de vous détendre sur le balcon.  Le salon vous offrira une vue agréa
31644	We offer our 2/3 rooms typical Parisian apartment next to Sacré Coeur. The flat is made of a double living room with a sofa bed, a small bedroom with a big bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  It's quiet and bright, and the neighborhood is    lively. The flat belongs to art, music and fleemarkets lovers. You'll have access to wifi.  We provide the necessary to shower and of course tips about the area and Paris. We will welcome you and then let you enjoy the city on your own! The area is very authentic.  You will find anything you want: markets, museums, theaters, cinemas, cool bars and restaurants. The flat is close to 2 metro station: Simplon (line 4) and Jules Joffrin (line 12). Lots of bus too.	We offer our 2/3 rooms typical Parisian apartment next to Sacré Coeur. The flat is made of a double living room with a sofa bed, a small bedroom with a big bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  It's quiet and bright, and the neighborhood is    lively.
31645		Une grande chambre avec des gens rigolos, artistes, connaissant le meilleur du Paris original, magnifique et arty. Je vous donnerai mes meilleurs plans hype du moment. Une vraie plongée dans le Paris secret et underground.
31646		Bel appartement 54m2, trois chambres dans un quartier de charme. A 2min du métro Chateau-Rouge, à 5 mins de Sacré-Coeur, Montmatre. 2e étage dans un batiment hausmannien. Meublé, Wi-Fi (fibre), cuisine équipée, douche, wc, machine à laver, etc.
31647	Ce bel appartement vous offrira une vue exceptionnelle et panoramique sur Paris. Le soir, la Tour Eiffel s'invitera même par son halo lumineux.  Une terrasse vous permettra de prendre votre petit déjeuner dehors et de profiter du coucher du soleil. Un petit transat vous attend même pour la bronzette !  La cuisine est équipée d'un micro onde/four, de plaque électrique, frigo, grille pain, machine expresso, théière et machine à laver. Tout est à votre disposition.  Le salon est équipé d'un télévision et d'un accès à internet. Une alcôve abrite un lit deux places. Cette pièce, grande et éclairée tout au long de la journée vous mettra tout de suite à l'aise !  Deux grands placards seront laissés à votre disposition pour ranger vos affaires et dans le couloir vous trouverez nos DVD qu'on vous invite à visionner si l'envie vous en dit !  La salle de bain est équipée d'un baignoire et des serviettes seront laissées à votre disposition.  L'appartement se situe dans une résidence agréable et sé	Appartement de 35m² avec comme atout majeur une vue panoramique (Tour Eiffel) et magnifique sur Paris !  Grand salon avec une alcôve pour le lit, cuisine, salle de bain et terrasse. Proche du métro, de Montmartre et de tous commerces !  Ce bel appartement vous offrira une vue exceptionnelle et panoramique sur Paris. Le soir, la Tour Eiffel s'invitera même par son halo lumineux.  Une terrasse vous permettra de prendre votre petit déjeuner dehors et de profiter du coucher du soleil. Un petit transat vous attend même pour la bronzette !  La cuisine est équipée d'un micro onde/four, de plaque électrique, frigo, grille pain, machine expresso, théière et machine à laver. Tout est à votre disposition.  Le salon est équipé d'un télévision et d'un accès à internet. Une alcôve abrite un lit deux places. Cette pièce, grande et éclairée tout au long de la journée vous mettra tout de suite à l'aise !  Deux grands placards seront laissés à votre disposition pour ranger vos affaires et dans le couloi
31648	Lumineux et au calme .	Lumineux et au calme . Accès à la cour intérieure de l'immeuble possible, dans le respect des voisins évidemment.
31649	Beautiful and well organize flat with space and calm !	"Ideally situated on the ""butte Montmartre"", the flat is offering an access by walk at the Montmartre alive district and to the Sacred Heart ! Enjoy the place where furthers artists lived Beautiful and well organize flat with space and calm ! The flat is fully dedicated for you and your trip in Paris ! Advises about paris and surrounding ! Sometimes I can offer a visit... sometimes :-) Calm and alive district in the same time, all accesses by walk ! Subway line 13 at ""La Fourche"" station"
31650	A good place to stay in Paris for many days, Arty appartement (50m2) very clean with 2 bedrooms, living room with balcony, bath room and small kitchen. You have a sofa bed on the living room for more ! On the fifth floor without a lift.	"Near the ""Sacré Coeur"" at Montmartre, the flat is located around a popular and multicultural district of exceptation to stay some days in Paris, a place you are about to discover ! Let's go ! A good place to stay in Paris for many days, Arty appartement (50m2) very clean with 2 bedrooms, living room with balcony, bath room and small kitchen. You have a sofa bed on the living room for more ! On the fifth floor without a lift. Travelers are welcomed to enjoy them to the best of their stay. Montmartre is quite near and the 18th district is popular and multicultural. You can walk to the Basilique du Sacré Coeur in 5 min and you are in 10min of ""le Moulin Rouge"". Several stations bike less than 50 meters, Métro 4 to 100 meters"
31651	Appartement idéalement situé proche TGV, RER et Métro. Dans une résidence calme, vous pourrez profiter d'un balcon donnant sur jardin, d'une cuisine ouverte type américaine toute équipée ainsi qu'un parking sécurisé.	Appartement confortable avec balcon et entièrement équipé! Idéal pour 2-4 personnes et parfaitement situé, dans une résidence calme et sécurisée. Métro et RER à proximité! Vous aurez egalement la compagnie de notre adorable petit chat GomGom ! Appartement idéalement situé proche TGV, RER et Métro. Dans une résidence calme, vous pourrez profiter d'un balcon donnant sur jardin, d'une cuisine ouverte type américaine toute équipée ainsi qu'un parking sécurisé. Accès aux TGV, RER, Métro, proche Pigalle, Montmatre, tout commerce.
31652		Little sunny appartement, realy near Abbesses and Montmartre.
31653		We are 3 nice people living in a big apartment in Marx Dormoy in the 18th district.  we have an extra room, its pretty big. we're right in front the metro, 15 min walk from Montmartre. We are 2 guys and 1 girl. our 4th roommate is currently traveling
31654	60 square meters, lots of light, wooden floors, chimneys, white walls, arty decoration (both my sister and I make handmade paper collages during our free time, and we love to cover the walls with our artwork!). If you're looking for one of those Ikea-furnished, characterless kind of places, this flat is not for you! Plenty of books and comics that you are welcome to borrow.  :)	The flat is located in the 18ème arrondissement, my favourite area in Paris. It is not far from Montmartre (ten minute walk to the Sacré-Coeur). 60 square meters, lots of light, wooden floors, chimneys, white walls, arty decoration (both my sister and I make handmade paper collages during our free time, and we love to cover the walls with our artwork!). If you're looking for one of those Ikea-furnished, characterless kind of places, this flat is not for you! Plenty of books and comics that you are welcome to borrow.  :) You can access pretty much all the flat (living room, bathroom, kitchen), apart from my sister's bedroom. My bedroom (the one you will be in) is at the end of the flat, you will have all the privacy you need. My sister will prepare breakfast for you, otherwise you won't see much of her! Of course, she will be available should you have any question. Ten minutes walk to the Sacré-Coeur! In the east of the 18ème arrondissement, a vibrant area, my favourite in Paris. We're 
31655	Charming studio apartment in the heart of Montmartre, just by metro station Lamarck Caulincourt. Prepare to be immersed into the magic of true Montmartre life, with its quaint streets, bars and typical Parisian restaurants.  	This apartment is new charming and cosy. He can to receive 2 peoples. Next to the metro and the Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge…He is quiet Charming studio apartment in the heart of Montmartre, just by metro station Lamarck Caulincourt. Prepare to be immersed into the magic of true Montmartre life, with its quaint streets, bars and typical Parisian restaurants.  Passing by the lavish artists workshops on Avenue Junot, you will be at a walking distance from the Sacré Cœur, Place du Tertre, renowned cabaret Le Lapin Agile, the Moulin de la Galette and the mythical Moulin Rouge.  The metro will lead you directly to famous Parisian department stores Galeries Lafayette and Printemps, as well as to Le Bon Marché, Madeleine, Saint-Germain-des-près and the historical Concorde Square. Local transport will also take you directly to Paris’ largest train stations (Saint Lazare and Montparnasse), and to the Roissy airport shuttle at Opera.  We will be present on arrival and departure, and will strive to 
31656	L'appartement au premier étage avec ascenseur de 80m², comporte quatre pièces dont 3 chambres avec lit double dans un très bel immeuble haussmannien. Il est idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis jusqu'à 8 personnes.  Situé dans un quartier calme à 15min à pied de Montmartre et 10min des puces de Clignancourt. Très bien desservi avec 3 lignes de métro (4, 12, 13) à 5min pour vous rendre en peu de temps dans tout Paris. 3 supermarchés à proximité, pharmacie, pressing, banque, ... L'appartement est tout équipé : internet, lave linge, cuisine équipée : micro-onde, four, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, plaques céramiques, cafetière, et tout ustensiles pour préparer à manger. Salle de bain avec baignoire/lavabo et les WC séparés.	L'appartement au premier étage avec ascenseur de 80m², comporte quatre pièces dont 3 chambres avec lit double dans un très bel immeuble haussmannien. Il est idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis jusqu'à 8 personnes.  Situé dans un quartier calme à 15min à pied de Montmartre et 10min des puces de Clignancourt. Très bien desservi avec 3 lignes de métro (4, 12, 13) à 5min pour vous rendre en peu de temps dans tout Paris. 3 supermarchés à proximité, pharmacie, pressing, banque, ... L'appartement est tout équipé : internet, lave linge, cuisine équipée : micro-onde, four, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, plaques céramiques, cafetière, et tout ustensiles pour préparer à manger. Salle de bain avec baignoire/lavabo et les WC séparés. Nous faisons l’accueil des voyageurs et leur assurons les produits de premières nécessités pour leur arrivée, les indications des commodités du quartier, des recommandations de visites/guide touristique. Enfin nous restons à dispositions durant votre séjour p
31657		Room 14m2 in 50m2 appartment, great for couple who want to discover Paris with sun. Near to Montmartre, moulin rouge and Grands Boulevards. All confort given Cuisine équipée Salon à partager avec une jeune étudiante, peu présente durant la période (Tv, DVD, box internet, wii) Salle de bains WC séparés Non, pas presente Quartier vivant. Nombreux commerces (boulangeries, boucheries, poissonnerie, crèmerie, restaurants, pizzeria, asiatiques, Carrefour market, etc.). Proche de sites touristiques. Ligne M13, RER C, bus 31, 60, 81
31658		Appartement située à simplon proche de Montmatre ,une chambre, salon ,cuisine, WC et salle séparée dans un quartier populaire calme et résidentiel à la fois, proche de nombreux commerces et restaurants ascenseur et local poubelle .
31659	Large spacious light-filled cosy fully equipped apartment. This is our home it is not a rental place. The two bedrooms and their respective bathrooms are at opposite sides of the apartment. This makes it ideal for 2 couples who want to keep some privacy.	Newly renovated charming light-filled 2 bed/bath apartment in up and coming 18th arrondissement. Large fully equipped living/dining area. 4th floor elevator. Quiet and safe residential area walking distance to flea market and trendy Montmartre.  Large spacious light-filled cosy fully equipped apartment. This is our home it is not a rental place. The two bedrooms and their respective bathrooms are at opposite sides of the apartment. This makes it ideal for 2 couples who want to keep some privacy. Guests have access to all the equipment available including kitchen appliances, washer/dryer, sound system, and home projector to watch tv or movies. Good WIFI connection. We would like to exchange by email before we agree on the rental. This is our home so we leave it in your care while we are away! We're sorry we won't get to meet but that also means we won't drop in on you unexpected. We have friends who live near by in case of need. This is a quiet, residential, culturally mixed neighbourho
31660		Bonjour à tous, je sous loue mon appartement pour des courtes périodes. En plein coeur de Montmartre (arrêt de métro Abbesses), proche de Pigalle et Anvers. Idéal pour couple en vacances dans la capitale.
31661	Mon studio est très bien équipé : four combi, réfrigérateur-congélateur, plaque à induction, grille-pain, bouilloire électrique, machine à café Nespresso, télévision, wifi.  J'ai préparé pour vous tout ce qu'il faut savoir pour profiter de Paris et du quartier, des bonnes adresses et des lieux à découvrir.	"Mon studio de 20m² , derrière le Sacré-Coeur, est  refait à neuf, clair, calme, confortable et fonctionnel. Situé au 2ème étage dans un immeuble bien tenu avec gardien, il se compose d'un séjour ouvert sur la cuisine et d'une petite salle d'eau. Mon studio est très bien équipé : four combi, réfrigérateur-congélateur, plaque à induction, grille-pain, bouilloire électrique, machine à café Nespresso, télévision, wifi.  J'ai préparé pour vous tout ce qu'il faut savoir pour profiter de Paris et du quartier, des bonnes adresses et des lieux à découvrir. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toutes les questions que vous vous posez. Le quartier est génial: près d'une rue parisienne très commerçante. On peut prendre le ""Montmartrobus"" qui vous amène devant le Sacré-Coeur, Place du Tertre. Vous êtes aussi à deux pas de Pigalle , et très près à pied du Marché aux Puces de Paris. Il y a beaucoup de bons petits restaurants et des bars. Par le métro, la ligne 4 vous dépose directement aux Halles, à Sai"
31662	"Very nice apartment with charm, located 78 rue Duhesme, 75018 Paris. Close to ""Jules Joffrin"" station (line 12) and ""Simplon"" (line 4). Ideal for living as a couple and visit Paris ! - 32 sqm + 5sqm terrace - Completely renovated  - West facing terrace (sunset, overlooking the rooftops) - Typically Parisian - 30m from ""rue du poteau"" with all local shops and supermarket - Top floor (with elevator) - Very quiet"	"In the authentic Montmartre district, this renovated apartment is typically Parisian. Located on the top floor (with elevator), you will enjoy a lovely terrace with views over the rooftops Very nice apartment with charm, located 78 rue Duhesme, 75018 Paris. Close to ""Jules Joffrin"" station (line 12) and ""Simplon"" (line 4). Ideal for living as a couple and visit Paris ! - 32 sqm + 5sqm terrace - Completely renovated  - West facing terrace (sunset, overlooking the rooftops) - Typically Parisian - 30m from ""rue du poteau"" with all local shops and supermarket - Top floor (with elevator) - Very quiet - Internet - 1 sofa - 1 coffee table - 1 double bed (160cm x 200cm) - 1 table - 1 writing desk - A fully equipped kitchen: washing machine, microwave, dishwasher, Fridge, Freezer. - TV with a Video projector"
31663	Lovely room for rent  in the heart of Montmartre. Renting room for 2 people in the district of beautiful Montmartre. Quiet apartment with all facilities, shops right down the street. High profile neighbourhood, many movie stars living in the area. Metro and bus stops close to the apartment. Separate kitchen and bathroom. Also equipped with washing machine, large screen TV in the room, WIFI speed connection. There is also a nice living. I work at night so I'm  not home very often. 	Renting room for 2 people in the district of beautiful Montmartre. Quiet apartment with all facilities, shops right down the street. High profile neighbourhood, many movie stars living in the area. Metro and bus stops close to the apartment. Separate kitchen and bathroom. Also equipped with washing machine, large screen TV in the room, WIFI speed connection. There is also a nice living room I work at night so I'm  not home very often.   Lovely room for rent  in the heart of Montmartre. Renting room for 2 people in the district of beautiful Montmartre. Quiet apartment with all facilities, shops right down the street. High profile neighbourhood, many movie stars living in the area. Metro and bus stops close to the apartment. Separate kitchen and bathroom. Also equipped with washing machine, large screen TV in the room, WIFI speed connection. There is also a nice living. I work at night so I'm  not home very often. 
31664	Located close to Montmartre, this charming and modern 60 m² apartment well decorated and carefully designed will put you in the mood for a Paris full of life, close to several markets with various atmospheres’… Located on the 4th floor of a new building with an elevator you will find everything you need:  - Fully equipped kitchen (oven, induction stove, fridge, blender, kettle, toaster, microwave, washing machine, iron). The kitchen is open to the living room and movable walls allow you to close it if necessary. - Spacious living room with a seating area and a dining area. - Bathroom with a bathtub. - Separate toilet. - Bedroom with a very comfortable double bed. - Computer and wifi available. With its large insulated glazing windows in the living rooms this apartment is very nice and quiet. An extra mattress for 2 is available , please let us know if you want to use it so we can provide you with all the necessary linens. The perfect place for few days in the city of the light. 	Contemporary and comfortable 1 bedroom flat, 10 mins walk from the fabulous Sacre Coeur in Montmartre. Ideal location with 2 metro lines crossing Paris. Enjoy this bright, cosy and fully equipped flat, not far from the famous Puces de Saint-Ouen. Located close to Montmartre, this charming and modern 60 m² apartment well decorated and carefully designed will put you in the mood for a Paris full of life, close to several markets with various atmospheres’… Located on the 4th floor of a new building with an elevator you will find everything you need:  - Fully equipped kitchen (oven, induction stove, fridge, blender, kettle, toaster, microwave, washing machine, iron). The kitchen is open to the living room and movable walls allow you to close it if necessary. - Spacious living room with a seating area and a dining area. - Bathroom with a bathtub. - Separate toilet. - Bedroom with a very comfortable double bed. - Computer and wifi available. With its large insulated glazing windows in the li
31665	The studio type appartment makes a small yet simple-to-manage space for an affordable stay in a convenient part of Paris. 	"A 25 sqm studio in a large Parisian immeuble, 10 minute walk from Gare du Nord and Basilique Sacre Coeur in romantic Monmartre.  Living area with a cooking corner and separate bathroom is convenient for two, but can sleep up to three guests.    The studio type appartment makes a small yet simple-to-manage space for an affordable stay in a convenient part of Paris.  Amenities as walk-in-shower, cooking utensils, bed linen, wifi access.  Spending time between Riga and Paris, it may be myself or my representative Nathalie giving over the keys.  La Chapelle - Monmartre is a ""quartier populaire"" or ""workers' quarter"" which slowly starts to see trendy bars and small design shops arriving. Monmartre (Sacre Coeur) is 15 min walk uphill from the studio.  Line 4 (going through to Cathedrale St Michel, Jardins de Luxembourg all within 17min metro ride) 8 min walking distance. Line 2 (going through to Tour Eiffel and Cimitiere Pere Lachaise) 6 min walking distance For an exquisite or luxurious sta"
31666	It will be your home when u are in Paris.  Smoking is not allowed	It s small studio (squeeze meters) but very cosy and lovely. Full equipped, tv, internet, microwave, italian shower, coffee machine. Located in center of Paris very close to metro station and you can easily reach Sacre Coeur Montmarte by foot :)))) It will be your home when u are in Paris.  Smoking is not allowed You will have acces to full studio. The only disavantage is it s located on 7h floor without lift so fitness is included in the price :))))))
31667	The sunny, spacious living room doubles as a bedroom, with a queen-size bed (140cm x 200cm). You can enjoy the view of the lush garden from the living room, or of the Sacré Coeur from the kitchen. The apartment is ideal for a couple, but can easily accommodate three people (there is a fold-out single bed in addition to the double bed). The apartment offers broadband WiFi access, cable television (over 200 French and international channels, including BBC World News and CNN), a DVD/Blu-ray player, stereo, dock for iPhones/iPods and telephone line with unlimited calls to the US, Canada and most of Europe (please check with us for specific destinations as there will be an extra charge for international calls outside of the destinations covered by our telephone plan). The kitchen is equipped with a stove, microwave, toaster, dishwasher, coffee machine, cooking utensils and crockery. Please note: there is no oven. There is a combined washer/dryer in the apartment, but please note that the dr	Our sunny apartment is located in a cobblestone private pedestrian street, just a 10-minute walk from the famous Sacré Coeur basilica (as seen from the kitchen window!). Easy access to all of Paris's many attractions.  The sunny, spacious living room doubles as a bedroom, with a queen-size bed (140cm x 200cm). You can enjoy the view of the lush garden from the living room, or of the Sacré Coeur from the kitchen. The apartment is ideal for a couple, but can easily accommodate three people (there is a fold-out single bed in addition to the double bed). The apartment offers broadband WiFi access, cable television (over 200 French and international channels, including BBC World News and CNN), a DVD/Blu-ray player, stereo, dock for iPhones/iPods and telephone line with unlimited calls to the US, Canada and most of Europe (please check with us for specific destinations as there will be an extra charge for international calls outside of the destinations covered by our telephone plan). The kit
31668	- 88 m2 sans vis à vis avec balcon filant ouvert à 180° sur l'horizon  - Séjour avec cuisine américaine de + de 40m2  - 2 chambres avec lits doubles -  deux salles de bain/eau - WC séparé	J'aime la mer, les océans et les voyages... 88m2 + balcon posés sur l'horizon des toits grisonnants et s'ouvrant à 180° sur l'Est Parisien. C'est ce qui m'a tout de suite séduit dans cet appartement qui  a été refait entièrement à neuf en 2011. - 88 m2 sans vis à vis avec balcon filant ouvert à 180° sur l'horizon  - Séjour avec cuisine américaine de + de 40m2  - 2 chambres avec lits doubles -  deux salles de bain/eau - WC séparé Plusieurs lignes de métro et stations sont à promixité:  -Ligne 12- Marx Dormoy (400m) : La station de métro la plus proche à 5 minutes à pied environ - Ligne 4  - Château rouge (500m): 7 minutes à pied environ - Ligne 2  - La Chapelle OU Barbès (700m): 8 minutes à pied environ - Ligne 4 &5 -Gare du Nord (900m): à 10 minutes à pied environ - 5 stations de métro dans un rayon de 700m desservies par 4 lignes de métro ( 2/4/5/12) - 2 stations vélib' à moins de 300m - 1 station d'Autolib' à 100m  (angle stephenson/doudeauville) - Nombreuses lignes de bus à proximit
31669	Cet appartement est très agréable à vivre et a beaucoup de cachet (parquet en bois, cheminée à l'ancienne, etc). Il est spacieux, avec une cuisine américaine ouverte sur le salon, et très lumineux avec une vue dégagée (on aperçoit le Sacré-Coeur et le faisceau lumineux de la Tour Eiffel). Idéal pour un couple.	Charmant 2pièces de 38m2, spacieux et lumineux, situé dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris, à 10min à pieds de Montmartre et du Sacré-Coeur. Cet appartement est très agréable à vivre et a beaucoup de cachet (parquet en bois, cheminée à l'ancienne, etc). Il est spacieux, avec une cuisine américaine ouverte sur le salon, et très lumineux avec une vue dégagée (on aperçoit le Sacré-Coeur et le faisceau lumineux de la Tour Eiffel). Idéal pour un couple. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Je peux donner des bons conseils aux voyageurs sur les lieux sympas à visiter à Paris, les bons bars pour boire l'apéro, etc. ;) Le 18ème est un quartier parisien populaire et cosmopolite. L'appart est situé à 10min à pieds de Montmartre et du Sacré-Coeur. Appart très bien desservie par les transports en commun. Métros 4 et 12 (arrêt Marcadet Poissonniers) au bas de l'immeuble. Aéroport Charles de Gaulle: à 45min Gare du Nord: à 10min Supermarchés (Carrefour et DIA), épiceries, marché les mardis
31670	Appartement tout équipé et tout juste refait à neuf dans un style design. tout confort. Emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris. Quartier très vivant. Une bouteille de vin de Bordeaux vous attendra! All furnished apartement, just renovated, very stylish Ideal location to visit Paris.  You will receive a bottle of wine as a welcome gift! Modern eingerichtete, im Februar 2015 vollkommen renovierte Wohnung im Herzen des legendären Montmartre Quartier. Optimal gelegen, um Paris zu entdecken. Als Willkommensgeschenk erwartet unsere Gäste eine Flasche Wein aus Bordeaux!	Studio de 28 m2, situé à une minute du métro des Abbesses (Montmartre) tout juste refait à neuf, très design.Idéal pour vos séjours à Paris Very well located flat / 28 m2 / one minute walk from the tube station (Abbesses). Very stylish Appartement tout équipé et tout juste refait à neuf dans un style design. tout confort. Emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris. Quartier très vivant. Une bouteille de vin de Bordeaux vous attendra! All furnished apartement, just renovated, very stylish Ideal location to visit Paris.  You will receive a bottle of wine as a welcome gift! Modern eingerichtete, im Februar 2015 vollkommen renovierte Wohnung im Herzen des legendären Montmartre Quartier. Optimal gelegen, um Paris zu entdecken. Als Willkommensgeschenk erwartet unsere Gäste eine Flasche Wein aus Bordeaux! Quartier très commerçant, à cinq minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, 2 minutes de la rue des Martyrs. 3 minutes du Moulin Rouge. L'impression d'être dans un village au coeur de Paris Very lively boro
31671		Bonjour ! Bienvenue chez nous !  Hello ! Welcome home !  A quelques minutes de Montmatre, nous vous accueillons dans notre appartement très cosy de la capitale !  A few minutes by feet from the Sacré-Coeur!  Chambre double libre pour le Nouvel an !
31672	Je vous propose une chambre dans un appartement en location: il est très bien équipé.  Il est très commode et propre au 4ème étage avec ascenseur et vous permettra de découvrir Paris.  Vous pouvez utiliser la cuisine sans problèmes.  3-4 min de la Gare du Nord et 30 min en RER de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, 15 min de l'aéroport Orly.	Je vous propose une chambre dans un appartement en location: il est très bien équipé.  Il est très commode et propre au 4ème étage avec ascenseur et vous permettra de découvrir Paris.  Vous pouvez utiliser la cuisine sans problèmes.  3-4 min de la Gare du Nord et 30 min en RER de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, 15 min de l'aéroport Orly.
31673	Sa situation au pied de la Butte proche à la fois des commerces, des restaurants, des bars et des lieux touristiques... L'appartement est très calme et possède une terrasse de 12m2 presque sans vis-à-vis...	Beau et grand F2 à Montmartre à deux pas du Métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt. Rdc sur cour aménagé et équipé, mobilier moderne et de bon goût. Entrée, séjour, chambre, salle de bains, cuisine séparée, wc séparés et grande terrasse chauffée... Sa situation au pied de la Butte proche à la fois des commerces, des restaurants, des bars et des lieux touristiques... L'appartement est très calme et possède une terrasse de 12m2 presque sans vis-à-vis... Toutes commodités ; TV, électro-ménager, terrasse, wifi.... Non je ne serai pas présente pendant le séjour mais n'hésitez pas à me poser des questions ou me solliciter si vous souhaitez des précisions... ;) Bienvenue au coeur de Montmartre ! A deux minutes à pieds du métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt ligne 12. A 10min en métro (5 stations) de la Gare Saint-Lazare
31674	A typical parisian flat (31m²) in Montmartre  (5th floor without elevator) One bedroom with a double bed (+ a double sofa  bed in the livingroom) hardwood floor fireplace fully equipped kitchen separated toilets very brignt and quiet with a nice view on a private garden 	A typical parisian flat (31m²) in Montmartre  5th floor without elevator One bedroom with a double bed + a double sofa  bed in the livingroom hardwood floor fireplace fully equipped kitchen separated toilets very brignt and quiet with a nice vie A typical parisian flat (31m²) in Montmartre  (5th floor without elevator) One bedroom with a double bed (+ a double sofa  bed in the livingroom) hardwood floor fireplace fully equipped kitchen separated toilets very brignt and quiet with a nice view on a private garden (phone number hidden) (email hidden) 100 meters from le sacré coeur (Montmartre) 30 meters from metro ligne 2 station ANVERS  5 minuts walk from Pigalle (metro ligne 12) 
31675	C'est un très bel appartement au 2è étage et ascenseur avec une lumière traversante dans le séjour, à 5 minutes à pieds du Sacré-Coeur !	A typical all-comfort Parisian flat with a lot of character and charm located in Montmartre, one of the best neighborhood in Paris. All-in accommodation  : elevator, 3 rooms, american kitchen, TV, Internet, shower tub, separated toilets, wash machin C'est un très bel appartement au 2è étage et ascenseur avec une lumière traversante dans le séjour, à 5 minutes à pieds du Sacré-Coeur ! A tout l'appartement équipé C'est le meilleur quartier de Paris, avec une vie de quartier incroyable. Par le métro Abbesse (ligne 12) et 5/6 lignes de bus sur la Place Pigalle.
31676	- To sleep : one double bed in the bedroom, one double sofa bed - Equipments : washing machine, oven, hotplate, coffee machine, TV, wifi, your bedroom is equiped of an apple computer with internet and have an access to the private yard 	Mickael and Marion are very pleased to host you for your trip in Paris ! - To sleep : one double bed in the bedroom, one double sofa bed - Equipments : washing machine, oven, hotplate, coffee machine, TV, wifi, your bedroom is equiped of an apple computer with internet and have an access to the private yard - Subway : Marx Dormoy - Location : In front of the subway, very near Montmartre, Pigalle, near Opéra and the Galeries Lafayette and about 30 minutes in subway to Louvre Museum and Effeil Tower. 
31677	Rénové il y a moins d'un an.	Studio coquet decoration épurée avec un bel espace bar et cuisine. Canapé lit 2 p confortable. A 15 min du Canal Saint Martin, de Montmartre et quartier indien. Petit marché couvert style XIXème, et une mine de bar et restos pas chers Rénové il y a moins d'un an.
31678	"Montmartre: on the top of le  Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre, big loft with glass roof on 3 levels : 130m2 + 75m2  with south facing terrace overlooking Paris. A very quiet location, Internet, TV, Terrace with outdoor table and chairs, barbecue,  plants and flowers. Shops, metro, buses, restaurants, theaters, cinemas, museums  all arround.... 2 tube stations nearby : ""Abbesses"" and Blanche (lines 12 and 2 with a direct access to Gare du Nord, Arc de Triomphe, Musee d'Orsay, St Germain-des-Près) You will find bars, restaurants, shops, dairies, steak houses, wine bars ... all shops are 2 min walking distance from the loft. Kitchen with freezer, dishwasher. 2 bathrooms The flat is located on top of one of the oldest Parisian  theater. Famous players have taken their first steps in this area, including Louis de Funes, Michel Serrault and Jean Gabin... Welcome to this historic place."	"A stuning loft with 75 m2 roof-terrace in Montmartre, in between Les Abbesses and the Sacré-Coeur. Unique, luminous and comfortable. mantelpiece in the leaving-room, 2 master bedroom with ensuite bathroom, 2 toiletts, open kitchen. Montmartre: on the top of le  Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre, big loft with glass roof on 3 levels : 130m2 + 75m2  with south facing terrace overlooking Paris. A very quiet location, Internet, TV, Terrace with outdoor table and chairs, barbecue,  plants and flowers. Shops, metro, buses, restaurants, theaters, cinemas, museums  all arround.... 2 tube stations nearby : ""Abbesses"" and Blanche (lines 12 and 2 with a direct access to Gare du Nord, Arc de Triomphe, Musee d'Orsay, St Germain-des-Près) You will find bars, restaurants, shops, dairies, steak houses, wine bars ... all shops are 2 min walking distance from the loft. Kitchen with freezer, dishwasher. 2 bathrooms The flat is located on top of one of the oldest Parisian  theater. Famous players have taken t"
31679	Beautiful family apartment with 2 bedrooms. Perfect location to visit Paris, at the heart of a lively area with numerous bus and metro lines. Neighborhoods:  Butte Montmartre / Moulin Rouge / Lepic / Martyrs 15 minutes trip: Etoile / Champs Elysées / Grands magasins / Opera / Madeleine... Inside the apartment: - a large sun-filled living room - a double room courtyard side (bed 160*200 cm) - a children room courtyard side (baby bed + single bed 70*190cm) - bathroom (with a bathtub) - kitchen full equipment - separated toilet - double glazing for street side windows  A elegant Parisian style: beautiful and calm building, parquet floor, ceiling molding…  Third floor, with elevator Equipment :  . TV .  Wifi . Expresso coffee machine . Table ware . Micro wave . Hair dryer . Washing machine . Dish washer . child care items ... Stay includes: Linens/Towels 	At the heart of Pigalle, Montmartre. On the 3rd floor, this parisiant chic apartement offers a large sunfilled livingroom, a parents bedroom and a children bedroom. Full equipment and comfortable hospitality !  Beautiful family apartment with 2 bedrooms. Perfect location to visit Paris, at the heart of a lively area with numerous bus and metro lines. Neighborhoods:  Butte Montmartre / Moulin Rouge / Lepic / Martyrs 15 minutes trip: Etoile / Champs Elysées / Grands magasins / Opera / Madeleine... Inside the apartment: - a large sun-filled living room - a double room courtyard side (bed 160*200 cm) - a children room courtyard side (baby bed + single bed 70*190cm) - bathroom (with a bathtub) - kitchen full equipment - separated toilet - double glazing for street side windows  A elegant Parisian style: beautiful and calm building, parquet floor, ceiling molding…  Third floor, with elevator Equipment :  . TV .  Wifi . Expresso coffee machine . Table ware . Micro wave . Hair dryer . Washing 
31680		"Recently renovated studio located between Montmartre and Pigalle (10 minutes walk from the ""Moulin Rouge""). Nice area with many shops and restaurants, public transports (bus 81-74), metro line 13 or 2. You will appreciate the quietness of this flat The entire flat Do not hesitate to contact me if need any information, I 'll be happy to assist you! I hope you will enjoy my flat and the area as much as I do"
31681		In the heart of the best district of Paris, this little studio flat is only waiting for you! Total area of 21m² this well appointed apartment is equiped with a retractable bed, ideal for a couple. It is also well served by 3 metro line (2, 4 and 12)
31682	This lovely 35 square meter apartment is located near Montmartre. The apartment is cool, cosy and perfect for couples, couples with a child. It is on the ground floor with double digicode entrance. This flat is equipped with :  •Unlimited High Speed Wifi Internet  •Cable TV (flat screen),  •Telephone, •Free secure parking  •Fully functional kitchen area including a kitchen stove, an oven, a microwave, a fridge, a freezer, coffee machine, water boiler, toaster and all pots, pans and cooking necessities. •Italian shower. The bathroom has a washing machine to wash your clothes during your stay.  There is one main bedroom with a big king-size bed. The sofa in the living room is not convertible bed. You can use it to sleep one person more. Desk/office area where you can sit down and do some work or browse the internet. You can listen to music in the living room with the amplifier and speakers. All sheets and towels are provided. I speak English, Spanish. The apartment is located on Rue Etex	"This lovely 35 square meter apartment is located near Montmartre. The apartment is cool, cosy and perfect for couples, couples with a child. It is on the ground floor with double digicode entrance. This flat is equipped with :  •Unlimited High Speed If you are taking the train from the airport Roissy Charles de Gaulle, here's how to get here : - Take the RER B direction Paris and get off at Paris Gare du Nord. If you are lucky you'll have a direct train and it will take less then 20 min to arrive at Paris Gare du Nord, otherwise, It will take about 30 min. - When at Paris Gare du Nord, take line 2 of the metro direction Porte Dauphine and get off at Place de Clichy - Then take line 13 direction SAINT DENIS (blue color) (Be careful to take the right direction as this train split in 2 directions) and get off at Guy Moquet. When you take line 13, be at the lattest wagon so as you will take the right exit when arrive at Guy Moquet. Exit ""Rue Lamarck"".  - When outside of the metro, walk str"
31683	Studio de 30m², pouvant acceuillir correctement jusqu'à 4 personnes ( 3 étant plus confortable) Veritable studio en RDC sur cours comprenant une pièce principale (salon ouvert sur cuisine, avec chambre en mezzanine), la cuisine équipée entièrement, et une salle de douche  L'appartement comprends a) un veritable lit de 140 x190  b) une table et 4 chaises  c) un canapé-litconfortable pouvant acceuillir confortablement un enfant ou un couple)  la kitchchenette est totalement équipée  a) refrigérateur, plaques électriques, four micro-onde, machine a lavé pour les long séjours... b) nécessaire de cuisine: casseroles, poeles, fait-tout etc.  c) assiettes, couteaux fourchettes etc etc la salle de bain est équipée d'une douche, lavabo, toilettes, sèche cheveux, fer a repasser draps, couettes, oreillers et serviettes sont bien sûr fournis, ce  lave linge et sèche linge à disposition près de la ligne de métro 2 à 150mètres et -4-5 et RER (Réseau Express Régional) B et D  3 points velib à moins d	Charmant studio de 30 m2 entièrement disponible à 10 min a pieds de Montmartre.  Dans un quartier très vivant, sa situation en rez de chaussée en fond de cours le préserve des bruits et permet de retrouver la quiétude et la sérénité. Studio de 30m², pouvant acceuillir correctement jusqu'à 4 personnes ( 3 étant plus confortable) Veritable studio en RDC sur cours comprenant une pièce principale (salon ouvert sur cuisine, avec chambre en mezzanine), la cuisine équipée entièrement, et une salle de douche  L'appartement comprends a) un veritable lit de 140 x190  b) une table et 4 chaises  c) un canapé-litconfortable pouvant acceuillir confortablement un enfant ou un couple)  la kitchchenette est totalement équipée  a) refrigérateur, plaques électriques, four micro-onde, machine a lavé pour les long séjours... b) nécessaire de cuisine: casseroles, poeles, fait-tout etc.  c) assiettes, couteaux fourchettes etc etc la salle de bain est équipée d'une douche, lavabo, toilettes, sèche cheveux, fe
31684	Typique parisien refais et meublé à neuf. Très ensoleille. Très calme 	Appartement de 2 pièces, 4 couchages,  refait à neuf et meubler à neuf en 2015, très ensoleillé. Proche de tous les transports en communs (Metro, bus) et de tous commerces dans une petite rue très calme.  Typique parisien refais et meublé à neuf. Très ensoleille. Très calme  Accès à la totalité de l'appartement.  Accueil des voyageurs.  Personne référante si nécessaire  Quartier très vivant, jeune, proche de tous commerces ouvert 7j/7j.  A 10 min a pied de la Basilique du sacré cœur.  Station de métro à 50 mètre desservant les principales gares, et également facile d'accès avec des différents bus. 
31685	Studio Neuf de 35M2	Ce studio neuf et équipée est situé en plein dans le 18ème arrondissement, près de montmartre. Ce quartier cosmopolite  et vivant vous fera découvrir diverses boutiques exotiques ainsi que le centre culturel islamique. Studio Neuf de 35M2 Proche du marché aux puces et da la gare du nord Garder contact Quartier nous permettant de voyager dans chaque coin du monde grace aux restaurants et boutiques (Afrique, Orient, Inde...) Les sations Autolib et Velib sur la rue Ordener La station Chateaurouge (métro 4) et Marcadet Poissonniers (12) Non fumeur, pas d'animaux
31686	I welcome you in this charming 35 square meter apartment in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. There is a large living room with an opened kitchen and a separated bedroom.  	The apartment is renovated with all modern comfort . It is bright , comfortable and design . It can accommodate 1 -2 persons. Located less than 1 min walk from metro La Chapelle. The heart of Paris is only one RER station .  I welcome you in this charming 35 square meter apartment in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. There is a large living room with an opened kitchen and a separated bedroom.  There is wood floors in all rooms, large and nice shower with a design and modern decoration. The apartment is on the ground floor but it is bright and calm. All comments received to date have confirmed the charm of the place. The apartment is furnished with a separate bedroom with a double bed and a shower room. The living room has an open kitchen to the living room. High-speed Internet is available (free). Equipment: fridge, freezer, hob, hair towel, oven, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, blender, juicer, hair dryer, crockery, cooking utensils, professional knives, steam.  There is also a brandnew 
31687	A lovely tiny house, on a sweet and calm garden, two steps from food shops, and touristic point such as Sacré Coeur, Pigalle, Abbesses 	In Paris but with the calm of the country ! Enjoy this one room flat (King Size Bed), with separated kithchen and bathroom. With its south exposition, you'll enjoy a cup of coffee facing flowers and trees of the garden ! You'll get ready for Paris ! A lovely tiny house, on a sweet and calm garden, two steps from food shops, and touristic point such as Sacré Coeur, Pigalle, Abbesses  Access nearby Montmartre, but Paris is all around waiting for you, by subway or bus I will be happy to help you ! My flat and its neighborhood is a bubble of fresh air, where trees and nature have a little bit more place...When you cross the Clichy bridge you feel immediatly the diference, it's a town in the town ! You are in Paris but differently, it's charming and romantic ... And if you like nights, many bars, restaurants and clubs are 10 minutes walking from the flat. Moreover this district is very safe ! Yes ! Subway ( Line 12 ) reaching many central point and bus 95 ( lovely ballad passing by opera, L
31688	Apartment at the foot of Montmartre in two minutes of the sacred heart, a square and in front of the garden of the Sacred Heart. area nice and friendly, village atmosphere, all sorts of small shops are nearby. 3 metro lines close 2,4,12 to serve the whole of Paris. apartment 43 m2 on two floors, the DRC and originality: in the basement. fully equipped and furnished, very charming and cozy. 1 large double bed, 1 bath, washing machine, and Internet access. a piano no constraints with respect to noise in the neighborhood. ROC is my studio where I painted, teaches and presents my works. I ask, of course, be very careful about my work but I readily accept that giving a look! apartment very original, charming and conveniently located. I used the morning to climb a few stairs to watch with my coffee and say hello to all of Paris! I love my neighborhood and I did visit with pleasure! the studio apartment is a small square with several restaurants, cosmopolitan as the entire neighborhood. there	Apartment at the foot of Montmartre in two minutes of the sacred heart, a square and in front of the garden of the Sacred Heart. area nice and friendly, village atmosphere, all sorts of small shops are nearby. 3 metro lines close 2,4,12 to serve the whole of Paris. apartment 43 m2 on two floors, the DRC and originality: in the basement. fully equipped and furnished, very charming and cozy. 1 large double bed, 1 bath, washing machine, and Internet access. a piano no constraints with respect to noise in the neighborhood. ROC is my studio where I painted, teaches and presents my works. I ask, of course, be very careful about my work but I readily accept that giving a look! apartment very original, charming and conveniently located. I used the morning to climb a few stairs to watch with my coffee and say hello to all of Paris! I love my neighborhood and I did visit with pleasure! the studio apartment is a small square with several restaurants, cosmopolitan as the entire neighborhood. there
31689	Il n'est peut être pas unique mais il est très agréable et bien situé pour visiter Paris Sa capacité d'accueil est de 2 personnes 	Il n'est peut être pas unique mais il est très agréable et bien situé pour visiter Paris Sa capacité d'accueil est de 2 personnes  j'ai prévu un plan de Paris, quelques cartes de resto où j'aime aller dans mon quartier et autres quelques indications de trajets ex pour la tour Eiffel, le musé Picasso de chez moi Internet est à votre disposition j'ai un ordinateur de bureau un compte inviter est prévu ainsi pour pourrez consulter les jours d'ouverture de tel ou tel musé ou autre On peut échanger des mails pendant tout le mois de décembre ensuite effectivement c'est une personne qui prend le relais pour vous accueillir, vous  confier les clés, vous donner les codes, le fonctionnement radiateur et autre ....car je loue mon appartement pendant que je serai moi même en vacances Je vous demande juste de ne pas fumer....Perdez vous dans les rues de paris il y aura toujours une station de métro pour vous aider elle vous à retrouver votre chemin Les commerces de proximité, l'ouverture tardive de
31690	Situated in the heart of Montmartre, near Jules Joffrin/Lamarck Caulaincourt, this apartment will enchant your journey in Paris. The neighborhood is charming and calm. There is a big food market down the street every day (fishmonger, butchers, bakers, cheese dairy) where you can find all you need to make delicious typical French meals. I have been living in the area for 5 years and it is to me one of the best places to live in Paris, because of the nice balance between bistros, restaurants and family atmosphere.	Très joli appartement, idéal pour un couple. Il est idéalement situé, en plein coeur du 18e, côté Jules Joffrin/Lamarck Caulaincourt. Quartier calme et animé, très bien desservi. La rue du Poteau regorge  de petits commerces ouverts 7/7. Situated in the heart of Montmartre, near Jules Joffrin/Lamarck Caulaincourt, this apartment will enchant your journey in Paris. The neighborhood is charming and calm. There is a big food market down the street every day (fishmonger, butchers, bakers, cheese dairy) where you can find all you need to make delicious typical French meals. I have been living in the area for 5 years and it is to me one of the best places to live in Paris, because of the nice balance between bistros, restaurants and family atmosphere. The apartment has one living-room, one bedroom, one separated bathroom, one separated toilets + one kitchen. The apartment is fully furnished (oven, washing machine, dishwasher, Interner connexion). I will make sure to share some nice addresses
31691	Petit studio lumineux, chaleureux fourni avec un accueillant chat roux, dont il faut prendre soin. Daisy a 5 ans et préfère faire la sieste que courir partout. Prenez le temps de lui faire des câlins! Salle de bain avec une grande douche, lavabo et WC. Des serviettes sont fournies, ainsi que des draps propres. Kitchenette fonctionnelle avec plaques vitrocéramique et réfrigérateur. Pas de four ni de micro-ondes.	Petit studio lumineux, chaleureux, fourni avec un accueillant chat roux. Salle de bain avec une grande douche, lavabo et WC. Kitchenette fonctionnelle avec plaques vitrocéramique et réfrigérateur. Situé au 2ème étage, sur rue calme, proche Montmartre Petit studio lumineux, chaleureux fourni avec un accueillant chat roux, dont il faut prendre soin. Daisy a 5 ans et préfère faire la sieste que courir partout. Prenez le temps de lui faire des câlins! Salle de bain avec une grande douche, lavabo et WC. Des serviettes sont fournies, ainsi que des draps propres. Kitchenette fonctionnelle avec plaques vitrocéramique et réfrigérateur. Pas de four ni de micro-ondes. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement. Seul l'ordinateur n'est pas en usage libre. je vous accueille et vous explique tout ce que vous avez besoin de savoir pour que votre séjour se passe bien, vie pratique et bonnes adresses de proximité! Situé à 2 minutes à pied de la mairie du 18ème, de ses petits commerces de quartiers et ses ba
31692	Bel apartement refait à neuf, spacieux, agréable, fonctionnel au quotidien. Plein sud, très lumineux, l'appartement est situé sur une large rue calme et arboré. Cuisine ouverte sur large séjour, très convivial. Espace chambre et salle de bain séparé. 	3 pièces calme, douillet et baigné de lumière. Immeuble Haussmanien dans un quartier familial et touristique entre la butte Montmartre et le quartier des antiquaires. Cuisine ouverte, grand living, 2 chambres, grande SDB. Bel apartement refait à neuf, spacieux, agréable, fonctionnel au quotidien. Plein sud, très lumineux, l'appartement est situé sur une large rue calme et arboré. Cuisine ouverte sur large séjour, très convivial. Espace chambre et salle de bain séparé.  les voyageurs peuvent bénéficier de la totalité du logement. Animaux interdits.  Je veux échanger avec les voyageurs, mais nous ne seront pas présent dans le logement durant leur séjour. L'appartement est situé à la jonction de deux quartiers. D'un côté, le quartier multiculturel de Clignancourt, autant réputé pour  ses boutiques de street wear que pour ses antiquaire authentiques. De l'autre côté le bas Montmartre, quartier commerçant, animé de jour comme de nuit, typique de la vie parisienne, ouvrant sur le quartier tr
31693	Bedroom with double bed, with an adjacent living room with another double bed. Shared use of the kitchen, WC and shower, within a newly renovated apartment of 44 square metres. I have my own bedroom at the other end of the apartment, with the living room, kitchen, WC and central corridor in between. The apartment is situated at the foot of Montmartre, in a calm and pleasant neighourhood of the 18th arrondissement, close to stores, markets etc., and 10 minutes walk away  from Sacré Cœur and the Moulin Rouge. Double glazing guarantees quiet nights. The kitchen is equipped with a micro-wave oven, hotplates, and a refrigerator. The apartment is also equipped with TV, Internet, convertible sofa-bed, a washing machine and even a Nespresso coffee machine ! I provide clean towells and sheets. There are no fewer than three metro stations within easy walking distance, the nearest being Lamarck-Caulincourt, with regular bus services also available.	Bedroom with double bed, with an adjacent living room with another double bed. Shared use of the kitchen, WC and shower, within a newly renovated apartment of 44 square metres. I have my own bedroom at the other end of the apartment, with the living room, kitchen, WC and central corridor in between. The apartment is situated at the foot of Montmartre, in a calm and pleasant neighourhood of the 18th arrondissement, close to stores, markets etc., and 10 minutes walk away  from Sacré Cœur and the Moulin Rouge. Double glazing guarantees quiet nights. The kitchen is equipped with a micro-wave oven, hotplates, and a refrigerator. The apartment is also equipped with TV, Internet, convertible sofa-bed, a washing machine and even a Nespresso coffee machine ! I provide clean towells and sheets. There are no fewer than three metro stations within easy walking distance, the nearest being Lamarck-Caulincourt, with regular bus services also available.
31694	Immeuble sécurisé (caméras de surveillance et présence d'une équipe de sécurité 24h/24h et 7j/7j).	Appartement spacieux (100m2), grand séjour, cuisine toute  équipée, 3 chambres, 2 salles de bain (douche et baignoire), aménagé pour 5 personnes.  Station de métro juste devant l'immeuble, ligne 12 à 15mn des Grands-Magasins, Opéra, Madeleine. Immeuble sécurisé (caméras de surveillance et présence d'une équipe de sécurité 24h/24h et 7j/7j). Épicerie et bureau de poste au rez-de-chaussée de l'immeuble. Marché traditionnel et quartier chinois à une station de métro.  Station Porte de la Chapelle par le métro ligne 12, tramway ligne 3b et arrêts de bus en bas de l'immeuble. Métro 12 juste en bas et bus et tramway
31695	Paris Intra Muros (Station Chateau Rouge) Old beautiful wooden flooring 1 minute of the Sacred Heart Very nice for a young couple or two friends	"Trendy and nice neighborhood with small shops, restaurants and some nice bars. Well served: line 2 and 4 (straight line from Gard Du Nord) The personal business that you see in the photos will be removeded  Paris Intra Muros (Station Chateau Rouge) Old beautiful wooden flooring 1 minute of the Sacred Heart Very nice for a young couple or two friends Metro: Line 2 and 4 Direct line from North Station ""Gare Du Nord"" Lots of restaurants, bars and small shops very nice very typical arrondissement 1_ transport network Line 4 stop Chateau Rouge Line 2 stop Anvers"
31696		3 pièces au coeur de Montmartre de 45 m2, avec une capacité de 4 voir 5 couchages(idéal pour un couple avec enfants), cuisine équipée, grande baignoire, très accueillant et bien placé.
31697		"Idéalement situé (M12, M4, M2) dans un quartier chaleureux avec toutes les commodités à proximité, cet appartement, est idéal pour une personne ou un couple voulant visiter Paris. Quartier populaire et chaleureux. Ligne 12: Marx Dormoy-ligne 4: Château-Rouge-ligne 2: La Chapelle/Bus 65 (depuis Gare de Lyon): arrêt ""Ordener-Marx Dormoy"" ;)"
31698	 Avec ses poutres et ses pierres apparentes, l'appartement fait office de petite maison.  Super terrasse au calme au coeur de Montmartre à deux pas des Abbesses quartier vivant et branché de Paris.	 Avec ses poutres et ses pierres apparentes, l'appartement fait office de petite maison.  Super terrasse au calme au coeur de Montmartre à deux pas des Abbesses quartier vivant et branché de Paris. Cuisine équipée. Draps et serviettes fournis.  Bons plans dans le quartier. Restaurants, cafés, boutiques, galeries et beaucoup d'activité culturelles. Il suffit de monter quelques marches et vous êtes au Sacré coeur.  Métro Abesses ( Ligne 12) et Anvers ( Ligne 2)  Bus à proximité. 
31699	I am sub-letting my very cute flat. It is 20 square meters and has a beautiful view on the Sacre Coeur. Located on the seventh floor of a Haussmanian building. There is a seperate room and kitchen and bathroom is completely seperate (there is a seperate key to open it, the door is on the landing right next to the flat door) The flat is very bright, with wooden floors and white walls. The citchen and the shower our sober and functional. All the cooking utilities and the dishes are yours to use. A food market takes place every Thursday and Sunday downstairs from my building. The flat is 4 minute walk from the metro stop Porte de Clignacourt, the Terminus of the n°4 ligne which goes through Paris from North to South. You will reach in down-town in just 10 minutes. There are a few grocerie stores, a meatmarket, boulangeries and laundry's in the vicinity. 	I am sub-letting my very cute flat. It is 20 square meters and has a beautiful view on the Sacre Coeur. Located on the seventh floor of a Haussmanian building. There is a seperate room and kitchen and bathroom is completely seperate (there is a seperate key to open it, the door is on the landing right next to the flat door) The flat is very bright, with wooden floors and white walls. The citchen and the shower our sober and functional. All the cooking utilities and the dishes are yours to use. A food market takes place every Thursday and Sunday downstairs from my building. The flat is 4 minute walk from the metro stop Porte de Clignacourt, the Terminus of the n°4 ligne which goes through Paris from North to South. You will reach in down-town in just 10 minutes. There are a few grocerie stores, a meatmarket, boulangeries and laundry's in the vicinity. 
31700	40m2, wooden floor.  160x200 bed. Extremely luminous. Fridge, coffee maker, washing machine, iMac with wifi. A sofa bed if needed!	In a typical cobbled street, on top of the Montmartre Hill, 2 min walk from Place du Tertre and Sacré Cœur, a charming flat with a comfortable double bed, italian bathroom, living room with sofa bed and kitchen. Everything to live a romantic parisian stay! 40m2, wooden floor.  160x200 bed. Extremely luminous. Fridge, coffee maker, washing machine, iMac with wifi. A sofa bed if needed! All the flat is available! A calm street in the heart of Montmartre. Next door, one of first Picasso's paint shop! 5 min to Abbesses metro station. 7 min to Blanche and Anvers
31701	An old parisian apartment, reviewed by its owner. The work of an architect designer who enjoyed playing with old materials and new spaces. 	A lovely flat with two rooms, 40 sq meters. Close to Montmartre,10 mins walking to M°12, Julles Joffrin. An old fashion apart,renewed in an industrial modern way completed by designed furniture and lightings.   Close to buses, shops and restaurants. An old parisian apartment, reviewed by its owner. The work of an architect designer who enjoyed playing with old materials and new spaces. 
31702		"A very bright, cozy, practical studio, 1 minute walk from the metro and bus lines taking you to any area of Paris. There is every shop you need just out side the front door, and a 20 minute walk to Montmartre. Accommodates 2 for a short stay in Paris You will be able to access all parts of the studio, apart form one closet space that i will keep for belonging. I will be able to meet you at the metro ""Porte de Saint Ouen"" and show you to the studio. You really have everything you need in this Neighborhood.. restaurants, supermarket, cool bars, and most banks. if needed. The best thing about the place is how convenient it is to get anywhere in paris, it's 1 minute walk to the metro taking you anywhere, 30 second walk to the bus, taking you to Opera, Chatlete. There is a carpark 10 minutes from the Studio, Parking is 50euros a night. The bed is a sofa/bed but the sofa bit is not actually working for the time being, but it is still a very comfortable bed."
31703		Grand 5 pièces comprenant 3 chambres avec 1 lit double et 2 lits simples (+ 3 couchages d'appoint). Grande salle à manger / cuisine entièrement équipée. Idéal pour découvrir Montmartre (Sacré Coeur 10 mn à pied), Pigalle et le 9ème arrondissement.
31704		1 bedroom apartment very close to Montmartre. Early 20th's Building, 6th floor, without Lift, 1 Bedroom Apartment, furnished, Approx: 20m² / 215 Sq.Ft., high security lock on front door. Hardwood floors, Fireplace, dou
31705	very quiet and confortable,  Apartment newly refreshed fully equipped	Apartment newly refreshed with modern design  very convenient : very bright and quiet, near restaurants and bars supermarket 1 min 5 min by walk to subway and visit all Monuments in Paris very quiet and confortable,  Apartment newly refreshed fully equipped All The flat is ideally located it  is easy travel to all monument Paris : Sacre coeur Moulin rouge, Eiffel Tour, Louvre Museum, Latin quarter... There is a lovely place with bar and market  10 min by walk to Sacre Coeur 4 min by walk to subway station Jules Joffrin (line 4) 4 min by walk to bus fully equipped : TV Internet WIFI, convertible sofa, microwave, oven, Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine, .. Italian shower
31706	The flat is located in central Paris, there are lots of nice restaurants on your doorstep, and also only a couple of streets away from the famous Montmartre district (10 min from Sacré Coeur). The living room is a nice space with an open kitchen fully equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, stove/oven, fridge, microwave etc...). You'll find a comfortable queen size (160cm) bed in the bedroom as well as an option to sleep an additional 2 people in the very comfortable sofa-queen size bed of the living room. Please note that the apartment is located on a 4th floor with no elevator, which will help make up for all the food you'll eat here! :)	"Nice and cosy flat, proposing the charm of Parisian building and the modernity of a new refurbishment: US Kitchen fully equipped,  bedroom with a double bed, bathroom with a bathtub. Great restaurants, cafés and bars around, and 2 minutes walk to the closest tube.  High speed Wifi The flat is located in central Paris, there are lots of nice restaurants on your doorstep, and also only a couple of streets away from the famous Montmartre district (10 min from Sacré Coeur). The living room is a nice space with an open kitchen fully equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, stove/oven, fridge, microwave etc...). You'll find a comfortable queen size (160cm) bed in the bedroom as well as an option to sleep an additional 2 people in the very comfortable sofa-queen size bed of the living room. Please note that the apartment is located on a 4th floor with no elevator, which will help make up for all the food you'll eat here! :) You will have access to the flat and its equipment and appliances (46"" "
31707	Charmant et typique appartement Montmartrois,de 40m2, situé à2 mn du métro Abbesses  5mn du Sacré- Coeur très bien situé très agréable . toute commoditées de magasins et transports en commun; 45 mn de GDG Aéroport; 25 mn maximum de toutes grandes gares Idéal pour un séjour calme et inspirant de mode de vie dit 3bohème Parisien,  pour deux personnes.	Calme et clair sur cour,40m2 à 2mn du métro et de la place des Abbesses et 5mn du Sacré  Coeur, quartier vert, vivant et protégé. Charme et poésie Double digicode, fond de bâtiment donc éloigné de la rue, animé et très bien situé.
31708	Superbe situation et au calme (à 50m du cimetière Montmartre dans une rue perpendiculaire à l'avenue de Saint Ouen), il est situé dans un quartier ou toutes les commodités sont présentes et ou il est très agréable de flaner. Situé au 6eme étage (sans ascenseur), il dispose d'une jolie vue sur les toits de Paris sans vis à vis.	Très agréable studio de 20m2 au calme, idéal pour passer un we de dépaysement à Paris à 2. Metro La Fourche à 100m. Situation idéale pour visiter la capitale. Tous les commerces sont à 2 pas. Superbe situation et au calme (à 50m du cimetière Montmartre dans une rue perpendiculaire à l'avenue de Saint Ouen), il est situé dans un quartier ou toutes les commodités sont présentes et ou il est très agréable de flaner. Situé au 6eme étage (sans ascenseur), il dispose d'une jolie vue sur les toits de Paris sans vis à vis. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement (internet et Wifi), l'arrivée est possible à toute heure même tard. Je suis à disposition des voyageurs sans aucune restriction. Tous les commerces de proximités sont présents ainsi que de nombreux restaurants. Le parc Clichy-Batignolles est très agréable pour aller se promener ou même faire un footing. Métro 12 - Station la Fourche situé à 2mn à pied ainsi que de nombreuses lignes de bus Draps/couverture + serviettes fournis 
31709		A  cosy  studio apartment  situated in a very beautiful quiet private alley, right in the heart of Montmartre , the most romantic and charming neighbourhood in Paris. The studio was recently  renovated and is very well equipped.
31710		Studio propre et lumineux, petite cuisine séparée et salle de bain avec baignoire. Matelas deux place neuf, très confortable. 5ème étage avec ascenseur, grande fenêtre sur jardin sans vis-à-vis. Proche gare du Nord, Montmartre et Canal Saint-Martin.
31711	Very cosy 37 square meter flat entirely renovated, with one bedroom behind a glass window, a living room with a modern kitchen and a bathroom.  Located on the 6th and last floor of an old Parisian style building with an elevator, the flat is bright and has a nice view on the Sacré Coeur.  Absolutely clean, relaxing and quiet.  Ideal for 2 people.	I rent out my personal flat when I'm traveling. Entirely renovated, cosy and bright, it's on the top floor of a typical parisien building (with an elevator) located close to the steps of Montmartre. Enjoy the nice view on the Sacré Coeur ! Very cosy 37 square meter flat entirely renovated, with one bedroom behind a glass window, a living room with a modern kitchen and a bathroom.  Located on the 6th and last floor of an old Parisian style building with an elevator, the flat is bright and has a nice view on the Sacré Coeur.  Absolutely clean, relaxing and quiet.  Ideal for 2 people. Fully furnished apartment with :  - unlimited FAST SPEED ADSL Internet  - Towels and linens provided  - The kitchen is equipped with, hot plates induction, oven, fridge, coffee machine, a boiler. Dishes, pots, pans ...  - Bathroom with a large and brand new Italian shower, a sink, soap and toilets.  - 1 double brand new bed Plenty nice restaurants, café/bars, supermarkets and bakeries in the area Cycling sta
31712	Enter the beautifully decorated studio to find a pleasant living area with a comfortable sofa bed. Also included is a fitted and equipped kitchen where light meals can be prepared. The bathroom has an Italian style shower.	Excellent value for Paris in a vibrant area complete with a patisserie a short block from the apartment. Great views from the balcony for both breakfast and dinner. Amazingly quiet even with balcony door open all night long. Enter the beautifully decorated studio to find a pleasant living area with a comfortable sofa bed. Also included is a fitted and equipped kitchen where light meals can be prepared. The bathroom has an Italian style shower. A wide selection of bars, restaurants and cafes can be found on the surrounding streets. Within a 5-minute walking distance are 3 metro stations from which the lines M12, M4 and M2 operate. Take the metro for 10 minutes to reach the Louvre Museum. Canal Saint-Martin is a 20-minute walk away and is a nice place to go for an evening stroll. Within a 5-minute walking distance are 3 metro stations from which the lines M12, M4 and M2 operate. Take the metro for 10 minutes to reach the Louvre Museum. Canal Saint-Martin is a 20-minute walk away and is a
31713	I have decorated my newly renovated studio with a mix of modern and industrial furniture. The lamp was found in the bi-annual 'Abbesses' flea market, the wooden boxes and chairs are coming from the 'puces de Clignancourt' antiquities shops, the table is a typical French bar/'café' table and the mirror is from my family.	Lovely & cosy apartment in the heart Abbesses/Montmartre. Perfect place for a couple with a large bed, newly renovated bathroom and kitchen. Best location in the heart of trendy Rue des Abbesses / Montmartre, 2 minutes walk from subway station. I have decorated my newly renovated studio with a mix of modern and industrial furniture. The lamp was found in the bi-annual 'Abbesses' flea market, the wooden boxes and chairs are coming from the 'puces de Clignancourt' antiquities shops, the table is a typical French bar/'café' table and the mirror is from my family. Feel free to grab a Nespresso or a Kusmi tea. If you want to bring an original tea home, there is a Kusmi tea shop (15 Rue des Abbesses) next to the subway station. Please send me message prior to your stay for special queries of tips about Paris. I will be happy to answer your questions. The best are in Paris? At least my favorite: lot of shops, restaurants, bars and good vibes. Have a look to the 'Guide' section for my favorite
31714	Hello, dear friends ! The building is typical parisian style (around 1900) recently renovated. The flat is spacious and has period features, parquet floors, balcony with a view (with a table and 2 chairs - where you could have breakfast or brunch under the sun), etc. It would make a perfect getaway for a couple. Most of all the flat is sunny and quiet. THE BEDROOM is away from the street and is very quiet. You will enjoy a high standard bed (160X200).  In THE LIVING ROOM you will find a confortable Sofa, a large diner table with 4 chairs.  THE KITCHEN is fully furnished with all stuff you need to enjoy your cook and your stay. There is a Bar table with 2 chairs. In THE BATHROOM there is a bath-tub and I know that sometimes it is better after long day to relax in a clean and lovely bathroom. So let's enjoy !	The flat is spacious and has period features, parquet floors, balcony with a view (with a table and 2 chairs - where you could have breakfast or brunch under the sun), etc. It would make a perfect getaway for a couple. Most of all the flat is sunny ! Hello, dear friends ! The building is typical parisian style (around 1900) recently renovated. The flat is spacious and has period features, parquet floors, balcony with a view (with a table and 2 chairs - where you could have breakfast or brunch under the sun), etc. It would make a perfect getaway for a couple. Most of all the flat is sunny and quiet. THE BEDROOM is away from the street and is very quiet. You will enjoy a high standard bed (160X200).  In THE LIVING ROOM you will find a confortable Sofa, a large diner table with 4 chairs.  THE KITCHEN is fully furnished with all stuff you need to enjoy your cook and your stay. There is a Bar table with 2 chairs. In THE BATHROOM there is a bath-tub and I know that sometimes it is better aft
31715	We can accomodate up to 6 people in three different bedrooms of about 12, 15 and 20 square meters (one of them is not displayed in the photos but has a double bed, a cupboard and a table).  The whole flat is about 95 sqm, including a quite big living room, a kitchen where you can eat and cook and a bathroom. 	The flat includes three rooms with double beds, a big living-room   We can accomodate up to 6 people in three different bedrooms of about 12, 15 and 20 square meters (one of them is not displayed in the photos but has a double bed, a cupboard and a table).  The whole flat is about 95 sqm, including a quite big living room, a kitchen where you can eat and cook and a bathroom.  You can use our washing machine, as well as the iron and ironing board. Also the wifi is available in the flat.  The flat is located in the north of Paris, right between Montmartre and Gare du Nord. Transportation available in the surrondings includes: - RER lines B, D and E at Gare du Nord (line B heading to Roissy airport); - Metro lines 2 (at La Chapelle), 4, 5 (at Gare du Nord) and 12 (at Marx Dormoy); - Bus lines 35 (to Gare de l'Est) and 65 (to Gare de Lyon) right at the street's corner. 
31716		un appartement bien agréable, lumineux avec une vue dégagée. Donne sur le jardin de la résidence, très calme. cuisine tout équipée, salle à manger-salon. une petite terasse sympa pour le petit déjeuner.
31717	Very bright & well organized 50 m2 (540 sqft) whole apartment for 2 persons, in the heart of authentic Montmartre. 3rd floor with elevator, in a typical red-brick early-20th century building, with large windows facing south, letting the sun pour inside all day long. - Spacious, sun-drowned living room, with large sofa, dining table, TV w/ Apple TV, hi-fi Airplay-enabled sound system and deck chair. - Fully equiped kitchen, with dish washer, washing machine, oven, fridge, freezer, kettle, toaster, extraction juicer. - Courtyard-side, quiet bedroom with queen size (160x200cm) bed, premium memory foam mattress, with fresh sheets included. - Bathroom with bathtub and fresh towels included. Super fast wireless internet.	Whole apartment on the higher rue Lamarck, a 2-min walk from Sacré Coeur. 50 m2 (540 sqft), 3rd floor w/ elevator, in a typical red-brick early-20th century building, with large windows facing south, letting the sun pour inside all day long. Very bright & well organized 50 m2 (540 sqft) whole apartment for 2 persons, in the heart of authentic Montmartre. 3rd floor with elevator, in a typical red-brick early-20th century building, with large windows facing south, letting the sun pour inside all day long. - Spacious, sun-drowned living room, with large sofa, dining table, TV w/ Apple TV, hi-fi Airplay-enabled sound system and deck chair. - Fully equiped kitchen, with dish washer, washing machine, oven, fridge, freezer, kettle, toaster, extraction juicer. - Courtyard-side, quiet bedroom with queen size (160x200cm) bed, premium memory foam mattress, with fresh sheets included. - Bathroom with bathtub and fresh towels included. Super fast wireless internet. Building : doorcode & buzzer with
31718	Aucun vis à vis	"Résident dans une collocation chaleureuse avec mes deux amis Stéphane et Alexis, je vous accueille dans ma chambre (22m2) avec un grand lit 2 places et un futon. Proche de toutes commodités, et de Pigalle et Montmarte, vous vous y sentirez chez vous! Aucun vis à vis Métro ligne 12 arrêt ""porte de la chapelle"" Depuis l’aéroport Charles de Gaulle: RER B jusqu’à gare du nord, puis bus 65 ou 302 jusqu'a ""porte de la chapelle"" Depuis l'aéroport Orly: Orlybus jusqu'a ""Montparnasse"" puis ligne 12 jusqu'a ""porte de la chapelle"" Depuis Gare de Lyon, Gare du Nord, Gare de L'Est: Bus 65 direct 9 lignes de bus, 2 de nuits. 1 ligne de métro: la 12. 1 tramway: le T3B."
31719	The flat is quintessentially parisian!	A 40 sq m flat with a separate bedroom. The area has many bars and restaurants. The flat was entirely refurbished last year highlighting it's 100 year old (website hidden) is a 5 min walk to the Sacre coeur and a 3 min walk to the closest metro. The flat is quintessentially parisian! - Bedsheets and towels are included - The kitchen is fully equipped (oven,washer,hotplate,kettle, coffee maker) I'd love to grab a coffee with you when you arrive so I can help you plan your stay. If you'd rather be guided by your instinct in your discovery of Paris, that also works. - Quaint, village charm of Montmartre - Not in the flow of tourists - Great choice of restaurants and bars - Metro Line 12 (2min walk) - Larmarck Caulaincourt - Metro Line 4 (10 min walk) - Marcadet Poissoniers - Montmartrobus stop
31720		Quartier Montmartre, nous proposons notre appartement cosy et lumineux, au 5è étage, à 5 min à pied Sacré Cœur. Il comprend une chambre spacieuse avec un lit double, un salon/cuisine confortable totalement équipé et une salle de bain avec WC.
31721		Une pièce à l'arrière pour dormir tranquillement avec vue sur le sacré coeur. Une pièce salle à manger - cuisine et couchage d'appoint - avec une vue à couper le souffle sur la capitale. An amazing and wundefull view of Paris. Lave-linge, cuisine équ
31722		A cinq minutes a pied du quartier très convoité de Montmartre, dans une rue calme. L'appartement offre un panorama sur Paris. Vu sur le sacré coeur et la tour Eiffel. Idéal pour un week-end ou une semaine pour visiter Paris.
31723	Profité d'une douche à l'italienne, d'une cuisine équipée, d'un lave vaisselle, lave linge, d'un lit queen size grand confort. -2 TV -Wifi -imprimante 	Charmant deux pièces de 37m2, dans un viel immeuble parisien typique.  Entièrement refait à neuf, son style loft & cosy ne vous laissera pas indifférent.  Profité d'une douche à l'italienne, d'une cuisine équipée, d'un lave vaisselle, lave linge, d'un lit queen size grand confort. -2 TV -Wifi -imprimante Je serais absent car en déplacement à l'étranger, mais un amis s'occupera de vous remettre les clefs  Dans un quartier populaire du 18eme, vous êtes à 5min du métro Marcadet ou Simplon, et 15min à pied de Montmartre. -Ligne 4 et 12  >  5min à pied -Proche de toute ligne de bus -Gare du nord à proximité
31724	Apartment 32m2 for a perfect stay in an atypical Parisian apartment + 15m2 with the mezzanine It consists of a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with a 160x200 bed, a bathroom with WC. This is a Parisian typical apartment with wooden floors and exposed beams in the room. The apartment is on the 1st floor of a house in a famous street (private and accessible only with code) : passage pilleux, very quiet in a beautiful private courtyard. It is an apartment in duplex : the living room / kitchen and bathroom are on the 1st floor and the bedroom is in the 2nd floor, fully renovated. You will think being in a small house in central Paris. The flat is equiped with a climatisor so you can stay fresh on summer. You will also be able to get down and take your breakfast or a glass of wine outside on the table.  I am a friendly host and would be happy to welcome you in my apartment. A sofa bed can accommodate 2 additional people (140x190) and we have a baby cot available if needed f	Cute apartment in the heart of the Batignolles, near Montmartre. You will be close to transports and will enjoy a peaceful and clean place. See you soon ! Alexis & Camille Apartment 32m2 for a perfect stay in an atypical Parisian apartment + 15m2 with the mezzanine It consists of a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with a 160x200 bed, a bathroom with WC. This is a Parisian typical apartment with wooden floors and exposed beams in the room. The apartment is on the 1st floor of a house in a famous street (private and accessible only with code) : passage pilleux, very quiet in a beautiful private courtyard. It is an apartment in duplex : the living room / kitchen and bathroom are on the 1st floor and the bedroom is in the 2nd floor, fully renovated. You will think being in a small house in central Paris. The flat is equiped with a climatisor so you can stay fresh on summer. You will also be able to get down and take your breakfast or a glass of wine outside on the table.  I
31725	Located on the 4th floor of a classical parisian building, this 78 m2 appt has 2 bedrooms. It's a typical Parisian appt with wooden flooring, moulding and decorative fireplace in one of the bedroom. The appt, overlooking a courtyard, is calm, even if in a very lively area. As many typical parisian flat, there's no elevator.	It's a 78 m2 appt, great for staying in Montmartre area. Very calm, sunny, it's close to everything you need. Metro (line 2&4 - Barbes) is 4 mn walk, Gare du Nord is 1 station away. Also perfect for a couple with a child. We'll be happy to host you! Located on the 4th floor of a classical parisian building, this 78 m2 appt has 2 bedrooms. It's a typical Parisian appt with wooden flooring, moulding and decorative fireplace in one of the bedroom. The appt, overlooking a courtyard, is calm, even if in a very lively area. As many typical parisian flat, there's no elevator. 2 bedrooms (sheets and towels provided) - 1 double bed - 1 sofabed in one of the bedroom (2 people) - 1 baby bed (0 - 3ans) - 1 changing table  Bathroom with bathtub, Baby bathtub provided on request Big living room with open kitchen Internet-Wifi  Well equipped kitchen (washing machine, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave oven, Baby chair etc.) We remain available for any questions Barbes is a popular and surprising area. 
31726	Your studio apartment in Paris has everything you need for a successful romantic getaway. It is a bright, calm, warm cosy ground floor apartment, south facing, that looks into the interior courtyard verdure. Shielded from the noise of the street and is located in a safe area. It has a new large REAL (Queen sized) bed and comfortable mattress (1.60mx2m) An air mattress is available if required for a third person, or a child. There is free Wifi, internet, TV, music stereo, as well as a landline to receive calls. It was recently completely renovated and has a fully equipped kitchen. A bathroom and relaxing shower with chromo-ambient lighting, and an independent WC. Bed linen and towels are provided. There is a Secure digicode entrance.	Ideal for 2 people, Bright, calm, warm cosy ground floor apartment, looking to an interior courtyard verdure. A real bed (1.60x2m). Wifi and Hifi connected to TV. Fully equipped kitchen. Bathroom and relaxing shower with chromo-ambient lighting. Your studio apartment in Paris has everything you need for a successful romantic getaway. It is a bright, calm, warm cosy ground floor apartment, south facing, that looks into the interior courtyard verdure. Shielded from the noise of the street and is located in a safe area. It has a new large REAL (Queen sized) bed and comfortable mattress (1.60mx2m) An air mattress is available if required for a third person, or a child. There is free Wifi, internet, TV, music stereo, as well as a landline to receive calls. It was recently completely renovated and has a fully equipped kitchen. A bathroom and relaxing shower with chromo-ambient lighting, and an independent WC. Bed linen and towels are provided. There is a Secure digicode entrance. Free WiFi. 
31727		Studio mignon et comfortable dans un quartier très parisien et sympa. Un lit futon et un lit en Mezzanine. Rdc sur une rue calme et peu passante avec un marché et des cafés terrasses à côté. Ligne de métros à 5 mn, la 4 qui dessert le centre et St Germain des Prés et la 12 pour la Concorde et les Grands Magasins. Très pratique d'usage et tout aménagé, ce studio a une excellente atmosphère.
31728	The bedroom is really quiet and sunny with a single bed, a little desk and cupboards to put your clothes.	Nice single bedroom available all summer long for a short stay in Paris.  You will be sharing the place with us and we will provide all infos and tips for you to enjoy your time here. The bedroom is really quiet and sunny with a single bed, a little desk and cupboards to put your clothes. You will have access to the bathroom and the kitchen for breakfast. You can of course use the fridge to store food and beverage. We will be happy to give you advice and help you to enjoy your stay here. If you already know what you will do in Paris, we can pick some informations before your arrival. Our apartment is located in a lively neighborhood yet our street is quiet and charming. Montmartre with the Moulin Rouge and its typical rue Lepic and rue des Abbesses is only 5 minutes walk far, with its nice market and lots of cafés and restaurants. Subway / Metro  The closest station is Place de Clichy (lines 2 & 13) and you are 15 mn walk from Gare Saint-Lazare / Printemps - Galeries Lafayette
31729		Appartment on the ground floor, 20m2 with a spacious kitchen, a bedroom with a bed for 2 people. It's inclused a shower The Flat in a calm street close to Montmartre, Pigalle, Marché aux Puces. Subway Ligne 12 and 4.   
31730	A 5min à pied de la basilique de Montmartre.  Une douche à l'italienne.  Meilleurs artisans français tout proche.   Rue Calme. Loft exposé Sud.	Très jolie loft parisien aux briques apparentes de 50m2 situé en plein Montmartre dans une rue calme. Cuisine américaine, douche à l'italienne.  Au 2eme étage (très facile d'accès). Métro, Bus à 1min à pied.  Idéal pour un couple d'amoureux ! A 5min à pied de la basilique de Montmartre.  Une douche à l'italienne.  Meilleurs artisans français tout proche.   Rue Calme. Loft exposé Sud. Les voyageurs  auront accès à tout  Machine a laver  Lave vaisselle  Four Nesspresso  Dyson ...  Appartement non-fumeur  interdit aux animaux. Je connais Paris comme ma poche, j'y suis né!  Je me ferai donc un plaisir de répondre à toutes leurs questions. Aussi si ils le souhaite les services d'un guide ou d'un concierge particulier mis à leur disposition 24h/24h leur sera proposé.
31731	Un nid pour deux : vous serez réveillés en douceur le matin par les  oiseaux du jardin! Le studio lumineux, douillet et coquet vous invite au repos et la sérénité après les journées de visite trépidantes... le coin chambre est bien séparé du coin salon ; la banquette est également un vrai lit 1 personne (avec un bon matelas). Et puis je donne des adresses de bars et restaurants aux alentours : les vrais lieux fréquentés par les Parisiens du quartier.	à 15 mn à pied de Montmartre, Paris 18ème, dans un quartier populaire et tranquille,  au calme sur un jardin ; un grand studio (28m2), cosy, lumineux et bien équipé, proche des métros et bus, et de restaurants et bars de quartier : le vrai Paris ! Un nid pour deux : vous serez réveillés en douceur le matin par les  oiseaux du jardin! Le studio lumineux, douillet et coquet vous invite au repos et la sérénité après les journées de visite trépidantes... le coin chambre est bien séparé du coin salon ; la banquette est également un vrai lit 1 personne (avec un bon matelas). Et puis je donne des adresses de bars et restaurants aux alentours : les vrais lieux fréquentés par les Parisiens du quartier. Tout le logement et ses équipements électro ménagers bien sûr ; un grand placard attend vos vêtements. Je ne serai pas là pour vous accueillir puisque je loue mon appartement quand je suis loin de Paris, mais la gardienne de l'immeuble est adorable et vous accueillera (elle est sur place en cas d
31732	The flat is bright and well equiped.  The private room is pretty big, with a big mezzanine bed (for 2 persons), a couch, a big desk, and a guitar that you can play if want ! 	The room is in a bright flat well located. The bed is for 2 persons.  There are 2 Metro lines just down the building, they will carry you everywhere quickly. There's also a big couch/bed in the living room for 2 additional persons. Enjoy your trip ! The flat is bright and well equiped.  The private room is pretty big, with a big mezzanine bed (for 2 persons), a couch, a big desk, and a guitar that you can play if want !  Guests will have access to the room, the living room, the bathroom and kitchen.  If the room is for rent, it means I'm not here, so I won't be able to interact with the guests, but I can give you advice before you arrive. My flatmate can also answer to your questions...  The neighborhood is really nice !  2 metros lines can be found just down the building. No need to walk !  My flat mate is a really nice and discret person !  His room is in the other side of the appartment.  
31733	Studio de 18 M2	Charmant studio  lumineux dans une rue calme au 2e étage au cœur de la butte Montmartre entre la place des Abesses et le Sacré Cœur.  Très agréable à vivre, il offre une vue sur un petit jardin. Studio de 18 M2 Au coeur de la Butte Montmartre Montmartrobus  Station de Bus Drevet  Métro Place des Abesses ou Anvers
31734	Nicely furnished and very confortable.	"The appartment is located on the 4th floor of the building (no elevator). Nicely furnished and ideal for a couple. There are on bedroom withe a double room, a living room, one bathroom with shower and toilets, one kitchen (with everything you need). Nicely furnished and very confortable. The guests access to the entire appartment. At all time, I will make myself available in case there are issues that comes up or even if to provide information or how to get around. Montmartre is located on the 18th district, on the north of Paris. It is one of the best district. Very cosmopolite, you can visits monuments, the Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, cultural places, go to the african market,  theaters, various restaurants and bar, visit also the famous ""puces de saint ouen""... It is a few metro or bus stations far from the center: Saint Germain des Près, Le Louvre, Le Marais, les grands magasins, Beaubourg, Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe... I would like that the guests enjoys their and will then return "
31735	Mon logement personnel lorsque je ne suis pas sur mon lieu de travail. Contraste entre l'animation ethnique du quartier et la tranquillité de l'appartement.  Refait à neuf en 2014.	Un nid de 44 m2, salon, chambre, vue sur les toits, le ciel et au loin Montmartre et le Sacré-coeur. Au coeur de la Goutte d'Or avec son animation, sa multi-culture et ses marchés alimentaires. A 10 mn à pied de Montmartre. Mon logement personnel lorsque je ne suis pas sur mon lieu de travail. Contraste entre l'animation ethnique du quartier et la tranquillité de l'appartement.  Refait à neuf en 2014. Quartier très animé et très coloré, de nombreux magasins alimentaires de tous les pays du monde. Métro Château-Rouge, ligne 4
31736	Houses in Paris count on the fingers of the hand. Experience a warm and peaceful place at the heart of Paris.Perfect for 6, the house can accept until 8. There are two rooms (with a view of trees of the small garden, so romantic) and  2 sofas beds in the big lounge.	"Kind house very closed to the artist distict of Paris : Montmartre. Very calm in a little street...You will feel like a really parisian! Houses in Paris count on the fingers of the hand. Experience a warm and peaceful place at the heart of Paris.Perfect for 6, the house can accept until 8. There are two rooms (with a view of trees of the small garden, so romantic) and  2 sofas beds in the big lounge. I like travelling and meeting people. My friend is Italian so we like the mixture of the cultures  (Italian: with the beautiful family it is obliged;), Spanish: I made my erasmus in Spain, English: every good traveler has to manage etc.). Then, hasten to know you! Ah, I forgot, Fausto being a photographer we let us have a library of photography and consequent poetry;) I live for a long time in the 18è district. I adore this district because it is very cosmopolitan: artist with Montmartre, village with his magnificent market, being a surprise with his immense ""marché aux puces, rich in its "
31737	L'appartement se situe au 3ème étage d'un immeuble typique parisien. Il est composé d'une cuisine avec four, four micro-ondes, plaques vitro-céramiques et vaisselle, d'un salon avec canapé convertible, tv écran plat, téléphone, accès Wifi, d'une chambre avec lit double, commode et penderie et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. Les WC sont séparés.	Bel appartement de 35m² au pied de Montmartre et à 5 minutes à pied du Sacré-Coeur.  L'appartement se situe au 3ème étage d'un immeuble typique parisien. Il est composé d'une cuisine avec four, four micro-ondes, plaques vitro-céramiques et vaisselle, d'un salon avec canapé convertible, tv écran plat, téléphone, accès Wifi, d'une chambre avec lit double, commode et penderie et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. Les WC sont séparés. Le logement est à louer entièrement. Je réponds à toutes vos questions par mail et une personne sera là pour accueillir votre arrivée et votre départ. Le quartier est très sympathique car il fait partie du bas de Montmartre. Il y a donc de nombreux commerces de proximités (boulangeries, boucheries, poissonneries...) et des cafés et restaurants. L'appartement est situé à 3 minutes à pied du métro Marcadet-Poissonniers (lignes 4 et 12), à 5 minutes à pied du Sacré-Coeur et de Montmartre, à 5 minutes en métro de la gare du Nord et 15 minutes 
31738	Le parquet d’origine, ses moulures au plafond et ses anciennes cheminées (Non fonctionnelles) font de cet espace un appartement typiquement parisien. Appartement de 30m2 très agréable à vivre, lumineux, calme et donne sur la cour intérieure.  L’appartement situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, avis au amateur, il faudra un peu de motivation pour découvrir ce petit nid romantique. Mais une fois arrivé et la découverte du quartier, vous oublierez vite ce petit détail ;-) La cuisine est équipée : vaisselle, couverts, nécessaire de cuisine, machine Nespresso + capsules, four, plaques à induction et lave-linge sont à votre entière disposition.  La chambre : est équipée d’un lit double, les draps et serviettes de bain sont fournis. (Si vous avez besoin d’un couchage supplémentaire, le canapé est convertible). 	Le parquet d’origine, ses moulures au plafond et ses anciennes cheminées (Non fonctionnelles) font de cet espace un appartement typiquement parisien. Appartement de 30m2 très agréable à vivre, lumineux, calme et donne sur la cour intérieure.  L’appartement situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, avis au amateur, il faudra un peu de motivation pour découvrir ce petit nid romantique. Mais une fois arrivé et la découverte du quartier, vous oublierez vite ce petit détail ;-) La cuisine est équipée : vaisselle, couverts, nécessaire de cuisine, machine Nespresso + capsules, four, plaques à induction et lave-linge sont à votre entière disposition.  La chambre : est équipée d’un lit double, les draps et serviettes de bain sont fournis. (Si vous avez besoin d’un couchage supplémentaire, le canapé est convertible). Le quartier est très agréable à vivre ! De nombreux bars et restaurants pleins de charme animent le quartier. L’appartement est à 2 min à pied du métro Jules Joffrin en face de la mairie 
31739	"Beautifull one bedroom appartment in an Haussmannian building. 2nd floor with elevator. One entrance, a bathroom with shower, large kitchen (dishwasher and washing machine) and a comfortable bedroom. Balcony view on the ""Sacré-coeur"" (with table and chairs for outside). Telephone (France and international), internet. The neighborhood is the artistic district of Paris call ""le village' because you feel in a small town where everybody knows everybody. You can walk to the Sacré Coeur and Abesses (lots of shops and nice restaurants) and Pigalle with the famous Moulin Rouge ! Back home, you are in a quiet and warm place.  2 minutes away from local businesses (bakery, supermarket, butcher's shop ...).  3 minutes away from the station Lamarck-caulaincourt (L12) and 7 minutes from the station Château-rouge (L4). Welcoming brasserie just down the building. I love my place and i feel comfort in it and as in a real little boudoir. I want people to feel good and to take care as i do of the place. "	"Beautifull one bedroom appartment in an Haussmannian building. 2nd floor with elevator. One entrance, a bathroom with shower, large kitchen (dishwasher and washing machine) and a comfortable bedroom. Balcony view on the ""Sacré-coeur"" (with table and chairs for outside). Telephone (France and international), internet. The neighborhood is the artistic district of Paris call ""le village' because you feel in a small town where everybody knows everybody. You can walk to the Sacré Coeur and Abesses (lots of shops and nice restaurants) and Pigalle with the famous Moulin Rouge ! Back home, you are in a quiet and warm place.  2 minutes away from local businesses (bakery, supermarket, butcher's shop ...).  3 minutes away from the station Lamarck-caulaincourt (L12) and 7 minutes from the station Château-rouge (L4). Welcoming brasserie just down the building. I love my place and i feel comfort in it and as in a real little boudoir. I want people to feel good and to take care as i do of the place. "
31740	Le logement se compose : - d'une entrée avec grande cuisine équipée (four, micro onde, grille pain, bouilloire,...) - d'un double séjour avec deux grandes fenêtres donnant sur l'animation de la rue (TV avec plus de 100 chaines, internet, quelques DVD et CD) - une chambre avec un lit double (draps fournis) - une petite salle de bain fonctionnelle (sèche cheveux, serviettes de toilette) - de toilettes séparées - d'une petite buanderie avec machine à laver, étendoir pour le linge, fer à repasser ------ You will find : - a large kitchen with all you need (oven, microwave, toaster, kettle...) - a large living and dining room with 2 big windows on the animated street (TV, wifi, DVD, CD, books...) - a bedroom with a bed (sheets provided) - a small but nice bathroom (air-dryer, towels included) - seperate WC - small utility room with washing machine and iron	Charmant appartement au cœur du quartier cosmopolite de Château Rouge, à quelques mètres seulement du métro. Il se situe à 5 minutes à pied de Montmartre, dans un quartier commerçant : fruits et légumes, poissonneries, boucheries au pied du logement. Le logement se compose : - d'une entrée avec grande cuisine équipée (four, micro onde, grille pain, bouilloire,...) - d'un double séjour avec deux grandes fenêtres donnant sur l'animation de la rue (TV avec plus de 100 chaines, internet, quelques DVD et CD) - une chambre avec un lit double (draps fournis) - une petite salle de bain fonctionnelle (sèche cheveux, serviettes de toilette) - de toilettes séparées - d'une petite buanderie avec machine à laver, étendoir pour le linge, fer à repasser ------ You will find : - a large kitchen with all you need (oven, microwave, toaster, kettle...) - a large living and dining room with 2 big windows on the animated street (TV, wifi, DVD, CD, books...) - a bedroom with a bed (sheets provided) - a smal
31741	Beautiful architect  apartment of 25 m2, first ground floor with - A room with a double bed - A bathroom with Italian shower - A sofa bed in the living room The apartment is fully equiped : oven / dishwasher / washing machine	Architect apartment of 25 m2 comfortable until 4 beds (1 bed + 1 sofa - bed) Located in Montmartre, It Is Ideal for discover Paris. - Metro Abbesses / Pigalle - 5 min walk from the Sacre Coeur and the Moulin Rouge - 10 minutes from the Champs Elysées Beautiful architect  apartment of 25 m2, first ground floor with - A room with a double bed - A bathroom with Italian shower - A sofa bed in the living room The apartment is fully equiped : oven / dishwasher / washing machine Access to full house. The linen (sheets, towels ) are included.
31742		PARIS MONTMARTRE : Moulin Rouge, Sacré-Cœur, Place du Tertre, rues Lepic et Abbesses, commerces, bars, restaurants, bistrots, théâtres, artisans et artistes, la mode, la musique, les chansons et la vie nocturne …
31743	Charming studio 5 minutes walk from Montmartre, fully equipped: modern kitchen, bathroom with shower, sitting area and dining table. 2 bed loft spaces. Internet, bed linen and towels, fridge, toaster (and everything needed to cook), washing machine. 	Charming studio 5 minutes walk from Montmartre. Ideal for 2 people, very quiet and sunny, in a lively and authentic neighborhood. The surrounding area is full of bars and restaurants. I recommend the Italian restaurant up the street! Charming studio 5 minutes walk from Montmartre, fully equipped: modern kitchen, bathroom with shower, sitting area and dining table. 2 bed loft spaces. Internet, bed linen and towels, fridge, toaster (and everything needed to cook), washing machine.  I'll be here to welcome you and answer any question you might have. You can easily get around Paris by metro (line 4 and 12), buses, taxis, Vélib, Autolib. Châtelet is 12 minutes by metro. 
31744	Situe dans le vieux montmartre,vous decouvrirez Paris comme jamais!	"Aux pieds des escaliers de la butte montmartre  se trouve ce petit nid douillet:hyper calme,les oiseaux vous reveilleront le matin!! Vous pourrez  decouvrir,a pied,le sacre Coeur,le Moulin Rouge,aller jusqu aux Grands Magasins,l Opera! Situe dans le vieux montmartre,vous decouvrirez Paris comme jamais! Appartement situe au 3 eme etage,( sans ascenseur... c est montmartre). Il y a un code d acces et toujours quelqu un pour vous accueillir! Nous sommes la pour vous aider,aussi que ce soit par internet,telephone ou meme en direct,nous sommes disponibles! Quartier assez jeune,avec de plus en plus d endroits""branches"". Vous avez de nombreux Bus(rue Custine)ainsi que des stations de metro(Anvers,Barbes...)et un Parking juste au bout de la rue!"
31745	A beautiful and lovely appartment in paris! Classy, confortable and really clean  this studio is located in the really nice area of Bastille, not far from Gare de Lyon; For one person or a couple, you’ll enjoy your journey  in this lightning flat at the 3rd floor. Moreover, common parts are freshly renovated!  . Wi-Fi access; Neighbourhood is really animated and lively: you’ll find plenty of restaurants in the Rue de Lappe. There is also a market with fruits&vegetables every Sunday morning, and a French boulangerie very near from the apartment! You can also go for a walk along the Seine embankment 	A beautiful and lovely appartment in paris! Classy, confortable and really clean  this studio is located in the really nice area of Bastille, not far from Gare de Lyon; For one person or a couple, you’ll enjoy your journey  in this lightning flat at the 3rd floor. Moreover, common parts are freshly renovated!  . Wi-Fi access; Neighbourhood is really animated and lively: you’ll find plenty of restaurants in the Rue de Lappe. There is also a market with fruits&vegetables every Sunday morning, and a French boulangerie very near from the apartment! You can also go for a walk along the Seine embankment 
31746	The apartment features: - one spacious living room with a sofa - two bedrooms with two double beds (160x200) and two desks - a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, 4 gaz cooktops, oven, coffee maker, washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, toaster) - one bathroom with a walk-in shower - one separate toilets Towels and bed linens are furnished.	Modern, bright and cosy apartment on the 5th floor (no lift), in a lively neighbourhood near Montmartre.  - Two bedrooms with two king size double beds - Fully equipped kitchen open on a spacious living room - Large walk-in shower 77m2/828ft2 The apartment features: - one spacious living room with a sofa - two bedrooms with two double beds (160x200) and two desks - a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, 4 gaz cooktops, oven, coffee maker, washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, toaster) - one bathroom with a walk-in shower - one separate toilets Towels and bed linens are furnished. You will have the whole apartment. The apartment is on the 5th floor, without elevator. I always manage to welcome you in person when you arrive to present you the apartment and the neighborhood and answer your questions. During your stay, you can quickly contact me by phone or email. The flat is located in a vibrant and multicultural area of Paris and is only 15 min away from Sacré Coeur or Paris Flea M
31747	Welcome home ! After a long and harassing day of visits, you will feel comfortable in our lovely apartment! You can rest and have a drink in the living room before going out for dinner or cooking a homemade dinner. Then, you will sleep in a big private room (12 m²). You will have an entire closet for you so you can really feel at home!	Stay in our lovely apartment, quiet and safe on ground floor. Montmartre (email hidden) by walking, and you can go easily anywhere else in Paris with 2 metros at less than 5 mn away. Welcome home ! After a long and harassing day of visits, you will feel comfortable in our lovely apartment! You can rest and have a drink in the living room before going out for dinner or cooking a homemade dinner. Then, you will sleep in a big private room (12 m²). You will have an entire closet for you so you can really feel at home! Our hosts have access to the living room (sofa, TV, dinner table),  to the full equipped kitchen, and to the bathroom. It is also possible to use the washing machine. My roommate and I will welcome you and will help you to plan you stay if you wish to. We will be very pleased to share with you our best spots in Pars. But as we have a busy schedule, we won’t be often in the apartment. Quiet street but close from a bustling neighborhood. You can walk to Montmartre. The biggest
31748	Renovated & modern apartment located on 4th ground floor of building courtyard with elevator. Ideally located at the bottom of Montmartre very close to subway lines 12 and close to velib stations. Bed sheets and towels are provided. Fast access to the main points of interest in Paris: - Sacre coeur / Montmartre: 5 minutes walk - Pompidou center / Marais / Chatelet: 10 minutes sub - Pigalle : 10 minutes walk - Notre Dame de Paris: 15 min sub - Eiffel tower: 20 min sub The apartment is very well equipped for maximum confort :  - king size bed with a high quality bedding & linens - easy and fast convertible sofa with high quality mattress  - Shower (100% cotton towels provided) - flat screen TV with international channels  - Internet (wireless)  - hifi system  - dvd player and dvds  - fun lighting system  - microwave - oven  - cooker - washing machine - air-dryer  - toaster  - coffe machine / teapot  - refrigerator - dishes Many shoppings, bars and restaurants around the place. Drop me a 	Renovated & modern apartment located on 4th ground floor of building courtyard with elevator. Renovated & modern apartment located on 4th ground floor of building courtyard with elevator. Ideally located at the bottom of Montmartre very close to subway lines 12 and close to velib stations. Bed sheets and towels are provided. Fast access to the main points of interest in Paris: - Sacre coeur / Montmartre: 5 minutes walk - Pompidou center / Marais / Chatelet: 10 minutes sub - Pigalle : 10 minutes walk - Notre Dame de Paris: 15 min sub - Eiffel tower: 20 min sub The apartment is very well equipped for maximum confort :  - king size bed with a high quality bedding & linens - easy and fast convertible sofa with high quality mattress  - Shower (100% cotton towels provided) - flat screen TV with international channels  - Internet (wireless)  - hifi system  - dvd player and dvds  - fun lighting system  - microwave - oven  - cooker - washing machine - air-dryer  - toaster  - coffe machine / tea
31749	"Welcome to my cosy apartment, ideally located in Montmartre, absolutly perfect for a couple ! In the close surroundings, you will have the possibility to discover - the Sacré Coeur basilica (two minutes walk) and its gardens - Montmartre with all its beauties (Place du Tertre, Abbesses area,...) There are several public transport stops near the apartment - Metro stop ""Anvers"" on line 2 (which goes to Place de l’Étoile, to Gare du Nord, to Père Lachaise cimetery…) - Metro stop ""Barbes-rochechouard"" on line 4 (which goes to Paris city center, Saint Michel, Luxembourg garden) - Metro stop ""Abbesses"" on line 12 (which goes to Concorde…). The Gare du Nord is 10/15 mins walk. In the close neighborhood, you will enjoy several restaurants and pubs,  bakeries, supermarket, grocery store, butcher’s shop, wine shop, cheese shop, local street market, a swimming pool, cinemas, theatres, many lovely cafés, a laundry service just down the building and most important...a very quiet atmosphere... In my"	"Welcome to my cosy apartment, ideally located in Montmartre, absolutly perfect for a couple ! In the close surroundings, you will have the possibility to discover - the Sacré Coeur basilica (two minutes walk) and its gardens - Montmartre with all its beauties (Place du Tertre, Abbesses area,...) There are several public transport stops near the apartment - Metro stop ""Anvers"" on line 2 (which goes to Place de l’Étoile, to Gare du Nord, to Père Lachaise cimetery…) - Metro stop ""Barbes-rochechouard"" on line 4 (which goes to Paris city center, Saint Michel, Luxembourg garden) - Metro stop ""Abbesses"" on line 12 (which goes to Concorde…). The Gare du Nord is 10/15 mins walk. In the close neighborhood, you will enjoy several restaurants and pubs,  bakeries, supermarket, grocery store, butcher’s shop, wine shop, cheese shop, local street market, a swimming pool, cinemas, theatres, many lovely cafés, a laundry service just down the building and most important...a very quiet atmosphere... In my"
31750	"Quiet and sympathic, in a lively place called ""Village Ramey"". 40m2, living room with sleeping for 2 people, and bedroom for 2 with a balcony on the 5th floor : Paris roofs ans chemnee!! Very attractive place to live where you'll immediatly feel comfortable. Perfectly located, 5 minutes by foot (steps or lift) from Sacre-coeur. Lot of shops in the hostly neighbourhood, excellent bakery and tradtionnal restaurants, exhibitions, much possibilities for going out.  The 18th arrondissement of Paris is composed as a mosaïc. You can walk 5 minutes and you are in the romantic Paris, Montmartre, old and charming streets with signs of souvenirs of such artists as Picasso, Modigliani, Dali, Cocteau, Breton;  or you can walk 10 minutes and it's the ""grands boulevards"" effervescence, with Moulin Rouge, Pigalle... All around the Ramey street you'll find food shops (all kind of very good restaurants, but also italian trattoria, french gastronomy) as well as artist shops : design, fashion, creation; o"	"Quiet and sympathic, in a lively place called ""Village Ramey"". 40m2, living room with sleeping for 2 people, and bedroom for 2 with a balcony on the 5th floor : Paris roofs ans chemnee!! Very attractive place to live where you'll immediatly feel comfortable. Perfectly located, 5 minutes by foot (steps or lift) from Sacre-coeur. Lot of shops in the hostly neighbourhood, excellent bakery and tradtionnal restaurants, exhibitions, much possibilities for going out.  The 18th arrondissement of Paris is composed as a mosaïc. You can walk 5 minutes and you are in the romantic Paris, Montmartre, old and charming streets with signs of souvenirs of such artists as Picasso, Modigliani, Dali, Cocteau, Breton;  or you can walk 10 minutes and it's the ""grands boulevards"" effervescence, with Moulin Rouge, Pigalle... All around the Ramey street you'll find food shops (all kind of very good restaurants, but also italian trattoria, french gastronomy) as well as artist shops : design, fashion, creation; o"
31751	Je vous présente mon appartement sous les toits de Paris au 6ème étage sans ascenseur d'un  immeuble entretenu dans la quartier animé et cosmopolite du 18 ème arrondissement de Paris. Il s'agit d'un 3 pièces de 45 m2,  en bon état, composé d'une entrée, d'un salon  avec une télévision écran plat de 80 cm. Une chambre à coucher avec un vrai lit double (1m40 X 1m90m) . Une cuisine entièrement équipée d'un frigidaire, congélateur, d'une cuisinière électrique avec un four, d'un micro-onde, d'un grille pain, d'une bouilloire électrique et d'une cafetière. Une petite pièce qui peut servir de salle à manger ou de bureau en fonction de vos besoins. Une salle de bain avec une douche et wc.  L'appartement est équipé de wifi. L'appartement est lumineux et calme et bénéficie d'une vue sur les toits de Paris. Il est situé dans le quartier très animé et cosmopolite du 18 ème arrondissement  de Paris, à 1à minutes à pied de Montmartre et de son atmosphère unique. Il est desservi par 1 station de métr	Je vous propose un charmant appartement sous les toits dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris. Cet appartement de 3 pièces se situe dans un immeuble bien entretenu, au pied du métro, dans un quartier cosmopolite de Paris à quelques pas de Montmartre. Je vous présente mon appartement sous les toits de Paris au 6ème étage sans ascenseur d'un  immeuble entretenu dans la quartier animé et cosmopolite du 18 ème arrondissement de Paris. Il s'agit d'un 3 pièces de 45 m2,  en bon état, composé d'une entrée, d'un salon  avec une télévision écran plat de 80 cm. Une chambre à coucher avec un vrai lit double (1m40 X 1m90m) . Une cuisine entièrement équipée d'un frigidaire, congélateur, d'une cuisinière électrique avec un four, d'un micro-onde, d'un grille pain, d'une bouilloire électrique et d'une cafetière. Une petite pièce qui peut servir de salle à manger ou de bureau en fonction de vos besoins. Une salle de bain avec une douche et wc.  L'appartement est équipé de wifi. L'appartement est lumineu
31752	We just bought this apartment in Paris  because we fell in love with this very special part of Paris . The apartment is very quiet , the neighbours very friendly and helpful .Just like us , you will enjoy the special atmosphere of the Village de Montmartre. Our apartment is cute , comfortable and cosy and means a lot to us . 	We just bought this apartment in Paris  because we fell in love with this very special part of Paris . The apartment is very quiet , the neighbours very friendly and helpful .Just like us , you will enjoy the special atmosphere of the Village de Montmartre. Our apartment is cute , comfortable and cosy and means a lot to us .  Everything in the apartment will be your's during your stay . We want you to feel at home ; you'll be more than welcome to use everything you find in the kitchen. Unfortunately Alex ( my husband) and I might not be around when you come as we live and work in Alsace , but we'll be happy to communicate with our guests by email or by phone. My sister Michèle lives in Paris and will be available for you and will  help you during your stay.
31753	Charmant studio au pied de Montmartre L’appartement est situé dans le quartier de la Butte Montmartre. De Vincent van Gogh à Toulouse-Lautrec en passant par Modigliani et Pablo Picasso, le quartier de la Butte Montmartre a inspiré les plus grands peintres. Montmartre est une ancienne commune française du département de la Seine, annexée en 1860 par Paris. Entièrement refait à neuf c’est un charmant studio de 25 m2. Il peut accueillir confortablement jusqu’à 4 voyageurs, dans l’idéal 2 adultes et 2 enfants. Le logement : Il est situé rue Cyrano de Bergerac, dans un immeuble typique de l’architecture Montmartroise au réez de chaussée. Idéalement localisé pour un séjour romantique ou familial dans l’ambiance du Paris populaire. Vous profiterez d'une petite cuisine fonctionnelle et équipée, donnant sur Une petite cour privative ou il fait bon petit-déjeuner. Le séjour est lumineux et donne également sur la cour. L’internet sans fil, la télévision, 1 toilettes… Le salon est équipé d’un cana	Charmant studio au pied de Montmartre L’appartement est situé dans le quartier de la Butte Montmartre a deux pas de la butte Montmartre dont les escaliers d'accès si situe dans la rue où se trouve l'appartement. Charmant studio au pied de Montmartre L’appartement est situé dans le quartier de la Butte Montmartre. De Vincent van Gogh à Toulouse-Lautrec en passant par Modigliani et Pablo Picasso, le quartier de la Butte Montmartre a inspiré les plus grands peintres. Montmartre est une ancienne commune française du département de la Seine, annexée en 1860 par Paris. Entièrement refait à neuf c’est un charmant studio de 25 m2. Il peut accueillir confortablement jusqu’à 4 voyageurs, dans l’idéal 2 adultes et 2 enfants. Le logement : Il est situé rue Cyrano de Bergerac, dans un immeuble typique de l’architecture Montmartroise au réez de chaussée. Idéalement localisé pour un séjour romantique ou familial dans l’ambiance du Paris populaire. Vous profiterez d'une petite cuisine fonctionnelle et
31754		Petit deux pièces, pouvant accueillir 3 personnes voire 4 ( une chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon), à 7 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, situé dans une rue animée. Nombreux restaurants et bars proche de la rue. Tout équipé, tout confort !
31755	Fully equipped kitchen, double dining and living room. 2 bedrooms: one including a queen size bed and a kid room including 2 1.50m beds (suitable for children up to 8 years old).  Possibility to arrange a foldable regular size bed for an older child if needed. Closets available for your personal belongings so you can truly feel at home. Very nice neighborhood: The apartment is conveniently located a few minute walk away from the heart of Montmartre, in a very quiet area.  Steps away from 2 convenient subway lines (#12 & #13) and many bus stops. We will be happy to leave you all info regarding public transportation. The apartment is facing a beautiful square including a playground area for children. Great restaurants and food stores all around the apartment, including bakery, butcher, fruits and veggies…. We will be happy to share our list of favorites.	Beautiful, fully remodeled Haussman apartment in the heart of the 18th arrondissement, IDEAL FOR A COUPLE OR A FAMILY WITH YOUNG CHILDREN. Fully equipped kitchen, dining and living room. 2 bedrooms: one queen size bed and two 1.5m (5') kid beds. Fully equipped kitchen, double dining and living room. 2 bedrooms: one including a queen size bed and a kid room including 2 1.50m beds (suitable for children up to 8 years old).  Possibility to arrange a foldable regular size bed for an older child if needed. Closets available for your personal belongings so you can truly feel at home. Very nice neighborhood: The apartment is conveniently located a few minute walk away from the heart of Montmartre, in a very quiet area.  Steps away from 2 convenient subway lines (#12 & #13) and many bus stops. We will be happy to leave you all info regarding public transportation. The apartment is facing a beautiful square including a playground area for children. Great restaurants and food stores all around t
31756	Joli studio au cœur de Montmartre, dans un immeuble typique du quartier et qui donne directement sur le Sacré Cœur. Il se compose d’une agréable pièce à vivre aménagée d’un canapé-lit double, d’une cuisine américaine et de nombreux espaces de rangements. La petite cuisine ouverte est entièrement équipée pour que vous ne manquiez de rien pendant votre séjour (plaques de cuisson, four et micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, cafetière, couverts, vaisselle). La salle de bain est équipée d’un lavabo, d’un sèche-serviette et d’une douche à effet pluie, idéale pour se détendre. Vous serez séduits par l’ambiance sereine et le calme de cet appartement. En outre, téléviseur HD avec chaînes câblées, hifi et connexion wifi sont à votre disposition. Les draps et serviettes de toilettes sont bien sûr fournis.	Joli studio au coeur de Montmartre et face au Sacré-Coeur. Il peut accueillir deux personnes avec cuisine ouverte, parquet, très calme et dans un quartier idéal avec ses petits commerces, bistrots et boulangeries. Joli studio au cœur de Montmartre, dans un immeuble typique du quartier et qui donne directement sur le Sacré Cœur. Il se compose d’une agréable pièce à vivre aménagée d’un canapé-lit double, d’une cuisine américaine et de nombreux espaces de rangements. La petite cuisine ouverte est entièrement équipée pour que vous ne manquiez de rien pendant votre séjour (plaques de cuisson, four et micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, cafetière, couverts, vaisselle). La salle de bain est équipée d’un lavabo, d’un sèche-serviette et d’une douche à effet pluie, idéale pour se détendre. Vous serez séduits par l’ambiance sereine et le calme de cet appartement. En outre, téléviseur HD avec chaînes câblées, hifi et connexion wifi sont à votre disposition. Les draps et serviettes de toilettes sont bien s
31757	- bright 33m2 studio : 8m2 bedroom with a view on the Sacré-coeur, leavingroom & kitchen space and a small bedroom. - quiet building with elevator (studio on 7th floor) - door codes and nice housekeeper 	While I am out of Paris I propose my nice studio situated in a pleasant neighbourghood between the Clignancourt fleemarket and Montmartre. - bright 33m2 studio : 8m2 bedroom with a view on the Sacré-coeur, leavingroom & kitchen space and a small bedroom. - quiet building with elevator (studio on 7th floor) - door codes and nice housekeeper - access to any part of my studio, including kitchen facilities : spices and cookware, whashing machine. Feel free to cook. - towels, sheets and dishcloth provided - No cupboard or dressing disposal - keys to be wisdrawn from the housekeeper - subway map - neighbourghood indications - populaire and bobo area,  - close to the flee market : 10 min walk - close to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur : 20 min walk - several subway and buses lignes - Many bakeries, butchers, supermarkets (Rue du Poteau), cafés, restaurants all around subway line 4 (porte de Clignancourt) the nearest, proche and line 12 (Mairie du XVIIIe- Jules Joffrin) easier when you have suitcas
31758		I love the bare stone walls, the tile floor, and the exposed roof beams of my little studio. I love the area its located in right at the foot of sacre cœur and a stones throw from Pigalle, Montmartre, Clichy and with easy access to Metro lines 2 +12.
31759	Lovely appartement very bright and sunny close to a little green square in a quiet quarter. From the entrance you can reach directly every piece; the living room separate the two bedrooms. Tasteful and artistically decorated.	Hello,  pretty apartment, entirely renewed, in an hausmannian building, 1st floor with elevator. On 63 sqmt, two bedrooms and one living room, fully equiped kitchen and bathroom. Illimited WiFi connection. Lovely appartement very bright and sunny close to a little green square in a quiet quarter. From the entrance you can reach directly every piece; the living room separate the two bedrooms. Tasteful and artistically decorated. We have a reliable reference. A very nice friend who lives very close will take care of your needs during the stay. This is an historical popular quarter, with differents communities coming from many parts of the world. At 15 min, Montmartre, with place the Tertre, Abesses, and Museum Dali'. Historical flea market of porte de Clignancourt at 10 minutes. In 5 minutes walking, you have a big Super Market, and three times a week there is a nice street market. The appartment is at five minutes from line 4 (marcadet poissoniers et simplon) and 12 (marcadet poissonier
31760	1er étage: grande pièce à vivre de 60m² lumineux avec cuisine équipée et canapé lit confortable pour 2 (160!). Au 2ème étage: une grande chambre avec dressing, des wc indépendants et une salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Dans les wc, accès à un lave linge et un sèche linge.	Très beau duplex meublé et équipé de 90m². SDB, grande chambre. Charme de l’ancien avec poêle prussien, cheminée, le tout réhabilité design. Cuisine équipée et ouverte dans grande pièce à vivre de 60m² avec canapé lit pour 2 personnes (couchage 160). 1er étage: grande pièce à vivre de 60m² lumineux avec cuisine équipée et canapé lit confortable pour 2 (160!). Au 2ème étage: une grande chambre avec dressing, des wc indépendants et une salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Dans les wc, accès à un lave linge et un sèche linge. A 200m du métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12). Juste à côté du charmant marché de l'Olive.  
31761	Situated in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur. This small but awsome Parisian loft of 35 square meters, tall ceiling, is located in the Mont Cenis Street in the 18th arrondissement (20 meters from the Metro Jules Joffrin), on the ground floor (0 floor US) of a 19th century building and it can accommodate 3 guests.	Industrial & nordik style in the Montmartre, located in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur, full of café bar, bakers, french restaurants. Situated in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur. This small but awsome Parisian loft of 35 square meters, tall ceiling, is located in the Mont Cenis Street in the 18th arrondissement (20 meters from the Metro Jules Joffrin), on the ground floor (0 floor US) of a 19th century building and it can accommodate 3 guests. This apartment consists of a living room with one small patio, a kitchen, a bathroom with shower and a toilette separed and it is fully equipped with: refrigerator, TV, Free internet access.  Like having your own home in Paris.  Beyond comfort and decor, here are a few of the amenities our guests rave about: flat screen TV  complimentary free high speed internet  magazines a
31762	A very typical old parisien flat (Haussmann style). Very charming and peacefull, its brightness immediately seduced us. It's one the 4th floor with a elevator. Very functional, with a full equiped kitchen. We have one parent's room with a big bed, a kid's room with 2 small beds and a big matress and a new sofa bed very confortable. (140/200) You will FEEL GOOD in!	Lovely family flat. (4 rooms/ 80m2). Very good situation, you will reach the main places of interest with the subway in 20mn maximum, the Sacré coeur in 10mn by walk.  Lots of shops, restaurants, bars... around. we will council you our good adresses. A very typical old parisien flat (Haussmann style). Very charming and peacefull, its brightness immediately seduced us. It's one the 4th floor with a elevator. Very functional, with a full equiped kitchen. We have one parent's room with a big bed, a kid's room with 2 small beds and a big matress and a new sofa bed very confortable. (140/200) You will FEEL GOOD in! WiFi, dishwashers, washing machine tumble-dryer. Outside, you will find a lot of shops... We even have the market 3 times a week, with our favorite truck farmer who cultivates magnificent fruits and vegetables.  I will be happy to help you to prepare you stay.  Popular and smart. Montmatre is the place to stay if you want to discover Paris! Simplon, Jules Joffrin and a lot of bus
31763	Appartement 3 pièces confortable équipé et décoré avec goût. Intérieur de style ancien remis au gout du jour (parquet, moulures et cheminées)	Appartement 3 pièces confortable équipé et décoré avec goût. Intérieur de style ancien remis au gout du jour (parquet, moulures et cheminées) Vous disposerez d'une agréable chambre de 12m² environ équipée d'un canapé convertible (matelas de bonne qualité). L'usage de la salle de douche et des WC est partagé avec les hôtes. Notre appartement se situe au cœur d'un quartier calme très parisien loin de l'agitation touristique. De nombreux commerces se trouvent à proximité (rue du Poteau) Lignes de Métro: 4 Pte de Clignancourt                             12 Jules Joffrin                             13 Guy Moquet Lignes de Bus: 95, 60, 31, PC3
31764	"Hello !  I am a Frenchman. Born and raised in Morocco. I resided abroad for many years (USA, Mexico...). I am a free thinker. Very open to connecting foreign cultures together from around the world. That philosophy inspired me to open my flat to the many who wish to visit Paris and France.  I am fond of sharing, communicating, relating to people by exchanging thoughts and ideas.  I care about mutual respect, tolerance towards others, acceptance of individual differences, be it race, color, religion, sexual preference. I like the Arts, Cinema, Stage, Music, Litterature, Traveling.  Fond of gourmet cuisine and good wine. My motto is : ""Do not do to others what you would not have others do to you."" ---------------About the flat The apartment is fully equipped and with his almost 30 square meters is located at ground floor (you won't have to carry the baggage throght the nasty and narrow Paris stairs). I fully renovated it this spring 2015: kitchen, new sleeping couch, a spacios toilet and"	"Welcome in Paris! My name is Jean Marc and I am glad you are looking a flat to spend some marvelous days one of the most beautifil cities Europes. This is my flat, I myself renoveted it this spring. It is located in an old but fully functional. Hello !  I am a Frenchman. Born and raised in Morocco. I resided abroad for many years (USA, Mexico...). I am a free thinker. Very open to connecting foreign cultures together from around the world. That philosophy inspired me to open my flat to the many who wish to visit Paris and France.  I am fond of sharing, communicating, relating to people by exchanging thoughts and ideas.  I care about mutual respect, tolerance towards others, acceptance of individual differences, be it race, color, religion, sexual preference. I like the Arts, Cinema, Stage, Music, Litterature, Traveling.  Fond of gourmet cuisine and good wine. My motto is : ""Do not do to others what you would not have others do to you."" ---------------About the flat The apartment is ful"
31765	Au cinquième étage avec ascenseur, notre appartement est situé à 10 minutes à pied seulement de la butte Montmartre et de son célèbre Sacré-Coeur.  Dans une rue très au calme, proche de tous commerces (supermarchés, boulangeries et pâtisseries renommées), et de bars aux ambiances sympathiques, profitez des différentes attractions de la ville lumière.  Son intérieur très cosy, son parquet ancien, ses moulures et cheminées dans chaque pièce, sa vue sur les toits de la capitale donnent à ce doux foyer tout le charme de l'appartement typiquement parisien. Doté d'une cuisine fonctionnelle (four, plaques électriques, cafetière et tout le nécessaire pour se restaurer)  d'une salle de bain avec  baignoire, d'un salon accueillant avec canapé et télé, et d'une chambre confortable, installez vous avant d'aller vous balader et flâner en toute quiétude dans la ville des amoureux. 	Au cinquième étage avec ascenseur, notre appartement est situé à 10 minutes à pied seulement de la butte Montmartre et de son célèbre Sacré-Coeur.  Dans une rue très au calme, proche de tous commerces (supermarchés, boulangeries et pâtisseries renommées), et de bars aux ambiances sympathiques, profitez des différentes attractions de la ville lumière.  Son intérieur très cosy, son parquet ancien, ses moulures et cheminées dans chaque pièce, sa vue sur les toits de la capitale donnent à ce doux foyer tout le charme de l'appartement typiquement parisien. Doté d'une cuisine fonctionnelle (four, plaques électriques, cafetière et tout le nécessaire pour se restaurer)  d'une salle de bain avec  baignoire, d'un salon accueillant avec canapé et télé, et d'une chambre confortable, installez vous avant d'aller vous balader et flâner en toute quiétude dans la ville des amoureux. 
31766	beautiful flat 42 m2, with balcony, 5 th floor, no lift.  Great views on Montmartre village and Sacre Coeur (east side), on the Terrasss Hotel (west side). Loaded with Parisian charm. 2 rooms, 2 bathrooms. 	beautiful flat 42 m2, with balcony, 5 th floor, no lift.  Great views on Montmartre village and Sacre Coeur (east side), on the Terrasss Hotel (west side). Loaded with Parisian charm. 2 rooms, 2 bathrooms. 
31767		Charming studio located in the very heart of Montmartre, close to metro 4; 12; 13. Everything you might need nearby (shops, bars, pharmacies). Easy acces to every stations & aiports. Perfect for a romantic getaway! Feel free to contact me at all time, i'll provide any help and information you might need to enjoy your stay. Lamarck-Caulaincourt metro is where the famous Amélie of the movie leads a blind man when she’s on her way to her lover. The north side of Montmartre has quite a different atmosphere than the rest of the Butte. There may not be any museums or ancient winding streets, but this is where actual Parisians eat and shop, without a postcard stand, tour bus, or portrait artist in sight! It's a 5th floor flat with no lift but it's only once a day up and once a day down: free aerobic workout hooray! Keep in mind that you have to haul your bags though...
31768	**Please note that this is my home so please take care of it as if it was your own.  I'd prefer renting it out to singles only, no couples.** There's an electric piano if you feel like playing, but please make sure you don't play too loudly during the evenings.  I'm a young film director living in Paris and this is where I like to write as the neighborhood is so lively, colorful, and in development. I find it quite inspiring. This also where all the artists live, my neighbor on my landing is a film maker and there are some techies (film technicians) living in the building too. So I suppose this could be a way of imagining how and where young artists live :) My home: Small cosy studio (24 squared meters) with separate bathroom and kitchen.  The kitchen is fully furnished with small kitchen table, oven, washing machine and fridge/freezer. The main room is furnished with armchair and small couch. The bed slides out from under a platform. It's a small double bed (140cm x 200cm).  View from	Colorful cosy studio (24 square meters) with pull out bed and separate kitchen with little dining table.  View of rooftops of Paris and view on street.  Close to gare du nord and other metro lines 2, 4, and 12 **Please note that this is my home so please take care of it as if it was your own.  I'd prefer renting it out to singles only, no couples.** There's an electric piano if you feel like playing, but please make sure you don't play too loudly during the evenings.  I'm a young film director living in Paris and this is where I like to write as the neighborhood is so lively, colorful, and in development. I find it quite inspiring. This also where all the artists live, my neighbor on my landing is a film maker and there are some techies (film technicians) living in the building too. So I suppose this could be a way of imagining how and where young artists live :) My home: Small cosy studio (24 squared meters) with separate bathroom and kitchen.  The kitchen is fully furnished with smal
31769	Flat (35m2): an entrance, a living room with american kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom (shower and wc). High ceilings, wooden beams and wooden floors give it a lot of charm and light. Very close to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur), not far from the Gare du Nord.  For more informations, just ask me. 	Flat (35m2): an entrance, a living room with american kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom (shower and wc). High ceilings, wooden beams and wooden floors give it a lot of charm and light. Very close to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur), not far from the Gare du Nord.  For more informations, just ask me.  Lively area (but very quiet street). Many shops, market, movie theaters are close, restaurants and bars too in Montmartre or along the Canal de la Villette. You can move by metro (lines 2 and 4) or RER (line B and D). Half an hour for the main turistic points of interest in Paris (Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, Louvre Museum, Notre Dame de Paris...) is a maximum.
31770	Very nice studio in Paris for 2 up 4 people. 20 mn from Montmartre and Canal St Martin by feet, close from Gare du Nord (1 stop) and Gare de l'Est, direct line to Montmartre (1 stop) and Père-Lachaise (7 stops) ... The flat is also near the indian area where you can eat spicy exotic plates for cheap. The  two subways (Métro LA CHAPELLE / Line 2 and STALINGRAD / Line 7) are both 200 m from the studio. The studio is a 20 sqm (+ a small mezzanine), completely renovated (july 2010), in a 1930's Haussman building... There is a confortable sofa bed (160cm width) in the living room, and a 140 cm mattress on the mezzanine... Ground floor, quiet, and fresh in summer. Prices: 350 €/7 nights for 2 people, 7€/night for people added + 30€ for cleaning/laundry service… That's including towels, sheets, heater, hairdryer, kitchen equipment, wifi access, multi channel tv.. No deposit required... ////// Public transportation ////// :::::::::: Subway :::::::::: Métro La Chapelle / Line 2 is 200 m from th	Lovely well equipped studio in Paris 18th between Montmartre and Canal St Martin. The accommodation is 20m2 + a small loft (sleeps 4 possible). Located on the ground floor of a building (courtyard), it is silent and has been recently renovated. Very nice studio in Paris for 2 up 4 people. 20 mn from Montmartre and Canal St Martin by feet, close from Gare du Nord (1 stop) and Gare de l'Est, direct line to Montmartre (1 stop) and Père-Lachaise (7 stops) ... The flat is also near the indian area where you can eat spicy exotic plates for cheap. The  two subways (Métro LA CHAPELLE / Line 2 and STALINGRAD / Line 7) are both 200 m from the studio. The studio is a 20 sqm (+ a small mezzanine), completely renovated (july 2010), in a 1930's Haussman building... There is a confortable sofa bed (160cm width) in the living room, and a 140 cm mattress on the mezzanine... Ground floor, quiet, and fresh in summer. Prices: 350 €/7 nights for 2 people, 7€/night for people added + 30€ for cleaning/laundr
31771	À disposition des votre arrivée : Parking public à moins de 5 mètres  Drap /oreillers/couette /torchons /serviettes  Micro ondes  Cafetière/ filtre /café /thé Condiments : sel poivre huile vinaigre  Planche à repasser /fer à repasser  Machine à laver  Ayant mon propre appartement l'étage juste en dessous de vous  je me ferai un plaisir de vous apporter tous les conseils et l'aide dont vous pourriez avoir besoin afin que votre séjour se passe au mieux.	Dans le 18 e en face du métro barbes Rochechouart (attention quartier populaire ) a 5 minutes de Montmartre 15 minutes d'étoile 10 minutes de Châtelet  5 minutes de Gare du Nord  Studio 20 m2 / 6 étages ascenseur avec une vue sur les toits de Paris . Très calme et ensoleille À disposition des votre arrivée : Parking public à moins de 5 mètres  Drap /oreillers/couette /torchons /serviettes  Micro ondes  Cafetière/ filtre /café /thé Condiments : sel poivre huile vinaigre  Planche à repasser /fer à repasser  Machine à laver  Ayant mon propre appartement l'étage juste en dessous de vous  je me ferai un plaisir de vous apporter tous les conseils et l'aide dont vous pourriez avoir besoin afin que votre séjour se passe au mieux. À disposition des votre arrivée : Parking public à moins de 5 mètres  Drap /oreillers/couette /torchons /serviettes  Micro ondes  Cafetière/ filtre /café /thé Condiments : sel poivre huile vinaigre  Planche à repasser /fer à repasser  Machine à laver Ayant mon propre 
31772	L'appartement est  chaleureux et agréable à vivre ; il est situé au 4° étage avec ascenseur, dans une résidence récente. Il peut accueillir  4 personnes : il comporte une chambre avec un lit double, et un canapé lit 2 places dans le séjour. Toutes les fenêtres donnent sur le jardin intérieur de la résidence, et sur sa fontaine. Un bureau dans la chambre vous permet de travailler au calme, si besoin est. L'appartement est parfaitement équipé. Il est doté d'une télévision avec un bouquet de chaines important et télévision à la demande, et de wi-fi. La cuisine est équipée avec four, plaque de cuisson, four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur-congélateur, et machine à laver la vaisselle.  La salle de bains comporte une douche, un lavabo et les WC.  A disposition aussi : une machine à laver le linge, une planche à repasser, et un fer à repasser. Sur demande, une femme de ménage peut venir vous aider une fois par semaine. 	Au coeur d'un quartier populaire, cosmopolite et vivant, un 2 pièces  très confortable et paisible ; 1 chambre , 1 séjour avec canapé lit, 1 cuisine et 1 salle de bains.  Toutes les fenêtres sur  jardin et fontaine. 3 lignes de métro : L2, L4, L12. L'appartement est  chaleureux et agréable à vivre ; il est situé au 4° étage avec ascenseur, dans une résidence récente. Il peut accueillir  4 personnes : il comporte une chambre avec un lit double, et un canapé lit 2 places dans le séjour. Toutes les fenêtres donnent sur le jardin intérieur de la résidence, et sur sa fontaine. Un bureau dans la chambre vous permet de travailler au calme, si besoin est. L'appartement est parfaitement équipé. Il est doté d'une télévision avec un bouquet de chaines important et télévision à la demande, et de wi-fi. La cuisine est équipée avec four, plaque de cuisson, four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur-congélateur, et machine à laver la vaisselle.  La salle de bains comporte une douche, un lavabo et les WC.  A d
31773	I'm renting a 21m² flat (separate kitchen and separate WC) entirely renovated in August 2012 and fully equipped (wood parquet floor, TV with USB ports, Wi-Fi connection, fully equipped kitchen - cooking hobs, oven, fridge - washer-dryer, sofa-bed for 2 people, bathroom with shower, café-style table, etc.). The flat comes with linen, pillows, pillowcases, quilt, quilt cover, dish towels, frying pans, coffee cups, glasses, mugs, electric kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, towels, bath mat, etc.) Our studio flat was designed to give a contemporary and warm feeling at the same time, thanks to the typically Parisian wooden floor and the uncluttered arrangement thought to free some space. We went for an industrial style bathroom and put steel grey sandstone tiles. The shower is a kind of walk-in installation, very sober, clean and functional and it can accommodate two people. The kitchen is small but practical. You can cook your meals without any problem. The kitchenware (saucepans, frying pa	I'm renting a 21m² flat (separate kitchen and separate WC) entirely renovated in August 2012 and fully equipped (wood parquet floor, TV with USB ports, Wi-Fi connection, fully equipped kitchen - cooking hobs, oven, fridge - washer-dryer, sofa-bed for 2 people, bathroom with shower, café-style table, etc.). The flat comes with linen, pillows, pillowcases, quilt, quilt cover, dish towels, frying pans, coffee cups, glasses, mugs, electric kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, towels, bath mat, etc.) Our studio flat was designed to give a contemporary and warm feeling at the same time, thanks to the typically Parisian wooden floor and the uncluttered arrangement thought to free some space. We went for an industrial style bathroom and put steel grey sandstone tiles. The shower is a kind of walk-in installation, very sober, clean and functional and it can accommodate two people. The kitchen is small but practical. You can cook your meals without any problem. The kitchenware (saucepans, frying pa
31774	This is a nice apartment with a view over the rooftops of Paris. The living room becomes a bedroom through the sofa easy to use. Guests have access to the fully equipped kitchen and bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. SPECIAL UPDATE Some work is in progress outside of the building and scaffoldings disturb the nice view on the rooftops from the saloon. Fortunately no plastic opaque tarpaulin, just the metallic structures aligned along the wall. The work is during the daytime but of course neither in the evenings and nights nor in the week ends. In all honesty and transparency I inform you and apologize for this inconvenience, as a consequence I propose a 10% Discount for your whole length of stay (you will pay 10% less than the actual price shown on the website) One more time I apologize but this shoudn't be a problem for the people spending their daytime visiting our beautiful city :)	At the foot of the Sacré Coeur, this charming calm and bright apartment is easily accessible with 3 lines of métro which will fastly bring you everywhere in Paris. When leaving home you will enjoy life in the wonderful neighborhood of Montmartre ! This is a nice apartment with a view over the rooftops of Paris. The living room becomes a bedroom through the sofa easy to use. Guests have access to the fully equipped kitchen and bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. SPECIAL UPDATE Some work is in progress outside of the building and scaffoldings disturb the nice view on the rooftops from the saloon. Fortunately no plastic opaque tarpaulin, just the metallic structures aligned along the wall. The work is during the daytime but of course neither in the evenings and nights nor in the week ends. In all honesty and transparency I inform you and apologize for this inconvenience, as a consequence I propose a 10% Discount for your whole length of stay (you will pay 10% less than the actual price
31775	Studio pour une ou deux personnes (couple de préférence) dans immeuble calme (avec gardienne) aux pieds de la butte Montmartre (métro Château rouge, ligne 4). Salon/chambre (canapé-lit) salle de bain+wc, cuisine (dans laquelle on peut manger).  A bientôt peut-être ! Charlotte 	Studio pour une ou deux personnes (couple de préférence) dans immeuble calme (avec gardienne) aux pieds de la butte Montmartre (métro Château rouge, ligne 4). Salon/chambre (canapé-lit) salle de bain+wc, cuisine (dans laquelle on peut manger).  A bientôt peut-être ! Charlotte  Ligne 4: Château Rouge (3 minutes à pieds) ou ligne 2: Barbès (5 minutes à pieds).  Pas de machine à laver mais laverie automatique aux pieds de l'immeuble. 
31776	Vous êtes au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris : Montmartre (Métro Pigalle ou Métro Abbesses, vous avez le choix) . idéal pour visiter Paris! ;) Vous êtes également à proximité de l'opéra et du Moulin Rouge, de la Place Clichy et du cimetière Montmartre. (Sacha Guitry, François Truffaut , Michel Berger , Henri-Georges Clouzot ,Dalida, Francis Lopez, Jean-Claude Brialy, Joseph Kosma, Annie Fratellini..) Situé à proximité de la rue des Abbesses Vous trouverez tous les restaurants, boulangeries, bars et cafés à quelques mètres de l'appartement.  En outre, les rues commerçantes à deux pas :  la rue des Abbesses et la rue Lepic vous séduiront avec leur boutiques de luxe  et de créateurs pour acheter toutes sortes de choses dans la capitale de la mode. La basilique du Sacré-Cœur, le cabaret du Lapin Agile, théâtres, cabarets de Montmartre et les célèbres lieux où vivaient les artistes de renom sont à quelques pas. Les Galeries Lafayette sont à 10 min à pied, les grands parcs	Calme et situé à deux pas des Abbesses, du Sacré Coeur et du Moulin Rouge, dans une rue pavée authentique, bus et métro à proximité, c'est un bel appartement deux pièces de 35m2, avec salon, cuisine, chambre, parquet et grande salle de bains. Idéal pour couple. Vous êtes au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris : Montmartre (Métro Pigalle ou Métro Abbesses, vous avez le choix) . idéal pour visiter Paris! ;) Vous êtes également à proximité de l'opéra et du Moulin Rouge, de la Place Clichy et du cimetière Montmartre. (Sacha Guitry, François Truffaut , Michel Berger , Henri-Georges Clouzot ,Dalida, Francis Lopez, Jean-Claude Brialy, Joseph Kosma, Annie Fratellini..) Situé à proximité de la rue des Abbesses Vous trouverez tous les restaurants, boulangeries, bars et cafés à quelques mètres de l'appartement.  En outre, les rues commerçantes à deux pas :  la rue des Abbesses et la rue Lepic vous séduiront avec leur boutiques de luxe  et de créateurs pour acheter toutes sortes de 
31777	The quiet of a country retreat in the heart of Paris   Apartment Located in Townhouse with Digital Code Access. This beautifully decorated 50 sq. m. loft offers a spacious living room opening onto a fully equipped kitchen. Upstairs you will find a charming bedroom with mezzanine. This duplex occupies the second and top floor of a townhouse overlooking a flowery patio changing with the seasons. It can accommodate up to 4 people with a double bed upstairs and a sofa bed in the living room with adjoining bathroom. All the amenities: induction cooking plate, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine and hairdryer. You can also enjoy cable TV and free Internet access. The apartment offers that unique Parisian touch, with the quiet and privacy of a country retreat. It is located close to Montmartre and near Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. We give preference to medium and long stays (4/5 days minimum).	The quiet of a country retreat in the heart of Paris   Apartment Located in Townhouse with Digital Code Access. This beautifully decorated 50 sq. m. loft offers a spacious living room opening onto a fully equipped kitchen. Upstairs you will find a charming bedroom with mezzanine. This duplex occupies the second and top floor of a townhouse overlooking a flowery patio changing with the seasons. It can accommodate up to 4 people with a double bed upstairs and a sofa bed in the living room with adjoining bathroom. All the amenities: induction cooking plate, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine and hairdryer. You can also enjoy cable TV and free Internet access. The apartment offers that unique Parisian touch, with the quiet and privacy of a country retreat. It is located close to Montmartre and near Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. We give preference to medium and long stays (4/5 days minimum). Travel Tips You also get a small city map (see map) featuring the best addresses for nei
31778	L'appartement se situe au 7eme étage sans ascenseur (il faut être vaillant) mais une fois arrivé en haut, vous serez dans un vrai havre de paix. L'appartement est très lumineux et peut être ventilé généreusement grâce à ses nombreuses fenêtres. Il dispose d'une cuisine toute équipée, d'un salon avec un canapé lit et d'une chambre avec un lit double. La capacité d'accueil est de trois personnes. L'appartement est très calme car il est du côté cour, loin du bruit de la rue. 	Appartement Parisien très charmant situé en plein coeur du XVIII arrondissement de Paris. Il est l'endroit idéale pour un couple en quête de repos et de découverte. 10min à pied du Sacrée-Coeur. 30sec Metro 4. L'appartement se situe au 7eme étage sans ascenseur (il faut être vaillant) mais une fois arrivé en haut, vous serez dans un vrai havre de paix. L'appartement est très lumineux et peut être ventilé généreusement grâce à ses nombreuses fenêtres. Il dispose d'une cuisine toute équipée, d'un salon avec un canapé lit et d'une chambre avec un lit double. La capacité d'accueil est de trois personnes. L'appartement est très calme car il est du côté cour, loin du bruit de la rue. En plein cœur du XVIII arrondissement, l'appartement est idéalement situé pour rejoindre rapidement le cœur de paris (en 15 minutes) et les monuments historiques. Les lignes 4 et 12 du métro se trouvent au pied de la porte de l'immeuble ce qui est un avantage. De plus une station de Velib’ se trouve à 50m de l'e
31779	Station stalingrad Ligne 2, 5 et 7	Dans appartement 45 m2 : - une  chambre 12 m2 - un canapé-lit  confortable dans séjour de 20 m2. Face au jardin d'Eole. 3e étage sans ascenseur Disposant d'une 3e pièce, je suis présente durant votre séjour Station stalingrad Ligne 2, 5 et 7 Possibilité de cuisiner Draps et serviettes fournis Sèche-cheveux disponible Métro stalingrad : ligne 2, ligne 5 et ligne 7 Franprix en bas de l'immeuble ouvert de 9 h à 21 h tous les jours (y compris le dimanche)
31780		Spacieux studio de charme de 38m2 tout équipé, avec terrasse de 10m2 dans un immeuble flambant neuf au cœur du quartier tendance de Marx Dormoy (Halle Pajol, marché des olives, 104...).
31781	We are located at the sixth floor (with a lift) of a 19th century, typically Parisian, building, with an unrestricted view on the Sacré Coeur. The neighbourhood of Montmartre is just across the street.  You will be sitting right on a hub of inner-city public transports that will take you in just 15 minutes to either the Quartier Latin or the Champs Elysées, among other key historical sites, and that offers easy commuting to Paris’ airports and train stations. You will also be close to Paris’ most exciting night venues (in Abbesses, les Grands Boulevards or la Villette) regardless of the scene you are keen on.  Our flat has one, cocoon-like bedroom (with a double bed), a stylish bathroom (with a comfortable Italian shower), an open kitchen  (fully-equipped) and a living-room (complete with flat-screen TV, wireless sound system and a healthy mix of old and modern furnitures).  It is equally suitable to romantic stays, family or all-out trips between friends. It can host up to four people	You want to experience Paris as a real Parisian but don’t know how to get started? You want to get a bang for your buck and live in the beating heart of the city?  Well, come and rent our flat!  We are located at the sixth floor (with a lift) of a 19th century, typically Parisian, building, with an unrestricted view on the Sacré Coeur. The neighbourhood of Montmartre is just across the street.  You will be sitting right on a hub of inner-city public transports that will take you in just 15 minutes to either the Quartier Latin or the Champs Elysées, among other key historical sites, and that offers easy commuting to Paris’ airports and train stations. You will also be close to Paris’ most exciting night venues (in Abbesses, les Grands Boulevards or la Villette) regardless of the scene you are keen on.  Our flat has one, cocoon-like bedroom (with a double bed), a stylish bathroom (with a comfortable Italian shower), an open kitchen  (fully-equipped) and a living-room (complete with flat-
31782	Le SALON : Un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes WIFI TV écran plat et lecteur DVD et Blu-ray. La CUISINE : Deux plaques chauffantes, Un réfrigérateur, Un four micro-ondes et grill, Une machine à café, une bouilloire. La CHAMBRE : Un lit double sur une mezzanine. La SALLE DE BAIN : Douche, un sèche-cheveux, un fer et une planche à repasser. Très confortable jusqu'à 4 personnes et peut accueillir 4  voyageurs ( 2 lits doubles).	"Le SALON : Un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes WIFI TV écran plat et lecteur DVD et Blu-ray. La CUISINE : Deux plaques chauffantes, Un réfrigérateur, Un four micro-ondes et grill, Une machine à café, une bouilloire. La CHAMBRE : Un lit double sur une mezzanine. La SALLE DE BAIN : Douche, un sèche-cheveux, un fer et une planche à repasser. Très confortable jusqu'à 4 personnes et peut accueillir 4  voyageurs ( 2 lits doubles). Usage exclusive de l'appartement entièrement.  Draps et serviettes fournis. Par email ou (website hidden) complet et plan disponible. J'essaye d'être présente lors du check-in pour remettre les clés de l'appartement. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier populaire et cosmopolite à l'architecture typiquement parisienne.  Au métro La Chapelle : épiceries indiennes et un des meilleurs restaurants indiens à Paris. Cliquer sur le ""guide"" pour en savoir plus sur les magasins et les lieux que je recommande. Beaucoup de magasins à proximité de l'appartement : supermarché, bo"
31783	charmante chambre individuelle dans un appartement, meublée sobrement. Convient aux couples. les chambres sont séparées par le couloir et la cuisine donc pas de bruit. Pour toutes questions n'hésitez pas.	charmante chambre individuelle dans un appartement, meublée sobrement. Convient aux couples. les chambres sont séparées par le couloir et la cuisine donc pas de bruit. Pour toutes questions n'hésitez pas. La chambre est louée meublée, avec accès internet et téléphone illimité, une chouette bibliothèque, une bonne installation sonore. de la place pour vos habits sera faite et le lit sera fait avec des draps neufs. toutes commodités, musique et films dans l'ordi. De quoi faire de la vraie cuisine, bien équipée en ustensiles. plantes aromatiques sur le balcon. Salle de bain et toilette séparés. autant que nécessaire, je reste disponible tout au long du séjour. Quartier adorable, cosmopolite, on peut y manger de tout pour vraiment pas cher, des fripes bien mieux qu'au marais, des cafés très agréables. Nous sommes à 10 minutes à pieds du haut de la butte. Très près des puces de saint ouen et de celles de porte de clignancourt, à faire. Je serais ravi de vous laisser un petit guide home made
31784	A charming appartment 323 sq ft, in the heart of Montmartre, in a unique location rue Cortot, where Picasso, Eric Satie Toulouse Lautrec lived... In front of the Museum of Montmartre and the vignards!!! A cute and bright 2 rooms, with a beautiful living room, double exposure, with mezzanine and a removing coach, a beautiful kitchen all equipied (wash mashine, oven, microwave, a big refregerator...) and a bathroom with a big bathtub. All the appartment has an incredible view on a garden with trees.  Calm building with an elevator. Very quiet!! Even if you are two steps from the Place du tertre where all the painters and musicians are making the heart of montmartre so charming and lively!! You are on the top of the city!!! You are close to different metro that brings you in 15 min in the center of the city!! But every morning you will have the most incredible view of Paris from the Sacré coeur!!!!	Welcome to the cutest jewel of Paris... Montmartre! If Paris is the city of love, Montmartre is the cause!! Our appartment is on the top of it, just behind the Sacré Coeur and La Place du Tertre with all the painters!! You will just hear the birds!! A charming appartment 323 sq ft, in the heart of Montmartre, in a unique location rue Cortot, where Picasso, Eric Satie Toulouse Lautrec lived... In front of the Museum of Montmartre and the vignards!!! A cute and bright 2 rooms, with a beautiful living room, double exposure, with mezzanine and a removing coach, a beautiful kitchen all equipied (wash mashine, oven, microwave, a big refregerator...) and a bathroom with a big bathtub. All the appartment has an incredible view on a garden with trees.  Calm building with an elevator. Very quiet!! Even if you are two steps from the Place du tertre where all the painters and musicians are making the heart of montmartre so charming and lively!! You are on the top of the city!!! You are close to di
31785	L’appartement est fait pour accueillir de 2 à 4 personnes. Il comporte une vraie chambre séparée, ainsi qu’un canapé lit dans le séjour. Il a la particularité de se trouver au rez-de-chaussée, avec une vue sur le jardin. Cela créer une réelle intimité, et une tranquillité rare au coeur de Paris. L’appartement a donc l’avantage de rester frai pendant l’été. Il a été refait à neuf, il y a moins d’un an.  Il se situe dans un vieil immeuble typiquement parisien, avec cour intérieure, parquet au sol, moulures etc.. Le quartier est très animé, avec des commerces à proximité et fermant jusqu’à tard le soir. Il y’a plusieurs petits restaurants de différentes cuisines très sympathiques, nous ferrons une joie de vous les indiquer.   L’appartement est tout confort : cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur - congélateur, plaques de cuisson, cafetière etc..), télévision, connexion Internet gratuite (wifi), machine à laver, lave vaisselle, four. Les draps et serviettes de bains sont fournis. La station de mé	Agréable appartement de 30m2 situé à deux pas de Montmartre, entre Pigalle et le quartier des Batignolles. Il se trouve également à proximité d'Opéra et de la gare Saint-Lazare. Il vous réserve du calme et une fraicheur appréciable en plein été. L’appartement est fait pour accueillir de 2 à 4 personnes. Il comporte une vraie chambre séparée, ainsi qu’un canapé lit dans le séjour. Il a la particularité de se trouver au rez-de-chaussée, avec une vue sur le jardin. Cela créer une réelle intimité, et une tranquillité rare au coeur de Paris. L’appartement a donc l’avantage de rester frai pendant l’été. Il a été refait à neuf, il y a moins d’un an.  Il se situe dans un vieil immeuble typiquement parisien, avec cour intérieure, parquet au sol, moulures etc.. Le quartier est très animé, avec des commerces à proximité et fermant jusqu’à tard le soir. Il y’a plusieurs petits restaurants de différentes cuisines très sympathiques, nous ferrons une joie de vous les indiquer.   L’appartement est tou
31786	Le studio est indépendant. Il peut accueillir deux personnes. Il vient d'être refait et est en parfait état. Il est équipé d'une petite salle de bain et d'une kitchenette où vous pourrez cuisiner comme bon vous semble. Dans un espace de 14m2, tout a été aménagé avec soin pour qu'il y ait tout ce qui est nécessaire. Il est situé au 6ème étage. L'immeuble n'a pas d'ascenseur! Les draps et les serviettes de toilette sont fournies. Il y a un accès internet 24h sur 24h. 	Situé au 6ème étage, ce studio possède une kitchenette et une salle de douche avec WC. Entièrement refait à neuf, lumineux, à Montmartre il possède tous les attraits d'un lieu de vacances agréable en plein coeur de Paris. Proche de tous transports. Le studio est indépendant. Il peut accueillir deux personnes. Il vient d'être refait et est en parfait état. Il est équipé d'une petite salle de bain et d'une kitchenette où vous pourrez cuisiner comme bon vous semble. Dans un espace de 14m2, tout a été aménagé avec soin pour qu'il y ait tout ce qui est nécessaire. Il est situé au 6ème étage. L'immeuble n'a pas d'ascenseur! Les draps et les serviettes de toilette sont fournies. Il y a un accès internet 24h sur 24h. Le quartier est celui de la Mairie du 18ème arrondissement avec beaucoup de commerces et de restaurants. Il est également très proche de Montmartre, lieu typique de Paris pour sa beauté et son caractère. Deux stations de métro sont très proches du studio, la station Jules Joffrin 
31787		Charmant appartement situé à 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Tout équipé et proche de toutes commodités.  Nice apartment 15 minutes walk from Montmartre . Fully Equipped ( Washing machine , stove , television .....)
31788		très bel appartement , proche métro et commerce , accès aisé aux lieux touristiques , 3 chambres et salon , une salle de bain et une cuisine équipée a louer de façon saisonnière vous aurez acces a un lave linge un lave vaisselle . a la vaisselle mais pas au linge pour le lit sauf aux couvertures
31789	My apartment is like being in the middle of Paris in a cosy, warm and quiet place. Second floor, three double-glazed windows, parquet flooring and simple and nice decoration, a clean place and relaxing atmosphere.  It's a comfortable place with wifi, Laundry, great kitchen to make good meals.  If you need information before and during you stay, I'll be very happy to help you. You will find in the apartment touristic information ( city map, subway plan , museums, etc...) I really love my neighborhood, it's for me the real Paris.  You can reach me by whatsapp or (website hidden) messenger. Of course you can also call me :)  The neighborhood is very pleasant. You have great bars and restaurants. My street is really quiet. You have a lot a grocery stores, and shops very unique to buy souvenirs of Paris and discover the Parisian culture. You will find anything you need, at any hour.  The apartment is at 35min in public transport of the airport Charles de Gaulle and 1h from Orly Airport. Ver	Well located / close to sacré cœur and Montmartre. Perfect for à couple to discover Paris.  My apartment is like being in the middle of Paris in a cosy, warm and quiet place. Second floor, three double-glazed windows, parquet flooring and simple and nice decoration, a clean place and relaxing atmosphere.  It's a comfortable place with wifi, Laundry, great kitchen to make good meals.  If you need information before and during you stay, I'll be very happy to help you. You will find in the apartment touristic information ( city map, subway plan , museums, etc...) I really love my neighborhood, it's for me the real Paris.  You can reach me by whatsapp or (website hidden) messenger. Of course you can also call me :)  The neighborhood is very pleasant. You have great bars and restaurants. My street is really quiet. You have a lot a grocery stores, and shops very unique to buy souvenirs of Paris and discover the Parisian culture. You will find anything you need, at any hour.  The apartment is
31790	The apartment is pretty and very comfortable. It's in a small, secure building near metro stop Jules Joffrin in the 18th arrondissement. It's on the first floor (French first, which is second floor U.S.) of a two-story building. The building itself is simple but very well-maintained, secure and charming, with a small courtyard, flowers in the windowboxes.The apartment is 26 square meters, comprising a living room with open kitchen and a bedroom. The sleeping arrangements include a double bed (140 cm) in the bedroom and one sleeper sofa (120 cm) in the living room. The apartment is perfect for a couple and can accommodate 3 adults or a group of four with children (the sleeper sofa is 120 cm wide, so fine for 2 children or for one adult, eventually 2 adults if they like to cuddle ). Internet access. All furniture and equipment are of excellent quality. Nice teak floors. Smoking is not allowed and no pets, sorry.	A small, pretty apartment, fully equipped and cozy, very near Montmartre,  town hall of 18th arrondissement. Bedroom with double bed, living room with open kitchen, sofa-bed. Lively, authentic Parisian neighborhood, typically Montmartre building. The apartment is pretty and very comfortable. It's in a small, secure building near metro stop Jules Joffrin in the 18th arrondissement. It's on the first floor (French first, which is second floor U.S.) of a two-story building. The building itself is simple but very well-maintained, secure and charming, with a small courtyard, flowers in the windowboxes.The apartment is 26 square meters, comprising a living room with open kitchen and a bedroom. The sleeping arrangements include a double bed (140 cm) in the bedroom and one sleeper sofa (120 cm) in the living room. The apartment is perfect for a couple and can accommodate 3 adults or a group of four with children (the sleeper sofa is 120 cm wide, so fine for 2 children or for one adult, eventua
31791	You'll have a sofa bed (120 x 200 cm; 45 x 79 in) in the living room. The flat is very quiet as it gives out onto an inner, green yard. Every sort of shop is to be found nearby; including exotic groceries from Africa and Asia. Bakeries, supermarkets, restaurants, coffee bars... all that you need is within a reach of less than 200 yards. The flat is really well located. A stone throw away from the Sacré-Coeur church, and therefore the highly sought after Abbesses area, or Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the well-known Saint-Ouen flea market....	A quiet and fully equipped appartement ; close to Montmartre, underneath the Sacré-Coeur church. Room for up to 2 people. Ideal for discovering Paris You'll have a sofa bed (120 x 200 cm; 45 x 79 in) in the living room. The flat is very quiet as it gives out onto an inner, green yard. Every sort of shop is to be found nearby; including exotic groceries from Africa and Asia. Bakeries, supermarkets, restaurants, coffee bars... all that you need is within a reach of less than 200 yards. The flat is really well located. A stone throw away from the Sacré-Coeur church, and therefore the highly sought after Abbesses area, or Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the well-known Saint-Ouen flea market.... Here's the flat equipment : -sofa-bed (120 x 200 cm; 45 x 79 in) -micro-wave -coffee-machine -washing-machine -fridge (including freezer compartment) -high speed wi-fi connection -kettle -oven -gas cooker -bed sheets and bathroom towels -hi-fi system -and empty wardrobe to store your belongings The fl
31792		Grand appartement sur la butte de Montmartre parfait pour couple tout équipé très lumineux localisation parfaite pour touriste a 10 sec de la place des tertres et 2 min a pied du sacre cœur 6 min du métro Pigalle ligne 2
31793		Beau deux pièces  (35 m2) lumineux (plein Sud) au pied de la butte Montmartre, et à proximité de Pigalle. Immeuble ancien, parquet, petit balconnet à la chambre.  Lit 2 places et matelas d'appoint. Peu bruyant, double vitrage. 
31794	- Cuisine tout équipée (machine à laver la vaisselle, combiné four / micro-onde, grille-pain, etc...) - Salle de bain (baignoire, lave-linge / Sèche-linge, fer à repasser) - Salon accueillant (fauteuils et grande table à manger pour 6 personnes) - Chambres indépendantes (deux grands lits 140*200) - Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven / microwave, toaster, etc ...) - Bathroom (bath, washer, dryer, iron) - Welcoming lounge (armchairs and a large dining table for 6) - Independent rooms (two double beds 140 * 200)	Il s'agit d'un trois pièces de 50m2 situé dans le quartier atypique de Montmartre à Paris. Le Sacré-Coeur est à seulement 4 minutes de l'appartement.  Avec un équipement complet et une capacité de 4 personnes nous serons ravis de vous accueillir ! - Cuisine tout équipée (machine à laver la vaisselle, combiné four / micro-onde, grille-pain, etc...) - Salle de bain (baignoire, lave-linge / Sèche-linge, fer à repasser) - Salon accueillant (fauteuils et grande table à manger pour 6 personnes) - Chambres indépendantes (deux grands lits 140*200) - Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven / microwave, toaster, etc ...) - Bathroom (bath, washer, dryer, iron) - Welcoming lounge (armchairs and a large dining table for 6) - Independent rooms (two double beds 140 * 200) Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement ! Idéal pour un couple, une famille, ou même un voyage entre amis. Guests have access to the whole apartment ! Ideal for a couple , a family, or even a trip with friends. Je vo
31795	Nice flat on a courtyard with very high ceiling for 3 to 4 people	Lovely studio located at the foot of the Montmarte's stairs, in a typical 19 century parisian building, very quiet - 1 double bed on top (mezzanine) + 1 sofa bed pefect for one adult or two kids - Fitted kitchen - Bathroom with shower and WC Nice flat on a courtyard with very high ceiling for 3 to 4 people Wifi Sheet and towels Microwave, electric hotplates, toaster... Essential stuff for breakfast (tea, coffee, orange juice, bread...) Hairdryer I always try to be here for your arrival. I'll be happy to give you some tips about the neighborhood and Paris. You'll have my phone number and personal email: never hesitate to contact me during your stay! Nearest stops from the flat : By métro :  line 12 stop Jules Joffrin line 4 stop Chateau Rouge By bus : line 80 stop Custine Mont-Cenis
31796	Séjournez près de Montmartre dans un appartement au calme, entièrement équipé et très bien situé, idéal pour les couples.	Deux pièces au calme, 35m², lumineux, confortable entièrement équipé, parfait pour un beau séjour à Paris. L'appartement est idéalement situé tout près des arrêts de métro Simplon et Jules Joffrin. A 10 minutes de marche de Montmartre. Séjournez près de Montmartre dans un appartement au calme, entièrement équipé et très bien situé, idéal pour les couples. Nous sommes un jeune couple qui louons notre appartement de 35m² avec une chambre lorsque nous quittons Paris le week-end. L'appartement est mis à disposition dans son intégralité. Situé à moins de 5 minutes des stations de métro Simplon et Jules Joffrin où l'on retrouve également de nombreuses lignes de bus, notre appartement est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris en toute simplicité. Ligne 12 - Métro Jules Joffrin ou Ligne 4 - Métro Simplon
31797		Appartement typiquement parisien.Parquet, cheminée...Ensoleillé.Très calme.Proche métro et tous commerces.15 minutes à pieds du Sacré Coeur, 15 min en métro de Châtelet.  Charme garanti.A 2, ou 3 avec un enfant : le couchage : 1 clic clac et 1 futon
31798	Cet appartement offre un grand lit double en mezzanine, une cuisine et une salle de bain spacieuse. C’est un appartement très confortable pour deux personnes, vous y trouverez entre autre une machine à laver ainsi qu’une connexion internet haut débit.	Beau studio de 26 m2 situé à 15 minutes de Montmartre et à 8 minutes de la ligne 2 et 4. Cet appartement offre un grand lit double en mezzanine, une cuisine et une salle de bain spacieuse. C’est un appartement très confortable pour deux personnes, vous y trouverez entre autre une machine à laver ainsi qu’une connexion internet haut débit. Je suis à votre disposition pour vous fournir toutes les informations nécessaires (sur le quartier, les activités artistiques, les lieux cachés et underground de Paris !) Le quartier est bien desservi par les transports. La ligne 2 (station La Chapelle) se trouve à 5 min, la ligne 4 (station Barbés), qui traverse le centre de Paris est à 8 min. Il est très facile de rejoindre l’appartement depuis l’aéroport Charles de Gaulles et Orly grâce à la Gare du Nord qui se trouve à 10min et qui dessert ces deux aéroports par le RER B, c’est aussi le gare terminus de l’Eurostar.
31799	"My apartment is located in the district of Clignancourt neighborhood, close to Montmartre stairs (10 minutes by walk).  Up the stairs, you'll find fantastic cafés, great restaurants and 7 mn away walking : The Sacré Coeur!  Just front of my flat, you'll find a charming bakery (great scent of croissant in the street in the morning!).  Just down the street is a small supermarket, so it's easy to shop.  You're 5mn away from rue du Poteau where you can find 2 big supermarkets, wineries, and an amazing cheese shop, and 10 mn away from rue Caulaincourt (Lamarck neighborhood) where there are plenty of fashionable restaurants, cafés and boutiques. It is 36 m2, with 2 rooms, one bedroom and one living room.  It's on the 5th floor only by stairs, good for the fitness!   It is bright, with a view on the street by a bay window and a view on a small yard.  It is typically parisian with its parquet, chimney and old ""tomettes"". The apartment is ideal for couples! In details:  - 1 bedroom with a full "	5th flr no lift, 36 m2 fully equipped kitchen with microwave, bathroom / WC, living room with bow window, bedroom with a double bed (140/190) . The towels and linens are provided, the apartment is equipped with wifi. Very charming! My apartment is located in the district of Clignancourt neighborhood, close to Montmartre stairs (10 minutes by walk).  Up the stairs, you'll find fantastic cafés, great restaurants and 7 mn away walking : The Sacré Coeur!  Just front of my flat, you'll find a charming bakery (great scent of croissant in the street in the morning!).  Just down the street is a small supermarket, so it's easy to shop.  You're 5mn away from rue du Poteau where you can find 2 big supermarkets, wineries, and an amazing cheese shop, and 10 mn away from rue Caulaincourt (Lamarck neighborhood) where there are plenty of fashionable restaurants, cafés and boutiques. It is 36 m2, with 2 rooms, one bedroom and one living room.  It's on the 5th floor only by stairs, good for the fitness!
