22500	This apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a beautiful building (with a beautiful lift) giving on a paved courtyard. The access to the courtyard is secured by a door code. The lobby is sumptuous with its moldings, its columns and mirrors. This gorgeous 110 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms and a spacious living / dining room with very impressive volumes. It will accommodate up to four people. The entrance hall will immediately strike you with its size and its furnishings. Very high ceiling, wooden floor, moldings, some beautiful antique pieces and a huge mirror almost reaching the ceiling to welcome you, what a great preamble to begin you stay ! You will then enter the living-room, spacious, bright with soft colors. This room is also quiet, you will feel a sense of serenity here, when comfortably installed on the sofa or in the lovely old style armchairs, surrounded by just enough fine antique pieces of furniture and paintings. The dining room with an open fitted kitchen area 	High standing 110 sqm 2-bedroom 2-bathroom apartment to rent for four people in the 16th district of Paris, beautiful features, high ceilings, impressive volumes, well located close to metro and RER stations. This apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a beautiful building (with a beautiful lift) giving on a paved courtyard. The access to the courtyard is secured by a door code. The lobby is sumptuous with its moldings, its columns and mirrors. This gorgeous 110 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms and a spacious living / dining room with very impressive volumes. It will accommodate up to four people. The entrance hall will immediately strike you with its size and its furnishings. Very high ceiling, wooden floor, moldings, some beautiful antique pieces and a huge mirror almost reaching the ceiling to welcome you, what a great preamble to begin you stay ! You will then enter the living-room, spacious, bright with soft colors. This room is also quiet, you will feel a sense of sereni
22501	Mon logement vous plonge tout de suite dans Paris avec cette vue sur l emblème de Paris mais aussi juste a la fenêtre vous profiter de le vue dégager des rue de Paris avec vue sur tous les café terrasse petit restau 	Appartement clair dernier étage sans vis à vis avec une vue sur les rues de paris dans la quartier priser de passy vue direct sur la Tour Eiffel a 200 mètre de la place du Trocadéro. The appartement. Accepte easily 6 people is very spacius Mon logement vous plonge tout de suite dans Paris avec cette vue sur l emblème de Paris mais aussi juste a la fenêtre vous profiter de le vue dégager des rue de Paris avec vue sur tous les café terrasse petit restau Le quartier de Passy est un quartier vivant toute ha journée c est le quartier bohème du 16 eme vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin juste enbas de l immeuble Je suis au métro Passy ou aussi Trocadéro a la place Costa Rica ou il y a aussi plusieurs bus qui passe
22502	Welcome to our charming apartment, it is a very typical parisien little flat with its own small private garden (rare). Very quiet, you'll find an entrance, one bedroom for 2 with a king size bed, wardrobe with much place for your things ; the living room with sofa and TV; an open kitchen with fridg, dish washing  machine and micro-ondes (and all for cooking home) ; at least the bathroom and separate WC.	"Ideal for a couple, charming and quiet apartment near the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero Etoile, private garden: living room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and separate WC.  Shops, restaurants and museums. Buses and metro at 5 minutes. Welcome to our charming apartment, it is a very typical parisien little flat with its own small private garden (rare). Very quiet, you'll find an entrance, one bedroom for 2 with a king size bed, wardrobe with much place for your things ; the living room with sofa and TV; an open kitchen with fridg, dish washing  machine and micro-ondes (and all for cooking home) ; at least the bathroom and separate WC. Security codes and doors. I'll give you keys and badge. I will welcome you on your arrival, and we'll be there at you departure. You'll enjoy all facilities to find underground and buses very near. Plenty of  shops, restaurants and accomodations around the place. See you soon The area is very ""Parisian"" with its shops, markets and museums near the Trocadero, opposi"
22503	Très bel appartement 1 très grande chambre et coin bureau grand séjour d'angle très lumineux belle cuisine équipée décoration soignée contemporaine situé au coeur de Passy  près de la galerie commerciale Passy Plaza Métro 6 Passy RER C Boulainvillier	Très bel appartement 1 très grande chambre et coin bureau grand séjour d'angle très lumineux belle cuisine équipée décoration soignée contemporaine situé au coeur de Passy  près de la galerie commerciale Passy Plaza Métro 6 Passy RER C Boulainvillier
22504	The flat is located on the 3rd floor (reachable through an elevator or through stairs). A couple of building guardians lives on the ground floor. The flat is equipped with one single-bed and one comfortable convertible sofa (for two people), which allows having up to 3 guests. It also comprises large cupboards so you can bring a lot of clothes and other belongings.	"New amenaged studio of 30 m2 for three people : one bed (120 cm large) and one three places sofa with a 140 cm large bed ; big shower room,  parquet floor, HD television, wifi Internet, all the necessary equipment (towels, sheets, dishes, dishwasher) The flat is located on the 3rd floor (reachable through an elevator or through stairs). A couple of building guardians lives on the ground floor. The flat is equipped with one single-bed and one comfortable convertible sofa (for two people), which allows having up to 3 guests. It also comprises large cupboards so you can bring a lot of clothes and other belongings. Trocadéro area is a very well-known and ""chic"" part of Paris. Located in the 16th District, it is very close to the Eiffel Tower (actually, the Trocadéro plaza provides a panoramic view on the Eiffel Tower). Champs-Elysées are 10-15 minutes away if you walk. A Velib station (self service bikes) is two minutes away. You can take a daily or weekly plan by subscribing directly on t"
22505	A 2 pas du Trocadéro, du Palais de Chaillot et de la Tour Eiffel, dans un bel immeuble moderne d'une rue calme,  au 5ème étage avec ascenseurs, belle pièce lumineuse de 35m2 avec un balcon,  deux lits simples (ou un double) plus un lit d'appoint,  cuisine séparée entièrement équipée avec lave-linge, salle de bain en marbre avec baignoire, toilettes séparées, Téléphone gratuit sur lignes fixes pour 97 pays, TV, Wifi Internet haut débit  Capacité: 2/3 personnes  Métro : Trocadero (lignes 6 et 9) 	A 2 pas du Trocadéro, du Palais de Chaillot et de la Tour Eiffel, dans un bel immeuble moderne d'une rue calme,  au 5ème étage avec ascenseurs, belle pièce lumineuse de 35m2 avec un balcon,  deux lits simples (ou un double) plus un lit d'appoint,  cuisine séparée entièrement équipée avec lave-linge, salle de bain en marbre avec baignoire, toilettes séparées, Téléphone gratuit sur lignes fixes pour 97 pays, TV, Wifi Internet haut débit  Capacité: 2/3 personnes  Métro : Trocadero (lignes 6 et 9) 
22506	Charming 2/3 rooms renovated in a Haussmann building on the 6th and last floor. Large windows glass door in the living room and 2 small balconies and a skylight make this bright apartment without opposite and with a clear view over the rooftops of Paris . The living room is double and one part corresponds to the master bedroom , the kitchen is American . It is equipped with a bathroom with shower and toilet and a second separate toilet. This apartment is perfect for a couple with or without children . The neighborhood simply offers the best , close to all transportation, all commerce, and the famous Bois de Boulogne , lakes to make the boat solo 10min feet.	Very nice renovated apartment ideal couple and a child , located in the upscale shopping area of the dummy between the Trocadero ( Eiffel Tower ) and the Bois de Boulogne . perfectly served by the metro line9 and RER C Boulainvillier. Charming 2/3 rooms renovated in a Haussmann building on the 6th and last floor. Large windows glass door in the living room and 2 small balconies and a skylight make this bright apartment without opposite and with a clear view over the rooftops of Paris . The living room is double and one part corresponds to the master bedroom , the kitchen is American . It is equipped with a bathroom with shower and toilet and a second separate toilet. This apartment is perfect for a couple with or without children . The neighborhood simply offers the best , close to all transportation, all commerce, and the famous Bois de Boulogne , lakes to make the boat solo 10min feet. The entire appartement The La Muette / Passy offers everything you may need . Shops, supermarkets ,
22507	This splendid and modern flat has a: - Large living room with 2 large couches, a dining space (for 9 people) and a piano  - Spacious, modern and fully equipped kitchen with a dining space - Master bedroom (King size bed) with a dressing room, a beautiful bathroom and separate toilets - 1 bedroom with a King size bed, 2 desks and one private showerroom attached to it - 1 bedroom with 2 single beds (including one on top of a mezzanine) and a bathroom  - 1 small living room (possible room) with a sofa bed (Queen size) The street is nicely animated with lots of restaurants and shops. There's a supermaket right across the street!	Beautiful and spacious flat, totally renovated with ultra modern equipment only 2 blocks away from the Place de l'Etoile, Champs Elysées and the luxuous Avenue Foch. Can accommodate up to 8 people in 4 bedrooms (including a spacious parental suite) This splendid and modern flat has a: - Large living room with 2 large couches, a dining space (for 9 people) and a piano  - Spacious, modern and fully equipped kitchen with a dining space - Master bedroom (King size bed) with a dressing room, a beautiful bathroom and separate toilets - 1 bedroom with a King size bed, 2 desks and one private showerroom attached to it - 1 bedroom with 2 single beds (including one on top of a mezzanine) and a bathroom  - 1 small living room (possible room) with a sofa bed (Queen size) The street is nicely animated with lots of restaurants and shops. There's a supermaket right across the street! Guests will have access to Free Wireless Internet and to a washing machine! The flat is perfectly located, only steps 
22508	Charming 50sqm flat in an 19th century building, in the high end area of the 16th area 5 minutes distance from arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees, Trocadero and artistic museums such as Palais de Tokyo and musee de la mode. Cosy and comfy for 4 adults It is a cosy flat decorated with art deco and modern furniture. Its location is perfect for exploring Paris, enjoying art museums, indulging oneself with the best restaurants and boulangeries of the city, shopping in both mainstream and high end fashion shops, all the while feeling conformable, as you are in one of the safest area, a few minutes only from the major landmarks. Transport is perfect: metro stations, buses and taxis at your hand. The entire flat and its equipments at are your disposal. Bed sheets and towels are provided at 10€/pac for the entire stay. Special treats can be organised on demand (ie. fresh champagne bottle or wine at your arrival...). I would be happy to help you plan your stay. Surrounded by trees everywhere, Haus	Charming 50sqm flat in an 19th century building, in the high end area of the 16th. 5 minutes distance from arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees, Trocadero and artistic museums such as Palais de Tokyo and musee de la mode. Cosy and comfy for 4 adults. Charming 50sqm flat in an 19th century building, in the high end area of the 16th area 5 minutes distance from arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees, Trocadero and artistic museums such as Palais de Tokyo and musee de la mode. Cosy and comfy for 4 adults It is a cosy flat decorated with art deco and modern furniture. Its location is perfect for exploring Paris, enjoying art museums, indulging oneself with the best restaurants and boulangeries of the city, shopping in both mainstream and high end fashion shops, all the while feeling conformable, as you are in one of the safest area, a few minutes only from the major landmarks. Transport is perfect: metro stations, buses and taxis at your hand. The entire flat and its equipments at are your disposal. B
22509	Nice apartment in  the center of 16 eme : located on avenue Kleber, this street links Trocadero and l'Etoile. et 10 minuets Walking  to the Eiffel Tower, and the most beautiful avenue on earth : Avenue des Champs Elyzées.for shopping and party .	Nice apartment in the middle of tourist attractions : located on avenue Kleber,nearto the  Trocadero and l'Etoile. at 10 minutes Walking to the Eiffel Tower, and the most beautiful avenue on earth : Avenue des Champs Elyzées. Nice apartment in  the center of 16 eme : located on avenue Kleber, this street links Trocadero and l'Etoile. et 10 minuets Walking  to the Eiffel Tower, and the most beautiful avenue on earth : Avenue des Champs Elyzées.for shopping and party . you've got everything you need : Kitchen fully equiped, confortable e and warm lounge with sofa and armchairs.the room have a real bed . i'm stay available for any needs and recommandations .if you want to find out what Paris has to offer. Please drop me an email if you have questions ( for the appartment or retaurant ,..)or comments, I'll be glad to help you. Very close to shops, nice cafés, restaurants, bars, and clubs. Metro Boissiere (line 6) or Trocadero (line 6 and 9)
22510	"A large charming apartment type ""Haussmann"" in an elegant building from the 19th century, with a large living room and a large bedroom.   An elegant refined and modern interior decoration with a bright and quiet bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard.   A bedroom, full of light, where you can relax after a busy day in the City of Light.  The bathroom, in different shades of yellow / light brown, is equipped with a shower and a large wash basin.   The toilet is separated so that the use of the bathroom doesn't make the toilet unavailable.  The kitchen is fully equipped and if you wish you can prepare all the recipes from the famous French cuisine and prepare your breakfast/brunch exactly according to your own wishes. What I like most about this apartment? The apartment, which is really welcoming and clean, is a haven where you can feel at home while living a French experience in Paris.   The light and the height of the ceiling gives you a feeling of freedom.  Completely renovated in Marc"	"In the heart of the elegant Paris 16th district, close to: Trocadero, Arch de Triumph, Champs Elysees, the exclusive fashion triangle ""George V - Avenue Montaigne – Champs Elysees"". An elegant and refined interior with lots of space and commodities. A large charming apartment type ""Haussmann"" in an elegant building from the 19th century, with a large living room and a large bedroom.   An elegant refined and modern interior decoration with a bright and quiet bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard.   A bedroom, full of light, where you can relax after a busy day in the City of Light.  The bathroom, in different shades of yellow / light brown, is equipped with a shower and a large wash basin.   The toilet is separated so that the use of the bathroom doesn't make the toilet unavailable.  The kitchen is fully equipped and if you wish you can prepare all the recipes from the famous French cuisine and prepare your breakfast/brunch exactly according to your own wishes. What I like most about th"
22511	The space is great for a visit to Paris and the view is absolutely incredible	Studio in the chic Paris 16th district, with a terrace and an amazing view on Paris and the Eiffel Tower. Fully equiped, wifi, telephone, shower, toilet, every thing for cooking. 3 metros close, Boissière, Trocadéro, Victor Hugo. The space is great for a visit to Paris and the view is absolutely incredible apartment + terrace as needed and depending on availability The neighborhood is wonderful.  A 5 minute walk to Trocadero with stunning views of the Eiffel Tower.  On Wednesday and Saturday there is a beautiful market on Avenue du President Wilson right in front of the Modern Museum, Palais de Tokyo and the Fashion Museum.  It is so easy to bike and there are 3 velib stations close.  The shopping at Passy is a 5 minute bike and the Arc de Triumphe is just down the street with the Champs-Elysees there.  There are 3 close metros Boissiere, Victor Hugo and Trocadero.  And many buses / velib stations for getting around easily. The easiest option from CDG or Orly is to take the Air France 
22512	I rent my studio located in the very chic 16th arrondissement. It is located in the 7th floor of a nice condo. It is very bright and has a balcony where you could have breakfast in the morning (or wine in the evening).  36m2. 1 convertible bed for 2 1 Sofa long enough for someone to use it as a bed. It is fully equipped with a bathtub, TV  plasma and Internet. The kitchen is very big so you could make diner and bring some friends around.	I rent my studio located in the very chic 16th arrondissement. It is located in the 7th floor of a nice condo. It is very bright and has a balcony where you could have breakfast in the morning (or wine in the evening).  36m2. 1 convertible bed for 2 1 Sofa long enough for someone to use it as a bed. It is fully equipped with a bathtub, TV  plasma and Internet. The kitchen is very big so you could make diner and bring some friends around. The neighborhood is very family friendly. It is quiet but with a lot a shops and a wonderful and lively pedestrian street (rue de l'Annonciation).
22513	Bonjour, Je mets à votre disposition un petit studio de 25 mètres carrés avec balcon. Idéalement situé dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à 50 métres de l'avenue Victor Hugo et à 5 min des Champs-Élysées, c'est l'adresse idéale pour un couple souhaitant profiter des beaux quartiers parisiens.  Bonjour, Je mets à votre disposition un petit studio de 25 mètres carrés avec balcon. Idéalement situé dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à 50 métres de l'avenue Victor Hugo et à 5 min des Champs-Élysées, c'est l'adresse idéale pour un couple souhaitant profiter des beaux quartiers parisiens.  Vous serez maîtres des lieux mais je serai à Paris, donc à votre disposition pour toute aide eventuelle Le quartier le plus chic de Paris Métros, bus, taxi Vous serez maîtres des lieux mais je serai à Paris, donc à votre disposition pour toute aide eventuelle Le quartier le plus chic de Paris Métros, bus, taxi	Bonjour, Je mets à votre disposition un petit studio de 25 mètres carrés avec balcon. Idéalement situé dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à 50 métres de l'avenue Victor Hugo et à 5 min des Champs-Élysées, c'est l'adresse idéale pour un couple souhaitant profiter des beaux quartiers parisiens.  Bonjour, Je mets à votre disposition un petit studio de 25 mètres carrés avec balcon. Idéalement situé dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à 50 métres de l'avenue Victor Hugo et à 5 min des Champs-Élysées, c'est l'adresse idéale pour un couple souhaitant profiter des beaux quartiers parisiens.  Bonjour, Je mets à votre disposition un petit studio de 25 mètres carrés avec balcon. Idéalement situé dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à 50 métres de l'avenue Victor Hugo et à 5 min des Champs-Élysées, c'est l'adresse idéale pour un couple souhaitant profiter des beaux quartiers parisiens.  Vous serez maîtres des lieux mais je serai à Paris, donc à votre disposition pour toute aide eventuelle
22514	Le calme de la campagne ... à Paris ! Très lumineux (fenêtres ouvrant sur les 4 orientations N-S-E-O)! Sécurité enfants: chaque fenêtre équipée barriere + vitre sur-élevée de protection	"57 m² , 3 pièces, 16e arrondissement , 6e étage, idéal 4 personnes.  lave linge, sèche linge, lave-vaisselle, TV, lecteur DVD, wifi. Cuisine totalement équipée. Draps, couvertures, oreillers, linge de toilette. ascenseur, code d'entre, interphone. Le calme de la campagne ... à Paris ! Très lumineux (fenêtres ouvrant sur les 4 orientations N-S-E-O)! Sécurité enfants: chaque fenêtre équipée barriere + vitre sur-élevée de protection Chardon lagache (ligne metro 10) Exelmans (ligne metro 9) Tram T3 station Pont du Garigliano Bus L 22, 52, 72 vers Opéra, Trocadero At your whole disposition so you have a good stay rue Chapu & Paris ! Large choice of day to day shopping : top class Monop' up to the little shop opened up-to 2AM. Restaurents : high typically french cuisine , italian , thaï, lebanese, fast ""rapid rabbit"" food .... Large choice Lignes de metro 9, 10 et tram T3. Bus L 22, 52, 72 to Opéra, Trocadero  .... Whole - from 6 AM to 2 PM -  night life services : shops & variety of well kn"
22515	Trocadéro / tour Eiffel. Charming Studio , 200 meters from subway Trocadéro (lines 6 and 9), 5 mn Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées.  1rst floor. The studio: quiet, bright and very well placed Main room : sofa (convertible) 2 persons ( 160 ), small table with 2 chairs, cupboard, Television Bathroom : shower, Toiltes,  Kitchen: Oven Microwaves Toaster  Induction cookers  Nespresso   Refrigerator  Freezer Washing machine, iron and ironing board... cupboards Internet, Wifi, Television The studio is situated behind the place of the Trocadéro and the Passy Cemetery The district is quiet, pleasant and secured. Museums, Shopping, Supermarkets, Restaurants  Transport: Subway TROCADÉRO: line 6 and 9 Taxi: limit 1 minute of the studio Trocadéro: 2 minutes  Tour Eiffel: 10 minutes  Louvre: 15 minutes   Arc de Triomphe: 10 minutes  Grand Palais: 10 minutes Saint Germain-Odéon: 15 minutes  Marais: 15 minutes Welcome!	Trocadéro / tour Eiffel. Charming Studio , 200 meters from subway Trocadéro (lines 6 and 9), 5 mn Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées.  1rst floor. The studio: quiet, bright and very well placed Main room : sofa (convertible) 2 persons ( 160 ), small table with 2 chairs, cupboard, Television Bathroom : shower, Toiltes,  Kitchen: Oven Microwaves Toaster  Induction cookers  Nespresso   Refrigerator  Freezer Washing machine, iron and ironing board... cupboards Internet, Wifi, Television The studio is situated behind the place of the Trocadéro and the Passy Cemetery The district is quiet, pleasant and secured. Museums, Shopping, Supermarkets, Restaurants  Transport: Subway TROCADÉRO: line 6 and 9 Taxi: limit 1 minute of the studio Trocadéro: 2 minutes  Tour Eiffel: 10 minutes  Louvre: 15 minutes   Arc de Triomphe: 10 minutes  Grand Palais: 10 minutes Saint Germain-Odéon: 15 minutes  Marais: 15 minutes Welcome!
22516		Près de la seine et de la célèbre Tour Eiffel, profitez de l'espace de notre appartement après la découverte de notre ville lumière;-)
22517	Ce logement est convivial et très bien situé. Le quartier est sympathique et calme!	Ce logement est convivial et très bien situé. Le quartier est sympathique et calme! Les voyageurs ont accès au métro  6 et 9 ainsi qu'aux bus 22, 30, 32 et 63. Ils sont situés au Trocadéro. Les voyageurs peuvent me contacter n'importe quand. Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant le séjour. Le quartier est calme ce qui fait son charme. Le Trocadéro est une zone assez vivante avec ses différentes brasseries et les nombreux touristes qui viennent visiter le musée de la Marine, la cité de l'Architecture. Les voyageurs ont accès au métro  6 et 9 ainsi qu'aux bus 30 et  63. Ils sont situés au Trocadéro. Il est possible de garer son véhicule à proximité (place de Mexico par exemple). 
22518	"NEW : HIGH-SPEED WIFI and FREE PHONE CALL IN 80 COUNTRIES ! The apartment is well located in one of the most prestigious Paris area: - Walking distance from the Champs-Elysées and Triumph Arch (Arc de Triomphe)  (10 minutes only!) - 2 minutes from the Subway ""Victor Hugo"", directly to ETOILE station (1 station) and connected to 400 Paris Metro stations.  - 2 minutes from VELIB (bycicle station - 1,70€ per day!) - Nearby Eiffel Tower (Tour Eiffel) - 15-20 minutes to Invalides, Orsay museum, the Louvre, or Tuileries garden by subway - Restaurants, cafés and shops at your doorstep. - You will have the possibility to enjoy the typical parisian courtyard and take your breakfast outside! We are renting a 430 ft² / 40m² renovated flat with a wonderfull shared courtyard (only 2 appartment have an access), and all needed amenities. After going over the apartment with you, Gary or Aurelien will indicate you the location of all practical places in the area. Should anything go wrong, you will have"	"NEW : HIGH-SPEED WIFI and FREE PHONE CALL IN 80 COUNTRIES ! The apartment is well located in one of the most prestigious Paris area: - Walking distance from the Champs-Elysées and Triumph Arch (Arc de Triomphe)  (10 minutes only!) - 2 minutes from the Subway ""Victor Hugo"", directly to ETOILE station (1 station) and connected to 400 Paris Metro stations.  - 2 minutes from VELIB (bycicle station - 1,70€ per day!) - Nearby Eiffel Tower (Tour Eiffel) - 15-20 minutes to Invalides, Orsay museum, the Louvre, or Tuileries garden by subway - Restaurants, cafés and shops at your doorstep. - You will have the possibility to enjoy the typical parisian courtyard and take your breakfast outside! We are renting a 430 ft² / 40m² renovated flat with a wonderfull shared courtyard (only 2 appartment have an access), and all needed amenities. After going over the apartment with you, Gary or Aurelien will indicate you the location of all practical places in the area. Should anything go wrong, you will have"
22519	STEPS FROM THE EIFFEL TOWER AND PLACE DU TROCADERO This charming studio is renovated in 2011, it is ideally located in the heart of 16th district, combining the peace and security and the central aspect. Tastefully decorated, functional, offering the comfort of a hotel room. Ideal for a couple.  You're a few minutes from all the sights, EIFFEL TOWER, ARC DE TRIOMPHE, the Champs Elysées .... Subway, bus R.E.R walking distance.Ideally located.    You are on a limited budget this is the place for you, as a student that is a luxurious place to stay in, save your money for all the fun you can have this summer, or stay in, while you're at school this fall. Reserve it before school starts, you are in front of Janson de Sally (famous school). Charming and typicalyl Parisian,  flat  (fridge, toaster, oven........), bathroom with shower, toilets and a bright main room which is the living room and the bedroom .The metro is at around the corner,  The apartment is on the 1th floor  with elevator. S	STEPS FROM THE EIFFEL TOWER AND PLACE DU TROCADERO This charming studio is renovated in 2011, it is ideally located in the heart of 16th district, combining the peace and security and the central aspect. Tastefully decorated, functional, offering the comfort of a hotel room. Ideal for a couple.  You're a few minutes from all the sights, EIFFEL TOWER, ARC DE TRIOMPHE, the Champs Elysées .... Subway, bus R.E.R walking distance.Ideally located.    You are on a limited budget this is the place for you, as a student that is a luxurious place to stay in, save your money for all the fun you can have this summer, or stay in, while you're at school this fall. Reserve it before school starts, you are in front of Janson de Sally (famous school). Charming and typicalyl Parisian,  flat  (fridge, toaster, oven........), bathroom with shower, toilets and a bright main room which is the living room and the bedroom .The metro is at around the corner,  The apartment is on the 1th floor  with elevator. S
22520	The apartment is an elegant duplex on a private, gated street in a 1930s art deco building. It's furnished in a comfortable yet minimalist style with many modern classics from the 20’s and 30’s by such designers as Mies Van der Rohe, Marcel Breuer, and Eileen Gray. On the first floor are the living room with its dramatic 22-foot high ceiling, a dining area, powder room, and modern kitchen. A sweeping stairway leads to the second floor which consists of a master bedroom with a queen-size bed, a large bathroom with an oversized tub and separate shower, and a study that overlooks the living room. There's loads of closet space for clothes and suitcases. The apartment is luxuriously ideal for two. Depending on the degree of intimacy shared by various guests, however, the main apartment can sleep up to four persons: two upstairs in the master bedroom; one in the living room on a nice, firm B&B Italia sofabed; and one more in the living room on a day bed. LOCATION: The apartment is in the 16t	With dozens of 5-star reviews, this is one of the highest-rated apartments in Paris! Why? A fabulous  space, in an elegant neighborhood, close to the Metro, with an owner and bilingual housekeeper dedicated to ensuring your comfort and enjoyment. The apartment is an elegant duplex on a private, gated street in a 1930s art deco building. It's furnished in a comfortable yet minimalist style with many modern classics from the 20’s and 30’s by such designers as Mies Van der Rohe, Marcel Breuer, and Eileen Gray. On the first floor are the living room with its dramatic 22-foot high ceiling, a dining area, powder room, and modern kitchen. A sweeping stairway leads to the second floor which consists of a master bedroom with a queen-size bed, a large bathroom with an oversized tub and separate shower, and a study that overlooks the living room. There's loads of closet space for clothes and suitcases. The apartment is luxuriously ideal for two. Depending on the degree of intimacy shared by vario
22521		2 Mins. Away from Metro Trocadéro. Close proximity to Eiffel Tower and Champs-Élysées (by walking 5min.) Safe & Luxurious Area.  24 Hr. Security Camera Avail. in the Apartment Complex.  1 King Size Bed and a Long Sofa.  Facilitate upto 4.  Free Wifi.
22522	"Ideally located in ""La chaussée de la muette"", close to the Ranelagh gardens, the Bois de Boulogne, the Marmottan museum, and less than ten minutes' walk from the Eiffel tower, this appartment will suit to a family of four. The appartment is renovated, well maintained and the neighborhood is safe and pleasant. Two metro lines (9 and 6), three buses (lines 22,32 and 52) stop here, and a taxi station (working 24 hours) is located accross the street. You will enjoy to do your shopping in the famous ""rue de Passy"", which also includes a farmers' market (open eveyday but monday), and many fashion and convenient stores : here, everything is in walking distance ! A bakery, grocery, pharmacy newspapers stand and many restaurants with terrace are located  just below this appartment ! Comfortable, decorated with taste and fully equiped, this appartment is ideal for a family trip in Paris. NB : a cat usually lives here "	"Ideally located in ""La chaussée de la muette"", close to the Ranelagh gardens, the Bois de Boulogne, the Marmottan museum, and less than ten minutes' walk from the Eiffel tower, this appartment will suit to a family of four. The appartment is renovated, well maintained and the neighborhood is safe and pleasant. Two metro lines (9 and 6), three buses (lines 22,32 and 52) stop here, and a taxi station (working 24 hours) is located accross the street. You will enjoy to do your shopping in the famous ""rue de Passy"", which also includes a farmers' market (open eveyday but monday), and many fashion and convenient stores : here, everything is in walking distance ! A bakery, grocery, pharmacy newspapers stand and many restaurants with terrace are located  just below this appartment ! Comfortable, decorated with taste and fully equiped, this appartment is ideal for a family trip in Paris. NB : a cat usually lives here  Basic sanitary products are provided, clean sheets and towels too. For the re"
22523	Pleine vue sur la Tour Eiffel	New flat, 25 square meters, facing the Eiffel Tower, located at the 7th floor. Very good lighting (three windows in room, kitchen and bathroom). Located in a beautiful parisian building.
22524	Grand et charmant studio (55m), plein sud, se situe  au dernier étage avec ascenseur vue sur la Seine. Il y a 4 couchages 1 lit 2 places et un canapé-lit 2 couchages. Le studio bénéficie d'une vue panoramique sur (website hidden) d'un balcon pour profiter du soleil et de la vue.Cuisine équipée entièrement,coin bureau,salle de bain avec baignoire. Machine à laver en option à voir à l'accueil.	Dans le 16 ème arrondissement de Paris, dernier étage vue panoramique avec balcon sur 3 cotés. Vue sur la Seine , sur la Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. Appartement lumineux , soleil du lever au coucher. Confortable et tableaux de maître.  Grand et charmant studio (55m), plein sud, se situe  au dernier étage avec ascenseur vue sur la Seine. Il y a 4 couchages 1 lit 2 places et un canapé-lit 2 couchages. Le studio bénéficie d'une vue panoramique sur (website hidden) d'un balcon pour profiter du soleil et de la vue.Cuisine équipée entièrement,coin bureau,salle de bain avec baignoire. Machine à laver en option à voir à l'accueil. Le Bus stand se trouve devant l'immeuble et le métro a proximité ainsi que des stations de taxi. L'appartement est indépendant. A proximité la Tour Eiffel, le Musée du Quai Branly, la Maison de la Radio, la Seine...et Paris Bus depuis l' Aéroport jusqu'aux Invalides. RER et Taxis. Parking privatif.
22525	Nice Flat of 34m² located in a nice typical Parisian building of the 16th district. The flat has one big and comfortable convertible sofa into a bed for 2 persons. This sofa is very very comfortable ( we tried it :) ) . The flat is Located on the 1st floor of the building which has a lift. You have space available to put your stuff during your stay in the flat. In the living room there a big tv which allow you to watch some movies in a comfortable way. There is a washing machine that also dry clothes. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need: coffee machine,micro wave, cooker ... There is a counter that is used to take your breakfast. The flat has a wifi connection. There is toilet and bathroom also in the flat. Linen is provided for your stay. Here you have a service like in an hotel but you are at home. For further information, we are at your disposal.	Lovely place for 2 persons Nice Flat of 34m² located in a nice typical Parisian building of the 16th district. The flat has one big and comfortable convertible sofa into a bed for 2 persons. This sofa is very very comfortable ( we tried it :) ) . The flat is Located on the 1st floor of the building which has a lift. You have space available to put your stuff during your stay in the flat. In the living room there a big tv which allow you to watch some movies in a comfortable way. There is a washing machine that also dry clothes. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need: coffee machine,micro wave, cooker ... There is a counter that is used to take your breakfast. The flat has a wifi connection. There is toilet and bathroom also in the flat. Linen is provided for your stay. Here you have a service like in an hotel but you are at home. For further information, we are at your disposal. The flat is all yours during your stay. I will be there for the check-in and also for the ch
22526	We offer you as an accommodation to rent this family flat. It is a 80 square meters apartment composed of a living-room and dining-room, one bed-room  contains a large double bed (1,60 x 2 meters) and the other bed-room is suitable only for a young child. The kitchen is fully furnished with an oven, a cooktop, a fridge, a freezer and a dish washer. The washing machine is installed into the bathroom where you could also find obviously a bath and a basin. Toilet is separated. To complete this accomodation, we offer you a car parking into the building which is fully safe and more suitable for a medium-size car.	We offer you as an accommodation to rent this familly flat. Well located near Trocadéro (10 minutes by walk), Arc de Triomphe (20 minutes by walk). The area is also full of nice restaurants, many stores for shopping. We offer you as an accommodation to rent this family flat. It is a 80 square meters apartment composed of a living-room and dining-room, one bed-room  contains a large double bed (1,60 x 2 meters) and the other bed-room is suitable only for a young child. The kitchen is fully furnished with an oven, a cooktop, a fridge, a freezer and a dish washer. The washing machine is installed into the bathroom where you could also find obviously a bath and a basin. Toilet is separated. To complete this accomodation, we offer you a car parking into the building which is fully safe and more suitable for a medium-size car. We offer you an internet wifi access. We have a fixed line phone with which you can also call for free overseas but only on fixed (website hidden) has an access to hun
22527	My flat is perfect for two or three people. It's perfectly located and really near from a lot of monuments. There is a home cinema (in 3D) in the living room with a really good sound system. You can enjoy more than 400 movies. 	55m2 apartment. 5 minutes walk from the Trocadero and 10 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. A fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher) is available + a home cinema with more than 300 films (some in 3D) My flat is perfect for two or three people. It's perfectly located and really near from a lot of monuments. There is a home cinema (in 3D) in the living room with a really good sound system. You can enjoy more than 400 movies.  No interdiction in this flat! :) I'm born and raise in Paris and i'm leaving in the same building. If you need anything, you can come and visit me! I will answer to all your questions and suggest you a lot of funny (or not funny) things to do in Paris. A lot of shops are at walking distance. (supermarket, boulangerie, restaurants, etc..) 3 lines of subway are near from the flat. L2,L6 and L9 are at less than 5 minutes. A lot of Buses are really close too.
22528	Very rare place ! Luminous ! In the center of rue de Passy, quiet place. You cross the street and you have all shop you want ( restaurants, cinéma ... )  42m2 flat with king size bed and little terrace In the kitchen. You will love it :)  3 m ceiling height / very Luminous / garden view  1st floor It dépends,  to hand over the keys at least :) The shop and energy of this place  By subway, taxi, bus. Very easy access  1st floor It dépends,  to hand over the keys at least :) The shop and energy of this place  By subway, taxi, bus. Very easy access  1st floor It dépends,  to hand over the keys at least :) The shop and energy of this place  By subway, taxi, bus. Very easy access  1st floor It dépends,  to hand over the keys at least :) The shop and energy of this place  By subway, taxi, bus. Very easy access	Very rare place ! Luminous ! In the center of rue de Passy, quiet place. You cross the street and you have all shop you want ( restaurants, cinéma ... )  42m2 flat with king size bed and little terrace In the kitchen. You will love it :) 
22529	"This apt is just below listing for ""Eiffel Tower View Roof Top Luxury"".  The 2 apts together are ideal for large groups. https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5630167 You will find a modern kitchen with comfy bar stool seating. Perfect for breakfast, seats 7 in kitchen There is a full size refrigerator, microwave, induction cooktop and a full kitchen battery, everything you need to make dinner for a large group.  I have all the appliances big and small that one might need. The modern living area has a flat screen television and leather couches.  There is a lovely dining alcove (seats 8) with glass doors that open to the balcony.  There are four bedrooms with plenty of closet space. There is room for up to 10 guests to sleep in proper beds.  The master bedroom has an ""en suite"" bathroom.  The second bathroom is a full bathroom complete with a large ""trough"" sink, bathtub and toilet.  There is a half bath in the large entry way. This property has individual AC & heat in each room to customize com"	"Traveling with a large group and you like to watch the Eiffel Tower sparkle? This is the property for you. This home away from home can sleep up to 10 in proper beds.  Ride the private elevator up to this beautiful apartment with custom furnishings. This apt is just below listing for ""Eiffel Tower View Roof Top Luxury"".  The 2 apts together are ideal for large groups. https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5630167 You will find a modern kitchen with comfy bar stool seating. Perfect for breakfast, seats 7 in kitchen There is a full size refrigerator, microwave, induction cooktop and a full kitchen battery, everything you need to make dinner for a large group.  I have all the appliances big and small that one might need. The modern living area has a flat screen television and leather couches.  There is a lovely dining alcove (seats 8) with glass doors that open to the balcony.  There are four bedrooms with plenty of closet space. There is room for up to 10 guests to sleep in proper beds.  The mast"
22530	6TH FLOOR 75sqm 1,5 bedroom 2 bath 1 toilet master bedroom two sleep bathtube  Plus a small  bedroom (kids) one sleep shower living with flatscreen blue ray internet cable  dining and kitchen all equiped very nice neighborhood  5 MINS WALK TO CHAMPS ELYSEES	6TH FLOOR 75sqm 1,5 bedroom 2 bath 1 toilet master bedroom two sleep bathtube  Plus a small  bedroom (kids) one sleep shower living with flatscreen blue ray internet cable  dining and kitchen all equiped very nice neighborhood  5 MINS WALK TO CHAMPS ELYSEES available if help needed
22531		This charming 85 square meters , 2 Bedroom, apartment is located on avenue Foch in the 16th arrondissement, and it sleeps 4 people.  The 19th century building is equipped with : security 24/7, and 5* Concierge
22532	"One bedroom flat, nicely decorated. Typical parisian flat with hight ceiling and marble chimney. Well situated in the heart of the 16th area. You will enjoy the chic boutique and restaurants (among others: ""La garre"") as well as nice parks (the closest: les jardins du Ranelagh). Not far from La tour Eiffel and Les champs Elysées, you have a lot to visit at a walking distance: wine museum, museum of the house of Balzac, Tokyo palace, etc ...  4 sleeping (double bed in the bedroom and a convertible for 2 people). All charge included, bed linen and towels provided as well as cooking tools. Fully equiped kitchen, washing machine, TV, free Wi-fi."	"This chic and confortable one bedroom flat is very well situated. At a walking distance of the chic boutiques and restaurants, you will also enjoy the Seine and  nice parks around. Well connected to museums. Free Wifi, TV, all linen provided. One bedroom flat, nicely decorated. Typical parisian flat with hight ceiling and marble chimney. Well situated in the heart of the 16th area. You will enjoy the chic boutique and restaurants (among others: ""La garre"") as well as nice parks (the closest: les jardins du Ranelagh). Not far from La tour Eiffel and Les champs Elysées, you have a lot to visit at a walking distance: wine museum, museum of the house of Balzac, Tokyo palace, etc ...  4 sleeping (double bed in the bedroom and a convertible for 2 people). All charge included, bed linen and towels provided as well as cooking tools. Fully equiped kitchen, washing machine, TV, free Wi-fi. Digicode to access the building. Please ask Lucinda if you need any help. Also my husband will be in Paris "
22533		You will enjoy a typical parisian apartment fully refreshed
22534	Description du studio: Décoration soignée, calme, très lumineux, exposé sud coté cour, vue donnant sur une villa, agréable et fonctionnel. Le sol est en parquet. Le studio possède une table US sur pièce principale avec fenêtre et porte-fenêtre donnant sur une terrasse fleurie. Le studio est composé d'un canapé-lit BZ 140X190,d'une table basse, d'un bibus avec TV cablée, lecteur DVD, téléphone,wifi. Le studio possède une penderie, un lave-linge, un aspirateur, un micro-ondes, un grille-pain- une bouilloire, une cafetière... Le studio est chauffé par un radiateur électrique. Studio Capacité: 2 personnes Surface: 20m2 Étage:1 Lits: 1 Salles de bain/ WC: 1 Terrasse: 4m2 Wi-Fi: Oui  	    LOVELY TROCADERO l'appartement est situé en plein coeur du quartier 16 /Trocadéro de París. Très bien situé, rien ne vous échappera. LOVELY TROCADERO: Idéal pour se détendre loin de l'animation du centre. Description du studio: Décoration soignée, calme, très lumineux, exposé sud coté cour, vue donnant sur une villa, agréable et fonctionnel. Le sol est en parquet. Le studio possède une table US sur pièce principale avec fenêtre et porte-fenêtre donnant sur une terrasse fleurie. Le studio est composé d'un canapé-lit BZ 140X190,d'une table basse, d'un bibus avec TV cablée, lecteur DVD, téléphone,wifi. Le studio possède une penderie, un lave-linge, un aspirateur, un micro-ondes, un grille-pain- une bouilloire, une cafetière... Le studio est chauffé par un radiateur électrique. Studio Capacité: 2 personnes Surface: 20m2 Étage:1 Lits: 1 Salles de bain/ WC: 1 Terrasse: 4m2 Wi-Fi: Oui   LOVELY TROCADERO est situé, à Paris dans le 16ème arrondissement.Le studio est situé entre le Trocadero
22535		5 minutes from Victor Hugo metro station, 8th floor, elevator, wifi Only for one person. Victor Hugo metro station
22536		In the immediate vicinity of the place du Trocadero and the Arc de Triomphe, we offer a charming and very Parisian apartment. Entrance, 2 large bedrooms, a kitchen, a large living room, on a quiet street and close to all commerce.
22537	L’appartement dispose d’un salon, d’une cuisine, d’une salle de bain et de toilettes séparés. Appartement haussmannien, à 10 mn à pied de la tour Eiffel et de l’arc de triomphe. Au cœur du 16e arrondissement, il est très bien desservi par les transports en commun.Un suppliment de 20 euros pour le  deuxième voyageur.	Jolie chambre dans un appartement typiquement parisien à partager avec deux colocataires (filles d’une trentaine d’années).  La chambre, au calme, est équipée d’un lit double et d’un cabinet de toilette dans celle-ci. L’appartement dispose d’un salon, d’une cuisine, d’une salle de bain et de toilettes séparés. Appartement haussmannien, à 10 mn à pied de la tour Eiffel et de l’arc de triomphe. Au cœur du 16e arrondissement, il est très bien desservi par les transports en commun.Un suppliment de 20 euros pour le  deuxième voyageur. La station de métro la plus proche est Victor Hugo (L2) mais il est tout près aussi du métro Trocadéro (L6/9) et rue de la Pompe (L9). De multiples commerces se trouvent autour de l’appartement. Il donne sur une cour calme et fleurie. Un petit havre de paix en plein cœur de Paris !
22538	"Quiet in the heart of Paris in a luxury residence at 100metres from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine.  In my apartment, you will have a private space with bedroom and bathroom (22m2) in the design and refined decor. - Non-smoking bedroom - Free Wifi (provision of a computer) - Safe - Mini-bar - TV In summer, you are invited to have breakfast on the terrace overlooking a garden Near the residence, you have restaurants, retailers, supermarkets Trocadero place, you find bus, subway, bus to visit Paris For your trade show, you are close to the ""Porte de Versailles"" and ""Villepinte"" For sport, close to ""Roland Garros"" and the departure of the ""Marathon of Paris ""  Airport Roissy Charles De Gaulle about an hour by metro (50 min by taxi) Orly airport: about 45 minutes by subway "	"Quiet in the heart of Paris in a luxury residence at 100metres from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine.  In my apartment, you will have a private space with bedroom and bathroom (22m2) in the design and refined decor. - Non-smoking bedroom - Free Wifi (provision of a computer) - Safe - Mini-bar - TV In summer, you are invited to have breakfast on the terrace overlooking a garden Near the residence, you have restaurants, retailers, supermarkets Trocadero place, you find bus, subway, bus to visit Paris For your trade show, you are close to the ""Porte de Versailles"" and ""Villepinte"" For sport, close to ""Roland Garros"" and the departure of the ""Marathon of Paris ""  Airport Roissy Charles De Gaulle about an hour by metro (50 min by taxi) Orly airport: about 45 minutes by subway "
22539	"This luxurious apartment has open living space, deep wrap around balconies, and wide open roof top views and a spectacular view of the Eiffel Tower. Ride the spacious elevator up to the sixth floor and enter the apartment which spans the entire top floor of the building.  This unit can be used in conjunction with ""Eiffel Tower View, Family Penthouse""  see below.  Great for large groups of up to 14 people. https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5650752 Staying in a fancy hotel can be very nice and memorable.  What we want to offer is the chance to experience Paris like a local and live in a beautiful neighborhood surrounded by culture and history. This apartment has a very large main living area and has large windows the full length of the apartment to take in the views from both sides.  The beautiful kitchen is fully equipped so you can cook your own meals.  We have Nespresso, tea, and toiletries you may need during your stay."	"Ride the private elevator up to our amazing open living space which looks out to stunning views of the neighborhood rooftops and Eiffel Tower. Find luxury and comfort in this beautifully furnished rooftop apartment.  Fully functional kitchen. This luxurious apartment has open living space, deep wrap around balconies, and wide open roof top views and a spectacular view of the Eiffel Tower. Ride the spacious elevator up to the sixth floor and enter the apartment which spans the entire top floor of the building.  This unit can be used in conjunction with ""Eiffel Tower View, Family Penthouse""  see below.  Great for large groups of up to 14 people. https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5650752 Staying in a fancy hotel can be very nice and memorable.  What we want to offer is the chance to experience Paris like a local and live in a beautiful neighborhood surrounded by culture and history. This apartment has a very large main living area and has large windows the full length of the apartment to take "
22540		High Standing and Modern apartment with the view on Boulogne Forest. Big Living Room. Kitchen. 2 bedrooms, each with own private bathroom and dressing. Near Trocadero, Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysées.
22541	Cette chambre de bonne est munie de 3 pièces séparées par des rideaux la chambre, le salon et la cuisine comportant la douche. les toilettes sont partagées avec une autre personnes et sont situées sur le pallier. 	Situé dans le 16 eme arrondissement au 6 eme etage sans ascenseur ( bon pour les cuisses) à deux pas du metro 9 (ranelagh) et du RER C (boulainvillier) Cette chambre de bonne est munie de 3 pièces séparées par des rideaux la chambre, le salon et la cuisine comportant la douche. les toilettes sont partagées avec une autre personnes et sont situées sur le pallier.
22542	Studio très calme de 35m2 avec 2 lits deux places, un vrai canapé lit très confortable et un couchage d'appoint haut de gamme (et si besoin un matelas une place, supplémentaire) A savoir ce n'est pas grand pour 4 personnes on peut largement y loger à 4 mais j'insiste c'est un 35m2 . N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'informations à 10 minutes à pied du Trocadéro et des Champs Elysées. L'appartement est très lumineux, la terrasse agréable avec un barbecue et une pelouse au sol, grande télévision, machine à laver, sèche linge, frigo, congélateur, draps et Serviettes fournis.	Appartement dans le 16ème à 2 pas de la tour Eiffel (Trocadéro) et des Champs Elysées, Situé Avenue Victor Hugo dans un immeuble de haut standing, orienté Sud-Est très lumineux, appartement refait à neuf, climatisé, design, terrasse avec barbecue. Studio très calme de 35m2 avec 2 lits deux places, un vrai canapé lit très confortable et un couchage d'appoint haut de gamme (et si besoin un matelas une place, supplémentaire) A savoir ce n'est pas grand pour 4 personnes on peut largement y loger à 4 mais j'insiste c'est un 35m2 . N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'informations à 10 minutes à pied du Trocadéro et des Champs Elysées. L'appartement est très lumineux, la terrasse agréable avec un barbecue et une pelouse au sol, grande télévision, machine à laver, sèche linge, frigo, congélateur, draps et Serviettes fournis. Tout Quartier proche des lieux incontournable comme les champs Elysées ou la Tour Eiffel vue depuis le Trocadéro 10 minutes a pied des Champs Elysées et du Trocadéro 
22543	Fully renovated appartment located on rue Mesnil, just by Victor Hugo Square. Spacious living room with soaring high 11 feet ceiling, moldings and wooden floor with typical parisian charm. Dining table, corner sofa and TV stand. Bedroom with fold-out double bed, when the bed is folded the living room and bedroom can connect to allow for more hosting space. Large bathroom with bathtub. Separate kitchen. Huge walk-in closet.	Fully renovated luxury one-bedroom located in a high-standing building on Victor Hugo square. Enjoy staying in this typically parisian appartment with soaring high ceiling, moldings and wooden floors !  Fully renovated appartment located on rue Mesnil, just by Victor Hugo Square. Spacious living room with soaring high 11 feet ceiling, moldings and wooden floor with typical parisian charm. Dining table, corner sofa and TV stand. Bedroom with fold-out double bed, when the bed is folded the living room and bedroom can connect to allow for more hosting space. Large bathroom with bathtub. Separate kitchen. Huge walk-in closet. wifi Amazing neighborhood, a few meters to Rue des Belle Feuilles with amazing grocery shopping and fruit markets, right by the Marche Saint Didier, et weekly fresh market with local products. 50meters walking distance (1min) to Victor Hugo subway line 2. A few minutes to Trocadero and rue de la Pompe Subways.
22544	Un havre de paix en plein Paris!	Au cœur de Passy et beaucoup de charme/cachet, il s'agit d'un petit pavillon (ancien atelier d'artistes), très calme et avec de la verdure. 1 cave, 2 étages (le 1er avec un grand salon, une cuisine américaine toute équipée, une salle de bain et un WC/machine a laver/rangements, et un 2eme étage avec une chambre pour 2 personnes) TB état,  grande hauteur de plafond  et excellente luminosité (verrière avec volet électrique). 50m2 loi carrez et 60 m2 au total + 18m2 de cave Un havre de paix en plein Paris! Une personne locale de contact et habitant Paris vous accueillera et répondre a vos questions pendant vos séjours en case d'urgence. Au cœur de Passy, Paris 16 : résidentiel, très commerçant et au centre de Paris. Metros : Passy, La Muette ou Trocadero
22545	Beautiful Apartment located 10 minutes by foot from the Eiffel Tower ! It may accomodate 2 people maximum. Decorated in the most charming Parisian way, this apartment has 1  big bedroom, 1 kitchen, 1 living-room, 1 bathroom and 1 toilets. There is a large bed for 2 persons in the bedroom, really confortable. Sheets and towels are at your disposal. There is a balcony, with a view on the street and quais de Seine. It is located in a beautiful building, at 2nd floor, with a lift. A wonderful location for your stays in Paris. In the heart of Paris's museum land, 5 mns from the Musee du Quai Branly, near the Louvre and the Musée d’Orsay, a few minutes from the Grand and Petit Palais, the Palais de Tokyo and the Musée d’art moderne de la Ville de Paris, the apartment has an exceptional location : Bus and bike stations, metro Bir Hakeim (line 6) and RER (line C) 1 mn from the building, and a direct line to the Chateau de Versailles.  Champs Elysees direct by Metro or 20 minutes walking.  You 	Beautiful flat located from 10 mn to the Eiffel Tower! It got 1 big bedroom, 1 living-room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet. 2nd floor, balcony + lift. Can contain 1, 2, 3 ou 4 people! Lovely neighborhood. It is perfect for all your Parisian stays!  Beautiful Apartment located 10 minutes by foot from the Eiffel Tower ! It may accomodate 2 people maximum. Decorated in the most charming Parisian way, this apartment has 1  big bedroom, 1 kitchen, 1 living-room, 1 bathroom and 1 toilets. There is a large bed for 2 persons in the bedroom, really confortable. Sheets and towels are at your disposal. There is a balcony, with a view on the street and quais de Seine. It is located in a beautiful building, at 2nd floor, with a lift. A wonderful location for your stays in Paris. In the heart of Paris's museum land, 5 mns from the Musee du Quai Branly, near the Louvre and the Musée d’Orsay, a few minutes from the Grand and Petit Palais, the Palais de Tokyo and the Musée d’art moderne de la Ville de
22546		Bel appartement en pierre de taille situé au 2ème étage avec grand balcon sur rue, une chambre à coucher et un salon avec canapé convertible. Salle de bain, cuisine équipée, rue Copernic, ascenseur, commerces à proximité, à 10 min à des Champs.
22547	Bonjour,l'appart un de 3 pièces 57m carré entièrement meublé tel ADSL teléphone,internet sans fil,lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, grande salle de bain avec baignoire toilette  séparée  3 grande pièces tres éclairées avec une tres belle vue de la chambre l'appart se situe dans une rue tres chic dans un bel immeuble avec jardin dans la cour   	Bonjour,l'appart un de 3 pièces 57m carré entièrement meublé tel ADSL teléphone,internet sans fil,lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, grande salle de bain avec baignoire toilette  séparée  3 grande pièces tres éclairées avec une tres belle vue de la chambre l'appart se situe dans une rue tres chic dans un bel immeuble avec jardin dans la cour   a toutes les pièces de l'appart mail telephone le calme, le chic, et les nombreux commerces, restos, bar, ciné a proximité c'est a deux pas des champs élysee et du celebre avenue foch métro porte maillot,argentine, ou Charles de Gaulle étoile sur la ligne 1 
22548	The apartment will be will be partially cleared for you to put your personal belongings ( clothes&beauty products ). Located in one of the most beautiful and prestigious parisian street and borough : avenue Mozart, with all the pretty and very good quality local shops : bakery, wine shop, butcher, fishmonger , supermarket, restaurant , catering Greek , Italian...everything you'll need, restaurants and terraces and cafes in a prestigious and beautiful neighborhood. A 3rd floor, quiet and double- glazing in both living room and bedroom. The building is quiet, very clean and safe. Very well distributed : 5 minutes from Ranelagh & Jasmin metros (ligns 9 and 1 ) and buses 52 and 22. The building is very cute, clean and very well maintained as the apartment. There is a digital code on the front door and intercom on the second door. The door is armored . The apartment is very bright. The toilets are separated from the shower room which is small but very functional. The maid comes to clean onc	Very nice, chic&cozy apartment for 2, typical of the parisian life.Located in the prestigious Av Mozart in Paris in one of its greatest borough,the 16th. Beautiful neighborhood,very well connected and close to all the shopping and luxury boutiques. The apartment will be will be partially cleared for you to put your personal belongings ( clothes&beauty products ). Located in one of the most beautiful and prestigious parisian street and borough : avenue Mozart, with all the pretty and very good quality local shops : bakery, wine shop, butcher, fishmonger , supermarket, restaurant , catering Greek , Italian...everything you'll need, restaurants and terraces and cafes in a prestigious and beautiful neighborhood. A 3rd floor, quiet and double- glazing in both living room and bedroom. The building is quiet, very clean and safe. Very well distributed : 5 minutes from Ranelagh & Jasmin metros (ligns 9 and 1 ) and buses 52 and 22. The building is very cute, clean and very well maintained as the
22549	Bedroom on courtyard with standard bed 140 x 200 cms, partially open on private shower room  with shower and toilets. Towels , hair dryer, Tv, free internet. The buildind dates from 1880, on a quiet street, near avenue Kleber. It's secure with digicode entrance and concierge.	In the best part of Paris 16th area, private room with private shower room and toilets. Eiffel tower, Champs Elysées , and Place du Trocadero with  walking distance ( 5 minutes). Excellent location to discover Paris easily. Bedroom on courtyard with standard bed 140 x 200 cms, partially open on private shower room  with shower and toilets. Towels , hair dryer, Tv, free internet. The buildind dates from 1880, on a quiet street, near avenue Kleber. It's secure with digicode entrance and concierge. Access: your bedroom and your shower room; For the kitchen :tea, coffee and orange juice, jam,  are at your disposal for breakfast, but no cooking , no picnic in the bedroom, or in the apartment. I live in the apartment, and I will be happy to discuss with you and help you to organize your stay ( when I don't work:) Beautiful area with a lot of hausmannian buildings. Eiffel Tower, Trocadero and Arc de Triomphe with walking distance. Musée Galliéra ( fashion), Art moderne, musée Baccarat, Musée 
22550	The apartment is bright (day light), has a lot of charm, independant toilets, the bathroom has daylight as well. The Auteuil area is very unique: very safe, plenty of bars, restaurants, and shops. Close to the Roland Garros area. Good public transport network. Easiness to reach Paris center of interest (Eiffel tower, Louvre, Champs Elysées...)	Charming apartment, slightly sloping roof on the 6th floor (with elevator) of a building.  Furnished with taste, bright, sunny, near the Place d'Auteuil metro lines 9 and 10, bars and shops. Independant bedroom, independant toilets The apartment is bright (day light), has a lot of charm, independant toilets, the bathroom has daylight as well. The Auteuil area is very unique: very safe, plenty of bars, restaurants, and shops. Close to the Roland Garros area. Good public transport network. Easiness to reach Paris center of interest (Eiffel tower, Louvre, Champs Elysées...) Internet, TV, dish washer, washing machine Lively, safe To arrive and leave the apartment between 8am and 7pm, only during WorkDays. A man or a women would give you the keys personally and show how to use the apartment facilities
22551	A spacious and a cozy apartment with a “bourgeois” atmosphere, fits up to 4 peoples (2 double bedrooms). Located on a quiet street, it’s about 15 minutes walk distance from Eiffel Tower, and other sites as the castle La Muette, Trocadero Square, Parks … It’s conveniently located on the ground floor of the building, and includes a beautiful living room, 2 bedrooms, 1 kitchen and dining space and 2 bathrooms.    Supermaket, amenities and one of Paris finest shopping area are less than 15 minutes walk distance.  STRONG POINT: -Luminous and elegant -Located near site for sightseeing: Eiffel Tower, Trocadero Square, Parc d’Acclimatation, La Muette, Palais de Tokyo, … -A beautiful and private garden in the building	"In a luxury residence, a cozy, luminous and elegant apartment in the 16th district for your stay in Paris. A spacious and a cozy apartment with a “bourgeois” atmosphere, fits up to 4 peoples (2 double bedrooms). Located on a quiet street, it’s about 15 minutes walk distance from Eiffel Tower, and other sites as the castle La Muette, Trocadero Square, Parks … It’s conveniently located on the ground floor of the building, and includes a beautiful living room, 2 bedrooms, 1 kitchen and dining space and 2 bathrooms.    Supermaket, amenities and one of Paris finest shopping area are less than 15 minutes walk distance.  STRONG POINT: -Luminous and elegant -Located near site for sightseeing: Eiffel Tower, Trocadero Square, Parc d’Acclimatation, La Muette, Palais de Tokyo, … -A beautiful and private garden in the building Less than 30 minutes walk from the parks, the castle ""La Muette"" , the Trocadero Square, Roland Garros , you have around you all the necessary amenities for your comfort (res"
22552	About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. At Living Parisian we want to offer the best of Paris. This apartment represents the best of what we can offer.	This Stunning  apartment  is fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris. This apartment has  2 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms to accomodate upto 6 guests. About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. At Living Parisian we want to offer the best of Paris. This apartment represents the best of what we can offer. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 2 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With it bathroom, it offers a perfect combination for a family.  The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly enjoy the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique (website hidden), Air conditioning, washer, Dryer, heater etc are all available and Free WIFI is included. The Boulevard Suchet is in the 16th arrondissement of Paris The nearest Subway station is : Ranelagh (on line 9) or La Muette (on line 9). *Check-In time: 3pm / Check-Out time: 10am  *
22553	Ce logement de 19m2 vient d'être refait à neuf. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous avec sa cuisine  ouverte, sa belle sable de bain, un bel écran plat et une belle pièce principale. Il peut accueillir 2 adultes.	Ce studio de 19m2 vient d'être refait à neuf et il est complètement équipé. Profitez d'une cuisine ouverte, d'une belle salle de bain et d'une télévision écran plat. Il est situé à coté du Trocadéro et à proximité de nombreux commerces et métros. Ce logement de 19m2 vient d'être refait à neuf. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous avec sa cuisine  ouverte, sa belle sable de bain, un bel écran plat et une belle pièce principale. Il peut accueillir 2 adultes. Je ne serai pas toujours présent pour vous remettre les clefs en mains propres mais si vous avez le moindre problème ou si vous voulez des conseils pour des restaurants ou autres, n'hésitez pas. Ce quartier est unique car il est situé à 5 min à pied du Trocadéro et à 10-15 min à pied de l'Etoile et des Champs-Elysées. Il est également situé dans une très belle avenue, avec des magasins de luxe, de nombreux restaurants et un centre commercial. Il y a également une laverie automatique non loin de l'appartement. Vous pouvez accéder au l
22554	Beau studio idéalement placé à côté du Trocadéro. Parfait pour vos voyages d'affaires ou en amoureux, il est entièrement équipé avec cuisine et salle de bains séparée. Profitez des nombreux magasins et musées aux alentours, mais également des principales lignes de métro.	Beau studio idéalement placé à côté du Trocadéro. Parfait pour vos voyages d'affaires ou en amoureux, il est entièrement équipé avec cuisine et salle de bains séparée. Profitez des nombreux magasins et musées aux alentours, mais également des principales lignes de métro.
22555		Appartement décoré par architecte avec salon, chambre pour 2, entrée , sdb, cuisine,... A 5 min à pieds de : - Trocadéro - Tour Eiffel - Palais de Tokyo - Musée Guimet - Musée Marmottan - Rue de Passy (commerces,...)
22556	This 74 square meters apartment (approximately 797 square feet) is located rue Greuze, in 16th district of Paris. The very safe and luxurious building is closed to the Trocadero place and the Eiffel Tower. This flat is a one bedroom and includes a luminous and tipical french style living room, one bedroom with beautiful stained glass window, one fully equipped and separated kitchen and one bathroom with a bath and two sinks. With its private staircase, this apartment will offer you a very special and charming stay in Paris. Two people can be welcomed (and two children more to sleep in the confortable sofa bed in the living room) The closest metro station is Trocadéro, line 6.   	Very nice and typical french style one bedroom apartement closed to the Eiffel Tower, in the 16th district of Paris. This 74 square meters apartment (approximately 797 square feet) is located rue Greuze, in 16th district of Paris. The very safe and luxurious building is closed to the Trocadero place and the Eiffel Tower. This flat is a one bedroom and includes a luminous and tipical french style living room, one bedroom with beautiful stained glass window, one fully equipped and separated kitchen and one bathroom with a bath and two sinks. With its private staircase, this apartment will offer you a very special and charming stay in Paris. Two people can be welcomed (and two children more to sleep in the confortable sofa bed in the living room) The closest metro station is Trocadéro, line 6.   - Commodities - International TV Channels - Internet - Wifi - Washing machine - Clothe dryer - towels / linens 7d/7 From 9am to 7pm  The 16th district of Paris is the safest and the most luxurious
22557	Studio lumineux situé à Paris au Trocadero ( Tour Eiffel ) Situé au 6ème étage coté cour, ce logement est clair et très calme. Il est fonctionnel avec un lit double, un canapé, une cuisine, une machine  à laver et une petite salle de bain avec douche.	Studio lumineux et calme dans immeuble haussmannien situé à Trocadéro ( Tour Eiffel ). Proche de tous les commerces et a 1min d'une galerie marchande. Metro lignes 6,2 et 9. A 1 station des Champs Elysées. Studio lumineux situé à Paris au Trocadero ( Tour Eiffel ) Situé au 6ème étage coté cour, ce logement est clair et très calme. Il est fonctionnel avec un lit double, un canapé, une cuisine, une machine  à laver et une petite salle de bain avec douche. Je vous accueillerai avec plaisir lors de votre arrivée pour vous aider avec vos bagages et vous montrerai les alentours et le quartier. Je suis facilement joignable pour répondre à vos questions lors de votre séjour.
22558	The entrance to the building with its mosaic tiles, red carpet lined stairs, wooden carved elevator perfectly sets the tone for this chic apartment. Located in the beautiful 16th arrondissement, this typically Parisian apartment is a charming mix of quaintness and classic elegance. Its contemporary comforts make it perfect for a couple. It is also quite rare to find such a spacious apartment for two people.  Located on the 6th floor, the space is very bright and offers a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower from the elegant lounge. Its a magical postcard view, especially when Paris’s Old Lady is illuminated at night.  A beautiful entrance serves all the rooms: the living and dining room to the right, the kitchen to the left.  Every comfort is there: large flat screen in the living room and bedroom, nice dining area with a large art deco style table, and a fully equipped kitchen.  The bedroom has an air of an old mansion, with its flowered wallpaper and pristine quilts, the bookshelves, a	Large apartment for two in a chic and lively neighborhood, with superb views of the Eiffel Tower. Classic and comfortable. The entrance to the building with its mosaic tiles, red carpet lined stairs, wooden carved elevator perfectly sets the tone for this chic apartment. Located in the beautiful 16th arrondissement, this typically Parisian apartment is a charming mix of quaintness and classic elegance. Its contemporary comforts make it perfect for a couple. It is also quite rare to find such a spacious apartment for two people.  Located on the 6th floor, the space is very bright and offers a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower from the elegant lounge. Its a magical postcard view, especially when Paris’s Old Lady is illuminated at night.  A beautiful entrance serves all the rooms: the living and dining room to the right, the kitchen to the left.  Every comfort is there: large flat screen in the living room and bedroom, nice dining area with a large art deco style table, and a fully equip
22559	Possibilité de vivre et de dormir les fenêtres ouvertes l'été puisqu'il se situe dans une petite impasse privée très calme. La chambre (pour deux personnes), la cuisine et le bureau donnent sur une petite cour et un jardin. Pour l’hiver il y a la cheminée et des buches à disposition. Parking privé. A 5 minutes du Bois de Boulogne et du lac pour les amateurs de footing.  Tout l'appartement est accessible. Le bureau et sa connexion internet en wifi et le parking extérieur sur demande. Penderie, Tv, chaine hifi, large choix de films et de musiques...  Je suis passionné par cette ville et passe ma vie en ballades pour découvrir de nouveaux coins, de nouvelles ambiances, de nouveaux cafés bars ou restaurants. Et je me ferai un plaisir de vous indiquer mes coups de cœurs lors de votre accueil et de la remise des clefs.   Après une chaude journée d'été dans le tumulte de Paris, le retour au calme et dans une certaine verdure c'est reposant. Et il y a le Bois de Boulogne et ses lacs à deux pas	Possibilité de vivre et de dormir les fenêtres ouvertes l'été puisqu'il se situe dans une petite impasse privée très calme. La chambre (pour deux personnes), la cuisine et le bureau donnent sur une petite cour et un jardin. Pour l’hiver il y a la cheminée et des buches à disposition. Parking privé. A 5 minutes du Bois de Boulogne et du lac pour les amateurs de footing.  Tout l'appartement est accessible. Le bureau et sa connexion internet en wifi et le parking extérieur sur demande. Penderie, Tv, chaine hifi, large choix de films et de musiques...  Je suis passionné par cette ville et passe ma vie en ballades pour découvrir de nouveaux coins, de nouvelles ambiances, de nouveaux cafés bars ou restaurants. Et je me ferai un plaisir de vous indiquer mes coups de cœurs lors de votre accueil et de la remise des clefs.   Après une chaude journée d'été dans le tumulte de Paris, le retour au calme et dans une certaine verdure c'est reposant. Et il y a le Bois de Boulogne et ses lacs à deux pas
22560	Large (90 sq. m.) three rooms apartment,one bedroom,one dining room,one living room, in the 16th Arrondissement, a beautiful and quiet residential section of Paris.  The apartment is on the 3th floor with a balcony, with elevator and  the following equipement:  1 bedroom with a double bed  1 Large bathroom with a bath  1 Living room with flat screen TV and unlimited WIFI equiped with a very confortable sofa bed (phone number hidden) dining room with a sofa bed (phone number hidden) fully equipped kitchen with washer/dryer Within 5 minutes of the shopping district of avenue Victor Hugo and rue de la Pompe Paris has a one of the best public transport system in the world. The nearest metro stations are Rue de la Pompe line 9, Trocadero line 9 and 6,  and Porte Dauphine line 2, and with bus 52, 63 you can reach every section of Paris within half an hour. Eiffel Tower is reached by walk within 15mn from this apartement you are very close to Bois De Boulogne, 10 mn by walk 	Large (90 sq. m.) three rooms apartment,one bedroom,one dining room,one living room, in the 16th Arrondissement, a beautiful and quiet residential section of Paris.  The apartment is on the 3th floor with a balcony, with elevator and  the following equipement:  1 bedroom with a double bed  1 Large bathroom with a bath  1 Living room with flat screen TV and unlimited WIFI equiped with a very confortable sofa bed (phone number hidden) dining room with a sofa bed (phone number hidden) fully equipped kitchen with washer/dryer Within 5 minutes of the shopping district of avenue Victor Hugo and rue de la Pompe Paris has a one of the best public transport system in the world. The nearest metro stations are Rue de la Pompe line 9, Trocadero line 9 and 6,  and Porte Dauphine line 2, and with bus 52, 63 you can reach every section of Paris within half an hour. Eiffel Tower is reached by walk within 15mn from this apartement you are very close to Bois De Boulogne, 10 mn by walk 
22561		Studio moderne, tout équipé et calme.  3 mn à pied du métro Victor Hugo (Ligne 2) et Boissière (Ligne 6) et à 5mn des champs-Elysées. Commerces à proximité dans un rayon de 50 m.
22562	This upstanding, large (100m2) and bright apartment  is ideally located 2min away by feet to the Trocadero and 10 min to the Eiffel Tower. Shopping streets with famous local markets are also 5 min away. 1st floor, access by 2 lifts and stairways. Very convenient also for older people 6 people max + a child up to 5 years can sleep comfortably. 2 toilets and 2 showers provide convenience in case of high occupation.	Large bright modern & luxury apartment, fully renovated & very comfortable with parking around within an upstanding building of the uptown in Paris. 5 min away from the Trocadero & the Eiffel Tower, 1 min from shopping. you ll love its atmosphere This upstanding, large (100m2) and bright apartment  is ideally located 2min away by feet to the Trocadero and 10 min to the Eiffel Tower. Shopping streets with famous local markets are also 5 min away. 1st floor, access by 2 lifts and stairways. Very convenient also for older people 6 people max + a child up to 5 years can sleep comfortably. 2 toilets and 2 showers provide convenience in case of high occupation. Our guests have access to the apartment and its equipment in full, including WiFi, bed linen, towels and amenities. A genuine baby cot is also in place. Parkings are available all around the place. Cars are safe in that location (except from the Police who takes them away if bad parked !!!!) A buggy and a bed for children are at your 
22563	Completely renovated in 2011, the flat is spacious, very bright and quiet. What makes the flat neighborhood so exceptionnal is that you are in the same time very near from a lots of shops and from two of of the biggest parks in Paris It's five minutes walk from the subway station La Muette and 8 minutes from the subway station Passy and Trocadéro It's 2 minutes walk from a well known shopping area (rue de Passy) where you can find local shops and clothes shops. The closest supermarket is also 2 minutes walk and there is a daily market in a street very near from the flat You can go for a walk or a run very easily in the parks nearby : The Ranelagh Garden (where you will also find the Marmottan Museum) and The Bois de Boulogne For food lovers, you have a lot of very good restaurants in the area : Bon (french food), Schwartz Deli (delicious hamburger), Le Bois levant (one of my favourite libanese restaurant), Carrette (unforgettable pastries and club sandwich)... And if you want to see th	Completely renovated in 2011, the flat is spacious, very bright and quiet. What makes the flat neighborhood so exceptionnal is that you are in the same time very near from a lots of shops and from two of of the biggest parks in Paris It's five minutes walk from the subway station La Muette and 8 minutes from the subway station Passy and Trocadéro It's 2 minutes walk from a well known shopping area (rue de Passy) where you can find local shops and clothes shops. The closest supermarket is also 2 minutes walk and there is a daily market in a street very near from the flat You can go for a walk or a run very easily in the parks nearby : The Ranelagh Garden (where you will also find the Marmottan Museum) and The Bois de Boulogne For food lovers, you have a lot of very good restaurants in the area : Bon (french food), Schwartz Deli (delicious hamburger), Le Bois levant (one of my favourite libanese restaurant), Carrette (unforgettable pastries and club sandwich)... And if you want to see th
22564		Fully renovated flat of  SQM located in the 16th district of Paris on the groundfloor facing a private courtyard. Idealy located between avenue des Champs Elysées and place du Trocadero in the very chic 16 eme arrondissement.
22565	Charming studio with a great view. Here are some perks: •A great & spacious view! •Clean and comfortable  •Cleaner comes before you arrive •Short walk to Trocadero, Seine River & the Eiffel Tower •Full kitchen with appliances (oven, kettle, microwave, hobs, etc.) •Washer for your clothes •Iron and ironing board •Large and comfortable bed •Nice bathroom with shower and bath. •Closet and space to hang & store your clothes •A pair of dumbbells if you want to exercise •Desks to use your computer or do some work •Free high-speed WIFI •TV with 150 channels including BBC, Sky, and CNN •Get anywhere in Paris, close to metro, bus, & RER (commuter rail) •City bikes are right outside the building •Upscale neighborhood - very central and safe. The view is very unique for Paris - and can be seen from the main area of the studio, as the entire wall is lined with windows! This gives the apartment a lot of daylight and a great sense of freedom. The view is also visible from the bed, which means you ca	Very bright studio in the most exclusive area of Paris - Passy in the 16th. It is fully furnished. Conveniently located near public transportation.  Near the Eiffel Tower, shops, museums, the Trocadéro, and to top it off, a great view! Charming studio with a great view. Here are some perks: •A great & spacious view! •Clean and comfortable  •Cleaner comes before you arrive •Short walk to Trocadero, Seine River & the Eiffel Tower •Full kitchen with appliances (oven, kettle, microwave, hobs, etc.) •Washer for your clothes •Iron and ironing board •Large and comfortable bed •Nice bathroom with shower and bath. •Closet and space to hang & store your clothes •A pair of dumbbells if you want to exercise •Desks to use your computer or do some work •Free high-speed WIFI •TV with 150 channels including BBC, Sky, and CNN •Get anywhere in Paris, close to metro, bus, & RER (commuter rail) •City bikes are right outside the building •Upscale neighborhood - very central and safe. The view is very uniqu
22566	Квартира полностью меблирована: двуспальная кровать,  платяной и книжный шкафы, диван-кровать угловой, обеденный стол, стулья. Также в Вашем распоряжении спальные принадлежности, полотенца, фен, все, что необходимо из кухонных принадлежностей, в т.ч. электроплита, микроволновая печь, холодильник, чайник, кофеварка, посуда. Wi-Fi.	Есть всё необходимое:двуспальная кровать, платяной и книжный шкафы, диван-кровать угловой, обеденный стол, стулья. Также в Вашем распоряжении спальные принадлежности,полотенца,фен,электроплита, микров. печь,чайник,кофеварка,холодильник,посуда. Wi-Fi. Квартира полностью меблирована: двуспальная кровать,  платяной и книжный шкафы, диван-кровать угловой, обеденный стол, стулья. Также в Вашем распоряжении спальные принадлежности, полотенца, фен, все, что необходимо из кухонных принадлежностей, в т.ч. электроплита, микроволновая печь, холодильник, чайник, кофеварка, посуда. Wi-Fi. Квартира в 40 м2 расположена в 5-этажном здании, на 5 этаже. Резиденция с красивым внутренним двориком, лифтом и паркингом. 1 большая светлая комната с окнами в пол, отдельная небольшая кухня, ванная комната: ванна и WC. Я всегда буду на связи и с удовольствием помогу вам сориентироваться в городе. Квартира расположена рядом с площадью Трокадеро в 3-х минутах от Эйфелевой башни. 6 и 9 линии метро, ст. Trocadéro
22567		Located in the 16th district of Paris, take some rest and enjoy a parisian week-end (in couple or with maximum 2 children). Eiffel tower close 15min by walk. Shops and supermarkets and all around.
22568		Close to Trocadero (10min by foot) and Champs Elysées (20 min) , this flat is located in the very secure, yet lively, part of 16th arrondissement of Paris. -La Muette - Passy Little private garden (shared with other owners) and quietness for sure. 
22569	The room is ideal for individuals or couples looking for a nice and quiet accommodation close to the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysées. This cozy room offers a relaxing and quiet atmosphere in a familial flat.  My guests can use all the facilities of the apartment : the kitchen, the living-room and the yard (They could enjoy a breakfast in the yard for instance). They will have their exclusive bathroom (toilets, shower and sink). They can also wash their clothes (washing machine, dryer, iron)  I will welcome you upon arrival and show you around the building and the apartment. I will be delighted to chat with you and give you advice to discover Paris if you wish. Languages spoken : english, german, spanish a little bit of japanese and French of course ^^.  The apartment is located in the west of Paris with a good access to public transport. Within 200 meters : La muette metro station (Line 9) and Boulanvilliers station (RER C), bus 52 and bus 22 to Opéra. 10 minutes by foot to go to t	The room is ideal for individuals or couples looking for a nice and quiet accommodation close to the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysées. This cozy room offers a relaxing and quiet atmosphere in a familial flat. The room is ideal for individuals or couples looking for a nice and quiet accommodation close to the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysées. This cozy room offers a relaxing and quiet atmosphere in a familial flat.  My guests can use all the facilities of the apartment : the kitchen, the living-room and the yard (They could enjoy a breakfast in the yard for instance). They will have their exclusive bathroom (toilets, shower and sink). They can also wash their clothes (washing machine, dryer, iron)  I will welcome you upon arrival and show you around the building and the apartment. I will be delighted to chat with you and give you advice to discover Paris if you wish. Languages spoken : english, german, spanish a little bit of japanese and French of course ^^.  The apartment is loc
22570	The flat is spacious, new renovated, modern and luxury furnitures.	"Spacious living room (big window, big sofa bed for 2 people,  coffee table), a fully equipped functional ""American"" kitchen with a counter and stools, a bedroom (double bed, desk, chair, TV, large window), a bathroom with a shower  and WC"
22571	Studio located in the chic district of Paris near the Trocadero and the place of the star. Avenue Foch metro station 400 meters.  It welcomes you in refined decor and design. The greatest comfort is ensured thanks to a sleeping-living room with a LCD flat screen TV and a hundred channels available for free, high speed internet access unlimited wifi. Space is powered by a folding bed. -A fully equipped kitchenette and an American bar with a refrigerator, microwave oven, a plate-glass ceramic, a dishwasher, coffee maker and Nespresso pods, a kettle, a complete set of dishes and many kitchen utensils. -A corner bathroom toilet, shower, washbasin, wall hung WC and heating. -sheets, towels and tea towels are provided. Cleanliness is ensured. 	Studio located in the chic district of Paris near the Trocadero and the place of the star. Avenue Foch metro station 400 meters.  It welcomes you in refined decor and design. The greatest comfort is ensured thanks to a sleeping-living room with a LCD flat screen TV and a hundred channels available for free, high speed internet access unlimited wifi. Space is powered by a folding bed. -A fully equipped kitchenette and an American bar with a refrigerator, microwave oven, a plate-glass ceramic, a dishwasher, coffee maker and Nespresso pods, a kettle, a complete set of dishes and many kitchen utensils. -A corner bathroom toilet, shower, washbasin, wall hung WC and heating. -sheets, towels and tea towels are provided. Cleanliness is ensured. 
22572	In a luxurious high ceiling building of the late 30's, you will enjoy a calm and confortable 1 bedroom appartment . You will delight a llarge view on the garden and the Eiffel Tower.  Eiffel Tower at night is truly stunning and a must-see which you can enjoy directly from ...the sofa!	Your stay in Paris in a luxurious bulding from the 30's with a large view on the Eiffel tower! 5 minutes walking from Trocadero garden, Eiffel Tower,  museums and shops, close to subway and bus,  you can now enjoy the real parisian lifestyle! In a luxurious high ceiling building of the late 30's, you will enjoy a calm and confortable 1 bedroom appartment . You will delight a llarge view on the garden and the Eiffel Tower.  Eiffel Tower at night is truly stunning and a must-see which you can enjoy directly from ...the sofa! Guest will acces the whole flat privately. (Bedroom - kitchen - living room..) I can help you to organise your stay in Paris. Feel free to ask me about, I will be happy to help you! I won't be around during your stay, but the cleaning lady will provide all the help you need! This one the greatest neighborhood in Paris: 2 minutes walking from The famous Trocadero garden, 7 minutes from The Eiffel tower. You can also walk to many museum in the neighborhood (Museum of a
22573	On narrow street with restaurants and shops	Steps away from metro and the Arc de Triumph and Champs Elysee!  Great location in Paris. Large and sunny 6th floor quiet apartment overlooking small street with shops and restaurants.  80m2.  Available July 4, 2015, minimum 2 weeks.  Merci! On narrow street with restaurants and shops
22574	Idéal pour un couple. Très agréable à vivre. Très lumineux, nombreuses fenêtres donnant sur une vaste cour intérieure. Cuisine américaine avec bar donnant sur le salon, rendant la pièce à vivre très conviviale.  Immeuble particulièrement calme, isolé des bruits de la ville, notamment de la circulation. Nuit noire dans la chambre grâce aux volets + rideaux. Lit queen size 160cm, matelas à mémoire de forme.	L'appartement (78m2) est situé au rez de chaussée d'un immeuble de standing, rue très calme, sans circulation. Nombreuses fenêtres donnant sur vaste cour rendant toutes les pièces très lumineuses. Belle pièce de vie ouverte sur une cuisine amricaine. Idéal pour un couple. Très agréable à vivre. Très lumineux, nombreuses fenêtres donnant sur une vaste cour intérieure. Cuisine américaine avec bar donnant sur le salon, rendant la pièce à vivre très conviviale.  Immeuble particulièrement calme, isolé des bruits de la ville, notamment de la circulation. Nuit noire dans la chambre grâce aux volets + rideaux. Lit queen size 160cm, matelas à mémoire de forme. Accessible sans difficulté malgré les valises du fait de sa localisation au rez-de-chaussée.  Salle de bain spacieuse avec baignoire et coiffeuse. WC séparés. Une chambre isolée du reste de l'appartement, à l'opposée du séjour, au calme. Nous serons joignables par téléphone, SMS ou mail pendant toute la durée de votre séjour. N'hésitez pa
22575	50 m2 1 entry, 1 kitchen, 1 toilet, 1 living room, 1 dressing, 1 room, 1 bathroom, 3 windows.	This flat is 2 minutes by foot from Etoile and 5 minutes from Bois de Boulogne, the biggest 50 m2 1 entry, 1 kitchen, 1 toilet, 1 living room, 1 dressing, 1 room, 1 bathroom, 3 windows. Yes you can contact me any time by phone or email. 5 minutes from Etoile Metro Line 1  1 minute from Metro Victor Hugo line 2  2 minutes from Porte Dauphine Metro line 2  Buses everywhere ...
22576		Appartement de 4 pièces, situé à Paris 16e, entre Ranelagh et La Muette, se composant de la sorte: - double living donnant sur la rue - cuisine américaine équipée - 1 grande ch. avec lit double - 1 petite ch. avec lit simple - 1 salle de bain
22577		Idéal pour une famille jusqu'à 3 enfants donnant sur une cour très calme. Situé dans un quartier lux, calme, proche du parc, commerce de proximité. 1 lit double, 2 lits enfant mais possible pour adulte, 1 canapé lit une personne. Proche Métro et Bus.
22578	Vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel face à un grand jardin. Idéalement situé à 2 minutes de la place Costa Rica, rue de Passy, Trocadéro, TOUR EIFFEL et Champs de Mars.	Appartement 2 pièces très ensolleillé et agréable à vivre face à la Tour Eiffel. Au pied du métro Passy. 5 minutes à pied Trocadéro, Tour Eiffel et rue de Passy.  Idéal pour un couple ou un séjour romantique. L'appartement est de 60m2 et il est tout équipé! Vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel face à un grand jardin. Idéalement situé à 2 minutes de la place Costa Rica, rue de Passy, Trocadéro, TOUR EIFFEL et Champs de Mars. Métro et bus à proximité Dans mon quartier j'aime tout, les magasins, Cinema, lieu culturel, Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro, champs de mars, Passy... Métro Passy
22579		The apartment is well located in the 16 district, very close to the Metro stops Victor Hugo and Trocadéro, close to the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysées. It is newly décorated with nice furniture. You Will find a TV, wifi and an IPod station. The kitchen is basically equiped, and the bathroom possesses a Nice bath tub.
22580	Capacité d’accueil de 4 personnes au maximum.  Studio en rdc avec vue sur cours intérieure, composé d'une grande pièce principale avec cuisine équipée ouverte sur un grand dressing et un coin TV.  Une suspension isole le coin nuit disposant d'une literie haut de gamme à mémoire de forme (matelas et oreillers). Un secrétaire mural permet un petit coin bureau. La cuisine est équipée d'une table bar et de quatre tabourets.	"Charmant studio fonctionnel idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. Facile d'accès la gare souterraine, ""Boulainvilliers"" du RER C, est à 50m en face des Vélib'. Dans un rayon de 200m vous disposez de tout les commerces nécessaires (Franprix, M&S...). Capacité d’accueil de 4 personnes au maximum.  Studio en rdc avec vue sur cours intérieure, composé d'une grande pièce principale avec cuisine équipée ouverte sur un grand dressing et un coin TV.  Une suspension isole le coin nuit disposant d'une literie haut de gamme à mémoire de forme (matelas et oreillers). Un secrétaire mural permet un petit coin bureau. La cuisine est équipée d'une table bar et de quatre tabourets. Une partie du dressing sera libre pour vous installer.  Un lit gonflable à pompe électrique pour deux personnes est disponible (en supplément). En libre accès, vous trouverez :  - un trolley pour faire vos courses ; - le nécessaire pour le linge (machine à laver le linge, centrale vapeur et table à repasser). -  matériels et "
22581	15min walk Eiffel Tower. Cute, clean with confort bed ; Ideally located, parking easy. 	porte de Passy, 1st floor, studio very bright, clean and well decorated with shower room and a small kitchen at 20 m from bois de Boulogne. Métro Muette, 15 min walking from Eiffel tower! 15min walk Eiffel Tower. Cute, clean with confort bed ; Ideally located, parking easy.  Metro Muette or Ranelagh bus PC1: porte de passy do not miss Musée Marmottan! metro Muette or bus PC 1 just downstairs, stop porte de passy. kitchen with micro wave, fridge; nespreso coffee machine.
22582		Très agréable deux pièces, composé d'une chambre, d'un grand salon, d'une très belle cuisine et d'une salle d'eau.  Appartement calme (triple vitrage), avec ascenseur et proche transports en commun Nous vous proposons une belle chambre avec un lit deux places. Vous aurez oreillers, draps et serviettes à votre disposition.  Nous vous donnons accès à la salle d'eau, à la cuisine et au salon (à noter que nous dormirons dans le salon). Nous vous proposons pour 10 euros par personne un petit déjeuner complet (viennoiseries, pain, choix de confitures, œufs, jus et boissons chaudes).  Possibilité de préparer le dîner également (prix à établir en fonction des plats souhaités). Métros : lignes 9 et 10  RER : C  Bus : ligne 22, ligne 52, ligne 70 et ligne 72
22583	On the first floor of an hausmanian building, decorated with taste and nice furnitures. 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, a large living room with sofas and dining table/ Kitchen all equipped. High standing apartment for havin a chic and perfect time in Paris.	In the heart of the chic 16th area of Paris, this somptuous two bedrooms apartment is perfect for an amazing stay in Paris. On the firts floor with lift, a large living room with sofas and dining table. the place to be ! On the first floor of an hausmanian building, decorated with taste and nice furnitures. 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, a large living room with sofas and dining table/ Kitchen all equipped. High standing apartment for havin a chic and perfect time in Paris. All is free access like 2 televisions, internet wifi, hifi, kitchen. You can have a cleaning service also. I will welcome you myself, explain you the apartment and give you some tips about Paris. In the heart of the chic 16th district of Paris. just behinf the Avenue Mozart and the trendy rue de Passy and its shops. The new shop center Beaugrenelle is 5 minutes walking distance also. metro or bus are close.
22584	This is a 2 bedroom apartment with an area of 105 square meters. It is located avenue Victor Hugo in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, near the Place Victor Hugo and near Trocadero. It includes a living room, dining room, two bedrooms, a separate fully equipped kitchen and 2 bathrooms. It will offer you a luxurious living, spacious and comfortable. It will accommodate up to 5 people. It is served by the metro station Victor Hugo. equipment The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Elevator - Intercom - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Hi-Fi - Computer - Double sofa bed 140cm - machine - towels - U.S. kitchen - refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee - Iron - Dishwasher - Washing machine - Dryer - vacuum - Ironing board lounge Area of 20 m², it has 2 windows facing West and is equipped with a library, an office, a double sofa bed width 140, a sofa, two armchairs and a coffee tab	This is a 2 bedroom apartment with an area of 105 square meters. It is located avenue Victor Hugo in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, near the Place Victor Hugo and near Trocadero. It includes a living room, dining room, two bedrooms, a separate fully equipped kitchen and 2 bathrooms. It will offer you a luxurious living, spacious and comfortable. It will accommodate up to 5 people. It is served by the metro station Victor Hugo. equipment The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Elevator - Intercom - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Hi-Fi - Computer - Double sofa bed 140cm - machine - towels - U.S. kitchen - refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee - Iron - Dishwasher - Washing machine - Dryer - vacuum - Ironing board lounge Area of 20 m², it has 2 windows facing West and is equipped with a library, an office, a double sofa bed width 140, a sofa, two armchairs and a coffee tab
22585	Grand appartement de 140 m2, lumineux, en parfait état.  à deux pas des commerces, de la place du Trocadéro et de ses bars et restaurants ainsi que de la plus belle vue parisienne de la tour Eiffel L'appartement se situe au quatrième étage d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode + gardienne).  La cuisine est complètement équipée et à votre disposition.  Les draps sont fournis pour l'ensemble des lits.  Des serviettes de bain sont également à votre disposition. Spacious and cosy in the best location in Paris. Enjoy spending your holiday in a 3 bathrooms apartment , a large living room fully equipped for your next vacation. Classic beautiful apartment building with ELEVATOR. Free WIFI 140 sqm apartment.  3 rooms  and big living room with a sofa for a fifth person Fully equipped kitchen Free Wifi and LAN Internet  TV  Bed linen and towels included. Beds made.  Trash bags, toilet paper, provided. Ideal area to stay in Paris.  7 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower . You can easily walk to the Troca	Grand 5 pièces  à 2 minutes à pied de la place du Trocadéro. 3 chambres, un grand double séjour lumineux. Cette appartement est sans aucun doute le meilleur point de chute pour visiter Paris!Au 4ème étage d'un immeuble luxueux, protégé par digicode. Grand appartement de 140 m2, lumineux, en parfait état.  à deux pas des commerces, de la place du Trocadéro et de ses bars et restaurants ainsi que de la plus belle vue parisienne de la tour Eiffel L'appartement se situe au quatrième étage d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode + gardienne).  La cuisine est complètement équipée et à votre disposition.  Les draps sont fournis pour l'ensemble des lits.  Des serviettes de bain sont également à votre disposition. Spacious and cosy in the best location in Paris. Enjoy spending your holiday in a 3 bathrooms apartment , a large living room fully equipped for your next vacation. Classic beautiful apartment building with ELEVATOR. Free WIFI 140 sqm apartment.  3 rooms  and big living room with a sofa for 
22586	Appartement situé dans le 16eme arrondissement de Paris, dans le quartier de Passy. L'appartement est très silencieux, lumineux et très agréable à vivre.  Il est décoré avec soin avec un mélange harmonieux d'ancien et de moderne. Il se situe au 4ème et dernier  étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur (pas de logement au dessus, donc pas de bruit). Toutes les chambres, le salon et la salle à manger donnent sur le balcon. Le salon très lumineux possède un canapé, une banquette, deux fauteuils, une table basse, une télévision, une chaîne hifi et une machine Nespresso. La salle à manger se compose d'une grande table et de six chaises. La 1 ère chambre avec un grand lit est très agréable et reposante. Double exposition (une fenêtre à l'est avec vu sur le haut de la tour Eiffel et une fenêtre au sud donnant sur le balcon). La 2 nde chambre avec un lit simple est très cosy avec sa cheminée et sa fenêtre donnant sur le balcon. La 3ème chambre avec deux couchages (lit gigogne) est pleine de surprise	Appartement situé dans le 16eme arrondissement de Paris, dans le quartier de Passy. L'appartement est très silencieux, lumineux et très agréable à vivre.  Il est décoré avec soin avec un mélange harmonieux d'ancien et de moderne. Il se situe au 4ème et dernier  étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur (pas de logement au dessus, donc pas de bruit). Toutes les chambres, le salon et la salle à manger donnent sur le balcon. Le salon très lumineux possède un canapé, une banquette, deux fauteuils, une table basse, une télévision, une chaîne hifi et une machine Nespresso. La salle à manger se compose d'une grande table et de six chaises. La 1 ère chambre avec un grand lit est très agréable et reposante. Double exposition (une fenêtre à l'est avec vu sur le haut de la tour Eiffel et une fenêtre au sud donnant sur le balcon). La 2 nde chambre avec un lit simple est très cosy avec sa cheminée et sa fenêtre donnant sur le balcon. La 3ème chambre avec deux couchages (lit gigogne) est pleine de surprise
22587	My flat it sunkissed and has been recently refurbished Located on the seventh and last floor of the building (elevator) in the secured Villa Duret. In the center of Paris, the 16th district is a very safe area. The neighborhood is a very exclusive, residential one, yet surrounded by plenty of major cultural sites. Its proximity to the Champs-Elysées, with its famous boutiques, makes it a strategic location for any shopping aficionado.  For evenings and gourmet lovers, the immediate neighborhood, offers a large choice of fine restaurants and great brasseries.  In addition, the boulangeries and pastry shops of the area are among the absolute best in Paris.  You will enjoy: -The large entrance -The living room with the flat TV screen and the Hifi system -The fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, fridge, induction hob, rice cooker, microwave/oven, Nespresso machine and all you need to cook) -The bath room with it large shower and washing machine -The first bedroom gives on a sunny corridor (	Exclusive and  residential neighborhood, yet surrounded by plenty of major cultural sites.  Its proximity to the Champs-Elysées, with its famous boutiques and business center Palais des Congrès and Dauphine, makes it a strategic location . My flat it sunkissed and has been recently refurbished Located on the seventh and last floor of the building (elevator) in the secured Villa Duret. In the center of Paris, the 16th district is a very safe area. The neighborhood is a very exclusive, residential one, yet surrounded by plenty of major cultural sites. Its proximity to the Champs-Elysées, with its famous boutiques, makes it a strategic location for any shopping aficionado.  For evenings and gourmet lovers, the immediate neighborhood, offers a large choice of fine restaurants and great brasseries.  In addition, the boulangeries and pastry shops of the area are among the absolute best in Paris.  You will enjoy: -The large entrance -The living room with the flat TV screen and the Hifi system
22588	Joli logement, bien décoré, agréable à vivre. Emplacement idéal.	Chambre pour 1 ou 2 personnes dans appartement tout équipé 55m2, avec salon, cuisine, sdb, et wc séparés. Très confortable,  lumineux, très agréable vivre, quartier calme et proche du bois de Boulogne, et Champs Elysées. Très bien desservi. Joli logement, bien décoré, agréable à vivre. Emplacement idéal. L'appartement est entièrement équipé. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Sèche cheveux. Machine à laver. Cuisine avec plaques, four, microonde, cafetière, grille pain.  L'appartement comprend deux chambres, vous partagerez l'appartement avec un très gentil jeune homme, discret, propre, qui vous accueillera chaleureusement. Quartier très calme et sécuritaire, beaucoup d'ambassades. Proche de quartier Victor Hugo avec beaucoup de commerces, restaurants. 15 minutes à pied des champs élysées, et du bois de Boulogne. Emplacement idéal. Le métro le plus proche est Porte Dauphine, avec la ligne 2. Ou RER C avenue Foch.
22589	je ne parle pas Anglais....désolée, mais je peux avoir une personne à l'arrivée qui accueille !	je ne parle pas Anglais....désolée, mais je peux avoir une personne à l'arrivée qui accueille !
22590	This apartment is a 60 square meters (approx: 650 sqft) one bedroom, located on rue des Sablons in the 16th district of Paris just next to Trocadero and not so far from Victor Hugo place. It consists of a living/dining room, a bedroom, a separate equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It will offer you all quality services to welcome up to 4 persons. For more safety, the residence is under video surveillance 24 hours a day, a reception desk is provided with guard 24 hours a day, and guards-dog patrol all night long. Living/dining room Surface of about 35 sqm - 377 sqft. It has 1 window facing west and is equipped with a bookcase, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 4 chairs, an armchairs, a table and a coffee table. the bathroom It consists of a bath with shower, a sink and an hairdryer. the bedroom Surface of about 20 sqm - 215 sqft. It has 1 window and is equipped with a double bed 140 cm wide, a closet and an ensuite bathroom. It has a queen size bed and is facing on garden.	This apartment is a 60 square meters (approx: 650 sqft) one bedroom, located on rue des Sablons in the 16th district of Paris just next to Trocadero and not so far from Victor Hugo place. It consists of a living/dining room, a bedroom, a separate equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It will offer you all quality services to welcome up to 4 persons. For more safety, the residence is under video surveillance 24 hours a day, a reception desk is provided with guard 24 hours a day, and guards-dog patrol all night long. Living/dining room Surface of about 35 sqm - 377 sqft. It has 1 window facing west and is equipped with a bookcase, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 4 chairs, an armchairs, a table and a coffee table. the bathroom It consists of a bath with shower, a sink and an hairdryer. the bedroom Surface of about 20 sqm - 215 sqft. It has 1 window and is equipped with a double bed 140 cm wide, a closet and an ensuite bathroom. It has a queen size bed and is facing on garden. It is served by th
22591	"I'm an entrepreneur and I rent my lovely and quiet apartment in the famous 16th arr. of Paris. It's a quiet and very safe place, At 100 m of Pont Mirabeau. There is a double bed and someone, or 2 children can also sleep on the very comfortable sofa (120cm) if needed. The location is perfect to visit the city as you are close to metro n° 10 and N°9 and you'll love to walk on the Quais to reach the Tour Eiffel in 25 minutes. You will also enjoy a typical parisian food market, at ""Auteuil"" on Wednesday and Saturday, and ""Molitor"" on Tuesday and Friday There are many goods restaurants around, mainly Parisian-style ""bistrots"", some Bistronomes also and a very very good japonese one. You have also a delicious ""boulangerie"" (bakery) 2 minutes away and a Carrefour City to buy goods from 9am to 9 pm. - 77m², ideal for a couple or 3 adults - Ethnic furnitures  - Great Wifi  - Kitchen full equiped  - Iron available  - Bed sheets and towels provided You get the best of both worlds: peace, calm and"	"Endroit, calme et situé de façon idéal, appartement au rdc idéal pour un couple ou 3 adultes qui veulent profiter de Paris en étant à 20 mn de tous les points intéressants grâce au métro, RER, et bus au pied de l'immeuble. Refait à neuf cette année.  I'm an entrepreneur and I rent my lovely and quiet apartment in the famous 16th arr. of Paris. It's a quiet and very safe place, At 100 m of Pont Mirabeau. There is a double bed and someone, or 2 children can also sleep on the very comfortable sofa (120cm) if needed. The location is perfect to visit the city as you are close to metro n° 10 and N°9 and you'll love to walk on the Quais to reach the Tour Eiffel in 25 minutes. You will also enjoy a typical parisian food market, at ""Auteuil"" on Wednesday and Saturday, and ""Molitor"" on Tuesday and Friday There are many goods restaurants around, mainly Parisian-style ""bistrots"", some Bistronomes also and a very very good japonese one. You have also a delicious ""boulangerie"" (bakery) 2 minutes awa"
22592	**This is a private room renting, not an independent apartment, please read carefully** I rent a beautiful bedroom 15 m² , (PASSY/LA MUETTE) 75016 in an apartment of 1100 square meters (100 m²). Comfortable and quiet garden, with very confortable double bed 220 X 160, linen and towels provided, wardrobe, desk and TV. Nice garden view from your room ,no building directly opposite, open outlook.  Armored door. Free WIFI working great. A set of KEYS will be given to you at your arrival. NO SMOKING. The spacious apartment of 100 m² is located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, near the Passy street,  with an elevator in a private residence with caretaker and code. Kitchen, bathroom with bathtub. WC separated from the bathroom. 75016 is probably one of the safest places in all Paris. Possibility french breakfast, see pictures (6 €) and Guest table the night: 17 € per person (starter / main course / cheese / dessert and wine & water). You will find in the area : All shops within 50 meters 	Big Apartment, very very quiet and bright, with two bedrooms very independant from each other, and yours having a nice view from Paris with an open outlook on a private garden. You won´t hear a car, windows open( which is quite rare for Paris !) **This is a private room renting, not an independent apartment, please read carefully** I rent a beautiful bedroom 15 m² , (PASSY/LA MUETTE) 75016 in an apartment of 1100 square meters (100 m²). Comfortable and quiet garden, with very confortable double bed 220 X 160, linen and towels provided, wardrobe, desk and TV. Nice garden view from your room ,no building directly opposite, open outlook.  Armored door. Free WIFI working great. A set of KEYS will be given to you at your arrival. NO SMOKING. The spacious apartment of 100 m² is located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, near the Passy street,  with an elevator in a private residence with caretaker and code. Kitchen, bathroom with bathtub. WC separated from the bathroom. 75016 is probably o
22593	This large loft can welcome up to 4 guests. It has one main bed and a sofa-bed. (Clean bed linen and clean towels provided). It has a fully equipped kitchen and dining area that opens up to a great terrace. There is also a nice bathtub, perfect for a relaxing bath, within the bedroom area. The loft has its own terraces, just perfect for taking in some fresh air with a glass of wine or a cup of coffee. It is located on rue Spontini, in the 16th arrondissement. (a quiet, safe and classy area.)  This is a great neighborhood with many high class shops, restaurants and bars within walking distance. This apartment is perfect for a couple, a family or a group of friends who don't mind sharing an intimate space in a great area of Paris. This apartment is intended for habitational use and party or having more than 5 guests in the apartment is prohibited. Please ask me if you would like any further information! Totally free access to all of my apartment (incl. private terraces).  Sheets and towe	Splendide loft avec 2 terrasses de plain pied à deux pas du Trocadéro. Idéalement situé dans une rue calme, pour visiter Paris ! Profitez de ses 2 terrasses pour prendre un verre ou vos repas et de sa vaste baignoire d'angle pour vous délasser. This large loft can welcome up to 4 guests. It has one main bed and a sofa-bed. (Clean bed linen and clean towels provided). It has a fully equipped kitchen and dining area that opens up to a great terrace. There is also a nice bathtub, perfect for a relaxing bath, within the bedroom area. The loft has its own terraces, just perfect for taking in some fresh air with a glass of wine or a cup of coffee. It is located on rue Spontini, in the 16th arrondissement. (a quiet, safe and classy area.)  This is a great neighborhood with many high class shops, restaurants and bars within walking distance. This apartment is perfect for a couple, a family or a group of friends who don't mind sharing an intimate space in a great area of Paris. This apartment i
22594	 Studio located in the 16th Arrondissement of Paris, in a typical Haussmanian building from the 19th century.  With a living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The apartment is on the ground floor with a window that opens on a courtyard. The place is very quiet and very safe. It's a 5-10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, à 10-minute walk from the Champs-Elysées and Place de L'Etoile. Very easy public transportation:  2 min walk from Metro IENA (Line 9) 3-5 min walk from metro TROCADERO (Line 6 and 9). The Bus 63 has a stop right in front of the apartment. It will drive you to Saint Germain des Près in 15 minutes! If you would like to spend an afternoon at the Bois de Boulogne, the second largest park in Paris, the Bus 32 has also a stop right in front of the studio and will drive you there in 20 minutes.  Cabs can be easily found at place d'Iéna or Place du Trocadéro. There are many shops and restaurants around the studio.  2 minute walk from a grocery store and a bakery. 10 min walk fro	 Studio located in the 16th Arrondissement of Paris, in a typical Haussmanian building from the 19th century.  With a living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The apartment is on the ground floor with a window that opens on a courtyard. The place is very quiet and very safe. It's a 5-10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, à 10-minute walk from the Champs-Elysées and Place de L'Etoile. Very easy public transportation:  2 min walk from Metro IENA (Line 9) 3-5 min walk from metro TROCADERO (Line 6 and 9). The Bus 63 has a stop right in front of the apartment. It will drive you to Saint Germain des Près in 15 minutes! If you would like to spend an afternoon at the Bois de Boulogne, the second largest park in Paris, the Bus 32 has also a stop right in front of the studio and will drive you there in 20 minutes.  Cabs can be easily found at place d'Iéna or Place du Trocadéro. There are many shops and restaurants around the studio.  2 minute walk from a grocery store and a bakery. 10 min walk fro
22595	800 SQFT VERY COMFORTABLE APARTMENT IN THE 16TH NEAR THE SEINE W/TERRACE	An exquisite apartment, redone by architect, with a terrace. One large bedroom, bathroom with shower and bath tub, kitchen, lift, concierge, near the Seine and the 'maison de la Radio' in Paris 16. Easy parking, Wi-fi, flat LCD TV, modern building. 800 SQFT VERY COMFORTABLE APARTMENT IN THE 16TH NEAR THE SEINE W/TERRACE One large bedroom, bathroom with shower and bath tub, kitchen, lift, concierge, near the Seine and the 'maison de la Radio' in Paris 16. Easy parking, Wi-fi, flat LCD TV, modern building, high floor. Ideal for those who wish to stay in the west of Paris. The terrace is at the front and the bedroom on a private garden. Double glazed windows ensure a quiet life and keep the heat. Central heating. Metro station and RER are closed by. Several buses stops also. Great restaurants around. We'll be able to provide any kind of assistance during your stay.  Ideal for those who wish to stay in the west of Paris. Great restaurants around. Metro station and RER are closed by. Severa
22596	The Duplex located is very well located on the ground floor of a beautiful typical Parisian building.Romantic , charming , old stamp France , for honey mooners , comfort, quiet, very clean and pleasant, kitchen and bathroom separate, you will sleep in a quiet room upstairs in a large comfortable bed of 2m. The living room has a sofa. You can enjoy a flat screen TV and a DVD player and WIFI internet access . The kitchen is fully equiped, you will find everything you need to cook,microwave , dishwasher , toaster, kettle, coffee machine. The bathroom is fully equiped with a shower.The apartment is located in a central area with all accomodations, very commercial , with many pubs and restaurants for all budgets and close to the metro station La Muette. A taxi stand is located at the corner . You will enjoy discovering the 16 th arrondissement of Paris : Passy , Trocadero , the beautiful fairways of the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, then you can take a riverboat for an unusual perspec	Amazing Duplex of 40 square meters, very well located close to the Trocadero and Mozart Avenue. On the ground floor: a living room witth a sofa, a kitchen fully equiped .And Upstairs bedroom and bathroom. All shops nearby. The Duplex located is very well located on the ground floor of a beautiful typical Parisian building.Romantic , charming , old stamp France , for honey mooners , comfort, quiet, very clean and pleasant, kitchen and bathroom separate, you will sleep in a quiet room upstairs in a large comfortable bed of 2m. The living room has a sofa. You can enjoy a flat screen TV and a DVD player and WIFI internet access . The kitchen is fully equiped, you will find everything you need to cook,microwave , dishwasher , toaster, kettle, coffee machine. The bathroom is fully equiped with a shower.The apartment is located in a central area with all accomodations, very commercial , with many pubs and restaurants for all budgets and close to the metro station La Muette. A taxi stand is lo
22597	This newly remodeled and furnished one bedroom has large windows in every room, clean lines, and comfortable furniture. The living area offers dining for up to four in front of nicely curtained bow windows. The circular table has an extra leaf and expands to an oval. A very comfortable couch, which converts to a double bed, shares the sitting area with a side chair, natural wood coffee table on wheels, and television—all brought together by area rugs. The fully equipped kitchen has bright white tiles paired with grey accents, giving it a modern look, and the large privacy-glass double window opens out over the courtyard. The ample room around the ultra large king-size bed demonstrates the spaciousness of the bedroom. With nearly a wall of windows, a large mirror, an antique three-drawer dresser, and an armoire, this room offers light, simple design, and comfort. In the bathroom, the attractive blue washbasin and bathtub pop against the white tiled floor and walls. The room also feature	This newly remodeled and furnished one bedroom Apartment has large windows in every room, clean lines, and comfortable furniture. Moreover, it is located next to the most beautiful Avenue in the World: the Champs-Elysées. This newly remodeled and furnished one bedroom has large windows in every room, clean lines, and comfortable furniture. The living area offers dining for up to four in front of nicely curtained bow windows. The circular table has an extra leaf and expands to an oval. A very comfortable couch, which converts to a double bed, shares the sitting area with a side chair, natural wood coffee table on wheels, and television—all brought together by area rugs. The fully equipped kitchen has bright white tiles paired with grey accents, giving it a modern look, and the large privacy-glass double window opens out over the courtyard. The ample room around the ultra large king-size bed demonstrates the spaciousness of the bedroom. With nearly a wall of windows, a large mirror, an a
22598	The flat, 50 sq. meters, can welcome 4 people.  It is at the 4th floor with elevator. It’s quiet, luminous and confortable. Large double living room with 2 sofas -  one can be used as a convertible bed (140/200 cm). Nice dining room. Very large and flat TV screen, Hi Fi, Freebox, internet WiFi Nice bedroom with closets and bed 150/200 cm. Kitchen : traditional oven incl micro wave, big fridge incl. freezer, dishwasher, washing machine. Nespresso. Bathroom with shower, WC separated. Downstairs : many food stores, nice restaurants and luxury shops. Subway lines 1 (Etoile), 2 (Victor Hugo), 6 (Boissière).  In a few min you will join the most visited and famous spots :  Concorde, Louvre, Opéra, Marais, Bastille… Min. number of nights : 2 (email hidden) 	Lovely flat next to Arc de Triomphe and Tour Eiffel. 5 min walk from Champs Elysées and 10 min from Eiffel Tower and Trocadéro. Very well located in the very chic 16th District. The flat, 50 sq. meters, can welcome 4 people.  It is at the 4th floor with elevator. It’s quiet, luminous and confortable. Large double living room with 2 sofas -  one can be used as a convertible bed (140/200 cm). Nice dining room. Very large and flat TV screen, Hi Fi, Freebox, internet WiFi Nice bedroom with closets and bed 150/200 cm. Kitchen : traditional oven incl micro wave, big fridge incl. freezer, dishwasher, washing machine. Nespresso. Bathroom with shower, WC separated. Downstairs : many food stores, nice restaurants and luxury shops. Subway lines 1 (Etoile), 2 (Victor Hugo), 6 (Boissière).  In a few min you will join the most visited and famous spots :  Concorde, Louvre, Opéra, Marais, Bastille… Min. number of nights : 2 (email hidden) Subway: ligne 2 station Victor Hugo and ligne 6 station Boissiè
22599	Fully furnished and fashion design spacious apart, quiet and cosy... You feel the prestige and comfort of luxury paris style stay.	Lovely fashion furnished spacious apart , 1 bedroom, 1 living room, separate fully equipped kitchen and fully furnished bathroom,  in the higher floor, guarded access with 2 lifts in the most affluent and prestigious residential area in Paris 16th, all shopping and transportation facilities near by. Available Wifi, TV and amenities. Fully furnished and fashion design spacious apart, quiet and cosy... You feel the prestige and comfort of luxury paris style stay. Building 2 lifts. A host will welcome the guests, present the facilities, provide all required information for the stay and can be reached over the phone and mail for any support needed.  The host will intervene for any technical support required. Additional housekeeping can be booked separately with. 24h notice for any stay above 3 days with supplementary fees. With its ornate 19th century buildings, large avenues, prestigious museums, touristic places  and various parks, the 16th district of Paris has long been known as one of
22600		A confortable room to rent in a good district of Paris, close the Eiffet Tower and metro, with which it's easy to good in any part of Paris, even Versailles.
22601	The flat is located in one of the most residential district and offers within 100 m a large variety of shops, restaurants with direct access to all other parts of the city. The building has a caretaker.	'The flat is located in one of the most residential district and offers within 100 m a large variety of shops, restaurants with direct access to all other parts of the city.\nThe building has a caretaker.\n\nGusts will find a well decorated flat with XVII century paintings. They will have access to wi fi, large screen TV,  well equipped kitchen. \n\nUpon the arrival of the guests, I will be available to help and guide them to visit the city.\n\nPassy is both a residential district while offering very easy access to a large variaty of supermarkets, restaurants, shopping arcade.\nBois de Boulogne is 5 mn walking.\n\nThe flat is at the center of 3 underground stations that enable easy access to all districts: champs Elysees, Latin quarter, business center.\n\nAny other information will be supplied upon request.'
22602	Appartement très clair, ensoleillé et très calme dans un quartier résidentiel. De nombreux commerçants en sortant de l'immeuble	 Situé dans le 16 ème entre Auteuil et la Muette à deux pas du Trocadéro , Très bel Appartement ensoleillé de 80 m2 avec un double séjour et une grande chambre pour 2 personnes. Il est très calme et facile d'accès aux transports en commun. Appartement très clair, ensoleillé et très calme dans un quartier résidentiel. De nombreux commerçants en sortant de l'immeuble De nombreux bus pour vous rendre dans tous les quartiers de Paris, un métro en bas de l'appartement ainsi qu'une station de vélib' et d'autolib' Appartement idéal pour un couple voulant passer une semaine romantique Très beau quartier résidentiel  Métro, bus, vélib et autolib 
22603	Cet appartement de 35 m² est situé rue des Belles Feuilles dans le 16ème arrondissement au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble du 18ème siècle, à deux minutes de la Place Victor Hugo.  L'immeuble du 18ème siècle est sécurisé avec un code d entrée et une concierge  L'appartement peut accueillir confortablement 4 personnes.  -Entrée/Séjour/Cuisine (15 m²): Equipé d'un canapé  lit deux places très confortable, table basse, télévision, table ronde avec lampe, fauteuil, étagères, cheminée décorative, parquet.  La cuisine à l'américaine équipée d'un réfrigérateur/ congélateur, plaques électriques, micro-ondes, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, ustensiles de cuisine, placards et d'un plan de travail/comptoir séparant la cuisine du séjour.  - Chambre de 15m² équipée d'un lit de 140cm pour 2 personnes, deux tables de nuit, d'une penderie, d'un bureau avec lampe, d'une cheminée décorative, parquet. -Salle de bain (3 m²): La pièce est équipée d'un meuble-lavabo, douche et carrelage  et d'un lave ling	Au calme au rez-de-chaussée d'une petite cour paysagée, à deux pas de l'Etoile et du Trocadéro, proche des magasins et restaurants. Décoration,à la fois classique et contemporaine avec tout le confort souhaité pour un agréable séjour touristique. Cet appartement de 35 m² est situé rue des Belles Feuilles dans le 16ème arrondissement au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble du 18ème siècle, à deux minutes de la Place Victor Hugo.  L'immeuble du 18ème siècle est sécurisé avec un code d entrée et une concierge  L'appartement peut accueillir confortablement 4 personnes.  -Entrée/Séjour/Cuisine (15 m²): Equipé d'un canapé  lit deux places très confortable, table basse, télévision, table ronde avec lampe, fauteuil, étagères, cheminée décorative, parquet.  La cuisine à l'américaine équipée d'un réfrigérateur/ congélateur, plaques électriques, micro-ondes, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, ustensiles de cuisine, placards et d'un plan de travail/comptoir séparant la cuisine du séjour.  - Chambre de 1
22604		Quartier calme près de l'Etoile Proches nombreux métros et bus Plusieurs commerces à proximité  Studio d'environ 32m2 Grand lit double et canapé convertible  Kitchenette, WC et salle de bain avec baignoire. Idéal pour couple.
22605	In a very quiet neighborhoodt, it is a few steps from the Champs Elysees madness. Combining cultural centers of excellence (Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Louis Vuitton Foundation ...), sport tours (Bois de Boulogne), the Parisian night (Champs Elysees boxes) and the ease of moving (near metro , RER and bus as well as a Velib station a few meters away, the apartment includes: - A large living room with pool table, dining table, sofa and TV and international litterature library. - A comfortable room with bed 200x140 - A bathroom with walk-in shower - A fully equipped kitchen with all the dishes and cookware. - Dishwasher and washing machine.	One private bedroom with a big common living room where two parisians live. A perfect location for visiting Paris during spring and summer. Champs Elysées Avenue is at 5 min walk. All commodities (metro,bus and RER), restaurants and shops close. In a very quiet neighborhoodt, it is a few steps from the Champs Elysees madness. Combining cultural centers of excellence (Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Louis Vuitton Foundation ...), sport tours (Bois de Boulogne), the Parisian night (Champs Elysees boxes) and the ease of moving (near metro , RER and bus as well as a Velib station a few meters away, the apartment includes: - A large living room with pool table, dining table, sofa and TV and international litterature library. - A comfortable room with bed 200x140 - A bathroom with walk-in shower - A fully equipped kitchen with all the dishes and cookware. - Dishwasher and washing machine. - Access to the lounge (30 m²) - Fully equipped kitchen - Comfortable rooms - Washing machine - TV and bi
22606	Beautiful typically parisian apartment just next from the Eiffel Tower in a very nice and chic street (rue de Passy).  Our place can fit for 7 people.  Very nice decoration.  The living room is very big and very nice.  You can have diner in the kitchen if you want. 	Beautiful par apartment just next from the Eiffel Tower in a very nice and chic street. Our place can fit for 7 people. Very nice decoration.  The living room is very big and very nice.  You can have diner in the kitchen if you want.  Beautiful typically parisian apartment just next from the Eiffel Tower in a very nice and chic street (rue de Passy).  Our place can fit for 7 people.  Very nice decoration.  The living room is very big and very nice.  You can have diner in the kitchen if you want.  You rent the entire flat.  double living room big kitchen 4 rooms (3 of them with queen/king size bed, one for kids) 2 bathrooms Someone will be there to welcome you and help you to discover the apartement.  You will find a book with all our tips to live like a parisian.  We live in the very upscale 16th arrondissement of Paris. It's next from almost everything and we have very trendy spots and restaurant around.  The eiffel Tower is 5 minutes by foot. We have a lovely it from the livingroom. 
22607	Immeuble Hausmanien Vue Tour Eiffel 	Cet appartement typique de la capitale parisienne permet de loger agréablement 4 personnes avec une chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon. Immeuble Hausmanien Vue Tour Eiffel  Trocadéro Passy Tour Eiffel Grand palais Petit palais Tour Montparnasse  Sacre cœur Cathédrale notre dame ... A chaque début et fin de séjour  Le calme et la tranquillité malgré la localisation en plein cœur de Paris Métro 6 et 9
22608	dans un pur style Haussmannien (parquet,moulures, cheminées) notre appartement familial  totalement rénové en 2012 dispose d'une vue superbe sur le haut de la tour Eiffel et à 5 minutes à pied du Trocadéro, et 5 minutes de la Seine et de la Tour Eiffel. Notre charmant appartement est situé dans un immeuble du 19ème siècle dans une rue très calme et sûre. Cet appartement plein de charme et de caractère est un endroit idéal pour découvrir Paris en couple, avec des amis ou en famille. L appartement peut accueillir 2 couples et 2 enfants et un bébé au total. Si vous visitez Paris en famille, vos enfants pourront utiliser les jeux et jouets. Ils disposeront de leur propre salle de bains.  	Charmant appartement familial style Haussmannien (parquet,moulures, cheminées) rénové en 2012. Vue sur la tour Eiffel et à 5 minutes à pied du Trocadéro. Cet appartement plein de charme et de caractère est un endroit idéal pour découvrir Paris dans un pur style Haussmannien (parquet,moulures, cheminées) notre appartement familial  totalement rénové en 2012 dispose d'une vue superbe sur le haut de la tour Eiffel et à 5 minutes à pied du Trocadéro, et 5 minutes de la Seine et de la Tour Eiffel. Notre charmant appartement est situé dans un immeuble du 19ème siècle dans une rue très calme et sûre. Cet appartement plein de charme et de caractère est un endroit idéal pour découvrir Paris en couple, avec des amis ou en famille. L appartement peut accueillir 2 couples et 2 enfants et un bébé au total. Si vous visitez Paris en famille, vos enfants pourront utiliser les jeux et jouets. Ils disposeront de leur propre salle de bains.   L’appartement est agencée avec   :  Une entrée avec un dressin
22609	idealement situé au metro Passy , lieu ideal pour visiter Paris	appartement chic et élégant situé dans un quartier résidentiel ,à seulement quelques minutes du trocadero et de la tour Eiffel , calme et ensoleillé . Deux canapés convertibles , une chambre avec deux lits , cuisine équipée ,  salle de bain WC,Wifi   idealement situé au metro Passy , lieu ideal pour visiter Paris les voyageurs auront accès à de nombreux sites touristiques à proximité ( trocadero, tour eiffel , bords de seine ...), commerces de la rue de passy .Parking payant à proximité  
22610		This charming and delightful 1 Bedroom, apartment is located closed to the Trocadero in the 16th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is fully equipped.
22611		Beautiful studio with balcony is very close to the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe and Trocadero Square,, in the circuit 16 luxurious area
22612	Bienvenue !!! Je vous propose un séjour dans ce grand studio de 33m2 pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 convives.  Totalement équipé (Internet Wifi, Tv, cuisine, salle de bain, WC...), nous ferons le possible pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible. 	    In the luxurious 16 district of Paris (100m by walk to Eiffel tower) this big studio (33m2) can comfortably sleep up to 4 guests, the kitchen is fully equiped. Supermarket, bus and subway at the foot of the mansion.      
22613	Double or tripple room in very nice house in comfort Paris 16 Close to Roland Garros, the Parc des Princes, Coubertin Stadium, Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Easily accessible by car, near the docks and peripheral bld, Extremely well connected: two lines of metro line 10 (St Michel, Odéon) and line 9 (Trocadero, Champs Elysees, department stores), three bus lines: 72 (Eiffel Tower, Orsay Museum, Louvre, Palais Royal), 22 (Trocadero Etoile, Galeries Lafayette). 35 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower Possible for another traveler : +17€ Tips: Possibility of parking in the yard (17 € / day) on reservation All restaurants. Take a walk in the evening on the Garigliano bridge (5 min), beautiful view of the docks and the Eiffel Tower sparkling with lights and battery hours. Near the Parc Andre Citroen to get on the	"Double or tripple room in very nice house in comfort Paris 16 Close to Roland Garros, the Parc des Princes, Coubertin Stadium, Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Easily accessible by car, near the docks and peripheral bld, Extremely well connected: two lines of metro line 10 (St Michel, Odéon) and line 9 (Trocadero, Champs Elysees, department stores), three bus lines: 72 (Eiffel Tower, Orsay Museum, Louvre, Palais Royal), 22 (Trocadero Etoile, Galeries Lafayette). 35 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower Possible for another traveler : +17€ Tips: Possibility of parking in the yard (17 € / day) on reservation All restaurants. Take a walk in the evening on the Garigliano bridge (5 min), beautiful view of the docks and the Eiffel Tower sparkling with lights and battery hours. Near the Parc Andre Citroen to get on the How to come: North station (41 mins) and Gare de l'Est (42 min): Metro: Line 4 (towards Mairie de Montrouge) until ""Strasbourg Saint Denis"" then line 9 (towards Pont d"
22614	Appartement ancien 	Appartement tout confort internet salle de bain  , entre les Champs Elysées et la Tour Eiffel  Très calme . Wifi  Sortie métro ligne 3 . Bus 52  Appartement ancien  Wifi  Place Victor hugo Ligne 2 sortie Victor Hugo 
22615	Très bien placé pour visiter Paris (à deux pas du Trocadero, Champs Elysées) ou pour atteindre rapidement la Défense, Issy les Moulineaux et le centre de Paris. Transports accessible (métro, bus, tramway). Le quartier, 16eme, est calme et à deux pas du bois de Boulogne.	Vous dormirez sur un lit 1 place dans une chambre calme sur jardin. Avec un bureau, un canapé, des rangements. Accès Wi-Fi. Très bien placé pour visiter Paris (à deux pas du Trocadero, Champs Elysées) ou pour atteindre rapidement la Défense, Issy les Moulineaux et le centre de Paris. Transports accessible (métro, bus, tramway). Le quartier, 16eme, est calme et à deux pas du bois de Boulogne. Cuisine / Salle de bain / WC. Je serai présente à l'accueil des voyageurs et à leur départ. Son calme, ses transports et l’accès rapide aux sites touristiques parisiens (visites, musés).  De plus tous les commerçants sont proches et les restaurants nombreux. L’accès au bois de Boulogne est à 5 mn à pied. Ligne 9 (exelmans-porte de saint cloud). PC. Tramway (à trois stations de bus). Ligne métro 10 pour aller au centre (Saint Germain). Ligne bus 72 qui longe la scène jusqu'à Hotel de Ville. L'appartement est typiquement parisien dans un quartier chic et sécurisé.
22616	The following hotel services are included in your stay: a welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, fresh bed linens and bath towels, toiletries, concierge services, complete cleaning before your arrival and after your departure, and weekly housekeeping for longer stays. It is also possible to arrange a housekeeper during your stay.  The place is utterly unique: the historic building  was constructed in the early twentieth century. It originally hosted artists’ studios, where priority was given to the need for light and open spaces. The apartment is on the second and last floor, laid out over three levels underneath large glass skylights. The contemporary decor combines industrial and baroque styles, creating an interesting character and ambiance.  The first level is dedicated to children, with two bedroom spaces, a bathroom and toilets. The first bedroom has bunk bed with an additional pull-out bed. The second room has a single bed and a smaller child size single bed (sleep	A former artist's studio, very spacious, in a residential area of Paris. Sleeps up to 8 people (4 children). Extremely quiet and bright. The following hotel services are included in your stay: a welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, fresh bed linens and bath towels, toiletries, concierge services, complete cleaning before your arrival and after your departure, and weekly housekeeping for longer stays. It is also possible to arrange a housekeeper during your stay.  The place is utterly unique: the historic building  was constructed in the early twentieth century. It originally hosted artists’ studios, where priority was given to the need for light and open spaces. The apartment is on the second and last floor, laid out over three levels underneath large glass skylights. The contemporary decor combines industrial and baroque styles, creating an interesting character and ambiance.  The first level is dedicated to children, with two bedroom spaces, a bathroom and toilets. Th
22617		Loue studio refait à neuf meublé idéal pour 2 ou seul dans le 16e arrondissement de Paris quartier chic (propriété privée) et bien desservi métro Ranelagh l9/bus 22/52 proche des champs élysées (10min) Oui si ils le désire ou si besoin J'aime la tranquillité, l'accessibilité, la fréquentation
22618		J'ai  une chambre très charmante a louer pour des vancancies et pour personnes d'affaires .
22619	The apartment is located in one of the best districts of Paris near the famous rue de Passy, close to all Paris by bus and metro (La Muette). La Muette area is one of the most chic Paris area with its beautiful shops, its elegant shopping street, fruit and vegetable vendors who offer products of exceptional quality, cafés and cosy restaurants, it is a pleasure always renewed to walk in this area where you will find anything you need or wish. The apartment is located in a very quiet street, on the 3rd floor of an elegant building with concierge. 	Pretty and quiet room in nice and sunny apartment in Paris Trocadero. Many shops and restaurants are closeby, buses and metro stations are 2 minutes away. Marble bathroom with shower is to share. Separate toilets. Beautiful living room.            The apartment is located in one of the best districts of Paris near the famous rue de Passy, close to all Paris by bus and metro (La Muette). La Muette area is one of the most chic Paris area with its beautiful shops, its elegant shopping street, fruit and vegetable vendors who offer products of exceptional quality, cafés and cosy restaurants, it is a pleasure always renewed to walk in this area where you will find anything you need or wish. The apartment is located in a very quiet street, on the 3rd floor of an elegant building with concierge. My guests have access to the kitchen if they want to make a meal or just heat a cup of tea, to the bathroom and toilets, and may, if they wish, come and relax in the living room. Sheets and towels are 
22620		Charming and confortable apartment, lightful, in an exceptionnal area: private street, in a 19th century house, with a view on a garden. Nice place 10 minutes away from Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées.
22621	L'appartement comporte une cuisine américaine, une salle de de séjour/chambre, une salle de bain et des toilettes indépendants. Il est très lumineux car il situé au 5ème étage et est exposé plein sud. La cuisine est entièrement équipée ( bouilloire, Nespresso, micro-ondes, vrai four, plaques de cuisson, frigo et lave-vaisselle). Vous pourrez ainsi cuisiner vos repas et prendre vos petits déjeuner. Le salon dispose d'un lit double et d'un canapé convertible (matelas épais). Les draps sont fournis.  L'appartement dispose du wifi et d'une télévision où une multitude de chaines est disponible (dont canal +). Dans la salle de bain il y a une douche, un lavabo, 2 serviettes/ voyageur, une machine a laver (planche et fer à repasser). Les WC sont indépendants.   	Charmant appartement clair et calme de 3Om2 idéalement situé à 5 min du Trocadero et 1O min de l'Arc de Triomphe.  L'appartement est situé sur une petite cour au 5ème étage plein sud. L'appartement comporte une cuisine américaine, une salle de de séjour/chambre, une salle de bain et des toilettes indépendants. Il est très lumineux car il situé au 5ème étage et est exposé plein sud. La cuisine est entièrement équipée ( bouilloire, Nespresso, micro-ondes, vrai four, plaques de cuisson, frigo et lave-vaisselle). Vous pourrez ainsi cuisiner vos repas et prendre vos petits déjeuner. Le salon dispose d'un lit double et d'un canapé convertible (matelas épais). Les draps sont fournis.  L'appartement dispose du wifi et d'une télévision où une multitude de chaines est disponible (dont canal +). Dans la salle de bain il y a une douche, un lavabo, 2 serviettes/ voyageur, une machine a laver (planche et fer à repasser). Les WC sont indépendants.   L'appartement se situe à la station Trocadero. Métr
22622		sublime studio refait à neuf situé entre la tour Eiffel et les Champs Elysées. Nous ferons en sorte que vous soyez chez nous comme chez vous.  Beautiful appartment in the heart of 16th district , just 5 minutes away from the Eiffel tower by walking
22623	Nice apartment of 57 m2 in one of the most luxury area of Paris. The apartment is 5 minutes’ walk from Trocadero and Champs Elysees, and 10 minutes’ walk from Eiffel Tower. The flat is also 2 minutes’ walk from the new luxury Peninsula hotel located avenue Kleber. This amazing apartment completely renovated 2 years ago contains: -An open kitchen fully equipped (fridge/freezer, owen/microwave, washing machine, toaster, Nespresso machine) -A living room with a big sofa and tables  -A dedicated place to have breakfast/lunch/dinner -An independent bedroom with a dressing -A bathroom with a bathtub/shower and a laundry machine -Independent restrooms -High speed WIFI (optical fiber) -Digicode/interphone -2 plasmas TV (1 in the living room and 1 in the bedroom) with more than 100 channels including many foreign channels. Towels and linens are provided. The apartment is on the 3rd floor with a lift. I am at your disposal during your trip for any help needed or questions. 	Nice apartment of 57 m2 in one of the most luxury area of Paris. The apartment is 5 minutes’ walk from Trocadero and Champs Elysees, and 10 minutes’ walk from Eiffel Tower. The flat is also 2 minutes’ walk from the new luxury Peninsula hotel located avenue Kleber. This amazing apartment completely renovated 2 years ago contains: -An open kitchen fully equipped (fridge/freezer, owen/microwave, washing machine, toaster, Nespresso machine) -A living room with a big sofa and tables  -A dedicated place to have breakfast/lunch/dinner -An independent bedroom with a dressing -A bathroom with a bathtub/shower and a laundry machine -Independent restrooms -High speed WIFI (optical fiber) -Digicode/interphone -2 plasmas TV (1 in the living room and 1 in the bedroom) with more than 100 channels including many foreign channels. Towels and linens are provided. The apartment is on the 3rd floor with a lift. I am at your disposal during your trip for any help needed or questions. 
22624	Appartement de 35 m2 ,2 pièces , kitchenette, salle d'eau .Idéalement situé,  près du Trocadéro et dans le quartier animé de Passy.Très lumineux. 6 étage ascenseur.	Wifi, tv cable, machine a laver.sechoir, fer a repasser.
22625	Séjournez dans ce charmant et confortable studio de 30m² à 5mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel et près des Champs Elysées. L'emplacement de ce studio est idéal; vous passez en quelques minutes de l'autre côté de la Seine sur la rive gauche de Paris. Les stations de métros Trocadéro (ligne 9) et Passy (ligne 6) sont proches ainsi que la boulangerie et le supermarché monoprix  et il y a une épicerie en face. Le studio est lumineux et joliment décoré dans un style parisien.  A votre disposition, un confortable canapé lit, table à manger et deux fauteuils, téléviseur, enceintes pour PC, machine à laver, réfrigérateur et congélateur, plaques vitro céramique, grille pain, four à micro-ondes et four grill. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche et est fonctionnelle. Je dispose d'une connection internet wifi.  L'appartement est au rez-de-chaussée et est protégé de la vue des passants.Contactez-moi pour que nous échangions! 	Séjournez dans ce charmant et confortable studio de 30m² à 5mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel et près des Champs Elysées. L'emplacement de ce studio est idéal; vous passez en quelques minutes de l'autre côté de la Seine sur la rive gauche de Paris. Les stations de métros Trocadéro (ligne 9) et Passy (ligne 6) sont proches ainsi que la boulangerie et le supermarché monoprix  et il y a une épicerie en face. Le studio est lumineux et joliment décoré dans un style parisien.  A votre disposition, un confortable canapé lit, table à manger et deux fauteuils, téléviseur, enceintes pour PC, machine à laver, réfrigérateur et congélateur, plaques vitro céramique, grille pain, four à micro-ondes et four grill. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche et est fonctionnelle. Je dispose d'une connection internet wifi.  L'appartement est au rez-de-chaussée et est protégé de la vue des passants.Contactez-moi pour que nous échangions! 
22626		This apartment with a modern decoration is just 7 minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower and you also can see it from here, is magic every night be able to see it shinning, the perfect combination: a glass of wine and an amazing view!
22627	We have loved transforming this historical appartement into a cosy place with design furniture. We wanted a friendly place where you feel confortable from the first minute : we hope you will! The apartment is a 1st floor, over a courtyard We hope you will enjoy our welcoming and quiet place , equipped with all the amenities: - your bedroom with its last century ceiling and floor - a large and comfortable bed - small fridge/freezer, kettle, desk,  - a living room with convertible sofa - fully -equipped open-kitchen with microvaves oven / oven / dish-washer / washing machine /Nespresso machine/ toaster, kettle, induction. dining table in the living room - small bathroom with a large italian-style shower - separated toilets - high speed wifi The apartment will be at your entire disposal except our bedroom	Spacious newly refurbished apartment in a the Haussman-style residential quarter (XVIe), 50sqm at disposal,  7 min walk from Palais des Congrès, Porte Maillot and park. Walking distance from Champs Elysées,  direct bus from Charles de Gaulle Airport. We have loved transforming this historical appartement into a cosy place with design furniture. We wanted a friendly place where you feel confortable from the first minute : we hope you will! The apartment is a 1st floor, over a courtyard We hope you will enjoy our welcoming and quiet place , equipped with all the amenities: - your bedroom with its last century ceiling and floor - a large and comfortable bed - small fridge/freezer, kettle, desk,  - a living room with convertible sofa - fully -equipped open-kitchen with microvaves oven / oven / dish-washer / washing machine /Nespresso machine/ toaster, kettle, induction. dining table in the living room - small bathroom with a large italian-style shower - separated toilets - high speed wifi 
22628	Cosy and luminous, the place is small but enough to rest. In the best area of Paris, very secure and clean.	Sixth floor without lift. Small flat in one of the best area of Paris, near Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées. Subway line 1 direct Louvre and C Separate room with a confortable double bed. Living room : a double convertible bed. Separate kitchen.
22629	Entièrement equipe de wifi, câble pour la TV international, home cinéma écran de 4 mètres de large. Machine à laver ,à sécher, robot ménager....full equipement	The ideal apartment for a family or large group wanting to explore Paris, based in the sought after and highly recommended 16th district - Trocadero. The apartment is very modern with a beautiful open plan kitchen and dinning area
22630	My listing is unique because it is very cosy, not too small, and not too big. It has everything you may need.	"A very nice studio of 50 square meters located in the 16th district of Paris, in Passy. It is 10 minutes walk from the Trocadero Square and the Eiffel Tower! Composed of two beds (2 seats each), a kitchen, a bathroom. My listing is unique because it is very cosy, not too small, and not too big. It has everything you may need. My guests have access to the whole apartment, the elevator, the stairs and the garden of the building. My neighborhood is lively during the day and very quite at night. It is close to every important place in Paris. There are many stores and shops 20 meters from my house. Métro ""Passy"" (ligne 6) Métro ""La Muette"" (ligne 9) Arrêt de Bus ""La Tour"" (ligne 22) Arrêt de Bus ""La Tour"" (ligne 32) Arrêt de Bus ""Jean Bologne"" (ligne 32) Arrêt de Bus ""La muette-Boulainvilliers"" (ligne 52) Arrêt de Bus ""Nicolo-Jean Richepin"" (ligne 52)"
22631	Idéal pour une ou plusieurs familles avec enfants. Appartement de 140m2, chambres toutes très vastes, chaque pièce ayant sa propre cheminée. 2 chambres adultes lits 1,80m avec surmatelas et 1,60m et deux chambres enfants, dont une avec deux petits lits et une autre avec un lit bebe une table a langer et un 3eme lit de 1,40m. Un air bed une place en plus si besoin. Beau balcon traversant la chambre parents et une partie du salon. Cuisine entièrement équipée. Four, micro ondes et lave vaisselle.  1 frigo, 2 congélateurs, et une cave à vins. Une salle de bains avec douche et wc, une autre avec baignoire et deux grandes vasques. Un wc indépendant. Jouets et chaise haute à disposition. A proximité de tous les commerces et restaurants, du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel dans un quartier tres chic et prisé du 16eme arrondissement de Paris. Animaux non admis.	A 5mn à pieds du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel!  4 grandes chambres dont une très belle suite parentale. Au 3ème étage appartement de 140m2 tres lumineux à 50m de la célèbre rue commerçante rue de Passy.    Airbed en plus dispo.  Parquet moulures cheminées dans chaque pièce! Idéal pour une ou plusieurs familles avec enfants. Appartement de 140m2, chambres toutes très vastes, chaque pièce ayant sa propre cheminée. 2 chambres adultes lits 1,80m avec surmatelas et 1,60m et deux chambres enfants, dont une avec deux petits lits et une autre avec un lit bebe une table a langer et un 3eme lit de 1,40m. Un air bed une place en plus si besoin. Beau balcon traversant la chambre parents et une partie du salon. Cuisine entièrement équipée. Four, micro ondes et lave vaisselle.  1 frigo, 2 congélateurs, et une cave à vins. Une salle de bains avec douche et wc, une autre avec baignoire et deux grandes vasques. Un wc indépendant. Jouets et chaise haute à disposition. A proximité de tous les commerces
22632	是我在巴黎的住处 巴黎租房子特别贵 房租负担不起 所以出去度假两周 短期转租出来弥补些损失 同时方便大家	Only for Chinese students or young people! 地处巴黎超级富人区16区  治安极好 楼下还有密码门 下楼就看见铁塔 走路过去10分钟公车2站 地铁直达香街10分钟  老佛爷 12分钟 去戴高乐机场rer C直接转rer B 超级方便  甚至去瑞恩航空的大巴port maillot 也就3分钟 要是你订了大清早的机票直接可以走过去 走10分钟有直达巴黎打折村的往返巴士 微valentine217  QQ号49。23。53。49。8 是我在巴黎的住处 巴黎租房子特别贵 房租负担不起 所以出去度假两周 短期转租出来弥补些损失 同时方便大家 只租给中国的学生或者来巴黎旅行的年轻人.  Only open for Chinese students or young people! Sorry！  Uniquement pour les étudiants chinois ou les jeunes chinois! Pardon! 这个房子地理位置极佳 巴黎最繁华市中心 去哪里都极其方便 地铁6号线 Rue de la pompe 或者 la muette RER C线 Avenue Henri Martin 地铁6号线 Trocadero 6层没电梯；同时入住需要支付全部费用；贵重物品较多，住房需要押金500欧支票，退房时退还。
22633	Le logement est un deux pièces comprenant une cuisine américaine, un canapé-lit, une salle de bains, un coin salle à manger, et un salon très sympathique. Il est très lumineux et offre une vue magnifique sur les immeubles du 16ème	The appartment is very bright, with a superb view on parisian buildings in the middle of the 16th district. It is modern, comfortable, spaceful, sunny, and well appointed. It is close to shops and metro. It can house up to four people. Le logement est un deux pièces comprenant une cuisine américaine, un canapé-lit, une salle de bains, un coin salle à manger, et un salon très sympathique. Il est très lumineux et offre une vue magnifique sur les immeubles du 16ème The district is one of the most beautiful in Paris. It is calm, wealthy, well frequented, clean, and all kinds of shops are there. Restaurants, supermarchés, supermarkets, bars, cafés, shops, ATB's, everything is close to the apartment. The closest metro stations to the apartment are the station Rue de la Pompe on line 9 (about 5 minutes walk) and the station Victor hugo on line 2 (about 10 minutes walk). There's also the RER C at the station Avenue Henri Martin (about 2 minutes walk). There are two buses that stop at Rue de la
22634	32 square meter 2nd floor very quiet: view on lovely courtyard (rare in Paris!) Living room area with design dining table TV (several chanels available) Internet high debit connexion Functional kitchen: toaster, oven/microwave, hot plates to cook, fridge, plates, glasses, cups, pans, frying pan... Bathroom, toilets, hairdryer towels, sheets provided	Sunny 3 big windows Quiet: view on a lovely courtyard: rare in Paris  2nd floor 32 square meters  Double bed  Ideal location: Eiffel Tower, restaurants, bakeries, supermarket, buses and 2 subways at 5 minutes walk. High debit internet  Safe buidling 32 square meter 2nd floor very quiet: view on lovely courtyard (rare in Paris!) Living room area with design dining table TV (several chanels available) Internet high debit connexion Functional kitchen: toaster, oven/microwave, hot plates to cook, fridge, plates, glasses, cups, pans, frying pan... Bathroom, toilets, hairdryer towels, sheets provided Kitchen functionalities, bathroom, toilets, towels, sheets, hairdryer, H24 housekeeper/concierge service... All described above Internet WIFI TV with multiple channels I will be available anytime by phone or email for any issues. I will give you necessary details about the appartement while confirming your stay. Prestigious location, at 5 minutes from Eiffel Tower, restaurants, coffees, park, ba
22635		Quartier exceptionnel, proche Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro et Champs Elysées, chambre tout confort pour 2 ou 1 personne. Métro : Trocadéro, Rue de la Pompe et Victor Hugo.
22636	Welcome to this artful and amazing apartment. The apartment consists of one wonderful bedroom for you to relax and enjoy, a lounge room for all your leisure activities with your friends and family, a kitchen with all the appliances you might need  to try the wonderful cuisine of this region and a bathroom with shower. In the Prestigious 16th Arrondissment, a stones throw away from Trocadero, and 15 min walk to Champs-Elysees and Etoile, with a very pleasant garden with all modern amenities.	Welcome to this artful and amazing apartment. The apartment consists of one wonderful bedroom for you to relax and enjoy, a lounge room for all your leisure activities with your friends and family, a kitchen with all the appliances you might need  to
22637	Appartement clair au 7eme étage avec balcon.  Vue Tour Eiffel et sacre cœur. Calme. 	Bonjour je partage une chambre dans mon appartement typiquement parisien au 7 eme étage.  Proche de monuments comme la Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro et bien d autres endroits agréables.  Commerces a proximité  Restaurants a proximité  Cinéma etc etc Appartement clair au 7eme étage avec balcon.  Vue Tour Eiffel et sacre cœur. Calme. Internet  Quartier Auteuil Passy  Centre commercial beaugrenelle de l autre  côté du pont a 5 Mns a pieds  RER  Bus  Métro  Station velib et autolib juste a côté 
22638	QUARTIER : Dans joli quartier résidentiel avec  des restaurants sympas, des commerces d’alimentation , des  magasins, des bus, un appartement de 120 m2 dans un immeuble en pierre de taille,  près d’un boulevard bordé de grands tilleuls. La particularité de ce logement, c'est le calme et les espaces verts. J’OFFRE : Une chambre  agréablement  meublé, équipée d'un lit pour 1 personne avec un bon matelas de couchage, un placard, un bureau, des étagères, des sièges.  Salle de douche, WC séparé, accès cuisine. Vous aurez en votre possession un jeu de clefs. Wifi accessible dans tout l'appartement. TRANSPORTS :  Grâce au métro et aux bus, vous visiterez aisément notre capitale et vous profiterez des charmes, de la culture et du romantisme de notre ville.  2 min   : métro Ranelagh ligne 9, bus (phone number hidden) min : Opéra, Champs Elysées, Musée d’Orsay  30 min : Bastille, Montmartre, Marais  20 min : Hall des expositions Porte de Versailles par le tramway >>les transports en commun de/à 	QUARTIER : Dans joli quartier résidentiel avec  des restaurants sympas, des commerces d’alimentation , des  magasins, des bus, un appartement de 120 m2 dans un immeuble en pierre de taille,  près d’un boulevard bordé de grands tilleuls. La particularité de ce logement, c'est le calme et les espaces verts. J’OFFRE : Une chambre  agréablement  meublé, équipée d'un lit pour 1 personne avec un bon matelas de couchage, un placard, un bureau, des étagères, des sièges.  Salle de douche, WC séparé, accès cuisine. Vous aurez en votre possession un jeu de clefs. Wifi accessible dans tout l'appartement. TRANSPORTS :  Grâce au métro et aux bus, vous visiterez aisément notre capitale et vous profiterez des charmes, de la culture et du romantisme de notre ville.  2 min   : métro Ranelagh ligne 9, bus (phone number hidden) min : Opéra, Champs Elysées, Musée d’Orsay  30 min : Bastille, Montmartre, Marais  20 min : Hall des expositions Porte de Versailles par le tramway >>les transports en commun de/à 
22639	My Home A 26 sq meter studio composed of an entry a big living room with a kitchen corner, a bathroom, and seperated toilets. At the 5th floor of a typical 16th District building with elevator and building manager. Housekeeping will be done every 3 days to your convenience.	Are you looking for a cosy studio in the heart of Paris ? Then, don't look any further, you found your match! In the heart of the 16th District, near the Eiffel Tower, Avenue Foch and the Arc de Triomphe, step into my home. My Home A 26 sq meter studio composed of an entry a big living room with a kitchen corner, a bathroom, and seperated toilets. At the 5th floor of a typical 16th District building with elevator and building manager. Housekeeping will be done every 3 days to your convenience. Free wifi, free housekeeping, body and hair product. As I will personally be on holidays my sister is going to be your main point of contact, do not hesitate to ask her anything. She is living in the same building so if you need anything feel free to drop by at anytime. The very safe area is full of supermarkets, restaurants, and shopping places.  Walk on the Avenue Foch 4 minutres away by foot or go admire the Eiffel Tower which is only 10 minutes away by walk. The Champs Elysées are only 20 min
22640		Bonjour et bienvenue chez moi. Mon appartement de 25m2 est lumineux et se trouve dans une résidence calme du 16ème arrondissement. Il a tout le confort qu'un voyageur souhaite trouver pour se reposer. N'hésitez pas à venir à Paris, Vous allez adorer.
22641	80M2 - very quiet with view on trees in a nice neighborhood with many tradi shops. 1 king size bed/ 2 single beds and 1 sofa for 6 people.  Close to the Bois de Boulogne/ the Roland Garos tennis place and many subway and bus lines 5 DAYS BOOKING MINIMUM	80M2 - very quiet with view on trees in a nice neighbourhood with many tradi shops. 1 king size bed/ 2 single beds and 1 sofa for 6 people.  Close to the Bois de Boulogne/ the Roland Garos tennis place and many subway and bus lines 80M2 - very quiet with view on trees in a nice neighborhood with many tradi shops. 1 king size bed/ 2 single beds and 1 sofa for 6 people.  Close to the Bois de Boulogne/ the Roland Garos tennis place and many subway and bus lines 5 DAYS BOOKING MINIMUM access to the entire appartment quiet, many nice shops, bois de boulogne for your jogging, The apartment is in the 16th district, a quiet and chic area. Many bus and subway stations to join any other district in Paris The apartment is available for a minimum length of 5 days
22642	"Stunning floating house on the Seine in Paris de 250 m2. (ample living space with 90 m2). Fascinating view (on the Statue of Liberty) with a south exposition. House with 2 accessible terraces since the lounge 4 bedrooms for 6-7 people (2 double bedrooms 1 with 2 single bed +1 single bedroom with shower), 2 bathrooms.  Wonderful contemporary interior, fully furnished (kitchen – fully equipped, laundry and so forth...), free WiFi, 4 TV (2 rooms, kitchen, bedroom). Contact by email and by phone.. Area of the ""Maison de la Radio"" with plenty of nice restaurants and cinemas (19 screen) – only 3 minutes walking. Original environment very close to the Eiffel Tower (6 minutes by RER C or bus) and next to the new Beaugrenelle shopping center (5 min walk – just need to cross the Seine). 3 Tube stations in a 5-6 min walking area - Bus to Châtelet and Notre Dame at 1 min. Access to the Château de Versailles in 15 minutes by RER. Access by car, RER C line, by Charles –Michel, Ranelagh or Mirabeau t"	"Real floatinghouse on the Seine with sizeable living space (250 sq. meters). Wonderfully spacious main living room (85 sq. meters) with large windows on 3 sides and plentiful natural light.  4 bedrooms for 6-7 people (2 double bedrooms 1 single bedroom and 1 en-suite single bedroom), 2 bathrooms Stunning floating house on the Seine in Paris de 250 m2. (ample living space with 90 m2). Fascinating view (on the Statue of Liberty) with a south exposition. House with 2 accessible terraces since the lounge 4 bedrooms for 6-7 people (2 double bedrooms 1 with 2 single bed +1 single bedroom with shower), 2 bathrooms.  Wonderful contemporary interior, fully furnished (kitchen – fully equipped, laundry and so forth...), free WiFi, 4 TV (2 rooms, kitchen, bedroom). Contact by email and by phone.. Area of the ""Maison de la Radio"" with plenty of nice restaurants and cinemas (19 screen) – only 3 minutes walking. Original environment very close to the Eiffel Tower (6 minutes by RER C or bus) and next "
22643	The apartment is around 62 square metres arranged over 2 floors. On the ground floor there is an open plan living room with a sofa bed that sleeps 2 and a fully equipped kitchen with washing machine.   There is a double bedroom with kingsize bed and an abundance of storage, a spiral staircase takes you down to further bedroom with twin beds and a shower room. The bedlinen is 400 thread count Egyptian cotton Towels are also provided The entire apartment is for your use.   I actually live in London where I own Kennington b & b  but my friend Stephanie or the concierge who lives in the building will greet you with keys and clean the apartment when you have left. If there are any queries you can speak to them or call me free of charge from the telephone in the apartment. Calm safe and chic neighbourhood. Plenty of local shops. There is a different food market every day of the week in the area. Of course this being Paris there is a Bakers and a Pharmacy on every corner. Roland Garros (where	Lovely 2 bedroom apartment which sleeps up to 5 guests in the 16th arrondissement. 63m sq.  Very quiet opens onto peaceful courtyard and is located less than a 1 minute walk to the metro and bus, meaning very easy access to the rest of Paris The apartment is around 62 square metres arranged over 2 floors. On the ground floor there is an open plan living room with a sofa bed that sleeps 2 and a fully equipped kitchen with washing machine.   There is a double bedroom with kingsize bed and an abundance of storage, a spiral staircase takes you down to further bedroom with twin beds and a shower room. The bedlinen is 400 thread count Egyptian cotton Towels are also provided The entire apartment is for your use.   I actually live in London where I own Kennington b & b  but my friend Stephanie or the concierge who lives in the building will greet you with keys and clean the apartment when you have left. If there are any queries you can speak to them or call me free of charge from the telephon
22644	The loft comprises a large living area with two smaller bedrooms. It can accommodate up to 6 people (ok) - 8 people (max) with the following beddings: - 1 king size bed (160cms) in BR1 - 2x - 2 single bunk beds (90cms) in BR2 - 2x - 1 queen size sofa-bed (140cms) in BR2 - 2x - 2 sofas in the living room, which are comfortable enough to sleep on - 2x Last floor is a private 100 m2 rooftop terrace with a magnificent view. The rooftop is fully equipped with a pergola, a sunbathing area with two sun loungers, a barbecue, an outdoor billiard / pool table. The terrace is 100% private: I own it and the only access is through the stairs inside the apartment. You will be the only ones to have access to it.	"What you see is what you get!  Superb 2 BR loft in an Art Deco building, in ""le 16th"", one of Paris premier neighborhoods. The loft comprises a large living area with two smaller bedrooms. It can accommodate up to 6 people (ok) - 8 people (max) with the following beddings: - 1 king size bed (160cms) in BR1 - 2x - 2 single bunk beds (90cms) in BR2 - 2x - 1 queen size sofa-bed (140cms) in BR2 - 2x - 2 sofas in the living room, which are comfortable enough to sleep on - 2x Last floor is a private 100 m2 rooftop terrace with a magnificent view. The rooftop is fully equipped with a pergola, a sunbathing area with two sun loungers, a barbecue, an outdoor billiard / pool table. The terrace is 100% private: I own it and the only access is through the stairs inside the apartment. You will be the only ones to have access to it. This is the apartment where I live, and which I am renting for short periods when my work requires me to be abroad. If on travel, the building concierge will gladly greet"
22645	Une studette pour 1 personne, une pièce principale de 13 m2 ( kitchenette, couchage 1 personne, penderie ), une salle d'eau de 3 m2 ( douche, lavabo, WC ). Dans une résidence de bon standing avec gardien & interphone, en rez de jardin, accès de plein pied au jardin intérieur.  Vous trouverez tous les équipements nécessaires à un agréable séjour.	Studette indépendante de 16 m2 pour 1 personne à Paris 16ème. Résidence de bon standing, gardien, rez de jardin, refaite à neuf, kitchenette, douche, lavabo, WC, banquette - lit, internet. Metro, bus et tous commerces à proximité. Une studette pour 1 personne, une pièce principale de 13 m2 ( kitchenette, couchage 1 personne, penderie ), une salle d'eau de 3 m2 ( douche, lavabo, WC ). Dans une résidence de bon standing avec gardien & interphone, en rez de jardin, accès de plein pied au jardin intérieur.  Vous trouverez tous les équipements nécessaires à un agréable séjour. Logement indépendant, tous les équipements mis à disposition pour le séjour. Ce n'est pas une chambre d'hôte, nous vous proposons cette studette pour un séjour parisien en toute autonomie, idéale pour les déplacements professionnels, les séjours touristiques, les manifestations sportives ou culturelles. Vous êtes le / la seul(e) occupant(e) du logement, nous habitons à 20 minutes environ de la studette, nous vous accu
22646		2 pieces 40m2 proche de la Porte de Saint-Cloud. Proche métro et commerces. 
22647	"Nice appartment perfectly situated in 16th ""arrondisement"" of Paris. Located near Rolland-Garros, Parc-de-Prince, Trocadero and Effeil Tower. There are traditionall french brewery - ""brasserie"", supermarket, florist, laundry, beauty salon and shops and shop for smokers within 100 m from the flat. On Tuesday, Thursdaynad Sunday you will be nicely suprised with french open air shop - ""marche"", where you can find the most frensh and tasty food by fermers. You will hace easy access to any of transport you need: metro and buses. It will take you 10 min from the nearest metro station - Exelmans on the 9th line - to get to Trocadero, , Franklin D. Roosevelt square, Effeil tower and Champs Elysee. Flat is situated on the first floor (streeet floor in french ""zero"" floor) on calm steet. There are bedroom and salon in the flat, kitchen, bathroom and toilet are separate. King-size bed and storage space are for you in bedroom. The salon gathers the dinning room function: there is table for 8 perso"	"Nice appartment perfectly situated in 16th ""arrondisement"" of Paris. Located near Rolland-Garros, Parc-de-Prince, Trocadero and Effeil Tower. There are traditionall french brewery - ""brasserie"", supermarket, florist, laundry, beauty salon and shops and shop for smokers within 100 m from the flat. On Tuesday, Thursdaynad Sunday you will be nicely suprised with french open air shop - ""marche"", where you can find the most frensh and tasty food by fermers. You will hace easy access to any of transport you need: metro and buses. It will take you 10 min from the nearest metro station - Exelmans on the 9th line - to get to Trocadero, , Franklin D. Roosevelt square, Effeil tower and Champs Elysee. Flat is situated on the first floor (streeet floor in french ""zero"" floor) on calm steet. There are bedroom and salon in the flat, kitchen, bathroom and toilet are separate. King-size bed and storage space are for you in bedroom. The salon gathers the dinning room function: there is table for 8 perso"
22648	Erg mooi appartement op de eerste verdieping tegenover de Tour Eiffel. Het appartement ligt in het 16de arrondissement van Parijs, in een goede woonwijk. Het appartement is gemeubileerd met antieke meubelen (Louis XVI-fauteuils, schilderijen, Empire-meubilair, Perzische tapijten, antieke kroonluchters..). In de buurt heeft u op minder dan een minuut afstand het mooie Palais de Chaillot; er liggen ook vele musea in de nabije omgeving zoals het Musée de l'Homme, het Marine-museum, Museum voor Moderne Kunst, het Modemuseum, het Wijnmuseum, Filmmuseum... U bevindt zich ook in de buurt van de belangrijkste bezienwaardigheden van deze lichtstad zoals de Champs Elysées, het Place de la Concorde, het Louvre, Petit Palais & Grand Palais....	Erg mooi appartement op de eerste verdieping tegenover de Tour Eiffel. Het appartement ligt in het 16de arrondissement van Parijs, in een goede woonwijk. Het appartement is gemeubileerd met antieke meubelen (Louis XVI-fauteuils, schilderijen, Empire-meubilair, Perzische tapijten, antieke kroonluchters..). In de buurt heeft u op minder dan een minuut afstand het mooie Palais de Chaillot; er liggen ook vele musea in de nabije omgeving zoals het Musée de l'Homme, het Marine-museum, Museum voor Moderne Kunst, het Modemuseum, het Wijnmuseum, Filmmuseum... U bevindt zich ook in de buurt van de belangrijkste bezienwaardigheden van deze lichtstad zoals de Champs Elysées, het Place de la Concorde, het Louvre, Petit Palais & Grand Palais....
22649	Logement lumineux et chaleureux, pièce principale traversante E/O. Chambres spacieuses. Tout en très bon état et très équipé.	Proche Tour Eiffel, sur lignes métro 9 et 10 (Invalides, Champs Elysées,Opéra, St Germain des Prés, ), accès pratique (30 minutes direct) au Château de Versailles, lumineux et calme 120 m2 entièrement refait et très bien équipé. 3 chb, 2 SdB. Logement lumineux et chaleureux, pièce principale traversante E/O. Chambres spacieuses. Tout en très bon état et très équipé. Location du logement entier. Quartier très agréable, commerçant et très bien relié à beaucoup de sites dans Paris. Métro à moins de 5 minutes, bus directement en bas de l'immeuble ou à 5 minutes à pied. RER à 5 minutes à pied.
22650	The appartment is fully equiped to let you enjoy an exceptionnel stay in the heart of Paris. You will enjoy all the accomodations with a lovely kitchen in which you could cook as you were in yours. You will enjoy the amazing view of the Eiffel Tour just in front of the Seine with boats crossing the river making your stay unforgottable. 	Charming flat in the center of prestigious 16th district just moments away from the main Paris attraction: Eiffel tower, Champs de Mars or la Seine river. You will enjoy your stay in this lovely area with many options to discover and embrace The appartment is fully equiped to let you enjoy an exceptionnel stay in the heart of Paris. You will enjoy all the accomodations with a lovely kitchen in which you could cook as you were in yours. You will enjoy the amazing view of the Eiffel Tour just in front of the Seine with boats crossing the river making your stay unforgottable.  With few second from the metro number 10 and 9, and 3 different bus lines (22, 62, 72) just in front of the building, you could have access to the heart of Paris (Louvre, Rivoli, Opera, Eiffel Tour, Champs Elysée, Chatelet..) in just 15 to 20 minutes.  I am fully available to give you all the information and advices you need to make your stay in the city the most convinient.  Metro lines number 9 and 10 Bus lines nu
22651		Studio 30m , quatre grandes fenêtres, cuisine équipée avec espace dinatoire, salon/chambre, salle de bains .Petite entrée. Descriptif des équipements: Cuisine: table, quatre tabourets, micro-ondes, lave linge/sèche linge, réfrigérateur/congélateur, c
22652		C est un beau 2 pièces de 60 m2 totalement rénové, cuisine tout équipée, moderne et à l américaine donnant sur beau séjour ( écran plat, lecteur dvd, wifi) avec balcon. une tres belle et spacieuse chambre , belle salle de bains et grand dressing.
22653	Very nice little independent bedroom of 14m² including a charming bathroom. The room is located at the groundfloor of a chic building. 1 minute far from the Trocadero, this is ideal for a touristic lover week-end or a professional stay.	Nice studio located at the ground floor of a chic building, 100 meters far from the Trocadéro and very close to the main touristic attractions of Paris: Tour Eiffel, Etoile, Champs Elysées.  Very nice little independent bedroom of 14m² including a charming bathroom. The room is located at the groundfloor of a chic building. 1 minute far from the Trocadero, this is ideal for a touristic lover week-end or a professional stay. We supply: - towels - sheets (bed is prepared) - shower gel + shampoo - what is necessary for a coffee + an orange juice We are living a few floors above in the same building. We are easily available for the traveller if necessay. The neighborhood is full of advantages: - all main shops are located less than 50m: bakery, superette, coffee shop, bank, post, wine shop - near the famous market of the Président Wilson Avenue (5 minutes) - near many restaurants and bars - walking distance from the main touristic points: Trocadero (2 minutes), Tour Eiffel (7 minutes), Cha
22654		APPARTEMENT T3 LUMINEUX 16E. 51 M2 5MN PARC PERRINE ET QUAI DE SEYNE. PROXIMITE BOIS DE BOULOGNE. IDÉAL COUPLE + 1 ENFANT (2 CHAMBRES : UN GRAND LIT, L'AUTRE CHAMBRE D'ENFANT AVEC LIT JUSQU'A 4 ANS). POSSIBILITE MATELAS AU SOL. TOUT CONFORT. 5E ETAGE
22655	It is a fully equipped studio with a beautiful wooden kitchen overlooking the street. It's quiet. I answer to people with a profile and photo with verifications Refrigerator, microwave oven, induction hob, dishwasher, washing machine, internet, television, closet for food, dryer, toaster Towels and sheets provided I answer to all demand quickly Thank you for respect the neighborhood The apartment is located between Boulogne and Paris 16ème just 2 minutes walk. This is a residential area with a bakery in 1 minute walk, a supermarket and a pharmacy. In addition, Porte de Saint Cloud area has several restaurants for a drink or eat.	It's a 35m² studio with balcony located in a quiet area just 5 minutes walk from Porte de Saint Cloud métro. The apartment is 15 minutes from the Trocadero, the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysees. 30 minutes from the Latin Quarter and Notre Dame It is a fully equipped studio with a beautiful wooden kitchen overlooking the street. It's quiet. I answer to people with a profile and photo with verifications Refrigerator, microwave oven, induction hob, dishwasher, washing machine, internet, television, closet for food, dryer, toaster Towels and sheets provided I answer to all demand quickly Thank you for respect the neighborhood The apartment is located between Boulogne and Paris 16ème just 2 minutes walk. This is a residential area with a bakery in 1 minute walk, a supermarket and a pharmacy. In addition, Porte de Saint Cloud area has several restaurants for a drink or eat. The metro is just 5 minutes walk from the Porte de Saint Cloud (Metro Line 9), which is located in Paris 16th. I ans
22656	My 2 rooms apartment is located in a safe and quite area of the 16th arrondissement of Paris. It is a 56 sqm comfortable and fully-equipped apartment. It's composed with one bed room,a living room (dining room), a bathroom (with bath tube), toilet and a full equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, washing machine, toaster,Nespresso machine...) A high quality bed- sofa in the living room make the apartment up to 4 persons, perfect for a family or 2 couples.	2 rooms apartment between Eiffel-tower and Champs-Elysées for 4p in the best district to visit Paris. Near the metro, bus and the shuttle to airports, my  apartment is ideal for tourist or professional stay. My 2 rooms apartment is located in a safe and quite area of the 16th arrondissement of Paris. It is a 56 sqm comfortable and fully-equipped apartment. It's composed with one bed room,a living room (dining room), a bathroom (with bath tube), toilet and a full equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, washing machine, toaster,Nespresso machine...) A high quality bed- sofa in the living room make the apartment up to 4 persons, perfect for a family or 2 couples. You will have access to all the apartment. I will welcome you at the apartment and the keys and some tips about the neighbourhood. Regarding the neighbourhood, you'll find bakeries, patisserie, restaurants, cafés, supermarkets opened at night (11pm) and an open market on Wednesday and Saturday morning. Walking distance to landmark att
22657	Studio d'une pièce avec un coin cuisine possédant une grande terrasse pour profiter des déjeuner à l’extérieur. Il peut y accueillir 2 personnes. Situé dans un quartier agréable (Paris 16 ème ). Il est à proximité de nombreux sites touristiques (Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées, Notre Dame...)	Petit studio douillet d'une pièce avec une grande terrasse pour profiter des déjeuner a l'extérieur. peut accueillir deux personnes et est situé dans un quartier très calme et apaisant. A 15 min de marche la Tour Eiffel.  Studio d'une pièce avec un coin cuisine possédant une grande terrasse pour profiter des déjeuner à l’extérieur. Il peut y accueillir 2 personnes. Situé dans un quartier agréable (Paris 16 ème ). Il est à proximité de nombreux sites touristiques (Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées, Notre Dame...) RER C à 5 min de marche accès direct à la Tour Eiffel. Metro Ligne 10 à 3 min de marche accès direct à la Cathédrale Notre Dame. Metro  Ligne 9 à 7 min accès direct aux Champs Elysées  Nous pourrons échanger via le site AIRBNB. Promenade dans le sud du 16ème arrondissement : le « Village d’Auteuil ». Dans une ambiance cossue mais charmante, découvrez l’atmosphère de ce petit village parisien, ses espaces verts, ses rues calmes et fleuries, ses villas privées, et son exceptionnelle ar
22658	A nice and confortable studio located from steps to the Eiffel Tower and along the river Seine. It is located in the 1st floor without elevator of a building full of charm. It can accomodate up to 2 persons. It has a big room with 2 single beds or a double bed , a dining room area, a confortable sofa. The kitchen is separated and totaly equipped. There is a separated bathroom with a bathtub. You will easily find near the apartment a good bakerie, supermarkets, restaurants,chemists, etc....that you may need during your stay. 	A nice and confortable studio located from steps to the Eiffel Tower and along the river Seine. It is located in the 1st floor without elevator of a building full of charm. It can accomodate up to 2 persons. It has a big room with 2 single beds or a double bed , a dining room area, a confortable sofa. The kitchen is separated and totaly equipped. There is a separated bathroom with a bathtub. You will easily find near the apartment a good bakerie, supermarkets, restaurants,chemists, etc....that you may need during your stay.  At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat. If you check in on sunday, holidays or after 8PM, you will have to pay an additional fee of 50€ for your welcoming in the apartment. There is no arrival after 11pm at the apartment.
22659		The studio is located in a very quiet place in Paris 16ème and is 10 min to Eiffel Tower and 15 min to Champs Elysees. It is fully equipped and has a very nice terrace.
22660	Situé dans un emplacement charmant au cœur du 16 éme, cet appartement a un look typiquement parisien : hauteur sous plafond, moulures, bibliothèque intégrée ... Nous avons subi un dégâts des eaux le mois dernier, le plafond est un peu abîmé (cf photo).	Situé dans une charmante impasse, l’appartement est situé au 4éme étage sans ascenseur. Il est à 1 minute du métro Michel Ange Auteuil et de tous les commerces de proximités. Idéalement situé, vous pourrez profiter du calme du 16 éme arrondissement. Situé dans un emplacement charmant au cœur du 16 éme, cet appartement a un look typiquement parisien : hauteur sous plafond, moulures, bibliothèque intégrée ... Nous avons subi un dégâts des eaux le mois dernier, le plafond est un peu abîmé (cf photo).
22661	15 minutes' walk to Eiffel Tower, 15 minutes' subway to Champs-Elysées, very safe district, just beside the exit of metro. 	Hi Spacieux studio just beside the exit of metro Jasmin Line 9. Well equiped with a kitchen and a washroom with a bathtub! Comfortable sofa bed for 2, fridge,microwave, toaster, comfortable appartement of 20 m2. Within 30 minutes for most monuments. 15 minutes' walk to Eiffel Tower, 15 minutes' subway to Champs-Elysées, very safe district, just beside the exit of metro.  A telephone to call the telephone fix of more than 100 countries for free, free wifi By phone,  mail, in person  Very noble and safe district with decent, well-dressed people around. Traditional commerce at proximity: bakery,fish shop,butcher' ect just at the exit of line 9 station jasmin The studio is in the 6th floor without elevator. Check in at 19.00 pm or later during weekdays.  Le studio est au 6em étage sans ascenseur. Le check in est à partir de 19h00 du lundi au vendredi.
22662	Mon appartement est un petit T2 très agréable lumineux avec 4 Velux .  Vous trouverez une petite chambre avec un lit double (une partie des murs de la chambre est abimé mais n'y faites pas attention ce sera bientôt réparé, cest toutefois embêtant du côté esthétique).  Il y a également un coin salon avec quelques rangements pour vos affaires ainsi qu'une cuisine bien équipée (four, plaques, grand frigo et congélateur sans oublier une table escamotable pour deux personnes) Attention au lave-vaisselle il ne fonctionne plus Concernant la salle de bain, vous ne vous y sentirez pas à l'étroit, elle est assez spacieuse. Elle dispose d'une douche, WC, lavabo et lave-linge. Bref vous y trouverez de quoi passer un agréable moment ;)	Appartement 25m2, tout équipé, proche ligne métro ( 9 et 10) et RER C. A proximité également d'espaces verts : bois de Boulogne, parc de l'île saint Germain mais aussi de Roland Garros et le Parc des Princes  Mon appartement est situé au 1er étage sous mansarde Mon appartement est un petit T2 très agréable lumineux avec 4 Velux .  Vous trouverez une petite chambre avec un lit double (une partie des murs de la chambre est abimé mais n'y faites pas attention ce sera bientôt réparé, cest toutefois embêtant du côté esthétique).  Il y a également un coin salon avec quelques rangements pour vos affaires ainsi qu'une cuisine bien équipée (four, plaques, grand frigo et congélateur sans oublier une table escamotable pour deux personnes) Attention au lave-vaisselle il ne fonctionne plus Concernant la salle de bain, vous ne vous y sentirez pas à l'étroit, elle est assez spacieuse. Elle dispose d'une douche, WC, lavabo et lave-linge. Bref vous y trouverez de quoi passer un agréable moment ;) Accès
22663	Located on the 2nd floor of a very safe building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code an intercom and another code in the lift. The apartment has windows overlooking the street and windows overlooking a courtyard planted with trees on the back side of the building. It is very bright and you will have light all day, wether it is in the bedroom in the morning or in the living-room in the afternoon ! The apartment also has a 10sqm balcony. 	Elegant 2-bedroom 90sqm apartment with a 10sqm balcony to rent in the sophisticated 16th district. Close to the metro and buses, this apartment is lovely and very comfortable. Located on the 2nd floor of a very safe building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code an intercom and another code in the lift. The apartment has windows overlooking the street and windows overlooking a courtyard planted with trees on the back side of the building. It is very bright and you will have light all day, wether it is in the bedroom in the morning or in the living-room in the afternoon ! The apartment also has a 10sqm balcony. This lovely 90sqm apartment has two bedrooms and can sleep up to six guests. The entrance gives on a corridor that leads to the bedrooms and bathrooms side facing east and to the living-room and kitchen facing west. The main room is lovely and comfortable. It is spacious, divided in two areas. The living-room area with a sofabed (two people, 140x190) and seve
22664	A nice clean and cosy 35 m2 flat in a 1920 typical building, 6th floor with elevator, no building face-viewing, clear view on Paris rooftops, calm and bright, with large screen TV and Wi-Fi connection, brand-new sofa (2014), modern bathroom, small balcony, etc.	 Romantic and cosy flat in Paris' smartest district (16e). Nearby : Roland Garros, Parc des Princes (PSG), Stade Jean Bouin (Rugby), Bois de Boulogne (Horse races).All shops down the building + a typical market with fresh products !             A nice clean and cosy 35 m2 flat in a 1920 typical building, 6th floor with elevator, no building face-viewing, clear view on Paris rooftops, calm and bright, with large screen TV and Wi-Fi connection, brand-new sofa (2014), modern bathroom, small balcony, etc. Travelers wil have access to my books (mostly about art, music and history, a few of them are in English) and to my DVDs. The flat is 20-25 mn far from the Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysées by bus.  If you like sports, it will take you 10 mn to reach Roland Garros or the Parc des Princes by foot. It's easy to reach Chateau de Versailles as well with Line C. All shops down the building + a typical market with fresh products ! Bus : 72, 22, PC Metro : Line 9, Line 10, RER C Taxi : (email hidd
22665		2 bedroom apartment available for 1 week. Walking distance to the Eiffel tower, apartment situated in a lovely quite are with plenty of restaurants and bars. Deposit required,will be returned after expection.Metro/Bus 5 mins walk.
22666	Small Moroccan atmosphere just 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. By the space given to it and also thanks to its layout , the apartment gives birth to true comfort and a warm atmosphere. 	47 square meters which can accommodate 4 people in a true comfort. The apartment is located in the south of the 16th , which is a quiet neighborhood but 20 minutes from all the hot areas of Paris to go out.  Small Moroccan atmosphere just 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. By the space given to it and also thanks to its layout , the apartment gives birth to true comfort and a warm atmosphere. Travelers will have access to the entire apartment : the living room and the bedroom ; including water and kitchen room. They will also have access to a large majority of storage unless a closet which will indicate that you should not touch it. Sheets and two blankets will be available to travelers. The neighborhood is alive whether day or night . There are 3 bakeries within a radius of less than 200m from the apartment ; including one open on Sundays. There are also several shops in the neighborhood (supermarkets, deli , catering , shops, fast food restaurants, bars ) . You can find restaurants an
22667	The apartment has beautiful high ceilings and windows, putting you in a Parisian atmosphere immediately, filled with light. As you enter the apartment, you will see a wide open living  space for everyone to relax and spread out!	This luxurious spacious and cozy 5 bedroom duplex apartment is located in the very prestigious 16th area of Paris. The apartment has beautiful high ceilings and windows, putting you in a Parisian atmosphere immediately, filled with light. As you enter the apartment, you will see a wide open living  space for everyone to relax and spread out! The open kitchen is fully equipped with a clothes washer, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, oven/microwave combination unit, Nespresso machine, coffee machine, tea kettle, and basic cooking supplies for your stay (coffee, salt, pepper, sugar, etc.). The kitchen also has all the cleaning supplies you’ll need, including laundry detergent. A 2 min walk to the Seine river, Radio France and many small neighborhood gardens for children to play.  There has just recently been built a new shopping centre called Beaugrenelle with shops and movies, and restaurants just across the bridge as well, all just a 7 min walk away.   If you did not find enough shoppi
22668		Appartement des années 30 de 5 pièces (dont trois chambres et un grand séjour). Placé dans un quartier très privilégié (le village d'Auteuil) dans une rue très calme. Tous commerces à proximité. Idéal pour découvrir Paris en famille.       
22669		Loue appartement de charme deux chambres, 4 pièces. 70 m2 très bien situé entre Trocadéro et Boissière.  Proche du Palais de Tokyo, musée d'art moderne, Musée Guimet. Tour Eiffel. Très calme. Lumineux et rénové. A proximité du Bois de Boulogne. 
22670	available For LONG STAY  (minimum 1 month, maximum ...months) On the line 9, 2mn walking from the station Exelmans, rent for your holidays a nice and typical 50/60's parisian appt ! 1 seperate and quiet room, bathroom, full equiped kitchen free internet access, WIFI, phone, TV in the lounge 2 supermarkets, restaurants, shops and Bio market in 2 mn from the building On resquest, Classic car with driver (myself!) is available for free for your arrival or departure to the airport.(only for long stay) With the line 9, you can reach Paris-center at République in 30mn from Exelmans.	available For LONG STAY  (minimum 1 month, maximum ...months) On the line 9, 2mn walking from the station Exelmans, rent for your holidays a nice and typical 50/60's parisian appt ! 1 seperate and quiet room, bathroom, full equiped kitchen free internet access, WIFI, phone, TV in the lounge 2 supermarkets, restaurants, shops and Bio market in 2 mn from the building On resquest, Classic car with driver (myself!) is available for free for your arrival or departure to the airport.(only for long stay) With the line 9, you can reach Paris-center at République in 30mn from Exelmans. Quiet, resdential aera  line 9, station Exelmans
22671	Jolie 52m2, 1 chambre, 1 salon canapé lit (très confortable), 1salle de bain avec baignoire, 1 cuisine équipée. Bref le paradis pour un séjour parisien en famille ou en amoureux ! Vue Tour Eiffel.	Pretty 52m2 , 1 bedroom , 1 sofa bed lounge ( very comfortable) , 1 bathroom with bath, 1 kitchen . In short a paradise for a Parisian stay with family or lovers! Eiffel Tower view . Jolie 52m2, 1 chambre, 1 salon canapé lit (très confortable), 1salle de bain avec baignoire, 1 cuisine équipée. Bref le paradis pour un séjour parisien en famille ou en amoureux ! Vue Tour Eiffel. Tout l'appartement Metro ligne 9 Arrêt Jasmin Bus 52, Bus 72
22672		Beau appartement ensoleillé, chaleureux et propre avec une vue sur la Seine , la statue de la liberté et la Tour Eiffel ,ou 5 eme étage avec ascenseur, 55m2 pouvant accueillir 2 à 4 personnes , a 10mn a pied de la Tour Eiffel et proche du métro Passy, RER, BUS pratique
22673	Come and stay at our large, tastefully decorated studio apartment available in Paris' highly sought after 16th arrondisement. This is a trendy right bank neighbourhood just minutes away from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, flanked by cute little bistros, an open market and in close proximity to transportation. This is a great apartment in a great location.  The flat is located in a quintessentially parisian, Hausmmanian building.  It is well-maintained, secure and has a dynamic concierge at your disposal.  The apartment measures 44m2, is on the ground floor with windows facing a quiet garden courtyard. The apartment has been recently renovated, has loads of storage space and fantastic high ceilings. The rental price includes all utilities, heating, electricity, cable television and wifi connection.  	Come and stay at our large, tastefully decorated studio apartment available in Paris' highly sought after 16th arrondisement. This is a trendy right bank neighbourhood just minutes away from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, flanked by cute little bistros, an open market and in close proximity to transportation. This is a great apartment in a great location.  The flat is located in a quintessentially parisian, Hausmmanian building.  It is well-maintained, secure and has a dynamic concierge at your disposal.  The apartment measures 44m2, is on the ground floor with windows facing a quiet garden courtyard. The apartment has been recently renovated, has loads of storage space and fantastic high ceilings. The rental price includes all utilities, heating, electricity, cable television and wifi connection.  
22674	Small Appartment in Paris 16, close to Metro Exelmans, Roland Garros. My apartment is a fully renovated, small studio for 2 persons. It is fully equipped, in particular offering a flat-screen TV, a kitchen with dishwasher, microwave oven,  and a comfortable bathroom. There is a double bed (140x200cm ) . It is located on the ground floor, looking out onto a nice and quiet inner court with green plants. The apartment is non-smoking. The bed is accessible by a scale. The neighbourhood is very quiet, close to Roland Garros (15 min walk). All commodities are accessible by walking distance (5 min supermarket, 1 min for a good French bakery).	Small Appartment in Paris 16, close to Metro Exelmans, Roland Garros. My apartment is a fully renovated, small studio for 2 persons. It is fully equipped, in particular offering a flat-screen TV, a kitchen with dishwasher, microwave oven,  and a comfortable bathroom. There is a double bed (140x200cm ) . It is located on the ground floor, looking out onto a nice and quiet inner court with green plants. The apartment is non-smoking. The bed is accessible by a scale. The neighbourhood is very quiet, close to Roland Garros (15 min walk). All commodities are accessible by walking distance (5 min supermarket, 1 min for a good French bakery).
22675	High ceiling, 5th floor with no building in front of it , 125sqm with large rooms and plenty of space to rest after a long walk in Paris'street and museums 	Available in late april 2015. Our apartment is located in a 30's building, typical of Paris housing, 3 minutes away from Ranelagh metro station.  On the 5th floor with no building in front of us, we enjoy great view and daylight. High ceiling, 5th floor with no building in front of it , 125sqm with large rooms and plenty of space to rest after a long walk in Paris'street and museums Musée Marmottan, Jardin du Ranelagh, Eiffel Tower, Bois de Boulogne, Passy shopping street are all at walking distance from our place the neighborhood is very quiet, so parisian and high quality convenience stores for your daily shopping are 2 minutes away from our place. Outstanding pastries, bread, butcher, fruit and vegetables, cheeses and wine to your door step metro Ranelagh is 3 minutes away from our place
22676	Ground floor in a very nice residence. nice and quiet, sunny and cosy, recently renovated, modern flat which will be like a castle for 2, nice for 4 and could suits for 5-6 also but only if the 2 more people are children.	Ground floor in a very nice residence. nice and quiet, sunny and cosy, recently renovated, modern flat which will be like a castle for 2, nice for 4 and could suits for 5-6 also but only if the 2 more people are children.
22677		Au 6eme et dernier étage d un immeuble en pierre de taille de 1894. Très beau 2 pièces ouvert sur une terrasse de 12m2 orientée plein ouest. Se compose d un grand séjour, une cuisine indépendante équipée. 1 chambre spacieuse, 1 salle de douche, 1 WC indépendant.  Ascenseur  Ascenseur 
22678	Appartement 2 pièces se composant d'une entrée, d'une salle à manger, d'une salle de douche et son lavabo, toutes les convenance nécéssaire pour une vie harmonieuse, une cuisine tout équipée, un séjour composé : de son canapé lit double place et sa baie vitrée coulissante et une climatisation rafraichissante pour les nuits chaude, aussi sa chambre calme et en retrait du salon par une porte en verre opaque coulissante un grand lit vous y attend, et bien sur les toilettes séparée.	Paisible havre de paix proche du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel cet appartement design dans un immeuble standing pratiquement sur les quais avec cette vue sur la seine et la Tour Eiffel les bateaux mouche défilent sur le long des berges. Appartement 2 pièces se composant d'une entrée, d'une salle à manger, d'une salle de douche et son lavabo, toutes les convenance nécéssaire pour une vie harmonieuse, une cuisine tout équipée, un séjour composé : de son canapé lit double place et sa baie vitrée coulissante et une climatisation rafraichissante pour les nuits chaude, aussi sa chambre calme et en retrait du salon par une porte en verre opaque coulissante un grand lit vous y attend, et bien sur les toilettes séparée. Concernant les transports par le métro à 5 mn de PASSY et à 1 Heure ,sans bouchon en taxi ou chauffeur, des Aéroports. Un portail design en fer forgé vous accueil en tout sécurité par code d’accès ensuite l'interphone avant de rentrer dans l'immeuble. Pour quoi que ce soit je r
22679	Our apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a building. It is 69 m2. It consists of: - A large entrance hall, a kitchen (electric cooker with ceramic hob, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker, kettle) kitchen - A living room with sofa, TV, home theater, dining table, -of a first bedroom with a double bed - A second bedroom with a cot, changing table and a double sofa-bed with a good mattress - A bathroom with bathtub -. Separate toilet 	Our flat is located near the Eiffel Tower. It is for 4 people. There is two bedrooms. Our apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a building. It is 69 m2. It consists of: - A large entrance hall, a kitchen (electric cooker with ceramic hob, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker, kettle) kitchen - A living room with sofa, TV, home theater, dining table, -of a first bedroom with a double bed - A second bedroom with a cot, changing table and a double sofa-bed with a good mattress - A bathroom with bathtub -. Separate toilet 
22680		Studio de 14m2 idéalement placé entre les stations Michel Ange Auteuil et Michel Ange Molitor (lignes 9 et 10), avec une pièce à vivre, une salle de bain et une kitchenette.  Le quartier est calme, avec de nombreux commerçants.
22681	The building is equipped of elavator and there is a security code to enter in the building. All the apartment has a double glazed window facing street. It's one bedroom apartment decorated with taste. The living room is spacious, there is a sofa bed, a flat screen, dining table which can convertible in coffee table. The living room has an opening on the balcony. The kitchen is an american kitchen, so is open on the living room. It's completly equipped that's mean: Washing Machine, Dish washer, all kitchen ustensiles, coffee machine, Kettel, vitroceramic, micro-wave. The bedroom is composed of one double bed, a big closet. The bedroom is opened on the balcony. The bathroom is closed to the bedroom, there is toilets, bath and washstand.	The apartment is on the heart of the 16 th, It's one bedroom apartement, completly equipped in a modern building with elavator. The apartment is tastefully decorated ! The building is equipped of elavator and there is a security code to enter in the building. All the apartment has a double glazed window facing street. It's one bedroom apartment decorated with taste. The living room is spacious, there is a sofa bed, a flat screen, dining table which can convertible in coffee table. The living room has an opening on the balcony. The kitchen is an american kitchen, so is open on the living room. It's completly equipped that's mean: Washing Machine, Dish washer, all kitchen ustensiles, coffee machine, Kettel, vitroceramic, micro-wave. The bedroom is composed of one double bed, a big closet. The bedroom is opened on the balcony. The bathroom is closed to the bedroom, there is toilets, bath and washstand. In the heart of 16th arrondissement of Paris, near Park des Expositions at Porte de Ver
22682	2 double bed room apartment of 915 sq ft (capacity 6 persons) with an Oriental and modern style, ideally located in Paris. The rooms are  equiped with a double bed and a big Tv with cable & DVD player (more than 200 channels), with a stereo, a desk and a big closet. Courtyard or street view. Bed linen and towels are provided The District is chic and the appartment is 2 steps away from public transportation (Taxi, Metro, Bus) and many shops and restaurants. The bathroom has a bath and a spacious shower an dis equiped with a blow dryer. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, fridge, ceramic hob) and the rest of the apartment is equiped too (washing machine and dryer). Wifi available The apartment has a large leaving room with a giant movie theater screen and a large sofa. it feels like going to the movies! Ideal to relax after a hard day's work .. It also has cable TV, DVD player, Stereo, computer and a library. I had the opportunity to welcome people and it's always great. I'd love 	Beautiful appartment, 2 rooms (4 persons) well situated and close to touristic areas (Eiffel Tower) 2 double bed room apartment of 915 sq ft (capacity 6 persons) with an Oriental and modern style, ideally located in Paris. The rooms are  equiped with a double bed and a big Tv with cable & DVD player (more than 200 channels), with a stereo, a desk and a big closet. Courtyard or street view. Bed linen and towels are provided The District is chic and the appartment is 2 steps away from public transportation (Taxi, Metro, Bus) and many shops and restaurants. The bathroom has a bath and a spacious shower an dis equiped with a blow dryer. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, fridge, ceramic hob) and the rest of the apartment is equiped too (washing machine and dryer). Wifi available The apartment has a large leaving room with a giant movie theater screen and a large sofa. it feels like going to the movies! Ideal to relax after a hard day's work .. It also has cable TV, DVD player, Ster
22683	My apartment is located in the 16th district (west Paris) in a residential quiet area.  You'll be charmed by the lovely paved yard (classified as a historical patrimony of the city).  Not far from the Eiffel Tower and the Bois de Boulogne, the apartment is close to the Seine. You can access to lots of different activities.  The closest Metro station is Porte de Saint Cloud (line 9) and you can easily find taxi and bus close by. It is composed of one bedroom, a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom (with toilets separated). Tv, internet and a washing machine are available. It really is a cosy place to enjoy your holidays in Paris, and you'll surely enjoy the bed after a hard day of sightseeing !  The apartment is furnished with comfy yet beautiful furniture. An old-fashioned door, a brick stone wall, a kitchen opened on the living room, vintage tables :  i'm sure you'll like the cachet of it !	My apartment is located in the 16th district (west Paris) in a residential quiet area.  You'll be charmed by the lovely paved yard (classified as a historical patrimony of the city).  Not far from the Eiffel Tower and the Bois de Boulogne, the apartment is close to the Seine. You can access to lots of different activities.  The closest Metro station is Porte de Saint Cloud (line 9) and you can easily find taxi and bus close by. It is composed of one bedroom, a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom (with toilets separated). Tv, internet and a washing machine are available. It really is a cosy place to enjoy your holidays in Paris, and you'll surely enjoy the bed after a hard day of sightseeing !  The apartment is furnished with comfy yet beautiful furniture. An old-fashioned door, a brick stone wall, a kitchen opened on the living room, vintage tables :  i'm sure you'll like the cachet of it !
22684		Charmant studio de 35 m2 en plein coeur du 16eme et à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel. Très lumineux et très bien équipé.
22685	Bien pour deux personnes quartier calme et agréable pour se balader ou picniquer. Je vous conseil le Murat très bon restaurant gastronomique. De l'autre côté de chez moi il y'a un lac ou vous pouvez faire de la barque et y trouver des restaurants bien cachés et gustative. Pas besoin de chauffage car il fait déjà bon chez moi car le chauffage vient du sol. Faites comme chez vous je suis esthéticienne et vous pouvez utiliser mes produits de beautés. Avec un humidificateur car mon mur sèche donc c'est un peu humide. Les toilettes sont sur le palier. Respectez le calme des voisins et je vous laisse découvrir mon chez moi. J'ai la sfr box un téléphone fixe une télé et même un jeu de société . Si il y'a un souci je suis joignable a tout moment 24h/24 car je ne serai pas très loin je vous laisserez mes coordonnés. Il ne faut surtout pas manquer la fête a neuneu c'est amusant pour y voir du monde en face de l'immeuble vous pouvez vous baladez ou courir car il y'a un circuit pour les personnes 	Une pièce avec tout ce qu'il vous faut  ma studette est causi calme et agréable possibilité d'accueillir deux personnes . Hippodrome d'Auteuil juste en face de l'immeuble supermarché juste au bas de chez moi y compris les bus et métros . Bien pour deux personnes quartier calme et agréable pour se balader ou picniquer. Je vous conseil le Murat très bon restaurant gastronomique. De l'autre côté de chez moi il y'a un lac ou vous pouvez faire de la barque et y trouver des restaurants bien cachés et gustative. Pas besoin de chauffage car il fait déjà bon chez moi car le chauffage vient du sol. Faites comme chez vous je suis esthéticienne et vous pouvez utiliser mes produits de beautés. Avec un humidificateur car mon mur sèche donc c'est un peu humide. Les toilettes sont sur le palier. Respectez le calme des voisins et je vous laisse découvrir mon chez moi. J'ai la sfr box un téléphone fixe une télé et même un jeu de société . Si il y'a un souci je suis joignable a tout moment 24h/24 car je 
22686	Grand deux pièces dans Paris: 48m2 Logement à 4 aisément + 1 enfant Très lumineux Dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien 7eme étage avec ascenseur Vu sur cour Proche du métro  Wifi, internet, téléphone & télévision Lave vaisselle Lave linge Sèche cheveux Serviettes Quartier très sécurisé Immeuble très sécurisé (deux digicode) Guides touristiques parisiens  C est un vrai appartement parisien qui vous fera vivre un séjour agréable et rassurant Appartement repeint et la Deco a été changée dans le salon et la salle de bain. A voir les dernières photos	Appartement en plein cœur du 16eme arrondissement. Proche de tous les grands lieux parisiens: Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Concorde,... 1 chambre: lit 2 places 1 canapé lit: 2 places Cuisine indépendante Grande salle de bain avec baignoire Propre, élégant & cosy Séjour agréable assuré Grand deux pièces dans Paris: 48m2 Logement à 4 aisément + 1 enfant Très lumineux Dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien 7eme étage avec ascenseur Vu sur cour Proche du métro  Wifi, internet, téléphone & télévision Lave vaisselle Lave linge Sèche cheveux Serviettes Quartier très sécurisé Immeuble très sécurisé (deux digicode) Guides touristiques parisiens  C est un vrai appartement parisien qui vous fera vivre un séjour agréable et rassurant Appartement repeint et la Deco a été changée dans le salon et la salle de bain. A voir les dernières photos Accès à tout l'appartement Guide touristique pour Paris possible  C'est un quartier calme, rassurant et très jolie Métro est à 30 secondes
22687	Welcome to Paris, The apartment (91 m2 + a terrace of 30 m2 with an amazing view on Paris) is in very quiet area. It’s a modern 3 bedrooms apartment close to easy transport, market and shops, restaurants (around the corner boulangerie, café, beautiful market three times a week).  The living area is the center of the apartment and has one sofa which could be converts into a double bed for 2 people giving the apartment a maximum occupancy of 6 people.  Three bedrooms : one with a king size bed and one with a single bed, are located on the exterior side of the building and have window doors. This gives fresh air and natural light to all the rooms. The last bedroom‘s got a great view on Eiffel tower. This apartment has all the basic furnishing to have a comfortable stay in Paris : the kitchen is very large and fully equipped with a large fridge, a dishwasher, oven, microwave, coffee machine, etc. The apartment also has a washer and dryer. He has wifi, cable tv and free calls on fixe phone 	Welcome to Paris, The apartment (91 m2 + a terrace of 30 m2 with an amazing view on Paris) is in very quiet area. It’s a modern 3 bedrooms apartment close to easy transport, market and shops, restaurants (around the corner boulangerie, café, beautiful market three times a week).  The living area is the center of the apartment and has one sofa which could be converts into a double bed for 2 people giving the apartment a maximum occupancy of 6 people.  Three bedrooms : one with a king size bed and one with a single bed, are located on the exterior side of the building and have window doors. This gives fresh air and natural light to all the rooms. The last bedroom‘s got a great view on Eiffel tower. This apartment has all the basic furnishing to have a comfortable stay in Paris : the kitchen is very large and fully equipped with a large fridge, a dishwasher, oven, microwave, coffee machine, etc. The apartment also has a washer and dryer. He has wifi, cable tv and free calls on fixe phone 
22688	furnished  appartement in the haert of Paris. 5 min from the tour Eiffel.  capacity 4 adults and 2 children's. near museum, and all atractive site. bus station and underground station is at 2 min. metro 10 mirabeau, javel, église d auteuil BUS 72 direct TOUR EIFFEL BUS 22 direct CHAMPS ELYSEE near all accomodations.	High standing, close tour Eiffel, we have a balcon with tour eiffel view.2 bedrooms, 1 with 1 big doubl bed, and one with 2 singls bed. on also have un canapé lit in the saloon, the kitchen is full equipment, the bathroom is independant than the wc. furnished  appartement in the haert of Paris. 5 min from the tour Eiffel.  capacity 4 adults and 2 children's. near museum, and all atractive site. bus station and underground station is at 2 min. metro 10 mirabeau, javel, église d auteuil BUS 72 direct TOUR EIFFEL BUS 22 direct CHAMPS ELYSEE near all accomodations. METRO MIRABEAU AT ONE MINUT, ALSO BUS STATION 72 IS IN FRONT THE APARTEMENT
22689		Hi there ! I'm looking for long term rental only. My apartment is located in the famous 16th arrondissement de Paris. The neighborhood is
22690	Deux pièces lumineux, tout confort, rénové et équipé; au coeur du 16ème arrondissement de Paris. Salon très ensoleillé, comprenant plusieurs canapés dont un pouvant faire office de lit, table se salle à manger rectangulaire, deux très larges fenêtres avec un mini balcon avec vue latérale sur la tour Eiffel. Une chambre très claire et très calme sur cour, et une salle de bain avec une large baignoire. Appartement très agréable, et parfait pour un séjour d'agrément ou de travail, de courte et moyenne durée dans la capitale, Très bien desservi par les transports en commun, ou les vélib et autolib. La cour est calme et arborée.	Appartement rénové tout confort, au coeur du 16ème arrondissement de Paris,  composé d'une chambre avec un lit double et de nombreux rangements, un salon très ensoleillé, une salle de bain avec baignoire, et une cuisine équipée. Deux pièces lumineux, tout confort, rénové et équipé; au coeur du 16ème arrondissement de Paris. Salon très ensoleillé, comprenant plusieurs canapés dont un pouvant faire office de lit, table se salle à manger rectangulaire, deux très larges fenêtres avec un mini balcon avec vue latérale sur la tour Eiffel. Une chambre très claire et très calme sur cour, et une salle de bain avec une large baignoire. Appartement très agréable, et parfait pour un séjour d'agrément ou de travail, de courte et moyenne durée dans la capitale, Très bien desservi par les transports en commun, ou les vélib et autolib. La cour est calme et arborée. Tous les équipements et accessoires de cuisines.  Machines à laver la vaisselle et le linge et accessoires de repassage.  Pas de restrictio
22691	Located in the exclusive and coveted 16th district of Paris, this very bright and spacious 2 bedrooms apartment of 120m2 is ideal for a family or two couples who wish to keep their independence and privacy ( the second bedroom has its own bathroom).   The apartment has an entrance that gives you access to a large double living room of 37m2 with a dining room. A hallway provides access to the master bedroom, a shower room with hydro massage and steam bath and another toilet. Bedrooms overlook a quiet courtyard with large balconies, one with a double bed 160x200 , the other with a bed of 140x190 and a single bed 90x190 .  Close to Roland Garros and located right near to the Seine River, your rental is in front of the Parc André Citroën, ideal for a family moment in a modern and popular area. 	This very bright and spacious 2 bedrooms apartment of 120m2 is ideal for a family or 2 couples. Located in the heart of West Paris in the 16th ar, it is close to Roland-Garros. Located in the exclusive and coveted 16th district of Paris, this very bright and spacious 2 bedrooms apartment of 120m2 is ideal for a family or two couples who wish to keep their independence and privacy ( the second bedroom has its own bathroom).   The apartment has an entrance that gives you access to a large double living room of 37m2 with a dining room. A hallway provides access to the master bedroom, a shower room with hydro massage and steam bath and another toilet. Bedrooms overlook a quiet courtyard with large balconies, one with a double bed 160x200 , the other with a bed of 140x190 and a single bed 90x190 .  Close to Roland Garros and located right near to the Seine River, your rental is in front of the Parc André Citroën, ideal for a family moment in a modern and popular area. 
22692	Near Pont du Garigliano and Seine River. Many trees beyond the windows make no facing	2 rooms flat - pont du Garigliano Paris 16 (perfect for 2, 4 max) Touristic places : - 3 minutes walk from train to château de Versailles, St. Germain des près and Tour Eiffel. - 10 minutes from center by taxi The Flat : - 1 living room, 1 bedroom - open kitchen full equiped - shower  Near Pont du Garigliano and Seine River. Many trees beyond the windows make no facing
22693	Confort, situation géographique, calme, verdure	Ce 3 pièces contemporain entièrement neuf situé près des bords de Seine(20mn à pied de la tour Eiffel) au calme est très pratique pour votre séjour à Paris. Balcon, 1 lit kingsize et 1 de 180X200, cuisine équipée, tv, hifi B&O,  Confort, situation géographique, calme, verdure A tout dans l'appartement Les échanges se feront par mail, je ne serai pas dans l'appartement! La proximité du bois de Boulogne, des bords de Seine, Trocadéro, l'Etoile, etc... Le Marché mardi et mercredi  métro Ranelagh à 5mn à pied pour la tv, Canal+, Canal sat sont fournis
22694	Très beau logement idéal pour visiter Paris	Bel appartement(60m2 au 4è étage) dans immeuble Haussmannien  avec vue sur la Seine. Grand living (30m2) avec beaux meubles anciens et parquet , très lumineux, 2 balcons avec vue dégagée 1 chambre  lit double, salle d'eau, cuisine  et wc  sur entrée Très beau logement idéal pour visiter Paris équipé Wi Fi Réception personalisée Quartier très vivant  avec marché réputé 3 fois par semaine Avenue de Versailles Nombreux restaurants et commerces à proximité en voiture : depuis le périphérique, sortir sur Paris-Centre Voie Pompidou
22695	Last floor, quiet, very well distributed and toilets are separated ! On top of the already mentioned amenities there is: A microwave oven A Dish washer A toaster A water electric boiler A Nespresso coffee machine Iron and Ironing table	I love my place because it's calm, luminous, safe and my neighbours are nice. Last floor of a 19th century Haussmannian style building. Wooden floor, mouldings and chimney, typical old traditional Parisian style but Wi-Fi equipped ! Welcome to Paris! Last floor, quiet, very well distributed and toilets are separated ! On top of the already mentioned amenities there is: A microwave oven A Dish washer A toaster A water electric boiler A Nespresso coffee machine Iron and Ironing table All the appartment.I keep a wardrobe closed with some of my stuff, mainly clothes. No hidden treasury there... I should be there for check in and check out but since I am travelling quite a lot (International consulting is my work) there might be occasionaly someone else. Super central. Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, close to Bois de Boulogne for those who run like me. Supermarkets, Monoprix, Franprix just downstairs. Bakery, newspaper booth as well. The bakery at the corner has this special baguett
22696		Appartement cosy dans le 16eme arrondissement de Paris au bas de Passy. L'apparterment est desservi de trois lignes de métro et differents bus. Commerce et jardin à proximité.  Capacité maximale 4 personnes.
22697	60M2 - 650SqFt At the 4th floor (lift), the double living room (30m2 - 320SqF) is very sunny and you can see the Seine river from the 2 windows : a sofa bed, a dining room table for up to 6 seated people, a cable TV, DVD, radio, WIFI. The kitchen is fully equipped: Oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, juicer, dishwasher, washing - dryer machine The bed room (15m2 - 160SqFt) is very quiet, on the courtyard : 2 beds (90cm each), TV, closets, sheets are provided. The bathroom has a large bath, a sink and a hairdryer. Towels are provided. The toilets are separated. The entrance has large closets, with iron and iron board.	My flat is located very near the Seine river and the docks. From 5 to 15mns by walk, you can reach the France télévisions and TF1 towers, Roland Garros tennis court and Parc des Princes stadium. The aera and the bulding are very safe. 60M2 - 650SqFt At the 4th floor (lift), the double living room (30m2 - 320SqF) is very sunny and you can see the Seine river from the 2 windows : a sofa bed, a dining room table for up to 6 seated people, a cable TV, DVD, radio, WIFI. The kitchen is fully equipped: Oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, juicer, dishwasher, washing - dryer machine The bed room (15m2 - 160SqFt) is very quiet, on the courtyard : 2 beds (90cm each), TV, closets, sheets are provided. The bathroom has a large bath, a sink and a hairdryer. Towels are provided. The toilets are separated. The entrance has large closets, with iron and iron board. There are 2 door codes and a concierge. Many restaurants in the aera. Restaurant guides and maps are available in the flat. Me
22698		Appartement meublé, refait neuf,  6ème étage sans vis à vis, 1 chambre, cuisine équipée, salle de bain,  ascenseur, digicode, gardien, proximité métro, bus 
22699		I rent my furnished apartment  for short and medium stay  located in an amazing avenue in 3 min walking from champs elysees and 5 min from trocadero (best eiffel view) Paris 16th,  it is 40m2 with balcony and a great view of the  Avenue  
22700	je loue mon appartement , en meuble pour des courts et moyens séjour,  situe avenue kleber paris 16e,  il fait 40m2 avec balcon et une vue superbe sur avenue Kleber  l appartement comprend:  UNE GRANDE CHAMBRE PRINCIPALE:  - un grand lit - commode - table et 4 chaises - plasma TV - 2 grands armoires - les draps, couettes et oreillers nécessaire - + un lit d appoints pour enfants si nécessaire et 2 fauteuils  UNE CUISINE EQUIPEE:  -un frigo - un lave linge - un micro-onde - un espresso - un presse orange - les couverts et assiettes nécessaires  UNE SALLE DE BAIN:  - une baignoire - un meubles sous vasque - un meuble miroir suspendu - les serviettes et produits nécessaires l' appartement comprendra aussi  -une connexion WIFI - un téléphone FREE accès illimite pour poste fixe en France, EU, USA, Australie et le canada, pour plus d information n hésitez pas de me contacter au (email hidden) 	je loue mon appartement , en meuble pour des courts et moyens séjour,  situe avenue kleber paris 16e,  il fait 40m2 avec balcon et une vue superbe sur avenue Kleber  l appartement comprend:  UNE GRANDE CHAMBRE PRINCIPALE:  - un grand lit - commode - table et 4 chaises - plasma TV - 2 grands armoires - les draps, couettes et oreillers nécessaire - + un lit d appoints pour enfants si nécessaire et 2 fauteuils  UNE CUISINE EQUIPEE:  -un frigo - un lave linge - un micro-onde - un espresso - un presse orange - les couverts et assiettes nécessaires  UNE SALLE DE BAIN:  - une baignoire - un meubles sous vasque - un meuble miroir suspendu - les serviettes et produits nécessaires l' appartement comprendra aussi  -une connexion WIFI - un téléphone FREE accès illimite pour poste fixe en France, EU, USA, Australie et le canada, pour plus d information n hésitez pas de me contacter au (email hidden) 
22701		Ce studio se situe dans une résidence très calme et très agréable à la porte de saint cloud, dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris (métro 9, nombreux bus, tram 3, rer C). L'appartement est entièrement équipé : box, plaques induction, micro-ondes...
22702	In the heart of Paris Auteuil 16arrondissement 8minutes metro to the trocadero / Eiffel Tower. Bakery, grocery store at the foot of the building. The apartment comprises large living / dining room with a lovely veranda, balcony, fully equipped   In the heart of Paris Auteuil 16arrondissement 8minutes metro to the trocadero / Eiffel Tower.   Bakery, grocery store at the foot of the building. The apartment comprises large living / dining room with a lovely veranda, balcony, fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine).    Bakery shops nearby! Pars Eiffel Tower and close to transport.    Line 9 and 10 station Jasmin gold Eglise d'Auteuil    Doorman / Guardian to take the key and to stay in touch in case of trouble  . Very close to Roland Garros THE FLAT IS CLOSE TO ROLAND GARROS	. In the heart of Paris Auteuil 16arrondissement 8minutes metro to the trocadero / Eiffel Tower. Bakery, grocery store at the foot of the building. The apartment comprises large living / dining room with a lovely veranda, balcony, fully equipped   In the heart of Paris Auteuil 16arrondissement 8minutes metro to the trocadero / Eiffel Tower.   Bakery, grocery store at the foot of the building. The apartment comprises large living / dining room with a lovely veranda, balcony, fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine).    Bakery shops nearby! Pars Eiffel Tower and close to transport.    Line 9 and 10 station Jasmin gold Eglise d'Auteuil    Doorman / Guardian to take the key and to stay in touch in case of trouble  . Very close to Roland Garros THE FLAT IS CLOSE TO ROLAND GARROS THE FLAT IS CLOSE TO ROLAND GARROS
22703	Really nice apartment, fully equiped, calm and with a garden and bbq for sunny days. Ideal for a couple or a single person. 15 minute walk to Roland Garros, 15 minute metro ride to the Eiffel Tower	Really nice apartment, fully equiped, calm and with a garden and bbq for sunny days. Ideal for a couple or a single person. 15 minute walk to Roland Garros, 15 minute metro ride to the Eiffel Tower Calm, relaxing neighborhood. Market every Saturday & Wednesday morning. Short walk to Le Bois de Boulogne & l'Hippodrome d'Auteuil (horse track  & sport center) Shopping & great restaurants nearby. 2 minute walk to Metro Michel-Ange Auteuil (line 9 or 10)
22704	Family apartment with Parisian charm, located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful Haussmanien style building in the heart of Paris, on the Quai de Seine river, foot distance from  Alma Marceau Metro station. This apartment has a large entrance hall, a living room, a separate kitchen, a master bedroom with a large bed for 2 people and a child's bedroom with 1 single bunk bed (can suit for one adult), a large bathroom and a separate toilet. It is in perfect condition, fully furnished and team, decorated with taste. Grade with very high ceilings, a fireplace, parquet floors, a balcony with a view of the Seine. Very sunny.	Family apartment with Parisian charm, located in beautiful Haussmanien style building in the heart of Paris, on the Quai de Seine river. 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysees. Central, quite and charming.      Family apartment with Parisian charm, located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful Haussmanien style building in the heart of Paris, on the Quai de Seine river, foot distance from  Alma Marceau Metro station. This apartment has a large entrance hall, a living room, a separate kitchen, a master bedroom with a large bed for 2 people and a child's bedroom with 1 single bunk bed (can suit for one adult), a large bathroom and a separate toilet. It is in perfect condition, fully furnished and team, decorated with taste. Grade with very high ceilings, a fireplace, parquet floors, a balcony with a view of the Seine. Very sunny. Our guest can use : internet WIFI, TV, washing machine, all kitchen equipment, dish ware, dish washing machine, microwave, hair dryer.  We provide b
22705	In this great apartment in Paris, we offer a full-size kitchen, a comfortable living room, dining room, one bedroom, toilet and bathroom. 60 m2 (650 square feet), 4 persons. The owners wish to share with you their Parisian experience.  When you enter the apartment, Everything is there to make you feel at home.   	Great apartment in Paris, we offer a full-size kitchen, a comfortable living room, dining room, one bedroom, toilet and bathroom. Located in the lovely 16th district this wonderful apartment is within  15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower In this great apartment in Paris, we offer a full-size kitchen, a comfortable living room, dining room, one bedroom, toilet and bathroom. 60 m2 (650 square feet), 4 persons. The owners wish to share with you their Parisian experience.  When you enter the apartment, Everything is there to make you feel at home.   Internet, Elevator. This home offers a unique experience of the real Parisian lifestyle. Fresh food market is in the neighborhood,  all the typical Parisian amenities, great food and site seeing Upon your arraival we will personally explain all the in and outs of the apartment neighborhood and Paris en general to help you to enjoy your stay.  Also, we will be available at all times to help you Located in the lovely 16th district, within a his
22706	The apartment, located on the 2nd floor with elevator, is bathed in sunlight with its windows facing south (all air-conditioned apartment): bow window in the living room, bay window overlooking flower in the room balconies. Quiet: double glazing to all windows, no people in it, all the old people in the building. Very pleasant, it is a harmonious blend of old (moldings, beautiful oak parquet herringbone, marble fireplaces in every room) and modernity (air conditioning, central heating, etc.) The living room has a dining area (table with integrated extension and 6 chairs: one can easily eat 6) and sitting 2 chairs, coffee table, sofa bed for 2 people. The room, which overlooks the bay an ornate balcony is very pleasant and relaxing with a large bed for 2 people. Possibility of adding 2 single bed in the bedroom or the living room, if necessary. With the sofa bed 2 places (where we sleep very well), so you can sleep 6 in this apartment. For all these beds, duvets, pillows and towels are 	The apartment, located on the 2nd floor with elevator, is bathed in sunlight with its windows facing south (all air-conditioned apartment): bow window in the living room, bay window overlooking flower in the room balconies. Quiet: double glazing to all windows, no people in it, all the old people in the building. Very pleasant, it is a harmonious blend of old (moldings, beautiful oak parquet herringbone, marble fireplaces in every room) and modernity (air conditioning, central heating, etc.) The living room has a dining area (table with integrated extension and 6 chairs: one can easily eat 6) and sitting 2 chairs, coffee table, sofa bed for 2 people. The room, which overlooks the bay an ornate balcony is very pleasant and relaxing with a large bed for 2 people. Possibility of adding 2 single bed in the bedroom or the living room, if necessary. With the sofa bed 2 places (where we sleep very well), so you can sleep 6 in this apartment. For all these beds, duvets, pillows and towels are 
22707	"Appartement de charme décoré et meublé ""Art Nouveau"" comme l'immeuble. Le patio extérieur est un agrément supplémentaire. "	"deux pièces 47 m²+patio extérieur privatif de 17m² au RDC d'un immeuble classé ""Hector Guimard"" dans quartier calme et résidentiel, avec nombreux commerces et transports en commun à proximité. Cuisine, WC et salle de bains séparés. Location semaine minimum. Appartement de charme décoré et meublé ""Art Nouveau"" comme l'immeuble. Le patio extérieur est un agrément supplémentaire.  L'appartement est entièrement équipé (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, fours thermique et micro-ondes, livebox (téléphone, internet,TV)) Nous faisons l'accueil nous-mêmes ou par une voisine dans l'immeuble, selon les disponibilités. Mais l'appartement est entièrement indépendant, et nous habitons à proximité en cas de besoin."
22708	Great location for this tiny and fully furnished studio of 9 sq. meters. In the heart of Paris, 16th arrondissement, secure and family neighborhood. Shops, restaurants, grocery store in a couple of minutes of walking distance, close to Metro Porte de Saint-Cloud. Fully furnished, fits for 1 person. Bed, equipped kitchen, toilet and shower. Charming Parisian building, 7th floor, elevator. Parisian roofs view for this quiet and bright place to stay. 	Great location for this tiny and fully furnished studio of 9 sq. meters. In the heart of Paris, 16th arrondissement, secure and family neighborhood. Shops, restaurants, grocery store in a couple of minutes of walking distance, close to Metro Porte de Saint-Cloud. Fully furnished, fits for 1 person. Bed, equipped kitchen, toilet and shower. Charming Parisian building, 7th floor, elevator. Parisian roofs view for this quiet and bright place to stay. 
22709		Minimum stay 3 nights. APARTMENT 2  ROOMS FULLY EQUIPPED 5 minutes from metro Exelmans or Gardon Lagache 5 minutes from tramway Pont Garigliano Velib and Autolib nearby. Wooden floor, washing machine, kitchen, shower, internet included
22710	Close to metro Porte d’Autueil and Jasmin, this flat is perfectly located to discover Paris. At only 5 minutes walking from Roland Garros, Parc des Princes, Marmottant Museum and more, spend some days enjoying the best of Paris. It’s a functional flat with modern equipment, a double bed bedroom, a bathroom and a living room with kitchen and sofa.	Close to metro Porte d’Autueil and Jasmin, this flat is perfectly located to discover Paris. At only 5 minutes walking from Roland Garros, Parc des Princes, Marmottant Museum and more, spend some days enjoying the best of Paris. It’s a functional flat with modern equipment, a double bed bedroom, a bathroom and a living room with kitchen and sofa.
22711	Dernier étage d'une villa parisienne typique du début du XXe siècle réaménagé en appartement indépendant il y a 3 ans. Réparti sur 38 mètres carrés, le lieu se compose de deux chambres à lits doubles, d'une kitchenette toute équipée, d'une salle de bains avec douche et offre un accès exclusif à une terrasse aménagée avec pergola, plancha et jardin japonais de 35 mètres carrés. A 200 mètres de la Seine et à 7 minutes en bus (72) de la Tour Eiffel, la villa est installée dans un quartier de maisons parisiennes d'époque, donc l'accès se fait par une charmante cour privative et très fleurie. Très accessible en transports en commun (métros, bus, Vélib'), le lieu offre ainsi un calme rare et très reposant, parfait pour décompresser après une journée de visite. Salle de bain : douche, WC, 2 lavabos, serviettes et sèche-cheveux à disposition Kitchenette : plaques, four micro-ondes, frigidaire-réfrigérateur, cafetière à piston, grille-pain  Chambres : un lit double et un canapé lit deux places,	Dernier étage d'une villa parisienne typique du début du XXe siècle réaménagé en appartement indépendant il y a 3 ans. Réparti sur 38 mètres carrés, le lieu se compose de deux chambres à lits doubles, d'une kitchenette toute équipée, d'une salle de bains avec douche et offre un accès exclusif à une terrasse aménagée avec pergola, plancha et jardin japonais de 35 mètres carrés. A 200 mètres de la Seine et à 7 minutes en bus (72) de la Tour Eiffel, la villa est installée dans un quartier de maisons parisiennes d'époque, donc l'accès se fait par une charmante cour privative et très fleurie. Très accessible en transports en commun (métros, bus, Vélib'), le lieu offre ainsi un calme rare et très reposant, parfait pour décompresser après une journée de visite. Salle de bain : douche, WC, 2 lavabos, serviettes et sèche-cheveux à disposition Kitchenette : plaques, four micro-ondes, frigidaire-réfrigérateur, cafetière à piston, grille-pain  Chambres : un lit double et un canapé lit deux places,
22712	Appart récemment rénové.  Cuisine équipée. Lave linge / sèche linge. Salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Un lit deux places confortable. Salon convivial + salle à manger.	We'll be happy to be your host in order to make your trip in Paris very pleasant. Speak english and german
22713	t's charming and very cosy. ideal for a couple. Situated in the chic 16th district of Paris, the area  residential and very secure. All parisian main attractions are accessible in less than 30 minutes by walking or transports (Trocadéro, Eiffel tower, le Louvre, Champs Elysees, Musée d'Orsay. Palais de tokyo...) Situated on the west side other attractions like Versailles, Roland Garros, Parc des princes are also very close.  	ovely flat in the chic residential neighbour of Paris The location is ideal to visit main attractions like Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Notre Dame, St germain, Le Louvre, easily accessible in less than 20 minutes by walking or metro. t's charming and very cosy. ideal for a couple. Situated in the chic 16th district of Paris, the area  residential and very secure. All parisian main attractions are accessible in less than 30 minutes by walking or transports (Trocadéro, Eiffel tower, le Louvre, Champs Elysees, Musée d'Orsay. Palais de tokyo...) Situated on the west side other attractions like Versailles, Roland Garros, Parc des princes are also very close.  Kitchen, bathroom, a large doble living room, 1 parents bedroom. Yes. It's a very chic and residential area. Lovely french bakery, grossery, markets and shops in the area. Tube stations: Michel Ange Auteuil ou Michel Ange Molitor (line 9 or 10) in the street. These lines allow you to cross Paris (south / North) in only 20 minutes Esay
22714		Agréable studio  de 24m2 avec une pièce spacieuse, salle d'eau et cuisine séparées, entièrement équipées. Au 6e étage (sans ascenseur) Situé dans un quartier animé, à 5 min du Parc des Princes et 8 min de Rolland Garros, proche commerces et métro
22715	Vous entrez par un couloir desservant chaque pièce de l’appartement, avec nombreux rangements: A droite : la grande pièce à vivre, moderne , confortable et chaleureuse, donnant sur le stade, avec partie salle à manger (table, chaises, buffet)  et partie salon (canapé lit 120cm, fauteuils, table basse, TV, WIFI).  A gauche, dans l’ordre : la cuisine équipée et moderne, donnant sur cour, où vous pouvez manger à 2 sur un bar,  avec plaques à induction, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, frigo et congélateur, toaster, percolateur, vaisselle et ustensiles, puis : Une chambre double confortable, donnant sur cour avec 1 lit x 160,  dressing, petite TV murale, Une salle de bain, donnant sur cour, avec baignoire, évier, lave-linge (WC séparé), Une seconde chambre double, donnant sur cour,  avec 1 lit mezzanine x 140, rangements, TV, DVD, petit bureau, canapé. Le linge de lit et serviettes sont fournis.	Appartement de 74m2 (tout confort) situé au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) d’un immeuble de standing, donnant sur le stade Jean Bouin (rugby), à 2 pas du Parc des Prince et 5 mn à pied de Roland Garros, de la piscine Molitor, et des serres d'auteuil. Vous entrez par un couloir desservant chaque pièce de l’appartement, avec nombreux rangements: A droite : la grande pièce à vivre, moderne , confortable et chaleureuse, donnant sur le stade, avec partie salle à manger (table, chaises, buffet)  et partie salon (canapé lit 120cm, fauteuils, table basse, TV, WIFI).  A gauche, dans l’ordre : la cuisine équipée et moderne, donnant sur cour, où vous pouvez manger à 2 sur un bar,  avec plaques à induction, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, frigo et congélateur, toaster, percolateur, vaisselle et ustensiles, puis : Une chambre double confortable, donnant sur cour avec 1 lit x 160,  dressing, petite TV murale, Une salle de bain, donnant sur cour, avec baignoire, évier, lave-linge (WC séparé), Une seco
22716		Joli petit 2 pièces au 16eme arrondissement de Paris, composé d'un séjour,d'une cuisine, d'une chambre avec salle de bain.  Nice little 2-room in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, with a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom with bathroom.
22717		Appartement de caractère dans le 16ème arrondissement. Surface de 40m2 répartie entre un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain et une cuisine spacieuse toute équipée. Proche toutes commodités, marché, commerces. Au coeur du 16ème arrondissement de Paris, proche de Roland Garros, du bois de Boulogne. Quartier animé avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants typiques parisiens. Accès métro (ligne 9) Exelmans ou porte de saint cloud à 5 minutes à pieds.
22718	Idéalement situé aux portes de Paris .	Appartement deux pièces avec couchage deux personnes , salle de douche et kitchenette équipée . Lave linge , télévision , Wifi. Idéalement situé dans le 16 ème arrondissement dans un secteur commerçant , métro à 200 m Idéalement situé aux portes de Paris . Métro porte de saint cloud . Parc de stationnement au pied de l'immeuble. English speaking говорить по-русски habla espanol tout le charme du 16 ème arrondissement , tous commerces à proximité Métro porte de saint cloud
22719	Near avenue Marceau, the flat is classically Parisian in style and is a fully furnished 3 bdrm flat with 2 bathrooms, updated kitchen, formal dining room, large living room and study. Washer & dryer in the apt. Several French windows face the street and garden.   Take in the beautiful sights of Paris! Walk 5 minutes to the Eiffel Tower and 1 minute to stroll along the Seine river. The flat is a short walk from Metro Alma Marceau with easy access to the RER and all bus routes. Market, bakeries and many charming cafes and restaurants nearby.   The kitchen is fully stocked and features updated appliances, including an electronic induction stove, oven, and dishwasher. The living room has a flat screen TV, DVD player and wireless internet throughout the apartment.  I have included everything in your apartment to make your stay in Paris comfortable and enjoyable.  Guests have all th apartment for themselves I write to them everytime it is necessary. I am sometimes present, sometimes it is so	Near avenue Marceau, the flat is classically Parisian in style and is a fully furnished 3 bedrooms flat with 2 bathrooms, updated kitchen, formal dining room, large living room and study. Near avenue Marceau, the flat is classically Parisian in style and is a fully furnished 3 bdrm flat with 2 bathrooms, updated kitchen, formal dining room, large living room and study. Washer & dryer in the apt. Several French windows face the street and garden.   Take in the beautiful sights of Paris! Walk 5 minutes to the Eiffel Tower and 1 minute to stroll along the Seine river. The flat is a short walk from Metro Alma Marceau with easy access to the RER and all bus routes. Market, bakeries and many charming cafes and restaurants nearby.   The kitchen is fully stocked and features updated appliances, including an electronic induction stove, oven, and dishwasher. The living room has a flat screen TV, DVD player and wireless internet throughout the apartment.  I have included everything in your apartm
22720	"This wonderful studio is located in the best possible area one could find in Paris: the ""Golden Triangle"". It is situated in the prestigious and secure 16th district, a few steps away from the Champs-Elysées (5mn walk), the Arc de Triomphe (2mn walk), the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower (5mn walk), and many museums. It is composed of: - A living/bedroom with 1 double bed , a large sofa bed (very comfortable) and an LCD TV. Free WIFI is included. - A kitchen with a fridge, oven, washing machine etc. - A bathroom  - A balcony  This 3rd floor apartment is very sunny and offers a wonderful view on a private garden. A little heaven in the heart of Paris! More precisely, the building is located right next to the beautiful Place des Etats-Unis in an exclusive neighbourhood that is calm and residential, yet extremely close to all the activities the city has to offer. For shopaholics or nightlife lovers, the Champs Elysées is the best place to find all the famous boutiques, cafes, restaurants,  "	"Lovely studio located in one of the best and most prestigious places in Paris. Walking distance to major attractions: Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, and many museums. Everything needed nearby. Very secure building and neighbourhood. This wonderful studio is located in the best possible area one could find in Paris: the ""Golden Triangle"". It is situated in the prestigious and secure 16th district, a few steps away from the Champs-Elysées (5mn walk), the Arc de Triomphe (2mn walk), the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower (5mn walk), and many museums. It is composed of: - A living/bedroom with 1 double bed , a large sofa bed (very comfortable) and an LCD TV. Free WIFI is included. - A kitchen with a fridge, oven, washing machine etc. - A bathroom  - A balcony  This 3rd floor apartment is very sunny and offers a wonderful view on a private garden. A little heaven in the heart of Paris! More precisely, the building is located right next to the beautiful Place des Etats-Unis in an"
22721	My high standing apartment of 40m2 has just been completely restored. It's located on 2th floor with an elevator. Composed of a large living room, separate kitchen, a nice bedroom with a king size bed and a large confortable sofa bed in the living room, and also a baby bed, a  bathroom with bathtub. The building is secured with a code system and an intercom and you get a lift to reach my 2th floor. The neighborhood is very secure. It is also very well served by subways. But major tourist sites (Champs Elysées, Eiffel tower, Trocadéro) are accessible by walking, bus and also taxi stations. This flat offer you the bests conditions for visiting Paris. My apartment is the way of life of Parisian, and I will be very happy to share it.	Located in the heart of Paris, on quiet typical street, this fully equipped and renovated flat of 40sq meter has 1 bed room which is equipped with a large and confortable bed, a sofa bed is in the living room, and a fully equiped kitchen. My high standing apartment of 40m2 has just been completely restored. It's located on 2th floor with an elevator. Composed of a large living room, separate kitchen, a nice bedroom with a king size bed and a large confortable sofa bed in the living room, and also a baby bed, a  bathroom with bathtub. The building is secured with a code system and an intercom and you get a lift to reach my 2th floor. The neighborhood is very secure. It is also very well served by subways. But major tourist sites (Champs Elysées, Eiffel tower, Trocadéro) are accessible by walking, bus and also taxi stations. This flat offer you the bests conditions for visiting Paris. My apartment is the way of life of Parisian, and I will be very happy to share it. The apartment provide
22722	Paris 16eme, village of Auteuil, close relation Roland Garros, Auteuil Hippodrome, face wood of Boulogne, meadows businesses restaurants, stores big marks and drunk transport subway stations(resorts) Auteuil, passy harming numerous lines  Close relation of the most beautiful monuments of Paris Building big status in the 4eme stages, 2 elevators, Digital code, intercom, guard, green spaces. Modern apartment style crossing of 2 rooms(parts,plays) 55 M2, 15M2 of balcony (with deckchair Entrance living room room ) furnished flats, cosy and warm decoration, plate glass windows, seen clear on trees, very sunny. Very modern shower-room TOILETS separated, cooks fitted out and equipped any machines household electrical appliances, nespresso.... Air-conditioning,	Paris 16eme, village of Auteuil, close relation Roland Garros, Auteuil Hippodrome, face wood of Boulogne, meadows businesses restaurants, stores big marks and drunk transport subway stations(resorts) Auteuil, passy harming numerous lines  Close relation of the most beautiful monuments of Paris Building big status in the 4eme stages, 2 elevators, Digital code, intercom, guard, green spaces. Modern apartment style crossing of 2 rooms(parts,plays) 55 M2, 15M2 of balcony (with deckchair Entrance living room room ) furnished flats, cosy and warm decoration, plate glass windows, seen clear on trees, very sunny. Very modern shower-room TOILETS separated, cooks fitted out and equipped any machines household electrical appliances, nespresso.... Air-conditioning,
22723	Ce studio est petit mais pratique. Le lit est une armoire lit pour gagner de l'espace et la cuisine est aménagée. La salle de bain contient une baignoire, des WC et une machine à laver.	Charmant studio bien éclairé avec vue sur la pointe de la Tour Eiffel. Situé à 5 mn du métro, proche de tous les commerces et à 20 minutes des Champs Elysées en transport en commun. Accès à une grande DVDthèque pendant votre séjour. Ce studio est petit mais pratique. Le lit est une armoire lit pour gagner de l'espace et la cuisine est aménagée. La salle de bain contient une baignoire, des WC et une machine à laver. A 2 pas de l'appartement il y a des commerces alimentaires, des boulangeries, des petits restaurants parisiens et les transports en communs (bus et métro). Je reste toujours joignable sur le net par le biais d'Airbnb et répond avec plaisir à vos demandes sur les choses à visiter ou découvrir dans la capitale. Le quartier est calme et agréable. Le logement est accessible par les transports en commun de toutes les gares.
22724	50 sq meters apt. At the corner of Kleber avenue. 1 minute walk to Trocadéro and metro Ttocadero.  5 minutes' walk to the Eiffel Tower  6th floor with elevator. Newly decorated. Very clean. Very livel area: cafés, restaurants, supermarkets, bakerie ... Metro Trocadero line 6 	50 sq meters apt. At the corner of Kleber avenue. 1 minute walk to Trocadéro and metro Kleber. 5 minutes' walk to the Eiffel Tower  6th floor elevator. Newly decorated. Very clean. Very lively area: cafés, restaurants, supermarkets, bakeries ... Metro Kleber - line 6
22725	Très ensoleillé et au pied de 2 métros, tous commerces à proximité, 4 eme étage avec ascenseur, appartement sécurisé par digicode	Agréable F2 à 1 minute de la Porte d'Auteuil, situé à 500 mètres à pieds de Roland Garros, 2 métros équidistants (porte d'Auteuil et Michel-Ange) 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, 15 minutes des Champs Elysées, 10 minutes du Trocadéro... A découvrir... Très ensoleillé et au pied de 2 métros, tous commerces à proximité, 4 eme étage avec ascenseur, appartement sécurisé par digicode Tout est à disposition dans l'appartement car il est régulièrement occupé par moi-même  Par téléphone ou par mail, j'habite la banlieue proche si besoin d'intervention physique Quartier très agréable, très animé, nombreux restaurants, café et terrasses, on peut se rendre à Roland Garros à pieds  2 stations de métro à proximité desservant la Gare d'Austerlitz, la Gare Saint-Lazare... Le wifi est disponible, machine à café nespresso, lave linge et sèche linge....
22726	The apartment is decorated with love.  It can accommodate up to 6 people: 4 adults and two small children.  The apartment is in a quiet street near many shops and transport.  Enjoy the terrace overlooking the Eiffel Tower!  The apartment is located on the 5th floor with elevator  There is a king size bed for 2 people  A sofa bed for 2 people which is very comfortable  1 cot  1 bigger child bed  You will have access to a library of over 100 books in French and English.  The apartment was completely renovated.  I will be delighted to help travelers organize their visit to give them advice on what to see and some nice addresses in Paris Several shops, restaurants. Shops and several parks are nearby, the area is very green.  Roland Garros is nearby for fans of tennis, and the Parc des Princes is within few steps for those passionate about football. The metro (line 9, station Porte de Saint Cloud) is 3 minutes walk from the apartment, and several bus (phone number hidden), PC1) are at 1 min	What better than to enjoy a design apartment, spacious, view of Eiffel Tower and near the subway. The area is quiet and very nice. Quality equipments are here for a maximum comfort! Hey, what are you waiting to book? :) cheers The apartment is decorated with love.  It can accommodate up to 6 people: 4 adults and two small children.  The apartment is in a quiet street near many shops and transport.  Enjoy the terrace overlooking the Eiffel Tower!  The apartment is located on the 5th floor with elevator  There is a king size bed for 2 people  A sofa bed for 2 people which is very comfortable  1 cot  1 bigger child bed  You will have access to a library of over 100 books in French and English.  The apartment was completely renovated.  I will be delighted to help travelers organize their visit to give them advice on what to see and some nice addresses in Paris Several shops, restaurants. Shops and several parks are nearby, the area is very green.  Roland Garros is nearby for fans of tennis
22727	Appartement 2 pièces dans le 16ème arrondissement, près de toutes commodités, à 2 minutes: restaurants, cafés, supermarchés, Mc Donald's, boulangerie... De nombreux Bus emmènent à OPERA, CHAMPS ELYSEES, ARC DE TRIOMPHE, rue de Rivoli, Trocadéro, CONCORDE, Pont des Arts, Palais de Tokyo, TOUR EIFFEL... et ligne de métro 9. Le tout à 2 minutes également. Tout près du Parc des Princes. Appartement spacieux et tout équipé. Quartier animé tout en étant calme et sécurisé le soir et la nuit. Hello everyone,  We have a 1 bedroom available in a great neighborhood, calm, peaceful and safe. Everything's reachable by foot (1 to 3 minutes away): coffeeshops, restaurants, supermarket right down the building, McDonald's, Tobacco Shop... Many buses can take you directly to the main attractions of Paris (Champs elysées, trocadéro, tour eiffel, Concorde, Opéra, Louvre, and there's also a metro line 9 minutes away.	Hello ! Nice apartment in a clean building and clean neighbordhood available. One living room and one bedroom.  Really close to many shops : Carrefour, Mcdo Free Wifi  Well fitted kitchen. Sheets and towels. Capacity of 5 persons Appartement 2 pièces dans le 16ème arrondissement, près de toutes commodités, à 2 minutes: restaurants, cafés, supermarchés, Mc Donald's, boulangerie... De nombreux Bus emmènent à OPERA, CHAMPS ELYSEES, ARC DE TRIOMPHE, rue de Rivoli, Trocadéro, CONCORDE, Pont des Arts, Palais de Tokyo, TOUR EIFFEL... et ligne de métro 9. Le tout à 2 minutes également. Tout près du Parc des Princes. Appartement spacieux et tout équipé. Quartier animé tout en étant calme et sécurisé le soir et la nuit. Hello everyone,  We have a 1 bedroom available in a great neighborhood, calm, peaceful and safe. Everything's reachable by foot (1 to 3 minutes away): coffeeshops, restaurants, supermarket right down the building, McDonald's, Tobacco Shop... Many buses can take you directly to th
22728	"It is a one bedroom flat located on the 6th floor of a nice building with a balcony and Eiffel Tower view. It is sooo beautiful at night when it lights up. There is a lift. There is a pretty bathroom with a hairdryer... A large living room/ dinning room with an open kitchen. You will find a black leather sofa bed in the living room that can sleep 2 people. It is very comfortable. A flat tv and speakers if you want to play some music. In the kitchen there is an oven, a fridge, a washine machine and a dryer, a coffee maker, a toaster, plates, cutlery... The bedroom is very cosy with a very comfortable double bed. It is a very lively area. There is a bakery, a ""Monoprix"" (shop), ""Tabac"", cafés, restaurants, a parc...  The flat is located by the Parc Des Princes. It is a 5 minutes walk to the tube station ""Porte de Saint Cloud"". 4 kms to the Eiffel Tower. It is a bright flat."	"It is a one bedroom flat located on the 6th floor of a nice building with a balcony and Eiffel Tower view. It is sooo beautiful at night when it lights up. There is a lift. There is a pretty bathroom with a hairdryer... A large living room/ dinning room with an open kitchen. You will find a black leather sofa bed in the living room that can sleep 2 people. It is very comfortable. A flat tv and speakers if you want to play some music. In the kitchen there is an oven, a fridge, a washine machine and a dryer, a coffee maker, a toaster, plates, cutlery... The bedroom is very cosy with a very comfortable double bed. It is a very lively area. There is a bakery, a ""Monoprix"" (shop), ""Tabac"", cafés, restaurants, a parc...  The flat is located by the Parc Des Princes. It is a 5 minutes walk to the tube station ""Porte de Saint Cloud"". 4 kms to the Eiffel Tower. It is a bright flat."
22729	Appartment surrounded by gardens and 2 large terraces. bedroom with double-bed, large and bright living-room, kitchen, bathroom with bath, independent toilets, dressing room Contemporary furnished and fully equiped appartment: TV, high-speed internet (WI-FI), microwave/oven/grill, frigidaire and freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, induction cooker, folding beds, vacuum cleaner, hairdryer, linens, .. 	Located in a private residence with porter: elegant appartment a few minutes walking distance from Rolland Garros and 10 min. drive from Trocadéro and Eiffel Tower. Supermarkets, groceries, backeries and many bars, restaurants  in streets nearby Appartment surrounded by gardens and 2 large terraces. bedroom with double-bed, large and bright living-room, kitchen, bathroom with bath, independent toilets, dressing room Contemporary furnished and fully equiped appartment: TV, high-speed internet (WI-FI), microwave/oven/grill, frigidaire and freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, induction cooker, folding beds, vacuum cleaner, hairdryer, linens, .. To the whole appartment I will be happy to welcome you, then communicate by phone or emails in French, English or German (fluently spoken). If needed, the porter is always helpful. Animated and typical open air French market 3 times a week, until 1PM. Groceries, backeries and several supermarkets (opened 7 days a week, until 9-10 pm 6 days a week)
22730	This charming studio is ideal for a young couple, who want enjoy Paris. The place is great, with two subway lines, a bike station just in front of the flat, but also bus. On the place you will find two supermarkets, two banks, a post office, pharmacy, but also restaurants, tobacco, bakery. 	Cosy studio (20 m²) ideal for young couple who want enjoy Paris. Closed to the Effeil Tower, (10min)  you will find two subway lines and a bike station. In the street, there are supermarkets, banks, pharmacy, post office, and others shops. This charming studio is ideal for a young couple, who want enjoy Paris. The place is great, with two subway lines, a bike station just in front of the flat, but also bus. On the place you will find two supermarkets, two banks, a post office, pharmacy, but also restaurants, tobacco, bakery. There is access to internet by wifi, and television. You can also use the wash machine.
22731		un bel appartement de 50m carré, en plein paris ,16 eme arrondissement, a deux pas du parc des princes
22732	Studio au 5ème (ascenseur) très bien aménagé situé dans un quartier chic, agréable, calme et sûr. Situé à proximité de très nombreux commerces, boutiques et transports. Idéal pour découvrir Paris depuis ses beaux quartiers.	1 lit 1 place + un canapé-lit 2 places + 1 lit bébé pliable, Ascenseur Proche RolandGarros dans jolie quartier d'Auteuil. Lieux touristique à 15-20mn (Tour Eiffel/Trocadero, Champs Elysées, Opera, St Germain, Notre-dame, ..) Métro, RER C, Bus, Vélib. Studio au 5ème (ascenseur) très bien aménagé situé dans un quartier chic, agréable, calme et sûr. Situé à proximité de très nombreux commerces, boutiques et transports. Idéal pour découvrir Paris depuis ses beaux quartiers. Quartier chic de Paris, calme et sûr, très agréable. Nombreux commerces, boutiques et restaurants de qualité. Métro: ligne 9 (station Jasmin) et 10 (stations Michel Ange Auteuil, Mirabeau, ...) RER C: stations Boulainvilliers, Kennedy, Javel (vers Château de Versailles)  Bus: 22 (vers Opera), 52, ... Station de Vélib.
22733		Proche tous commerces et transports. T2 de 45m2, meublé, tout équipé, Parquet et moulures, très calme et lumineux, dans un immeuble Haussmannien. Accès WiFI, Internet,TV G. écran, Lave/Sèche linge, cuisine équipé. Chambre avec 2 couchages.
22734	L'appartement est composé d'une chambre  avec un lit double donnant sur un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 couchages. La salle de bain est équipée d'une  baignoire. La cuisine est entièrement équipée ( four, réfrigérateur,  congélateur, lave-vaisselle ).	2 pièces dans immeuble parisien proche toutes commodités et lignes de métro (Porte d'Auteuil, Exelmans) Proximité Roland Garros, Parc des Princes et Piscine Molitor   Chambre très calme donnant sur un salon lumineux avec cuisine entièrement équipée L'appartement est composé d'une chambre  avec un lit double donnant sur un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 couchages. La salle de bain est équipée d'une  baignoire. La cuisine est entièrement équipée ( four, réfrigérateur,  congélateur, lave-vaisselle ). Accès à la totalité de l'appartement. L'appartement se trouve proche du site de Roland Garros, du stade Jean Bouin, des Serres d'Auteuil, de la piscine Molitor et du bois de Boulogne. De nombreux commerces et restaurants sont accessibles à pied. L'appartement se situe proche des stations de métro (moins de 5 mn à pied)  Porte d'Auteuil ( Ligne 10 ) et  Exelmans ( Ligne 9 ). La ligne de bus PC1 qui fait le tour de Paris est à moins de 300 m. Deux parkings payant se trouvent à moins de 500 m.
22735	Small cozy quiet fancy haussman	PARIS 16 AUTEUIL  - SUNNY and QUIET! boulevard montmorency , first floor , digital entry , we offer you this apartment in a fancy neighborhood : nice studio sofa bed with kitchen with fridge . bathroom with real shower. Large Windows for brightness. Building in perfect condition. Central heating. Very safe area.  (More pic coming soon ) Small cozy quiet fancy haussman Nearby  Parc des prince  Rolland garros  Hippodrome auteuil et longchamp Auteuil lake Eiffel tower  Champs élysées Tour montparnasse Invalide Very quiet and fancy , convenient store across street as the laundromat or the bakery for fresh Croissant and Baguette  :) At the Place Auteuil 2mn away you can find nice good bars restaurant with fine wine ... Metro jasmin 2mn Metro porte d'auteuil 2mn Velib in front of the building Laundromat around the corner PARIS 16 AUTEUIL Carrefour ( not market ) big store with everything you need to buy at affordable price ... Its located about 5mn away... Open from 8:30am to 10pm ...
22736	The area may be describe as below : a small entrance,  a shower room with toilet and washing machine  a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, nespresso, oven, microwave, ....  a large living room with a sofa bed, a desk and cupboards  The living room overlooks the quiet garden terrace  	This studio is located on the ground floor (1st american floor) of an Hausmanian-building, it has been 2014 refurnished during Spring. It can accomodate 2 persons  The area may be describe as below : a small entrance,  a shower room with toilet and washing machine  a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, nespresso, oven, microwave, ....  a large living room with a sofa bed, a desk and cupboards  The living room overlooks the quiet garden terrace  The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may have.  We will also meet our guests on their day of departure. The area is well-know of its remarkable 19th century buildings built by Hausmann, its large avenues, prestigious schools and large parks. the area hosts large sporting venus such as the Parc des Princes and the Rollant 
22737		Charming parisian studio, perfect for hosting a couple. Everything is new in the appartement (kitchen, bathroom, ...). For the lover, there is a turntable, some french and english books that you can enjoy! Two métro stations from Trocadéro! Free wifi wireless!
22738	This beautiful apartment is located in a beautiful stone building on the 5th floor in the heart of the village of Auteuil in Paris. 2 minutes from the metro, gardens and shops. It can accommodate 2 people. This 70m2 apartment will seduce you with its large volume ceilings and moldings It is composed of - The entry-hall - A living room that overlooks the large balcony - A dining room for up to 8 people overlooking the balcony - A fully equipped and independant kitchen (microwave oven, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, toaster, coffee maker, ...) - One bedroom with double bed (160) and large closets - A bathroom with toilet 	This beautiful apartment is located in a beautiful stone building on the 5th floor in the heart of the village of Auteuil in Paris. 2 minutes from the metro, gardens and shops. It can accommodate 2 people. This 70m2 apartment will seduce you with its large volume ceilings and moldings It is composed of - The entry-hall - A living room that overlooks the large balcony - A dining room for up to 8 people overlooking the balcony - A fully equipped and independant kitchen (microwave oven, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, toaster, coffee maker, ...) - One bedroom with double bed (160) and large closets - A bathroom with toilet The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may have.  We will also meet our guests on their day of departure. The 16th district is one of th
22739		Quiet, bright one-bedroom apartment in the 16th.  Great access to transportation just minutes away - Metro Line 9 and Buses 22, 72, 62 and PC1.  I am only looking to rent to someone who will take the entire rental period of June 4-21st.
22740	Situated under the roofs of Paris, peaceful and luminous, close to the village d'Auteuil, this 13m² studio will be perfect if you want to rest and enjoy the parisian life. Lines 9 and 10, 15 mn from the city centers (St Lazare, St Michel). 8th floor with lifter.	Situated under the roofs of Paris, peaceful and luminous, close to the village d'Auteuil, this 13m² studio will be perfect if you want to rest and enjoy the parisian life. Lines 9 and 10, 15 mn from the city centers (St Lazare, St Michel). 8th floor with lifter.
22741	Welcome in our beautiful south-facing studio giving onto a green yard. Very pleasant to live with a big detail(room) (25 m2), an equipped kitchen (oven, hot plates, microwaves, refrigerator) and a bathroom (with bathtub and washer). Building recent and very well maintained with an elevator.	Welcome at home in our cosy studio with a great sunny view and a balcony (6th floor with an elevator). Situated in the Eiffel Tower district : a beautiful, calm and charming district with a lot of shops (groceries, bakeries, supermarkets) Welcome in our beautiful south-facing studio giving onto a green yard. Very pleasant to live with a big detail(room) (25 m2), an equipped kitchen (oven, hot plates, microwaves, refrigerator) and a bathroom (with bathtub and washer). Building recent and very well maintained with an elevator. Travelers have access to all the facilities of the apartment. We welcome our guests ourselves and give them information on the neighborhood, including restaurants that we know well. Our flat is located in a nice quiet neighborhood steeped in history (the Mirabeau bridge, buildings Guimard, Passy, Bois de Boulogne). We are close to the Seine and the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero and Radio-France. You will find many shops (bakeries, grocery stores, caterers) and restaurant
22742		Well lit spacious apartment fully equipped and lavishly furnished in a calm neighborhood with convenient stores nearby and quick easy metro access to all major sites in the city (10 mn to the Eiffel Tower by the subway and 25 to Notre Dame)
22743	chambre proche roland garros et  champ de courses d' auteuil  commerces à proximité  	chambre 8m2,8ème étage  par escalier,douche,lavabo ,wc sur palier,kitchinette,frigo,lit clic clac,commerces,métro porte d'auteuil(10) Room 8m2,8floor by stair,shower,kitchen, frig,bed clic clac,bathroom same level,shops,restaurants close chambre proche roland garros et  champ de courses d' auteuil  commerces à proximité acces par code d'entrée quartier arrondissement XVI ème  rue d'auteuil proche  située au 4 villa chanez , 4 rue chanez proche du métro ligne 10 station porte d'auteuil une participation pour l'électricité environ 25/30 Euro par mois (avance sur consommation)
22744	This gem of a studio is leading to the best view of the Eiffel tower Paris has to offer. It is 19 square meters, on the 7th floor in a 20th century building. It sleeps 2 people cozily.   This apartment is fully equipped with the best essentials.	This  gem studio is (email hidden) leading to the best view of the Eiffel tower Paris has to offer. 19 square meters 7th floor in a 20th century building, sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with the best essentials.  This gem of a studio is leading to the best view of the Eiffel tower Paris has to offer. It is 19 square meters, on the 7th floor in a 20th century building. It sleeps 2 people cozily.   This apartment is fully equipped with the best essentials. . This ideal location has a lovely mix of clam, but yet your just skip away from some amazing, shopping, sight seeing, and next to the Bois Boulogne, perfect for people who love to jog. Easy access to 4 metro lines, and buses 82, 22, 30 Please view our House Rules before making a reservation we charge separately for our cleaning fee we also have a late check in charge. Thank You.
22745	The first room is a living room of 15m2 with a sofa bed (160cm wide for the bed) very comfortable, another sofa, a dining room table for up to 6 seated people and a TV. The second room is a bedroom of 15 m2 with a 160cm-wide double bed.  Sheets are provided during your stay. The bathroom has a large bath, a sink and a hairdryer. Towels are provided during your stay.  The toilets are separated and have a small sink. The kitchen is fully equipped: - Oven, toaster, raclette and french pancakes machine, - Hotplates, - Nespresso machine, - Dishwasher, - Refrigerator - freezer, - Washing machine, dryer, iron and ironing board ... 	I propose a one bedroom (two rooms) apartment of 50m2 close to Roland Garros and Longchamp hippodrome. It is on the 6th floor (with elevator) and overlooks two quiet courtyards. The apartment is very bright and in an elegant neighborhood.  The first room is a living room of 15m2 with a sofa bed (160cm wide for the bed) very comfortable, another sofa, a dining room table for up to 6 seated people and a TV. The second room is a bedroom of 15 m2 with a 160cm-wide double bed.  Sheets are provided during your stay. The bathroom has a large bath, a sink and a hairdryer. Towels are provided during your stay.  The toilets are separated and have a small sink. The kitchen is fully equipped: - Oven, toaster, raclette and french pancakes machine, - Hotplates, - Nespresso machine, - Dishwasher, - Refrigerator - freezer, - Washing machine, dryer, iron and ironing board ... The district: Elegant and very safe, next to Roland Garros tennis courts and the Longchamp hippodrome for running or horse racin
22746		Bienvenue dans le quartier d'Auteuil où est niché notre studio 50 m2, dans un endroit calme et central. Ce studio est typiquement parisien, proche de boutiques, restaurants et métros.
22747	Grande cuisine avec cuisinière avec plaque à induction.	Beautiful flat near all shops, 4 min walking from the underground, 15 min walking to the Parc des Princes, 15 min with underground to the Eiffel Tower. Big kitchen all equiped, batheroom with all comodities, living room with a bed-sofa for 2 people.
22748	L'appartement avec ses deux balcons offrent une double exposition et une vue dégagée sur le boulevard Exelmans. Toutes les pièces ont une porte fenêtre avec un accès direct. Appartement calme, clair et ensoleillé.	110m² situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble moderne. Sur le Boulevard Exelmans, à 1 minutes du Métro, cette appartement est composé d'une entrée, séjour, salle à manger, une cuisine entièrement équipé, deux chambres avec chacune un lit double, une grande salle de bain avec douche et baignoire L'appartement avec ses deux balcons offrent une double exposition et une vue dégagée sur le boulevard Exelmans. Toutes les pièces ont une porte fenêtre avec un accès direct. Appartement calme, clair et ensoleillé. L'appartement se trouve à 50m du Metro Exelmans (Ligne 9). Le quartier est très bien desservi, les plus grands sites touristiques comme la Tour Eiffel, les Champs Élysées sont accessible directement via la ligne 9.
22749	Your trendy apartment comprises a bedroom with double bed and wardrobe, a bathroom with large sink, bathtub & shower and washing machine, and a living room with has a large sofa (which converts to a comfortable sofa-bed). There is a flat screen TV and a Wi Fi Internet modem for free high speed internet access. The kitchen area includes oven, fridge, induction hob, microwave and dish washer.	Your charming and luxurious 36 sqm apartment is located in the 16th arrondissement, on the 6th floor of an early 20th century building and it sleeps only 2 people. It has been renovated in a light and clean contemporary style with parquet floors. Your trendy apartment comprises a bedroom with double bed and wardrobe, a bathroom with large sink, bathtub & shower and washing machine, and a living room with has a large sofa (which converts to a comfortable sofa-bed). There is a flat screen TV and a Wi Fi Internet modem for free high speed internet access. The kitchen area includes oven, fridge, induction hob, microwave and dish washer. Free wifi internet access Wide choice of TV channels We are living in Paris and can help during your stay. Maid will come twice a month or after your stay if less than 1 week. Often referred to as a village, the Auteuil district takes its name from the commune of Auteuil, which became part of the city of Paris in 1860. It lies between the Bois de Boulogne a
22750	Charmant 2 pièces, très lumineux, à deux pas du métro Michel-Ange Auteuil (ligne 9 et 10). Le charme d'un appartement ancien Haussmanien dans un appartement très fonctionnel. Moulures au plafond et cheminée, beaucoup de miroirs. D'une superficie de 57 m2 l'appartement possède : 1 belle chambre, 1 séjour-salle à manger, 1 salon, 1 grande cuisine toute équipe, 1,5 salle de bain, 1 entrée. 1 balcon filant sur toute la longueur du salon / séjour.	Charmant 2 pièces, très lumineux, à deux pas du metro Michel-Ange Auteuil. Le charme d'un appartement Haussmanien dans un appartement très fonctionnel. Moulures au plafond et cheminée. D'une superficie de 57 m2 l'appartement possède : 1 belle cha Charmant 2 pièces, très lumineux, à deux pas du métro Michel-Ange Auteuil (ligne 9 et 10). Le charme d'un appartement ancien Haussmanien dans un appartement très fonctionnel. Moulures au plafond et cheminée, beaucoup de miroirs. D'une superficie de 57 m2 l'appartement possède : 1 belle chambre, 1 séjour-salle à manger, 1 salon, 1 grande cuisine toute équipe, 1,5 salle de bain, 1 entrée. 1 balcon filant sur toute la longueur du salon / séjour. En plein coeur du charmant village d'Auteuil, quartier emblématique du prestigieux 16ème arrondissement de Paris. Emplacement calme et accessible mais bénéficiant d'une vraie vie de quartier typiquement parisienne : marché, cafés, restaurants, brasserie, kiosque. A proximité de nombreux centres d'intérêts
22751	"A cozy authentic Parisian apartment from the XIXth century which houses the spirit of that time period.  This chic apartment is fully accomodated with a king size bed, a cozy salon to enjoy French wine in dim light with a sparkling view of the Eiffel.  The ""Tomette"" floor from the beginning of last century, will make you feel as though you were taken back to the Belle Époque. The Chimney and its mirror is a unique piece, from the Napoleonic era and is still intact. It has a little kitchenette that’s just enough to make yourself a crêpe a la Nutella in the mornings. You might also find some French classics, from last century on the small library. The very rare view is what adds charm to this top floor apartment as you have the Eiffel Tower in all its glory right infront of you (from the living room or bedroom windows).  The apartment welcomes anyone from couples who want a romantic getaway, people who dream to feel the Parisian spirit being in the heart of it all or families and seniors"	"A cozy, classy and authentic Parisian apartment from the XIXth century. Located in the most luxurious area of Paris. The view of the eiffel tower is just incredible.  300m to EIFFEL TOWER - 800m to Champs Elysées - 100m to Trocadero - 50m to metro. A cozy authentic Parisian apartment from the XIXth century which houses the spirit of that time period.  This chic apartment is fully accomodated with a king size bed, a cozy salon to enjoy French wine in dim light with a sparkling view of the Eiffel.  The ""Tomette"" floor from the beginning of last century, will make you feel as though you were taken back to the Belle Époque. The Chimney and its mirror is a unique piece, from the Napoleonic era and is still intact. It has a little kitchenette that’s just enough to make yourself a crêpe a la Nutella in the mornings. You might also find some French classics, from last century on the small library. The very rare view is what adds charm to this top floor apartment as you have the Eiffel Tower in"
22752	This studio of 12 m2 consists of a sunny room with 1 large windows overlooking a nice quiet way. It is located on the 3rd floor of a building WITH elevator, guarded by a concierge. The entire apartment has just been renovated: The kitchen area is new: trendy, it is equipped with everything that can be useful during your stay (refrigerator, freezer, large multifunction oven, hob, toaster, kettle, kitchen utensils.) We leave for you: coffee, sugar, tea and chocolate are available The studio is equipped with a quality sofa bed for everyday sleeping (140/200): Opened it's a real Mattress (30cm thick) and high speed Internet wifi. Shower and toilet are present in the back of the room, behind a blind. Rent possible at night or if necessary by Month (for a long stay)	       Beautiful studio on private courtyard with lift, Metro porte de St. Cloud  a few minutes or porte d'auteuil in the fancy sixteenth arrondissement of Paris. Quiet and elegant This studio of 12 m2 consists of a sunny room with 1 large windows overlooking a nice quiet way. It is located on the 3rd floor of a building WITH elevator, guarded by a concierge. The entire apartment has just been renovated: The kitchen area is new: trendy, it is equipped with everything that can be useful during your stay (refrigerator, freezer, large multifunction oven, hob, toaster, kettle, kitchen utensils.) We leave for you: coffee, sugar, tea and chocolate are available The studio is equipped with a quality sofa bed for everyday sleeping (140/200): Opened it's a real Mattress (30cm thick) and high speed Internet wifi. Shower and toilet are present in the back of the room, behind a blind. Rent possible at night or if necessary by Month (for a long stay) Direct access by line 9 towards the Trocadero, C
22753	situated in the 16th borough of Paris, place very quiet, this room of 10.5m2 is sufficient to have a great stay in Paris. It contains hotplate, microwave and fridge with the utensils for the kitchen. It have one twin bed and another bed floor. It contains a small washbasin but the bathrooms are in the floor, they are clean up everyday. It have a lot of bathrooms on the floor, then it be rare all bathrooms are unavailable at the same time and you can have a very great view of the Eiffel tower when you take a shower :)	situated in the 16th borough of Paris, place very quiet, this room of 10.5m2 is sufficient to have a great stay in Paris. It contains hotplate, microwave and fridge with the utensils for the kitchen. It have one twin bed and another bed floor. It contains a small washbasin but the bathrooms are in the floor, they are clean up everyday. It have a lot of bathrooms on the floor, then it be rare all bathrooms are unavailable at the same time and you can have a very great view of the Eiffel tower when you take a shower :) I'll be here at check in and check out, you can call me every time in your stay. This is the richest part of Paris, this is very calm and neat ! the block is at 100 meters from the subway station Jasmin. The Eiffel tower is exactly at 2.5 kilometers from home :)
22754	My flat is located in one of the best areas of Paris.  I love my wooden floor so please pay extra attention to it :) The building is quiet and boasts only two flats per floor unfortunately not suitable if you are in town to throw parties and after parties.	My all furnished, beautiful flat is located in the 16th district of Paris on of the most classy and safe areas of Paris.  Porte de Saint Cloud tube station offers a direct access to the Eiffeil Tower, Champs Elysées Galeries Lafayettes and Opera! My flat is located in one of the best areas of Paris.  I love my wooden floor so please pay extra attention to it :) The building is quiet and boasts only two flats per floor unfortunately not suitable if you are in town to throw parties and after parties. Bars, restaurants, Bois de Boulogne park with lake if you fancy  or walks. I will be reachable during your stay for any question you may have. 2min walk -Metro Porte de Saint Cloud  -Line 9- 2min walk -Bus 62 -PC1 Double bed in the room. And one comfortable extra matress is  available.
22755		Un appartement de 80 m², tout confort, calme et fonctionnel.
22756		Immeuble de charme fin XIX siècle au coeur du très recherché et village d'Auteuil. Tous transports et commerces immédiats. Appartement lumineux au charme unique et bienfaisant. 80% de matériaux naturels,  décoration originale et bien-être assuré. 
22757	The flat is on the top floor of the building (7th floor) and is accessibale by an elevator. Very spacious (50 square meters) and sunny 2-room appartment, all furnished, which includes : - 1 bedroom with a king-size bed and a small balcony. - 1 american style bar separating the kitchen from the living-room  - The kitchen includes a dishwasher, whasing-machine, micro-waves, grill, blender... - The living room has 2 leather sofa, one being convertible into a bed for 2 people, 1 plasma TV with a home cinema and a dvd player. - 1 bathroom with a bathtube (please be aware that a damage water caused by our neighboor has just occured. You can see the damage wall in our set of pictures. This will be fixed in October). - Internet access (wifi) and cable TV	Dear travellers, We are offering you the possibility to rent our stunning and very sunny flat located in the 16th district near the well-known Trocadero (6 metro stations from our flat), Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower, and Champs Elysees (15min by public transportation). The location is ideal for a romantic or a family travel ; the neighborhood is very quiet, clean and safe. And from a short distance using the tube, you will access easily to the vibrant part of the city.
22758	Apartment with many charm, Style 30's with parquet floor out of wooden and decorative chimney. 	Near Parc des Princes and Eiffel Tower, within walking distance of the quays of the Seine, in calm district, Rents apartment with parquet floor wood, central heating, bathroom, WC, functional Kitchen, living room and bedroom. Ideal couples or alone. Apartment with many charm, Style 30's with parquet floor out of wooden and decorative chimney.  Kitchen: microwave; fridge, dishes Bathroom: shower, towel District of 16th is vast and counts many green spaces. Near the district there are le Parc d'Acclimatation, le  Bois de Boulogne, l'Hypodrome de Longchamp and le Parc des Princes, Rolland Garros. you can appreciate the view of Eiffel Tower and visit many monuments.... Take Subway Line 9 direction Pont de Sèvres and Stop to Porte de Saint Cloud
22759	Loft appartement with roof windows One bedroom (2 people) 	Loft  10 mn by walk from Eiffel tower and Arc de Triomphe Very quite Loft appartement with roof windows One bedroom (2 people) Wifi Very quite neighborhood Old style french building Metro station:  - Ligne 6: Boissière  - Ligne 9: Iena  - Ligne 2: Victor Hugo Bus Station:  - Ligne 30: Kleber Boissière  - Ligne 22: Kleber Boissière  - Ligne 68: Place Iena  - Ligne 82: Boissière
22760	Métro Rue de la Pompe (Ligne 9) Métro Trocadéro (Ligne 6) Bus 52 Station rue de la Pompe  Bus 22 Station Trocadéro Bus 63 Station Georges Mandel	Charming studio, very bright and welcoming in Haussmann style building.  Strategic Location: 5 min walk from the Trocadero / Eiffel Tower and 10 minutes by bus from the area Etoile.  Well connected, bus, subway and all shops and amenities nearby.
22761		Beau deux pièces 55m2 immeuble haussmanien. Parquet. Style moderne épuré. A 5 minutes à pied de l'arc de triomphe et des Champs Élysées. Cuisine américaine équipée. Une chambre avec grande TV. Grand canapé pouvant servir de lit d'appoint. Imac et internet fibre. Metro ligne 2 Victor Hugo Metro ligne 6 Boissière
22762	"60m ² appartment, design, 100 m² wooded terrace. View of the Eiffel Tower and the ""roof of Paris"". Comfortable apartment - All proximities - 16th district of Paris near the Parc du Ranelagh, rue de Passy and all the shops. Elevator to get at the 9th floor, ninth and last floor."	"60m ² appartment, design, 100 m² wooded terrace. View of the Eiffel Tower and the ""roof of Paris"". Comfortable apartment - All proximities - 16th district of Paris near the Parc du Ranelagh, rue de Passy and all the shops. Elevator to get at the 9th floor, ninth and last floor."
22763	Nice typical parisian studio (20 square meters) in a very elegant building. It is a small studio but very convenient to visit Paris. The building is from a classic Parisian architecture(Haussman), and it is very quiet. It has everything you need to spend a few days, it is fully equipped like a little home.	A nice studio located in the beautiful and convenient area of Trocadéro, 5 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. Nice typical parisian studio (20 square meters) in a very elegant building. It is a small studio but very convenient to visit Paris. The building is from a classic Parisian architecture(Haussman), and it is very quiet. It has everything you need to spend a few days, it is fully equipped like a little home. Wifi Bed linens Towels (1/person) Washing machine Fully equipped There is no parking available We speak fluently French, English and Spanish. Very convenient area to visit Paris: -Eiffel Tower ( 5mn walk) -Trocadero place ( 2mn walk) -Champs Elysees ( 25 min walk) -Museum of Marine, Chaillot Theatre, Aquarium of Paris within 7 min walking -Museum of Modern Art, Museum of Contemporary Art ( Palais de Tokyo), Museum of fashion, Museum of Asian Art within 10 min walking There is a street market every wednesday and Saturday morning in the avenue. All day long there are many shops an
22764	Immeuble de Haut standing dans le XVIème arrondissement, sécurisé  interphone.  Le studio très  calme et clair et sans vis à vis, il est face à un jardin. Il se situe  dans une rue piétonne, dans laquelle le stationnement des voitures n'est pas autorisé. Mais autours,  à moins de 50 m de chez vous, à 3 minutes à pied, il y a des rues avec de nombreux commerces ( cavistes, supermarchés, boulangers, bouchers, poissonniers, primeurs, des fleuristes, des pharmacies....) des cafés,  des restaurants (pizza, crêperie et très bons restaurants français et asiatiques), un bureau de postes, des banques, téléphonie...... A 200 mètres, c'est à dire  à 5 minutes à pied, vous trouverez une très belle piscine  et  d'un parc vous pourriez faire du jogging ou simplement vous promener. C'est au coeur de Paris et c'est aussi la campagne. C'est une très bonne adresse, le quartier est sûr.  Idéal pour une personne ou pour un couple. 	Studio  30 m2 dans rue piétone calme et claire. Entrée, cuisine équipée, salle de bain. Pièce principale avec grande  baie vitrée, parquet, canapé- lit pour 2 personnes, table avec 4 chaises, bibliothèque, TV, WIFI, téléphone.. Idéal pour 1 ou 2. Immeuble de Haut standing dans le XVIème arrondissement, sécurisé  interphone.  Le studio très  calme et clair et sans vis à vis, il est face à un jardin. Il se situe  dans une rue piétonne, dans laquelle le stationnement des voitures n'est pas autorisé. Mais autours,  à moins de 50 m de chez vous, à 3 minutes à pied, il y a des rues avec de nombreux commerces ( cavistes, supermarchés, boulangers, bouchers, poissonniers, primeurs, des fleuristes, des pharmacies....) des cafés,  des restaurants (pizza, crêperie et très bons restaurants français et asiatiques), un bureau de postes, des banques, téléphonie...... A 200 mètres, c'est à dire  à 5 minutes à pied, vous trouverez une très belle piscine  et  d'un parc vous pourriez faire du jogging ou s
22765	Very nice studio located in high standing area, Avenue Mozart, Paris 16 district, 7th floor with elevator at metro Jasmin with an amazing Paris panoramic & Tour Eiffel view. There is a little balcony where you can have a drink, spend your time seating, having  a lunch or a romantic diner ! Best view in Paris guarantied ! 	Very nice studio located in high standing area, Avenue Mozart, Paris 16 district, metro Jasmin with an amazing Paris panoramic & Tour Eiffel view. There is a little balcony where you can have a drink, a lunch or a romantic diner ! The studio is REFRESHED and very CLEAN, important do us. Very nice studio located in high standing area, Avenue Mozart, Paris 16 district, 7th floor with elevator at metro Jasmin with an amazing Paris panoramic & Tour Eiffel view. There is a little balcony where you can have a drink, spend your time seating, having  a lunch or a romantic diner ! Best view in Paris guarantied ! There is wifi, telephone, and tv include, electricity, and water also include. Anything you need just feel free to ask me ! Great Paris 16 district, you have Rue d Auteuil only fee minutes walking with all the shops, a great market during the week end for fruits and vegetable, there is also a big Monoprix supermarket there, smaller supermarkets are just in front of the building. In fron
22766	Hello, nous louons un appartement très lumineux et cosy de 50 m² au coeur du quartier de Trocadéro/Victor Hugo, dans le 16è arrondissement.  Dans un immeuble calme à proximité de la place Victor Hugo, l'appartement est très agréable, fonctionnel et bien équipé.  L'appartement a un grand salon, avec un canapé lit, fauteuils et table à manger. La chambre comprend un lit King Size, une commode, l'accès au Wifi et bien sûr des draps et des serviettes. La salle de bains avec baignoire est entièrement équipée. Grâce au canapé lit convertible du salon, nous pouvons recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes dans notre appartement. A deux minutes à pied, vous trouverez la station Victor Hugo (Ligne 2). A 5 minutes, vous trouverez la station Boissière (Ligne 6) par laquelle passent aussi plusieurs lignes de bus.  Plusieurs sites touristiques connus sont accessibles à pied depuis l'appartement, en commençant par la célèbre Avenue des Champs Elysées, mais également la place du Trocadéro et ses vastes jardins. 	Un charmant 2-pièces calme et très bien situé au cœur du Paris historique !  A pieds comme en métro, tout est accessible! Trocadéro/Tour Eiffel (10 min à pieds) et Champs Elysées (5 min) !  Idéal pour un week-end en amoureux ou entre potes pour profiter des plaisirs parisiens ! Hello, nous louons un appartement très lumineux et cosy de 50 m² au coeur du quartier de Trocadéro/Victor Hugo, dans le 16è arrondissement.  Dans un immeuble calme à proximité de la place Victor Hugo, l'appartement est très agréable, fonctionnel et bien équipé.  L'appartement a un grand salon, avec un canapé lit, fauteuils et table à manger. La chambre comprend un lit King Size, une commode, l'accès au Wifi et bien sûr des draps et des serviettes. La salle de bains avec baignoire est entièrement équipée. Grâce au canapé lit convertible du salon, nous pouvons recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes dans notre appartement. A deux minutes à pied, vous trouverez la station Victor Hugo (Ligne 2). A 5 minutes, vous trouverez la 
22767	Functional and clear, with an open view on the Eiffel Tower...  The district is in a residency area, calm and safe. The place is ideal to discover Paris: 5 minutes wolk from the Arc de Triomphe and 10 from Fields of March...  20 minutes to Saint Germain des Prés, with Express Bus 63).	Studio done up like new, with space room, lounge and American kitchen. In 5 minutes walk to Champs-Elysées, close to many  transit (Rer, M, Buses) On the 6th floor without elevator but with a fantastic vue on the Eiffel Tower! Functional and clear, with an open view on the Eiffel Tower...  The district is in a residency area, calm and safe. The place is ideal to discover Paris: 5 minutes wolk from the Arc de Triomphe and 10 from Fields of March...  20 minutes to Saint Germain des Prés, with Express Bus 63).
22768	Le Logement contient deux grandes chambres, avec un grand lit chacune, des armoires pour le rangement, et un grand salon contenant un canapé d'angle convertible, une grande télévision et un petit lit d'une seule place	Charmant appartement pour un séjour parfait à Paris.  Proche de tous les sites touristiques, parfait pour se reposer et visiter en parfaite harmonie avec la vie parisien.  Vous pouvez préparer votre visite de la ville avec votre hôte Le Logement contient deux grandes chambres, avec un grand lit chacune, des armoires pour le rangement, et un grand salon contenant un canapé d'angle convertible, une grande télévision et un petit lit d'une seule place Vous pouvez comptez sur nous pour vous accompagner dans vos démarches tout au long de votre séjour à Paris Quartier traditionnel et résidentiel de Paris.  Très calme et extrêmement sûre  Des familles typiquement parisiennes y vivent.  De bons restaurants et les petits commerces traditionnels, boulangerie, boucher, poissonnier, fleuriste, etc... tout et disponible à moins de 100 mètres  Vous avez un marché traditionnelle français, sur l'avenue la plus proche, 3 fois par semaine, pour une insertion complète dans la Vie parisiennes  Proximité de
22769	"Nice and cosy room in a lovely parisian apartment located on the top floor of a 1930 building.  Breakfast included and from 7 am to 9 am.  The apartment has a terrace facing east, great for having your breakfast & coffee.   Concierge at the entrance of the building + code.  Decoration is mix of modern arts and antiques from all over the world as I travel a lot.  Your have your own bathroom next to your bedroom. Metro Station : Exelmans (100 m) or Michel Ange Molitor just nearby  close by : Seine river, Auteuil area, bois de Boulogne, Roland Garros tennis courts, Parc des princes football stadium. 2 Metro lines will bring you directly to Trocadero, Opera, St Germain des Prés and many more places.  Bus 171 nearby to bring you to Chateau de Versailles.  Quiet and  bright place.  Aircon in the living room if need be.  ""Marché"" large wet market three times a week on the next avenue. Delicious ""Brasserie"" next to the building. Convenient supermarket 100 m away Easy to reach ""Porte de Versail"	"Last floor, super quiet & sunny Space & delicate interior design.  My full assistance to allow you to have a lovely stay in Paris.  Nice and cosy room in a lovely parisian apartment located on the top floor of a 1930 building.  Breakfast included and from 7 am to 9 am.  The apartment has a terrace facing east, great for having your breakfast & coffee.   Concierge at the entrance of the building + code.  Decoration is mix of modern arts and antiques from all over the world as I travel a lot.  Your have your own bathroom next to your bedroom. Metro Station : Exelmans (100 m) or Michel Ange Molitor just nearby  close by : Seine river, Auteuil area, bois de Boulogne, Roland Garros tennis courts, Parc des princes football stadium. 2 Metro lines will bring you directly to Trocadero, Opera, St Germain des Prés and many more places.  Bus 171 nearby to bring you to Chateau de Versailles.  Quiet and  bright place.  Aircon in the living room if need be.  ""Marché"" large wet market three times a we"
22770	En rez-de-chaussée avec vue sur un espace vert privatif	Dans le quartier d'Auteuil, à 2 pas des commerces, cet appartement à la décoration mariant l'ancien et le moderne, offre toutes les commodités d'un logement familial. En rez-de-chaussée avec vue sur un espace vert privatif Quartier familial A proximité des métros Jasmin et Eglise d'Auteuil
22771		24M2 studio located on the ground floor of a quiet district. Private bathroom with toilet and a shower. Wifi avaliable, fully equiped kitchen.
22772	Appartement de qualité de 160m2, composé: D'une belle entrée. D'un grand salon de 34m2 avec canapé convertible pour 2 personnes, balcon, home cinéma, câble TV, internet. D'une grande chambre de 16m2 avec une salle de bains (baignoire et douche séparées). D'une chambre avec un lit pour 2 personnes avec salle de bains. D'un bureau avec un canapé lit pour 1 personne. D'une cuisine et d'une salle à manger. 	Appartement de qualité de 160m2, composé: D'une belle entrée. D'un grand salon de 34m2 avec canapé convertible pour 2 personnes, balcon, home cinéma, câble TV, internet. D'une grande chambre de 16m2 avec une salle de bains (baignoire et douche séparées). D'une chambre avec un lit pour 2 personnes avec salle de bains. D'un bureau avec un canapé lit pour 1 personne. D'une cuisine et d'une salle à manger. Sauf pour un dressing, vous aurez accès à la totalité des pièces de l'appartement et à tous les équipements. En semaine, nous devrions êtres présents dans l'appartement, mais en général pas les weekend. Nous serons toujours présent pour vous accueillir afin de vous donner tous les renseignements dont vous auriez besoin et qui vous serons utiles. L'appartement est très bien situé, et se trouve en plein cœur de Paris. Quartier chic idéal pour le shopping, restaurants, cafés et commerces alimentaires. Les nombreuses possibilités de sorties: A 2 minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe, de l'aven
22773	The view	Nice studio located at 10 minutes from Tour Eiffel and Trocadéro with an amazing view Perfect terrace for a romantic dinner, or cool breakfast in a quiet building Decorated with taste You'll be feeling home instantly The view Metro Passy (5min) Metro la Muette (5 min)
22774	Beau studio entièrement refait à neuf avec tout le confort nécessaire pour passer quelques jours et même plus dans la capitale Parisienne.  Situé idéalement dans le 16ème arrondissement, à 3 minutes du métro et également desservi par de nombreux bus.  Il est également à 50m de toutes les commodités : supermarché, boulangerie, restaurants, bars, McDonald (200m)...  Le studio se situe au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans un immeuble ancien.  IL peut accueillir deux personnes. Idéal pour les couples ou les couples d'ami(e)s qui  souhaitent profiter de la beauté de Paris. Nice studio entirely renovated with all the comforts for a few days and even in the capital Paris. Ideally located in the 16th district , 3 minutes from the metro and also served by many buses. It is also 50m from all shops, supermarket, bakery, restaurants, bars, McDonald (200m) ... The studio is located on the 5th floor (no elevator) in a vintage building . it can accomodate two persons . Ideal for couples or couples' fr	Beau studio de 17m², entièrement refait à neuf et meublé dans le 16ème.  Idéale pour 2 personnes : couples ou couple d'ami(e)s !  Proche toutes commodités : commerces et métro (porte de saint cloud).  Quartier très agréable! Beau studio entièrement refait à neuf avec tout le confort nécessaire pour passer quelques jours et même plus dans la capitale Parisienne.  Situé idéalement dans le 16ème arrondissement, à 3 minutes du métro et également desservi par de nombreux bus.  Il est également à 50m de toutes les commodités : supermarché, boulangerie, restaurants, bars, McDonald (200m)...  Le studio se situe au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans un immeuble ancien.  IL peut accueillir deux personnes. Idéal pour les couples ou les couples d'ami(e)s qui  souhaitent profiter de la beauté de Paris. Nice studio entirely renovated with all the comforts for a few days and even in the capital Paris. Ideally located in the 16th district , 3 minutes from the metro and also served by many buses. It is a
22775	4/5 room 85 square meter flat  very light 5 person bed places 1 double room 2 sigle rooms 1 place armchair all with bed decks provided a confortable bathroom in marble with a large iron bath  with towels  a separate wc a separate kitchen with all necessary equipments a unique large view nearly 360 degrees on paris and west districts (Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse Tower, Parc des Princes, La Defense business center, most of paris center monuments...) a large roof top (35 square meters) very appreciable in spring and summer 	a 4/5 room flat for 85 square meters 3 bedrooms for 5 persons double living room with large view on Paris (Eiffel Tow) a back 35 square meter roof top (rare in paris) with table, chairs and transats a separate kitchen a marble bathroom  separate wc   4/5 room 85 square meter flat  very light 5 person bed places 1 double room 2 sigle rooms 1 place armchair all with bed decks provided a confortable bathroom in marble with a large iron bath  with towels  a separate wc a separate kitchen with all necessary equipments a unique large view nearly 360 degrees on paris and west districts (Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse Tower, Parc des Princes, La Defense business center, most of paris center monuments...) a large roof top (35 square meters) very appreciable in spring and summer to the complete flat Very easy to reach the flat from airports (Orly in 20 mn by taxi, Roissy) and main TGV railway stations (Montparnasse in metro in 25mn, Gare de Lyon...). Direct link to the center of paris (metro line 9 
22776	빠리에서 가장 안전하고 빠리스러운 빠리16구에 위치해 있습니다. 최적의 공간 활용으로 시설되어진 콘도로써 기존 접이식 인용 침대와 천장에서 내려오는 에스컬레이트식 2인용 침대까지 4인이 숙박할 수 있습니다	프랑스 빠리16구에 위치한 콘도형 게스트하우스 빠리마구간은 빠리의 고급 호텔보다 뛰어난 시설과 인테리어로 여러분에게 보다 즐겁고 편리한 빠리 관광과 성공적인 출장이 되도록 돕고 있습니다. 프랑스 역사를 뽐내는 대리석 건물에 프랑스 쏘르본(Sorbonne)대학교 시각 디자인과 교수 Mme. Christine Auerbach가 직접 디자인하고 시공한 프랑스 풍 인테리어와 공간 디자인을 통해 소중한 프랑스 여행의 추억을 만들어 보시기 바랍니다. 빠리에서 가장 안전하고 빠리스러운 빠리16구에 위치해 있습니다. 최적의 공간 활용으로 시설되어진 콘도로써 기존 접이식 인용 침대와 천장에서 내려오는 에스컬레이트식 2인용 침대까지 4인이 숙박할 수 있습니다 콘도 안에는 독립된 공간으로 게스트만의 부억과 욕실 그리고 화장실이 갖추어져 있으며 냉장고와 세탁기는 물론 취사도구 등이 전부 준비되어 있습니다. 체크인과 체크 아웃 왜에는 교류하지 않습니다. 단 게스트의 요청으로 침대 씨트 교체나 세탁 요청이 있을 시에는 방문하게됩니다 Paris HorseHouse 빠리마구간은 프랑스 빠리 16구에 위치한 게스트하우스입니다. 빠리 16구는 빠리에서도 가장 부촌으로 손꼽히는 지역으로써 고가의 유명한 건물들과 편의시설들이 밀집해 있으며 가장 안전하고 교통이 편리한 곳으로 알려져 있습니다. 에펠타워, 개선문, 샹젤리제, 콩코오드, 루브르박물관, 오페라, 몽마르트 등 유명 관광지들과 대사관, OECD, 유네스코, 전시장도 10분 거리에 있습니다. 빠리 16구만이 가지고 있는 프랑스 상류층 생활 문화의 독특한 매력까지 한껏 누려보시기 바랍니다 Metro: 9,10번선 Michel angle Molitor역 또는 10번선 Chardon Lagache역에서 100m 약5분거리  버스: 22, 52번 Chardon Lagache 정류장에서 5분거리 공항픽업 기본 2인 70유로  추가 1인당 10유로 빠리픽업 기본  4인 30유로(1~2존), 40유로(3존), 60유로(4존), 70유로(5존) 핸드폰대여
22777	Located in the famous village d'Auteuil area, you will benefit from all facilities next door. Three comfortable bedrooms and a sleeper sofa in the spacious living room provide space to sleep 6 to 8 people. Both living  and dinning rooms have marble cheminees and all three bedrooms as well. The apartment is elegantly decorated, flat TV screens with cable HD channels and blu-ray disk console, and unlimited free high speed wireless internet access.  This Parisian apartment has a complete kitchen that includes stove top, oven, micro-wave oven, large refrigerator, a freezer, a double sink, ample counter space and closets, a washing machine equiped with a tumble dryer, an iron, a vacuum cleaner, a dishwasher, Nespresso coffee maker , kettle ,juice maker and a toaster, dinner ware and serving pieces. Bathroom is equipped with separate italian style shower, double sink and bath, hairdryer, and we provide amenities, such as soaps, shampoos, facial tissues, laundry and dishwahing detergents. We 	This gorgeous, chic and comfortable apartment looks like a town house. Located in the famous village d'Auteuil area, you will benefit from all facilities next door. Three comfortable bedrooms and a sleeper sofa in the spacious living room provide space to sleep 6 to 8 people. Both living  and dinning rooms have marble cheminees and all three bedrooms as well. The apartment is elegantly decorated, flat TV screens with cable HD channels and blu-ray disk console, and unlimited free high speed wireless internet access.  This Parisian apartment has a complete kitchen that includes stove top, oven, micro-wave oven, large refrigerator, a freezer, a double sink, ample counter space and closets, a washing machine equiped with a tumble dryer, an iron, a vacuum cleaner, a dishwasher, Nespresso coffee maker , kettle ,juice maker and a toaster, dinner ware and serving pieces. Bathroom is equipped with separate italian style shower, double sink and bath, hairdryer, and we provide amenities, such as 
22778	We are pleased to welcome you in our warm & charmful apartment, which is located in an exceptional place near THE FAMOUS AVENUE CHAMPS ÉLYSÉES and TROCADERO, the place for the most beautiful view on EIFFEL TOWER. The apartment comfortably welcome 5 people.  There is a bed room with a comfortable 2 places bed (140 cm) and a closet for luggages and clothes. there is also a very comfortable and relaxing living room with a High quality sofa bed for 2 persons (120 cm), a sofa bed for 1 person (70 cm), a dinner table and coffee table. High Speed Internet, WiFi and cable TV are also available.  The kitchen is fully equipped and there is plenty of cooking hardware. We will provide fresh bed linen and towels.	A beautiful and cosy apartment in a fancy neighborhood. Near to Trocadero (3 min walking), the most beautiful view of Eiffel Tower!  And near to champs Elysée (10 min walking to Arc de Triomphe). We are pleased to welcome you in our warm & charmful apartment, which is located in an exceptional place near THE FAMOUS AVENUE CHAMPS ÉLYSÉES and TROCADERO, the place for the most beautiful view on EIFFEL TOWER. The apartment comfortably welcome 5 people.  There is a bed room with a comfortable 2 places bed (140 cm) and a closet for luggages and clothes. there is also a very comfortable and relaxing living room with a High quality sofa bed for 2 persons (120 cm), a sofa bed for 1 person (70 cm), a dinner table and coffee table. High Speed Internet, WiFi and cable TV are also available.  The kitchen is fully equipped and there is plenty of cooking hardware. We will provide fresh bed linen and towels. In the Avenue you will find everything needed concerning the shops/ Restaurants and others : -
22779		Just 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, and 2 minutes from the Seine river and the underground, this newly renovated apartment is practical and comfortable with its private garden. You'll be at the heart of Paris and feel like in the country side.
22780	Your studio is located in the historic centre of Paris, in an very elegant building, at 3 min walk from the Eiffel tower.  The metro is right in front of the appartement and there is plenty of shops and restaurant around.  THE place to stay in Paris This little balcony with Paris in front of you is a real love nest !  Best place to sip a coffee in the morning with the sun rising.	This studio is located in the historic centre of Paris, in an very elegant building, at 3 min walk from the Eiffel tower.  The metro is right in front of the appartement and there is plenty of shops and restaurant around. THE place to stay in Paris Your studio is located in the historic centre of Paris, in an very elegant building, at 3 min walk from the Eiffel tower.  The metro is right in front of the appartement and there is plenty of shops and restaurant around.  THE place to stay in Paris This little balcony with Paris in front of you is a real love nest !  Best place to sip a coffee in the morning with the sun rising. I rent my place when i'm in travel/holiday. So, unfortunately, it's quite rare that i meet my guests. :-( One of the best shopping streets is around the corner !  Calzedonia, Sandro, APC, Agnes B, Comptoir des Cotoniers, Zadig et Voltaire, The Kooples, Aubade, Claudie Pierlot, Ba&sH, Joseph, Etam, Dim, Gap , H&M Etc ! METRO : The station is IN FRONT of the apartment
22781	Beau 2 pièces lumineux  au 3è étage avec ascenceur, avec salon, cuisine toute équipée, chambre avec lit double et salle de bain.  L'appartement est entièrement équipé (frigidaire, four, plaques cuisson,  grille pain, couverts...) salle de bain séparée (douche et wc, machine à laver), chambre avec lit double. Idéalement situé à 200 m du bois de Boulogne et à 5 stations des Champs Elysées. L'appartement est situé métro Jasmin  sur la ligne 9 (ligne 10 également à proximité - métro Michel-Ange Auteuil).Nombreux commerces à proximité de l'appartement. Je me ferai un plaisir de vous accueillir et de vous donner toutes les bonnes adresses aux alentours. Morgane 	Charmant deux pièces situé Porte d'Auteuil. Appartement baigné de lumière donnant sur un jardin. Nombreux commerces. A 5 mn de la ligne 9 et la ligne 10. Beau 2 pièces lumineux  au 3è étage avec ascenceur, avec salon, cuisine toute équipée, chambre avec lit double et salle de bain.  L'appartement est entièrement équipé (frigidaire, four, plaques cuisson,  grille pain, couverts...) salle de bain séparée (douche et wc, machine à laver), chambre avec lit double. Idéalement situé à 200 m du bois de Boulogne et à 5 stations des Champs Elysées. L'appartement est situé métro Jasmin  sur la ligne 9 (ligne 10 également à proximité - métro Michel-Ange Auteuil).Nombreux commerces à proximité de l'appartement. Je me ferai un plaisir de vous accueillir et de vous donner toutes les bonnes adresses aux alentours. Morgane Wifi disponible, TV et chaîne hifi dsponibles. Les draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis et de bonne qualité.
22782	Style Art déco.	Style Art déco. Disponibilité et discrétion. Ambiance parisienne.  Métro, bus, taxi et liaisons aéroports.
22783	Located in a former mansion of the 1850s, this 25m2 apartment with leafy balcony is ideal for a stay in Paris. Wooden floors, high ceilings, French windows and fireplace, it is a typical old Parisian home while being fitted with contemporary furniture. 	"Located in a former mansion, my apartment is ideally located in the sixteenth arrondissement of Paris, near Victor Hugo. Typically parisian with its wooden floors and high ceilings, it will enchant you during your stay in Paris! Located in a former mansion of the 1850s, this 25m2 apartment with leafy balcony is ideal for a stay in Paris. Wooden floors, high ceilings, French windows and fireplace, it is a typical old Parisian home while being fitted with contemporary furniture.  The apartment is equipped with a large sofa ""convertible"" (not a sofa-bed) which serves has daily sleeping. It is really comfortable and easily fold in two movements. It is ideal for two people. I will be available on phone and always reachable. "
22784	Beau studio plein Sud, donnant sur jardin. Aucun vis à vis, très calme. Métro et commerces/Supermarché à la sortie de l'immeuble.  Trocadéro & Tour Eiffel à 10 minutes. Je souhaite vous faire profiter de ce petit cocon Parisien au travers d'AirBnb ! Métro ligne 9 Ranelagh Possibilité de fourniture serviettes de bain 	Bel appartement de standing donnant sur jardin, très calme. Métro et commerces/Supermarché à la sortie de l'immeuble. Je souhaite vous faire profiter de ce cocon Parisien au travers d'AirBnb !    Beau studio plein Sud, donnant sur jardin. Aucun vis à vis, très calme. Métro et commerces/Supermarché à la sortie de l'immeuble.  Trocadéro & Tour Eiffel à 10 minutes. Je souhaite vous faire profiter de ce petit cocon Parisien au travers d'AirBnb ! Métro ligne 9 Ranelagh Possibilité de fourniture serviettes de bain  Café pour petit déjeuner Je vous accueille pour présenter l'appartement Métro ligne 9 Ranelagh
22785		Studio dans copropriété calme et bien tenue. Digicode, interphone, ascenseur. 10 m² Au 2ème étage, clair et calme, refaite à neuf. Kitchenette (micro-onde, 2 plaques, frigo), coin douche et wc, nombreux rangements, canapé-lit 2 places. Face à la tour Effel, côté 16ème arrondissement. A 100 mètres du métro Passy, à 200 mètres du métro Trocadéro
22786	The place has everything -  linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee maker,  water kettle, oven, microwave, dishwasher and washer... We provide you : - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Iron and ironing board -Hairdryer - 1 bedroom with 2 twins beds,  Possible queen bed instead upon request  - 1 sofa bed with futon mattress	This lovely Apartment  is located in the heart of Paris, village d'Auteuil, at only a short distance to the Eiffel Tower, in a nice neighborhood close to many shops, restaurants & cafes. The place has everything -  linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee maker,  water kettle, oven, microwave, dishwasher and washer... We provide you : - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Iron and ironing board -Hairdryer - 1 bedroom with 2 twins beds,  Possible queen bed instead upon request  - 1 sofa bed with futon mattress If you need any advices or suggestions to prepare your trip to Paris, please feel free to give me a call or an email and I will be more than happy to share my tips with you! This lovely Apartment is located in the heart of Paris, village d'Auteuil, at only a short distance to the Eiffel Tower, in a nice neighborhood close to many shops, restaurants & cafes. There is a typical parisian market twice a week. The bus and 
22787	Will be added June 6	Luxury, security, High- standing Residence 10 min from Eiffel Tower, camera surveillance, 24h  concierge services. Lots of french charm: Open-air markets, charming pedestrian streets by the backdoor. Will be added June 6 Will be added June 6 I live alone in the apartment but often travel. I will be available to help you in anyway you need. Will be added June 6
22788	Situated in a private square minutes from the banks of the River Seine is this charming and spacious Hausmannian apartment in the 16th arrondissement - only walking distance of the Eiffel Tower. This 80 square meter apartment sleeps 5 comfortably and contains a gracious and well-appointed living room, formal dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, a foyer and a laundry room. The apartment comes equipped with a queen sized bed in the Master bedroom, two single beds in the guest room, and a pullout sofa in the living room. The Master bathroom features a rainforest shower head and extra-large soaking tub. The Kitchen is recently renovated and comes equipped with an induction stove, microwave, toaster and all appliances. The apartment also includes includes: Washer/Dryer, Dishwasher, WiFi internet access, ceiling fans in the bedrooms, Cable TV, a Blu-ray/DVD Player, a DVD collection, a stereo, and a small Library of English and French Books. The building has an elevator and a 	Charming 2 bed, 2 bath apartment in Paris (16ème).  Hausmannian building in private square, with limited parking.  Apartment is on second floor, with lift, guardian... Walking distance from Eiffel Tower. Situated in a private square minutes from the banks of the River Seine is this charming and spacious Hausmannian apartment in the 16th arrondissement - only walking distance of the Eiffel Tower. This 80 square meter apartment sleeps 5 comfortably and contains a gracious and well-appointed living room, formal dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, a foyer and a laundry room. The apartment comes equipped with a queen sized bed in the Master bedroom, two single beds in the guest room, and a pullout sofa in the living room. The Master bathroom features a rainforest shower head and extra-large soaking tub. The Kitchen is recently renovated and comes equipped with an induction stove, microwave, toaster and all appliances. The apartment also includes includes: Washer/Dryer, Dish
22789	Family 3 BR. flat, really quiet and lightfull with a beautiful view on the Eiffel tower. Located on the 5th floor of a quiet building surrounded by a garden and a backyard. No direct neighboors. One can hear to birds singing ! 1 parental bedroom (king size bed) 1 kids bedroom with 2 beds 1 kid room with a small bed for kids under 6 1 bathroom with shower 1 kitchen  	Family 3 BR. flat, really quiet and lightfull with a beautiful view on the Eiffel tower. Located on the 5th floor of a quiet building surrounded by a garden and a backyard. One can hear birds singing ! Perfect for families with 2-3 kids. Family 3 BR. flat, really quiet and lightfull with a beautiful view on the Eiffel tower. Located on the 5th floor of a quiet building surrounded by a garden and a backyard. No direct neighboors. One can hear to birds singing ! 1 parental bedroom (king size bed) 1 kids bedroom with 2 beds 1 kid room with a small bed for kids under 6 1 bathroom with shower 1 kitchen  Fully equiped : washing/drying machine, dish washer, microwave, induction,  flat screen, Internet+wifi, Bluray+DVD, Hi-fi, iPod base... For long stays above 1 week, our cleaning lady will come once a week (Included) We'll be able to get un touch either through phone, email, Skype... French, English and Spanish spoken ! We'll be there to welcome you in our beautiful city of light. Quiet stree
22790	The layout of the apartment is excellent. Downstairs contains the living space: dining area, kitchen (plenty of dishes and cooking tools, dishwasher, microwaves, oven, coffee maker, toaster), living room (a couch makes into a very comfortable bed for 2 adults), and WC. You can also enjoy an indoor rower. The upstairs has the personal space; three bedrooms: a parental bedroom with private shower, a second bedroom which can fit for 2 adults and a baby (possibility to provide extra baby bed), a third bedroom for a baby (one baby bed), and another bathroom with WC. The apartment is well equipped to host toddlers. Wi-Fi is available and free.	This apartment is very conveninent for families with children or toddlers. There are sufficient beddings for 7 adults and 2 children and one baby under 6 months. 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets. Kitchen has all the supplies that one might need. The layout of the apartment is excellent. Downstairs contains the living space: dining area, kitchen (plenty of dishes and cooking tools, dishwasher, microwaves, oven, coffee maker, toaster), living room (a couch makes into a very comfortable bed for 2 adults), and WC. You can also enjoy an indoor rower. The upstairs has the personal space; three bedrooms: a parental bedroom with private shower, a second bedroom which can fit for 2 adults and a baby (possibility to provide extra baby bed), a third bedroom for a baby (one baby bed), and another bathroom with WC. The apartment is well equipped to host toddlers. Wi-Fi is available and free. If you want to enjoy Paris like a real Parisian in one of the most beautiful and safe district of Paris, this apart
22791		 Idéalement situé, profitez du calme et du confort de ce studio spacieux (32 m2).  Refait à neuf en 2014 et parfaitement équipé (TV, WiFi, linge de qualité...), vous découvrirez Paris dans les meilleures conditions. Tous commerces aux pieds.   
22792	Very cute, calm and confortable 30m2 studio on the 1th floor with windows on passy street!  with a big bed for two people and a small living room. Fully equipped.	Very cute, calm and confortable 30m2 studio on the 1th floor with windows on passy street!  with a big bed for two people and a small living room. Fully equipped. The studio is very well located, it's on passy street wich is very animated with many shops and restaurants and it's only 10 min walk from the Eiffel tower. Two Metro lines (6, 9) and many buses run the street, also a Velib station is right in front of the building.
22793	Décoration très cosy, immeuble ancien sécurisé code sur rue, gardien et digicode central et commerçant quartier Passy  Trocadéro, Tour Eiffel Très calme et très lumineux sur cour fleurie 	60 m2 cosy  imm ancien  PASSY TROCADERO salon 35M2   canape lit 2 enfants ou 1 adulte et  1 chambre lit 2 pers salle bains WC separé très calme/lumineux  3EME  étage sans ascenseur métro Muette ou Passy  RER Boulainvilliers Tres commerçant Gardien Décoration très cosy, immeuble ancien sécurisé code sur rue, gardien et digicode central et commerçant quartier Passy  Trocadéro, Tour Eiffel Très calme et très lumineux sur cour fleurie Commerces dans la rue et restaurants et cafés  (5 min à pied de la rue de Passy). Et à moins de 10 min du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel.  Métro La Muette à 3 minutes, RER à 2 minutes Nombreuses lignes de bus vers Opéra, St Germain des Près, Champs Elysées Bus (22, 52, 32) , métro La Muette ligne 9 et Passy ligne 6, RER C Boulainvilliers. Très bien desservi ATTENTION : les arrivées se font l'après-midi de 13 heures à 19 heures et les départs le matin jusqu'à 12 heures. Sinon frais d'enregistrement tardifs: 20 € ATTENTION : les arrivées se font l'après -midi d
22794	Quiet oasis in the middle of a buzzing area with many great restaurants, bistros, cafes, shops . Spotless apartment with great design in a large and peaceful courtyard. Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions as well as easy access to Metro 2/6/9 stops. 	"Incredible apartment of 70m2 recently renovated, , very tastefully decorated, bright and ideally located in central Paris. Large living room with two windows beautifully exposed, very well equipped kitchen, bedroom Quiet oasis in the middle of a buzzing area with many great restaurants, bistros, cafes, shops . Spotless apartment with great design in a large and peaceful courtyard. Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions as well as easy access to Metro 2/6/9 stops.  Many amenities: dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, microwave, induction cooktop, espresso machine, iron and ironing board,hairdryer, Flat Screen TV with international chanels, Internet WIFI , support Ipod... As much as they need to!! Feel free to ask me any question! Quiet neighborhood, in a very secure area. 10 minutes walk from the Trocadero. Down the building, you will find great boulangeries and different grocery shops, a wine shop, fresh fruits and vegetables, different delicatessen, and the famous ""St"
22795	85 m2 of happiness ! There is a big living room with a comfortable sofa and a big TV, a furnished kitchen with all the crockery you need, a washing machine, a bathroom with a bathtub, and three bedrooms.	"Lovely bedroom (20m2) in a big apartment (85m2) where live two other roommates. The apartment is 10 min away from the Eiffel Tower by foot, in a quiet pretty and shopping-friendly neighbourhood in Paris 16ème. 85 m2 of happiness ! There is a big living room with a comfortable sofa and a big TV, a furnished kitchen with all the crockery you need, a washing machine, a bathroom with a bathtub, and three bedrooms. You will use my bedroom, with a bed for two people, a desk, and a lot of arrangements. You will have access of the kitchen, the living room and the bathroom. We can meet, it depends on the day you will arrive. Anyway I can give you all the advices you will need/want :) The apartment is located really near the Eiffel Tower, you just have to walk 10 minutes. The neighbourhood is nice, quiet but with many shops and grocery stores, and a lot of famous fashion boutiques. The two subways ""Rue de la Pompe"" and ""La Muette"" are 5 minutes away. And the ""Trocadéro"" is 10 minutes away, where"
22796	proximité tour eiffel	Dans appart 67 m2 grande chambre équipée d'un clic clac,tv ,radio -dvd home cinéma table avec chaises et pendant-ensoleillée- accès à cuisine,salle de bain toilettes ,machine a laver avec séchage;fer a repasser etc. ascenseur proximité tour eiffel tout francais et anglais (sommaire) qualité-commerces,supermarché boutiques,restaurants,brasseries bus metro frais de mènage au delà de 7 nuitées
22797	Hello Everyone, Looking for an amazing place to call home during your stay in the lovely city of Paris?. Well, there’s no need to look any further. I have the perfect apartment for you with great style and location, close to public transportation and located in the nicest city neighborhood.   This apartment it’s been rehabbed and styled with a modern and contemporaneous touch. It has an independent bedroom with 1 full size bed, counts as well with a full bathroom, a very modern kitchen and a spacious living room. There’s a second half bathroom on the outside of the apartment but within the unit and you’ll be able to have full access to it. As I mentioned before this lovely apartment it’s located only 15 mins walking distance from Champs Elysées, where you’ll be able to find the nicest bars and nightclubs. Only 5 minutes walking distance to the Arc De Trumphe, and  8 mins to Trocadero where the Tour Eiffel its located.  Transportation is also couple steps away from to 2 train stops, Vic	Hello Everyone, Looking for an amazing place to call home during your stay in the lovely city of Paris?. Well, there’s no need to look any further. I have the perfect apartment for you with great style and location, close to public transportation and located in the nicest city neighborhood.   This apartment it’s been rehabbed and styled with a modern and contemporaneous touch. It has an independent bedroom with 1 full size bed, counts as well with a full bathroom, a very modern kitchen and a spacious living room. There’s a second half bathroom on the outside of the apartment but within the unit and you’ll be able to have full access to it. As I mentioned before this lovely apartment it’s located only 15 mins walking distance from Champs Elysées, where you’ll be able to find the nicest bars and nightclubs. Only 5 minutes walking distance to the Arc De Trumphe, and  8 mins to Trocadero where the Tour Eiffel its located.  Transportation is also couple steps away from to 2 train stops, Vic
22798	The apartement is in a beautiful parisian building, just in front of the famous Mirabeau Bridge on Avenue de Versailles. (15mn by walk from the Eiffel Tower) Appartement offers a quiet setting to its guests while being near the best restaurants and many museums and parks. The business districts of La Défence, Levallois-Perret and Neuilly-Sur-Seine are at a few minutes by taxi or subway.	Appartement of 44sqm in the 16th arrondissment, in front of the Mirabeau Bridge (15mn by walk from the Eiffel Tower) All comodities : Elevator, TV WIFI Washer The apartement is in a beautiful parisian building, just in front of the famous Mirabeau Bridge on Avenue de Versailles. (15mn by walk from the Eiffel Tower) Appartement offers a quiet setting to its guests while being near the best restaurants and many museums and parks. The business districts of La Défence, Levallois-Perret and Neuilly-Sur-Seine are at a few minutes by taxi or subway. Included  Free acess to WIFI network TV cable + DVD  Kitchen equiped (oven + microwave + hob) Bathroom + Washer New bed - large model (190 * 140 cm) Two shopping malls lidl and Carrefour in my street open utill 10 pm, lively cafes, gourmet restaurant, various sport facilities with Velib ( for rent a bike), all at in the same street. The biggest commercial center of Paris (Baugrenelle) is just at 10mn by walk Excellente public transportation  Subwa
22799	Vrai dressing et matériel pour le linge.  Le calme au coeur  de l'animation parisienne.  La possibilité de cuisiner les produits du marché.  	"Situé près des Champs Élysées , grand studio très confortable de 36 m"". Moderne et très propre.   Lit double. Belle baignoire design. Cuisine équipée.  Immeuble haussmanien. Gardien,  télévision, WiFi.  Exellente situation proche des bus reliant les aéroports et de tous les transports.  Tour Eiffel   Arc de Triomphe  Le vrai Paris. Vrai dressing et matériel pour le linge.  Le calme au coeur  de l'animation parisienne.  La possibilité de cuisiner les produits du marché.  Machine Nespresso avec capsules.  Cuiseur vapeur . Produits de base pour la cuisine . Boulangerie autentique dans l'immeuble voisin. Le meilleur marché au bas de l'avenue.  Supermarché ouvert tard à 2 minutes. Sur demande à votre disposition  sèche cheveux, peignoirs et tout autre chose. J'habite juste à côté et suis disponible pour tout renseignement et conseil. Les restaurants, les visites,les événements.  Les Champs Élysées et de nombreux lieux d'exposition tous proches.  Le triangle d'or , l'avenue Montaigne. Toutes"
