8100	This is an old historic building that was built well over a 100 years ago. Views of the canal which is situated just in front of the house. look out onto the water and trees from the window and watch the boats and people as they pass by. 	Unique 1 bedroom apartment located on the historic canal saint martin in 10th arrondissement of paris. Enjoy easy metro access, great restaurants and excellent nightlife all just minutes form the doorstep. Views of the canal from the apartment. This is an old historic building that was built well over a 100 years ago. Views of the canal which is situated just in front of the house. look out onto the water and trees from the window and watch the boats and people as they pass by.  The flat is 42 meters squared. Sleeps 2 people comfortably. One of the most liveable areas in the city. Historic building on the canal saint martin.   Situated near several major metro lines. easy access from the airport with trains running regularly from gare du nord. (10 minutes by foot)
8101	A young architect couple offers a private apartment newly renovated, fully equipped with every comfort. The apartment is ideally located in a lively shopping area where you will experience the real Parisian life. Apartment: Located in a well-maintained typical building of the old Paris, the apartment has a comfortable surface with high ceilings, exposed beams and wooden floor. The apartment is on the 4th floor facing the street without elevator. Two windows facing west without vis-à-vis provide plenty of light. The apartment is very “flexible” and adapts to any situation: living / bedroom, dining room / office / library area. Completely renovated and equipped with: - A real comfortable single bed that can be converted into a large double bed (160x200cm) - A large wardrobe - Desk which can be converted into a dining table for 4 people - A small folding dining table for 2 people - Brand new kitchen equipped with fridge-freezer, oven, hob, kettle, crockery and utensils - Large bathroom wi	A young architect couple offers a private apartment newly renovated, fully equipped with every comfort. The apartment is ideally located in a lively shopping area where you will experience the real Parisian life. Apartment: Located in a well-maintained typical building of the old Paris, the apartment has a comfortable surface with high ceilings, exposed beams and wooden floor. The apartment is on the 4th floor facing the street without elevator. Two windows facing west without vis-à-vis provide plenty of light. The apartment is very “flexible” and adapts to any situation: living / bedroom, dining room / office / library area. Completely renovated and equipped with: - A real comfortable single bed that can be converted into a large double bed (160x200cm) - A large wardrobe - Desk which can be converted into a dining table for 4 people - A small folding dining table for 2 people - Brand new kitchen equipped with fridge-freezer, oven, hob, kettle, crockery and utensils - Large bathroom wi
8102	The bedroom takes part in a spacious (150 m2), typical parisian familial apartment from the early 19e century, with a direct access to the bathroom, the toilets and a large kitchen. It's independent, quiet (double glazed window) and sunny in the morning (east oriented).  The dimensions are 14 m2 for the room, with a 160 x 200 cm bed. Breakfast, bed furniture and towels are included. Ironer and hair-dryer are also available.  La chambre est dans un grand appartement (150m2) de style Empire, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. C’est une chambre indépendante calme (double vitrage) et lumineuse (plein est) donnant directement accès à la salle de bain, puis par un long couloir à la cuisine et aux toilettes. Elle est à l’écart des autres chambres de l’appartement.  Elle est assez grande (14m2). Les dimensions du lit sont de 160 par 200. Le petit déjeuner est inclus et nous fournissons draps et serviettes propres.  A disposition : fer et planche à repasser, sèche-cheveux.  	The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in a quiet street. The bedroom takes part in a spacious (165 m2), typical parisian familial apartment from the early 19e century. The bedroom takes part in a spacious (150 m2), typical parisian familial apartment from the early 19e century, with a direct access to the bathroom, the toilets and a large kitchen. It's independent, quiet (double glazed window) and sunny in the morning (east oriented).  The dimensions are 14 m2 for the room, with a 160 x 200 cm bed. Breakfast, bed furniture and towels are included. Ironer and hair-dryer are also available.  La chambre est dans un grand appartement (150m2) de style Empire, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. C’est une chambre indépendante calme (double vitrage) et lumineuse (plein est) donnant directement accès à la salle de bain, puis par un long couloir à la cuisine et aux toilettes. Elle est à l’écart des autres chambres de l’appartement.  Elle est assez grande (14m2). Les dimensions du lit sont d
8103	Très joli studio entièrement équipé profitant d'une belle terrasse donnant sur un jardin privatif sans vis à vis. Douche équipé d'une filtre anti-chlore. Un place de parking est également disponible en sous-sol de l'immeuble.	Cute, fully equipped apartment with comfortable balcony and lovely view over quiet and private garden. Parking place available
8104	Location: 10 minutes by subway from the center. Situated next to the subway station Goncourt, it's between Republic and Belleville, Two minutes away from the Canal Saint Martin: a very nice and trendy corner of Paris. Bakeries, Cafes, restaurants, fruits, vegetables and cheese market on Sundays. The flat is on the 6th floor. It's 47m2, with a bedroom (160cm bed), a small office (with a library and a desk), and a living room with open kitchen. Balconies on both sides - sun in the morning and in the afternoon. One of the balconies offers a view on Montmartre and the Parisian rooftops - fantastic to have a drink at sunset! There is a small practical bathroom with a shower and a separated toilet. Specific equipment: washing machine - oven - gas cooking set - fridge. Extra mattress for one - perfect for a child. Wifi internet available.	Location: 10 minutes by subway from the center. Situated next to the subway station Goncourt, it's between Republic and Belleville, Two minutes away from the Canal Saint Martin: a very nice and trendy corner of Paris. Bakeries, Cafes, restaurants, fruits, vegetables and cheese market on Sundays. The flat is on the 6th floor. It's 47m2, with a bedroom (160cm bed), a small office (with a library and a desk), and a living room with open kitchen. Balconies on both sides - sun in the morning and in the afternoon. One of the balconies offers a view on Montmartre and the Parisian rooftops - fantastic to have a drink at sunset! There is a small practical bathroom with a shower and a separated toilet. Specific equipment: washing machine - oven - gas cooking set - fridge. Extra mattress for one - perfect for a child. Wifi internet available. Please note that I usually live in this flat with a cat. So I don't recommend my flat to people allergic to cats!
8105		En plein coeur de Paris, studio accueillant et charmant situé à l'intersection du 9ème et du 10ème. Studio calme et fonctionnel pouvant accueillir 2 personnes (lit 2 places). A 5 mn à pieds de gare du nord et des lignes 2 et 7. 6ème...sans ascenseur! A l'intersection des métros Poissonnière, Barbès et de Gare du Nord, cela offre un large choix de lignes de métros. La proximité avec la gare, assure également un flux important de taxis.
8106		"Apartment 42m2, 2 rooms with balcony and ""thai lounge"", quiet, no ""vis-à-vis"", bright, and located in the center of Paris ( 4min walk to Republic square) in a lively neighborhood. Ideal to discover Paris by day and by night. Very close to Republic square, Canal St Martin and Belleville , 15min walk from the Bassin de la Villette, the apartment is also in the center of Parisian nightlife. You will find cafes and restaurants at prices (very) available Station Republique (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11) allows you to go anywhere in Paris very quickly. You're also 15min walk from the Gare du Nord (RER B , direct to Charles de Gaulle airport) and 20 minutes from the Gare de l'Est. The stations Gare d'Austerlitz and Gare St Lazare (and the stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est) are a direct metro from Republique"
8107	The flat has a beautiful view from the balcony on Canal Saint Martin, the heartbeat of the hipster community.  The sun rises over the locks in the living room and office, and sunset happens over chimneys in the bedroom. The flat is cozy and all equipped.  In the living room, dinner table, comfortable sofa bed (if you are more than two), music, books…  The bedroom has a queen bed and no vis-à-vis.  Kitchen is functional (oven, micro-wave, coffee machine…).  Same with bathroom that includes bathtub/shower, toilets, and wash-machine.  Last door is my office.	Welcome home!  You can walk, bike, or metro quickly to all must-see Paris, and then cheer your day on the romantic Canal Saint-Martin.  The place may be small by American standards, but there is nothing like being a true Parisian during your stay! The flat has a beautiful view from the balcony on Canal Saint Martin, the heartbeat of the hipster community.  The sun rises over the locks in the living room and office, and sunset happens over chimneys in the bedroom. The flat is cozy and all equipped.  In the living room, dinner table, comfortable sofa bed (if you are more than two), music, books…  The bedroom has a queen bed and no vis-à-vis.  Kitchen is functional (oven, micro-wave, coffee machine…).  Same with bathroom that includes bathtub/shower, toilets, and wash-machine.  Last door is my office. I did everything so you can feel at home.  I left conveniently most of my personal stuff in the ‘office’.  Otherwise, anything you can see can be used.  Please, leave the flat about the same
8108	A typical atmosphere of Barn, 53m2 in Paris , very well appointed, ground floor on a courtyard. In the day it is bright and airy, at night it is quiet and comfortable. Two separate rooms : a small room with a double bed 140 * 200cm and a more spacious one with two single beds 90 * 200cm . The sheets are provided The bathroom is spacious and features a washing machine. Towels and shower gel / shampoo are not provided The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, microwave, kitchen utensils, dishwasher, fridge... Possibility to get tables and chairs out from the Garage in front, for a pleasant meal in the sun. In short, a ' Haven of Peace ' on the outskirts of St- Martin’s canal ...	"House/Flat on ground level overlooking a sunlit courtyard, near the canal. Enjoyable, ""Voilà La Grange"" ! A typical atmosphere of Barn, 53m2 in Paris , very well appointed, ground floor on a courtyard. In the day it is bright and airy, at night it is quiet and comfortable. Two separate rooms : a small room with a double bed 140 * 200cm and a more spacious one with two single beds 90 * 200cm . The sheets are provided The bathroom is spacious and features a washing machine. Towels and shower gel / shampoo are not provided The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, microwave, kitchen utensils, dishwasher, fridge... Possibility to get tables and chairs out from the Garage in front, for a pleasant meal in the sun. In short, a ' Haven of Peace ' on the outskirts of St- Martin’s canal ... Feel Free to use the entire space. Our only concern is that you feel like at HOME :) I will not be able to provide information during your stay, at least face to face. Though you can contact me on my mobile"
8109	Our home is a 62sq mt 3 room (1 bedroom) flat with nice wooden floors, high ceilings, fireplace and a great view: Colonel Fabien square on one side of the apartment and the Oscar Niemeyer 1960's Communist party building on the other. The apartment is on the 5th floor and there is an elevator. There is one bedroom, one recently refurbished bathroom and kitchen. Dining room, living room. The living room offers a comfortable bedding for 2 (convertible couch). The living room iscompletely searated by doors from the dining room. We offer our entire apartment for rent, whehter you are two, three or four people.  	Our flat is ideally located in the 10th arrondissement in central Paris, right on Place du Colonel Fabien. Just 5 min walking distance to the Canal St Martin and the Buttes Chaumont park. Great location and view! The newest trendy Parisian spot ! Our home is a 62sq mt 3 room (1 bedroom) flat with nice wooden floors, high ceilings, fireplace and a great view: Colonel Fabien square on one side of the apartment and the Oscar Niemeyer 1960's Communist party building on the other. The apartment is on the 5th floor and there is an elevator. There is one bedroom, one recently refurbished bathroom and kitchen. Dining room, living room. The living room offers a comfortable bedding for 2 (convertible couch). The living room iscompletely searated by doors from the dining room. We offer our entire apartment for rent, whehter you are two, three or four people.  Our home has: - dishwasher - washing machine - oven - microwave oven - powerful internet access / wifi - grinding coffee espresso machine -
8110	"Lovely and shiny flat, in a quiet street in the heart of the Marais.  Next to ""The arts et métiers"" in the heart of Paris, this typical apartment (floor-tiles and beams) is situated under roofs (5th floor without elevator) in a building classified louis XV.  Just a step from very trading ""street de Bretagne"" ( famous market "" Des enfants rouges "" ), and the District of ""Les Grands boulevards (Grand Rex cinema, numerous theaters).  You will find a lot of restaurants and brasseries in the surroundings. It is the ideal place to visit Paris by feet. You will find in particular : The square des Vosges The Louvres, The Palais Royal, and the Comédie Française  The Saint Martin canal, Beaubourg, Les Halles The Garnier Opera, the square Vendôme and Galleries Lafayette Saint Louis Island and Notre-Dame-de-Paris  in a 15min area by foot. If however you prefer to borrow the subway lines 3, 4, 5, 8, 9 and 11  at the end of the street. Bedroom upstairs, Bathroom water closet fitted with a crusher, w"	"Loue charmant appartement lumineux dans une rue calme du Marais. Proche des arts et métier au coeur de Paris, cet appartement typique (tomettes et poutres) est situé sous les toits (5ème étage sans ascenseur) dans un immeuble louis XV classé.     Lovely and shiny flat, in a quiet street in the heart of the Marais.  Next to ""The arts et métiers"" in the heart of Paris, this typical apartment (floor-tiles and beams) is situated under roofs (5th floor without elevator) in a building classified louis XV.  Just a step from very trading ""street de Bretagne"" ( famous market "" Des enfants rouges "" ), and the District of ""Les Grands boulevards (Grand Rex cinema, numerous theaters).  You will find a lot of restaurants and brasseries in the surroundings. It is the ideal place to visit Paris by feet. You will find in particular : The square des Vosges The Louvres, The Palais Royal, and the Comédie Française  The Saint Martin canal, Beaubourg, Les Halles The Garnier Opera, the square Vendôme and Gal"
8111	A newly renovated 2 bedroom apartment (65sqm) in the heart of the city. Sytlish and modern, while retailing classic Parisian architectural details. Ideal for a family or two couples.  Kitchen - well equipped with American sized refrigerator, 4 burner gas range, oven, dishwasher. The kitchen also has an island with seating and a washer.  A large open plan living dining room that overlooks the front street. With large table that can accommodate 8 people, or be used as a desk, and two sofas. 2 bedrooms on courtyard, one master with queen sized bed, and a child’s room (with a single bed that folds out into a double). Fully updated bathroom with full-sized bathtub shower/heated chrome towel warmer. 3rd floor . Internet . No TV.	A newly renovated 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of the city. Stylish and modern, while retailing classic Parisian architectural details. Ideal for a family or two couples.  Mostly free on week-ends during the whole year. Central neighborhood. A newly renovated 2 bedroom apartment (65sqm) in the heart of the city. Sytlish and modern, while retailing classic Parisian architectural details. Ideal for a family or two couples.  Kitchen - well equipped with American sized refrigerator, 4 burner gas range, oven, dishwasher. The kitchen also has an island with seating and a washer.  A large open plan living dining room that overlooks the front street. With large table that can accommodate 8 people, or be used as a desk, and two sofas. 2 bedrooms on courtyard, one master with queen sized bed, and a child’s room (with a single bed that folds out into a double). Fully updated bathroom with full-sized bathtub shower/heated chrome towel warmer. 3rd floor . Internet . No TV. Very Central. 5' away
8112	This apartment is ideally located in the heart of the city. You will experience there a true Parisian experience!  In a nice courtyard, this triplex consists of:  - Ground floor, a spacious living room with full open kitchen, dining table for 4 guests, a sofa (update photos to come)  - 1st floor, one bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom / wc  - In the basement, a second bedroom with a double bed and a shower room / wc (update photos to come)	Nice triplex near canal saint-martin in a neighborhood with authentic Parisian charm This apartment is ideally located in the heart of the city. You will experience there a true Parisian experience!  In a nice courtyard, this triplex consists of:  - Ground floor, a spacious living room with full open kitchen, dining table for 4 guests, a sofa (update photos to come)  - 1st floor, one bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom / wc  - In the basement, a second bedroom with a double bed and a shower room / wc (update photos to come) The apartment is located just a few steps from the canal saint-martin, living area of Paris. You'll enjoy the many restaurants and bars of quality. Young designers have also invested the neighborhood, you will find lovely shops at all street corners. The walk along the canal on Sunday when it is closed to traffic, is very nice. It is located a few steps from Jacques Bonsergent metro station (line 5) and 5 minutes from Republic metro station (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 an
8113	Ses poutres anciennes et sa verrière d'atelier lui procurent un charme unique.  Pendant les beaux jours, vous pourrez prendre le petit déjeuner ou l'apéritif sur le balcon ensoleillé.  En hiver, la cheminée vous attend pour un petit feu de bois réconfortant.  La chambre donnant sur cour est un parfaitement calme.	Au cœur du quartier animé du Canal Saint Martin, à 2 min à pied du Métro République, 2 pièces charmant de 60m2, typiquement parisien (poutres, cheminée), avec chambre au calme sur cour. Meublé avec goût et entièrement équipé. Balcon sud ouest. Ses poutres anciennes et sa verrière d'atelier lui procurent un charme unique.  Pendant les beaux jours, vous pourrez prendre le petit déjeuner ou l'apéritif sur le balcon ensoleillé.  En hiver, la cheminée vous attend pour un petit feu de bois réconfortant.  La chambre donnant sur cour est un parfaitement calme. Etant tous deux parisiens, nous nous ferons un plaisir de partager nos bonnes adresses dans le quartier et ailleurs à Paris. L'appartement est situé au coeur du quartier branché et animé du Canal Saint Martin, idéal pour les promenades au bord de l'eau, pour ses nombreux cafés et restaurants ainsi que pour ses charmantes boutiques ouvertes le dimanche.  Vous pourrez également rejoindre à pied le quartier du Marais (square du temps, rue d
8114		Beau 3 pièces lumineux, situé dans un quartier très agréable et animé. Proche du Canal Saint Martin (8mn à pieds) et de la Place de la République (10mn). Situé entre les stations de métro Goncourt et Parmentier. Beaucoup de commerces et de restaurants à proximité. Idéal pour visiter Paris à 2. Salon équipé d'une télévision, d'un lecteur DVD et d'une chaîne hifi. Belle bibliothèque avec livres à disposition. Chambre avec un lit pour 2 personnes et des rangements disponibles. Bureau avec possibilité de rangement. Cuisine équipée. Petite salle de bain avec douche. Toilettes séparées. Stations de métro à proximité: Goncourt, Parmentier et République. Stations vélib et autolib proches.
8115	"There is a musical spirit, I have composed many songs in this room and you can listen to if you visit ""Belle Arché Lou"" on the Internet !"	"My room is a part of a 3 people flat. It is a musician's room. There is a beautiful kilim carpet, an office, a 120 bed and artworks on the wall. It is quiet and overlooks a green courtyard. Its 2 windows makes it bright! There is a musical spirit, I have composed many songs in this room and you can listen to if you visit ""Belle Arché Lou"" on the Internet ! You will have acces to all the flat (kitchen, living room, bathroom) excepting my roomates' rooms, of course. I will be available by email, no problem. We are very close to many good places to hang out. It's a busy district but our street is like an island, cause there is a bug church. We have good breton cafe/restaurants at Rue de Belzunce, especially ""Point du Groin"". We are also at the 9th/18th district limit. So various atmospheres in a small area! Many parkings near from my flat (rue des petits hotels, de Bellefond et d'Abbeville), and 3 metro stations  less than 5 minutes by foot : Gare de nord (line 5,4,+ RER), Poissonière (li"
8116	Welcome to this charming Parisian apartment with direct view on The Canal Saint Martin. You will enjoy a traditional parisian apartment and sleep in a room located on a the side of a very calm street. The bed is very comfortable. Beside, the flat is located in one of the most popular area of the French capital and nearby Republique Metro station, one of the best served stations. In the middle of what is called “Triangle d’Or” (Golden triangle), the building is surrounded by restaurants, bars and shop fitting all tastes: from the trendiest places to the most authentic spots. Walk around and enjoy the mood or reach the metro station and get to any point in Paris in a few minutes. Just don’t forget to be back at night to experiment the canal’s nightlife. Welcome to Paris!	I am occasionally renting my room by the Canal Saint Martin. The appartement is located in a lively and central area, near Republic. It is a two rooms appartement with internet, living room with a view on the Canal, bathroom and equiped kitchen. Welcome to this charming Parisian apartment with direct view on The Canal Saint Martin. You will enjoy a traditional parisian apartment and sleep in a room located on a the side of a very calm street. The bed is very comfortable. Beside, the flat is located in one of the most popular area of the French capital and nearby Republique Metro station, one of the best served stations. In the middle of what is called “Triangle d’Or” (Golden triangle), the building is surrounded by restaurants, bars and shop fitting all tastes: from the trendiest places to the most authentic spots. Walk around and enjoy the mood or reach the metro station and get to any point in Paris in a few minutes. Just don’t forget to be back at night to experiment the canal’s nig
8117	The loft is particularly typical with glass roof. A big open space 60 sam with two living room and the kitchen. There is one bedroom upstairs with a very comfortable sofa bed (two persons), and in a part of the living room it is possible to make a cosy bedroom with also a sofa bed for two persons very comfortable. There is toilets apart, and a bathroom. The loft is very calm you can't hear the sound of  the cars, bus or  any noise from the street!! 	Sunny and very calm loft 90 sam. This lovely loft is in the lively area of Canal St Martin near of the Center of Paris. There is one bedroom upstairs,the loft can receive 4 persons. The loft is particularly typical with glass roof. A big open space 60 sam with two living room and the kitchen. There is one bedroom upstairs with a very comfortable sofa bed (two persons), and in a part of the living room it is possible to make a cosy bedroom with also a sofa bed for two persons very comfortable. There is toilets apart, and a bathroom. The loft is very calm you can't hear the sound of  the cars, bus or  any noise from the street!! Coffe machine, kettle, oven, gas cooktop, washing machine, freezer, kitchen utensils, Hi-Fi system, Wifi connexion, computer, iron.Hair dryer. Residential and trendy, lively area, you can walk along the beautiful  Canal St Martin, looking at the boats and the locks, appreciate the restaurants, bars, shopping. Walking in 10mn you can go to Place de la République. 
8118	This beautiful 2 room flat on the 2d floor of a typical 5 floors Parisian building. 40m². It's situated in a calm street in the centre of Paris. 1 bedroom with a double bed on the upper level 1 living room/dining room with a sofa bed for 2 other guests, TV, free Wi-Fi 1 open kitchen fully equipped with micro-wave, fridge, kettle, dish washer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine, etc. 1 bathroom with shower, toilet, double vanity unit and wash & dry machine, with all necessary amenities (hairdryer, towels).	2 rooms  on the 2nd floor, fully renovated in July 2013. One bedroom with double bed on a upper level, a full of light living room and fully equipped open kitchen, bathroom with large shower. All renovated by an architect. Close to subways.  This beautiful 2 room flat on the 2d floor of a typical 5 floors Parisian building. 40m². It's situated in a calm street in the centre of Paris. 1 bedroom with a double bed on the upper level 1 living room/dining room with a sofa bed for 2 other guests, TV, free Wi-Fi 1 open kitchen fully equipped with micro-wave, fridge, kettle, dish washer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine, etc. 1 bathroom with shower, toilet, double vanity unit and wash & dry machine, with all necessary amenities (hairdryer, towels). Let us know if you need any other information, we would be pleased to share with you. We hope to welcome you soon :) On few steps of the flat building you will have everything needed to arrange your stay, several supermarkets opened all day long, bak
8119	"Nice apartment located in the ""Haut Marais"", 5th floor with elevator, with a long balcony this apartment is for you feel at home, I work and life in for several years. The large living room allows you to relax but also a sofa for two is available."	"Nice apartment located in the ""Haut Marais"", 5th floor with elevator, with a long balcony this apartment is for you feel at home, I work and life in for several years. The large living room allows you to relax but also a sofa for two is available. Nice apartment located in the ""Haut Marais"", 5th floor with elevator, with a long balcony this apartment is for you feel at home, I work and life in for several years. The large living room allows you to relax but also a sofa for two is available."
8120	Charmant appartement idéalement situé à 200m du Canal St Martin (10 min du Marais, à pied, 5 min de la place de la République, 5 min de Belleville, Ménilmontant.)  35m² au 6e et dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien. Très lumineux, double exposition et vue fantastique sur la basilique du Sacré Cœur et couchés de soleil.  Composé d'une chambre, un salon, une cuisine séparée (gazinière, congélateur), une petite salle de bains et wc séparé. Lovely little appartment 376ft² at the 6th and top floor, ideally located a stone's throw from Canal St Martin, 5min walk from Place de la République, 10min from Le Marais. The place is very bright, you can enjoy sunsets with a fantastic view over Montmartre and Sacré Cœur! 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 separate kitchen (with gas stove, fridge, freezer) and small bathroom. Perfect for couples. 	"Charmant appartement idéalement situé à 200m du Canal St Martin (10 min du Marais, à pied, 5 min de la place de la République, 5 min de Belleville, Ménilmontant.)  35m² au 6e et dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien. Très lumineux, double exposition et vue fantastique sur la basilique du Sacré Cœur et couchés de soleil.  Composé d'une chambre, un salon, une cuisine séparée (gazinière, congélateur), une petite salle de bains et wc séparé. Lovely little appartment 376ft² at the 6th and top floor, ideally located a stone's throw from Canal St Martin, 5min walk from Place de la République, 10min from Le Marais. The place is very bright, you can enjoy sunsets with a fantastic view over Montmartre and Sacré Cœur! 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 separate kitchen (with gas stove, fridge, freezer) and small bathroom. Perfect for couples. Quartier ""meltingpot"" et animé, de jours comme de nuit. On y trouve autant d'épiceries exotiques que de boutiques de créateurs, une multitude de bars, restaurants et "
8121		Very beautiful apartment of 100m ² situated in the 10th district of Paris ( 9th limit).  The apartment:  Situated in a charming court, a digital code and an intercom.  Compound of 3 rooms with double beds, with two bathrooms Very beautiful apartment giving onto very charming court (and very quiet), well-kept decoration, any comfort, in secure residence Do not hesitate to ask me all the questions necessary for the organization of your stay, advised good addresses in Paris ;) Very livened up district, with very wide choice of restaurants and bars to go out.  Situated in 15min in feet of Department stores (Spring / Gallery Lafayette), in 20min in feet of the Swamp.  10min in feet of east Station and Gare du Nord station.  15min in feet of station Saint-Lazare. Metro Poissonnière (L7), Bonne Nouvelle (L8 et 9) ou Chateau d'Eau (L4)  Bus 43
8122	Cleaning fees include professional cleaning lady who used to work in luxury hotels. The flat is on the second floor, there is no lift. In the flat: tree big windows, one in the bedroom and two in the living room all Luminous view to the calm courtyard. One double bed and one Futon transformable into a comfy double bed In the bathroom: shower , WC and sink. Kitchen fully equipped,... TV international channels, Optic fiber WIFI Internet connection. 	Charming parisian flat located in the heart of the booming Canal St Martin neighborhood. Perfect for two people ( + ensuite bathroom ) with double living room + optional futon bed for 2 extra sleep. Towels and professional cleaning are inclusive. Cleaning fees include professional cleaning lady who used to work in luxury hotels. The flat is on the second floor, there is no lift. In the flat: tree big windows, one in the bedroom and two in the living room all Luminous view to the calm courtyard. One double bed and one Futon transformable into a comfy double bed In the bathroom: shower , WC and sink. Kitchen fully equipped,... TV international channels, Optic fiber WIFI Internet connection. Other amenities include: a fully equipped kitchen, flat screen tv, speakers and radio, washing machine, fix phone (calls to fix US, Canada and most European countries included)  This is the apartment I live on, so it's lively and true - not an apartment used for rentals only! Write for more info. Than
8123	The flat is a typical parisian flat. It 'stotaly renovated with white walls and parquet.  It owns a living room ( with low table, sofa and TV), a living room, a double bedroom with an office, a bath room ( with shower) and a kitchen.  It is situated in the 4th floor of a quiet building with a concierge.	"The flat is a typical parisian flat. It 'stotaly renovated with white walls and parquet.  It owns a living room ( with low table, sofa and TV), a living room, a double bedroom with an office, a bath room ( with shower) and a kitchen.  It is situated in the 4th floor of a quiet building with a concierge. The guest could access to all the flat. We won't be here to welcome you but someone will give you the keys and will pay attention that everything is ok. The flat is situated in the heart of Paris, between the 10th and 11th boroughs. The neighborhood is dynamic, near the Place de la République, the Canal St Martin and Belleville. In some tube stations, or by foot, you can discover the jewish eighborhood, ""Le Marais"", the ""Grands Boulevards"", the Opéra or ""Place de la Bastille"". Below the building, you have the line 11 of the metro ( station ""Goncourt"") but you can find others lines at Place de la République, 5 min by foot ( lines (phone number hidden) buses below the flat : line 46 and 7"
8124	Notre appartement est un petit nid douillet au coeur du Paris bohème. Il est composé d'une grande chambre avec lit double, d'une grande pièce à vivre, d'une petite salle de bain attenante à la chambre et d'une cuisine multicolore.	Logement de charme dans le centre de Paris, au pied des lignes de métro 4, 8 et 9. A 10 min à pied du Marais ; 20 min de Montmartre.  Cosy appartment in Central Paris, close to the subway station : lines 4, 8, 9. Close to le Marais and Montmartre. Notre appartement est un petit nid douillet au coeur du Paris bohème. Il est composé d'une grande chambre avec lit double, d'une grande pièce à vivre, d'une petite salle de bain attenante à la chambre et d'une cuisine multicolore. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement.  Nous essayons de laisser du pain frais, du jus d'orange et de la confiture pour le petit déjeuner. Et toujours quelques bonbons disposés dans le salon.  Enfin, serviettes propres et produits de premières nécessités sont à disposition. Nous sommes très facilement joignables par téléphone, whatsapp, et mail.  Dans la mesure du possible, nous apprécions pouvoir accueillir nos voyageurs et leur faire une rapide description des lieux avant de les laisser se senti
8125	Idéalement placé. Joli Balcon. Appartement lumineux et fonctionnel. Très bon état, mobilier fonctionnel et neuf. 5ième étage avec ascenseur . Porte d'entrée sécurisée. 1 grande chambre privative et canapé lit pour 2 personnes. Idéal pour couple ou couple + 2 enfants. Wifi, télévision. Au centre de Paris, en face  au canal saint martin.  Ligne de métro 5/7/2 à moins de 5 mn à pied. Commerce alimentaire à 150 m. Appartement sécurisé.  En résumé, un appartement de charme très fonctionnel au centre de Paris, ensoleillé avec chambre au calme.	Grand appartement de charme de 40m2, lumineux, très bien situé avec balcon et vue sur le canal Saint Martin. A proximité de tous commerces.   Proche de Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord. 1 Chambre avec lit double et un canapé lit dans le salon. Idéalement placé. Joli Balcon. Appartement lumineux et fonctionnel. Très bon état, mobilier fonctionnel et neuf. 5ième étage avec ascenseur . Porte d'entrée sécurisée. 1 grande chambre privative et canapé lit pour 2 personnes. Idéal pour couple ou couple + 2 enfants. Wifi, télévision. Au centre de Paris, en face  au canal saint martin.  Ligne de métro 5/7/2 à moins de 5 mn à pied. Commerce alimentaire à 150 m. Appartement sécurisé.  En résumé, un appartement de charme très fonctionnel au centre de Paris, ensoleillé avec chambre au calme. Ceci est notre logement d'habitation, sauf cas exceptionnel, nous ne dormons pas sur Paris si le logement est proposé aux voyageurs. Nous ne sommes donc pas sur place pour vous accompagner. Néanmoins, nous restons d
8126	This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured with a coded-door and a second gate with an intercom. Note that the lift will stop at the 5th floor. You will have to walk few steps to the last floor. The apartment is very quiet and has a great natural light. Charming 36 sqm apartment suitable for up to four guests. The entrance gives on a corridor leading on the back to the main room, very pleasant, luminous, quiet. It has a living area with a sofabed (two sleeps, 140×200), a coffee table and an armchair. You will love the home-cinema with the video-projector, the BLURAY player and the large screen very easy to use, so don’t forget your favorite DVD’s and BLURAYS ! Should you need to work, a desk is at your disposal. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. The bedroom is accessible from the corridor, next to the entrance door. It has a double bed 160×200 and a large closet. From the corridor you will also access the bathroom. The bathroo	Decorated with taste in a contemporary style, comfortable and very quiet, this apartment will be perfect for a couple. It is fairly priced, located in a popular area, from where you can enjoy romantic strolls along the Canal. This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured with a coded-door and a second gate with an intercom. Note that the lift will stop at the 5th floor. You will have to walk few steps to the last floor. The apartment is very quiet and has a great natural light. Charming 36 sqm apartment suitable for up to four guests. The entrance gives on a corridor leading on the back to the main room, very pleasant, luminous, quiet. It has a living area with a sofabed (two sleeps, 140×200), a coffee table and an armchair. You will love the home-cinema with the video-projector, the BLURAY player and the large screen very easy to use, so don’t forget your favorite DVD’s and BLURAYS ! Should you need to work, a desk is at your disposal. The
8127		Lovely bedroom in an Haussmannian building located in the heart of Paris, 6th floor with elevator . 15 min walk from Opera and near many restaurants, theaters, shops... Ideal for short-term journey this bedroom is also great to see Paris on foot 
8128	Logement en plein coeur de Paris dans un quartier vivant et cosmopolite. Un appartement familial chaleureux refait à neuf qui maximise les espaces	       Appartement de 53 m2 avec une chambre double et une chambre avec deux lits enfants. Possibilité d'un couchage supplémentaire avec un canapé double convertible. Le quartier est en plein de coeur de Paris à 10 mn à pied des Halls, à 15 mn Logement en plein coeur de Paris dans un quartier vivant et cosmopolite. Un appartement familial chaleureux refait à neuf qui maximise les espaces  5 métros à moins de 5 minutes à pied et deux gares (gare de l'est et gare du nord) à moins de 10 minutes à pied Nous serons absents pendant la période de séjour et trouverons des amis pour remettre les clés de notre appartement Quartier vivant et cosmopolite situé entre République et Opéra. Tous commerces à moins de 100 m: primeurs, bouchers, fromager, caviste, épicerie fine, boulangers, pharmacie, tabac... De nombreux restaurants et cafés, pour tous les goûts, rue du Faubourg Saint Denis ou jusque dans la cours. Cuisine française (brasserie Flo), indienne, espagnole, turque, asiatique. Sur place ou à
8129	Classical and modern Parisian décoration, in an old typical building from the 19th century.The studio is made with a mezzanine, so you can enjoy as well the living room with space. You can also eat on the small table in romantic athmosphere.	"Charming and historical studio located in the heart of Paris, at 30min max by walk, for the farests, from every famous and nices places in the capital. the studio is not new, it is not a hotel either, which is why we rent € 59 a night and no more. It is a good plan to spend a few days in Paris. The studio can welcome more than two people But beware, the studio is 18m² and it is small for 4. The bedding is new and the cleaner change the sheets and clean the studio with every stay. Classical and modern Parisian décoration, in an old typical building from the 19th century.The studio is made with a mezzanine, so you can enjoy as well the living room with space. You can also eat on the small table in romantic athmosphere. The street, Rue du Faubourg-Saint-Denis is an old royal road, so you can go in 10 min in a lot of Famous places as ""Le Louvre"", ""Les Champs Elysées"", ""EIFFEL TOWER"", ""Beaubourg"", ""Le Marais"", ""Saint Germain des Prés"", ""Chatelet"". Also, the area in itself is really attracti"
8130	Immeuble Haussmannien, typiquement parisien avec 5 grandes fenêtres (vue sur rue et cour). De nombreux restaurants, bars et cinémas au bord de l'eau. Idéalement situé, entre le centre de Paris et Montmartre. A 2 pas du Canal St Martin. Au pied du métro Louis Blanc (7 et 7 bis) et des arrêts de bus et Noctilien. A 5 min des métros Jaures, Stalingrad, Château Landon et 10 min à pied des métro Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord. Station Taxi, Vélib et Autolib à proximité.	Grand 2 pièces de 60m2, refait à neuf, parquet, équipement électro ménager complet A 2 pas du Canal St-Martin, des restaurants, bars, cinémas.. A 2 pas des métros, bus de nuit, Gare de l’Est/Gare du Nord, vélib, autolib A 15 min du cœur de Paris Immeuble Haussmannien, typiquement parisien avec 5 grandes fenêtres (vue sur rue et cour). De nombreux restaurants, bars et cinémas au bord de l'eau. Idéalement situé, entre le centre de Paris et Montmartre. A 2 pas du Canal St Martin. Au pied du métro Louis Blanc (7 et 7 bis) et des arrêts de bus et Noctilien. A 5 min des métros Jaures, Stalingrad, Château Landon et 10 min à pied des métro Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord. Station Taxi, Vélib et Autolib à proximité. De nombreux restaurants, bars et cinémas au bord de l'eau. Idéalement situé, entre le centre de Paris et Montmartre. A 2 pas du Canal St Martin. Au pied du métro Louis Blanc (7 et 7 bis) et des arrêts de bus et Noctilien. A 5 min des métros Jaures, Stalingrad, Château Landon et 10 min
8131	Lovely 40m2 first floor apartment , located in the 10th district (Metro Stalingrad line 2/5/7 ) next Ourq canal and close to the Parc de la Villette . Near shops.	Charming 2 rooms fully equipped in the 10th arrondissement of Paris. Ideally located : Metro Stalingrad. Comfortable and luminous apartment . Sheets and towels provided. Lovely 40m2 first floor apartment , located in the 10th district (Metro Stalingrad line 2/5/7 ) next Ourq canal and close to the Parc de la Villette . Near shops. Apartment fully available to travelers. Meeting and presentation at home. No presence of tenants during the rental Airbnb . Quiet but lively street on the waterfront. Many trendy bars and clubs. Near shops. Stroll along the canal. Good neighborhood location and good transport links . Stalingard Metro (line 7 , 2.5 ) . Many buses and stations of Vélib ' (bike rental self-service terminal ) . Near la agre du Nord et gare de l'Est, just 10 minutes by foot.
8132	It is very sunny, clean, comfortable and close to everything. All people who came to our place really loved it. Musicians are welcome here!! We have a piano and a guitare you can play with. My roomates are playing bass, saxophone and trombone.	A private room in a huge comfortable, clean and very well located appartement. 2 toilets, 2 bathrooms, 1 cool kitchen, 2 livingrooms. A lot of great local spots to see around (Canal St Mart It is very sunny, clean, comfortable and close to everything. All people who came to our place really loved it. Musicians are welcome here!! We have a piano and a guitare you can play with. My roomates are playing bass, saxophone and trombone. You can access to everything, except the other bedrooms and dressings. Basically it means 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, 2 living rooms (the couches, the tables, the piano, the guitare), the kitchen, your bedroom, the cat :D, etc. I won't be around because I will be in another airbnb appartement in Chicago. But you will met my 3 very cool roomates. The dudes are cool and really local. They can share their own tips if you want to visit Paris. They  are musicians and playing in the same brassband. With the beautiful weather, they are playing a lot outside these days. D
8133	Notre appartement est un charmant 2 pièces de 40m² au 6 ème et dernière étage avec ascenceur, situé à quelques mètres du Canal Saint Martin. Il est très calme et très lumineux, toutes les piecès donne sur une cours interieur Il est constitué d'une belle chambre avec un lit double et d'un bureau, un salon très agréable et cosy pour se relaxer devant la TV ou y écouter de la musique. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. La salle de bain est doté d'une douche multi jet, de toilette et d'une machine a lavé  L'appartement est disponible pour 2 personnes. En ce qui concerne la cuisine elle est toute équipé, lave vaisselle frigo/congel, plaques cuisson électrique, four, micro-onde, blinder, gaufrier croc monsieur, bouillotte électrique etc..	WELCOME TO CANAL SAINT MARTIN ! Appartement situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur sous les toits dans un des quartiers les plus animés de Paris !  Deux pièces très lumineux, très calme et confortable  ! Notre appartement est un charmant 2 pièces de 40m² au 6 ème et dernière étage avec ascenceur, situé à quelques mètres du Canal Saint Martin. Il est très calme et très lumineux, toutes les piecès donne sur une cours interieur Il est constitué d'une belle chambre avec un lit double et d'un bureau, un salon très agréable et cosy pour se relaxer devant la TV ou y écouter de la musique. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. La salle de bain est doté d'une douche multi jet, de toilette et d'une machine a lavé  L'appartement est disponible pour 2 personnes. En ce qui concerne la cuisine elle est toute équipé, lave vaisselle frigo/congel, plaques cuisson électrique, four, micro-onde, blinder, gaufrier croc monsieur, bouillotte électrique etc.. Nous louons la totalité de notre appartement vous aurez 
8134	Cuisine équipée: micro-onde, plaque de cuisson, réfrigérateur-congélateur, bouilloire, grille-pain, machine à espresso et nécessaire à cuisine. Salle de bain équipée, grand canapé-lit pour 2 personnes.	Situé dans le Xe arrondissement, à 30 sec du romantique Canal St Martin, au 1er étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble calme. Déco épurée et moderne, vous apprécierez pleinement le confort des lieux. Quartier commerçant et animé (de très bonnes adresses Cuisine équipée: micro-onde, plaque de cuisson, réfrigérateur-congélateur, bouilloire, grille-pain, machine à espresso et nécessaire à cuisine. Salle de bain équipée, grand canapé-lit pour 2 personnes. Quartier commerçant et animé parfait pour sortir, diner, boire un verre et chiller au bord du canal...Je vous donnerai de bonnes adresses pour sortir, dîner, boire un verre etc.. si vous le souhaitez. Metro: -République (5min) lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11 - Goncourt (3min) ligne 11
8135	110 square meters in the best part of the new trendy area of Canal Saint Martin; three separated bedrooms, one with a double bed, one with a single bed and the third one with two separated beds (they can be put together); a very spacious living with a sofa-bed that can eventually host two more people; a bright dining room; a fully furnished kitchen. Big windows with electric stores and lot of light!! A perfect place to stay in Paris with friends or with the family.	A perfect romantic place to stay in Paris with friends or with the family. 110 square meters in the best part of the new trendy area of Canal Saint Martin; three separated bedrooms, one with a double bed, one with a single bed and the third one with two separated beds (they can be put together); a very spacious living with a sofa-bed that can eventually host two more people; a bright dining room; a fully furnished kitchen. Big windows with electric stores and lot of light!! A perfect place to stay in Paris with friends or with the family. The guests will have access to entire apartment. We will welcome the guests at the apartment the day of their arrival. This area deserves at least few words of presentation: ancient popular zone, since more than ten years theses streets changed their aspect: bars, shops, galleries opened one after the other and the people started taking the habits to have a drink on the side of the Canal, to spend there the summer evenings with a nice book or eating w
8136	The flat is 45m2, cosy. It is perfect for 2 guests but you can use a sofa-bed in the living room if needed (3-4 guest).  The kitchen is fully equiped 	"Flat located Metro Stalingrad, Near Gare du Nord - Gare de l'Est (line 5,7 & 2)  1 bedroom, 1 sofa-bed in the living room, equiped kitchen  The flat is 45m2, cosy. It is perfect for 2 guests but you can use a sofa-bed in the living room if needed (3-4 guest).  The kitchen is fully equiped  There is a wi-fi connexion  We can provide you towels  We welcome you when it best suits you, and we can advise you about the great places in the neighborhood.  The neighborhood is the typical paris melting pot.  The flat is located 5 min walk from Canal de l'Ourq and Canal Saint Martin ; theirs cafés and cinemas. There is the great cultural place ""le 104"" down the street, where you can get free yoga classes Easy to come from the Gare du Nord (10 min walk) (Thalys - Eurostar), the flat is just next to the metro Station STALINGRAD : lines 2, 7 and 5. You can reach Bastille in 15 min. "
8137	Cozy and fully equiped apartment with two bedrooms and a large living room (+ 1 extra bed). Views on Canal Saint Martin.  Convenient to grocery stores, banks and restaurants, theatres, parcs... Very safe area. Located near subway lines, railway stations, boarding point for cruises on the canal... Typically Parisian apartment of 65m ² bright and welcoming . Flooring, moldings , fireplace, original mirrors. You will (email hidden)e entrance with large closets that you can use. - WC separated from the bathroom. - Kitchen open to the living room , fully equipped with fridge / freezer, oven, hob, dishwasher, washing/drying machine. Everything you need to cook French meals (including our cookbooks :D). - A large living room with sofa bed for 2 people ,3 double glazed windows overlooking the street and the canal. - A very bright room on the street with a double bed. - A room on quiet courtyard with a double bed. - The bathroom with a corner bath ... The neighboors are very quiet. The maximum 	Cozy and fully equiped apartment with two bedrooms and a large living room (+ 1 extra bed). Views on Canal Saint Martin.  Convenient to stores, banks and restaurants. Very safe area. Located near subway lines, railway stations... Cozy and fully equiped apartment with two bedrooms and a large living room (+ 1 extra bed). Views on Canal Saint Martin.  Convenient to grocery stores, banks and restaurants, theatres, parcs... Very safe area. Located near subway lines, railway stations, boarding point for cruises on the canal... Typically Parisian apartment of 65m ² bright and welcoming . Flooring, moldings , fireplace, original mirrors. You will (email hidden)e entrance with large closets that you can use. - WC separated from the bathroom. - Kitchen open to the living room , fully equipped with fridge / freezer, oven, hob, dishwasher, washing/drying machine. Everything you need to cook French meals (including our cookbooks :D). - A large living room with sofa bed for 2 people ,3 double glaze
8138	Une chambre propre, fonctionnelle et calme dans un grand appartement de 80m2 avec tout à disposition, et surtout tout à proximité dans le meilleur quartier de Paris, le Village Saint-Martin.	The room is 13 sq-meter and is very quiet and very functional. The flat has its charm with its wooden floor Une chambre propre, fonctionnelle et calme dans un grand appartement de 80m2 avec tout à disposition, et surtout tout à proximité dans le meilleur quartier de Paris, le Village Saint-Martin.
8139		Studio Ideally located by Gare l'Est and Gare du Nord. On the top floor of a traditional Parisian building with a charming view of the Paris roof tops. Confortable and equiped with everything you will need. This appartment has a lovely terasse.
8140	Esprit loft. Grande hauteur sous plafond.  Bien agencé et pratique. Au calme sur cour arborée. Très peu de vis-à-vis. 	Joli studio (esprit loft) situé au 1er étage sur cour arborée. À 1mn du Canal St Martin dans le 10e. Proche tous commerces. Bien desservi par les métros. Idéal pour couple. Canapé (website hidden). Internet. WC privatif adjacent. Esprit loft. Grande hauteur sous plafond.  Bien agencé et pratique. Au calme sur cour arborée. Très peu de vis-à-vis. À 1 minute du Canal St Martin, le quartier est vivant et très sympathique. Les apéros sur ses berges sont un incontournable! Coeur de Paris, les abords du Canal deviennent piétons le dimanche pour plus de liberté. Un joli parc à 2 pas pour des pique-niques estivaux. À 5 minutes à pieds de la Place de la République et 10 mn du quartier du Marais, vous êtes au coeur de la capitale! Proche des lignes (phone number hidden) du métro. À 5mn de la Gare de l'Est et 15mn de la Gare du Nord (à pieds) Location de voitures possible aux abords des gares.
8141	This apartment is located between the Place Stalingrad and La Chapelle. It has a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom, bathroom and a balcony. Located on the fifth floor of an old building with a triple exposure, it is very bright. The living room and communicate with each other without closing. The stairwell under renovation and should be painted but most of the work is done. Near the Canal St Martin come enjoy the authentic Paris. You have access on foot or by metro typical neighborhoods Ménilmontant Belleville, Montmartre, the Canal St Martin, Place Clichy. The 104, The City of Sciences and the music, theater Bouffes du Nord, theaters are very close. The center of Paris is 15 'by metro. The proximity of the canal St Martin Ourq and makes it a very friendly place. There are many restaurants, clubs where you can listen to music, and piers to stroll along. Conveniently located, the Stalingrad Metro Station at the foot of the building with access to lines 2, 5, and 7. Stations in the North	This apartment is located between the Place Stalingrad and La Chapelle. It has a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom, bathroom and a balcony. Located on the fifth floor of an old building with a triple exposure, it is very bright. The living room and communicate with each other without closing. The stairwell under renovation and should be painted but most of the work is done. Near the Canal St Martin come enjoy the authentic Paris. You have access on foot or by metro typical neighborhoods Ménilmontant Belleville, Montmartre, the Canal St Martin, Place Clichy. The 104, The City of Sciences and the music, theater Bouffes du Nord, theaters are very close. The center of Paris is 15 'by metro. The proximity of the canal St Martin Ourq and makes it a very friendly place. There are many restaurants, clubs where you can listen to music, and piers to stroll along. Conveniently located, the Stalingrad Metro Station at the foot of the building with access to lines 2, 5, and 7. Stations in the North
8142		 At the corner of 2nd, 3rd, 9th and 10th districts, flat is centrally located and perfect place to visit Paris by walk. It's a Family flat recently renovated in a Napoléon III building. The bedroom/bathroom ensure quietness and 
8143	Agréable appartement de 2 pièces, tout équipé, lumineux, au 5eme étage. Idéal pour 2 personnes. Grand canapé-lit 	Vrai deux pièces calme et lumineux (5eme étage) tout équipé proche du canal Saint-Martin (Paris 10). Très bien desservie par le métro et les gares de l'est et du nord. Tout équipé avec deux canapé-lits  Au plaisir de vous accueillir !     Agréable appartement de 2 pièces, tout équipé, lumineux, au 5eme étage. Idéal pour 2 personnes. Grand canapé-lit  A deux pas du canal saint Martin piétonnier le  dimanche. Nombreux cafés et restaurants dans le quartier et le long du canal. Tous les commerces de proximité sont disponibles à deux pas. Très bien desservie par de nombreuses lignes de métro :  . 5 minutes à pieds de Gare de l'Est (nombreux bus et ligne de métro 4, 5 et 7) . 10 minutes à pieds de la Gare du Nord  . Station de velib à proximité
8144		Ce beau deux pièces de 42m2 peut accueillir 4 personnes. L'appartement donne sur une belle cour et dispose d'un balcon. Il est idéalement situé, dans un quartier animé à deux pas du canal st martin et à proximité de nombreuses lignes de métro. L'appartement est entièrement accessible aux visiteurs. Il se situe au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Il se compose d'une entrée, d'un large salon donnant sur un balcon, d'une cuisine équipée (frigo, four, plaques de cuisson, grille-pain, lave-linge), d'une chambre avec grand lit double et larges placards, grande salle de bain avec baignoire. Le wifi est disponible. Nous ne serons pas présents dans le logement pendant le séjour. En revanche, nous serons joignables par mail et téléphone. L'appartement est proche de plusieurs stations de métro (république, jacques bonsergent, gare de l'est, goncourt, colonel fabien). Une station de velib se situe juste devant l'immeuble et une station d'autolib à quelques mètres dans la rue. Une grande place de parking
8145		70 m² apartment on the Canal Saint Martin. The flat is very well connected to public transportation, in a lovely area close to the center. We are looking forward to meeting you!
8146		THE perfect location (cour des petites écuries) + a nice looking flat = amazing time in Paris.  typical and living neigboorhood close to every thing
8147	"Hi there, For a nice and pleasant trip in Paris, you're welcome to my place. The flat: Living room (37m2) with beams in the ceiling The living room  A quiet, neat, bright and design living room, a ""Louis 16th red chair"" for reading French books and listening to Pop French music (!!! which is not the best !!!) A stereo equipment TV 3D (and glasses), cable TV box, 50 channels including English channels (CNN, BBC, France 24, SKY, high speed DSL, Wifi Internet) and a home cinema Bose. A large library of DVDs and Blue Ray will be available. A table to dinner and a new sofa and a chair. The kitchen  Red kitchen...Fully equipped, induction hot plates, an owen a fridge with freezer and kitchenware to cook french meals !!!!!! (I've many cookbooks) and a washing machine. The bathroom  Orange bathroom with tub and toilets. Don't bring your towels ! The bedroom A blue and orange bedroom with a 2 person futon bed (it's a different kind of matress, japanese matress, it's a firm mattress) I will prov"	"Hi there, For a nice and pleasant trip in Paris, you're welcome to my place. The flat: Living room (37m2) with beams in the ceiling The living room  A quiet, neat, bright and design living room, a ""Louis 16th red chair"" for reading French books and listening to Pop French music (!!! which is not the best !!!) A stereo equipment TV 3D (and glasses), cable TV box, 50 channels including English channels (CNN, BBC, France 24, SKY, high speed DSL, Wifi Internet) and a home cinema Bose. A large library of DVDs and Blue Ray will be available. A table to dinner and a new sofa and a chair. The kitchen  Red kitchen...Fully equipped, induction hot plates, an owen a fridge with freezer and kitchenware to cook french meals !!!!!! (I've many cookbooks) and a washing machine. The bathroom  Orange bathroom with tub and toilets. Don't bring your towels ! The bedroom A blue and orange bedroom with a 2 person futon bed (it's a different kind of matress, japanese matress, it's a firm mattress) I will prov"
8148	In the charming canal St. Martin region, this studio is perfect if you want to be near everything in Paris!  You have lots of subway lines in a 5 five minutes walk (Republique station – lines 3,8,9,11 – and Jacques Bonsegent station –line 5) that can easily take you everywhere in the city. In the neighborhood, very good ‘patisseries’, nice shops and cafés near the canal.. The studio has one single bed and one ‘visitor’ mattress. Small but functional kitchen, privet shower and toilets - but the toilet is not inside the room, they are on the stairs (see photo). Wireless connection is available.  Perfect for one traveller, can accommodate two. Big window opening to a nice “cour parisienne” ! Any noise !! Small, calm and central. That's my home that I am leaving for two months to be with my family in Brazil.  Soyez bienvenu !	Small cosy studio. Perfect for one person, can accommodate 2.  Small, calm (any noise!!) and central. Thats my home ! :-) In the charming canal St. Martin region, this studio is perfect if you want to be near everything in Paris!  You have lots of subway lines in a 5 five minutes walk (Republique station – lines 3,8,9,11 – and Jacques Bonsegent station –line 5) that can easily take you everywhere in the city. In the neighborhood, very good ‘patisseries’, nice shops and cafés near the canal.. The studio has one single bed and one ‘visitor’ mattress. Small but functional kitchen, privet shower and toilets - but the toilet is not inside the room, they are on the stairs (see photo). Wireless connection is available.  Perfect for one traveller, can accommodate two. Big window opening to a nice “cour parisienne” ! Any noise !! Small, calm and central. That's my home that I am leaving for two months to be with my family in Brazil.  Soyez bienvenu !
8149		A perfect place for your stay in Paris! Nice independant bedroom. 5 minutes walk to République, 15 minutes to the Marais, in a lively area. With kitchen and shower. Very clean and quiet. A good place to rest after a good day.
8150		Big appartement 78m2 full equiped 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 bathroom with a hammam!!! And 2 rooms with a king size bed. 
8151	Little house in duplex in the heart of Paris, close to the famous Canal Saint Martin. Duplex pour 4 adults + 2 enfants (moins 3 ans). En RDC, salon avec coin cuisine et canapé-lit. À l'étage, petite salle de douche et chambre avec lit double et deux lits à barreaux. The flavour of old Paris, wooden girders. On the flat floor,  you have the living room with a corner-kitchen and a double sofa bed. On the first floor, ther is a room with a double bed and two cribs (for babies under 3), and the bathroom with a shower.  A peaceful place in the middle of a lively area in Paris. A large variety of restaurants, bars, coworkshops and shops. You will be in Canal St Martin in one minute and République square is 10 minutes away by foot. And Centre G.Pompidou, Marais quarter and Hôtel de Ville by 10-15 minutes by walking as well. Plenty of busses and métro lines to connect you with all Paris as you'll have Gare de l'Est within two minutes and Gare du Nord train station within 10 minutes.	Little house in Canal St. Martin District. The flavour of old Paris, wooden girders. Many great restaurants, bars and shops in a lively part of Paris. By walking: canal shores (1'), Centre G.Pompidou (10'), Marais (15') and Hôtel de Ville (15'). Little house in duplex in the heart of Paris, close to the famous Canal Saint Martin. Duplex pour 4 adults + 2 enfants (moins 3 ans). En RDC, salon avec coin cuisine et canapé-lit. À l'étage, petite salle de douche et chambre avec lit double et deux lits à barreaux. The flavour of old Paris, wooden girders. On the flat floor,  you have the living room with a corner-kitchen and a double sofa bed. On the first floor, ther is a room with a double bed and two cribs (for babies under 3), and the bathroom with a shower.  A peaceful place in the middle of a lively area in Paris. A large variety of restaurants, bars, coworkshops and shops. You will be in Canal St Martin in one minute and République square is 10 minutes away by foot. And Centre G.Pompid
8152	Charming apartment, minimalist, with one living room with large sofa and a club, balcony with the view on the canal, bright and sun during the day. 1 bedroom. 	Charming apartment, minimalist, with one living room with large sofa and a club, balcony with the view on the canal, bright and sun during the day. 1 bedroom.  Balcony with the view on the canal, As Parisian, I can give some tips about restaurant and bars, place to go according your stay...   One the famous area, for spending time close to the river... Subway : Republique station with 5 lines to change (3, 5, 8, 9, 11) and RER at 10-15 minutes walk :  Gare du Nord / Gare de l'est 
8153	This studio apartment is located on place Jacques Bonsergent in the 10th arrondissement (1 minute walking distance from the Canal Saint-Martin which is one of the most peaceful and romantic area in Paris), on the 10th French top-floor of a modern building (equipped with a elevator, security code and intercom). This is a bright and cozy studio which has been completely renovated (2011). The decor is very modern and sleek but at the same time, relaxing and comfortable as well.  It's flooded with morning light from the east facing bedroom window: you'll be mesmerized by the view over Paris' sacred heart. You can step out onto the tiny and romantic balcony (with folding chairs). It has an exceptional view over Paris' rooftops. In the curtain-opened configuration, a bar separates TLO from the kitchen area giving you a more spacious living area during the day and allowing you to interact with each other while you make preparations in the kitchen. The kitchen is convenient and well equipped: 	This studio apartment is located on place Jacques Bonsergent in the 10th arrondissement (1 minute walking distance from the Canal Saint-Martin which is one of the most peaceful and romantic area in Paris), on the 10th French top-floor of a modern building (equipped with a elevator, security code and intercom). This is a bright and cozy studio which has been completely renovated (2011). The decor is very modern and sleek but at the same time, relaxing and comfortable as well.  It's flooded with morning light from the east facing bedroom window: you'll be mesmerized by the view over Paris' sacred heart. You can step out onto the tiny and romantic balcony (with folding chairs). It has an exceptional view over Paris' rooftops. In the curtain-opened configuration, a bar separates TLO from the kitchen area giving you a more spacious living area during the day and allowing you to interact with each other while you make preparations in the kitchen. The kitchen is convenient and well equipped: 
8154	There is a lovely bright double lounge with two sofas (one is a sofa bed) & a dining table with seating for 4 people. There is also an original marble fireplace and a desk. The bedroom is also very sunny with a queen size bed and planty of hanging space & drawers for your clothes. The kitchen has everything necessary, a toaster kettle & coffee machine, a large fridge-freezer, hob, oven and dishwasher. There's a large, leafy courtyard/garden in the building which is a great place to read a book quietly in the sun or shade.	Beautiful bright & spacious fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment by the canal St Martin. The apartment is 45m2 with a large bright double lounge/dining area, a light & spacious bedroom and a new kitchen. Lots of good bars and restaurants in the area. There is a lovely bright double lounge with two sofas (one is a sofa bed) & a dining table with seating for 4 people. There is also an original marble fireplace and a desk. The bedroom is also very sunny with a queen size bed and planty of hanging space & drawers for your clothes. The kitchen has everything necessary, a toaster kettle & coffee machine, a large fridge-freezer, hob, oven and dishwasher. There's a large, leafy courtyard/garden in the building which is a great place to read a book quietly in the sun or shade. As this is an entire apartment rental you will have access to the whole apartment. As I have family members in the building I can provide any help or information you might need during your trip, just let me know! I can als
8155	Apartment 85 m2 on 5th floor without vis-à-vis South with a beautiful view of the Grand Rex and the roofs of Paris Located 2 metro stations from the station of the East Train Station and Eurostars Train Station and five minutes walk from the Montorgueil district; Bonne Nouvelle Metro Station at the bottom of the building. Ideally located in the heart (email hidden)ly district of Paris (between the 9th, 2nd and 10th districts), you have all the shops (supermarket, convenience store open late 5am, wine, vegetables, restaurants and bars ... ) Culture nearby: the Theatre Gymnasium, the famous jazz club New Morning, The Grevin Museum ... This apartment with Neovintage decoration is composed of: - 2 large bedrooms (one very good new bedding 160cm brand SoBed and 1 bed 140 cm brand Simons, PC) - 1 living room (with sofa bed for 2, plasma TV and movies projector) - 1 bathroom (with bath and washing machine) - 1 large fully equipped kitchen (with dishwasher, large fridge, ceramic hob, oven, mic	Appartement de 80 m2 plein sud avec une magnifique vue sur le Rex et les toits de Paris. Situé à cinq minutes à pied du quartier Montorgueuil et à 2 stations de Metro de la gare de l Est et  de la Gare du Nord. Station de Metro Bonne nouvelle en bas de l'immeuble. Apartment 85 m2 on 5th floor without vis-à-vis South with a beautiful view of the Grand Rex and the roofs of Paris Located 2 metro stations from the station of the East Train Station and Eurostars Train Station and five minutes walk from the Montorgueil district; Bonne Nouvelle Metro Station at the bottom of the building. Ideally located in the heart (email hidden)ly district of Paris (between the 9th, 2nd and 10th districts), you have all the shops (supermarket, convenience store open late 5am, wine, vegetables, restaurants and bars ... ) Culture nearby: the Theatre Gymnasium, the famous jazz club New Morning, The Grevin Museum ... This apartment with Neovintage decoration is composed of: - 2 large bedrooms (one very good ne
8156	Le  logement est composé d'un agréable séjour et une chambre à coucher disposant d'une vue sur un parc. Il dispose également d'une salle de bain  avec baignoire et d'une cuisine fonctionnelle. Le canapé lit très confortable conviendra parfaitement aux familles avec des enfants.  De plus l'appartement dispose d'un lit bébé.	Appartement spacieux et confortable avec une vue sur un parc arboré. Situé près du Canal Saint Martin et du métro Colonel Fabien. Constitué d'un living spacieux, d'une cuisine américaine et d'une chambre lumineuse et confortable. Le  logement est composé d'un agréable séjour et une chambre à coucher disposant d'une vue sur un parc. Il dispose également d'une salle de bain  avec baignoire et d'une cuisine fonctionnelle. Le canapé lit très confortable conviendra parfaitement aux familles avec des enfants.  De plus l'appartement dispose d'un lit bébé. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces du logement sans aucune restriction. Nous serons présent à Paris tout au long du séjour et serons disponibles par téléphones à tout moment. De nombreuses rues commerçantes jouxtent le logement, le Canal Saint Martin est situé tout près du logement et confère une atmosphère très appréciable pour l'été. La ligne 7 (Gare de l'Est ou Château Landon) La ligne 2 (Colonel Fabien)
8157	Notre maison est un ancien atelier de 120m2, sur 3 étages situé au rez-de-chaussée dans une jolie cour pavée. Terrasse privative arborée de 25m2. Grand séjour avec grande table, TV, cuisine ouverte (Four, micro-onde, bouilloire, machine Nespresso, lave-vaisselle, robots ménagers à disposition...) et buanderie (lave-linge, sèche-linge, fer à repasser). 7 couchages, 2 salles de bains, 2 wc: - 1 suite parentale composée d'une chambre avec lit en 160x200cm, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire. - 1 chambre en duplex avec lit à l'étage en 140 x190 cm - 1 chambre en duplex avec banquette (coin lecture et lit tiroir en 90x190 et lit en 140x190 cm à l'étage). - 1 salle de bain avec douche italienne - 2 wc séparés (1 au RdC et 1 à l'étage)	Très belle maison de ville spacieuse de 120m2 qui donne directement sur une jolie terrasse arborée et fleurie de 25m2  . Placez votre famille au centre de la capitale et profitez de cette belle ville au mois de juillet/aout. Notre maison est un ancien atelier de 120m2, sur 3 étages situé au rez-de-chaussée dans une jolie cour pavée. Terrasse privative arborée de 25m2. Grand séjour avec grande table, TV, cuisine ouverte (Four, micro-onde, bouilloire, machine Nespresso, lave-vaisselle, robots ménagers à disposition...) et buanderie (lave-linge, sèche-linge, fer à repasser). 7 couchages, 2 salles de bains, 2 wc: - 1 suite parentale composée d'une chambre avec lit en 160x200cm, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire. - 1 chambre en duplex avec lit à l'étage en 140 x190 cm - 1 chambre en duplex avec banquette (coin lecture et lit tiroir en 90x190 et lit en 140x190 cm à l'étage). - 1 salle de bain avec douche italienne - 2 wc séparés (1 au RdC et 1 à l'étage) Vous pourrez profiter entièrement de l'a
8158	Rue Eugène Varlin Paris 10ème , proche de la Gare de l’Est et du Canal St Martin (lignes de métro 4-5-7 BIS-8 et RER B) à proximité de tous les commerces. Très bel appartement meublé dans un immeuble de standing style ART DECO, au rez de chaussée avec vue sur petit jardin arboré comprenant: une grande entrée, un grand living avec une partie salon (canapé convertible 2 places), un espace bureau et une superbe cuisine américaine entièrement équipée haut de gamme (lave-linge, , réfrigérateur/congélateur, plaques vitro-céramique 4 feux, hotte aspirante, four, micro-ondes). Une mezzanine stylisée avec un lit à 2 places et télé. Magnifique escalier équipé de placards, penderie, tiroirs et nombreux rangements. Hauteur sous plafond de 3m50. Une salle de bain avec une magnifique douche design, lavabo, WC et sèche-serviette. L'appartement à entièrement été refait à neuf. Décoration raffinée et mobilier neuf de qualité. Très calme et lumineux. Le loyer comprend chauffage et internet.	Charmant appartement entièrement rénové avec goût et raffinement proche du Canal st Martin et de la Gare de l'Est dans un quartier au charme typiquement parisien. This amazing flat located in a typic area of Paris have the capacity for 4 people. Rue Eugène Varlin Paris 10ème , proche de la Gare de l’Est et du Canal St Martin (lignes de métro 4-5-7 BIS-8 et RER B) à proximité de tous les commerces. Très bel appartement meublé dans un immeuble de standing style ART DECO, au rez de chaussée avec vue sur petit jardin arboré comprenant: une grande entrée, un grand living avec une partie salon (canapé convertible 2 places), un espace bureau et une superbe cuisine américaine entièrement équipée haut de gamme (lave-linge, , réfrigérateur/congélateur, plaques vitro-céramique 4 feux, hotte aspirante, four, micro-ondes). Une mezzanine stylisée avec un lit à 2 places et télé. Magnifique escalier équipé de placards, penderie, tiroirs et nombreux rangements. Hauteur sous plafond de 3m50. Une salle d
8159	Logement de charme, mobilier vintage au accent scandinave. Un espace lumineux au dernier etage d un immeuble Hausmanien. Pour 4 personnes (plus 1 enfant de 4 a 9 ans) For 4 persons (plus kid from 4 to 9 years)	Appartement très lumineux et fonctionnel de 40m2 au 6eme étage(avec ascenseur). plein sud . Jolie vue sur les toits de Paris   Situation centrale, Place de la République, à deux pas du Canal St. Martin, du Centre Pompidou et du Marais. Wifi Logement de charme, mobilier vintage au accent scandinave. Un espace lumineux au dernier etage d un immeuble Hausmanien. Pour 4 personnes (plus 1 enfant de 4 a 9 ans) For 4 persons (plus kid from 4 to 9 years) (3 walking minutes from metro station REPUBLIQUE ). Once you get out the station you find yourself on the PLACE DE LA REPUBLIQUE  RUE DU TEMPLE.
8160	Panoramic view on Paris (Effeil Tower - Sacré Coeur - Tour Montparnasse). 10 mn walk to Belleville, Buttes Chaumont, Canal Saint-Martin	F2 Flat - 8th floor with lift - beautiful panoramic view (effeil tower) - 34 m² - One bed + One sofa bed - 15 mn from center of Paris - 10 mn walk from canal saint-martin, belleville and buttes Chaumont  Panoramic view on Paris (Effeil Tower - Sacré Coeur - Tour Montparnasse). 10 mn walk to Belleville, Buttes Chaumont, Canal Saint-Martin Washing Machine Welcome - Directions By walk near to Canal Saint Martin - Buttes Chaumont - Belleville. Very close to the metro. Middle class neighborhood. 250 meters from Ligne 2 ( go to Champs Elysee 25 mn) 400 meters from Ligne 11 (go to center of Paris - Chatelet 20 mn) No
8161	studio neuf fonctionel, agréable et (website hidden), internet,machine a laver, sèche linge... Trendy et tout les commerces et restaurants a proximité ligne de metro tres pratique : ligne 9,4 et 8. 	Petit nid dans le quartier branché de strasbourg st denis, très central parfait pour un petit weekend en amoureux et pour découvrir Paris ! studio neuf fonctionel, agréable et (website hidden), internet,machine a laver, sèche linge... Trendy et tout les commerces et restaurants a proximité ligne de metro tres pratique : ligne 9,4 et (website hidden), internet,machine a laver, sèche linge... Trendy et tout les commerces et restaurants a proximité ligne de metro tres pratique : ligne 9,4 et 8.  5eme etage sans ascenseur
8162	Lovely parisian apartment very quiet, between 2 internal courtyard, at 3rd floor of an ancient building.  At the right of entrance a fully equipped kitchen (with oven, an expresso machine and a washing machine). On the left, the bathroom with shower and WC, and the access to living room, with a comfortable double sofa-bed, a little table and a large television.  Over, a large and comfortable bedroom with a good double bed. I will leave some space for your things.	Lovely flat of 41sqmt in a 18th century building in center-north of Paris. Very quiet and well arranged. In front of metro Barbès with two suburb lines that go everywhere in Paris. 10mn walking from Montmartre and 10mn from Canal St Martin. Lovely parisian apartment very quiet, between 2 internal courtyard, at 3rd floor of an ancient building.  At the right of entrance a fully equipped kitchen (with oven, an expresso machine and a washing machine). On the left, the bathroom with shower and WC, and the access to living room, with a comfortable double sofa-bed, a little table and a large television.  Over, a large and comfortable bedroom with a good double bed. I will leave some space for your things. Access to all the apartment One professional will answer will make the check in and check out and will answer your questions Beautiful, colored, popular, trendy quarter just beside 2 new trendy establishment opened recently: Le Louxor, an ancient cinéma of Paris and the café Barbès, grand b
8163		Located in a pleasant and central area in Paris near the Canal Saint (website hidden) appartement is nice and cosy with a area of 35m2 on the 4th floor of an old parisian building.  The neighborhood is very trendy, and full of shops, restaurants, and bars.
8164	My studio is 20m² You have a convertible couch, a shower, a private wc, hair dryer, iron, a kitchen with two electric heater and a fridge.  It's nice in order to spend a week because the place is really nice and sunny, my area is quite interesting and you can walk everywhere. I provide everythink that you will need, even a map, umbrella, towels ...	This appartement in the middle of the hipster parisian part. Sunny, on a last floor (4th), quiet, I try to arrange evything to be the more flexible in this small place.  Lots of commodities, bars, restaurants, my favorite area My studio is 20m² You have a convertible couch, a shower, a private wc, hair dryer, iron, a kitchen with two electric heater and a fridge.  It's nice in order to spend a week because the place is really nice and sunny, my area is quite interesting and you can walk everywhere. I provide everythink that you will need, even a map, umbrella, towels ... The flat have internet in wifi, a shower, a kitchen with a fridge, heater, hair dryer, iron table ...  You had a lot of accomodation downstair like a laundry, fruits sellers, bar, restaurant, 3 supermarket and the line 8, 9 and 4.  I'm trying to reply as soon as i can,  i'm use to travelling so i know what kind of attention that i should have. This part of Paris have a soul like the ancient time, because you got a lot 
8165	"Located in the very center of Paris, my apartment is very welcoming. It is a luminous open space, cosy and quiet: the perfect place to rest in between two visits! Pay attention : it is located at the fifth and last floor, without elevator. BEDDING The apartment has a one mezzanine bedroom with a double bed and another separated room with a simple bed and an extra bedding for 1 person (with a ""futon"" mattress). In the living room there is also a convertible sofa. FRENCH DESCRITION/en francais...: Au coeur de Paris, ce charmant appartement vous accueille. Au cinquième et dernier etage, il a été concu comme un espace ouvert et lumineux. C'est un lieu chaleureux, calme et reposant. Parfait pour se ressourcer entre deux visites. LES CHAMBRES Le logement comprend une chambre en mezzanine avec un lit double et une chambre séparée avec un lit simple et un couchage d'appoint (matelas 1 place futon). Le canapé est convertible 2 places. Attention, l'immeuble n'est pas equipé d'ascenceur."	"Au centre de Paris, à quelques pas de tout, je vous accueille dans mon appartement dans le vivant quartier du Fbg Saint Denis. C'est un endroit chaleureux ou vous pourrez vous ressourcer entre deux visites. Located in the very center of Paris, my apartment is very welcoming. It is a luminous open space, cosy and quiet: the perfect place to rest in between two visits! Pay attention : it is located at the fifth and last floor, without elevator. BEDDING The apartment has a one mezzanine bedroom with a double bed and another separated room with a simple bed and an extra bedding for 1 person (with a ""futon"" mattress). In the living room there is also a convertible sofa. FRENCH DESCRITION/en francais...: Au coeur de Paris, ce charmant appartement vous accueille. Au cinquième et dernier etage, il a été concu comme un espace ouvert et lumineux. C'est un lieu chaleureux, calme et reposant. Parfait pour se ressourcer entre deux visites. LES CHAMBRES Le logement comprend une chambre en mezzanine "
8166	In an old typical Paris building.	Our sunny apartment in the 4th without an elevator :) , is located in a small street near the Gare du Nord and Gare de l'est which means not far from Montmarte and canal saint martin (= Amélie Poulain) . In an old typical Paris building. All acces, feel at home. I'll be there for any questions questions. Many many lignes next to the appartement.
8167	"Bel appartement de 35 m²  situé au 5ème étage d'un immeuble donnant sur une cour verdoyante, vous pourrez y apprécier son calme et sa luminosité. Nice 35m2 appartment located on the 5th floor, overlooking a green courtyard, you will enjoy its peacefulness and brightness. Cuisine : Lave vaisselles, four, four micro-onde, plaques électriques, cafetière. Chambre : Un vrai lit deux places (pas celui qui est sur la photo, il y a désormais un vrai lit avec tête de lit) et un bureau muni d'un ordinateur. Salon : Table basse relevable, idéale pour repas ""familial"" ou pour apéro entre amis et canapé-lit deux places. Salle de bain : Cabine de douche. Cabinet : Toilettes et lave-linge Kitchen : Dishwasher, Oven, Microwave oven, ceramic glass cooktop, coffee maker. Bedroom : A bed (2 pers.) (this is not the bed on the picture, it's now a real bed), and a desk with a computer Living room : Coffee table adjustable, perfect for a family diner or a drink with friends and a sofa bed (2 pers.) Bathroom "	"Appartement de 35 m² idéalement situé que ce soit pour l'accès aux commerces ou aux transports. À deux pas du canal Saint-Martin et proche de la place de la République. Il est aussi lumineux,  totalement équipé et donnant sur cour donc très calme. Bel appartement de 35 m²  situé au 5ème étage d'un immeuble donnant sur une cour verdoyante, vous pourrez y apprécier son calme et sa luminosité. Nice 35m2 appartment located on the 5th floor, overlooking a green courtyard, you will enjoy its peacefulness and brightness. Cuisine : Lave vaisselles, four, four micro-onde, plaques électriques, cafetière. Chambre : Un vrai lit deux places (pas celui qui est sur la photo, il y a désormais un vrai lit avec tête de lit) et un bureau muni d'un ordinateur. Salon : Table basse relevable, idéale pour repas ""familial"" ou pour apéro entre amis et canapé-lit deux places. Salle de bain : Cabine de douche. Cabinet : Toilettes et lave-linge Kitchen : Dishwasher, Oven, Microwave oven, ceramic glass cooktop, co"
8168	 You will discover an old and typical parisian apartment. Calm and bright, it's just been renovated. Decoration has been done with time and passion. It is located at the 4th floor with no lift. With 2 bedrooms, it is perfect for a family, good for 2 couples though. The apartment is located on rue des Vinaigriers, steps away from the renowned and fashionable Canal Saint-Martin. This is a pleasant and very trendy area where Parisians come to have picnics or for a walk on the banks of the canal. Here you will find a lot of cool cafés and nice restaurants proposing traditional French or exotic cuisine.  You will also find numerous fashion and vintage boutiques, most of which are open on Sundays  In the evenings there is entertainment to suit all tastes, including some famous Parisian theatres such as the “Alhambra”, “Palais des Glaces” and the Park Villemin.  The closest metro sation is Jacques Bonsergent.  If you are coming by Gare de l'Est, this station is just 600 metes away from the ap	 You will discover an old and typical parisian apartment. Calm and bright, it's just been renovated. Decoration has been done with time and passion. It is located at the 4th floor with no lift. With 2 bedrooms, it is perfect for a family, good for 2 couples though. The apartment is located on rue des Vinaigriers, steps away from the renowned and fashionable Canal Saint-Martin. This is a pleasant and very trendy area where Parisians come to have picnics or for a walk on the banks of the canal. Here you will find a lot of cool cafés and nice restaurants proposing traditional French or exotic cuisine.  You will also find numerous fashion and vintage boutiques, most of which are open on Sundays  In the evenings there is entertainment to suit all tastes, including some famous Parisian theatres such as the “Alhambra”, “Palais des Glaces” and the Park Villemin.  The closest metro sation is Jacques Bonsergent.  If you are coming by Gare de l'Est, this station is just 600 metes away from the ap
8169		Charming flat in the very trendy area of Canal St-Martin, just 5min walk from Republique.  Composed of 1 main living room & opened kitchen, 1 double bedroom, 1 bathroom and separate toilets. With all key amenities : washing machine, dishwasher...
8170	Spacious, calm and very well located holiday’s apartment in 10e arrondissement of Paris. Super markets, bars and restaurants are all at walking distance. Our flat is recently renovated and fully equipped with all modern facilities.  The surface of our apartment is 40 square meters. It is composed of one bed room and one living room with American kitchen and a spacious bathroom. The building has a digital code/intercom. We may accept the reservation for 4 guests on special occasions.	Spacious, calm and very well located holiday’s apartment in 10e arrondissement of Paris. Our building is situated at the bank of Canal Saint-Martin, which links the Bassin de la Villette to the Seine. It is an ideal place for pic-nick, cycling, shopping and getting a feel of Parisien life style.  https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/canal-saint-martin. Super markets, bars and trendy restaurants are all at walking distance. Our flat is recently renovated and fully equipped with all modern faci Spacious, calm and very well located holiday’s apartment in 10e arrondissement of Paris. Super markets, bars and restaurants are all at walking distance. Our flat is recently renovated and fully equipped with all modern facilities.  The surface of our apartment is 40 square meters. It is composed of one bed room and one living room with American kitchen and a spacious bathroom. The building has a digital code/intercom. We may accept the reservation for 4 guests on special occasions. Our building 
8171	Studio pour 2 personnes dans une résidence calme avec une cours arborée et fleurie au cœur d'un quartier populaire et animé. Exposition plein sud, tout confort, neuf et propre. 2 lignes de métro - à 10min du centre. Tout commerce à proximité. Très fonctionnel. Accès à pied au Canal St Martin ! Restaurants chinois traditionnels  Petits mets orientale à chaque coins de rue (ramadan)  Boîte de nuit La Java a 5min  De nombreux bars  Théâtre de Belleville  5 min a pied du Canal Saint Martin et de la Place de la République (concerts en plein air)  A 10 min de place de l'hôtel de ville (35 concerts en plein air)  Commerces à proximité (Monoprix, Franprix, Lidl)  Parc ouverts 24/24 Butte Chaumont et Parc de Belleville Non Ligne 2 et 11 19m2	Studio pour 2 personnes dans une résidence calme avec une cours arborée et fleurie au cœur d'un quartier populaire et animé. Exposition plein sud, tout confort, neuf et propre. 2 lignes de métro - à 10min du centre. Tout commerce à proximité. Très fonctionnel. Accès à pied au Canal St Martin ! Ligne 2 et 11
8172	FR: Un logement parfait pour un couple, ou couple avec enfants. Un petit cocon en plein centre de Paris , profitant du calme d'une petite cour. Digicode EN: Appartment very suitable for a couple or couple with kids. Very calm. There is as digicode. 	Logement à la déco contemporaine situé dans une des rues les plus vivantes de Paris.  Le quartier est animé mais appartement sur cour intérieure garantissant le calme.  Très bien desservi par plusieurs lignes de métro/bus.  Proximité (website hidden): Un logement parfait pour un couple, ou couple avec enfants. Un petit cocon en plein centre de Paris , profitant du calme d'une petite cour. Digicode EN: Appartment very suitable for a couple or couple with kids. Very calm. There is as (website hidden): Le logement est loué dans son intégralité, vous avez accès à la piève principale, et salle de bain. EN: You have acces to the whole (website hidden):  Pour les arrivées et/ou départ les clés peuvent être données par un voisin (Amine), par mon compagnon (Julien) ou par moi même. EN: For arrivals or departures, keys might be given by a neighbor (Amine), my boyfriend (Julien) or by (website hidden): le quartier est vivant, beaucoup de supermarchés, bars, commerçants, restaurants.  EN: Lots of 
8173	Hello, This pleasant and very sunny apartment during summer is in the center of Paris in 1 minute on foot of the place(square) of the Republic. Clear and charming apartment thanks to these exposed beams, in which you can take your meals at any time of the day on a balcony of 5 m ². The apartment benefits from the new dynamism of the district thanks to its location close to the Saint Martin canal (5 minutes on foot); businesses, shops, restaurants, coffees / bars, market... Numerous subway stations are near the apartment: republic (lines 9, 8, 5, 3, 11), Jacques Bonsergent (line 5), Water tower (line 4), east Station (line 4), and in 15 min on foot, the station(resort) Gare du Nord station (lines 4, 2, RER B and D). You will find this below more ample information See you soon. Surface Apartment: 22 m ² Surface balcony: 5 m ² (chairs + table + parasol) Open cooking(kitchen): oven - microwave, refrigerator, freezer, burns(blows) out bread, dishes(crockery), 2 plates(patches)  Chamber(Room	Hello, This pleasant and very sunny apartment during summer is in the center of Paris in 1 minute on foot of the place(square) of the Republic. Clear and charming apartment thanks to these exposed beams, in which you can take your meals at any time of the day on a balcony of 5 m ². The apartment benefits from the new dynamism of the district thanks to its location close to the Saint Martin canal (5 minutes on foot); businesses, shops, restaurants, coffees / bars, market... Numerous subway stations are near the apartment: republic (lines 9, 8, 5, 3, 11), Jacques Bonsergent (line 5), Water tower (line 4), east Station (line 4), and in 15 min on foot, the station(resort) Gare du Nord station (lines 4, 2, RER B and D). You will find this below more ample information See you soon. Surface Apartment: 22 m ² Surface balcony: 5 m ² (chairs + table + parasol) Open cooking(kitchen): oven - microwave, refrigerator, freezer, burns(blows) out bread, dishes(crockery), 2 plates(patches)  Chamber(Room
8174	Beautiful loft in the center of Paris near Canal St Martin. Very comfortable et nice for two people. (a third is possible on the couch). Not very far from Republique.	Beautiful loft in the center of Paris near Canal St Martin. Very comfortable and nice for two people. (a third is possible on the couch). Not very far from Republique. Metro : Louis Blanc and Jaures
8175	L'appartement est idéal pour une famille avec 1 ou 2 enfants. Le grand double séjour lumineux de près de 40 m2 avec une cuisine américaine permet de prendre l'apéritif ou le repas en toute convivialité. La salle de bain dispose d'une touche italienne. La grande chambre d'enfants de 25 m2 ravira les plus jeunes. La deuxième chambre comporte un lit-double. Le grand canapé-lit du séjour permet un couchage pour 2 personnes supplémentaires.	Grand appartement au mobilier design de 80 m2 dans un joli passage privé. Double séjour 6 fenêtres offrant un espace à vivre très agréable. Nombreux excellents commerces de bouche et restaurants à proximité. 5 lignes de métro à moins de 5 min à pied. L'appartement est idéal pour une famille avec 1 ou 2 enfants. Le grand double séjour lumineux de près de 40 m2 avec une cuisine américaine permet de prendre l'apéritif ou le repas en toute convivialité. La salle de bain dispose d'une touche italienne. La grande chambre d'enfants de 25 m2 ravira les plus jeunes. La deuxième chambre comporte un lit-double. Le grand canapé-lit du séjour permet un couchage pour 2 personnes supplémentaires. Les invités auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Le quartier présente deux gros avantages: la qualité de ces commerces de bouche et la proximité de 5 lignes de métro différentes.  Vous pourrez savourez le jambon italien du Capri Bazar, la viande du boucher Bonne Viande Saint Denis ou encore le fromage
8176	The apartment is 34 square meters, situated in the 4th floor (no elevator) of a quiet, clean building.  The bedroom has a double bed (140x200 cm) and large wardrobe to put your clothes.  The kitchen is fully equipped : all pots and pans you might need + gas stove, micro wave, water boiler, toaster, rice cooker, fridge, freezer.  The bathroom is not huge, but you'll find a big italian shower, a towel dryer and everything necessary.  All linens, towels and basic products (soap, toilet paper) will be provided.  I can also  accommodate a 3d person in the living room with an inflatable mattress.	"Find the perfect base to explore Paris and enjoy ""la belle vie"". The apartment is 34 square meters, situated in the 4th floor (no elevator) of a quiet, clean building.  The bedroom has a double bed (140x200 cm) and large wardrobe to put your clothes.  The kitchen is fully equipped : all pots and pans you might need + gas stove, micro wave, water boiler, toaster, rice cooker, fridge, freezer.  The bathroom is not huge, but you'll find a big italian shower, a towel dryer and everything necessary.  All linens, towels and basic products (soap, toilet paper) will be provided.  I can also  accommodate a 3d person in the living room with an inflatable mattress. You'll have the apartment to yourself (except some storage where i will have put away my stuff). You can always reach me by email, phone or text before and during your stay. I try to be as much flexible as I can for the keys. It's the fastest changing neighborhood in Paris. Once gritty Belleville is now crowded with hipsters and cool p"
8177	3 pièces (cuisine, salon, chambre) exposées ouest, soleil le matin, belle lumière tout au long de la journée. 	Bright and modern 40sqm appartment on the 5th floor located in a central neighborhood, walking distance from Canal St Martin and Buttes Chaumont Park. Fully equipped kitchen, living room with a one person bed and one bedroom. Available on the phone at all time Don't hesitate to ask for informations, there are many great places have a drink or eat in the neighborhood!! 5 minutes walking from Colonel Fabien (Metro line 2) and 30 seconds walking from Grange aux Belles - Juliette Dodu (bus lines 46 and 75)
8178		公寓在巴黎市中心10区   1室1厅 独立厕所卫生间 去任何景点都很近地理位置极好 房子中档装修 设施齐全家电网络 应有尽有  价格经济实惠
8179	Appartement haussmannien (50m²), très chaleureux, décoré avec goût. Grand salon / salle à manger refait à neuf. Cheminées d'époque dans le salon et la chambre, moulures et parquet, beaucoup de cachet. Calme (triple vitrage). Le logement peut accueillir 6 personnes au total : - Lit double dans la chambre - Grand canapé convertible dans le salon - Petit canapé convertible : pour un voyageur seul ou pour un couple. L'appartement est au 3e étage avec ascenseur (qui peut accueillir trois personnes mais qui est assez étroit : pas compatible avec une poussette, très grosses valises ou personne de très forte corpulence). Nous prêtons les draps, taies d'oreiller, couettes et serviettes nécessaires pour tous les voyageurs.	Appartement 50m² à 1 min de la gare du Nord, 1 arrêt de Châtelet et Saint Lazare. 2 pièces : grand salon/salle à manger ( 23m) ; chambre, cuisine, toilettes et salle de bains séparés. 6 personnes max : un lit deux places et deux canapés convertibles Appartement haussmannien (50m²), très chaleureux, décoré avec goût. Grand salon / salle à manger refait à neuf. Cheminées d'époque dans le salon et la chambre, moulures et parquet, beaucoup de cachet. Calme (triple vitrage). Le logement peut accueillir 6 personnes au total : - Lit double dans la chambre - Grand canapé convertible dans le salon - Petit canapé convertible : pour un voyageur seul ou pour un couple. L'appartement est au 3e étage avec ascenseur (qui peut accueillir trois personnes mais qui est assez étroit : pas compatible avec une poussette, très grosses valises ou personne de très forte corpulence). Nous prêtons les draps, taies d'oreiller, couettes et serviettes nécessaires pour tous les voyageurs. Tout l'appartement. Langues
8180		    I'm renting my charming fully furnished 2BR Apt. 55m2, two-storey, perfect for a couple or an individual, clear and quiet. Sleeps 2. Typical old Parisian building, with nice wooden floors. Located at the fifth floor with elevator.    
8181	The appartment has lot's of charm and a good energy. You can cook there and have a rest with a bottle of wine accompanied with cheese, if you wish. Its charm and Artistic style give it a lot of personality ( lot's of my own paintings are decorating the flat ! ). This apartment has 1 bedroom (1 double bed sofa in the living room and 1 double bed sofa in the bedroom).  A big bathroom, with bathtub is also at your disposal with towels, and a hairdryer. In the lounge, you will collapse on the sofa. You will find everything you need ; for example : Umbrella, iron, towels, coffee, tea, pasta and wine. You can make you own breakfeast : Marmelade, coffee, tea ,chocolate and kettle are at your disposal ! The flat is on the 5th floor by steps, and then it is bright place. Let us qualify the district: Cosmopolitan, friendly, trendy, bohemian, cheerful and multicultural. Insensible in the district and inhabitants: impossible wish ! After evening: follow all the Street Jean Pierre Timbaud that we c	Take advantage of this romantic apartment of 25 m2 ( 269 square feet) situated quite meadows of the Canal (50 m) with a modern artistic style, free WIFI and a fireplace ! The kitchen is very well equiped and the bathroom has a warm bathtub !  The appartment has lot's of charm and a good energy. You can cook there and have a rest with a bottle of wine accompanied with cheese, if you wish. Its charm and Artistic style give it a lot of personality ( lot's of my own paintings are decorating the flat ! ). This apartment has 1 bedroom (1 double bed sofa in the living room and 1 double bed sofa in the bedroom).  A big bathroom, with bathtub is also at your disposal with towels, and a hairdryer. In the lounge, you will collapse on the sofa. You will find everything you need ; for example : Umbrella, iron, towels, coffee, tea, pasta and wine. You can make you own breakfeast : Marmelade, coffee, tea ,chocolate and kettle are at your disposal ! The flat is on the 5th floor by steps, and then it i
8182	This one-bedroom apartment is in the epicentre of bustling, multicultural Paris, yet also manages to mix elegance and style This one-bedroom apartment is in the very centre of Paris in the lively multicultural Strasbourg Saint Denis district, around ten minutes on foot from the Marais. The sleek, elegant style of this furnished apartment charms everybody who visits with its top-quality contemporary décor. Two large windows flood the apartment with light, with the white walls and polished floor adding to the effect.  The main room has a living area with a sofa, armchair and coffee tables, as well as a modern, open-plan kitchen with everything you'll need, including a fridge, oven, hob and washing machine. Finally, a dining table can comfortably seat six dinner guests. The bathroom has an open shower, basin and toilet, and gives directly onto the bedroom, where there’s a double bed, flatscreen TV and high-speed Internet connection. And as soon as you step outside, you'll find yourself in	This one-bedroom apartment is in the epicentre of bustling, multicultural Paris, yet also manages to mix elegance and style This one-bedroom apartment is in the very centre of Paris in the lively multicultural Strasbourg Saint Denis district, around ten minutes on foot from the Marais. The sleek, elegant style of this furnished apartment charms everybody who visits with its top-quality contemporary décor. Two large windows flood the apartment with light, with the white walls and polished floor adding to the effect.  The main room has a living area with a sofa, armchair and coffee tables, as well as a modern, open-plan kitchen with everything you'll need, including a fridge, oven, hob and washing machine. Finally, a dining table can comfortably seat six dinner guests. The bathroom has an open shower, basin and toilet, and gives directly onto the bedroom, where there’s a double bed, flatscreen TV and high-speed Internet connection. And as soon as you step outside, you'll find yourself in
8183	One room to rent, 50 euros the double room, with breakfast included. An independant bathroom and a toilet are to share with the guests. 	"We rent 1 room in a very nice 120 meter square appartment. The breakfast and the towels are included in the price. It's close to the Canal St Martin.  You take your breakfast in the ""red"" kitchen One room to rent, 50 euros the double room, with breakfast included. An independant bathroom and a toilet are to share with the guests.  Free wifi Toilet separated Common bathroom for the guests A nice couple, Patricia and Michel give you advices for your parisian trip… Nice cultural places to visite, cool areas, bars and restaurants. We like to help visitors. We give also some advises to visit classical monuments and museums We are in a popular area very close, by metro, to Beaubourg art modern art museum or the Sacré cœur... We are between 2 nice area : the ""Canal St Martin"" and ""Oberkampf"" We are at 4 stations from Centre Georges Pompidou. We are close to the métros Goncourt (ligne 11) et Belleville (lignes 2 et 11). In one room we can add a bed for a third person, it's 20 euros per night "
8184	Charming, very sunny, cosy, calm and well decorated apartment. Luminous 5th floor, on two very pretty courtyards witch make the place very peaceful. There's one bedroom, a living room and an american kitchen all equipped with a washing machine, oven, juicer, toaster, kettle and many stoves etc. In the living room : cable TV (with Canal +), Wifi internet, telephone and airport hi-fi. The apartment is located few steps away from the  fashionable Canal Saint-Martin. Pleasant and trendy area where Parisians hang out to have drinks or picnics on the canal. You can find nice cafés and very good restaurants (traditional or exotic) not so expensive (I have a list of my favorites that I can give you).  You also find great fashion and vintage stores.  There's also many supermarkets and fine stores.  The closest metro sation is Goncourt (1 minute) but République is at 3 minutes. Le Marais - historical center of Paris - is à 3 metro stations or you can walk there that'll take you 15 minutes.  If y	Charming, very sunny, cosy, calm and well decorated apartment. Luminous 5th floor, on two very pretty courtyards witch make the place very peaceful. There's one bedroom, a living room and an american kitchen all equipped with a washing machine, oven, juicer, toaster, kettle and many stoves etc. In the living room : cable TV (with Canal +), Wifi internet, telephone and airport hi-fi. The apartment is located few steps away from the  fashionable Canal Saint-Martin. Pleasant and trendy area where Parisians hang out to have drinks or picnics on the canal. You can find nice cafés and very good restaurants (traditional or exotic) not so expensive (I have a list of my favorites that I can give you).  You also find great fashion and vintage stores.  There's also many supermarkets and fine stores.  The closest metro sation is Goncourt (1 minute) but République is at 3 minutes. Le Marais - historical center of Paris - is à 3 metro stations or you can walk there that'll take you 15 minutes.  If y
8185	The apt is very quiet and comfortable. It is one piece, with a real bed (2 people) and a convertible couch (2 people). 	"The studio is ideally situated, in the heart of the ""Village Saint-Martin"". The apt is very quiet and comfortable. It is one piece, with a real bed (2 people) and a convertible couch (2 people). "
8186	This is the perfect apartment for a vacation in Paris ; calm apartment with view on courtyard in a very lively and hip neighboorhood of Paris. Easy transportation with metros, bikes and buses, great bars and restaurant nearby and supermarkets. This apartment is very bright, cosy and very a nice space to live in. It is well decorated and has all of the equipment that you would need. Perfect for a couple (one big two-people bed) or three people (there is a couch in the living room that can be used as a bed as it has a real mattress). Would be perfect for two adults and one child.	This is the perfect cocoon for any kind of vacation that you envision ; either a quiet and calm stay right near the banks of the dreamy Canal Saint Martin, or an exciting vacation in this young, hip and up-and-coming neighborhood :) This is the perfect apartment for a vacation in Paris ; calm apartment with view on courtyard in a very lively and hip neighboorhood of Paris. Easy transportation with metros, bikes and buses, great bars and restaurant nearby and supermarkets. This apartment is very bright, cosy and very a nice space to live in. It is well decorated and has all of the equipment that you would need. Perfect for a couple (one big two-people bed) or three people (there is a couch in the living room that can be used as a bed as it has a real mattress). Would be perfect for two adults and one child. You will have access to the entire apartment. I will welcome you if I am in Paris, otherwise I will make sure to have someone that I trust who will be able to welcome you and make su
8187	Lively neighborhood, but quiet apartment. Located next to a lot of stores. First floor in the building, opening on a small courtyard.	A quiet and luminous studio for 2 persons ! Lively neighborhood, but quiet apartment. Located next to a lot of stores. First floor in the building, opening on a small courtyard. We will welcome and help each traveler to make the best of Paris ! We speak English, German and Italian. Many restaurants, bars, theaters and cinemas in the next neighbourhood Subway lines 4 (Chateau d'eau), 5 (Gare de l'Est/Jacques Bonsergent), 7 (Gare de l'Est), 8 & 9 (Strasbourg Saint-Denis and Bonne Nouvelle). Many buses (phone number hidden)...)
8188	Charming and lovely 323 sq ft (30 m2) apartment located in the 10th district, close to canal St Martin and Gare du Nord. 30 minutes away from the Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports (RER B line). - 5th floor, 3 Large windows with balconies ( from where you can see the Eiffel Tower!!) very sunny, - 30 seconds walk to the subway station ( 3 subway lines: 2, 4 and 5 + 3 RER lines = Fast train/suburban trains) - 10 minutes walking distance to Canal St Martin and 5 minutes to Chatelet by RER B - 5 minutes away from Paris' most famous department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Le Printemps) by RER E. Amenities: - 1 Queen size Murphy bed (sheets provided) + 1 convertible sofa bed - Very high speed wireless Internet + large TV screen (cable : +100 channels) - 1 kitchen with : microwave / fridge / blender / toaster / laundry machine - 1 Bathroom with shower ( towels provided), WC No elevator. PERFECT FOR A SWEET AND TYPICAL PARISIAN STAY!! :)	Charming and lovely 323 sq ft (30 m2) apartment located in the 10th district, close to canal St Martin and Gare du Nord. 30 minutes away from the Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports (RER B line). - 5th floor, 3 Large windows with balconies ( from where you can see the Eiffel Tower!!) very sunny, - 30 seconds walk to the subway station ( 3 subway lines: 2, 4 and 5 + 3 RER lines = Fast train/suburban trains) - 10 minutes walking distance to Canal St Martin and 5 minutes to Chatelet by RER B - 5 minutes away from Paris' most famous department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Le Printemps) by RER E. Amenities: - 1 Queen size Murphy bed (sheets provided) + 1 convertible sofa bed - Very high speed wireless Internet + large TV screen (cable : +100 channels) - 1 kitchen with : microwave / fridge / blender / toaster / laundry machine - 1 Bathroom with shower ( towels provided), WC No elevator. PERFECT FOR A SWEET AND TYPICAL PARISIAN STAY!! :)
8189		Lovely and bright studio apartment with view over the parisians roofs.
8190	L'emplacement est idéal pour découvrir Paris à pied ou en métro. L'appartement vient juste d'être refait à neuf, nouvelle cuisine et nouvelle salle de bain. Les photos seront sur le site dès la fin des travaux. La décoration est de style Art Déco. L'appartement a une vue sur le boulevard Bonne Nouvelle mais sans les nuisances. Accès à toutes les pièces J'essaie d'être présent pour votre accueil et vous pourrez toujours me joindre à tous moments. Sauf exception je ne serai pas présent dans le logement. La proximité des théâtres comme les Follies Bergères, le théâtre du Gymnase, le musée Grévin, le théâtre des variétés, du cinéma le Grand Rex, de la salle de concert Le New Morning. Quartier animé avec la rue St Denis et la rue Montorgueil. Les quartiers des halles, Montmartre et de l'opéra sont à 15 mn à pied.  Métro ligne 8 et 9 juste devant l'immeuble. Possibilité de garer votre voiture au sous sol de l'immeuble mais le parking public est payant c'est 25 € par jour.  Mes hôtes doivent 	L'emplacement est idéal pour découvrir Paris à pied ou en métro. L'appartement vient juste d'être refait à neuf, nouvelle cuisine et nouvelle salle de bain. Les photos seront sur le site dès la fin des travaux. La décoration est de style Art Déco. L'appartement a une vue sur le boulevard Bonne Nouvelle mais sans les nuisances. Accès à toutes les pièces J'essaie d'être présent pour votre accueil et vous pourrez toujours me joindre à tous moments. Sauf exception je ne serai pas présent dans le logement. La proximité des théâtres comme les Follies Bergères, le théâtre du Gymnase, le musée Grévin, le théâtre des variétés, du cinéma le Grand Rex, de la salle de concert Le New Morning. Quartier animé avec la rue St Denis et la rue Montorgueil. Les quartiers des halles, Montmartre et de l'opéra sont à 15 mn à pied.  Métro ligne 8 et 9 juste devant l'immeuble. Possibilité de garer votre voiture au sous sol de l'immeuble mais le parking public est payant c'est 25 € par jour.  Mes hôtes doivent 
8191	Large bright apartment “1900' style”. This apartment has been completely refurbished 3 years ago. There is every equipment you need in the Kitchen (oven, toaster, boiler, washing machine and a large fridge...) and a bathroom with a hair dryer!!  A large bedroom.  The room is furnished with a double bed, and there is a sofa-convertible in the living room.	Well located at 7 minutes walk from Gare dun Nord (easy if you are coming from Thalys, Eurostar... and direct métro for Champs Elysées (line 2) and metro for Louvre Museum, Le Marais, Notre Dame (line 7) Large bright apartment “1900' style”. This apartment has been completely refurbished 3 years ago. There is every equipment you need in the Kitchen (oven, toaster, boiler, washing machine and a large fridge...) and a bathroom with a hair dryer!!  A large bedroom.  The room is furnished with a double bed, and there is a sofa-convertible in the living room. The apartement is 5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord. No need to take metro or a taxi if you are coming from Gare du Nord. We will discuss via Airbnb and then by text message or WhatsApp. Depending on my work, I can pick up you at the railway station (really close from the apartment) and if you need it I can give you a short notice of things to do in Paris. This is a new trendy area of Paris. There is as well all kind of shops, at around
8192	The apartment sleeps very comfortably 2 persons in the bedroom and I can install an air bed the dining-room. The living room has 2 big windows that gives access to a nice balcony. The flat is very bright.	In Paris’s hottest new micro-quartier  A typical traditional Parisian, bright and spacious apartment (60m2 / 500 sq.feet) with a big living rom, a separate bedroom, an independant kitchen and a balcony, in a very central and convenient area. The apartment sleeps very comfortably 2 persons in the bedroom and I can install an air bed the dining-room. The living room has 2 big windows that gives access to a nice balcony. The flat is very bright. Paris’s hottest new micro-quartier near Gare du Nord according to The Guardian (Saturday 15 November 2014) Steps away from where passengers disembark the Eurostar trains from London lies one of the city’s hippest neighbourhoods, full of exciting new restaurants, bars and shops. The latest hotspot is in a micro quartier right near Gare du Nord, home of Paris’s Eurostar terminal. This formerly nondescript ’hood, wedged between the international station and the Marais, covering the streets between Cadet and Château d’Eau metro stations, has long thre
8193	Proximité du très joli canal Saint martin, vous sortirez de l'appartement et vous pourrez commencer votre running, votre sieste, boire l'apéro, ou vous refaire le remake d'Amélie poulain.	Charmant T2 situé au niveau du canal Saint Martin de 27 m2, proximité des gares du nord et de l'est, métro/ bus / vélib. Chambre séparée avec lit double + Salon avec convertible boconcept + cuisine équipée + Salle de bain et toilettes séparés. Proximité du très joli canal Saint martin, vous sortirez de l'appartement et vous pourrez commencer votre running, votre sieste, boire l'apéro, ou vous refaire le remake d'Amélie poulain. L'appartement comporte deux doubles fenêtres, parquet ancien, récemment repeint. Le salon comporte : un canapé convertible Boconcept 140 x 200, deux tables basses, un meuble télé avec écran, un lecteur Blue-ray, une plastation 3. La cuisine entièrement équipée dispose d'un lave-sèche linge, un lave vaisselle, four, bouilloire, grille pain, cafetière italienne, Nespresso et classique. Vaisselle fournie. Produits entretiens disponible ainsi qu'un aspirateur. Je travaille à l'hopital européen Georges Pompidou à paris intra muros, je serai donc joignable avec possib
8194	studio de 11m2 carré,tout équipé,canapé lit,douche,wc ,lave main,cuisine équipée et rangements. wifi  wifi	Petit studio , tout équipé, wc et douche privative, très calme , au rez de chaussé ,métro en face de l'immeuble .proche toute commodité la surface et de 11m2 . Très propre , mais surtout proche de de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare de l'Est .coté canal saint Martin. studio de 11m2 carré,tout équipé,canapé lit,douche,wc ,lave main,cuisine équipée et rangements. wifi  wifi Free wifi Cartier populaire , de très bon restaurant français , comme chez papa ( repas copieux et abordable), laverie , boutiques et Metro juste à côté , mais le meilleur les balades au bord du canal saint Martin , trop génial !!! Métro ligne 7 , station Louis Blanc ou métro Gare de l'Est ou encore la Gare du Nord à 10 mns à pied.
8195	Bel appartement refait à neuf, très lumineux, vue dégagée sur une place, parquet au sol. Calme, magnifique vue sur le sacré coeur de Montmartre. Possibilité de louer la chambre ou l'appartement entier (autre annonce)	"Ch. à louer dans appartement de 61m² Refait à neuf, 2 chambres (mais une seule en location), une cuisine américaine équipée ouverte sur séjour lumineux. Accès à l'appartement entier (sauf 2e chambre) Bel appartement refait à neuf, très lumineux, vue dégagée sur une place, parquet au sol. Calme, magnifique vue sur le sacré coeur de Montmartre. Possibilité de louer la chambre ou l'appartement entier (autre annonce) A tout l'appartement sauf une chambre privée Par mail, par téléphone A deux pas du Canal Saint Martin, des Buttes Chaumont, de Montmartre et de la Place de la République Métro ligne 2 ""Colonel Fabien"" Métro ligne 11 ""Goncourt"" Transports et nombreux commerces à proximité"
8196	Located right next to the Gare de l'Est and 5 minutes walking from the lovely Canal Saint Martin, this is a typical Parisian flat with hard wood floor and beautiful high ceiling. All the walls are painted white so it's always very bright no matter the weather outside. The flat has 2 bedrooms. In each one, you have a dressing and a big mattress. The bathroom is in one of the bedroom so you have to go through one of the bedroom to use it (it's the only cons of the flat). The toilets are separated from the bathroom so you don't have to go through any bedrooms to use it ! As in most Parisisan flat, kitchen is not huge, it's just perfect to cook. There are a washing machine, a small oven, a coffee machine.  The living room is nice and cosy : a couch, a coffee table and a small table. Once again, it's very bright so you have natural light until very late. You will have access to WIFI. There are also a flat screen TV and plenty of French books :) The flat is very central. You have plenty of m	Located right next to the Gare de l'Est and 5 minutes walking from the lovely Canal Saint Martin, this is a typical Parisian flat with hard wood floor and beautiful high ceiling. All the walls are painted white so it's always very bright no matter the weather outside. The flat has 2 bedrooms. In each one, you have a dressing and a big mattress. The bathroom is in one of the bedroom so you have to go through one of the bedroom to use it (it's the only cons of the flat). The toilets are separated from the bathroom so you don't have to go through any bedrooms to use it ! As in most Parisisan flat, kitchen is not huge, it's just perfect to cook. There are a washing machine, a small oven, a coffee machine.  The living room is nice and cosy : a couch, a coffee table and a small table. Once again, it's very bright so you have natural light until very late. You will have access to WIFI. There are also a flat screen TV and plenty of French books :) The flat is very central. You have plenty of m
8197		"Je vous propose de dormir dans mon appartement, un lit ""clic-clac"" deux places, une salle de bain et tous les transports à côté !"
8198	18m2 with comfortable convertible sofa, nice space for cooking ( gas cooker, electric oven) and a washing machine. Internet access possible.	Close to the station Colonel Fabien,  everything you need is at 50 meters ( bars, restaurants, supermarket, bakery...). My home has internet, electric oven, gas-ccoker,  washing machine. It's situated in a green area ( Parcs and Canal St Martin) ! 18m2 with comfortable convertible sofa, nice space for cooking ( gas cooker, electric oven) and a washing machine. Internet access possible. entire flat If i'm here, i'll be glad too give you some tips! Families and youth chilling out with a pic-nic on the canal, many bars, restaurants and supermarkets very close Close to RER and train stations : Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord (10 mins walking). Metro 2 and metro 5 and 7 at 2 mins walk
8199	Ce studio est situé au centre de Paris, dans un quartier animé mais la rue est calme la nuit. Il est équipé de tout le confort de base (c'est mon logement à l'année), et même d'une baignoire !  Dernier étage donc peu de passage et calme mais à deux pas d'une multitude de commerces et bars/restaurants.	Studio sous les toits dans appartement typiquement parisien, dans un quartier central (Strasbourg St Denis), très vivant et très bien relié. Le studio (30m²), lumineux peut accueillir 2 personnes, avec baignoire, cuisine et rangements disponibles. Ce studio est situé au centre de Paris, dans un quartier animé mais la rue est calme la nuit. Il est équipé de tout le confort de base (c'est mon logement à l'année), et même d'une baignoire !  Dernier étage donc peu de passage et calme mais à deux pas d'une multitude de commerces et bars/restaurants. Non loin des deux gares de l'Est et du Nord. 5/10 min de marche pour arriver à Châtelet et aux Halles.  Métros 4, 9 et 8 qui sont directs vers presque tous les coins de Paris.  Je ne serai pas présente pendant votre séjour, je vous accueillerai à l'arrivée pour vous présenter les lieux et donner quelques indications. Même chose au moment du départ où je viendrai récupérer les clés et vérifier l'état des lieux. Non loin du Grand Rex et de sa boit
8200	Splendid one bedroom apartment of 688 square feet (64 square meters) fully renovated by famous architect in 2013. Situated on rue de Marseille in the 10th arrondissement of Paris, a district in rapidly expansion, near Republique and very close to the Canal Saint Martin (100 meters). It is composed of 1 living room with 3 small balconies, 1 kitchen totally equipped, 1 bedroom with a balcony as well and 1 bathroom with bathtub. The luxurious furniture has been chosen by tidiness such as the armchair from LeCorbusier. The apartment can welcome up 3 people and the closest metro station is Jacques Bonsergent. 	Beautiful apartment for 3 persons, fully renovated by architect Rue de Marseille close to Republique and 2 steps from the Canal Saint Martin. A perfect place for a business or leisure trip.. Splendid one bedroom apartment of 688 square feet (64 square meters) fully renovated by famous architect in 2013. Situated on rue de Marseille in the 10th arrondissement of Paris, a district in rapidly expansion, near Republique and very close to the Canal Saint Martin (100 meters). It is composed of 1 living room with 3 small balconies, 1 kitchen totally equipped, 1 bedroom with a balcony as well and 1 bathroom with bathtub. The luxurious furniture has been chosen by tidiness such as the armchair from LeCorbusier. The apartment can welcome up 3 people and the closest metro station is Jacques Bonsergent.  - Wifi unlimited - International tv channels - Washing machine - Sheets and towels - Furniture of very good quality I am at your disposition throughout your stay. This district changed a lot those
8201		Description générale :  Situé à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin, l'appartement est décoré de manière à créer une atmosphère détendue : meubles en bois asiatique; tableaux de peintures et dessins au mur mettant l’accent sur le thème du romantisme ; chambre à évocation japonaise. Il saura donc vous rendre zens.  Lumineux… vous pourrez en profiter pleinement dès votre petit-déjeuner dans une ambiance de relaxation. L’appartement, disposant de deux chambres, est idéal pour quatre personnes. Le long du Canal Saint Martin, vous pourrez faire de belles promenades à pied ou en bateau jusqu’à la Villette ou vers Bastille. Le quartier est animé avec ses nombreux restaurants, cafés et commerces. Les voies des deux côtés du Canal sont fermées à la circulation le dimanche, ce qui ouvre la voie aux rencontres avec les promeneurs qu’ils soient en solitaire, en amoureux, en groupe ou en famille. Côté restaurants et cafés : Sur les traces d’Arletty, imprégnez-vous de l’atmosphère de l’Hôtel du Nord… Vou
8202	Appartement typique parisien début du XIXe. Parquet massif, miroirs, cheminées, lumineux, calme.	Appartement de 4 pièces (2 chambres et un double salon) avec un balcon donnant sur la rue du faubourg saint-Denis, très bien desservi. Proche des gares de l'est et du Nord, du canal saint-Martin, centre Pompidou et Opéra. Quartier animé et vivant. Appartement typique parisien début du XIXe. Parquet massif, miroirs, cheminées, lumineux, calme. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement et ses équipements : internet, tv, téléphone, chaine hifi. Machine à laver le linge, lave-vaisselle, frigo, four micro-onde récents. Baignoire. Nous accueillons les voyageurs le jour de leur arrivée et les laissons tranquille jusqu'au jour du départ ou nous venons voir si tout c'est bien passé. Nous sommes disponibles par téléphone pour la moindre question durant leur séjour et mettons à dispositions nos bonnes adresses du quartier ! La rue du faubourg saint-denis est bien connue du Paris populaire et branché. Vous serez étonné par la multitude de cultures (africaines, turques, indiennes...) et
8203	Location Near the Canal St Martin and a three minutes walk from Republic Square (totally refurbished recently), ten minutes walk from the Marais district, near the main boulevards. Appartment The appartment comprises: entrance, living room with eating corner+bar and open kitchen, fully stuffed bathroom and a sleeping room. Ideal for couples and small families. The bedroom has a ldouble bed (with high-end mattress) and there is an additional (extendable) couch in the living room. The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, intercom. Equipment / Appliances Dishwasher, microwave, oven/cooking plates, washing machine, electric towel rail, fridge/freezer, TV, WIFI/internet, printer, dvd player 	In the heart of Paris, close to all main subway stations - the ideal location for a stay in Paris.Bright, sunny, totally renewed 2-room appartment. Comprising: entrance, living room+eating corner+bar and open kitchen, bathroom and a sleeping room. Location Near the Canal St Martin and a three minutes walk from Republic Square (totally refurbished recently), ten minutes walk from the Marais district, near the main boulevards. Appartment The appartment comprises: entrance, living room with eating corner+bar and open kitchen, fully stuffed bathroom and a sleeping room. Ideal for couples and small families. The bedroom has a ldouble bed (with high-end mattress) and there is an additional (extendable) couch in the living room. The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, intercom. Equipment / Appliances Dishwasher, microwave, oven/cooking plates, washing machine, electric towel rail, fridge/freezer, TV, WIFI/internet, printer, dvd player Guests have access to all appl
8204		Confortable, bright,  calm and clean apartament with big windows and wooden floor. 2 rooms, one big bathroom and a small kitchen.  10 minutes walking from Sacre Coeur and Galeries Laffayette, you dont even need to take the metro! Metro POISSONNIERE ligne 7 or BONNE NOUVELLE ligne 8 and 9
8205	Unique par le quartier, très calme et lumineux, 6eme étage avec ascenseur, salle de bains avec baignoire, tout équipé avec Wi-fi, TV, 4 couchages au total. Chambre, pièce principale et salle de bains séparés. 	2 pièces, 33 m2, excellent standing, calme et lumineux. Équipé électroménager, aud-vid / Wi-Fi. Hébergement 3 pers. SDB avec baignoire. Situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, grande prox. tous commerces, restaurants, cafés, métros, canal St-Martin. Unique par le quartier, très calme et lumineux, 6eme étage avec ascenseur, salle de bains avec baignoire, tout équipé avec Wi-fi, TV, 4 couchages au total. Chambre, pièce principale et salle de bains séparés. Nombreux commerces, cafés/pubs, boutiques, très bons petits restaurants, théâtres, Canal St-Martin, quartier typiquement parisien. Proximité tous commerces, place de la république. Nombreux petits restaurants et bars/pubs au bord du canal. Métro Goncourt (lignes 11), République (lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11) ou Jacques Bonsergent (ligne 5). Environnement très calme et commerces d'alimentation situés à 50m de part et d'autre du logement.
8206	"Stylish apartment in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian neighborhood. Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience. The flat is located close to the lovely Sainte Marthe Square with full of typical restaurants, art galeries and colored shops and close to the Canal Saint Martin. There is also an inner courtyard that you can use as a terrasse. This former artist's studio is unique with a large bay window offering brightness and peace thanks to a soundproof and mirror-effect window which gives you daylight without being seen from the street. Located on the groundfloor in a small and quiet street, the flat is bright and quiet. The flat has been used as sets cinema in the movie ""Au bonheur des Ogres"" with Bérénice Béjo, Isabelle Huppert, Emir Kusturica and Raphaël Personnaz."	"Former artist's studio, this unique apartment is a one bedroom bright and quiet located in the heart of Paris. Stylish apartment in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian neighborhood. Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience. The flat is located close to the lovely Sainte Marthe Square with full of typical restaurants, art galeries and colored shops and close to the Canal Saint Martin. There is also an inner courtyard that you can use as a terrasse. This former artist's studio is unique with a large bay window offering brightness and peace thanks to a soundproof and mirror-effect window which gives you daylight without being seen from the street. Located on the groundfloor in a small and quiet street, the flat is bright and quiet. The flat has been used as sets cinema in the movie ""Au bonheur des Ogres"" with Bérénice Béjo, Isabelle Huppert, Emir Kusturica and Raphaël Personnaz. Large and confortable bed, all amenities, Wifi, washing machine, hair d"
8207	Situé dans un immeuble haussmannien, l'appartement offre tout le charme de l'ancien (moulures, parquet, cheminée), avec un réaménagement très moderne (cuisine ouverte, aucun couloir). Sa décoration faite d'objets et de meubles rapportés des 4 coins du monde est une invitation au voyage. Sa situation à 2 pas du canal St Martin vous permet d'être au coeur de la vraie vie parisienne.	Au 5ème, 2 chambres, un double salon avec clic clac, une cuisine américaine, une salle de bain, WC séparés et balcon longeant. Appartement habité le reste de l'année donc complètement équipé. Proche métro république. Situé dans un immeuble haussmannien, l'appartement offre tout le charme de l'ancien (moulures, parquet, cheminée), avec un réaménagement très moderne (cuisine ouverte, aucun couloir). Sa décoration faite d'objets et de meubles rapportés des 4 coins du monde est une invitation au voyage. Sa situation à 2 pas du canal St Martin vous permet d'être au coeur de la vraie vie parisienne. Vous êtes dans un appartement habité le restant de l'année, donc vous avez accès à toutes les facilités possibles : Des centaines de DVD et CD, internet, large équipement de cuisine, aliments de base... L'appartement est à 5 mn à pied du canal St-Martin, dernier quartier à la mode avec ses bars et resto, ses quais animés et ses balades en velo. Il est également à 5mn de République, où vous trouve
8208	"Please note that this room is available to WOMEN ONLY. The room is situated in a big typical parisian Haussmanien building. The bedroom is quite big but most importantly, the bed is huge! 2 m x 2 m big! The living room is also very spacious with brand new media. You can watch french TV in the leather couch. I will be able to advice you on your trip and maybe show you around if I am available. The neighborhood is very ""BOBO"" as Parisians would tell you. The canal is 5 min away and is full of the parisian youth during summer time and events, actually almost always! The restaurants are quite good and not too expensive. You will also find trendy boutiques along the canal st martin and rue de marseille, rue yves toudic, and rue de lancry...etc Republique is litterally 5 min walking and is brand new since June! You will attend many events on the ""plaza"". The location is one on the best in Paris because you can go anywhere you want from metro station Republique or gare de l'est. In total, the"	"Fleolekf fjfi j kdk j kfki kn kdk kfkck k kofo kn Please note that this room is available to WOMEN ONLY. The room is situated in a big typical parisian Haussmanien building. The bedroom is quite big but most importantly, the bed is huge! 2 m x 2 m big! The living room is also very spacious with brand new media. You can watch french TV in the leather couch. I will be able to advice you on your trip and maybe show you around if I am available. The neighborhood is very ""BOBO"" as Parisians would tell you. The canal is 5 min away and is full of the parisian youth during summer time and events, actually almost always! The restaurants are quite good and not too expensive. You will also find trendy boutiques along the canal st martin and rue de marseille, rue yves toudic, and rue de lancry...etc Republique is litterally 5 min walking and is brand new since June! You will attend many events on the ""plaza"". The location is one on the best in Paris because you can go anywhere you want from metro "
8209	Our apartment is charming. Typical Parisian with parquets, white walls, chimney, and old cement tiles.  3 beds and a sofa reads  Completed to feel there at home for a short or long stay	Apartment  4  rooms 3 bedrooms in Paris 10eme area for 6 persons max It is perfect for all those whose want to enjoy in Paris  Ideally situated between the Saint Martin canal and Republic In 15mn of the center of Paris in subway Our apartment is charming. Typical Parisian with parquets, white walls, chimney, and old cement tiles.  3 beds and a sofa reads  Completed to feel there at home for a short or long stay You have access to the whole apartment.  It is possible to tidy up its bikes in the local bike of the building  WIFI in all the apartment. We won't be present during the coming of the travelers because we will be even on holidays or weekend! Our district is top!  The Canal, the restaurants, the cinemas, the typical places, the small shops!  The apartment is ideally situated between Republic, the Saint-Martin Canal and the Canal of Ourcq  Close to the Villette / Museum of Science and Industry and Big Park of the Buttes Chaumont, Rotunda ... Several markets nearby on Friday, on Sa
8210	The studio (30 m2) has 3 spaces that can be separated by wooden panels. The living area has a sofa-bed (full) that can accommodate 2 people. An  alcove has a twin bed (1 person). There are a washing machine and dryer in the bathroom.  There is a nice balcony with a table and chairs.	My studio is quiet, bright and has a balcony with plenty sunlight in the morning. It is located along the canal Saint-Martin, and a  few min from major spots of interest (museums and grands magasins) by taking the metro at the Place de la République. The studio (30 m2) has 3 spaces that can be separated by wooden panels. The living area has a sofa-bed (full) that can accommodate 2 people. An  alcove has a twin bed (1 person). There are a washing machine and dryer in the bathroom.  There is a nice balcony with a table and chairs. The guests have access to the full studio. I would be more than happy to talk together about your trip and give you information that may be helpful for your stay.  At the apartment, there is a good amount of books and guides about the area, cities  you are welcome to use. The studio is along the canal Saint-Martin. It is a very nice and vibrant area. It has many new restaurants, wine bars, designers shops and art galleries. Place de La Republique is 3 min away 
8211	Nice 1 bedroom apartment located in the center of Paris. I rent out the whole apartment when I'm travelling, but also my couch when I'm there... If you need somewhere well located to spend a few nights, it might work, right?	Nice 1 bedroom apartment located in the center of Paris. I rent out the whole apartment when I'm travelling, but also my couch when I'm there... If you need somewhere well located to spend a few nights, it might work, right? living room, kitchen, bathroom Available all the time through the airbnb app or via e-mail/phone
8212	I sub-rent my lovely parisian flat where I live since 4 years. A sunny, cosy, and welcoming place in my favorite area of Paris (the parisian life one, with yummy restaurants, galleries, wine shops, small cute places, young artists, design bars etc.) Direction : 8 rue Ste Marthe - 10e area. Close to Place de la République, Canal St Martin and Jaurès Train stations : Goncourt, Colonnel Fabien. 2nd floor (it doesn't take even 1 min between main door and my flat). 2 rooms with : kitchen and american bar (equipment : a kettle, oven, fridge, laundry machine) , bathroom (shower, toilets etc.), and bedroom/livingroom (2 tables, chairs, 1 armchair, a very confortable sofa, 1 bed for two persons, etc.). Sheets, towels included. It's like an hotel : you have everything you need for the bathroom, toilets, wash your closes, and dream in a very clean new bed (I just changed it). & you can cook whatever you need, it's well furnished !  I spend many hours cleaning the apartment from A to Z between eve	Cosy, bright, calm, very close by foot to the Canal, Marais, Jaures & République. Well furnished, decorated, I've lived here for 4 years it's a great place to live and chill. People love this confortable nest ! I sub-rent my lovely parisian flat where I live since 4 years. A sunny, cosy, and welcoming place in my favorite area of Paris (the parisian life one, with yummy restaurants, galleries, wine shops, small cute places, young artists, design bars etc.) Direction : 8 rue Ste Marthe - 10e area. Close to Place de la République, Canal St Martin and Jaurès Train stations : Goncourt, Colonnel Fabien. 2nd floor (it doesn't take even 1 min between main door and my flat). 2 rooms with : kitchen and american bar (equipment : a kettle, oven, fridge, laundry machine) , bathroom (shower, toilets etc.), and bedroom/livingroom (2 tables, chairs, 1 armchair, a very confortable sofa, 1 bed for two persons, etc.). Sheets, towels included. It's like an hotel : you have everything you need for the bat
8213	Large main room, very calm, sunny and comfortable, equipped separated kitchen, large bathroom with bathtub  	 Charming sunny and calm studio in the heart of a very nice and trendy neighbourhood. Close to Canal Saint-Martin and République Square where you can find many metro lines to get you everywhere in Paris.        Large main room, very calm, sunny and comfortable, equipped separated kitchen, large bathroom with bathtub  Access to Wi-Fi,  The apartment is located in a street leading to the Canal Saint Martin. Very nice and lively neighborhood, a large number of good restaurants, bars and shops around. Access in 5 minutes walking to Republic Metro (3,8,9,11 lines) and Goncourt (line 11) for getting everywhere in Paris in less than half an hour.
8214	Logé sous les toits, le volume atypique et asymétrique de ce loft élégant  s'impose d'emblée, de grands vélux et les fenêtres de tous les cotés offrent une lumière changeante tout au long de la journée.  Aménagé avec beaucoup de simplicité et de goût.. c'est un appartement idéal pour se poser au calme dans Paris au coeur d'un quartier où se conjuguent  le Paris branché, et à quelques foulées le Paris des théâtres, de l'Opéra, des grands magasins. Il est situé au 6ème et dernier étage, avec ascenseur. Toutes les fenêtres donnent sur des cours; Immeuble avec loge de gardienne,  pourvu d'un digicode. Free Wifi. 	Bel espace de 50 m2 entièrement rénové, fonctionnel, élégant, particulièrement lumineux, chaleureux et si calme au centre de Paris ! Logé sous les toits, le volume atypique et asymétrique de ce loft élégant  s'impose d'emblée, de grands vélux et les fenêtres de tous les cotés offrent une lumière changeante tout au long de la journée.  Aménagé avec beaucoup de simplicité et de goût.. c'est un appartement idéal pour se poser au calme dans Paris au coeur d'un quartier où se conjuguent  le Paris branché, et à quelques foulées le Paris des théâtres, de l'Opéra, des grands magasins. Il est situé au 6ème et dernier étage, avec ascenseur. Toutes les fenêtres donnent sur des cours; Immeuble avec loge de gardienne,  pourvu d'un digicode. Free Wifi. 3 lignes de Métro (Bonne Nouvelle / Strasbourg Saint Denis / Chateau d'eau, 4 lignes de bus, à 10 mn de la gare de l'est 15 mn de la gare du Nord ..) Accueil sur place le jour de l'arrivée  Situé à quelques pas des grands boulevards, la situation de l
8215		Perfect 21sqm studio on Boulevard Bonne Nouvelle, Between the Marais and Montorgueil with excellent metro access to the rest of the city. Fully equipped, this lovely place would be the perfect retreat to enjoy in style the City of Lights!
8216	L'appartement offre une situation exceptionnelle   avec un calme et un confort digne d'une suite d'hotel.	Situé entre place de la Republique et le canal Saint Martin, appartement en excellent etat, tout confort au 6 e etage ascenseur. L'appartement a une superficie de 37 m2 avec belle hauteur sous plafond, confortable, lumineux, quartier dynamique! L'appartement offre une situation exceptionnelle   avec un calme et un confort digne d'une suite d'hotel. Tous les restaurants, Blent, Mems, Mellotron, Prune, La Marine, Marcel, une des meilleures boulangerie de Paris, accès à tus les métros grace à la place de la Republique. Je vous accueuillerai à l'arrivée dans la mesure du possible et de votre heure d 'arrivée. Quartier plein de vie, concerts frequents, maximum de resto et de petits bars Metro republique Jaques Bonsant
8217	On the 2cd floor with a large bedroom ,  luminous living room and small but cute bathroom , you'll find youself at home! It's provided with  very fast fiber optic internet, wifi , cable tv , washing machine and everything you'll need. 	Very lovely , warm and typical 2 rooms parisian appartment with wooden floor. On the 2cd floor with a large bedroom ,  luminous living room and small but cute bathroom , you'll find youself at home! It's provided with  very fast fiber optic internet, wifi , cable tv , washing machine and everything you'll need.  4 metro lines around the flat   that can get you anywhere in Paris.  7-8 min walking from Gare du Nord train station. I won't be far away if you need anything, help or advice .  I will give you my personal local tips on the hippest places to see, go out for food or drinks...the latest ones . It's in a very cool area, full of little food shops , cafés and nice restaurant . The canal is 4 min walk, with all the trendy shops and bars. I will give you my personal local tips on the hippest places to see, go out for food or drinks...the latest ones  if you need! It's 2 min from two metro stations and it's very easy to get anywhere in paris from the appartment .  A lot of Metro lines 
8218	Welcome to our flat! Of course we love it, because we chose it! in the trendy 10e arrondissement it will be perfect for a fantastic stay in Paris! 2 minutes walk from the canal, in a lively and green area, in a very welcoming street, full of life. We can give you some advice if you want, for bars and restaurants in the neibourhood, to live here as a real parisian! With a velib station just in front of the building, you are in 10 minutes in Beaubourg, in la Villette, or in bastille. If you prefer the metro it is very close too (line 4: chateau d'eau and 5 jacques bonsergent, line 7 gare de l' est) there are also many buses passing close to our house. If you like to have pique nique or if you have a little kid, the garden Vlllemin, 2 min walk is perfect!   The flat itself is very nice, it has been remodeled recently, and there is a living room with an open kitchen, 2 rooms and a bathroom. It is very calm and full of light, beeing on the 5th floor (without elevator) The flat is fully equi	A nice flat, quiet and luminous in a very dynamic neighbourhood. American kitchen and 2 bedrooms. Welcome to our flat! Of course we love it, because we chose it! in the trendy 10e arrondissement it will be perfect for a fantastic stay in Paris! 2 minutes walk from the canal, in a lively and green area, in a very welcoming street, full of life. We can give you some advice if you want, for bars and restaurants in the neibourhood, to live here as a real parisian! With a velib station just in front of the building, you are in 10 minutes in Beaubourg, in la Villette, or in bastille. If you prefer the metro it is very close too (line 4: chateau d'eau and 5 jacques bonsergent, line 7 gare de l' est) there are also many buses passing close to our house. If you like to have pique nique or if you have a little kid, the garden Vlllemin, 2 min walk is perfect!   The flat itself is very nice, it has been remodeled recently, and there is a living room with an open kitchen, 2 rooms and a bathroom. It
8219	Very clear with vue, this flat is really calm which is rare in this animated place of Paris. 5 minutes from the MOULIN ROUGE, Pigalle, and Montmartre, you will love this particular place of Paris where you can have a lot of bars and restaurants.	Very calm flat close to MONTMARTRE Très agréable, calme, lumineux, belle vue du salon, ce deux pièces est situé au pied du quartier de Montmartre. 1 lit 2 places + 1 canapé lit. Cuisine avec machine à laver, four, frigo. Salle de bain et WC séparés. Very clear with vue, this flat is really calm which is rare in this animated place of Paris. 5 minutes from the MOULIN ROUGE, Pigalle, and Montmartre, you will love this particular place of Paris where you can have a lot of bars and restaurants. 2 Parking payant à 200 mètres de l'immeuble: - 104 boulevard de la Chapelle - 10-12 rue de la Goutte d'Or I will welcome you when you arrive, we meet before the front door. I'll show you the place or explain anything you'll need while you are in Paris. In the middle of Paris you are at 5 minutes by foot from the MOULIN ROUGE and MONTMARTRE! Très bien desservi: En face du métro Barbès-Rochechouart (ligne 2 et 4). Tout près de la Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Pigalle, Les Halles.
8220	This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples or males sorry.  My room is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch, which means you can be 4. But I'll accept 4 people only if my flat mates are out as well, otherwise it's gonna be too crowded The room is totally private , while kitchen, bathroom and toilet are shared with my (website hidden).  The apartment is 90m2	I leave my room in central Paris for rent when I'm travelling, this is a shared house with 3 other chinese girls. My room is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch. This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples or males sorry.  My room is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch, which means you can be 4. But I'll accept 4 people only if my flat mates are out as well, otherwise it's gonna be too crowded The room is totally private , while kitchen, bathroom and toilet are shared with my (website hidden).  The apartment is 90m2 Room, kitchen , bathroom. you can use the kitchen for breakfast but cooking is not allowed. We had some problems with some of my previous guests , who occupied the kitchen for 24/7 and left it in a mess, disturbed my flat mates a lot. As I will rent my room when I'm travelling, my guests will probably not meet me. If you have any questions you can ask my (website hidden), they are all very nice girls. Republiqu
8221	Appartement au calme, très lumineux, au 3 eme étage avec ascenseur. Internet fibre haut débit, télévision, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, Nespresso.  Grand salon lumineux et ensoleillé en double exposition sur belle cour calme, une chambre spacieuse et sans bruit, 2 toilettes, 1 sdb avec grande douche italienne et une cuisine toute équipée. A deux pas du canal saint martin et des métro Goncourt et République, à proximité immédiate de nombreux bars et restaurants, quartier branché du centre de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied du centre du Marais. Tous commerces proches et métro République donnant accès à de nombreuses lignes de métro, à 3 stations de gare du Nord et 2 stations de gare de l’Est. Marché typiquement Parisien de produit frais tous les dimanches. 	Appartement au calme, 3 eme étage avec ascenseur. Grand salon lumineux, ensoleillé en double exposition sur belle cour calme, une chambre spacieuse,  2 toilettes, 1 sdb avec grande douche italienne et une cuisine toute équipée. Proche Marais. Appartement au calme, très lumineux, au 3 eme étage avec ascenseur. Internet fibre haut débit, télévision, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, Nespresso.  Grand salon lumineux et ensoleillé en double exposition sur belle cour calme, une chambre spacieuse et sans bruit, 2 toilettes, 1 sdb avec grande douche italienne et une cuisine toute équipée. A deux pas du canal saint martin et des métro Goncourt et République, à proximité immédiate de nombreux bars et restaurants, quartier branché du centre de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied du centre du Marais. Tous commerces proches et métro République donnant accès à de nombreuses lignes de métro, à 3 stations de gare du Nord et 2 stations de gare de l’Est. Marché typiquement Parisien de produit frais tous 
8222	Un lieu atypique, situé au fond d'une cour tranquille. Cet ancien atelier avec sa grande verrière s'ouvre sur un espace lumineux comprenant un coin salon, une cuisine ouverte équipée, une table pour vos repas. En espace fermé, une petite chambre avec un lit deux places (140 x 200) et une salle de bain avec vasque, grande douche et toilettes. Accessible par un petit escalier, un espace chambre en mezzanine, ouvert sur le salon avec un lit deux places (140 x 190) - Pas de TV mais un ordinateur portable mis à disposition pendant votre séjour.	Un ancien atelier, totalement rénové et meublé avec goût à quelques mètres du canal St Martin et de la Place de la République. Situé au fond d'une cour, un espace ouvert de 50 m2  très lumineux et au calme pour profiter de vos escapades parisiennes. Un lieu atypique, situé au fond d'une cour tranquille. Cet ancien atelier avec sa grande verrière s'ouvre sur un espace lumineux comprenant un coin salon, une cuisine ouverte équipée, une table pour vos repas. En espace fermé, une petite chambre avec un lit deux places (140 x 200) et une salle de bain avec vasque, grande douche et toilettes. Accessible par un petit escalier, un espace chambre en mezzanine, ouvert sur le salon avec un lit deux places (140 x 190) - Pas de TV mais un ordinateur portable mis à disposition pendant votre séjour. Espace indépendant En plein centre de Paris, ce quartier vivant et plein de charme se situe à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin et de la Place de la République.  A proximité vous trouverez de nombreux commer
8223	Charming studio of 30 square meters with separate sleeping alcove and kitchen facilities in the very dynamic and trendy part of Parisian city center. The bedsit is an office during the day. The premises benefit of facilities as printer and computer.	Located in the heart of Paris and just steps away from Gare de l’Est and Canal Saint Martin, this cute small flat will allow you to discover easily the city by foot, metro and bus. Charming studio of 30 square meters with separate sleeping alcove and kitchen facilities in the very dynamic and trendy part of Parisian city center. The bedsit is an office during the day. The premises benefit of facilities as printer and computer. Check-in and check-out times are flexible. If you have any queries do not hesitate to ask me. I hope to welcome you soon! The studio is located in the heart of the lively Canal Saint Martin district, just in front of Gare de l’Est.  Close proximity to cafés, bars, restaurants and public transportation. Gare de l'Est, just in front of the building: Metro lines 5, 4, 7 Gare du Nord, 800 meters : with access to RER lines B, D, E and Metro lines 5 and 4. It is on the 5th floor (without elevator).
8224	Studio calme  et ensoleillé, dans un immeuble tranquil. Studio récemment innové. Cuisine équipée, un salon avec canapé convertible, une salle de bain.  A 2min d'un supermarché, d'une boulangerie, d'une boucherie, d'une poissonnerie. 	Studio 25m² situé dans une rue calme proche de gare du Nord et gare de l'Est.  Une pièce avec canapé convertible, une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain.  Pratique car proche des métro lignes 7, 2, 5, 4. RER B et D . Studio calme  et ensoleillé, dans un immeuble tranquil. Studio récemment innové. Cuisine équipée, un salon avec canapé convertible, une salle de bain.  A 2min d'un supermarché, d'une boulangerie, d'une boucherie, d'une poissonnerie. A côté du Canal Saint Martin, un quartier bohème, avec des restaus, bistrots et cafés, idéal pour se promenenr.  A 2min d'un supermarché, d'une boulangerie, d'une boucherie, d'une poissonnerie. A 10min de la Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est. A côté du metro ligne 7, à 10min de ligne 2, 4, 5, RER B, D, E. Languages: French, Spanish, English, Greek.
8225	"Vacation rental of a modern apartment situated at the ground floor of a former building. Located in the city center of Paris,  on rue Taylor (a cobblestoned street). In a central, but very quiet district (we can't hear the parisian's cars from inside of the apartment).  Naturally cool in summer, there's an individual heating system. A former hardwood floors. A big window in angle looking into the small courtyard inside of the building (It opens by a door and 4 small aeration windows).  It's the apartment in which we live the rest of the year. Intercom, digicode and a ""gardienne"" reassure the building. The apartment duplex is big and spacious : it's a 125 square meters (m2). An excellent comfort to 3 persons,  can accommodate up to 6 people (see details below) + We can provide you with a baby's cot (just let us know). An old wooden floors throughout the ground floor, a large glass corner overlooking the courtyard inside the building. This window opens a door and four small ventilation w"	"-15% between : 30 oct-2 nov / 5-11 nov / 13-19 nov / 5-8 dec / 20 dec-7 jan Vacation rental of a modern apartment situated at the ground floor of a former building. Located in the city center of Paris,  on rue Taylor (a cobblestoned street). In a central, but very quiet district (we can't hear the parisian's cars from inside of the apartment).  Naturally cool in summer, there's an individual heating system. A former hardwood floors. A big window in angle looking into the small courtyard inside of the building (It opens by a door and 4 small aeration windows).  It's the apartment in which we live the rest of the year. Intercom, digicode and a ""gardienne"" reassure the building. The apartment duplex is big and spacious : it's a 125 square meters (m2). An excellent comfort to 3 persons,  can accommodate up to 6 people (see details below) + We can provide you with a baby's cot (just let us know). An old wooden floors throughout the ground floor, a large glass corner overlooking the courtyar"
8226	NICE 2 ROOMS APARTMENT of 40m2 located on the 5th floor (without elevator) of a beautiful building of the tenth district. It has a nice living room with kitchen, sofa bed, bathroom (toilet, shower, washbasin) and a spacious bedroom with kingsize bed and desk. Facilities: Wifi, flat screen TV, column stereo, turntable, fridge, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, iron ... 2 steps from the Grand Rex, 5 min from République, this apartment offers stunning views of the Sacré Coeur! Lines 8 and 9 at 5 min (Bonne Nouvelle) and line 4-7 min (Strasbourg Saint-Denis).	NICE 2 ROOMS APARTMENT of 40m2 located on the 5th floor (without elevator) of a beautiful building of the tenth district. It has a nice living room with kitchen, sofa bed, bathroom (toilet, shower, washbasin) and a spacious bedroom with kingsize bed and desk. Facilities: Wifi, flat screen TV, column stereo, turntable, fridge, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, iron ... 2 steps from the Grand Rex, 5 min from République, this apartment offers stunning views of the Sacré Coeur! Lines 8 and 9 at 5 min (Bonne Nouvelle) and line 4-7 min (Strasbourg Saint-Denis).
8227	La chambre a vue sur le sacré coeur, il y a un grand balcon filant pour profiter de l'extérieur par beau temps (vue de la Tour Eiffel). La chambre est  indépendante et privée. Les wc et douches sont séparées. Appartement lumineux, calme, sans vis à vis...	La chambre a vue sur le sacré coeur, il y a un grand balcon filant pour profiter de l'extérieur par beau temps (vue de la Tour Eiffel). La chambre est  indépendante et privée. Les wc et douches sont séparées. Appartement lumineux, calme, sans vis à vis... A 5 mn  de la Gare du Nord et 5mn de la Gare de l'Est. Pour ceux qui ont de lourds bagage vous pouvez prendre le bus 26 ou 54 juste à la sortie de la gare en face qui vous déposera au pied de l immeuble arrêt château landon Je suis disponible a tout moment durant le séjour, je suis présent à l'arrivée des voyageurs pour la remise des clés et pour faire la découverte des lieux Quartier paisible  proches de tous les commerçants,  les moyens de transports sont nombreuses et accessibles (ligne, 7, 2, RER B, TGV, trains...) Borne vélib et autolib sont  juste au pied de l'immeuble Gare du nord prendre la sortie Rue du Faubourg du temple se diriger vers rue l'Aqueduc ou rue Lafayette Gare de l'est Prendre la sortie rue du Faubourg Saint Mart
8228	"LOCATION: It is a very central location along the CANAL SAINT MARTIN an amazing and authentic Parisian area. The popular MARAIS is just a 10 min walk away. -Subway Goncourt is just 00 meters walk -5 min walk from Oberkampf. -5 subway stations from Chatelet -1 station from Republique -50 meters from the very trendy canal Saint-Martin -2 min from a ""Vélib' Station"" (Public ""Rent a bike"") -Conveniently accessible by public transportation: 3 very close underground (subway/tube) lines (5, 4 and 2), plus the main station Republique within 10 min walk (lines: 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11). - Within walking distance from train stations: Gare de l'Est (8 min) or Gare du Nord (17 min). And during the warm period it is definitely one of the best places to enjoy lovely sunny afternoons and evenings. All the nice people from the area use to have picnics along the Canal whenever the sun is out, it´s magnificent. It is a very young lively chilled easy going area, you will love it!! (Important note: there is no "	"This perfectly located 40m2 apartment is ready to welcome you for a nice stay un Paris. LOCATION: It is a very central location along the CANAL SAINT MARTIN an amazing and authentic Parisian area. The popular MARAIS is just a 10 min walk away. LOCATION: It is a very central location along the CANAL SAINT MARTIN an amazing and authentic Parisian area. The popular MARAIS is just a 10 min walk away. -Subway Goncourt is just 00 meters walk -5 min walk from Oberkampf. -5 subway stations from Chatelet -1 station from Republique -50 meters from the very trendy canal Saint-Martin -2 min from a ""Vélib' Station"" (Public ""Rent a bike"") -Conveniently accessible by public transportation: 3 very close underground (subway/tube) lines (5, 4 and 2), plus the main station Republique within 10 min walk (lines: 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11). - Within walking distance from train stations: Gare de l'Est (8 min) or Gare du Nord (17 min). And during the warm period it is definitely one of the best places to enjoy lovely"
8229	You enter the building by a large door into the main room, which has a dining table for four, a very good quality sofa bed for one or two guests and a great well thought out kitchen that has everything you need to make a great meal: induction cooker, refrigerator with freezer compartment and a microwave oven.  Next to the kitchen is the most amazing bathroom with mirrored tiles and glass brick walls that has a beautiful full-angled bath. The spiral staircase will take you to the second level, where there is a large bedroom bathed in light with a very confortable double bed (160cm X 2000cm) and plenty of storage space.  There is of course a wifi high speed internet connection included in the price as well as free calls to landlines in many countries around the world and even cellphones in the USA and Canada	This duplex house, designed by an architect, is 44 mq and has been fully renovated in 2013. It is ideally situated near the trendy Canal St. Martin area and the major tourist sites of the capital and within a short walk of the the Marais You enter the building by a large door into the main room, which has a dining table for four, a very good quality sofa bed for one or two guests and a great well thought out kitchen that has everything you need to make a great meal: induction cooker, refrigerator with freezer compartment and a microwave oven.  Next to the kitchen is the most amazing bathroom with mirrored tiles and glass brick walls that has a beautiful full-angled bath. The spiral staircase will take you to the second level, where there is a large bedroom bathed in light with a very confortable double bed (160cm X 2000cm) and plenty of storage space.  There is of course a wifi high speed internet connection included in the price as well as free calls to landlines in many countries aro
8230	It is a 55m² flat in total with 2 bedrooms, one big livingroom-kitchen and one toilet-bathroom. It is very brightly.	    Cosy and bright bedroom, on a very quiet courtyard in appartement very well located in the center of Paris. Appartment fully equipped. 1th floor - Securited building with digicode.             It is a 55m² flat in total with 2 bedrooms, one big livingroom-kitchen and one toilet-bathroom. It is very brightly. In the bedroom, you will have access to two closets, the one wich is open and the closed one on the second picture.  You will get one big and one small towels. You can also use the wireless connexion. There is also Paris guide book in English. You will be sometimes with my roomate Raphaël, engineer in telecom field. He is very very friendly and english speaker. You will have to share the livingroom, the kitchen and the bathroom with him. You will certainly be able to share some foods, up to you to do what you want. Rapha is the best french pasta cooker ever! In the livingroom we have a 45tr vinyle player with almost all kind of albums. You can use almost everythings that you wa
8231	I love my apartment , it is all renovated , I work in arts and culture , I am pleased to let you stay there , it is very comfortable , washing machine, dishwasher, kettle , oven, dry Hair , Wifi, bath, shower , sheets, linens and towels provided . Central, in a lively neighborhood. The apartment is very quiet, perfect for 2 persons. Possibility to sleep an additional person , 35 Euros per night.	2 rooms, quiet courtyard , renovated , comfortable, arty decor , down to a lively and cosmopolitan area , ideally served to discover Paris, cafes, markets , Montmartre, Beaubourg , Notre Dame, the marsh, stroll on the st Martin canal. I love my apartment , it is all renovated , I work in arts and culture , I am pleased to let you stay there , it is very comfortable , washing machine, dishwasher, kettle , oven, dry Hair , Wifi, bath, shower , sheets, linens and towels provided . Central, in a lively neighborhood. The apartment is very quiet, perfect for 2 persons. Possibility to sleep an additional person , 35 Euros per night. Close proximity to Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est , Direct From Montparnasse. 15 minutes from Beaubourg , Saint Michel Notre Dame , the Latin Quarter , Montmartre . 5 minutes walk from Republic. Bike stations 1 min. Close to the Canal Saint Martin . 30 meters  M ° Château d'eau, Line 4 , - 4 min M° Jacques Bonsergent Line 5 - 5 minutes from the Republic stations (lin
8232	Unique 2 bedrooms apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris. Close to Montorgueil, the Marais, and Canal St. Martin. A few meters away from some of the trendiest bars, restaurants, and shopping. Large French double panel windows, great light, very big living room and dining room separated by wooden beams, very high ceilings, with an open bar and kitchen. A well appointed office equipped with a couch that turns into a comfortable bed for two additional people One parental bedroom + One bedroom with a baby bed + extra baby bed if needed Large shower and bathroom Very comfortable, clean, and well decorated. Close to metros, bus, and velib  Some extras: WIFI access, Philips flat screen tv, Bose iphone/ipod dock, fully equipped kitchen with oven/microwave/gas stove top/dishwasher/Nespresso machine/refrigerator. Sheets and towels are furnished. Security deposit and contract are to be taken care of before your arrival. Ask for more details.	Unique 2 bedrooms apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris. Unique 2 bedrooms apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris. Close to Montorgueil, the Marais, and Canal St. Martin. A few meters away from some of the trendiest bars, restaurants, and shopping. Large French double panel windows, great light, very big living room and dining room separated by wooden beams, very high ceilings, with an open bar and kitchen. A well appointed office equipped with a couch that turns into a comfortable bed for two additional people One parental bedroom + One bedroom with a baby bed + extra baby bed if needed Large shower and bathroom Very comfortable, clean, and well decorated. Close to metros, bus, and velib  Some extras: WIFI access, Philips flat screen tv, Bose iphone/ipod dock, fully equipped kitchen with oven/microwave/gas stove top/dishwasher/Nespresso machine/refrigerator. Sheets and towels are furnished. Security deposit and contract are to be taken care of before your arrival. A
8233	This studio appartment of 32m² is nicely arranged: a main room with a big bed, a comfortable sofa with TV area, a full kitchen and the bathroom.  It can welcome 2 people ( Or a for a family with a baby - crib available)	In the heart of quartier du Sentier, from 5 min walk of the nicest pedestrian street Rue Montorgeuil, 15 min of Les Halles and Châtelet or quartier de l'Opéra, this flat will seduce you ! This studio appartment of 32m² is nicely arranged: a main room with a big bed, a comfortable sofa with TV area, a full kitchen and the bathroom.  It can welcome 2 people ( Or a for a family with a baby - crib available) My partner or I will be available during your stay should you have any questions! Located next to the famous theater the Grand Rex, you are close to Les Grands Boulevard or Rue Montorgueil, animated with bars and restaurants. if the weather permits it, you can walk till Opéra, Jardin des Tuileries, Le Louvre or Place de la République and the Marais If you wish, extra services are available for a small fee, including but not limited to:  Crib rental: 50€  Personalized daily itinerary: 100€  Grocery shopping: actual cost plus 20€  Metro passes: actual cost plus 20€  SIM card: actual cost
8234	Right in the heart of paris, in between posh and alternative areas, very cute, compact but perfect appartement, perfect for a couple! 	HEART OF PARIS: 10th arrondissement (bordering the 9th and 2nd) Very cute parisian apartment with three big windows and typical wooden beams.  27m2, 2 rooms, big double bed, view of quiet courtyard, washing machine. --cleaning lady Right in the heart of paris, in between posh and alternative areas, very cute, compact but perfect appartement, perfect for a couple! TV, Washing Machine, Private Toilette, Private Bathroom If possible direct exchangeing of keys, otherwise neighbour or friend will take care of that. 10th and 2nd arrodnissement You are right between those two areas, close to Boulevard de Bonne Nouvelle and Faubourg Saint Denis. Metros 4, 7, 8 and 9 are around, as well as Buses (phone number hidden), n13, n14. Metro Stops: BONNE NOUVELLE, STRASBOURG-SAINT DENIS, CHATEAU D'EAU, POISSONIERE 
8235	"Joli studio lumineux et confortable, situé  au 3eme étage d un immeuble typiquement parisien rue de la Grange aux Belles,  à côté  du canal Saint Martin, et avec l ensemble des commerces au pied de l immeuble , métro à 60 mètres + 2 lignes de bus  Joli studio lumineux et confortable, situé  au 3eme étage d un immeuble typiquement parisien rue de la Grange aux Belles,  à côté  du canal Saint Martin, et avec l ensemble des commerces au pied de l immeuble , métro à 60 mètres + 2 lignes de bus  Appartement fonctionnel refait à neuf en avril 2014 , avec cuisine bien équipée (plaques , combiné four- micro ondes , bouilloire , cafetière  , vrai table pour prendre son petit déjeuner et dîner, et canapé qui se transforme en un grand couchage 160 x 180 très confortable. Vous disposez d une armoire avec penderie pour ranger vos affaires et faire ""comme chez vous"". TV avec une centaine de chaînes + internet haut débit. L ensemble des commerces se trouve au pied de l immeuble    (boulangerie, super"	Joli studio lumineux et confortable, situé  au 3eme étage d un immeuble typiquement parisien rue de la Grange aux Belles,  à côté  du canal Saint Martin, et avec l ensemble des commerces au pied de l immeuble , métro à 60 mètres + 2 lignes de bus  Joli studio lumineux et confortable, situé  au 3eme étage d un immeuble typiquement parisien rue de la Grange aux Belles,  à côté  du canal Saint Martin, et avec l ensemble des commerces au pied de l immeuble , métro à 60 mètres + 2 lignes de bus  Joli studio lumineux et confortable, situé  au 3eme étage d un immeuble typiquement parisien rue de la Grange aux Belles,  à côté  du canal Saint Martin, et avec l ensemble des commerces au pied de l immeuble , métro à 60 mètres + 2 lignes de bus  Appartement fonctionnel refait à neuf en avril 2014 , avec cuisine bien équipée (plaques , combiné four- micro ondes , bouilloire , cafetière  , vrai table pour prendre son petit déjeuner et dîner, et canapé qui se transforme en un grand couchage 160 x 180
8236		3 Chambres deux salle de bain dont une Balneo tout confort cuisine équipée ordinateur wifi dvd Apple TV , a deux pas des grands boulevards a pied , bus en face pour se rendre a la tour eiffel idéal pour découvrir Paris , theatre opéra musée a coté 
8237	Situé au fond d'une cour	Bright flat, living-room, bedroom, bathroom and kitchen. First floor, a nice flowered yard. Double bed. Washing machine. Two minutes from the Canal saint Martin. Near the subway station Colonel Fabien, Gare de l'est et République. 
8238		Loft in a super quiet interior courtyard 5th floor bright and spacious loft in Xeme arrondissement a few streets away from Le Marais, Galeries Lafayette, Gare du Nord and Canal Saint Martin. 1 room with its own bathroom for you ;)
8239	WHAT: This perfectly equipped' nice studio has a bright room with an open design kitchen and a brand new bathroom with wc, sink and bath.. It was completely renovated in April 2011 WHERE: You will find everything you would expect in a hotel: towels, bedsheets, duvet, hairdryer...., a new mattress of 140x200cm, heating for winter, an amazing 'rainshower', a very well equipped kitchen.  Highspeed wireless Internet included, SoundDock for iPod & iPhone with remote control. Near by the Nice place sainthe Marthe is just a 1 min walk away, and the area along the Canal Saint Martin has become very trendy over the past 3-4 years, and my personal opinion as a local is, it´s a much nicer place to stay then the Marais: cooler places and more authenticity, here is the parisian way of life. Let's discover Paris as you are living in. WHY: It is a very young lively chilled easy going area, you will love it!! (note: street noise does not reach inside the appartment). There are all the nice and trendy 	WHAT: This perfectly equipped' nice studio has a bright room with an open design kitchen and a brand new bathroom with wc, sink and bath.. It was completely renovated in April 2011 WHERE: You will find everything you would expect in a hotel: towels, bedsheets, duvet, hairdryer...., a new mattress of 140x200cm, heating for winter, an amazing 'rainshower', a very well equipped kitchen.  Highspeed wireless Internet included, SoundDock for iPod & iPhone with remote control. Near by the Nice place sainthe Marthe is just a 1 min walk away, and the area along the Canal Saint Martin has become very trendy over the past 3-4 years, and my personal opinion as a local is, it´s a much nicer place to stay then the Marais: cooler places and more authenticity, here is the parisian way of life. Let's discover Paris as you are living in. WHY: It is a very young lively chilled easy going area, you will love it!! (note: street noise does not reach inside the appartment). There are all the nice and trendy 
8240	The studio is a 16 square meters room with a small kitchen and a small bathroom. It's oriented towards south so it's very bright. You'll have to climb up to the 4th floor (there is no elevator). The bed is a one person mezanine (two people can possibly fit, but you'll have to squeeze). !! Please note that if there a bathroom with washstand and shower, the toilets are in the corridor. You'll be the only person on the floor to use them though. I am an art student, so would find some unexpected items and sometimes some pieces of my work. I also have a small lovely collection of cacti.	Charming small studio near the trendy area of the Canal Saint Martin. The studio is a close walk from the metro from where you'll easily go to any part of Paris you wish to visit. The studio is a 16 square meters room with a small kitchen and a small bathroom. It's oriented towards south so it's very bright. You'll have to climb up to the 4th floor (there is no elevator). The bed is a one person mezanine (two people can possibly fit, but you'll have to squeeze). !! Please note that if there a bathroom with washstand and shower, the toilets are in the corridor. You'll be the only person on the floor to use them though. I am an art student, so would find some unexpected items and sometimes some pieces of my work. I also have a small lovely collection of cacti. You will of course be invited to use all the equipments of the studio you need to : expresso machine, washing machine, WIFI... I will give a small guide of the neighbouroood with the best (or at least, my favourite) places around, 
8241	Attention:  -logement situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. -l'accès à la zone nuit se fait  par un escalier intérieur (mezzanine). -appartement plutôt déconseillé pour les enfants mineurs. -disponibilité: essentiellement du vendredi au lundi. -draps et serviettes de toilettes sont inclus. -les fumeurs sont autorisés.	"PARIS 10 ème arrondissement *studio sous les toits, au calme sur cour, situé dans la partie animée du faubourg St Denis (café ""Chez Jeannette"" juste en bas). *1/2 personnes Quartiers Montorgueil , canal St Martin à 15 mn à pied Attention:  -logement situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. -l'accès à la zone nuit se fait  par un escalier intérieur (mezzanine). -appartement plutôt déconseillé pour les enfants mineurs. -disponibilité: essentiellement du vendredi au lundi. -draps et serviettes de toilettes sont inclus. -les fumeurs sont autorisés. totalité du studio, 25 m2 environ. après discussion et selon gouts des voyageurs, suggestions d'établissements (restaurants & bars), lieux et musées insolites hors des sentiers battus. Pas de présence physique lors du séjour mais reste accessible 24/24 par téléphone. -très grande animation -nombreux bars et restaurants -commerces ouverts 7/7 -accès à pied facile: *en 1 mn: café ""chez Mauricette"", restaurants ""Julien"", ""Flo"" (mais juste pour le décor)"
8242	The studio is equipped with a kitchen, 1 bed and 1 sofa-bed. It's extremely well located - the near-by metro stations will take you every must-see spot in Paris. 	"Lovely, brand-new studio ideally located just next to canal st. martin - one of the most lively Parisian neighborhoods :)  The studio is equipped with a kitchen, 1 bed and 1 sofa-bed. It's extremely well located - the near-by metro stations will take you every must-see spot in Paris.  The studio is all yours so you will have full access to the kitchen and the bathroom. I'm living 5-minutes away from the studio so except the hours I'm working, I can come by - if you have any questions or need some tips for getting around the neighborhood/city, I would be happy to help! This so-called ""bobo"" neighborhood of Paris gives you a great snapshot of Parisian life. There are many cool bars, cafes, restaurants, shops..everything you look for in a neighborhood! Walking along Canal St. Martin is one of Parisians' favorite activities (especially during Spring/Summer time). There are 4 metro stations close by: 7-minute walk to Republique (line 3, 5, 8, 9, 11), Goncourt (line 11) and Colonel Fabien (l"
8243		Loue chambre dans très bel appartement situé près de la place de la République, quartier canal Saint-Martin. Tout confort, électroménager, salle de bains, douche à l'italienne, cuisine équipée, balcon plein sud.
8244	Situé au 2e étage d'un immeuble parisien sans ascenseur, cet appartement de 33m² est composé d'une chambre avec un lit deux places et d'une pièce à vivre (séjour+cuisine) avec un canapé lit deux places. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (four, frigo, plaque électrique, machine à laver)  La salle de bain se compose d'un lavabo et d'une baignoire.  Les toilettes sont séparés de la salle de bain. 	                    Un charmant 2 pièces au calme idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris. Pour les mois de juillet et d'août, durée mininum de 3 nuits                   Situé au 2e étage d'un immeuble parisien sans ascenseur, cet appartement de 33m² est composé d'une chambre avec un lit deux places et d'une pièce à vivre (séjour+cuisine) avec un canapé lit deux places. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (four, frigo, plaque électrique, machine à laver)  La salle de bain se compose d'un lavabo et d'une baignoire.  Les toilettes sont séparés de la salle de bain. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces et tous les équipement de l'appartement.  Je vous fournis le linge du lit et le linge de toilettes Je serai absente pendant votre séjour, mais je suis disponible par téléphone si vous avez le moindre soucis. Place de la République et Canal Saint Martin à moins de 5 minutes à pied.  Quartier Oberkampf à 10 minutes très animé avec de nombreux bars et restaurants, parfait pour sortir le soir.  De 
8245	Grand deux pièces refait à neuf, décoration moderne et confortable, tous les équipements nécessaires pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris. Le quartier du Canal st Martin est plein de charmes et dynamique vous en tomberez rapidement amoureux ! 	Grand deux pièces refait à neuf, décoration moderne et confortable, tous les équipements nécessaires pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris. Le quartier du Canal st Martin est plein de charmes et dynamique vous en tomberez rapidement amoureux ! Wifi, linge de maison, télévision,... Par mail, téléphone, sur place, check in et check out en personne, réactivité et disponibilité garanties. En semaine check-in et check-out hors des heures de bureau (pour des raisons évidentes de disponibilité) Métro : 2 et 7 (4 min), 5 et 4 (10 min), 8 et 9 (15 min). Parking sécurisé et gratuit. + Vélib et Autolib au pied de l'immeuble. The Apartment: Bright Apartment with lounge, kitchen, bathroom and one bedroom. In the 10th arrondissement (district) of Paris, a very central location near “le Canal St Martin” a very trendy and animated area. Metro (subway) : line 2 and 7 (2 minutes walking) 5,4,8 and 9 (from 10 to 15 min walking) Secure and free private parking included (warn us if you will have a car). W
8246	Ce logement est un deux pièces, parfaitement équipé pour vivre à deux : lit escamotable très confortable, cuisine équipée, nombreux rangements. Il est situé très proches des gares et permet d'avoir quasiment tout à 30 minutes de transports! There is two rooms, fully equipped for two people : very comfortable Murphy bed, kitchen, storage space. It is located very close to the stations!	Confortable, lumineux et très calme, situé au 3eme étage d'un immeuble à Louis Blanc, entre le canal Saint Martin, celui de la Villette et les Gares de l'Est et du Nord. Commerces, métros, bus, RER, cafés, restaurants, cinémas à côté. Refait à neuf. Ce logement est un deux pièces, parfaitement équipé pour vivre à deux : lit escamotable très confortable, cuisine équipée, nombreux rangements. Il est situé très proches des gares et permet d'avoir quasiment tout à 30 minutes de transports! There is two rooms, fully equipped for two people : very comfortable Murphy bed, kitchen, storage space. It is located very close to the stations! Accès à tout l'appartement : cuisine ouverte (deux plaques vitrocéramiques, four, toute équipée) sur salon, chambre avec penderie et rangements, salle de bain avec rangements et sèche serviette. Access to the whole apartment : open kitchen (two hot plates, oven, fully equipped) on living room, bedroom with wardrobe and cupboards, bathroom with storage, dry tow
8247	Tres bien situé et neuf.	Studio de 30m2 en parfait état avec balcon sur jardin. Très confortable et calme, il profite d'une situation très centrale, à 5 minutes du Metro Republique, le long du canal saint martin. Vous trouverez toutes les commodités possibles à proximité. I of course won't be into the flat when guests book it. Metro station : République line 9/8/11/5/3 . Bus (phone number hidden).
8248	2 pièces de 40 mètres carré au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur, refait à neuf et décoré dans un style contemporain dans un style typiquement parisien : 3m de hauteur sous plafond, parquet en l'état, cheminées anciennes et moulures sous plafond. Jouit d'une superbe vue sur le canal Saint Martin ! On ne s'en lasse pas ! Construit comme suit : -  Une entrée avec rangements -  Salle de bains séparée - Cuisine américaine équipée - Grand living room lumineux avec salon et table à manger - Grande chambre cosy séparée Better pictures to come !	Superbe appartement situé au bord du Canal Saint Martin, ce 2 pièces sera le pied à terre parfait pour visiter Paris. Refait à neuf et disposant d'un confort premium, il jouit d'un emplacement idéal pour appréhender la vie d'un quartier parisien. 2 pièces de 40 mètres carré au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur, refait à neuf et décoré dans un style contemporain dans un style typiquement parisien : 3m de hauteur sous plafond, parquet en l'état, cheminées anciennes et moulures sous plafond. Jouit d'une superbe vue sur le canal Saint Martin ! On ne s'en lasse pas ! Construit comme suit : -  Une entrée avec rangements -  Salle de bains séparée - Cuisine américaine équipée - Grand living room lumineux avec salon et table à manger - Grande chambre cosy séparée Better pictures to come ! Selon disponibilités Vivant, branché et cosmopolite, le quartier est parfait pour découvrir Paris en toute quiétude. A deux pas de la place de la République et tout proche du Marais, vous aurez accès aux endroits clé
8249	The apartment is a typical cosy and welcoming Parisian flat. It is located right in the center of the trendy Paris, near Canal St Martin, place de la République and Belleville !  Cafés, chic designer stores, restaurants, and clubs open all night!  In the heart of the buzzing Paris, the flat itself is however really quiet. This is a 3 room flat with all the necessary facilities. In the kitchen you will find a refrigerator, a freezer, cookers, microwave and traditional oven as well as all the useful ustensils (including the Italian coffemaker!).  In the living room, you can use our computer to surf the web (wifi) or simply relax and enjoy the sofa and armchair. If you want to go for a ride, the flat is right next to place de la Republique (metro stations lines 3,5,8,9,11  as well as several bus stops). If you feel like staying in the area, there are plenty of things to do! (website hidden)	The apartment is a typical cosy and welcoming Parisian flat. It is located right in the center of the trendy Paris, near Canal St Martin, place de la République and Belleville !  Cafés, chic designer stores, restaurants, and clubs open all night!  In the heart of the buzzing Paris, the flat itself is however really quiet. This is a 3 room flat with all the necessary facilities. In the kitchen you will find a refrigerator, a freezer, cookers, microwave and traditional oven as well as all the useful ustensils (including the Italian coffemaker!).  In the living room, you can use our computer to surf the web (wifi) or simply relax and enjoy the sofa and armchair. If you want to go for a ride, the flat is right next to place de la Republique (metro stations lines 3,5,8,9,11  as well as several bus stops). If you feel like staying in the area, there are plenty of things to do! (website hidden)
8250	La chambre est idéale pour un couple ou gens souhaitant séjourner en plein coeur de Paris. Elle est dans un appartement de 75 m² situé dans un immeuble en fond de cour. L'immeuble en question est sur deux niveaux, le 1er étage est habité par un couple, et le 2ième étage occupé par moi-même avec mes deux autres colocataires, Eylem et Fanny. L'immeuble est à 5min à pied de République, 5 min du canal Saint-Martin, 15 min à pied de Beaubourg et plein d'autres lieux atypiques. La chambre fait 16m² avec cheminée, parquet au sol, et 2 grandes fenêtres. L'appartement est équipée d'une cuisine ouverte sur l'espace commun (2 frigos, gazinière, four...), 2 autres chambres occupées par mes colocataires, une salle de bain avec baignoire ( machine à laver), un dressing, des toilettes et un espace grenier en sous les toits de la maison. Studio idéal pour un couple ou une personne, situé en plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du Marais. Studio de 20m², avec petite cuisine séparée(équipé, petit four,frigo	Our room is located in a very quiet courtyard. Part of a shared flat, it is arranged like a studio with a double-bed and a working space (desk, sofa, and many books belonging to two art historians). Two very nice roommates are living here too.
8251		"Located in a quiet and charming street called ""La cour des petites écuries"", in the center of Paris. Perfect for a family or friends. 45m² composed of one bedroom, one living-room with a bed for two a big kitchen and another small living-room. "
8252	My home is furnished with the objects and furnitures I have been collecting from my travels all over the world. It is my actual home, not a random Ikea appartment !	I'm the happy owner of a sunny appartment, right by the hip canal Saint-Martin, Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord train/metro stations, surrounded by yummy restaurants and shops. 5th floor, no elevator but a bright place to live in. Welcome at home ! In addition to the masterbed, there is a convertible sofa in the living room that might host some kids or a third guest.
8253		"Very nice and space guest room in a lovely typical Parisian apartment in the center of Paris. Pretty and big living room area, kitchen with all you need (washing machine, oven), wifi, bathroom. A little cat is living here too. Closest subway station ""Chateau d'eau"" Ligne 4 (just 5 minutes of Gare de l'est - 10 min from Gare du Nord) all around a lot of subway line : 9 - 8 - 5 - 7 If you come to my place you will also meet Mumbai my sweety little cat !"
8254	The apartment is very well located, close to the canal Saint Martin and 10 minutes by walk to Republique. There are 5 subway lines close by and many buses that will bring you almost everywhere in Paris. The flat itself is very quiet, with absolutly no noise from the street. The bedroom and living room are both spacious with sunlight in the morning.  There is also a grocery store right in front of the building.	L'appartement est situé au coeur de Paris, dans le 10e arrondissement, à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin, de la Gare de l'Est et de la Gare du Nord, de la Place de la République. Calme et lumineux, l'appartement est équipé de toutes les commodités. The apartment is very well located, close to the canal Saint Martin and 10 minutes by walk to Republique. There are 5 subway lines close by and many buses that will bring you almost everywhere in Paris. The flat itself is very quiet, with absolutly no noise from the street. The bedroom and living room are both spacious with sunlight in the morning.  There is also a grocery store right in front of the building.
8255	De pars sa décoration, l'appartement vous propose une atmosphère cosy et calme avec une vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Situé au cœur de la ville, il sera le point de départ idéal de toutes vos excursions.	Charmant appartement de 40m² au 6e étage offrant une vue dégagée sur les toits de paris. L'atmosphère cosy, l'exposition plein sud et son emplacement idéal sont les points forts de votre futur pied à terre (idéal pour les amoureux) ! De pars sa décoration, l'appartement vous propose une atmosphère cosy et calme avec une vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Situé au cœur de la ville, il sera le point de départ idéal de toutes vos excursions. Nous laissons dans l'appartement un ordinateur Imac connecté à Internet. Nous travaillons tous les deux à 5 minutes de l'appartement. Pour votre accueil, ou le moindre problème, nous saurons nous rendre disponibles. A deux pas de l'appartement se trouve le canal saint martin, la place de la république et Montmartre. Le quartier est notamment célèbre pour ses nombres théâtres. A 100m de l'appartement se trouve le station de métro strasbourg Saint-Denis, a 500m se trouve la station république. Ces deux stations offrent toutes les correspondances pour 
8256	Appartement charmant et spacieux de 55m2 avec poutres, cheminées, parquet, donnant sur une belle cour d'époque. Mobilier épuré, très ensoleillé et très silencieux.	Spacieux appartement en plein cœur du quartier du Fbg St Denis composé d'une grande chambre, un salon, une chambre à manger, une cuisine séparée, une salle de bain avec douche et un wc. Au dernier étage, plein sud, sur très belle cour très calme. Appartement charmant et spacieux de 55m2 avec poutres, cheminées, parquet, donnant sur une belle cour d'époque. Mobilier épuré, très ensoleillé et très silencieux. Quartier très bien desservi par les transports. 1 min du métro Chateau d'Eau (ligne 4), 8 min de la Gare du Nord  et 5 minutes du métro Strasbourg St Denis. Je parle anglais, italien, espagnol, je suis à votre disposition pour tout renseignement concernant l'appartement. Quartier très animé, plein de bars, de restaurants, proche canal St Martin et les musées de Paris (Beaubourg, Picasso etc) Quartier très bien desservi par les transports. 1 min du métro Chateau d'Eau (ligne 4), 8 min de la Gare du Nord  et 5 minutes du métro Strasbourg St Denis.
8257	Charming sunny flat of 75sq meters in the central district of Strasbourg Saint Denis, a few blocks from Le marais, Centre Georges Pompidou, République, Opéra. A great district, surrounded by restaurants, art galleries, theaters and shopping areas.  The flat has 1 rooms + 1 room/living room,  a great balcony with a view over the 17th century gate, Porte Saint Denis.  The metro station Strasbourg Saint Denis is just at the door.  All facilites, wifi, dvd, washing machine, full furnished kitchen. 	Charming sunny flat of 75sq meters in the central district of Strasbourg Saint Denis, a few blocks from Le marais, Centre Georges Pompidou, République, Opéra. A great district, surrounded by restaurants, art galleries, theaters and shopping areas.  The flat has 1 rooms + 1 room/living room,  a great balcony with a view over the 17th century gate, Porte Saint Denis.  The metro station Strasbourg Saint Denis is just at the door.  All facilites, wifi, dvd, washing machine, full furnished kitchen. Metro: Strasbourg Saint Denis
8258	Appartement de 110 m² au cœur de Paris, sur les bords du Canal Saint-Martin et proche de toutes commodités.  7 métros à proximité qui vous permettent d’accéder rapidement à l’ensemble des sites touristiques de Paris.  Situé dans un immeuble typiquement parisien, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur (vue sur Canal et sur cour, pas de vis-à-vis).  Très lumineux (exposé Est-Ouest) et vue sur le Sacré Cœur, la Tour Eiffel (automne-hiver) et la Tour Montparnasse (depuis le balcon).  Refait à neuf avec moulures et parquet d’origine, double vitrage dans toutes les pièces. L’appartement est composé de  - 2 salles de bain (douche et baignoire) - 2 WC (dont 1 WC privatif) - 3 chambres de 13 m² chacune - 1 salon / salle à manger - 1 cuisine équipée - 1 grande entrée Pour les couchages, nous mettons à votre disposition : 2 lits doubles + 2 lits simples superposés + 1 lit d’appoint + 1 berceau. Totalement équipé (frigidaire, micro-onde, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, TV, internet sans fil, hi-fi, machine à l	Appartement de 110 m² au cœur de Paris (10ème), sur les bords du Canal Saint-Martin.  Lumineux, 6ème étage avec vue sur Canal et sans vis-à-vis.  Proche de 7 métros permettant l'accès rapide à toutes les attractions parisiennes. Appartement de 110 m² au cœur de Paris, sur les bords du Canal Saint-Martin et proche de toutes commodités.  7 métros à proximité qui vous permettent d’accéder rapidement à l’ensemble des sites touristiques de Paris.  Situé dans un immeuble typiquement parisien, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur (vue sur Canal et sur cour, pas de vis-à-vis).  Très lumineux (exposé Est-Ouest) et vue sur le Sacré Cœur, la Tour Eiffel (automne-hiver) et la Tour Montparnasse (depuis le balcon).  Refait à neuf avec moulures et parquet d’origine, double vitrage dans toutes les pièces. L’appartement est composé de  - 2 salles de bain (douche et baignoire) - 2 WC (dont 1 WC privatif) - 3 chambres de 13 m² chacune - 1 salon / salle à manger - 1 cuisine équipée - 1 grande entrée Pour les couc
8259		Profitez d'un séjour à Paris au cœur du 10ieme arrondissement. Cet appartement typiquement parisien offre une chambre avec un grand lit (160x200), un double salon avec canapé lit pour 2 pers, cuisine et sdb.Parfaitement situé. Bord de canal St Martin, et Métro Louis Blanc.
8260	- 35 square meters living room - Nice fully equiped kitchen (you'll find everything you need to cook) - 20 square meters room with very confortable bed (calm and peaceful). The bathroom is closed to the room.	Hi there, I'm renting my 75 square meter apartment in the heart of Paris, 50m walk from Gare du Nord. You'll find everything you need to make your trip in Paris remarquable. It is fully equiped. Pierre, my great flatmate lives in the other room. - 35 square meters living room - Nice fully equiped kitchen (you'll find everything you need to cook) - 20 square meters room with very confortable bed (calm and peaceful). The bathroom is closed to the room. - Music instruments - Speakers (yto ou can plug any device to listen to music) - Wi-Fi - Plenty of nice french books The 10th is a great location, vibrant area, very central and close to everything (Montmartre, Chatelet, Canal st Martin, La Vilette, le Marais, République etc.). You can walk to all these areas with ease. Alternatively, you'll find métros, trains, velibs, buses or cabs. For lazy nights or if you want to stay around, you'll find nice restaurants, bars and shops. The apartment is located right near Gare du Nord. If you're comi
8261	Very nice apartment of 34 sqm, very bright and well arranged, perfect for a couple. It is located along the Canal Saint-Martin, charming neighborhood which has many restaurants and bars, and 5 minutes from the Oberkampf district, arguably the most dynamic one of Paris. The center of Paris (Chatelet, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame) is just 15 minutes away. The parc Les Buttes-Chaumont and the popular Belleville district are within 10 minutes walk. The apartment is 5 minutes from the Republic Square (qubway 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) and the Gare de l'Est (subway 4, 5, 7). The apartment has a lounge / dining room, with table, 4 chairs, desks, stools and a hi-fi system with mini jack for MP3 player. The bedroom has a brand new double bed, a wardrobe and a new sofa too. The kitchen is fully equipped with a table, oven / microwave, fridge, a dishwasher and hotplates. To help you make the most of your stay, I provide all the basic necessities: coffee, tea, oil, sugar ..., toilet paper and bed linen.	Very nice apartment of 34 sqm, very bright and well arranged, perfect for a couple. It is located along the Canal Saint-Martin, charming neighborhood which has many restaurants and bars, and 5 minutes from the Oberkampf district, arguably the most dynamic one of Paris. The center of Paris (Chatelet, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame) is just 15 minutes away. The parc Les Buttes-Chaumont and the popular Belleville district are within 10 minutes walk. The apartment is 5 minutes from the Republic Square (qubway 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) and the Gare de l'Est (subway 4, 5, 7). The apartment has a lounge / dining room, with table, 4 chairs, desks, stools and a hi-fi system with mini jack for MP3 player. The bedroom has a brand new double bed, a wardrobe and a new sofa too. The kitchen is fully equipped with a table, oven / microwave, fridge, a dishwasher and hotplates. To help you make the most of your stay, I provide all the basic necessities: coffee, tea, oil, sugar ..., toilet paper and bed linen.
8262		I love my appartement. Located literally 10sec from the nearest metro station. It is 10mn walk from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Very sunny, bright, spacious. A room with a double bed, a living room with a sofa bed. Separate kitchen. I love it. 10 sec from Poissonniere Station on metro line 7. 10mns from Gare du Nord (métro lines 4 5 RER Lines B D E) and Gare de l'Est (metro lines 7-5-4 RER line E). 10mns from Barbès Rochechouart métro station (lines 2-4). 10mns from Bonne Nouvelle metro station (metro line 9-8).
8263	This fully furnished and equipped 80 sq. meters  modern parisian apartment it's the ideal choice for a family with 2 young kids but can accomodate up to 6 people.  It's located in a very quiet residence surrounded by gardens. A rarity in Paris. Located a few steps away from water Canal Saint-Martin with easy access to main central stations to main subway lines and commerces. It's a high ground floor flat, 80 sq. meters + a 10 sq. m balcony. There are 2 separate bedrooms, one with a double bed, the 2nd with 2 children beds and a double sofa bed in the living area. 	This fully furnished and equipped 80 sq. meters  modern parisian apartment it's the ideal choice for a family with 2 young kids but can accomodate up to 6 people.  This fully furnished and equipped 80 sq. meters  modern parisian apartment it's the ideal choice for a family with 2 young kids but can accomodate up to 6 people.  It's located in a very quiet residence surrounded by gardens. A rarity in Paris. Located a few steps away from water Canal Saint-Martin with easy access to main central stations to main subway lines and commerces. It's a high ground floor flat, 80 sq. meters + a 10 sq. m balcony. There are 2 separate bedrooms, one with a double bed, the 2nd with 2 children beds and a double sofa bed in the living area. The fully equipped apartment includes Wi-Fi Internet, TV/cable, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, music player, landline telephone, linen (sheets, towels), ironing board/iron and hair dryer. Last but not least a huge co
8264	"The flat is on the first floor (no lift). It can sleep 3 people. The neighborhood is safe and full of shops, restaurants, and bars. The apartment is  - a few minute walk from Montmatre and the famous church : Le Sacre Coeur  - a few minute walk from the Opera district (Garnier Opera and The Lafayette and Le Printemps department stores) - a few minutes from ""Paris Nord"" and ""Paris Est"" station  This apartment is equipped with a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom with WC, a terrace, unlimited high speed internet, wireless internt, phone, cable TV (with international channels). The living room is sunny, it has 1 double glassed window facing the private terrace. It is furnished with :  a double bed, a sofa trundle bed for 1 people, dining table for 3 people, phone, cable, TV, wardrobe, hard wooden floor. The open kitchen is equipped with all kitchen utensils and oven, electric burner, fridge, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, tiled floor. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, re"	"I am the direct owner of a charming flat in Paris, located ""Rue de Chabrol"" in the 10th arrondissement (Metro : Poissonniere ), in a 19th century building. The flat is on the first floor (no lift). It can sleep 3 people. The neighborhood is safe and full of shops, restaurants, and bars. The apartment is  - a few minute walk from Montmatre and the famous church : Le Sacre Coeur  - a few minute walk from the Opera district (Garnier Opera and The Lafayette and Le Printemps department stores) - a few minutes from ""Paris Nord"" and ""Paris Est"" station  This apartment is equipped with a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom with WC, a terrace, unlimited high speed internet, wireless internt, phone, cable TV (with international channels). The living room is sunny, it has 1 double glassed window facing the private terrace. It is furnished with :  a double bed, a sofa trundle bed for 1 people, dining table for 3 people, phone, cable, TV, wardrobe, hard wooden floor. The open kitchen is equipped wit"
8265	"The bedroom has a double bed and a convertible couch. The apartment is located in a very trendy area of Paris  only 100 m far from ""Canal St Martin"" with lots of cafes and restaurants. The metro station is ""Republique""."	"Lovely 2 room apartment with one bedroom, open kitchen and living room, bathroom (bathtub) located in the center of Paris next to the famous square ""Republique"". The bedroom has a double bed and a convertible couch. The apartment is located in a very trendy area of Paris  only 100 m far from ""Canal St Martin"" with lots of cafes and restaurants. The metro station is ""Republique""."
8266	I am renting entire studio, small, but very functional in the centre of Paris. It is 22 m2.  It consist one room, with sofa bed and mezzanine, kitchen with all the elements, bathroom with washing machine and balcony.  Studio is situated in the most amazing location in Paris. In the 10th arrondissement. It is on the 3Rd floor of the beautiful building which used to be a hotel once. So it's full of charm and history.  It's perfect for tourist since all the hot spots of Paris are basically 15 mins from, wherever you want to go to.  	I am renting entire studio, small, but very functional in the centre of Paris. It is 22 m2.  It consist one room, with sofa bed and mezzanine, kitchen with all the elements, bathroom with washing machine and balcony.  Studio is situated in the most amazing location in Paris. In the 10th arrondissement. It is on the 3Rd floor of the beautiful building which used to be a hotel once. So it's full of charm and history.  It's perfect for tourist since all the hot spots of Paris are basically 15 mins from, wherever you want to go to.  It's perfect for tourist since all the hot spots of Paris are basically 15 mins from you, wherever you want to go to.  Yes, it's amazingly connected with 4 metro lines all 5 mins away.
8267	Hey world, I'm Romain, a 30 years old freelance designer. This flat is my beloved home so I can assure you'll be living the genuine paris experience. The apartment is big, old and charming, full of light, quiet but very central. I don't see any flaw really :) Here is a quick tour : -- A double living room (35m2) with couches, sound system, working/dining table, and even a working fireplace and a projection screen (that's a pretty hot combo).  -- Small but functional kitchen : 2 induction hot plates, fridge, microwave, oven, and washing machine (for clothes)  -- A green Lynch-like corridor  -- A nice bathroom (yeah BATH) with an opening window (to watch the sky FROM the bathtub)  -- 2 cosy bedrooms -- Wifi internet access  -- And not any pet or plant to take care of ! Canal St Martin is a 3 min walk, Le Marais 10 min, Centre Pompidou 15 min. You can go almost anywhere walking, riding a rental bike, or with subway (every lines are just there) A lot of bars, restaurants, shops, and everyt	Hey world, I'm Romain, a 30 years old freelance designer. This flat is my beloved home so I can assure you'll be living the genuine paris experience. The apartment is big, old and charming, full of light, quiet but very central. I don't see any flaw really :) Here is a quick tour : -- A double living room (35m2) with couches, sound system, working/dining table, and even a working fireplace and a projection screen (that's a pretty hot combo).  -- Small but functional kitchen : 2 induction hot plates, fridge, microwave, oven, and washing machine (for clothes)  -- A green Lynch-like corridor  -- A nice bathroom (yeah BATH) with an opening window (to watch the sky FROM the bathtub)  -- 2 cosy bedrooms -- Wifi internet access  -- And not any pet or plant to take care of ! Canal St Martin is a 3 min walk, Le Marais 10 min, Centre Pompidou 15 min. You can go almost anywhere walking, riding a rental bike, or with subway (every lines are just there) A lot of bars, restaurants, shops, and everyt
8268	L'appartement est très lumineux : c'est un plaisir d'y prendre le petit déjeuner avec les fenêtres ouvertes et le soleil du matin (si vous avez de la chance avec la météo!) L'immeuble est très bien sécurisé : deux portes avec des code, et l'appartement est situé en étages. Le quartier est populaire, vivant et chaleureux et toutes les commodités sont à deux pas (métro & bus, grandes surfaces & petites boutiques, bureau de tabac, poste, parcs...).  Je serais ravie de partager avec vous mes bons plans et bonnes adresses !	28m2 studio, sunny, decorated with love. Perfect for a stay in Paris - to discover the famous Canal St Martin, have a walk in la Villette, go out in the trendiest areas (Pigalle and the 10th arrondissement). Good traffic connection, nice stores ! L'appartement est très lumineux : c'est un plaisir d'y prendre le petit déjeuner avec les fenêtres ouvertes et le soleil du matin (si vous avez de la chance avec la météo!) L'immeuble est très bien sécurisé : deux portes avec des code, et l'appartement est situé en étages. Le quartier est populaire, vivant et chaleureux et toutes les commodités sont à deux pas (métro & bus, grandes surfaces & petites boutiques, bureau de tabac, poste, parcs...).  Je serais ravie de partager avec vous mes bons plans et bonnes adresses ! Accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement. Seul le dressing doit rester mon jardin secret ! Je m'arrange toujours pour être joignable lors de votre séjour, ou pour vous laisser un contact à joindre en cas de problème. A proximité: 
8269	Heart of Paris : Charming all furnished 2BR apartment 65m2, up to 6 persons, clear and quiet. Located at 2nd and top floor, in a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. Comtemporary apartment with nice furniture. On main floor : Living room (with a very comfortable double Sofa Bed), a fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom with toilets. On upper floor : 2 independant bedrooms, each one with a double bed. 	Heart of Paris : Charming all furnished 2BR apartment 65m2, up to 6 persons, clear and quiet. Located at 2nd and top floor, in a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. Comtemporary apartment with nice furniture. Heart of Paris : Charming all furnished 2BR apartment 65m2, up to 6 persons, clear and quiet. Located at 2nd and top floor, in a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. Comtemporary apartment with nice furniture. On main floor : Living room (with a very comfortable double Sofa Bed), a fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom with toilets. On upper floor : 2 independant bedrooms, each one with a double bed. 2min walking distance to Metro Gare de l'Est, 10min to Metro Gare du Nord, 15min to Montorgueil/Chatelet/Marais. Many quality groceries, shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhood. Historical area of Paris, bohemian and lively. Between Canal Saint-Martin and Grand Boulevards area. In the very center of Paris Metro / Bus Gare de l'Est within 2min walking di
8270	Heart of Paris : Charming all furnished 2BR apartment 55m2, up to 6 persons, clear and quiet. Located at 2nd and top floor, in a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. Comtemporary apartment with nice furniture. On main floor : Living room (with a very comfortable double Sofa Bed), a fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom with toilets. On upper floor : 2 independant bedrooms, each one with a double bed. 2min walking distance to Metro Gare de l'Est, 10min to Metro Gare du Nord, 15min to Montorgueil/Chatelet/Marais. Many quality groceries, shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhood. Historical area of Paris, bohemian and lively. Between Canal Saint-Martin and Grand Boulevards area.	Heart of Paris : Charming all furnished 2BR apartment 60m2, up to 6 persons, clear and quiet. Located at 2nd and top floor, in a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. Comtemporary apartment with nice furniture.
8271		A beautiful 30m2 apartment located in the center of Paris, 2 minutes from the subway. From here you can go anywhere in Paris in 30 minutes. It is next to a local market opened 6 days a week, and there are a lot of pubs, cafés and restaurants around.
8272	Grande chambre de 18 m2 spacieuse et agréable.	L'appartement est situé dans un charmant quartier en plein cœur de Paris. Tout proche du canal St Martin et de la place de la République. De nombreux bars, restaurants et boutiques tendance. A proximité de Six lignes de métro et une station de vélo. Grande chambre de 18 m2 spacieuse et agréable. salon, salle de bain, cuisine, wc séparés Je reste à votre disposition tout au long du séjour. Quartier en plein centre de Paris, de nombreux bars, restaurants et boutiques tendance. Proche du canal St Martin, de parc et  de la Place de la République. Jacques bonsergent 5, Republique ligne 3,8,9,11 , station vélib
8273	"Deux pièces de 43m2, calme sur cours, proche du Canal Saint Martin. Cuisine séparée (plaque chauffante, four à micro onde, cafetière...). Machine à laver et baignoire dans la SdB. Télévision et WI Fi dans le salon. Métro Louis Blanc, gares du Nord et de l'Est. Supermarchés (Franprix, Bio) et boulangeries au pied de l'immeuble.Nous allons au cinéma situé à 200 mètres de l'appartement. Nous adorons nous balader dans notre quartier, boire un petit café le matin au ""Valmy"" et pique-niquer sur les quais dés que le soleil pointe le bout de son nez. Vous pourrez aussi profiter de notre bibliothèque remplie de disques, de DVD et de livres! Petite cerise sur le gâteau, vous aurez peut-être la chance de croiser sur le palier deux invités très spéciaux alias Catherine Ringer ainsi que le batteur de Louise Attaque."	"Deux pièces de 43m2, calme sur cours.  Proche du Canal Saint Martin, République, Buttes Chaumont, la Vilette.  Boulangerie et magasin Picard au pied de l'immeuble.  Proche métro: Louis Blanc, Jaures et Colonel Fabien Deux pièces de 43m2, calme sur cours, proche du Canal Saint Martin. Cuisine séparée (plaque chauffante, four à micro onde, cafetière...). Machine à laver et baignoire dans la SdB. Télévision et WI Fi dans le salon. Métro Louis Blanc, gares du Nord et de l'Est. Supermarchés (Franprix, Bio) et boulangeries au pied de l'immeuble.Nous allons au cinéma situé à 200 mètres de l'appartement. Nous adorons nous balader dans notre quartier, boire un petit café le matin au ""Valmy"" et pique-niquer sur les quais dés que le soleil pointe le bout de son nez. Vous pourrez aussi profiter de notre bibliothèque remplie de disques, de DVD et de livres! Petite cerise sur le gâteau, vous aurez peut-être la chance de croiser sur le palier deux invités très spéciaux alias Catherine Ringer ainsi qu"
8274	Luminous and quiet apartment (35m2) for 2 persons, in a charming building, with 2 courtyards, security codes and caretaker.  Located in a very central part of Paris : 15mn walking from Opéra, République, Châtelet et Gare du Nord. Public transport: (email hidden) walking with 3 metrolines N° 4, 8,9  or bus and taxis on the boulevard. 3 metro stations from Gare du Nord (Thalys & Eurostar) 35 Minutes from Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle AIRPORTS. Lots of restaurant and bars in the street (rue du faubourg saint denis, cour des petites écuries, passage brady, grands boulevards) for all budgets. Surrounded by famous Theathers,  New Morning, Grand Rex, Max Linder, Olympia, ... All commodities nearby (bakery, supermarkets, vegetables shops, etc). At your disposal :  - 1 living-room with desk (wifi), 20m2 sofa and low table, dining table (until 6 persons).  - Luminous & bedroom, bed comfortable160x200cm, dressing - Renovated bathroom (in June 2013): small bathtub, washbasin and chemical WC.  	Luminous and quiet apartment (35m2) for 2 persons, in a charming building, with 2 courtyards, security codes and caretaker.  Located in a very central part of Paris : 15mn walking from Opéra, République, Châtelet et Gare du Nord. Public transport: (email hidden) walking with 3 metrolines N° 4, 8,9  or bus and taxis on the boulevard. 3 metro stations from Gare du Nord (Thalys & Eurostar) 35 Minutes from Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle AIRPORTS. Lots of restaurant and bars in the street (rue du faubourg saint denis, cour des petites écuries, passage brady, grands boulevards) for all budgets. Surrounded by famous Theathers,  New Morning, Grand Rex, Max Linder, Olympia, ... All commodities nearby (bakery, supermarkets, vegetables shops, etc). At your disposal :  - 1 living-room with desk (wifi), 20m2 sofa and low table, dining table (until 6 persons).  - Luminous & bedroom, bed comfortable160x200cm, dressing - Renovated bathroom (in June 2013): small bathtub, washbasin and chemical WC.  
8275	Très propre et de 24m², il peut accueillir deux personnes. Le lit est très grand et confortable, l'appartement très bien équipée (kitchenette, micro-onde/four, lave-linge,...).  Il est situé au 4e étage sans ascenseur et comporte de nombreuses fenêtres.	Bonjour! Tout près du canal Saint-Martin,entre la place de la République et le parc de la Villette, je vous propose ce studio très cosy, dans une résidence très calme et proche de nombreux commerces.  Très propre et de 24m², il peut accueillir deux personnes. Le lit est très grand et confortable, l'appartement très bien équipée (kitchenette, micro-onde/four, lave-linge,...).  Il est situé au 4e étage sans ascenseur et comporte de nombreuses fenêtres. Les draps et serviettes seront fournis; de même qu'un accès Wifi. Je me tiendrai disponible pour toute éventuelle question sur le logement, les lieux à visiter aux alentours, ou autres ;) Le fabuleux parc des Buttes Chaumont est tout proche. Si vous le connaissez déjà, une petite ballade au bord du canal Saint-Martin jusqu'au parc de la Villette peut être toute aussi appréciable. Le quartier est très vivant, et beaucoup de commerces gravitent autour de Jaurès.  Ce studio est situé près des lignes 2, 4 et 7. Il est  à égale distance entre L
8276	APPARTMENT DESCRIPTION & LOCATION: Luxury and refined appartment with wonderfull view located only 200m from canal St martin and 100m from Gare de l'Est. The apartment is on the 3rd  floor of a building without elevator. The space is very sunny: 7 windows for 65 sqm (3 windows in the bedroom!) and offering a stunning view on the Saint Laurent Church, his little square and also on the elegant Gare de l'Est.The appartment has freshly been renovated and all the furniture is from famous french designer of the 50's, so you spend time  in an particular, privileged and arty atmosphear. Huge parental bedroom of 23 sqm  with a king size bed (180/200) composed with a luxury mattress  from a high quality and handmade english brand (Millebrook).Pillows and duvet are in goose down. This bed equipment really worth the one you find in Palace hotel. When you get in that bed...you are like in a cloud..! A  closet to tidy your personal effect and a  table with  chairs. - A small bedroom is available clo	APPARTMENT DESCRIPTION & LOCATION: Luxury and refined appartment with wonderfull view located only 200m from canal St martin and 100m from Gare de l'Est. The apartment is on the 3rd  floor of a building without elevator. The space is very sunny: 7 windows for 65 sqm (3 windows in the bedroom!) and offering a stunning view on the Saint Laurent Church, his little square and also on the elegant Gare de l'Est.The appartment has freshly been renovated and all the furniture is from famous french designer of the 50's, so you spend time  in an particular, privileged and arty atmosphear. Huge parental bedroom of 23 sqm  with a king size bed (180/200) composed with a luxury mattress  from a high quality and handmade english brand (Millebrook).Pillows and duvet are in goose down. This bed equipment really worth the one you find in Palace hotel. When you get in that bed...you are like in a cloud..! A  closet to tidy your personal effect and a  table with  chairs. - A small bedroom is available clo
8277	"Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay this tiny 1BD, recently renovated and fully furnished in a way that makes it comfortable and lovely. It's located at the heart of the trendy and lively 10th arrondissement of Paris in a very quiet street. ON one side of the street,  the charming and trendy canal Saint Martin, and it's numerous restaurants, bars, shops etc. ON the other side of the street, the popular rue du Faubourg Saint martin with delicious bakeries, cheese stores, fruits, vegetable...  Once in the street, you'll fell ""real local life""... once inside, you'll be in a peaceful courtyard. The apartment starts with a small dining room with open kitchen. The room leads to another one that will be both your living room and bedroom: on a mezzanine, a double bed. In the room, under the mezzanine, a sofa bed that unfolds into a double bed.  The bathroom with a shower, is accessible via the dining room. Cable TV WIFI access.  1st floor withou"	"Planning a trip to Paris? Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and  in the trendy 10th, in Canal Saint Martin and stay this cute 1BD, recently renovated and fully furnished in a way that makes it comfortable and lovely. Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay this tiny 1BD, recently renovated and fully furnished in a way that makes it comfortable and lovely. It's located at the heart of the trendy and lively 10th arrondissement of Paris in a very quiet street. ON one side of the street,  the charming and trendy canal Saint Martin, and it's numerous restaurants, bars, shops etc. ON the other side of the street, the popular rue du Faubourg Saint martin with delicious bakeries, cheese stores, fruits, vegetable...  Once in the street, you'll fell ""real local life""... once inside, you'll be in a peaceful courtyard. The apartment starts with a small dining room with open kitchen. The room leads to another one that will be both your liv"
8278	The house has recently been renovated. It stands as an Industrial Loft in the middle of the 10th district. Amazing mixed of Steel, Wood and Stones. Very quiet, confortable with a lovely  Fireplace close to the dining room. The loft happened to be used for video shootings and clips. Triplex House ideal for a family. american kitchen (Fully furnished with Micro Wave, Owen, Freezer, Nespresso, Café Machine, ...). There are 2 rooms with 2 queen size beds+ 2 private bathroom + 2 toilet + laundry room (washer / dryer). The loft is perfectly suited for 4/5 persons;  5th person (Kid/teenager) on a sofa situated in the office (see photo). There are  2 large Full HD TV Screen + High Speed Internet (100mo) + complete audio system (Sonos). The loft is situated on Canal Saint Martin (close to Place de la République), in a private and protected area with lots of amazing and lovely lofts. This place looks very industrial and modern. The neighborhood is super friendly with lots of trendy restaurants a	The house has recently been renovated. It stands as an Industrial Loft in the middle of the trendy 10th district. Amazing space with a mix of Steel, Wood and Stones. Very quiet, comfortable with a lovely  Fireplace close to the dining room. The house has recently been renovated. It stands as an Industrial Loft in the middle of the 10th district. Amazing mixed of Steel, Wood and Stones. Very quiet, confortable with a lovely  Fireplace close to the dining room. The loft happened to be used for video shootings and clips. Triplex House ideal for a family. american kitchen (Fully furnished with Micro Wave, Owen, Freezer, Nespresso, Café Machine, ...). There are 2 rooms with 2 queen size beds+ 2 private bathroom + 2 toilet + laundry room (washer / dryer). The loft is perfectly suited for 4/5 persons;  5th person (Kid/teenager) on a sofa situated in the office (see photo). There are  2 large Full HD TV Screen + High Speed Internet (100mo) + complete audio system (Sonos). The loft is situated 
8279	Central, Cosy & Spacious apartment under the roofs with view! The apartement is very sunny, and nicely furnished. It is very central : located on Boulevard de Magenta, near Republique, Gare de L'est and not far from Le Marais (Closest Metro station : Jacques Bonsergent (Line 5), which is approx. 100 meters / 330 feets away). There is also a ‘Velib’ station (short bike rental) near metro station very cool to visit the city when the weather is sunny.  + Detailed description : 70 sqm/m2 apartment with 2 Double Bedroom (1 with a large bed and one with a double sofa-bed), 1 large living room with a huge couch (where one person can sleep) and a 6/10 dining table. This apartment accommodates up to 4 people. There are also a separate, practical and well furnished kitchen (real oven, big fridge, freezer, dishwasher, etc.), and a spacious bathroom with 2 sinks and a bathtub. Toilets are independent. The building is a very nice Haussmann-Style with an Elevator (our apartment is in the 7th and las	Central, Cosy & Spacious apartment under the roofs with view! The apartement is very sunny, and nicely furnished. It is very central : located on Boulevard de Magenta, near Republique, Gare de L'est and not far from Le Marais (Closest Metro station : Jacques Bonsergent (Line 5), which is approx. 100 meters / 330 feets away). There is also a ‘Velib’ station (short bike rental) near metro station very cool to visit the city when the weather is sunny.  + Detailed description : 70 sqm/m2 apartment with 2 Double Bedroom (1 with a large bed and one with a double sofa-bed), 1 large living room with a huge couch (where one person can sleep) and a 6/10 dining table. This apartment accommodates up to 4 people. There are also a separate, practical and well furnished kitchen (real oven, big fridge, freezer, dishwasher, etc.), and a spacious bathroom with 2 sinks and a bathtub. Toilets are independent. The building is a very nice Haussmann-Style with an Elevator (our apartment is in the 7th and las
8280	This flat is so cute ;) The first thing I loved was the opened view on the Paris roof with the sun lighting the flat all the afternoon. We feel like in a cocoon here, I made my best to make everything handy and beautiful. It's only 30m2 but organized in L: you enter by a corridor where you have the bathroom (Italian shower & toilets), in the corner you're in the kitchen full equipped (oven, vitro ceramic, micro wave, washing machine, nespresso machine…) and then you get in the main room with a kingsized bed, a living room area with a design  armchair Pierre Paulin, cabled TV, you should have everything you need.	I totally fell in love with this flat, in an Hausmannian Building, right above the beautiful passage Brady in the center of Paris. Decorated in a design way, with parquet floor and wood beams, nice view on Paris rooftops, this flat is bright and cosy This flat is so cute ;) The first thing I loved was the opened view on the Paris roof with the sun lighting the flat all the afternoon. We feel like in a cocoon here, I made my best to make everything handy and beautiful. It's only 30m2 but organized in L: you enter by a corridor where you have the bathroom (Italian shower & toilets), in the corner you're in the kitchen full equipped (oven, vitro ceramic, micro wave, washing machine, nespresso machine…) and then you get in the main room with a kingsized bed, a living room area with a design  armchair Pierre Paulin, cabled TV, you should have everything you need. You have access to everything! I can help you, advice, to make your stay the best souvenir. I'm in love with Paris and it will be
8281	Appartement calme et très lumineux, vue dégagée, grand balcon avec possibilité d'y manger à 4 personnes (vue sur le Sacré Coeur). Chambre enfant, grand salon avec canapé-lit 2 personnes et une chambre à l'étage.	Charmant appartement traversant de 3 pièces (72 m2) avec grand balcon, 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) entre République et canal saint martin (angle Yves Toudic / Marseille), proche tous commerces, salle de concert et voies piétonnes sur le canal. Appartement calme et très lumineux, vue dégagée, grand balcon avec possibilité d'y manger à 4 personnes (vue sur le Sacré Coeur). Chambre enfant, grand salon avec canapé-lit 2 personnes et une chambre à l'étage. Possibilité de place de parking dans le hall de l'immeuble. Wi-fi et équipement home vidéo cinéma. Piano. Chaine-hifi. SDB et cuisine toutes équipées (lave et sèche linge, sèche-cheveux, grande baignoire /lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes, machine à café, four, toaster...) Quartier très commerçant et animé par ses nombreux restaurants sympas (bon thai, resto tapas sympa, mexicain et des bons gastros !!  Egalement une des meilleures boulangeries de Paris en face de notre immeuble ! Très peu de circulation en raison de nombreux sens interdits. A 
8282	If you like big space with nice decoration and nice people that will help you to discover Paris, welcome to our home!  I'm offering my room of 20m2 to rent in my 135m2 full options pretty flat. This flat has been renovated 1year ago. I live with Henry, Etienne,  Emilie, and Mimichat the cat. They all will be very happy to welcome you and to be usefull.  WARNING for the weekend, we usually have some friends around, having a drink or before leaving for party.     The room is located on the street side so you can hear the cars and people in the street. We can provide for some earplugs :D	HUGE room to rent in a nice flat with students, in the 11th If you like big space with nice decoration and nice people that will help you to discover Paris, welcome to our home!  I'm offering my room of 20m2 to rent in my 135m2 full options pretty flat. This flat has been renovated 1year ago. I live with Henry, Etienne,  Emilie, and Mimichat the cat. They all will be very happy to welcome you and to be usefull.  WARNING for the weekend, we usually have some friends around, having a drink or before leaving for party.     The room is located on the street side so you can hear the cars and people in the street. We can provide for some earplugs :D Everything! If i'm there, i will be available as much as you need me. If i'm away, my flatmates are there to welcome you and answer to all your wishes and questions The 11th district is a young area full of life, with the restaurants of rue Saint Maur, the bars of Oberkampf area, the Fleamarkets of the boulevard Richard Lenoir, the proximity with
8283	Deux pièces de 40m2 + 3m2 de balcon, rénové par architecte, dégagé et lumineux, au 6e étage par ascenseur, avec vue dégagée (jusqu'à la défense par beau temps)	Deux pièces de 40m2 + 3m2 de balcon, rénové par architecte, dégagé et lumineux, au 6e étage par ascenseur, avec vue dégagée (jusqu'à la défense par beau temps) Tous équipements et tout le logement est disponible : machine à laver, réfrigérateur, toaster, etc. y compris l'ordinateur fixe (mais à l'exclusion du placard de l'entrée). Conseils pratiques selon leur bon vouloir ! A cinq minutes du Canal Saint-Martin, du parc des Buttes Chaumont et du Canal de l'Ourcq. Bars et restaurants bon marché à proximité (Saint-Maur, Ménilmontant, Belleville, Ourcq). Métro 2 à Colonel Fabien, métro 11 à Goncourt, métro 5 à Jaurès ; souvent des places pour se garer à proximité. Depuis Roissy - Charles de Gaulle ou Orly: RER B jusqu'à Gare du Nord puis métro 2 direction Nation, descendre à Colonel Fabien
8284	Je loue mon studio parisien situé sur les bords du Canal St Martin.  Le quartier est vivant, authentique et romantique. En plein cœur de Paris.  Je vous laisse profiter de mon appartement calme et lumineux.  N'hésitez surtout pas à venir vers moi ! Thomas 	Studio agréable, lumineux et propre qui se situe au bord du Canal Saint Martin.  Je vous propose mon appartement en location pour vos séjours à la découverte de Paris.  N’hésitez pas à me contacter par téléphone pour plus d'informations.  Thomas Je loue mon studio parisien situé sur les bords du Canal St Martin.  Le quartier est vivant, authentique et romantique. En plein cœur de Paris.  Je vous laisse profiter de mon appartement calme et lumineux.  N'hésitez surtout pas à venir vers moi ! Thomas  Le Canal St Martin c'est le cœur de Paris.  Quartier animé le soir et le weekend, il est à proximité du Parc de la Villette. 
8285	Appartement de 18m2 baigné de soleil, tout équipé, propre et à la décoration soignée.  Une porte fenêtres ouvre sur une terrasse de 10m² et sans vis-à-vis. L'appartement se situe en arrière cour donc très calme. Idéalement situé à 10 minutes à pied de la place de la République et à deux pas du Canal-Saint-Martin.  Equipement :  salle de bain séparée et une kitchenette équipée (vaisselles, four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur), canapé-lit de 1,60m de grande qualité, coin repas, terrasse orienté sud. Draps et serviettes fournis / Wifi 	Studio de 18m2 extrêmement bien situé dans le quartier cosmopolite de Belleville à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin et de République très bien desservi en métro et en bus.  Peut loger 2 personnes, WIFI, TV, congélateur Appartement de 18m2 baigné de soleil, tout équipé, propre et à la décoration soignée.  Une porte fenêtres ouvre sur une terrasse de 10m² et sans vis-à-vis. L'appartement se situe en arrière cour donc très calme. Idéalement situé à 10 minutes à pied de la place de la République et à deux pas du Canal-Saint-Martin.  Equipement :  salle de bain séparée et une kitchenette équipée (vaisselles, four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur), canapé-lit de 1,60m de grande qualité, coin repas, terrasse orienté sud. Draps et serviettes fournis / Wifi Le quartier est très cosmopolite et plein de vie. Vous trouverez à moins de 300m de l'appart des bazars où on trouve de tout, des bars populaires et abordables, des supermarchés, de magnifiques parcs (Buttes Chaumont à moins de 10 minutes à pied et 
8286	Charming and authentic studio with wood floor, two big windows giving you the perfect light on a sunny day. Dayshades to keep you in a cosy atmosphere if you want. Next to 3 metro station which will guide you to the best monuments of Paris without any trouble. Very nice and trendy bars, restaurants and coffeshops near the place.	Charming and authentic studio with wood floor, two big windows giving you the perfect light on a sunny day. Dayshades to keep you in a cosy atmosphere if you want. Next to 3 metro station which will guide you to the best monuments of Paris without any trouble. Very nice and trendy bars, restaurants and coffeshops near the place.
8287	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Canal St Martin neighborhood with this newly refurbished 2 rooms apartment. You will feel like a real Parisian enjoying the “lively and so parisian canal St Martin” atmosphere offering all the feelings you are expecting to get (excellent bakeries, bistrots, small food shops, arty and design shops…).  On the 5th floor (without elevator) overlooking a quiet inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in all the rooms. 3’ away you will have the metro lines 5 connecting you to center in 15’ and giving you access to all the major attractions in less than 20/25’. Last but not least, the flat is very close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est railway station and RER B stops which will ease your travel times to/from the stations and airports. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will enjoy the large main room (25sqm) offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to help you cook your homemade french meals. Al	Lovely nest in the heart of the Canal St Martin neighborhood. The flat is offering all needed to feel cozy and at home. Public transports are very close, all food shops are less than 5minutes away. In few words great place to stay! Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Canal St Martin neighborhood with this newly refurbished 2 rooms apartment. You will feel like a real Parisian enjoying the “lively and so parisian canal St Martin” atmosphere offering all the feelings you are expecting to get (excellent bakeries, bistrots, small food shops, arty and design shops…).  On the 5th floor (without elevator) overlooking a quiet inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in all the rooms. 3’ away you will have the metro lines 5 connecting you to center in 15’ and giving you access to all the major attractions in less than 20/25’. Last but not least, the flat is very close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est railway station and RER B stops which will ease your travel times to/from t
8288	A one studio in the heart of paris. 1 minute away from the care l ' est  , Gare de nord , republique , le Marais the  apartment has all the necessary amenities. It is 18 square meters with a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom   gare du nord  gare de l est republique Gare de Lyon Metro gare de l est front of the house	A studio  in the heart of paris. 1 minute away from gare du nord republique  studio has all the necessary amenities. It is 19square meters with a kitchen  toilette and shower A one studio in the heart of paris. 1 minute away from the care l ' est  , Gare de nord , republique , le Marais the  apartment has all the necessary amenities. It is 18 square meters with a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom   gare du nord  gare de l est republique Gare de Lyon Metro gare de l est front of the house all equipement shower toilet kitchen tv  not too much  living far from this studio Gare de l est  Gare du nord Porte st martin Porte st denis Republique Canal saint martin Metro gare de lest Chateau d eau Jacques bonsergent
8289	 Located in a recent building between the 10th and the 19th district of Paris, my cosy & spacious appartment is ideal for couples looking for a romantic stay and (with) a wonderful view on Paris. On the 8fh  floor (2 elevators) with a separated room, you will enjoy the 60 sqm. As you can see on pictures, there is big sunny terasse with an stunning view on Montmartre, Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse Tower. At the end of the day, you can see the sun comes down behind Montmartre ! The linving room offers a lot of space and a large table for convivial meal. There are two sofas and a desk, four larges bookcases, an internet access (wifi), a hi-fi system with vinyls & CDs collection includes some good oldies. The kitchen is fully furnished with a table and everything you will need for cooking: fridge, freezer, oven, hot plates, and even a wash machine so no need to go to the laundry. The corridor has two large wardrobes (which will be empty during your holidays) and in the bedroom, a real bed 	 Located in a recent building between the 10th and the 19th district of Paris, my cosy & spacious appartment is ideal for couples looking for a romantic stay and (with) a wonderful view on Paris. On the 8fh  floor (2 elevators) with a separated room, you will enjoy the 60 sqm. As you can see on pictures, there is big sunny terasse with an stunning view on Montmartre, Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse Tower. At the end of the day, you can see the sun comes down behind Montmartre ! The linving room offers a lot of space and a large table for convivial meal. There are two sofas and a desk, four larges bookcases, an internet access (wifi), a hi-fi system with vinyls & CDs collection includes some good oldies. The kitchen is fully furnished with a table and everything you will need for cooking: fridge, freezer, oven, hot plates, and even a wash machine so no need to go to the laundry. The corridor has two large wardrobes (which will be empty during your holidays) and in the bedroom, a real bed 
8290	Large 2-rooms at 2nd floor, parquet and fire place. Kitchen equiped with everthing you need.  Beautiful bedroom with a window on a quiet inner court Lovely and huge living & dining room  Bathroom with hair dryer, towels, a shower.	"Full appartement with a bedroom with a large bed for 2 person, and a large living room, with 2 sofa and a big dining table. Large 2-rooms at 2nd floor, parquet and fire place. Kitchen equiped with everthing you need.  Beautiful bedroom with a window on a quiet inner court Lovely and huge living & dining room  Bathroom with hair dryer, towels, a shower. Full appartement. Guests can call in case of question or problem! Very close, the street du faubourg Saint-Denis is very active with lots of commerces and restaurants. (We love the Cour des petites écuries with nice restaurants and terraces !) A few minutes walk (10 min), the ""grands boulevards"" with numerous theaters and the Grévin museum. A bit farther, at 25 min walk, le Louvre with its famous museum and pyramid. 20 minutes walk from the appartement, you will also be shopping at the Grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette or Printemps). Eiffel tour and the Champs Elysées are accessible directly on subway line 9 at around 20 minutes. Cité "
8291		location min 3 semaines appartement meublé au 4.étage avec balcon une pièce avec coin cuisine et salle à manger salle de bains avec WC, lavabo et douche chambre avec bureau, armoire et grand lit métro Jacques Bonsergent ou République 
8292	De type loft d'artiste en dernier étage, en plein coeur d'un quartier animé mais donnant sur cour parfaitement au calme, mon appartement est atypique mais j'ai souhaité que les gens s'y sentent bien! Attention, il s'agit d'un 6ième étage sans ascenceur.  Il s'agit de mon appartement , que j'ai fait rénover il y a 3 ans intégralement. L'entrée est assez vaste et dessert la chambre sur la droite, la salle de bain sur la gauche, puis en avançant des WC séparés, et enfin vous arrivez dans le salon. Le salon a une grande hauteur sous plafond (jusqu'à 4m ) avec des poutres apparentes, et une mezzanine en verre sur la partie la plus haute.  La décoration est plutot atypique.. comme vous pouvez le voir sur les photos! (NB : l'appartement n'était pas du tout rangé quand les photos ont été prises!) En terme d'équipement :  - il n'y a pas de Télévision - par contre il y a internet... une cuisine entièrement équipée ... une baignoire d'angle... une chaine hifi a disposition... En terme de couchage	De type loft d'artiste en dernier étage, en plein coeur d'un quartier animé mais donnant sur cour parfaitement au calme, mon appartement est atypique mais j'ai souhaité que les gens s'y sentent bien! De type loft d'artiste en dernier étage, en plein coeur d'un quartier animé mais donnant sur cour parfaitement au calme, mon appartement est atypique mais j'ai souhaité que les gens s'y sentent bien! Attention, il s'agit d'un 6ième étage sans ascenceur.  Il s'agit de mon appartement , que j'ai fait rénover il y a 3 ans intégralement. L'entrée est assez vaste et dessert la chambre sur la droite, la salle de bain sur la gauche, puis en avançant des WC séparés, et enfin vous arrivez dans le salon. Le salon a une grande hauteur sous plafond (jusqu'à 4m ) avec des poutres apparentes, et une mezzanine en verre sur la partie la plus haute.  La décoration est plutot atypique.. comme vous pouvez le voir sur les photos! (NB : l'appartement n'était pas du tout rangé quand les photos ont été prises!) 
8293	Our 45 m 2 flat (485 sq feet) flat is located in the heart of Paris, in the very center, right near the Canal Saint Martin:  1 minute from the Canal Saint-Martin  2 minutes from the metro station (Jacques Bonsergent / Republic) and the bike station  10 minutes with the metro form Gare du Nord 15 minutes walking from the Marais 20 minutes walking or biking from the Louvre museum  15 minutes of metro from Montmartre  15 minutes walking to Beaubourg - Centre Georges Pompidou  20 minutes biking from Galeries LaFayette etc.  Guests will have the whole place for themselves during their stay. The neighborhood and the building are very safe.  Our neighborhood : many hip bars, numerous fancy and cheap restaurants (traditional French, sushi, Italian, Turkish, Korean, etc.), concert bars, fancy boutiques, designers shops, organic food market places, winery stores, etc.  We will let you know about what do to around, where to eat and drink, everything you need to enjoy your stay here. We wrote ten 	Our 45 m 2 flat (485 sq feet) flat is located in the heart of Paris, in the very center, right near the Canal Saint Martin:  1 minute from the Canal Saint-Martin  2 minutes from the metro station (Jacques Bonsergent / Republic) and the bike station  10 minutes with the metro form Gare du Nord 15 minutes walking from the Marais 20 minutes walking or biking from the Louvre museum  15 minutes of metro from Montmartre  15 minutes walking to Beaubourg - Centre Georges Pompidou  20 minutes biking from Galeries LaFayette etc.  Guests will have the whole place for themselves during their stay. The neighborhood and the building are very safe.  Our neighborhood : many hip bars, numerous fancy and cheap restaurants (traditional French, sushi, Italian, Turkish, Korean, etc.), concert bars, fancy boutiques, designers shops, organic food market places, winery stores, etc.  We will let you know about what do to around, where to eat and drink, everything you need to enjoy your stay here. We wrote ten 
8294	Notre appartement est situé à 15 minutes à pied des grands magasins et à 10 minutes des grands boulevards. Tous les théâtres parisiens et les grands magasins sont tout près. Le village de Montmartre est à 20 minutes à pied. L'appartement est très bien desservi: lignes 4, 5 et 7 du métro, RER B et D et nombreux bus. L'appartement dispose de 3 chambres, un salon séparé de la cuisine et 2 salles de bain, pour vous permettre de vivre en tout confort. Internet en wifi, lecteur de DVD (et DVDs disponibles d'ailleurs!), sono et machine à Nespresso sont à votre disposition.	Notre appartement est situé à 15 minutes à pied des grands magasins et à 10 minutes des grands boulevards. Tous les théâtres parisiens et les grands magasins sont tout près. Le village de Montmartre est à 20 minutes à pied. L'appartement est très bien desservi: lignes 4, 5 et 7 du métro, RER B et D et nombreux bus. L'appartement dispose de 3 chambres, un salon séparé de la cuisine et 2 salles de bain, pour vous permettre de vivre en tout confort. Internet en wifi, lecteur de DVD (et DVDs disponibles d'ailleurs!), sono et machine à Nespresso sont à votre disposition. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Il est demandé aux voyageurs d'apporter leurs serviettes de toilette. Je suis disponible par téléphone et mail en permanence. - Marché Saint-Quentin - Gare de l'Est - Gare du Nord - Grands Magasins - Opéra - RER B jusque Gare du Nord ou lignes 4, 5 ou 7 jusque gare de l'Est - 2 parkings Vinci à proximité Circulation en voiture très pénible; favorisez les transports e
8295	Une charmante et chaleureuse maison très au calme dans le surprenant quartier hipe du moment, le fameux 10ème arrondissement  ! et quel luxe d'avoir le canal st Martin comme terrasse ! Il sera l'endroit idéal pour tout séjour Parisien, car tout en se nichant dans le cœur de la ville, notre maison s'offrira à vous comme un lieu de répit et de calme dans le grisant tourbillon parisien  ! Vous aurez Accès à tout l'équipement, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver et à sécher le linge, nos livres et nos cd ! Draps et serviettes de bains compris !  Notre 10eme arrondissement c'est l'Ambiance particulière d'un quartier-village jeune et commerçant, le charme parisien du canal saint Martin et de ses typiques bistrots, de ses boutiques branchées de mode et de déco, de ses librairies d'art, une véritable mixité culturelle et le plaisir de belles ballades dans les parcs ou le long du canal pour les bucoliques...  C'est Un quartier qui saura vous plaire par ses paradoxes !  De petits restaurants du mond	Charmante maison de ville en duplex dans une cour très au calme, à deux pas du canal St Martin Paris 10eme. Il y a 4 couchages, une cuisine tout équipé, et la possibilité d'un lit d'appoint. Proche Gare de l'Est et 3 stations de métro à moins de 5min ! Une charmante et chaleureuse maison très au calme dans le surprenant quartier hipe du moment, le fameux 10ème arrondissement  ! et quel luxe d'avoir le canal st Martin comme terrasse ! Il sera l'endroit idéal pour tout séjour Parisien, car tout en se nichant dans le cœur de la ville, notre maison s'offrira à vous comme un lieu de répit et de calme dans le grisant tourbillon parisien  ! Vous aurez Accès à tout l'équipement, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver et à sécher le linge, nos livres et nos cd ! Draps et serviettes de bains compris !  Notre 10eme arrondissement c'est l'Ambiance particulière d'un quartier-village jeune et commerçant, le charme parisien du canal saint Martin et de ses typiques bistrots, de ses boutiques branchées de mod
8296	The flat is located in the great area of the canal saint Martin/Republique, meaning you can walk most of the city, find cafés and shops at the feet of the flat, restaurants and bars just next door without having their noise at night!! It's a 36m2 flat +40m2 terrace, first floor, orientation west-north amazing for this hot summer. You will find the metro J.Bonsergent at 50 meters from it, and all the lines of Republique, Chateau d'Eau, gare de l'Est are at less than 5min walk, making easy discovering Paris.  Enjoy!! ;)	On the canal saint Martin and next to Republique, enjoy your stay in an original 1 bedroom flat with 40m2 terrace!!! The flat is located in the great area of the canal saint Martin/Republique, meaning you can walk most of the city, find cafés and shops at the feet of the flat, restaurants and bars just next door without having their noise at night!! It's a 36m2 flat +40m2 terrace, first floor, orientation west-north amazing for this hot summer. You will find the metro J.Bonsergent at 50 meters from it, and all the lines of Republique, Chateau d'Eau, gare de l'Est are at less than 5min walk, making easy discovering Paris.  Enjoy!! ;) . I will do my best to make sure your comfort is optimal and your stay amazing!
8297	Typical parisian Loft of 65 m square, very calm in a green  courtyard in the center of Paris near the nice cafés and shops. The large kitchen is open on the living -room, there guest toilettes.. At the up floor the cosy double bedroom, with the bathroom (with a bath tub). 1mn from Jacques Bonsergent tube, or 5mn of Republique.  	Typical parisian Loft of 65 m square, very calm in a green  courtyard in the center of Paris near the nice cafés and shops. The large kitchen is open on the living -room, there guest toilettes.. At the up floor the cosy double bedroom, with the bathroom (with a bath tub). 1mn from Jacques Bonsergent tube, or 5mn of Republique.  
8298	Two rooms 55m2 appartment near Gare du nord. 3 minutes from bus and subway stops that service most of the city. A large apartment with lots of space/ large living room/ kitchen is contemporary and open with high ceilings and modern decor/washer/dryer. There are two beds:  - one double bed (140x200) in the bedroom - one sofa bed (140h190) in the living.	2nd floor of a beautiful building with courtyard/ Very quite/near subway and commodities. Very confortable for two persons (max: 4 persons). Two rooms 55m2 appartment near Gare du nord. 3 minutes from bus and subway stops that service most of the city. A large apartment with lots of space/ large living room/ kitchen is contemporary and open with high ceilings and modern decor/washer/dryer. There are two beds:  - one double bed (140x200) in the bedroom - one sofa bed (140h190) in the living. You 'll have access to the entire appartment. A person will welcome you to give you the keys and to show you the appartment. The neigborhood is in central Paris. You 'll have an easy access to all comodities and transports. Métros: lignes 4 et 5 (Gare du Nord), ligne 2 (Barbès), ligne 7 (Gare de l'Est) RER: lignes B et D (Gare du Nord)
8299		Métro bonne nouvelle / Strasbourg saint denis , 40 m2 , équipement complet (Four, micro-onde, frigo, machine à (website hidden), Wifi). Lumineux et charmant pour un ou 2 couples. Chambre séparée et canapé lit tout confort. Métro 4/8/9. Commerces à proximité.
8300	The apartment sleeps very comfortably 2 persons in the bedroom and I can install an air bed the dining-room. The living room has 2 big windows that gives access to a nice balcony. The flat is very bright.	"In Paris’s hottest new micro-quartier  A typical traditional Parisian, bright and spacious apartment (60m2 / 500 sq.feet) with a big living rom, a separate bedroom, an independant kitchen and a balcony, in a very central and convenient area. The apartment sleeps very comfortably 2 persons in the bedroom and I can install an air bed the dining-room. The living room has 2 big windows that gives access to a nice balcony. The flat is very bright. I am mostly present for the check-in. Sometimes a friend or a ""Bnb-sitter"" can replace me. If you want to have specific timing for check-in / check-out, just ask and we can adjust depending on the other bookings. Paris’s hottest new micro-quartier near Gare du Nord according to The Guardian (Saturday 15 November 2014) Steps away from where passengers disembark the Eurostar trains from London lies one of the city’s hippest neighbourhoods, full of exciting new restaurants, bars and shops. The latest hotspot is in a micro quartier right near Gare du "
8301	Véritable appartement haussmannien dans un immeuble de 1860 (grande hauteur sous plafond, balcon filant, parquet chêne, moulures, cheminées décoratives), ayant bénéficié d'une rénovation et décoration soignée avec beaux matériaux (granit, verre, chêne). 2ème  étage avec ascenseur. Rare terrasse de 15 m² sur passage au calme qui permet de prendre ses repas jusqu'à 6 personnes et se détendre après de longues balades dans Paris. Idéal pour un couple avec 2 enfants (1 mezzanine mi-hauteur à partir de 4 ans et un lit canapé confortable 1 place dans la chambre d'enfant, possible lit d'appoint en plus). Pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes grâce à un vrai lit 2 pers. dans le canapé (pas de rideaux occultants dans le salon toutefois).   Vos lits sont faits à l'arrivée, le linge de toilette est inclus ainsi que le ménage à votre départ. Matériel bébé sur demande (prix forfaitaire selon vos besoins).	Idéal famille ! 90m² entièrement rénové et décoré fin 2014, 1 chambre parentale et cuisine sur terrasse paysagée, 1 grande chambre enfants 2 couchages, salon 30m², SDB équipée, WC séparés. Calme, central, proches de commerces, transports, sorties. Véritable appartement haussmannien dans un immeuble de 1860 (grande hauteur sous plafond, balcon filant, parquet chêne, moulures, cheminées décoratives), ayant bénéficié d'une rénovation et décoration soignée avec beaux matériaux (granit, verre, chêne). 2ème  étage avec ascenseur. Rare terrasse de 15 m² sur passage au calme qui permet de prendre ses repas jusqu'à 6 personnes et se détendre après de longues balades dans Paris. Idéal pour un couple avec 2 enfants (1 mezzanine mi-hauteur à partir de 4 ans et un lit canapé confortable 1 place dans la chambre d'enfant, possible lit d'appoint en plus). Pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes grâce à un vrai lit 2 pers. dans le canapé (pas de rideaux occultants dans le salon toutefois).   Vos lits so
8302	Enjoy your trip in Paris in this wonderful studio enjoyable for two persons, at 1 minute of Canal Saint Martin and 10 minutes from center of Paris by walk. There is a kitchen near entrance with every things you need for cooking and an oven, a confortable living room with a sofa, a coffee table and two chairs available if you need. Behind the sofa there is a big double bed. There is also a bathroom with towels for you. Neighbourhood is very nice, with several supermarkets all around this street, you'll find lots of different restaurants and pubs. It's perfect for people who want to have a confortable night in center of Paris. 	                Welcome ! I let you my confortable apartment well situated for people who want to spend days in center of Paris. The block is very securised with two different digital codes. You will love the lively neighbourhood.                Enjoy your trip in Paris in this wonderful studio enjoyable for two persons, at 1 minute of Canal Saint Martin and 10 minutes from center of Paris by walk. There is a kitchen near entrance with every things you need for cooking and an oven, a confortable living room with a sofa, a coffee table and two chairs available if you need. Behind the sofa there is a big double bed. There is also a bathroom with towels for you. Neighbourhood is very nice, with several supermarkets all around this street, you'll find lots of different restaurants and pubs. It's perfect for people who want to have a confortable night in center of Paris. 
8303	Very confortable for 2, user friendly for 4 people, bathroom and kitchen fully equiped, internet broadband	A nice 39 sq meters, with a big living room and open bedroom for two, plus a sofa bed  for two in the living room. Bathroom and kitchen fully equiped, Internet broadband. Very confortable for two and user friendly for 4 people. Idealy located Very confortable for 2, user friendly for 4 people, bathroom and kitchen fully equiped, internet broadband 5 min from canal saint martin, metro (goncourt, colonel fabien, belleville)
8304	it s a typich parisien appartment with many decorative things and furniture come from brittany. Possibility to book for 4 persons because there is a very confortable couch in the dining room and a really good bed in the bedroom !	Stay in my lovely appartment very close from Montmartre(8 minute to walk),  very easy to find from the airports!  The apartment,  includes a beautiful dining room,a large bedroom, bathroom, kitchen completely furnished, washing machine,wifi, TV... it s a typich parisien appartment with many decorative things and furniture come from brittany. Possibility to book for 4 persons because there is a very confortable couch in the dining room and a really good bed in the bedroom ! All the appartment is rent. Possibility to book for 4 persons because there is a very confortable couch in the dining room and a really good bed in the bedroom ! by email or phone(use whatsapp). I m very available for you and it s with pleasure i will inform about the booking and advice you about Paris. Very close from montmartre, many cafe, restaurants, I advice for my appartment for couple to visit: Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, rue des martyrs, les puces de saint Ouen very good situation in Paris with 3 subway lines  
8305		Grand studio au second étage sur rue. Tout confort: bain, cuisine équipée, salon, espace lit podium, internet, lave linge, service ménage.
8306	L'appartement  se compose d'une grande entrée, cuisine entièrement équipée et dinatoire, d'un double salon et de deux chambres chacune avec salle de bain et toilettes privatifs Parquet et moulures d'époques dans toutes les pièces.	L'appartement  se compose d'une grande entrée, cuisine entièrement équipée et dinatoire, d'un double salon et de deux chambres chacune avec salle de bain et toilettes privatifs Parquet et moulures d'époques dans toutes les pièces. Le quartier est très agréable, à 2 minutes du canal Saint Martin et du Canal de l'Ourcq. A 10 minutes à pied vous trouvez le Parc des Buttes Chaumont 4 lignes de métro desservent le quartier: la 5, la 7, la 2 et la 7 bis.
8307	This is the perfect stay for a couple or a single visiting Paris that would like to taste the typical Parisian experience.  The aptmt has a comfortable large double bed, a sofa which opens into a very comfortable extra bed, and equipped kitchen where you can cook your food and a folding table where you can dine.	This is the perfect stay for a couple or a single visiting Paris that would like to taste the typical Parisian experience.  The aptmt has a comfortable large double bed, a sofa which opens into a very comfortable extra bed, and equipped kitchen where you can cook your food and a folding table where you can dine. All equipments can be used : wifi, TV, HiFi, kitchen. Except for the washing machine. I'm sometimes around, and sometimes not...it really depends ... Just ask me when you book :) The apartment is located in the 10th district (arrondissement) of Paris, multicultural and popular street with handful of crowded bars and restaurants. Yet, it is isolated from the street, situated in the inner part of a complex with 2 big windows turning the patio. The first door is in the street (there is a code), then a second door for my building, then the apartment's door (5th floor). No solution to park in the building. To get to here with public transportation the Metro stop is Strasbourg-Saint-
8308	We are a couple living in Paris and would be pleased to welcome you to our appartment in the 10th district 200 meters from the canal saint martin. You will stay in a private small room with a double bed of 140 cm * 190 cm with a good mattress and a wardrobe. Wifi / TV - Cable / shower / closet / house linen (sheets, towels) / Soap & shower gel provided / Coffee / Kettle / maps and guides Paris available for you. Check In / Check Out: Please give us your estimated arrival time and we will agree an appointment. ---------------------------------------------------------	"We would be glad to welcome you in a private room for two in the ""10ème"" near the ""Canal Saint Martin"", in a typical Haussmannien building. It is 5 min. to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, and only 11 min. to Montmartre. Welcome to Paris! We are a couple living in Paris and would be pleased to welcome you to our appartment in the 10th district 200 meters from the canal saint martin. You will stay in a private small room with a double bed of 140 cm * 190 cm with a good mattress and a wardrobe. Wifi / TV - Cable / shower / closet / house linen (sheets, towels) / Soap & shower gel provided / Coffee / Kettle / maps and guides Paris available for you. Check In / Check Out: Please give us your estimated arrival time and we will agree an appointment. --------------------------------------------------------- - Gare du Nord or Gare de l'Est (4 min. by bus) - Montmartre, le sacré-Cœur et Pigalle  (10 min. by subway)  - Opéra, Palais Garnier, Galeries Lafayette (15min. by subway) - Le marais, hôte"
8309	L'appartement est composé d'un vrai lit cosy et d'un canapé lit deux places. C'est mon lieu de vie, vous y trouverez tout le confort nécessaire, une cuisine entièrement équipé, , internet, une hifi de mélomane, une grande salle de bain avec baignoire.  Le canal St Martin est le nouveau quartier à la mode des parisiens. Vous y trouverez quantités de bar, restaurants, galerie d'art, boutique de fringue. Les métros sont à dispositions partout autour de vous. Mais vous serez tellement dans le centre que tout est accessible en un quart d'heure à pied.	Appartement (pour 2 ou 4 personnes) sur le canal saint martin , avec un joli balcon ensoleillé .  Situation trendy et central, vous pourrez vous balader partout en vélo. L'appartement est composé d'un vrai lit cosy et d'un canapé lit deux places. C'est mon lieu de vie, vous y trouverez tout le confort nécessaire, une cuisine entièrement équipé, , internet, une hifi de mélomane, une grande salle de bain avec baignoire.  Le canal St Martin est le nouveau quartier à la mode des parisiens. Vous y trouverez quantités de bar, restaurants, galerie d'art, boutique de fringue. Les métros sont à dispositions partout autour de vous. Mais vous serez tellement dans le centre que tout est accessible en un quart d'heure à pied. A tout Je suis dispo pour vous conseillez sur les resto du coin Vous serez vraiment au cœur CANAL ST MARTIN. +1 mins du canal saint Martin  +Restaurant  +Trendy coffee Shop +15 mins du marais à pieds +10mins de la place de la répubique à pieds Métro Jacques Bonsergent  Métro G
8310	Modern, clean, and comfortable 1st floor apartment in the 10th arrondissement, just beside Place de la Republique, Canal Saint Martin (from the film Amelie), and the Grand Boulevards.   Important!  When we're in town, we rent out the living room, which has a pull-out sofa bed for 2 people.  When we travel, you have the entire apartment, which could sleep at least 4 people.  Please ask for the conditions during the dates you are visiting Paris. Perfect location!!!  Just between:      The Canal Saint Martin, the Marais & Montmartre Near metro Republique, Chateau d'Eau, Velib' stations, buses, tons of restaurants, theatre district! Walking distance from:  Place de la Republique, les Grands Boulevards, le Marais, Canal Saint Martin, countless historic churches, theatres, shopping, etc... Fully stocked kitchen includes:  stove, micro wave/oven, fridge, freezer, Lavazza espresso maker, plates, glasses, utensils, cooking supplies, pots/pans,  Stocked closet with sheets, blankets, pillows, ple	A gem tucked away from the boulevard, steps away from all the action. Chill out with a bottle of wine, along the banks of the Canal Saint-Martin, watch an open air concert in the Place de la République, explore the historic and charming Marais... Modern, clean, and comfortable 1st floor apartment in the 10th arrondissement, just beside Place de la Republique, Canal Saint Martin (from the film Amelie), and the Grand Boulevards.   Important!  When we're in town, we rent out the living room, which has a pull-out sofa bed for 2 people.  When we travel, you have the entire apartment, which could sleep at least 4 people.  Please ask for the conditions during the dates you are visiting Paris. Perfect location!!!  Just between:      The Canal Saint Martin, the Marais & Montmartre Near metro Republique, Chateau d'Eau, Velib' stations, buses, tons of restaurants, theatre district! Walking distance from:  Place de la Republique, les Grands Boulevards, le Marais, Canal Saint Martin, countless hist
8311		Deux-pièces de charme renouvelés depuis 1 ans en style cozy avec poutres apparentes, très silencieux et équipé des tous conforts. Dans le Xème arr., quartier plein de vie. Très bien déservi par le transport public (métro, bus a 50 mt). 
8312	"This apartment is very welcoming, and the decoration is from several journeys that I did! We feel like at home immediately :) Furthermore, it is very well located, at 5 minutes from the ""canal Saint Martin"" and several restaurants and pubs to discover."	"This apartment is very welcoming, and the decoration is from several journeys that I did! We feel like at home immediately :) Furthermore, it is very well located, at 5 minutes from the ""canal Saint Martin"" and several restaurants and pubs to discover. I rent my apartment when I leave Paris, so you'll have a total access to the entire place : a room with 2 beds, a living room with a sofa-bed, TV, dining table, books..., a kitchen with all equipment (included a wash machine), and a bathroom-toilets.  You can use all equipment of the apartment, but not the food :) There is some Wifi of course! I provide you some clean sheets and towels. The quarter is one of the reasons why I rent this apartment! The 10th arrondissement of Paris is a popular district, in the good way: people say 'hello' to each other, and there is a good atmosphere. Around the apartment, there are dozens of delicious restaurants and pubs. The 'canal Saint Martin"" is very peaceful and pleasant. Several metro lines closed "
8313	Lit 2 places + un matelas	Lit 2 places + un matelas 1er étage avec ascenseur. 
8314		Cosy and sunny bedroom in a nice appartment next to the Canal St Martin. 
8315	D'une superficie de 34 m2, avec cuisine ouverte toute équipée, parquet en bois, lumineux, cet appartement convient à un couple. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes. A 34m2 flat with an open kitchen fully equipped, a parquet floor, this flat suits for a couple. It can welcome 2 people. 	Ce deux pièces original et confortable est situé au dessus d'une verrière abritant l'atypique passage Brady où commerçants, coiffeurs et restaurateurs Indiens se croisent.  Quartier plein de surprises !  Close from Gare du Nord/Proche Gare du Nord D'une superficie de 34 m2, avec cuisine ouverte toute équipée, parquet en bois, lumineux, cet appartement convient à un couple. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes. A 34m2 flat with an open kitchen fully equipped, a parquet floor, this flat suits for a couple. It can welcome 2 people. Je ne serai jamais loin et pourrais vous apportez toutes les réponses à vos questions. I will not be far from you and would be able to answer your questions. La rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis (à droite en sortant de l'immeuble) est une rue très animée de jours comme de nuit. La journée, c'est un quartier populaire et commercent qui cède le soir la place aux rendez-vous des jeunes branchés. J'aime de la rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis son pittoresque, la journée les vendeurs
8316	Au 6eme sous les toits. Vue Tour Eiffel et Montmartre  Proche grands boulevards, république, grand rex, shopping et lieux touristiques.  Métro ligne 8 et 9 arrêt bonne nouvelle	Appartement de 35m2 a Paris 10eme proche grands boulevards (grand rex). Métro bonne nouvelle (8/9).  35m2 flat un the center of Paris.  Au 6eme sous les toits. Vue Tour Eiffel et Montmartre  Proche grands boulevards, république, grand rex, shopping et lieux touristiques.  Métro ligne 8 et 9 arrêt bonne nouvelle Proche grands boulevards, république, grand rex, shopping et lieux touristiques.  Métro ligne 8 et 9 arrêt bonne nouvelle
8317		Very quiet room overlooking a courtyard in lively district of Paris. Subway, supermarket, bar, box, restaurant: it's all here! Living room Kitchen Bathroom Center of Paris,  You will find a lot of metro lines.
8318	Très bien situé 2 mn de Bonne nouvelle	Petit studio tout équipé idéalement situé grand boulevard. Tout confort proche des commerces et du métro bonne nouvelle Très bien situé 2 mn de Bonne nouvelle 4 ème étage sans ascenceur Tous commerces Ligne 9 et 8
8319	La Chambre dispose d'un  Un grand lit « Marque bio latex »  190 cm sur 160 cm. Possibilité d'accueillir  un couple surplus de 30 euros par nuit. Une armoire à votre disposition.  	Chambre agréable dans appartement. Salle de bain, WC, à partager. Wifi. Possibilité d'utiliser la cuisine et le lave linge.  La Chambre dispose d'un  Un grand lit « Marque bio latex »  190 cm sur 160 cm. Possibilité d'accueillir  un couple surplus de 30 euros par nuit. Une armoire à votre disposition.  Mon appartement est situé en plein centre de Paris, dans un quartier calme et agréable à vivre , pas loin du canal de l'Ourcq, parc de la villette, cité des séances . Les Galeries La fayette, le Louvre sont facilement accessibles à pieds.  Vous n'êtes également pas loin du charme de la promenade est imparable : commençant par le canal Saint-Martin, près de République, elle fait la part belle aux espaces verts (Parc des Buttes-Chaumont). Metro ligne 2, 5 et 7 Stalingrad à 1 mn  ,  Métro : garde du nord, garde de l’est 3 mn  30 euros par nuit pour 1 voyageur supplémentaire
8320	"INGLISH "" "" In the center of the Fashion and Theaters district in Paris ; nearby George Pompidou center and The Opera Garnier in a street called « la Pigalle des Parisiens »(rue Blondel 75002) you will find one renovated and well decorated apartment in an historic building built in the XVII’s. Situated in the center of Paris, thanks to all the public transportation offered by the city around the apartment, you’ll be able to walk around the city easily and discover about the romantic places of that wonderful «Ville Lumière » "" ""  "	"INGLISH "" "" In the center of the Fashion and Theaters district in Paris ; nearby George Pompidou center and The Opera Garnier in a street called « la Pigalle des Parisiens »(rue Blondel 75002) you will find one renovated and well decorated apartment INGLISH "" "" In the center of the Fashion and Theaters district in Paris ; nearby George Pompidou center and The Opera Garnier in a street called « la Pigalle des Parisiens »(rue Blondel 75002) you will find one renovated and well decorated apartment in an historic building built in the XVII’s. Situated in the center of Paris, thanks to all the public transportation offered by the city around the apartment, you’ll be able to walk around the city easily and discover about the romantic places of that wonderful «Ville Lumière » "" ""  "
8321	2 bedrooms with kingsize beds 1 bathroom, toilet separated 1 living room with dining table (6 chairs), 2 coaches and TV 1 equiped kitchen	Flat 60 sqm  2 bedrooms with kingsize beds 1 bathroom, toilet separated 1 living room with dining table (6 chairs), 2 coaches and TV 1 equiped kitchen 10 min walk from Montmartre Near barbes metro station and Gare du Nord (direct to airports)
8322		Nid douillet au cœur du Faubourg Saint Denis. Confortable et fonctionnel, ce studio est en plus très bien placé, dans un quartier agréable et animé.
8323	Apartment of 34m ² + balcony. Quiet and bright. Totally renovated in 2014. 10 min walk from the Gare du Nord (to CDG ) . 10 min walk to Gare de l'Est . 20 min walk from Montmartre, Opera and Galeries Lafayette / Printemps Haussmann . In the heart of Paris, the apartment is on the 3rd floor, with elevator and no overlooked . It is located across Saint Louis Square, 150 meters from the Canal Saint Martin, in a quiet and secure residential building. Facing Southeast, sunshine is continuous throughout the day. The view is clear and the apartment has a long balcony. Bright and soothing this apartment is ideal for a couple with one child. Entry is simple with the provision of storage space, the bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine linen, kitchen has complete equipment . The living room is nice and spacious. All shops are close : bars, restaurants , bakery, pharmacy , butchers and supermarkets. The apartment is available in its entirety. It is fully equipped for an extended stay. It h	Check out our vidéo of the flat here by copy/paste this link: sKAfi8CRSO8 Apartment of 34m ² + balcony. Quiet and bright. Totally renovated in 2014. 10 min walk from the Gare du Nord (to CDG ) . 10 min walk to Gare de l'Est . 20 min walk from Montmartre, Opera and Galeries Lafayette / Printemps Haussmann . In the heart of Paris, the apartment is on the 3rd floor, with elevator and no overlooked . It is located across Saint Louis Square, 150 meters from the Canal Saint Martin, in a quiet and secure residential building. Facing Southeast, sunshine is continuous throughout the day. The view is clear and the apartment has a long balcony. Bright and soothing this apartment is ideal for a couple with one child. Entry is simple with the provision of storage space, the bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine linen, kitchen has complete equipment . The living room is nice and spacious. All shops are close : bars, restaurants , bakery, pharmacy , butchers and supermarkets. The apartment is 
8324	4/6 persons : each room gets a queen bed / we also have a sofa bed in the big living room.	Comfortable and clean apartment close to Gare de l'Est. Short walk to downtown or mid-town and close to all major subway lines. Sizeable kitchen and bathroom, queen bed and large couch, quiet building, cable tv and internet access 4/6 persons : each room gets a queen bed / we also have a sofa bed in the big living room. We live in the 10's arrondissement, a very living area in the heart of Paris, near the charming canal Saint Martin, in the typical rue du Faubourg Saint Denis, famous for bars and restaurants.  You also are really close to Place de la Republique, les Grands Boulevards (department stores Galleries Lafayette) and Opéra Garnier. 2 nearby metro stations connecting much of the city : Gare de l'Est (lines 4, 5 and 7) and Strasbourg St Denis (lines 4, 8 and 9). The Gare du Nord is also very close. - Line 4: Chatelet, Beaubourg, Saint-Michel, Notre Dame, Montparnasse ... - Line 5: Bastille, La Villette, République ... - Line 7: Louvre, Opéra, district Monge and Pantheon, rue de
8325	Notre appartement est un ancien atelier de 130m2, en duplex situé au rez-de-chaussée, au fond d'une jolie cour pavée.  Terrasse privative arborée de 23m2 avec banc, table, chaises, parasol. Grand séjour avec grande table familiale, TV, cuisine ouverte (Four, micro-onde, bouilloire, machine Nespresso, lave-vaisselle, robots ménagers à disposition...) et buanderie (lave-linge, sèche-linge, fer à repasser). Huit couchages, 2 salles de bains, 2 wc: - 1 suite parentale composée d'une chambre avec lit en 160x200cm, 1 salle de bain (douche italienne + baignoire+wc) et 1 dressing. - 1 chambre avec canapé-lit en 160x200cm et télévision + jeux de wii,  - 2 chambres d'enfants (Lit en 90x190cm + lit tiroir). - 1 salle de bain avec douche italienne - 1 wc séparé	Loft sur 2 étages, au fond d'une jolie cour pavée, calme et arborée, avec terrasse privative. Spacieux, tout confort, 4 vraies chambres. Proche du Canal Saint martin, de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare de l'Est.  Notre appartement est un ancien atelier de 130m2, en duplex situé au rez-de-chaussée, au fond d'une jolie cour pavée.  Terrasse privative arborée de 23m2 avec banc, table, chaises, parasol. Grand séjour avec grande table familiale, TV, cuisine ouverte (Four, micro-onde, bouilloire, machine Nespresso, lave-vaisselle, robots ménagers à disposition...) et buanderie (lave-linge, sèche-linge, fer à repasser). Huit couchages, 2 salles de bains, 2 wc: - 1 suite parentale composée d'une chambre avec lit en 160x200cm, 1 salle de bain (douche italienne + baignoire+wc) et 1 dressing. - 1 chambre avec canapé-lit en 160x200cm et télévision + jeux de wii,  - 2 chambres d'enfants (Lit en 90x190cm + lit tiroir). - 1 salle de bain avec douche italienne - 1 wc séparé Vous pourrez profiter entière
8326	 Located in the heart of Paris in Canal Saint Martin, near the celebrate Hôtel du Nord, and minutes from the Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys, Charles de Gaulle Airport) , Gare de l'Est , the Grands Boulevards , theaters,  the Place des Vosges), Opera Bastille, the Centre Georges Pompidou and the Louvre, this typical parisian accommodation, second floor of a walkup building will charm you with its design, its parquet floor, Plenty of mirrors. Fully equiped : - linen - fully equiped kitchen - internet  access and wifi, phone with illimited calls for Europe, USA and Canada  - flat screen - Blu ray player - umbrella - hairdryer - espresso machine - iron and iron board - electric convertible - books and cook books - dvd maps of Paris and plenty of tips for your stay . - dishwasher, microwave, This vacation rental in a very strategic position,  is ideal for 2 people You can take a bicycle : the Velib station is in the street (you can find also Autolib) or take bus or underground Line 11 : Gon	 Located in the heart of Paris in Canal Saint Martin, near the celebrate Hôtel du Nord, and minutes from the Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys, Charles de Gaulle Airport) , Gare de l'Est , the Grands Boulevards , theaters,  the Place des Vosges), Opera Bastille, the Centre Georges Pompidou and the Louvre, this typical parisian accommodation, second floor of a walkup building will charm you with its design, its parquet floor, Plenty of mirrors. Fully equiped : - linen - fully equiped kitchen - internet  access and wifi, phone with illimited calls for Europe, USA and Canada  - flat screen - Blu ray player - umbrella - hairdryer - espresso machine - iron and iron board - electric convertible - books and cook books - dvd maps of Paris and plenty of tips for your stay . - dishwasher, microwave, This vacation rental in a very strategic position,  is ideal for 2 people You can take a bicycle : the Velib station is in the street (you can find also Autolib) or take bus or underground Line 11 : Gon
8327	Appartement entier. Tout équipé: cuisine avec four, cafetière senseo (et café), bouilloire, grille-pain; internet wi-fi en illimité.  Equipement cuisine et produits de première nécessité fournis;  Draps et serviettes fournis. Pas de TV; machine à laver non utilisable. 	Appartement 2 pièces idéalement situé dans le quartier du bas Belleville. 27 m2, lumineux, tout équipé, une chambre confortable avec vrai lit, une cuisine neuve, un canapé lit dans le salon pouvant accueillir 2 pers supplémentaires. Appartement entier. Tout équipé: cuisine avec four, cafetière senseo (et café), bouilloire, grille-pain; internet wi-fi en illimité.  Equipement cuisine et produits de première nécessité fournis;  Draps et serviettes fournis. Pas de TV; machine à laver non utilisable.  L'appartement est situé à 5 minutes du canal Saint Martin, du parc des Buttes Chaumont, proche de nombreux bars, restaurants et de commerces variés!  A 5 minutes à pied du métro Belleville (ligne 11 et 2) ou Colonel Fabien (ligne 2). A 2 minutes de plusieurs stations Vélib.  Situé au 4ème étage, sans ascenseur.
8328	This Haussmann style flat with elevator & its beautiful wooden floor can accommodate up to four people. It overlooks a course without any noise close to the metro Jaurès, Saint-Martin canal and the beautiful Parc des Buttes Chaumont.	BIG SALES SEPTEMBER ! LAST DATES  This Haussmann style flat with elevator & its beautiful wooden floor can accommodate up to four people. It overlooks a course without any noise close to the metro Jaurès. This Haussmann style flat with elevator & its beautiful wooden floor can accommodate up to four people. It overlooks a course without any noise close to the metro Jaurès, Saint-Martin canal and the beautiful Parc des Buttes Chaumont. All the appartment is for you and you can access the flat with an elevator Line 2 (Direct to Montmartre and Champs Elysées), Line 5 (Direct to Gare du Nord (London - Airport Charles de Gaules, Orly), Gare de l'Est.  The neighborhood is very friendly and safe to the subway. You get to the bottom of the building all the shops (Bakers, fishmonger, butcher, Picard, Monoprix ...) Jaurès Metro (lines 2 and 5). At the border between the 10th and the 19th district, 100m from the Canal de l'Ourcq, the Bassin de la Villette, or the park Buttes Chaumont. Il est situ
8329	Appartement de 63 m2 très clair et calme, situé sur cour, entièrement rénové il y a moins de 2 ans.  Duplex comprenant un grand espace cuisine-salon-salle à manger, une salle d'eau + WC séparés et 2 chambres en mezzanine. Idéal pour 3 personnes (1 couple + 1 personne), mais contient 5 couchages. le couchage est organisé ainsi : une chambre avec un lit double, une chambre avec un lit simple; et dans le coin salon, un canapé lit 2 places. Attention, il n'y a pas de volet ni de rideau dans le coin salon, donc la lumière du jour peut être un inconvénient pour ceux qui dorment dans le canapé lit. A 12 minutes à pied du Grand Rex sur les Grands boulevards, à 15 min de la rue Montorgueil, à 20 minutes à pied de Montmartre, le quartier est très central et animé. De nombreux restaurants et bars sympas à proximité; la rue du Faubourg Saint Denis est bien pourvue en tous commerces. L'immeuble est à environ 10 minutes des métros Poissonnière ligne 7, Bonne Nouvelle ligne 9, Château d'Eau ligne 4; 	Entièrement rénové il y a moins de 2 ans, l'appartement de 63 m2 a un design moderne et élégant, et offre un oasis de calme en plein Paris. On se sent dans un cocon! Appartement de 63 m2 très clair et calme, situé sur cour, entièrement rénové il y a moins de 2 ans.  Duplex comprenant un grand espace cuisine-salon-salle à manger, une salle d'eau + WC séparés et 2 chambres en mezzanine. Idéal pour 3 personnes (1 couple + 1 personne), mais contient 5 couchages. le couchage est organisé ainsi : une chambre avec un lit double, une chambre avec un lit simple; et dans le coin salon, un canapé lit 2 places. Attention, il n'y a pas de volet ni de rideau dans le coin salon, donc la lumière du jour peut être un inconvénient pour ceux qui dorment dans le canapé lit. A 12 minutes à pied du Grand Rex sur les Grands boulevards, à 15 min de la rue Montorgueil, à 20 minutes à pied de Montmartre, le quartier est très central et animé. De nombreux restaurants et bars sympas à proximité; la rue du Faubour
8330	Not big but very cute and confortable and fonctional and easy cause no stairs	Very quiet and easy no stairs near to metro republique-goncourt-jacques bonsergent- On the Canal St martin whith many restaurants and nice Bars and more commodities . Very quiet and confortable rdc no stairs on Plants and flowers cour  .. Not big but very cute and confortable and fonctional and easy cause no stairs Near different Métro : République - Goncourt -Jacques Bonsergent .
8331	Jolie loft au pied de la Porte Saint Martin, sur les grands boulevards. Cuisine équipée avec un bar, un grand canapé-lit, un coin chambre avec une salle de bain ouverte avec baignoire. De nombreux rangements. L'appartement a une vue incroyable sur la Porte Saint Martin. de jolie dessin d'un artiste parisien sont peints sur le plafond.	Jolie loft au premier étage sur les grands boulevards parisiens, avec vue sur la Porte Saint Martin. Dans un quartier animé, appartement avec un grand lit, un canapé lit, une salle de bain avec baignoire et une cuisine équipée. Jolie loft au pied de la Porte Saint Martin, sur les grands boulevards. Cuisine équipée avec un bar, un grand canapé-lit, un coin chambre avec une salle de bain ouverte avec baignoire. De nombreux rangements. L'appartement a une vue incroyable sur la Porte Saint Martin. de jolie dessin d'un artiste parisien sont peints sur le plafond. Tout est à disposition dans l'appartement : internet wifi, télévision, cuisine, linge, draps, serviettes. Je vous accueille moi même à l'appartement. En plein coeur de Paris, au début des Grands Boulevards, à côté du Maris, l'appartement est idéalement situé. Métro, bus, vélib', tout est proche.
8332	Gorgeous flat, totally refurbished, near Place de la République. Located in the very heart of Paris, most of the sightseeing highlights of the French capital are very easily accessible by metro or bike (Velib). It can fit up to 6 people (2 double beds and 1 convertible sofa). Gorgeous flat, totally refurbished in 2013, located in the center of Paris in the 10th arrondissement, a few meters away from Place de la République. The neighborhood of our flat is very lively as it is located at the intersection of Oberkampf (the emerging district of Paris right bank), le Marais (which is renowned for its nice atmosphere especially on weekends) and Grands Boulevards (the highlight of Paris for shopping and going out). However, our street is very calm as it is restricted for cars, and the flat is overlooking a courtyard. The flat is close to many shops and amenities, and it is ideally located transportwise: metro lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11 at République station (1 minute walk), and metro lines 4, 8 	Gorgeous flat, totally refurbished, near Place de la République. Located in the very heart of Paris, most of the sightseeing highlights of the French capital are very easily accessible by metro or bike (Velib). It can fit up to 6 people Gorgeous flat, totally refurbished, near Place de la République. Located in the very heart of Paris, most of the sightseeing highlights of the French capital are very easily accessible by metro or bike (Velib). It can fit up to 6 people (2 double beds and 1 convertible sofa). Gorgeous flat, totally refurbished in 2013, located in the center of Paris in the 10th arrondissement, a few meters away from Place de la République. The neighborhood of our flat is very lively as it is located at the intersection of Oberkampf (the emerging district of Paris right bank), le Marais (which is renowned for its nice atmosphere especially on weekends) and Grands Boulevards (the highlight of Paris for shopping and going out). However, our street is very calm as it is res
8333		Appartement de 38 m², 2 pièces bien situé, lumineux, calme, près d'une multitude de petits bars et restaurants et bien équipé (Home Cinema, Fibre Wifi, lave-linge...). N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'information. :)
8334	We offer you a 2 rooms apartment (400 ft2) in one of the most trendy, exciting and lively neighborhood in Paris. Located right next to the Canal St Martin. You will enjoy a walk by the water, discovering shops (clothes, food, wine and cheese) and fashionable restaurants and hip bars.  Apartment located less than fifteen minutes away from the heart of Paris:  Louvre, Bastille, Montmartre, le Marais, Centre Pompidou, Saint Michel, Saint Germain...etc  Inside the apartment there is 1 very peaceful bedroom (with a double bed/queen-size bed), 1 bathroom (with shower ), a cosy living room with a convertible couch, a little desk, a flat screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen. Amenities:  * TV * High Speed Internet Connection  * Linens Provided * Washing machine * Full Kitchen  * Microwave/Toaster/Small oven * Iron  * Hair Dryer	We offer you a 3rd floor bright apartment, located in a very calm inner courtyard. The street, rue du Faubourg Saint Martin, is one of the more dynamic of the neighbourhood : bakeries, post-office, police station, supermarkets, cheese and biological We offer you a 2 rooms apartment (400 ft2) in one of the most trendy, exciting and lively neighborhood in Paris. Located right next to the Canal St Martin. You will enjoy a walk by the water, discovering shops (clothes, food, wine and cheese) and fashionable restaurants and hip bars.  Apartment located less than fifteen minutes away from the heart of Paris:  Louvre, Bastille, Montmartre, le Marais, Centre Pompidou, Saint Michel, Saint Germain...etc  Inside the apartment there is 1 very peaceful bedroom (with a double bed/queen-size bed), 1 bathroom (with shower ), a cosy living room with a convertible couch, a little desk, a flat screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen. Amenities:  * TV * High Speed Internet Connection  * Linens Provided * W
8335	appartement atypique, 30m2, agréable  calme car il donne sur une cour intérieure ,6eme étage avec ascenseur  Un salon cuisine ouverte et une chambre,  entièrement meublé et équipé  Des puits de lumière permettent à cet espace d´avoir une lumonisité incroyable et sa vue ... sur les toits de Paris en fait un lieu paisible. son atout : etre en plein coeur de paris au calme...	"appartement atypique calme et chaleureux. 30m2  tres lumineux au 6 etage avec ascenseur, donnant sur cour. À 2 pas du canal saint martin, de république et de l´opéra. le 10eme est un quartier animé et cosmopolite, de nombreux restaurants, bars et epiceries ... appartement atypique, 30m2, agréable  calme car il donne sur une cour intérieure ,6eme étage avec ascenseur  Un salon cuisine ouverte et une chambre,  entièrement meublé et équipé  Des puits de lumière permettent à cet espace d´avoir une lumonisité incroyable et sa vue ... sur les toits de Paris en fait un lieu paisible. son atout : etre en plein coeur de paris au calme... tout l´appartement  internet  machine a laver cuisine équipée serviettes de bain et draps Je m'absente pendant 2 mois quartier tendance, animé, cosmopolite & très sympa! Les bars, restaurants et épiceries diverses font le charme de la rue, tout est a portée de main! Bien desservi le métro le plus proche ""château d´eau"" ligne 4 ou ""Strasbourg saint Denis"" ligne "
8336	It's an old apartment, but very unique by it's atmosphere, very parisian, and relaxing. It has 3 bedrooms and one living room.The whole flat is surrounded by courtyards, so you won't hear any street noise.  I live part alone, part with my girlfriend in the flat, anyway, we are very nice, if you prefer to be by yourself or to have some time shared together, we'll manage the good way to live together.  For my way of live, I'm working in my room, going out a few times by day for meetings...	Very unique and big bed room, quiet, from old time (was my grand parents flat), in an 100m2 flat, . There is a big living room (20m2), equipped kitchen, separate toilet and bathroom. In extremely good area - Poissonnière/Grands Boulevards. It's an old apartment, but very unique by it's atmosphere, very parisian, and relaxing. It has 3 bedrooms and one living room.The whole flat is surrounded by courtyards, so you won't hear any street noise.  I live part alone, part with my girlfriend in the flat, anyway, we are very nice, if you prefer to be by yourself or to have some time shared together, we'll manage the good way to live together.  For my way of live, I'm working in my room, going out a few times by day for meetings... You can be in the living room, where you could listen to music (radio or vinyl), play chess, have diner, or a drink... I know very well Paris and its attractive activities, especially what concerns culture, museums, exhibitions, I can recommend you what to see at the
8337	Bright living room with 3 windows facing South and no vis-à-vis, large and quiet bedroom, fully equiped kitchen (except for the dishwasher... sorry) and very nice bathroom. There's also a second bedroom upstairs, but we'll only give you access to this one if you are three guests.	52sqm with lot of light and everything you'll need to make your stay in central Paris a genuine Parisian one! Bright living room with 3 windows facing South and no vis-à-vis, large and quiet bedroom, fully equiped kitchen (except for the dishwasher... sorry) and very nice bathroom. There's also a second bedroom upstairs, but we'll only give you access to this one if you are three guests. We are offering our home during our holidays. So it might be so that we won't meet! But evrything will be ready for you, and a friend will be welcoming you and handing you the keys over. The flat is located in a quiet street of a very living neighborhood! Foodistas, baristas, bistronomistos or nightistas will find so much in our Faubourg Saint Denis/Petites Ecuries neighborhood! 10 minutes walking and you'll be in Montorgueil/Etienne Marcel or République, 15 minutes and you'll reach Louvre, Les Halles, Palais Royal, or Opera house... Metro lines 3, 4 and 8 stop a few minutes away from here, buses go on
8338		Très beau 2 pièces refait à neuf, situé entre République et le Canal Saint Martin. Idéalement situé dans un quartier central, proche du Marais.  Appartement calme et lumineux. Beaucoup de commerces et restaurants aux alentours.
8339	My studio has 14m2 with a big window, very cozy and comfortable.	    Hello everyone, here is a totally new cozy studio for anyone traval and stay in Paris. The studio is at the heart of Paris between 3 and 10 arrondissment, 100 m to metro line (phone number hidden). Lots of bar, supermaket and restaurant. Just like home: )       My studio has 14m2 with a big window, very cozy and comfortable. I will give you the key and welcome you at the first day and explain everything. It's very important moment for getting the first contact to know each other and my apartment. ( your home ) : ) My flat is between 3 and 10 arrondisment. There are lots of bars, restaurants and supermarkets... you will never feel boring. My flat is at the heart of Paris, 200 m from the flat to metro station.  There are lots of lines arond my apartment : 4/8/9(strasbourg-saint-denis) or 3/5/8/9/11 (République) 
8340	Bonjour, Je loue mon petit et joli appartement parisien. Situé au 3ème étage, donnant sur cour d'un immeuble ancien protégé par un digicode, il est très lumineux. Petit mais bien agencé, vous aurez une place parfaite pour aller à la découverte de Paris ! L'appartement a été rénové en 2011. Le coin cuisine est totalement équipé et comprend un réfrigérateur, un four avec fonction micro-ondes, un grille pain, une bouilloire, et de la vaisselle. Il est très bien agencé, refait il y a peu de temps. 23 m2. Le quartier est très vivant, tout près du Canal St Martin. Il est très silencieux car il donne sur une cour intérieur. Le sol est en parquet donc bien pour les allergiques aux acariens :).  Hello, I'm renting my lovely parisian flat. It's at the third floor and it gives on an inside yard so it's really quiet. The flat been renoved in 2011. The neighbourghood is full of life, shops are always open. It's close to the Canal st Martin which is a lovely area. 	Ce logement est idéal pour un couple (lit double) ou bien pour des amis (3-4).  Great for couples or for friends (double bed and a convertible couch). Center located, you can do a lot of thing by walk ! Bonjour, Je loue mon petit et joli appartement parisien. Situé au 3ème étage, donnant sur cour d'un immeuble ancien protégé par un digicode, il est très lumineux. Petit mais bien agencé, vous aurez une place parfaite pour aller à la découverte de Paris ! L'appartement a été rénové en 2011. Le coin cuisine est totalement équipé et comprend un réfrigérateur, un four avec fonction micro-ondes, un grille pain, une bouilloire, et de la vaisselle. Il est très bien agencé, refait il y a peu de temps. 23 m2. Le quartier est très vivant, tout près du Canal St Martin. Il est très silencieux car il donne sur une cour intérieur. Le sol est en parquet donc bien pour les allergiques aux acariens :).  Hello, I'm renting my lovely parisian flat. It's at the third floor and it gives on an inside yard so
8341	Beautiful studio of 30 square meters with separate sleeping alcove and kitchen facilities in the very dynamic and trendy part of Parisian city center. 	A cozy home from which one has no wish to depart to fully benefit from the lively Canal Saint Martin area. You can then have a drink relaxing on the sofas, plunge into a bath or in the sleeping nest. Located close to all city attractions. Beautiful studio of 30 square meters with separate sleeping alcove and kitchen facilities in the very dynamic and trendy part of Parisian city center.  all facilities The canal Saint-Martin is a beautiful 19th-century waterway that now draws a trendy crowd to its shabby-chic bars and appetizing. In recent years, the area around Canal Saint-Martin a the famous 19th-century waterway located in the 10th arrondissement, has been buzzing with many exciting openings and welcome additions to the neighborhood. It is safe to say that this part of the city has the most coffee shops and some of the best ! Ten Belles, Holybelly, Café Craft and Tuck Shop, just take your pick! Not only is this the best neighborhood to be in if you’re a coffee lover, foodies will fl
8342		Deux-pièces de 34 m² au 5e et dernier étage d'un immmeuble ancien, orienté plein sud. Situé dans une allée privée, à 2mn à pied de la place de la République, et à 5mn du canal St-Martin. Jolis vitraux aux fenêtres. Parfait pour un couple !
8343	This apartment is a small but cosy place, well-situated in the heart of Paris.  There is several groceries shops around and a lot of wonderful restaurants and cafés nearby.  If you feel like cooking at home, no problem. There is a fully equipped kitchen at your disposal.  There is also Wi-fi, a washing machine, and a beautiful balcony.  Believe me, you will feel right at home!	A perfect place for your stay in Paris! Small but cosy, this 2 rooms apartment has all the charm of Parisian life.  Very central location : 2mn walk from the metro and 5mn walk from the Canal St-Martin and the Place de la République.  This apartment is a small but cosy place, well-situated in the heart of Paris.  There is several groceries shops around and a lot of wonderful restaurants and cafés nearby.  If you feel like cooking at home, no problem. There is a fully equipped kitchen at your disposal.  There is also Wi-fi, a washing machine, and a beautiful balcony.  Believe me, you will feel right at home! I am available on my mobile phone if you have any problem or question. Metro: Jacques Bonsergent, line 5 (2 mn) ; Chateau d'eau, line 4 (5 mn) ; République, lines 3, 5, 8 and 9 (5mn). Be warned that I'm on the 5th floor, and that there is no elevator.
8344	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Canal St Martin neighborhood with this newly refurbished studio apartment. You will feel like a real Parisian enjoying the “lively and so parisian canal St Martin” atmosphere offering all the feelings you are expecting to get (excellent bakeries, bistrots, small food shops, arty and design shops…).  On the ground floor, you will enjoy the light all day long. 3’ away you will have the metro lines 5 connecting you to center in 15’ and giving you access to all the major attractions in less than 20/25’. Last but not least, the flat is very close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est railway station and RER B stops which will ease your travel times to/from the stations and airports. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will enjoy the large main room (20sqm) offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to help you cook your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction coo	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Canal St Martin neighborhood with this newly refurbished studio apartment. You will feel like a real Parisian enjoying the “lively and so parisian canal St Martin” atmosphere offering all the feelings you are expecting to get (excellent bakeries, bistrots, small food shops, arty and design shops…).  On the ground floor, you will enjoy the light all day long. 3’ away you will have the metro lines 5 connecting you to center in 15’ and giving you access to all the major attractions in less than 20/25’. Last but not least, the flat is very close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est railway station and RER B stops which will ease your travel times to/from the stations and airports. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will enjoy the large main room (20sqm) offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to help you cook your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction coo
8345	Cozy fully furnished studio of 33 m² in the downtown of Paris 10th on the 6th floor with a beautiful view on the Porte Saint-Denis	Cozy fully furnished studio of 25 m² in the downtown of Paris 10th on the 6th floor with a beautiful view on the Porte Saint-Denis (without lift). Cozy fully furnished studio of 33 m² in the downtown of Paris 10th on the 6th floor with a beautiful view on the Porte Saint-Denis
8346		Charmant appartement de 75m² dans le coeur de Paris (facile d'accès). Situé dans le quartier branché du 10ème arrondissement. Entièrement meublé : 2 chambres doubles , 1 salle à manger , 1 salon, cuisine équipé et une salle de bain confortable.
8347	Very spacious bright and calm 3 bedroom apartment including one child room (115 sq meters or 1240 sq foot)  It's on the first floor on the courtyard building so the apartment is very quiet even if the street is very animated (email hidden) is located in a street packed with numerous hype bars, trendy restaurants and very cute shops. The whole area is one of the most vibrant one in Paris, and has numerous stores open (email hidden)ere are numerous grocery stores, butchers, fishmongers and greengrocers less than 5 minute walk. The apartment itself has  - one master bedroom with queen size bed (1,60 meter width and 2 meters long) and 2 large closets with mirors - one child bedroom with a lot of storage space and a beautiful baby bed suitable for baby up to 3 years + all the equipment you would need for a baby (a baby chair, changing table, baby bathtub, etc...) - one extra bedroom with 1,40 meter width mezzanine bed and large wardrobe The main room his very spacious (63 sq meters or 680 s	Un sublime et très spacieux loft dans un quartier central et animé de Paris Very spacious bright and calm 3 bedroom apartment including one child room (115 sq meters or 1240 sq foot)  It's on the first floor on the courtyard building so the apartment is very quiet even if the street is very animated (email hidden) is located in a street packed with numerous hype bars, trendy restaurants and very cute shops. The whole area is one of the most vibrant one in Paris, and has numerous stores open (email hidden)ere are numerous grocery stores, butchers, fishmongers and greengrocers less than 5 minute walk. The apartment itself has  - one master bedroom with queen size bed (1,60 meter width and 2 meters long) and 2 large closets with mirors - one child bedroom with a lot of storage space and a beautiful baby bed suitable for baby up to 3 years + all the equipment you would need for a baby (a baby chair, changing table, baby bathtub, etc...) - one extra bedroom with 1,40 meter width mezzanine b
8348	Bel appartement 50m2 fraichement rénové tout confort, à 2 min du métro colonel fabien, et à 5 min à pied du canal st martin et parc des Buttes Chaumont dans le 10ème. Tout équipé, pratique, situation idéale pour découvrir Paris. Chambre confortable avec grand lit 160*200, et une grande armoire, volets électriques.  Dans le salon un canapé lit très facilement dépliable, une table réglable en hauteur, et une grande télévision. Connexion internet sans fil. Cuisine séparée entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, machine à laver, four, micro onde, plaques vitrocéramiques, frigo/congélateur, cafetière italienne. Salle de bain avec douche/baignoire et WC séparés.	Bel appartement 50m2 fraichement rénové tout confort 3ème étage, lumineux. A 2 min du métro Colonel Fabien, à 5 min à pied du canal st martin et parc des Buttes Chaumont dans le 10ème. Tout équipé, pratique, situation idéale pour découvrir Paris. Bel appartement 50m2 fraichement rénové tout confort, à 2 min du métro colonel fabien, et à 5 min à pied du canal st martin et parc des Buttes Chaumont dans le 10ème. Tout équipé, pratique, situation idéale pour découvrir Paris. Chambre confortable avec grand lit 160*200, et une grande armoire, volets électriques.  Dans le salon un canapé lit très facilement dépliable, une table réglable en hauteur, et une grande télévision. Connexion internet sans fil. Cuisine séparée entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, machine à laver, four, micro onde, plaques vitrocéramiques, frigo/congélateur, cafetière italienne. Salle de bain avec douche/baignoire et WC séparés. Métro Colonel Fabien Ligne 2 40min de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle en taxi ou RER. 50 min d
8349	" For rent apartment, located at 50 metres from the ""grands boulevards"", 200 metres from the Montorgueuil Street ( pedestrian street  with many shops), 10 minutes walk from the Royal Palace.    It is a studio, on the 4th floor of an 18th century building with 3 metres high celling and exposed beams.     You will especially appreciate its kitchen made of waxed concrete and its italian shower.      I will, of course, provide sheets and bath towels. I am availabe to answer any questions on Paris city you could have and you can take also advantage of my INTERNET connexion.     The apartment is on the 8 of Chenier street in the second arondisment.      Contact me ! It s a new experience for me to rent my apartment !!       I do not intend to household expenses because I trust my tenants. But the point must be made as clean as the tenant's arrival."	" For rent apartment, located at 50 metres from the ""grands boulevards"", 200 metres from the Montorgueuil Street ( pedestrian street  with many shops), 10 minutes walk from the Royal Palace.    It is a studio, on the 4th floor of an 18th century building with 3 metres high celling and exposed beams.     You will especially appreciate its kitchen made of waxed concrete and its italian shower.      I will, of course, provide sheets and bath towels. I am availabe to answer any questions on Paris city you could have and you can take also advantage of my INTERNET connexion.     The apartment is on the 8 of Chenier street in the second arondisment.      Contact me ! It s a new experience for me to rent my apartment !!       I do not intend to household expenses because I trust my tenants. But the point must be made as clean as the tenant's arrival."
8350	Très bien situé et très calme (2ème cour).	Jolie chambre privée de 10m2 avec lit double, dans un appartement (45m2) ensoleillé, au 4ème étage sur cour.      Jeune couple de trentenaires, nous vous accueillons ! Très bien situé et très calme (2ème cour). Salle de bain avec douche, WC, Cuisine équipée  Wifi Toujours prêts à renseigner sur les choses à visiter, donner des conseils pour les transports, etc. Métro 4, 5, 7, 8 et 9 à proximité  Bus 20, 38, 39 et 47 à proximité  Facile d'accès de CDG par le RER B Petit-déjeuners inclus.
8351	We have three double rooms to rent in our 120m2 appartment. It's a bed and beakfast place. We are leaving in the flat too but we have an independant bathroom and toilet, we only share the main room and kitchen were you take your breakfast… 	"We rent 3 rooms in a very nice 120 meter square appartment. The breakfast and the towels are included in the price. It's close to the Canal St Martin.  You take your breakfast in the ""red"" kitchen We have three double rooms to rent in our 120m2 appartment. It's a bed and beakfast place. We are leaving in the flat too but we have an independant bathroom and toilet, we only share the main room and kitchen were you take your breakfast…  Free wifi Toilet separated Common bathroom for the guests We like to help visitors. We give some advise to visit monuments, exhitions and also for little restaurants in the area We are in a popular area very close, by metro, to Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou) modern art museum or the Sacré cœur... We are between the ""Canal St Martin"" and ""Oberkampf"" We are close to the métros Goncourt (ligne 11) et Belleville (lignes 2 et 11). Towels are giving to the hosts"
8352	I'm renting a comfortable bedroom. The kitchen is not available for our guests but I provide coffee and tea in the morning. It is located in a nice and quiet area with restaurants and bars. The canal Saint Martin is now the favorite spot for parisian picnics. It's not very far from the center of Paris (20 minutes on foot) and there's a lot of metros (at place de la République nearby). Parking is free in august.	I'm renting a comfortable bedroom. The kitchen is not available for our guests but I provide coffee and tea in the morning. It is located in a nice and quiet area with restaurants and bars. The canal Saint Martin is now the favorite spot for parisian picnics. It's not very far from the center of Paris (20 minutes on foot) and there's a lot of metros (at place de la République nearby). Parking is free in august.
8353	"Appartement très agréable à vivre et très calme. Situé dans un des quartiers ""montant"" de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied du centre ville (1er arrondissement). Beautiful loft of 60m2, very bright with light oak parquet and large bay windows. On the second floor, accessible by a large staircase very easy to mount, located on a very quiet courtyard! The apartment is equipped with care and offers a quality service: Separate bedroom with a double bed 1,60 m wide, a living room with a comfortable sofa bed in white leather 1, 60m wide, dining room for 6 people, large wall TV, music, Wifi ... Pretty bath room, walk-in enameled shower, nice kitchen, good household equipment. La totalité de l'appartement est disponible aux voyageurs. Accueil est fait par le propriétaire ou par la personne en charge de la préparation de l'appartement, si le propriétaire n'est pas disponible, il reste joignable par téléphone. The area near the center of the walking tour allows many sites to see! Theaters and Folies Be"	"Appartement très agréable à vivre et très calme. Situé dans un des quartiers ""montant"" de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied du centre ville (1er arrondissement). Appartement très agréable à vivre et très calme. Situé dans un des quartiers ""montant"" de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied du centre ville (1er arrondissement). Beautiful loft of 60m2, very bright with light oak parquet and large bay windows. On the second floor, accessible by a large staircase very easy to mount, located on a very quiet courtyard! The apartment is equipped with care and offers a quality service: Separate bedroom with a double bed 1,60 m wide, a living room with a comfortable sofa bed in white leather 1, 60m wide, dining room for 6 people, large wall TV, music, Wifi ... Pretty bath room, walk-in enameled shower, nice kitchen, good household equipment. La totalité de l'appartement est disponible aux voyageurs. Accueil est fait par le propriétaire ou par la personne en charge de la préparation de l'appartement, si le proprié"
8354		Private bedroom in newly furbished apartment, only 30 seconds to chic Canal Saint Martin near Republique. Served by Metro line 3, 5, 8, 9, 11, under 20 minutes to all central sites. You will love this place-- perfect for sight seeing or going out!
8355	Flat 32 m2, perfect for a couple, a family or friends, full of light, in a perfect state, 2 places bed + one convertible couch (2 places), one bathroom with a bath + wash machine, one fully equiped kitchen. The flat at the second floor of a building with elevators is located at the heart of a very attractive location : close to the canal Saint Martin, the amazing parc des Buttes Chaumont and the parc de la Vilette where there are many rooms to listen music and many activities for children. It's very lovely to walk around the neighbourhood. There are also numerous bars, restaurants, venues and cinemas. close to the metro : -Louis Blanc (line 7) -Colonel Fabien (line 2) -Jaures (line 2 and 5) -the flat is totaly renovated and fully equiped. Very pleasant for a short or long stay in Paris.	Flat 32 m2, perfect for a family, a couple or friends, full of light, in a perfect state, 2 places bed + one convertible couch (2 places), one bathroom with a bath + wash machine, one fully equiped kitchen, in a great attractive location. Flat 32 m2, perfect for a couple, a family or friends, full of light, in a perfect state, 2 places bed + one convertible couch (2 places), one bathroom with a bath + wash machine, one fully equiped kitchen. The flat at the second floor of a building with elevators is located at the heart of a very attractive location : close to the canal Saint Martin, the amazing parc des Buttes Chaumont and the parc de la Vilette where there are many rooms to listen music and many activities for children. It's very lovely to walk around the neighbourhood. There are also numerous bars, restaurants, venues and cinemas. close to the metro : -Louis Blanc (line 7) -Colonel Fabien (line 2) -Jaures (line 2 and 5) -the flat is totaly renovated and fully equiped. Very pleasan
8356	Le canapé-lit pour vous se situe à proximité de mon propre lit. 	Je vous accueille dans mon appartement de 25m2 situé dans le 10 éme arrondissement de Paris, à 100m des quais de Loire et de Seine (et ses cinémas), à 500m du parc de la Villette et des Buttes Chaumont... Un canapé lit 2 places est disponible ainsi qu'une cuisine équipée d'un micro onde, de deux plaques électriques. la vaisselle est à votre disposition. La salle de bain est (website hidden) serai disponible pour vous informer et vous accueillir. Je suis journaliste dans le cinéma. Je serais bien évidement très discret durant votre séjour, afin que vous puissiez bénéficier de calme et de paix.
8357	Summary : - 67 square meters apartment on the 3rd floor, - Southeast orientation. The apartment overlooks a quiet street and a courtyard. - Central heating. - Internet access . - Clean linen and towels provided (bed sheets and bath towels). - Maximum capacity : six people. Please note that the apartment is not practical to accommodate babies or children under six. 1. Living room : - Large south facing room, - Two large windows, one fireplace and two mirrors, - one comfortable double sofa bed, - 4 chairs and a stool, - one old dresser. 2.  Kitchen : - full equipped kitchen with hob and oven, coffee maker, toaster, pots and pans, cutlery , crockery, glassware, large fridge and freezer, dishwasher, - window overlooking the courtyard, - work plan. 3.  Two double, King size bedrooms :  The two chambers are separated by a corridor. First Room: - 13 square meters, - one double bed ( 140 x 200), - bedsides tables, - one window overlooking Maubeuge Street, - one dealing with clothing, - one ant	Very lovely 2 bedroom Parisian apartment (hardwood floors, moldings, fireplace), bright and comfortable set on a quiet street just near the Eurostar, Thalys. 20 minutes walk from Montmartre and 25 minutes walk from Grands Magasins. Summary : - 67 square meters apartment on the 3rd floor, - Southeast orientation. The apartment overlooks a quiet street and a courtyard. - Central heating. - Internet access . - Clean linen and towels provided (bed sheets and bath towels). - Maximum capacity : six people. Please note that the apartment is not practical to accommodate babies or children under six. 1. Living room : - Large south facing room, - Two large windows, one fireplace and two mirrors, - one comfortable double sofa bed, - 4 chairs and a stool, - one old dresser. 2.  Kitchen : - full equipped kitchen with hob and oven, coffee maker, toaster, pots and pans, cutlery , crockery, glassware, large fridge and freezer, dishwasher, - window overlooking the courtyard, - work plan. 3.  Two double
8358		The studio is located in the heart of the very popular and trendy neighborhood of the Canal Saint Martin. It is five minutes walk from the Buttes Chaumont Park. You are sourrounded by food at all range prices and food from all over the world.
8359	落地窗, 空間採光充足 廚房採用電磁爐+烤箱, 冰箱, 茶與咖啡自由運用 免費無線wifi網路和筆電可以使用 附設120伏特的插座 	位於巴黎第10區,公寓在1樓採光充足, 治安良好, 離地鐵7線Louis Blanc只有200公尺 周邊機能良好: 有超市,魚舖, 肉店, 有機店, 水果店, 藥局及郵局 另外, 步行250公尺即可到聖馬丁運河散步, 周邊還有數間餐廳 地鐵直達拉法葉百貨及巴黎歌劇院 
8360	Large and comfortable 60 m2 ( 650 sqft ) Parisian Haussmann style apartment , featuring a 3.40 m (11 feet) high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and large fireplaces. You'll find more detailed information here : d a v i d s f l a t . f r e e . f r The apartment looks onto a bright and quiet private courtyard where you only hear birds singing! It is at the 2nd French floor (called noble floor) of a secured building with 2 digicodes and a janitor. It has been fully renovated recently and is very clean. The apartment is in a very convenient location at the heart of a major and central public transportation node in Paris, making it the perfect base location for visiting Paris ! You will be 2 minutes walking distance from 4 metro lines, 4 Velib stations, and 20 bus lines, you're within reach of any touristic site in Paris in the blink of an eye, less than 10 minutes away from : Le Marais, Les Halles, Opera, Notre-Dame, Le Louvre, Ile Saint-Louis, Quartier Latin, S	"My calendar is always up to date so you can ""instant book"" directly ! Classy Parisian apartment, featuring high ceilings, hardwood floor, huge windows and fireplaces. I'm out all day and most evenings so you have the whole apartment for yourself ;) Large and comfortable 60 m2 ( 650 sqft ) Parisian Haussmann style apartment , featuring a 3.40 m (11 feet) high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and large fireplaces. You'll find more detailed information here : d a v i d s f l a t . f r e e . f r The apartment looks onto a bright and quiet private courtyard where you only hear birds singing! It is at the 2nd French floor (called noble floor) of a secured building with 2 digicodes and a janitor. It has been fully renovated recently and is very clean. The apartment is in a very convenient location at the heart of a major and central public transportation node in Paris, making it the perfect base location for visiting Paris ! You will be 2 minutes walking distance fr"
8361		Located in the charming neighbourhood of Canal St Martin, situated in central Paris, this two rooms apartment will offer you a real Parisian expérience.
8362	We have a bedroom with a nice single bed and a double bed in the living room. We have a small kitchen and a bathroom with a shower. 	I have an apartment with with my roommate. We are both writers and academics living above the canal with enough books to last a lifetime. We are leaving Paris from the 31st of March to the 9th of April. We offer a discount if you stay for those days. We have a bedroom with a nice single bed and a double bed in the living room. We have a small kitchen and a bathroom with a shower.  The apartment is near some of the best cafes along the canal. You can walk into the center of the city or take the metro which is located right across the street. There is a bike if you want to use it too. 
8363	A very bright loft in the city center of Paris. One of the most atmospheric area in the entire city. 5 persons welcomed.	Sunny and very calm and loft in a typical bohemian and lively area “Canal St Martin”, in the heart of Paris. Cosy atmosphere offering everything to relax after a day of touring around in the city A very bright loft in the city center of Paris. One of the most atmospheric area in the entire city. 5 persons welcomed. Flexible check in, check out can be organized if it's possible. Easy contact through e-mailing Residential and trendy / lively area “Canal St Martin”, ideally located in the heart of Paris, Le Marais with its museums, Place de la République, and two railway stations: Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est.  About 50mn taxi from Orly or Roissy airport. Easy to access from Gare du Nord with RER + about 20mn's walk. Parkings and Parking spaces nearby. Bike rental nearby (Velib' station) Disabled access (one bedroom + bathroom and toilet on the ground floor)
8364	Lovely one bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris, near the trendy, up-and-coming rue du Faubourg Saint Denis. It's both very bright, with sunlight in the bedroom in the morning and in the living room in the afternoon, and very quiet, as the apartment lies within a large courtyard. It was entirely renovated in summer 2012. Beautiful hardwood floors, chimney. Open, fully equiped kitchen. Large, walk-in shower. Washing machine. Internet (WIFI). Hairdryer. Iron. It's a 5th floor walk-up, but the light makes it worth it! Very safe, friendly building. Janitor couple takes care of the building. Entrance code, interphone. 	Lovely, sunny, one bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris, near the trendy, up-and-coming rue du Faubourg Saint Denis, and walking distance (5-10 minutes) from République, the Marais, the Centre Georges Pompidou, and the Canal Saint Martin. Lovely one bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris, near the trendy, up-and-coming rue du Faubourg Saint Denis. It's both very bright, with sunlight in the bedroom in the morning and in the living room in the afternoon, and very quiet, as the apartment lies within a large courtyard. It was entirely renovated in summer 2012. Beautiful hardwood floors, chimney. Open, fully equiped kitchen. Large, walk-in shower. Washing machine. Internet (WIFI). Hairdryer. Iron. It's a 5th floor walk-up, but the light makes it worth it! Very safe, friendly building. Janitor couple takes care of the building. Entrance code, interphone. The neighboring rue du Faubourg Saint Denis is full of coffee shops, food stores (including the famous, delicious Julhès), restaurants
8365		Amazing space of 78 sq. meters in a period style building with 3 door-windows opening on a flowered balcony with a view of the Porte St Denis, in the 2nd district, 10 minutes walk from the Marais and Montorgueil area, an authentic Paris area!
8366	Appartement confortable et lumineux qui dispose : - d'une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse : parquet au sol, canapé d'angle convertible, table basse, TV, table à manger et chaises... - d'une cuisine entièrement équipée : frigo, four, plaques à induction, micro-ondes, lave vaisselle... - d'une salle de bain avec WC, cabine de douche, machine à laver et sèche cheveux...	Proche du canal Saint-Martin, au sein d'un quartier très vivant  et central, ce charmant studio est l'endroit idéal pour votre prochain séjour à Paris. Appartement confortable et lumineux qui dispose : - d'une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse : parquet au sol, canapé d'angle convertible, table basse, TV, table à manger et chaises... - d'une cuisine entièrement équipée : frigo, four, plaques à induction, micro-ondes, lave vaisselle... - d'une salle de bain avec WC, cabine de douche, machine à laver et sèche cheveux... Accès Wifi, TV avec Canal+ Draps et serviettes fournis. Nous ferons tout pour vous faciliter votre séjour et vous guider en fonction de vos centres d'intérêt : bons plans restaurants, bars... Le quartier est un nouveau lieu à la mode et dispose de très nombreux restaurants et cafés branchés. Il y a en pour tout les goûts et tous les budgets. Le canal Saint Martin est à 5 minutes à pied.  Le centre historique et le quartier du Marais sont à 15 minutes à pied.  Le parc des But
8367		Chambre charmante et calme dans un appartement lumineux avec balcon. Possibilité d'avoir accès au salon et bien entendu à la cuisine et salle de bain. Parfait pour voyageurs, moins de 5 minutes de la gare du Nord (RER B)et de la gare de L'Est.
8368	Sunny and Extremly Silent, 5mn Walking to the Canal and 4 Station aways from central All Paris Beautiful Duplex Renovated in 2013, the top of Chateau Landon, private hotel with 18 century courtyard. Apartment very quiet and sunny all day, with 180 degree views not overlooked the rooftops of Paris.	Beautiful Duplex Renovated in 2013,on the top of Chateau Landon, private hotel with 18 century courtyard. Apartment very quiet and sunny all day, with 180 degree views overlooking the rooftops of Paris. Very Quiet and Sunny ... Must See ! U welcome.. Sunny and Extremly Silent, 5mn Walking to the Canal and 4 Station aways from central All Paris Beautiful Duplex Renovated in 2013, the top of Chateau Landon, private hotel with 18 century courtyard. Apartment very quiet and sunny all day, with 180 degree views not overlooked the rooftops of Paris.
8369		Beau t1 de 25m2 avec balcon donnant sur jardin. Tout équipée, il est situé à 2 minutes du canal St-Martin, 10 minutes du centre, 5 minutes du parc Buttes Chaumont, 10 minutes du Sacrée cœur, 10 minutes de la Philarmonie. A bientôt. Ligne 2 Colonel Fabien
8370	Spacious apartment, high ceiling, hardwood floor, many windows, in classic XIXth century parisian building.	- big 18m2 double bedroom, quiet, large window on courtyard. good privacy (opposite end of the flat) - apartment shared with 2 girls (25s). hardwood floor high ceiling minimal decoration -central, lots of trendy bars, restaurants, food shops around Spacious apartment, high ceiling, hardwood floor, many windows, in classic XIXth century parisian building. Bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, separate toilet, kitchen, around a central hallway. 2 flatmates (2 english speaking girls in their late 20's) working full time during the day, often out in the evening. Very central location, easy access to all sights and areas. Lots of trendy bars and restaurants, in the street (Nanashi, Le Fantome, Comptoir Urbain, Le Paradis...) and the surrounding area (Le Bonne Nouvelle, Big Fernand, PNY...) . Between lively rue du Faubourg Saint Denis and rue du Faubourg Poissonière and their independant food stores (like boulangerie Julhès) and supermarkets. Metro stations nearby: Poissonière (line 7), Ch
8371	Logement très central dans un quartier vivant à proximité des lieux culturels, magasins, bars, restaurants et lieux de festivités Appartement très calme dans une rue animée, pas de vis-à-vis, refait à neuf Idéal pour personne seule ou couple This bright, renovated & fully equiped flat is located at the very center of Paris. The building is extremely quiet and without vis-a-vis. Close to restaurants, bars, clubs and cultural places. Perfect for couples or single person. 3rd floor	Logement très central dans un quartier vivant à proximité des lieux culturels, magasins, bars, restaurants et lieux de festivités Appartement très calme dans une rue animée, pas de vis-à-vis, refait à neuf Idéal pour personne seule ou couple This bright, renovated & fully equiped flat is located at the very center of Paris. The building is extremely quiet and without vis-a-vis. Close to restaurants, bars, clubs and cultural places. Perfect for couples or single person. 3rd floor Flat with internet, kitchen fully equiped, Hoven, fridge, living room, desk, bed, sofa, bathroom L'appartement comprend internet, cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain, salle de séjour / chambre, bureau Les restaurants, les bars, la proximité avec tous les quartiers et lieux intéressants de Paris Métro 
8372	l'Appartement est au 2ème étage d'un immeuble ancien . Il n'y a que 2 appartements dans le bâtiment . Il bénéficie d'une entrée privative avec des rangements. Une pièce principale avec 2 vrais lits .                Clair et calme. Une kitchenette équipée.  Une vaste salle de bain avec W.C.  Les draps et les serviettes de toilettes sont fournis .Sèche cheveux fourni.	"l'Appartement est au 2ème étage d'un immeuble ancien . Il n'y a que 2 appartements dans le bâtiment . Il bénéficie d'une entrée privative avec des rangements. Une pièce principale avec 2 vrais lits .                Clair et calme. Une kitchenette équipée.  Une vaste salle de bain avec W.C.  Les draps et les serviettes de toilettes sont fournis .Sèche cheveux fourni. Accès  gratuit Internet wifi  et TV  Nous échangerons lors de l'accueil des voyageurs . Je leur communiquerai les bonnes adresses,les boutiques à découvrir et les astuces parisiennes. La quartier est animé, à 2 minutes du Canal Saint Martin, très parisien .Vous y trouverez des  bons restaurants, des bistrots branchés et des boutiques sympas . C'est un quartier coloré et décontracté où il est très agréable de s'y promener .  C'est "" The place to be"". Promenades le long du canal à pieds ou en vélo  Promenades en bateau sur le canal . Bus , 5 lignes de métro , Station République . Taxis et Velib place de La République . Gares "
8373		Cosy flat located next to Canal Saint-Martin, in the heart of the 10th « arrondissement ». Very nice and lively neighborhood, only 5-minute walk from République Square (metro) and Gare de l’Est railway station. Subway 5, station Jacques Bonsergent Bus 65, station Jacques Bonsergent The apartment is very close to République and Gare de l'Est, 10 minutes on foot.
8374	This apartment was a real crush for its breathtaking view and its big kitchen where we can throw dinners with our friends.  The bathroom has been remodeled last summer, as all the paintings. Don't worry about the glass that separate the bathroom from the living-room, a curtain is available ! The apartment is on the 7th floor (with elevator) and the neighbors are nice and quiet. L'appartement est au 7e étage (avec ascenseur), les voisins sont très calmes.	1BD apartment with full equipped kitchen aside.  Situated in a great district, near Canal Saint Martin.  A cat lives here (Goya is a very cool and quiet cat). We love our place and we are delighted to share this amazing view with you !  This apartment was a real crush for its breathtaking view and its big kitchen where we can throw dinners with our friends.  The bathroom has been remodeled last summer, as all the paintings. Don't worry about the glass that separate the bathroom from the living-room, a curtain is available ! The apartment is on the 7th floor (with elevator) and the neighbors are nice and quiet. L'appartement est au 7e étage (avec ascenseur), les voisins sont très calmes. You'll have access to all housing, we'll be absent during your stay. Only Goya , our 3 yo cat, will keep you company (all it takes is cat food to get all the cuddles) . The kitchen is fully equipped (including dishwasher) and a washer dryer is in the bathroom. You can enjoy the TV (Canal + included) , D
8375	Clair et spacieux. Environnement calme. Actuellement travaux de peinture de l'escalier, mais ascenseur.	Clair et spacieux. Environnement calme. Actuellement travaux de peinture de l'escalier, mais ascenseur. Lave vaisselle, four multifonction, cafetière Senseo TV grand écran Canal +  Wifi (Résidence principale du propriétaire, 2 pièces non accessibles) Nous serons absents, mais suivant heure d'arrivée ou départ nous nous croiserons. Rue commerçante (superettes, restaurants, boulangeries, vêtements, etc...)  Promenades le long du canal, proche grands boulevards et théâtres metro  3, 5, 8, 9,11 bus (phone number hidden) Station Vélib au pied de l'immeuble. Gare de l'Est 10mn ,  gare du Nord (RER B,D) -20 mn Roissy CDG par RER B  Orly par Orlybus Denfert Rochereau Le propriétaire possède un chien. Il peut rester quelques poils au sol.(Le chien ne monte pas sur les meubles)
8376	Chambre équipée lit double dans un vaste appartement familial moderne (120 m2) avec balcon. L'appartement est situé au 6e étage, très calme. Un grand salon équipé d'un ordinateur à dispo vous accueille.	chambre double privée à louer dans un appartement familial moderne, calme, situé dans un quartier animé et central (nombreux restaurants). Grand salon équipé d'un ordinateur à dispo, cuisine, salle de bain et salle de douche à partager. Chambre équipée lit double dans un vaste appartement familial moderne (120 m2) avec balcon. L'appartement est situé au 6e étage, très calme. Un grand salon équipé d'un ordinateur à dispo vous accueille. Accès à la cuisine, salon, ordinateur, balcon. N'hésitez pas à demander de l'aide ou  des informations sur le quartier, sur Paris ou les spectacles en cours ! Situé dans le Xe arrondissement en plein cœur de Paris. 5mn en métro des halles, 15mn de Saint-Germain. Nombreuses stations Vélib autour. Trois stations de métro : Chateau d'eau, Gare de l'Est, Strasbourg-Saint-Denis. Nombreux bus. Proche Gare de l'est et Gare du Nord. N'hésitez pas à utiliser la cuisine pour vos repas ! Location 3 jours d'affilé minimum.
8377	Rez de chaussée accessible mobilité réduite, lumineux, original, tout confort, situé au cœur du quartier Canal St Martin République Accès Parking possible avec supplément	2 pièces, briques apparentes sous verrière, dans cour arborée à 2 pas du métro et du canal (proche République) Peut loger 2 à 4 personnes (1 chambre+1 canapé lit dans salon)  Cuisine équipée, grande salle de bain avec lave linge Super quartier ! Rez de chaussée accessible mobilité réduite, lumineux, original, tout confort, situé au cœur du quartier Canal St Martin République Accès Parking possible avec supplément Internet fibre, TV, Téléphone, cuisine tout confort, salle de bain spacieuse. Livres, jouets recevoir leurs avis sur mon appartement, leurs impressions sur leur séjour...
8378	Sometimes in the morning we hear the seagulls... 6th floor without elevator, facing south-west so very sunny throughout the day ! Ideal for 2 travelers. 	Big living room with open kitchen and a bed for 2, full of light and pleasant. Family area, full of good restaurants ! Sometimes in the morning we hear the seagulls... 6th floor without elevator, facing south-west so very sunny throughout the day ! Ideal for 2 travelers.  Living area : bed for 2, wired internet, speakers, comics :) Open kitchen : kettle, 1 gas hob, electric oven, fridge. Shower room : homemade soap, WC, washing machine. A room is locked.  We put at your disposal our apartment when we're not there, so we'll be in contact only via the internet and telephone, unless you arrive the day we leave ! A Great-Neighbor will welcome you, you gain on the exchange :) It's a lively, family, full of good restaurants, bars and grocery shops area. Beautiful walk to do all along the canal as far as la Villette ! The swimming pool is 2 minutes, there is a small market on Sunday morning. It is also close to the Buttes Chaumont, the Oberkampf area for concerts in bars, Belleville for the m
8379	small artistic loft  in the bohemian spirit deep in a quiet and welcoming courtyard, romantic and funky atmosphere.  Parisian bohemian district with many bars restaurant very fashion style 	"small artistique and bohemian loft in a lovely quiet area courtyard with a central localisation  and very fashionable, a short walk from there de l'est  Station and gare du nord station. small artistic loft  in the bohemian spirit deep in a quiet and welcoming courtyard, romantic and funky atmosphere.  Parisian bohemian district with many bars restaurant very fashion style 5 min walk from the ""Gare de l'est"" Station, 10 minutes from the ""Gare du Nord""  or subway 4 whit a stop to ""chateau d'eau""  we will be happy to share with you this truly unique apartment, between  skateboarding table and hold dentist furniture. We will keep at your disposal our lists of retaurants, bars and favorite fashion stores. Parisian bohemian neighborhood with many of the most surprising bars and restaurant.  popular and very close to the center of paris and the fashion's districts, ""le canal st martin ""and ""le Marais"" 5 min walk from the ""Gare de l'est"" Station, 10 minutes from the ""Gare du Nord""  or subway "
8380	A deux pas de la place de la République (lignes de métro 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11) et à un cinq minutes à pied du Canal Saint Martin, l’appartement de 30m2 est situé en plein centre de Paris. Les quartiers des Grands Boulevards, Marais et Châtelet sont facilement accessibles à pied. Idéal pour un séjour à deux, en amoureux ou entre amis. L’appartement très lumineux et chaleureux, a été refait à neuf début 2014. Vous disposerez d'une cuisine équipée, d'Internet, lave-linge, et aurez à disposition le linge de maison nécessaire (draps, linge de toilette). Vie de quartier très active, de nombreux restaurants, magasins et bars, un supermarché au pied de l'immeuble.	"Appartement deux pièces de 30m2 situé en plein centre de Paris. A 5min à pied du Canal St Martin et à 10min à pied des quartiers des Grands Boulevards, Marais et Châtelet. Entièrement refait à neuf au début de l'année 2014 et entièrement équipé.   A deux pas de la place de la République (lignes de métro 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11) et à un cinq minutes à pied du Canal Saint Martin, l’appartement de 30m2 est situé en plein centre de Paris. Les quartiers des Grands Boulevards, Marais et Châtelet sont facilement accessibles à pied. Idéal pour un séjour à deux, en amoureux ou entre amis. L’appartement très lumineux et chaleureux, a été refait à neuf début 2014. Vous disposerez d'une cuisine équipée, d'Internet, lave-linge, et aurez à disposition le linge de maison nécessaire (draps, linge de toilette). Vie de quartier très active, de nombreux restaurants, magasins et bars, un supermarché au pied de l'immeuble. Le métro le plus proche est ""jacques bonsergent"" mais la station ""république"" avec beaucoup"
8381	Located on the 5th floor (no elevator), this 2-room appartment offers a nice and very clear living room with 2 easy chairs to enjoy reading and music.  You can cook any of your favorite dishes in the full equipped kitchen and use the bedroom tatami space to relax, stretch or meditate. With its nice Parisian old style wood floor, the apartment is surrounded by 2 privates square and is therefore very quiet and you can enjoy very high speed optic fiber Internet connection.	Totally renovated, this nice 30m2 flat is perfect for short stays in Paris, enjoying one of the most fashionable area in town. Bedroom comes with comfy futon and tatami (Japanese bed), small but convenient&equipped kitchen. Clear&quiet place. Located on the 5th floor (no elevator), this 2-room appartment offers a nice and very clear living room with 2 easy chairs to enjoy reading and music.  You can cook any of your favorite dishes in the full equipped kitchen and use the bedroom tatami space to relax, stretch or meditate. With its nice Parisian old style wood floor, the apartment is surrounded by 2 privates square and is therefore very quiet and you can enjoy very high speed optic fiber Internet connection.
8382	Superb large 146 m2 duplex 3BR apartment, consisting of: Large double-living, fully furnished separate kitchen, 2 reals bedrooms + 1 alcove bedroom, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, long balcony. Located near Metro Gare de l'Est, At 5th floor WITH Elevator.	Superb large 146 m2 duplex 3BR apartment, consisting of: Large double-living, fully furnished separate kitchen, 2 reals bedrooms + 1 alcove bedroom, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, long balcony. Located near Metro Gare de l'Est, At 5th floor WITH Elevator. Superb large 146 m2 duplex 3BR apartment, consisting of: Large double-living, fully furnished separate kitchen, 2 reals bedrooms + 1 alcove bedroom, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, long balcony. Located near Metro Gare de l'Est, At 5th floor WITH Elevator. Many quality groceries, shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhood. Historical area of Paris, bohemian and lively. Between Canal Saint-Martin and Grand Boulevards area. Metro / RER / Bus Gare de l'Est Easy accès to airports & Paris main spots 
8383	Between Montmartre & Canal St Martin, 15mn by foot from SoPi & the very center of Paris you will be imediatly at home coming from all the train stations & the airports, most of it you'll be imediatly everywhere in Paris in 30mn maximum. Come to spend delicious time in a comfortable family flat. 1 bedroom is waiting for you,  with large double beds (140) and a personnal shower.  A full furbished kitchen for all your meals (if you want so !)and plenty of french cooking books  to entertain yourself ! You will enjoy your meal in the big dinning room, and enjoy more to have a rest in the living room with a big TV, HiFi everywhere and a large couch. You'll find a place for your laptop, but if you don't want to bring it, no problem ! a big computer is also on your disposal, wifi everywhere, of course. We will be there to provide you all the advices you need to spend a memorable time in Paris, and of course help if you need. We will left you adresses of all the cool places we love around to ma	Beautifull, typical parisian 100m2 flat between Montmartre & canal St Martin fully furbished. Between Montmartre & Canal St Martin, 15mn by foot from SoPi & the very center of Paris you will be imediatly at home coming from all the train stations & the airports, most of it you'll be imediatly everywhere in Paris in 30mn maximum. Come to spend delicious time in a comfortable family flat. 1 bedroom is waiting for you,  with large double beds (140) and a personnal shower.  A full furbished kitchen for all your meals (if you want so !)and plenty of french cooking books  to entertain yourself ! You will enjoy your meal in the big dinning room, and enjoy more to have a rest in the living room with a big TV, HiFi everywhere and a large couch. You'll find a place for your laptop, but if you don't want to bring it, no problem ! a big computer is also on your disposal, wifi everywhere, of course. We will be there to provide you all the advices you need to spend a memorable time in Paris, and of 
8384	il est très bien situé et calme avec double vitrage, il possède du cachet par ses poutres apparentes et est entièrement refait à neuf. Il est également très fonctionnel avec tout ce qu'il faut pour se préparer à manger et accéder à internet.	"Appartement pour 4 personnes situé à 2 minutes des Grands Boulevards et du métro Bonne Nouvelle dans le centre de Paris, situé au premier étage. Canapé lit dans le salon et chambre séparée avec lit double, cuisine avec bar, salle de bain et toilettes séparés. il est très bien situé et calme avec double vitrage, il possède du cachet par ses poutres apparentes et est entièrement refait à neuf. Il est également très fonctionnel avec tout ce qu'il faut pour se préparer à manger et accéder à internet. Canapé lit, salle de bain, chambre, cuisine, internet.. Le logement tout entier est accessible aux voyageurs. Nous pouvons échanger par mail, téléphone... Le logement est très bien situé, à deux pas des Grands Boulevards où nombre de commerces, bars et restaurants sont présents. L'appartement est calme mais le quartier aux alentours est un quartier très animé et central.  Station de métro la plus proche : ""Bonne Nouvelle"" puis ""Strasbourg Saint Denis"", ""Sentier"", ""Grands Boulevards""... Lignes "
8385		Typical two-room flat a few steps away from the Canal Saint-Martin and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont in the 10th arrondissement. Easy access to several metro lines and less than 10 minutes away on foot from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est.
8386	Le loft de 62 m2 offre tous les services nécessaires pour un séjour réussi au cœur de la capitale. Il permet d'accueillir jusqu'à 6 voyageurs dans un ancien atelier entièrement rénové qui est isolé en fond de cour. 	Charmant loft situé au centre de Paris à côté de la gare de l'est, de la gare du nord et à 10 mn de métro du centre historique.  Situé au fond d'une cour, le loft bénéficie d'un calme magique au cœur d'un quartier animé où rien ne manque.    Le loft de 62 m2 offre tous les services nécessaires pour un séjour réussi au cœur de la capitale. Il permet d'accueillir jusqu'à 6 voyageurs dans un ancien atelier entièrement rénové qui est isolé en fond de cour.  Les voyageurs ont accès à l'intégralité du logement composé d'une grande pièce principale avec mezzanine, d'une cuisine spacieuse et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Le salon possède deux canapés convertibles de qualité (matelas Bultex). La cuisine lumineuse grâce à sa grande vitre et son velux est équipée entre autre d'un lave vaisselle, d'un four traditionnel, d'une machine Nespresso. Vous pourrez également utiliser le wifi, la machine à laver, la télévision écran plat ainsi que la table de jardin qui permet de prendre un café enso
8387	Enjoy your stay in Paris like a real Parisian by choosing a luxury equipped apartment rental in the heart of Paris. In this beautiful 25 M² apartment,  located rue Beauregard, in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, you will enjoy the neighbourhood. One of the best places to get an impression of “old Paris” is rue Montorgueil, Paris’s oldest market street. As ever, this delightful, grey-tiled street is lined with fruit/vegetable markets, famous restaurants, quaint cafés, bakeries, cheese shops, wine shops, butchers, fishmongers. You may feel transported in time as you stroll in this lovely, authentic and pedestrian area of Paris, in the centre of the city.  You will be at walking distance from the Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Notre Dame, as well as Le Marais & the Latin Quarter, les Champs Elysées… Since we are parisian, we will indicate you all the good shopping deals and place to go in Paris. Apartment description :  - 1st floor in a very quiet street, facing the shortest street of Paris	Enjoy your stay in Paris like a real Parisian by choosing a luxury equipped apartment rental in the heart of Paris. In this beautiful 25 M² apartment,  located rue Beauregard, in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, you will enjoy the neighbourhood. One of the best places to get an impression of “old Paris” is rue Montorgueil, Paris’s oldest market street. As ever, this delightful, grey-tiled street is lined with fruit/vegetable markets, famous restaurants, quaint cafés, bakeries, cheese shops, wine shops, butchers, fishmongers. You may feel transported in time as you stroll in this lovely, authentic and pedestrian area of Paris, in the centre of the city.  You will be at walking distance from the Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Notre Dame, as well as Le Marais & the Latin Quarter, les Champs Elysées… Since we are parisian, we will indicate you all the good shopping deals and place to go in Paris. Apartment description :  - 1st floor in a very quiet street, facing the shortest street of Paris
8388	Charmant, lumineux et très bien placé. Ce studio est idéal pour un couple. Logement entier, pas d'interdictions particulières.  Les voyageurs dispose entièrement du logement.  Je serais à leur disposition durant le séjour.  Quartier populaire et vivant dans le centre de paris. Il s'y trouve beaucoup de très bons restaurants ainsi que des bars très agréable. C'est le quartier idéal pour découvrir Paris. De très belles ballades à faire dans les environs. Arret de métro: Strasbourg Saint denis sur la ligne 8/ 9/ 4 ou Chateau d'eau sur la ligne 4 Logement entier, pas d'interdictions particulières.  Les voyageurs dispose entièrement du logement.  Je serais à leur disposition durant le séjour.  Quartier populaire et vivant dans le centre de paris. Il s'y trouve beaucoup de très bons restaurants ainsi que des bars très agréable. C'est le quartier idéal pour découvrir Paris. De très belles ballades à faire dans les environs. Arret de métro: Strasbourg Saint denis sur la ligne 8/ 9/ 4 ou Chatea	Charmant, lumineux et très bien placé. Ce studio est idéal pour un couple. Logement entier, pas d'interdictions particulières.  Les voyageurs dispose entièrement du logement.  Je serais à leur disposition durant le séjour.  Quartier populaire et vivant dans le centre de paris. Il s'y trouve beaucoup de très bons restaurants ainsi que des bars très agréable. C'est le quartier idéal pour découvrir Paris. De très belles ballades à faire dans les environs. Arret de métro: Strasbourg Saint denis sur la ligne 8/ 9/ 4 ou Chateau d'eau sur la ligne 4 Logement entier, pas d'interdictions particulières.  Les voyageurs dispose entièrement du logement.  Je serais à leur disposition durant le séjour.  Quartier populaire et vivant dans le centre de paris. Il s'y trouve beaucoup de très bons restaurants ainsi que des bars très agréable. C'est le quartier idéal pour découvrir Paris. De très belles ballades à faire dans les environs. Arret de métro: Strasbourg Saint denis sur la ligne 8/ 9/ 4 ou Chatea
8389	Deux pièces chaleureux et très lumineux de 45 m2, composé de : - 1 salon avec cuisine ouverte toute équipée (four, frigo, microondes, lave-vaisselle) avec canapé convertible (2 places) + TV, - 1 chambre avec lit double + rangements, - Salle de douche avec WC / lave-linge. 	Très lumineux deux pièces de 45m² composé d'une chambre et d'un salon avec cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée.  L'appartement est situé dans un quartier très vivant, sur la place sainte Marthe (cafés, restaurants, ateliers...). Deux pièces chaleureux et très lumineux de 45 m2, composé de : - 1 salon avec cuisine ouverte toute équipée (four, frigo, microondes, lave-vaisselle) avec canapé convertible (2 places) + TV, - 1 chambre avec lit double + rangements, - Salle de douche avec WC / lave-linge. Le quartier est très vivant, idéalement situé :  -  au cœur de la Place et la rue Sainte Marthe, charmantes et pleines de caractère, - à 3 minutes du Canal Saint Martin et de ses apèros les pieds dans l'eau, - à 5 minutes du quartier en vogue des ateliers de Belleville/Ménilmontant fort de sa mixité culturelle, - à 10 minutes du Parc des Buttes Chaumont parfait pour ses piqueniques ensoleillés et ses brunch familiaux. A proximité des stations de métro Belleville, Goncourt et Colonel Fabien, li
8390	"1 bedroom with a double bed, separated from the living room by a very beautiful glass wall.  A nice and wide living room, with a 3,40m ceiling height, a bright blue wall and a nice open kitchen.  Greats windows that gives light all day long !  Perfect for a couple or a 1-child-family (enough space to put a baby bed).  The location is really perfect : you're in the center of Paris !  if you like to walk, you can easily reach Place de la République, Canal St-Martin, Châtelet Les Halles, le Marais, Opéra, Les Grands Boulevards and Haussmann-Lafayette by walk,  or you will find tons of buses and subways lines nearby.  Even the ""Rive Gauche"" is not far if you take the subway, you can be at Saint-Germain-des-Prés in 15 minutes.  The apartment has so much style,  you wont forget it !! The area is really nice too,  this is the new trendy area in Paris, full of restaurants, bars and club.  You can also taste typical Indian Cuisine !! The area is famous for its indian restaurant, you will find t"	"An amazing apartment in the center of Paris !  Don't miss it when you come visiting our city !  72square meters flat fully equiped (wifi, oven, dishwasher, washing-machine), on the 2nd floor,in the most beautiful building of the street.  1 bedroom with a double bed, separated from the living room by a very beautiful glass wall.  A nice and wide living room, with a 3,40m ceiling height, a bright blue wall and a nice open kitchen.  Greats windows that gives light all day long !  Perfect for a couple or a 1-child-family (enough space to put a baby bed).  The location is really perfect : you're in the center of Paris !  if you like to walk, you can easily reach Place de la République, Canal St-Martin, Châtelet Les Halles, le Marais, Opéra, Les Grands Boulevards and Haussmann-Lafayette by walk,  or you will find tons of buses and subways lines nearby.  Even the ""Rive Gauche"" is not far if you take the subway, you can be at Saint-Germain-des-Prés in 15 minutes.  The apartment has so much sty"
8391	"I'm renting a very nice room un a spacious apartment shared with french roommates. This beautiful lodge is located in a very young, hype and trendy neighborhood.  5 minute walk from Canal Saint Martin, and the gorgeous brand new ""Place de la République"" inaugurated mid june. The appartment on the top floor (with elevator) of the building is really commodious in a great french style with four room, 2 upstairs and 2 downstairs. The room for rent is at the top floor. Beams, chimney, stone visible on a wall, authentic kitchen, bathroom with a shower.  Occupied by young (and beautiful) parisiens entrepreneurs in jewelry, art and law. The roommates (2 until July the 2nd and 3 after) are very welcoming and friendly. The top floor of the apartment is surrounded by natural light from a fanlight who display a great vue on Paris. There you have two desks with a open dressing.  In the room the bed is really big and can be used in two different ways. One way 160x190cm and the other way is 2x2meters"	"I'm renting a very nice room un a spacious apartment shared with french roommates. This beautiful lodge is located in a very young, hype and trendy neighborhood.  5 minute walk from Canal Saint Martin, and the gorgeous brand new ""Place de la République"" inaugurated mid june. The appartment on the top floor (with elevator) of the building is really commodious in a great french style with four room, 2 upstairs and 2 downstairs. The room for rent is at the top floor. Beams, chimney, stone visible on a wall, authentic kitchen, bathroom with a shower.  Occupied by young (and beautiful) parisiens entrepreneurs in jewelry, art and law. The roommates (2 until July the 2nd and 3 after) are very welcoming and friendly. The top floor of the apartment is surrounded by natural light from a fanlight who display a great vue on Paris. There you have two desks with a open dressing.  In the room the bed is really big and can be used in two different ways. One way 160x190cm and the other way is 2x2meters"
8392		3 pièces accueillant chaleureux calme; Pourrait accueillir 1 à 4 personnes.Beneficier de tout son equipement .A proximité  ( 3mn )des métros et bus.Ideal pour jeunes ou même petites familles.
8393	"Big room of 15 m2 with arrangement and a beautiful view of the canal saint martin, in a beautiful and big apartment including 2 other rooms, a kitchen, a lounge, a bathroom and toilets separated. Very well located, in a very pleasant district and livened up, close to any amenities (businesses, transport, theater, bar) Public transportation:  5 minutes from the train station ""Jacques Bonsergent‎"" on the metro line 5 that goes to ""Place de la République"" and ""Oberkampf"" Very easy access from and to both parisian airports thanks to the RER B. The 10th arrondissement of Paris centers on the Canal St. Martin and the restaurants and cafés which line its banks. The 10th arrondissement has lately enjoyed the benefits of both the booming nightlife scene in the neighboring 11th, as well as the Parisien cycling and roller-blading boom. The streets lining the canal become car-free for the later half of the day each Saturday, and all day on Sundays for your cycling and strolling pleasure. Another f"	"    Big Bedroom 15m2 any comfort in beautiful and large very well located apartment! Sleeps 2 people    Big room of 15 m2 with arrangement and a beautiful view of the canal saint martin, in a beautiful and big apartment including 2 other rooms, a kitchen, a lounge, a bathroom and toilets separated. Very well located, in a very pleasant district and livened up, close to any amenities (businesses, transport, theater, bar) Public transportation:  5 minutes from the train station ""Jacques Bonsergent‎"" on the metro line 5 that goes to ""Place de la République"" and ""Oberkampf"" Very easy access from and to both parisian airports thanks to the RER B. The 10th arrondissement of Paris centers on the Canal St. Martin and the restaurants and cafés which line its banks. The 10th arrondissement has lately enjoyed the benefits of both the booming nightlife scene in the neighboring 11th, as well as the Parisien cycling and roller-blading boom. The streets lining the canal become car-free for the later "
8394	Calme, lumineux et pratique, la climatisation est un vrai plus avec cette chaleur. Les matelas sont neufs et on y dort très bien. 	Appartement au cœur du 10ème (République - Gare de l'Est), parfait pour votre séjour : profitez du calme du canal St-Martin et de la proximité des transports.  Pratique, lumineux, avec une cuisine tout équipé, la climatisation et 3 lits disponibles. Calme, lumineux et pratique, la climatisation est un vrai plus avec cette chaleur. Les matelas sont neufs et on y dort très bien. Quartier bien pratique pour les courses (supermarché en face de la rue), deux marchés à 5 minutes à pied avec de nombreux produits frais, gare de l'Est à côté. Canal Saint Martin : calme la journée, très animé le soir Logement très bien situé : Jacques Bonsergent - Ligne 5  Gare de L'Est - Lignes 4, 5, 7 RER B à proximité  De nombreux bus (Direct vers Champs Elysées, Tour Eiffel)
8395	Quiet and bright, charming old building in a XVIIIth century (Tommettes - beams) 1 bedroom (sleeps 2) 1 kitchen 1 (website hidden). Denis Street pedestrian Montorgueil. Fully equipped wifi / tv / dishwasher / washing machine. Métro/RER : Réaumur-Sébastopol ligne 4	Quiet and bright, old charm in a building of the eighteenth century (Tommettes, beams) 1 bedroom (2 pers.) 1 kitchen 1 bathroom. Rue Saint-Denis. Pedestrian Montorgueil. Easy access by metro and RER - Additional fee for late checking : 20€ after 22h Quiet and bright, charming old building in a XVIIIth century (Tommettes - beams) 1 bedroom (sleeps 2) 1 kitchen 1 (website hidden). Denis Street pedestrian Montorgueil. Fully equipped wifi / tv / dishwasher / washing machine. Métro/RER : Réaumur-Sébastopol ligne 4
8396	This is a 60 m² haussmannian flat with woden floor and molded ceiling. It has a large living-room with an open kitchen, a dressing/office room and a bedroom.   - One queen-size bed in the bedroom + double sofa bed in the living-room  + one single air matress - Kitchen equipped with full-sized fridge, stove and laundry machine - Bathroom with shower and separate toilets	If you're looking for a charming and cosy place to rest from your walks through the city, this is what you need! Very well connected, surrounded by nice brasseries, you'll get to experience the 'real' parisian life!  Perfect for couples/families This is a 60 m² haussmannian flat with woden floor and molded ceiling. It has a large living-room with an open kitchen, a dressing/office room and a bedroom.   - One queen-size bed in the bedroom + double sofa bed in the living-room  + one single air matress - Kitchen equipped with full-sized fridge, stove and laundry machine - Bathroom with shower and separate toilets You will have access to all parts of the flat I'll be glad to welcome you, give you hints about how to fully enjoy this beautiful city and afterwards I will be reachable if needed by phone/internet I've been living in this area for more than 5 years and it is to me one of the nicest one in the city. It is safe and lively. The flat is situated in a peaceful street but 2mn walk fro
8397	The apartement is located on the 4th floor of the building (no elevator). The stairwell is being renovated. Once you step into the apartment, you will fall in love with the decoration and comfort and be convinced that you will have a wonderful stay in this accomodation: - The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, oven, micro-wave, fridge, kettle, nespresso...). - The living/ dining room is a vast reception room of 50 m² with refined decoration and a large TV screen. - The bedroom is equipped with a luxury king size bed with overlay and many pillows (feather and synthetic). - There are separate toilets. The bathroom has a bathtub and a window.	This 85 m² apartment is very comfortable for 2 people and decorated with Parisian elegance and style  (wood floor, moulding, fireplaces). It is within 15-minute walk from Le Louvre, le Marais and Les Grands Magasins. The apartement is located on the 4th floor of the building (no elevator). The stairwell is being renovated. Once you step into the apartment, you will fall in love with the decoration and comfort and be convinced that you will have a wonderful stay in this accomodation: - The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, oven, micro-wave, fridge, kettle, nespresso...). - The living/ dining room is a vast reception room of 50 m² with refined decoration and a large TV screen. - The bedroom is equipped with a luxury king size bed with overlay and many pillows (feather and synthetic). - There are separate toilets. The bathroom has a bathtub and a window. There is a 2nd bedroom but the guests cannot have access to it. This neighborhood is one of the most pleasant neighborhoods in Pari
8398	The flat is composed by 1 bedroom, 1 dining room, 1 living room, an open kitchen and 1 bath room. It is ideal for 2 people to stay and relax, since it is situated at the end of a courtyard and on 2nd floor. It is also great for families, you can accommodate 2 persons in the living room (great sofa bed). Concerning transports, the metro is 50 meters from the flat and there is a bike dispenser that you can rent for the day.  Please write me a message if you have any question, we will find a solution !	"This charming and typical apartment is in the centre of Paris.  The flat is modern and well decorated, it is equipped with internet, Wi-Fi, a flat screen, Harman Kardon speaker, a washing machine and everything necessary for a good stay! It is located near the romantic ""Canal Saint Martin"" (2 min) Paris biggest train stations: ""Gare de l'Est"" (30 secs) and ""Gare du Nord"" (8 min) You can easily and directly access to all most of the tourist sites in Paris within 10 to 20 mins. The flat is composed by 1 bedroom, 1 dining room, 1 living room, an open kitchen and 1 bath room. It is ideal for 2 people to stay and relax, since it is situated at the end of a courtyard and on 2nd floor. It is also great for families, you can accommodate 2 persons in the living room (great sofa bed). Concerning transports, the metro is 50 meters from the flat and there is a bike dispenser that you can rent for the day.  Please write me a message if you have any question, we will find a solution !"
8399	A Beautiful architect apartment in Paris’ 10th district, one of its most enjoyable and lively neighborhood.  The location is surrounded by many cafés, restaurants and theaters, and is ideal for an holiday stay or a working trip in Paris. Situated next to Bonne Nouvelle and Strasbourg Saint Denis, between Le Marais and Opera, you will find just near by the subway lines 3, 4, 5, 8 and 9 which will bring you anywhere in the city. You can also walk 10 minutes to Gare de l’Est and Gare du Nord for a trip outside Paris. If you don’t want to spend a minute in the subway, a 15 minutes walk will bring you to the Opera or to Beaubourg (Georges Pompidou Museum) in Le Marais. And many other places, you just have to ask me ! The area is also great for shopping and everything needed is just within a very short walk.The flat has been recently renovated and is entirely designed and furnished by an architect. Situated on the first floor, facing the courtyard, it is easily accessible and very quiet. The	Enjoy of a surprising apartment in the center of Paris, designed by an architect and embellished by many designers furnitures. The place is 10 minutes walk from Le Marais and really well connected with all the main attractions of the city. A Beautiful architect apartment in Paris’ 10th district, one of its most enjoyable and lively neighborhood.  The location is surrounded by many cafés, restaurants and theaters, and is ideal for an holiday stay or a working trip in Paris. Situated next to Bonne Nouvelle and Strasbourg Saint Denis, between Le Marais and Opera, you will find just near by the subway lines 3, 4, 5, 8 and 9 which will bring you anywhere in the city. You can also walk 10 minutes to Gare de l’Est and Gare du Nord for a trip outside Paris. If you don’t want to spend a minute in the subway, a 15 minutes walk will bring you to the Opera or to Beaubourg (Georges Pompidou Museum) in Le Marais. And many other places, you just have to ask me ! The area is also great for shopping an
