35100	"Je vous propose une chambre de 20 m2 dans une coloc en plein centre de Paris (Châtelet). L’appart est très classy, et à la fois fonctionnel. Il est au quatrième étage d’un immeuble ancien sans ascenseur. Il est très spacieux et lumineux. Le double vitrage des fenêtres le rendent silencieux. Il est situé en plein cœur de Paris, Châtelet-les Halles. A moins de 5 minutes à pied, vous auriez accèss à 5 lignes de mètre et 3 lignes de RER. De plus, vous êtes à moins de 8 euro de taxi de n’importe quelle adresse dans Paris. Une station de vélo est disponible juste en face. Le quartier est très animé et sure, et l’immeuble est équipé d'un portique à badge. C'est LE centre de Paris, très pratique pour visiter la ville. Vous pouvez aussi rester dans le coin pour découvrir les nombreux points d’intérêt à quelques minutes à pied de l’appart. L’appart est entièrement équipés.  Les draps, couette, oreillers et serviettes de bain sont fournis. Dans l’appart vous trouverez :  -	Internet  -	Cuisine ent"	"Je vous propose une chambre de 20 m2 dans une coloc en plein centre de Paris (Châtelet). L’appart est très classy, et à la fois fonctionnel. Il est au quatrième étage d’un immeuble ancien sans ascenseur. Il est très spacieux et lumineux. Le double vitrage des fenêtres le rendent silencieux. Il est situé en plein cœur de Paris, Châtelet-les Halles. A moins de 5 minutes à pied, vous auriez accèss à 5 lignes de mètre et 3 lignes de RER. De plus, vous êtes à moins de 8 euro de taxi de n’importe quelle adresse dans Paris. Une station de vélo est disponible juste en face. Le quartier est très animé et sure, et l’immeuble est équipé d'un portique à badge. C'est LE centre de Paris, très pratique pour visiter la ville. Vous pouvez aussi rester dans le coin pour découvrir les nombreux points d’intérêt à quelques minutes à pied de l’appart. L’appart est entièrement équipés.  Les draps, couette, oreillers et serviettes de bain sont fournis. Dans l’appart vous trouverez :  -	Internet  -	Cuisine ent"
35101	"Fully renovated, it is modern and cosy, and offers everything you could possibly dream of in a furnished apartment, modern fully-furnished kitchen including washing machine/dryer, dishwasher, expresso machine, toaster, bathroom with massage shower, high speed WIFI internet (28Mbits/s), 42"" flat screen TV, dvd/cd/ipod player, etc.  The rates includes utilities (electricity, water), cleaning at arrival and departure and applicable taxes. The kitchen is fully equipped and the bathroom and bed are complete with fresh linen and towels. Located in the heart of Paris, it offers everything you could possible want for a dream holiday or weekend in Paris: with charm, quality and good taste, this address is perfect for visiting Paris."	"Located in the heart of Paris. Fully renovated, it is modern and cosy, offers everything you could possible want for a dream holiday or weekend in Paris: with charm, quality and good taste, this address is perfect for visiting Paris. Fully renovated, it is modern and cosy, and offers everything you could possibly dream of in a furnished apartment, modern fully-furnished kitchen including washing machine/dryer, dishwasher, expresso machine, toaster, bathroom with massage shower, high speed WIFI internet (28Mbits/s), 42"" flat screen TV, dvd/cd/ipod player, etc.  The rates includes utilities (electricity, water), cleaning at arrival and departure and applicable taxes. The kitchen is fully equipped and the bathroom and bed are complete with fresh linen and towels. Located in the heart of Paris, it offers everything you could possible want for a dream holiday or weekend in Paris: with charm, quality and good taste, this address is perfect for visiting Paris. In the apartment you have: - Ful"
35102	"The apartment has undergone a complete and entire renovation and redecoration in February 2015. The area is 80 sq. meters, with double orientation and super wooden floors. The building is Haussmann style, very safe with entry pass and intercom. The rooms and the living room look onto a courtyard, with no vis à vis, which makes the apartment very quiet.  On the top floor are located a spacious living / dining living room, with an open kitchen and an office area.  The living room has a sofa bed (fits 2 persons), a central ""pouffe"" (which can be transformed into a single bed) and is equipped with a video projector with a big screen. The dining room will comfortably fits 6 people. It is open on the fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen has all the household appliances needed : oven, dishwasher, hot plates, microwave, fridge/freezer and Nespresso machine. On the first floor are located an adult room with a double bed, a child room with a single bed (a crib can be added as well) and the bathro"	"A modern and fully equipped bright apartment with two floors. Comfortably sleeps 6 guests in the center of what is the coolest part of town these days. The apartment has undergone a complete and entire renovation and redecoration in February 2015. The area is 80 sq. meters, with double orientation and super wooden floors. The building is Haussmann style, very safe with entry pass and intercom. The rooms and the living room look onto a courtyard, with no vis à vis, which makes the apartment very quiet.  On the top floor are located a spacious living / dining living room, with an open kitchen and an office area.  The living room has a sofa bed (fits 2 persons), a central ""pouffe"" (which can be transformed into a single bed) and is equipped with a video projector with a big screen. The dining room will comfortably fits 6 people. It is open on the fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen has all the household appliances needed : oven, dishwasher, hot plates, microwave, fridge/freezer and Nespre"
35103	2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. A comfortable 27 sq.meter studio apartment located in the most central location in Paris, the exclusive Ile Saint Louis.  Sleeps up to 4 guests. Ile St Louis is attached to Ile de La Cite by a footbridge. Ile De La Cite is home to the famous Cathedral of Notre Dame, the Conciergerie Prison, and Eglise Sainte Chapelle. Studio En Isle is located on the second and smaller island, Ile Saint Louis, home to the most prestigious and exclusive residents of Paris. The island is the home of the most expensive real estate in Paris. The classic Parisian architecture with stone wall and parquet floors make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to the many fancy shops of Ile St Louis, or hop over the river to the Marais or the Latin Quarter and Saint Germain Des Pres in an instant! Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home w	Bright and Classic Studio Apartment on exclusive Ile Saint Louis, Sleeps up to 4 Guests. Shop all the gourmet stores, boutiques, cafes, and restaurants of the village-like Ile Saint Louis. Truly the center of Paris.     + 2 Free River Cruise Tix ! 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. A comfortable 27 sq.meter studio apartment located in the most central location in Paris, the exclusive Ile Saint Louis.  Sleeps up to 4 guests. Ile St Louis is attached to Ile de La Cite by a footbridge. Ile De La Cite is home to the famous Cathedral of Notre Dame, the Conciergerie Prison, and Eglise Sainte Chapelle. Studio En Isle is located on the second and smaller island, Ile Saint Louis, home to the most prestigious and exclusive residents of Paris. The island is the home of the most expensive real estate in Paris. The classic Parisian architecture with stone wall and parquet floors make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Par
35104		40m2 apartment with a double bed and a sofa bed in the living room made for 2. Situated in the heart of Le Marais, amazing location to move around Paris, very central to all the main attraction. Cosy and made for a very parisian experience. What to do in Le Marais: - Les Archives nationales - Le musée Carnavalet situé dans l'hôtel du même nom - La place des Vosges - Le musée Picasso - Le cloître et église des Billettes - La maison de Nicolas Flamel et de son épouse Pernelle, au 51 rue de Montmorency. Construite en 1407 pour accueillir les pauvres, elle est tenue pour la plus ancienne demeure de Paris (bien que fortement restaurée en 1900). - La maison d'Ourscamp, siège de l'association pour la Sauvegarde et la Mise en valeur du Paris historique, au 44-46 rue François Miron. Construite vers 1585 sur un cellier gothique cistercien datant lui-même de 1250, elle est actuellement toujours en cours de restauration par les bénévoles de l'association. À l'origine, la maison d'Ourscamp était un
35105		4 room appartement less than 5 mins walking from Arc de Triomphe in Avenue de la Grande-Armed 100 meter away from the arganten metro station
35106	"Just in front of the Saint-Louis island and the Île de la Cité island, ideally located in the best area, worldwide famous as ""le Quartier Latin"", welcome to this furnished large room (42 m² /453 ft²) with king-size bed, plus a small isolated guest area near the kitchen with a twin-size bed. Also, there is a sofa bed in the big room that can be turned into a queen-size bed. So it is very comfortable for a couple or a family with from one to three kids.   You will be amazed by the open outlook! You can see many unique scenes through your windows like Republican guards riding horses passing by, etc.  The apartment contains full kitchen with all dishes and cooking stuff, fridge, freezer, bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, tumble-dryer, cable TV, high-speed Internet WIFI.  Near the right side of the building, the small street ""Rue de Bièvre"" one minute walk leads you to former French President François Mitterrand's home.  Also, just cross the Pont de l'archevêché and you are on the fam"	"You will be in the best location! Just in front of the garden of Notre Dame and La Seine river. Peaceful area. Sitting in this beautiful room with wine after a long day exploring Paris, you will truly appreciate where you are and enjoy your stay. Just in front of the Saint-Louis island and the Île de la Cité island, ideally located in the best area, worldwide famous as ""le Quartier Latin"", welcome to this furnished large room (42 m² /453 ft²) with king-size bed, plus a small isolated guest area near the kitchen with a twin-size bed. Also, there is a sofa bed in the big room that can be turned into a queen-size bed. So it is very comfortable for a couple or a family with from one to three kids.   You will be amazed by the open outlook! You can see many unique scenes through your windows like Republican guards riding horses passing by, etc.  The apartment contains full kitchen with all dishes and cooking stuff, fridge, freezer, bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, tumble-dryer, cable "
35107	Studio très calme avec vue de côté sur les toits de Paris. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes.	Studio très calme avec vue de côté sur les toits de Paris. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes. Tout est accessible aux voyageurs. Aucun équipement ou zone du logement n'est partagée. Le studio est non fumeur. Echange facile, résidence principale à 10 minutes à pied du studio. Non, remise en main propre des clefs du studio à leur arrivée. J'aime: Quartier résidentiel, central et animé du Marais, idéalement placé à 100m du métro Bastille (3 lignes), et à quelques pas de la superbe place des Vosges. Rue calme, mais à proximité des bars et galeries d'art du Marais. La plupart des sites touristiques comme Beaubourg ou Notre-Dame sont accessibles à pied ou à quelques stations de métro. A ne pas manquer: La Place des Vosges. Accès via 3 lignes de metro (ligne 1, 5 et 8) et 2 lignes de bus. Absence de parking dans le logement. Logement facile d'accès en Taxi ou RER depuis l'aéroport. Attention: 5ème étage sans ascenseur et les étages sont assez hauts, au total: 104 marches. Ce studio est dest
35108	Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask  Airport transfer available - please ask  ------------------------------  Welcome to our spacious, centrally-located family flat by the centre Pompidou! Please note: Currently (June2015) there are no reviews available for this apartment. Either it is new on the market and has not been rented short-term before via this platform or previous guests have simply not left a review after their stay. We would be delighted if you were to change this! This first floor apartment (with elevator) comprises: -2 bedrooms, each with a double bed  -1 large kitchen with dining table -1 large sitting room with a sofa bed for two -1 shower room  -1 bathroom with bathtub and shower head. One bedroom and the dining room face the street, the other rooms face a small courtyard. The apartment was repainted in May 2015.  It can comfortably sleep up to six guests and is fully equipped with TV, Wifi Internet access, a clothes washer and all the other amenities	*The flat is 80 sqm large  *The total capacity is 6 guests  *2  bedrooms each holding a double bed + 1 sofa bed in the living room *The flat is on the 1st floor with elevator *The flat is fully equipped *Unique location Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask  Airport transfer available - please ask  ------------------------------  Welcome to our spacious, centrally-located family flat by the centre Pompidou! Please note: Currently (June2015) there are no reviews available for this apartment. Either it is new on the market and has not been rented short-term before via this platform or previous guests have simply not left a review after their stay. We would be delighted if you were to change this! This first floor apartment (with elevator) comprises: -2 bedrooms, each with a double bed  -1 large kitchen with dining table -1 large sitting room with a sofa bed for two -1 shower room  -1 bathroom with bathtub and shower head. One bedroom and the dining room face the street, t
35109	The Bed up makes the sleep very nice.  The apartment has everything you need and the neighborhood is actually great. No lift. 3rd Floor.	Walk along Paris Le Marais to Notre Dame de Paris, Pont des Arts to Musée du Louvre, Pier for boats, Parks... Coming to Paris? so be in Paris! One spacious and comfortable apartment with 1 double bedroom in the heart of Paris. The Bed up makes the sleep very nice.  The apartment has everything you need and the neighborhood is actually great. No lift. 3rd Floor. Like someone who used to travel I'd like to advice tips and good spot. The apartment is very quiet located in the back of the court. Makes a great contrast with the permanent energy of the street! 200 meters away from either metro Saint Paul or Hotel de Ville Line 1. 35min from Charles de Gaulle Airport 40min from Orly 15min from Gare de Lyon 20min from Gare Saint Lazare
35110	This modern 36m2 studio apartment, freshly renovated, is located on the ground floor of a typical district building. It can comfortably sleep up to two people and includes a lounge, a dining room area, and a large double (king size). The kitchen is fitted with everything guests might need during their stay. The bedroom includes a bathroom with sink and shower and a separated WC.  	This modern, elegant and comfortable studio apartment is the perfect solution to discover Paris. Located in the very centre of le Marais, only 2 min walk from metro station Saint-Paul and from rue des Rosiers. Perfect for a couple.            This modern 36m2 studio apartment, freshly renovated, is located on the ground floor of a typical district building. It can comfortably sleep up to two people and includes a lounge, a dining room area, and a large double (king size). The kitchen is fitted with everything guests might need during their stay. The bedroom includes a bathroom with sink and shower and a separated WC.  It is an ideal spot to relax after a long day’s sightseeing around the streets of Paris. There is also a flat-screen television, telephone, and WIFI internet connection available for work and leisure purposes. I will personally welcome all the guests, to show them the apartment and answer theirs questions. My guests can also contact me on my personal phone number during t
35111	Lovely small flat with window in every room, bathtub/shower, insulated window in the main room; located is the most trendy area in Paris, with many shops, restaurants, bars, looking like a small village. Within walking distance from St Germain des Prés, the Seine river, Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou,, BHV department store, fresh market rue de Rivoli twice a week...	Cozy Studio in the trendy Le Marais area. 1st floor with lift. Nicely decorated, fully furnished. Entrance. Separate bathroom with WC. King size bed,dble glazing. Equiped kitchen,TV,WIFI, telephone incld. Near subway,busses, shops,restaurants,cafés. Lovely small flat with window in every room, bathtub/shower, insulated window in the main room; located is the most trendy area in Paris, with many shops, restaurants, bars, looking like a small village. Within walking distance from St Germain des Prés, the Seine river, Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou,, BHV department store, fresh market rue de Rivoli twice a week... The studio is entirely dedicated to you. Leaving in Paris, I am available to help or advise for a first visit in Paris. All shops next door : small supermarket, a fresh market twice a week rue de Rivoli, laundries, BHV department store 5mn walking, many trendy clothing shops, many trendy bars, restaurants. A very young and lifefull area. Metros St Paul and Hotel de Ville very close
35112	A charming 2 rooms with a arty decoration (photos and paintings) in the heart of Marais, the historical Paris with : - one bedroom with A DOUBLE BED  - one living room with a SOFA BED - american kitchen -one bathroom with bathtub Facilities :  WIFI, internationals TV channels, Dolce Gusto coffee machine, microwave, washing machine... The quiet and sunny apartment is overlooking a courtyard, at the 4th FLOOR WITH NO ELEVATOR  in a classified and secure building.  Ideal location in the Ecouffes street, 20 meters from the famous Rosiers street. - 5 minutes by walk from St Paul or Hotel de ville station (line 1)  - 8 minutes from Rambuteau station (line 11) - few minutes from the Centre Pompidou, Place des Vosges, the Seine, Saint-Louis island... Beautiful shops, bakery, bar, restaurants, sunday brunch... Marais is the historical place in Paris to stroll !!! Joli petit deux pièces lumineux situé au cœur du Marais, composé d'un salon (TV écran plat, wifi ) avec une petite cuisine américaine	A charming 2 rooms with a arty decoration (photos and paintings) in the heart of Marais, the historical Paris with : - one bedroom with A DOUBLE BED  - one living room with a SOFA BED - american kitchen -one bathroom with bathtub Facilities :  WIFI, internationals TV channels, Dolce Gusto coffee machine, microwave, washing machine... The quiet and sunny apartment is overlooking a courtyard, at the 4th FLOOR WITH NO ELEVATOR  in a classified and secure building.  Ideal location in the Ecouffes street, 20 meters from the famous Rosiers street. - 5 minutes by walk from St Paul or Hotel de ville station (line 1)  - 8 minutes from Rambuteau station (line 11) - few minutes from the Centre Pompidou, Place des Vosges, the Seine, Saint-Louis island... Beautiful shops, bakery, bar, restaurants, sunday brunch... Marais is the historical place in Paris to stroll !!! Joli petit deux pièces lumineux situé au cœur du Marais, composé d'un salon (TV écran plat, wifi ) avec une petite cuisine américaine
35113	Hello ! Welcome to this page, which describes the flat where I have been living for the past three years. I look forward to welcoming you here and will do my very best to make your stay unforgetable. A visit around one of the oldest parts of Paris begins right here!  My flat is in central Paris, on the 4th floor of a listed 17th century building: the Maison de l’Annonciation. The mix of exposed wood beams and contemporary furniture complement each other well. It is 33m2, has two compact rooms (living room and kitchen / dining room) and, being located in a pedestrian area, it is exceptionally quiet. A real luxury in central Paris! The fully-furnished flat is ideal for two, but can accommodate up to four people. It has: - Bedroom: a double bed, 140cm wide, with a high quality mattress. - Living room: an easy-to-open sofa bed for two children. I provide bed sheets and bathroom towels. Other elements include: - Living room: unlimited free wi-fi, HiFi system which is Ipad/Ipod/Iphone-compat	Hello ! Welcome to this page, which describes the flat where I have been living for the past three years. I look forward to welcoming you here and will do my very best to make your stay unforgetable. A visit around one of the oldest parts of Paris begins right here!  My flat is in central Paris, on the 4th floor of a listed 17th century building: the Maison de l’Annonciation. The mix of exposed wood beams and contemporary furniture complement each other well. It is 33m2, has two compact rooms (living room and kitchen / dining room) and, being located in a pedestrian area, it is exceptionally quiet. A real luxury in central Paris! The fully-furnished flat is ideal for two, but can accommodate up to four people. It has: - Bedroom: a double bed, 140cm wide, with a high quality mattress. - Living room: an easy-to-open sofa bed for two children. I provide bed sheets and bathroom towels. Other elements include: - Living room: unlimited free wi-fi, HiFi system which is Ipad/Ipod/Iphone-compat
35114	Let me welcome you to the soft and warm atmosphere of my place in the chic Marais neighborhood of Paris! The studio is fresh and very quiet (in summer, you can sleep, windows open), and I just bought a brand new heating, so it's warm in winter.  It is situated in the last floor, thus you will not be bothered by the neighbors and to go up five floors will keep you in good shape ! Upon entering the apartment, you will find yourself in a corridor with a bookcase (books and guides in French and in English) and a big closet with flies for your clothes. As you walk down the corridor, you will find the main room   with a windows with a view on the parisians roofs. There is the bed, the table and the kitchen, the kitchen features a sink, electric stove a fridge of course, and all pots/pans, dishes, utensils, and cutlery you will need (italian coffee machine, kettle, toaster…). Just off of the kitchen, you will find the bathroom with a shower, sink and the toilets (as it’s a sanibroyeur I will 	You will like the authenticity of the old  typical building, the absolute quietness of the studio while being situated in one most lively area of the city and you will adore being able to discover major places, just by walking ! Sorry, no elevator. Let me welcome you to the soft and warm atmosphere of my place in the chic Marais neighborhood of Paris! The studio is fresh and very quiet (in summer, you can sleep, windows open), and I just bought a brand new heating, so it's warm in winter.  It is situated in the last floor, thus you will not be bothered by the neighbors and to go up five floors will keep you in good shape ! Upon entering the apartment, you will find yourself in a corridor with a bookcase (books and guides in French and in English) and a big closet with flies for your clothes. As you walk down the corridor, you will find the main room   with a windows with a view on the parisians roofs. There is the bed, the table and the kitchen, the kitchen features a sink, electric st
35115	Vivant sur paris  j'apprécie cette ville pleine de charme beaucoup de choses à voir, des lieux  hors sentier battus , c'est une ville très effervescente. Marcher est le meilleur moyen pour mieux l'explorer sur un autre angle. Proche de tout les grand monuments, sacré coeur, Arc de Triomphe, Opéra Garnier, Bastille. Mon canapé lit qui se situe dans le salon pour deux places , confortable, linge propre. Serviette, draps. Votre nourriture est à votre charge , on peut partager quelques mets ensemble par moments. Salle de bain , toilettes, cuisine, salon, chambre selon l'organisation . Je peux vous orienter et guider au mieux pour réussir votre séjour. Je peux vous guider pour tout vos déplacements et visites. Mon quartier très cosmopolite  offre toutes les opportunités de proximité,comme la restauration , magasins alimentaire, marché aux légumes au prix très abordable, brasserie, hôtels, cinémas,salle de Concerts. Des restaurants diverses  spécialistes  . Metro, bus, et tramway sont access	 I am a young woman living in paris I appreciate this charming town a lot of things to see, places off beaten path, this is a very vibrant city.  Walking is the best way to better see another angle. 
35116		Mignon studio de 15m2, au coeur de Paris, quartier Saint Michel, à 1 minute à pieds des transports (metro, bus, velo), proche bars et restaurants, Notre Dame! Lit double, douche, TV, wifi... Parfait pour un couple ou deux amis en week end.
35117	After entering in the old-paved courtyard of this typical Parisian mansion, you go up through the large staircase to the 1st floor.   You open the door and find this 4m-free height typical Marais apartment with wooden ceilings and contemporary furniture! It includes a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom.  Ideal for a family, or couples willing to benefit from space. 2 comfortable beds - 4 people: 140cm-bed in the bedroom upstairs and 160cm-convertible bed in the living room for daily use (excellent 15cm-mattress, usable in 30 seconds, sheets remain inside!) Vous franchissez l'impressionnante porte cochère de cet Hotel Particulier, vous avancez dans la cour pavée, vous montez la cage d'escalier avec rampe en fer forgé et vous arrivez dans ce volume avec 4 mètres de hauteur sous plafond avec poutres apparentes. Vous y êtes !   Charme de l'ancien assorti avec du mobilier et des finitions contemporains.  Parquet en chêne et béton ciré, salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. 	In a 17th century mansion, fully refurbished flat with mezzanine in the very heart of Le Marais area, at a 2-min walk from Beaubourg. Wonderful place to leave a great Parisian experience and discover main attractions in the city by walk. After entering in the old-paved courtyard of this typical Parisian mansion, you go up through the large staircase to the 1st floor.   You open the door and find this 4m-free height typical Marais apartment with wooden ceilings and contemporary furniture! It includes a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom.  Ideal for a family, or couples willing to benefit from space. 2 comfortable beds - 4 people: 140cm-bed in the bedroom upstairs and 160cm-convertible bed in the living room for daily use (excellent 15cm-mattress, usable in 30 seconds, sheets remain inside!) Vous franchissez l'impressionnante porte cochère de cet Hotel Particulier, vous avancez dans la cour pavée, vous montez la cage d'escalier avec rampe en fer forgé et vous arrivez dans c
35118	it s a 30m2 apartment 4th floor no elevator, whit a double bed and sofa bed confortble for 2 adults 2 childreen.  Bathroom whit bath and separate toilet.  small kitchen whit mircrowave, cooktoop, fridge, whashing machine 	An exceptional location for this 30m2 (370sf) studio located in the Marais in the heart of Paris. You will be at two steps from the Centre Georges Pompidou (100m), Tours St Jacques (200m), Iles de la cité with the cathedral Notre Dame (700m)...
35119	Bienvenu à Paris!  Here is probably the best place to discover the city of Light. Located in the heart of Le Marais 5min walks to some famous places in Paris (Hotel de ville,  Beaubourg, place des Vosges). Luxury apt in a 16th century building The flat is 75m² with two bedrooms, one on the street, one on the back of the building very quiet. Large main room with an open plan kitchen (fully furnished). Authentic wall made of stones, ceiling with white painted wood. Wooden floor One double bed bedroom on the street with TV and private bathroom with WC. One double bed bedroom on the back with private bathroom. As well a spare WC in the entrance. The apartment is cool even in summertime due to large walls. Cosy, comfortable and in the center of Paris!! Possibility of room-maid on demand  Guest will have access to all described items above. Happy to help and recommand nice places around! Quiet and secure	Bienvenu à Paris!  Here is probably the best place to discover the city of Light. Located in the heart of Le Marais 5min walks to some famous places in Paris (Hotel de ville,  Beaubourg, place des Vosges). Luxury apt in a 16th century building Bienvenu à Paris!  Here is probably the best place to discover the city of Light. Located in the heart of Le Marais 5min walks to some famous places in Paris (Hotel de ville,  Beaubourg, place des Vosges). Luxury apt in a 16th century building The flat is 75m² with two bedrooms, one on the street, one on the back of the building very quiet. Large main room with an open plan kitchen (fully furnished). Authentic wall made of stones, ceiling with white painted wood. Wooden floor One double bed bedroom on the street with TV and private bathroom with WC. One double bed bedroom on the back with private bathroom. As well a spare WC in the entrance. The apartment is cool even in summertime due to large walls. Cosy, comfortable and in the center of Paris!
35120	Beautiful, chic studio apartment in the stylish Marais area of Paris - recently renovated! On the top floor or an old Parisian building, overlooking a calm and quiet courtyard and rooftops of the Marais, you will find my little Marais nest waiting to welcome you. The apartment is a studio and measures 17m2/ 200 sq ft. It has a great layout so it feels quite spacious. The apartment is on the 4th floor (European), and there is no elevator (so keep this in mind if you do not like walking up stairs!). On the other hand, this will help you burn off all of that wine, cheese and chocolate mousse.  You walk in and there is a little hallway, the bathroom is on the right, and then it opens into the main room, which has plenty of storage space (there are cupboards/shelves designed by a Scandinavian architect), a cute kitchen tucked away behind cabinets, the pull out couch, table and chairs, etc.  The apartment has lots of light thanks to three very large windows, which overlook a quiet courtyard.	Perfectly located chic studio apartment overlooking the rooftops of Paris in the trendy Marais quarter. Recently renovated with architect's help - newly painted, new linens, and ready to welcome you for your Parisian stay!  Beautiful, chic studio apartment in the stylish Marais area of Paris - recently renovated! On the top floor or an old Parisian building, overlooking a calm and quiet courtyard and rooftops of the Marais, you will find my little Marais nest waiting to welcome you. The apartment is a studio and measures 17m2/ 200 sq ft. It has a great layout so it feels quite spacious. The apartment is on the 4th floor (European), and there is no elevator (so keep this in mind if you do not like walking up stairs!). On the other hand, this will help you burn off all of that wine, cheese and chocolate mousse.  You walk in and there is a little hallway, the bathroom is on the right, and then it opens into the main room, which has plenty of storage space (there are cupboards/shelves desi
35121	The bedroom and the bathroom are on a no-through road, also no noise. The living room is spacious, you will have plenty of space to relax on one of the 2 sofas. This is an old building from 18th century, with beams in the ceiling... That's a typical Parisian flat from Le Marais	Center of the center. Any location of Paris is less than 30min from you. Flat is very quiet on a courtyard, but located in a lively area with all possible shops. Fully equipped to cook at home! 45min to any airport, 20min to any train stations. The bedroom and the bathroom are on a no-through road, also no noise. The living room is spacious, you will have plenty of space to relax on one of the 2 sofas. This is an old building from 18th century, with beams in the ceiling... That's a typical Parisian flat from Le Marais WiFi, TV, washing machine, fridge, oven, hair drier, towels and linen are provided Check-in/Check-out is performed either by myself or by a close friend We can help any time during your stay, give some pieces of advice as Parisians, you can call us any time.. But aim is to let you free and enjoy Paris as a Parisian ! I personally practice Airbnb or others quite frequently when I travel abroad. To me this is the best way of travelling. So I know what you may expect from me
35122	Private room  Private bathroom Kitchen and living room are shared with us, a great balcony 120 square meters of pure parisian experience	Welcome in the center of Paris, discover and old and typical Parisian Hausmannian flat. A private bedrrom and bathroom, a shared kitchen and living room and a balcony all around the flat with a great view on many well known parisian monument. Private room  Private bathroom Kitchen and living room are shared with us, a great balcony 120 square meters of pure parisian experience Our guests have access to the living room and kitchen ( feel free to prepare your meals, have a drink on the balcony...) We both work a lot but we are always ready to have a meal, a cup of tea and discover our guests Welcome in the center of Paris, you can go all around Paris in few minutes, more than 6 subways lines, 10 bus lines just down the flat. Discover Paris by foot, Notre Dame de Paris is at 5 minutes walking, Saint Germain 15 minutes and much more... Welcome in the center of Paris, you can go all around Paris in few minutes, more than 6 subways lines, 10 bus lines just down the flat. Discover the real Pa
35123		Charmante chambre au coeur de l'Ile Saint Louis dans un immeuble style 17eme siècle. Du salon vous avez une vue face à la scène.  Cette chambre peut accueillir un couple et un enfant. Situé à 5 min du métro Saint Paul et à 10min de Notre Dame Vous avez accés à la salle de bain  au salon et à la cuisine  NB: Il est interdit de cuisiner des repas non vegetariens Je serais a votre dispostion tout le long de votre séjours si vous avez des renseignements ou des questions sur les sorties à faire dans Paris Mon quartier est unique car vous étes au coeur de Paris. Vous avez aussi les meilleurs glaces de France et la plus belle vue de Paris. Du salon et de notre salle a manger vous pourrez admirer la Seine Notre appartement se site a 5min du métro Pont Marie  et à 10 min à pied du RER Notre Dame . Vous pouvez aussi vous déplacer en bus. 3 bus sont a 2min à pied
35124	 Ideally located in the heart of the village Saint Paul, close to Bastille, the Ile Saint Louis and the Marais district, this apartment consists of an american   kitchen  a living room with a sofa, a bedroom with double bed, a loft with a bed, a shower room with WC, cupboards and a separate toilet. Friendly and modern, this unique apartment overlooking a lovely courtyard is perfect for a couple or small family love of historic Paris. (Possibility to accommodate four people max.)	 Ideally located in the heart of the village Saint Paul, close to Bastille, the Ile Saint Louis and the Marais district, this apartment consists of an american   kitchen  a living room with a sofa, a bedroom with double bed, a loft with a bed, a shower room with WC, cupboards and a separate toilet. Friendly and modern, this unique apartment overlooking a lovely courtyard is perfect for a couple or small family love of historic Paris. (Possibility to accommodate four people max.)
35125	Location:   -5 mm walking distance from Notre Dame, Ile Saint-Louis, Place des Vosges, Bastille, Centre de Georges Pompidou,  - 10mmwalking distance Latin Quarter, Châtelet (major train station with direct connection to both Paris airports). - 2 min from metro st paul (Line 1) serving major tourist attractions, including Louvre, Tuileries, Champs Elyssee , Arc de Triomphe, Château Vincennes, etc There are plenty of useful  shops in the neighbourhood (4 supermarkets, bakery, butcher, wine shop, cafe , restaurant )  The apartment is 35m² and consists of two rooms (my bedroom and the living room) with a separate bathroom. The sofa unfolds to become a bed ; that is where you will be sleeping.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a new oven, microwave, fridge. Coffee and thea are free.   There is free wifi internet access. All the household linen is supplied: bath towels, sheets. I do not charge any cleaning fees.  I speak english, so I can help you out with any linguistic difficulties. I'm 	"My apartment is located in the heart the area ""le Marais"", heart of paris.   ""It is a beautiful historic  Part of  Paris. The address is rue des Rosiers 75004 Paris. The Subway is Saint Paul (line 1) Location:   -5 mm walking distance from Notre Dame, Ile Saint-Louis, Place des Vosges, Bastille, Centre de Georges Pompidou,  - 10mmwalking distance Latin Quarter, Châtelet (major train station with direct connection to both Paris airports). - 2 min from metro st paul (Line 1) serving major tourist attractions, including Louvre, Tuileries, Champs Elyssee , Arc de Triomphe, Château Vincennes, etc There are plenty of useful  shops in the neighbourhood (4 supermarkets, bakery, butcher, wine shop, cafe , restaurant )  The apartment is 35m² and consists of two rooms (my bedroom and the living room) with a separate bathroom. The sofa unfolds to become a bed ; that is where you will be sleeping.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a new oven, microwave, fridge. Coffee and thea are free.   There i"
35126	"Stay at my charming and romantic apartment located on historic Saint Louis Island, in the very heart of Paris, just 1 minute away from Notre-Dame Cathedral! All monuments are within walking distance! I look forward to welcoming you in Paris and will do my best for you to have a wonderful experience. CENTRALLY LOCATED IN HISTORIC SAINT LOUIS ISLAND... A very nice, bright (facing south, it has direct light all day long), clean and tidy, newly renovated 3rd floor apartment with gorgeous views on the River Seine and lovely monuments (the Pantheon, Tour Montparnasse, Saint Sulpice church... and the tip of the Eiffel Tower!). The area is very safe and quiet: there is almost no traffic on the bank... and yet you'll be staying in the center of Paris! SOME HISTORY The whole river bank was built between 1614 and1646. Historic sources mention the existence of the building as early as 1637. The river bank ""Quai d'Orléans"" is named after the younger brother of Louis XIII, Gaston Jean Baptiste de Fr"	"Stay at my charming and romantic apartment located on historic Saint Louis Island, in the very heart of Paris, just 1 minute away from Notre-Dame Cathedral! All monuments are within walking distance! I look forward to welcoming you in Paris and will do my best for you to have a wonderful experience. CENTRALLY LOCATED IN HISTORIC SAINT LOUIS ISLAND... A very nice, bright (facing south, it has direct light all day long), clean and tidy, newly renovated 3rd floor apartment with gorgeous views on the River Seine and lovely monuments (the Pantheon, Tour Montparnasse, Saint Sulpice church... and the tip of the Eiffel Tower!). The area is very safe and quiet: there is almost no traffic on the bank... and yet you'll be staying in the center of Paris! SOME HISTORY The whole river bank was built between 1614 and1646. Historic sources mention the existence of the building as early as 1637. The river bank ""Quai d'Orléans"" is named after the younger brother of Louis XIII, Gaston Jean Baptiste de Fr"
35127	As for Châtelet (Restaurants, cafés..) and Marais (Pompidou center), they are just across the street ! Otherwise you can always take the subway, it's a 30-second walk (lines : 1,4,7,11 and 14, RER A, B, D) The 150m² apartment has a dishwasher, a washing machine, wireless Internet access, two ovens and several coffee machines. It is on the 2nd floor, with elevator.	Big room in huge typical Parisian apartement (wooden floors, moldings, small balcony) located in the heart of Paris, from where most sights are reachable on foot (Hotel de Ville, Louvre, Notre Dame, Saint Germain within 15 mins). As for Châtelet (Restaurants, cafés..) and Marais (Pompidou center), they are just across the street ! Otherwise you can always take the subway, it's a 30-second walk (lines : 1,4,7,11 and 14, RER A, B, D) The 150m² apartment has a dishwasher, a washing machine, wireless Internet access, two ovens and several coffee machines. It is on the 2nd floor, with elevator. ------------------------ Grande chambre dans appartement de 150 m² situé au début du Boulevard de Sébastopol, point de départ des mesures de distances kilométriques des routes de France, à 11,5 mètres de la rue de Rivoli, à deux pas de Beaubourg, de l'hôtel de Ville, du Duc des Lombards, et à peine plus de tout Paris. Construit sur la station Châtelet : lignes de métro 1, 4, 7, 11 et 14, RER A, B et 
35128	The studio is situated in an oasis of calm right in the heart of Downtown - Le Marais, a very beautiful central part of historic Paris. The building dates from the seventeenth century with a well maintained courtyard full of plants. This central location is truly a great base to explore from. Only 5-8 minutes walk to Place de Vosges,Picasso Museum, Notre-Dame Cathedral, George Pompidou Centre or take the easy access metro to explore other parts of the city.  On the third floor walk up, the entrance opens into the studio of 23 sq meters. There is a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people. The compact galley kitchen has a built-in ventilation system so that you don't have to smell-up the living-room. Dining area for two looks onto the open courtyard,the large windows offer plenty of bright sunlight and a lovely view, it is also very quiet. Bathroom- full size bathtub and a stand in wall mounted power shower.Wash basin, toilet. The studio amenities include: - Electric heating system  - 23m2  - 	In the heart of Le Marais, an ideal base for travellers on the go. Two minutes from the metro. Easy walk to many tourist sites. Plenty of bars/cafes/restaurants on your doorstep. Fantastic boutique shopping only a few streets away. A great stay! The studio is situated in an oasis of calm right in the heart of Downtown - Le Marais, a very beautiful central part of historic Paris. The building dates from the seventeenth century with a well maintained courtyard full of plants. This central location is truly a great base to explore from. Only 5-8 minutes walk to Place de Vosges,Picasso Museum, Notre-Dame Cathedral, George Pompidou Centre or take the easy access metro to explore other parts of the city.  On the third floor walk up, the entrance opens into the studio of 23 sq meters. There is a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people. The compact galley kitchen has a built-in ventilation system so that you don't have to smell-up the living-room. Dining area for two looks onto the open courtyard,th
35129	It's a beautiful flat just nears notre dame and the saint germains des près (75006) 	It's a beautiful flat just nears notre dame and the saint germains des près (75006) 
35130	Charmant et grand studio de 35 M2 en plein coeur de Paris, dans le Marais, sans vis à vis, accès facile. Lit en 140, salon avec couchage type clic-clac avec avec un vrai matelas, pour 2 personnes (si 2 personnes en plus 20 EUR par jour ), coin cuisine, salle de bain avec douche, tout refait à neuf, chauffage central. 50 m du centre Beaubourg, Marais, Châtelet, Les Halles Résidence avec ascenseur, digicode, interphone, caméras vidéos et PC sécurité 24 sur 24, 2 ascenseurs	Charmant et grand studio de 35 M2 en plein coeur de Paris, dans le Marais, sans vis à vis, accès facile. Lit en 140, salon avec couchage type clic-clac avec avec un vrai matelas, pour 2 personnes (si 2 personnes en plus 20 EUR par jour ), coin cuisine, salle de bain avec douche, tout refait à neuf, chauffage central. 50 m du centre Beaubourg, Marais, Châtelet, Les Halles Résidence avec ascenseur, digicode, interphone, caméras vidéos et PC sécurité 24 sur 24, 2 ascenseurs Quartier historique de Paris, vivant, nombreux restaurants, bars, commerces, boulangeries, magasins d'alimentation ( aussi des magasins Bio / organic )  Métro LES HALLES,  350 m (c'est mieux venant de l'aéroport) puis à pied vers le Centre Georges Pompidou ou station de métro Rambuteau à 150 m 
35131	This newly refurbished flat was designed as a loft open space. It is located in an early 1900 Haussmann style building, in a very calm building within one of the most fashionable areas of the city. Great 60m2 on a 5th floor with elevator, it is decorated with a fine scandinavian designer furniture (Hans Wegner, Joseph Frank, Peter Hvidt, etc) mixed with traditional parisian style, traditional wooden floor and two Prussian fireplaces. Considering the effort it took me to find all these very unique piece of furniture, I rely on the guests to take care of these precious items as it if was their own. Both South East and North West exposure make it a very bright and cozy place to be -view on couryard. - Spacious dining/living room with an open kitchen equipped with fridge&freezer, microwave, ceramic cooktop, oven, Espresso coffee machine,  - Master bedroom with a comfortable 140 x 200 cm size bed and its bathroom with shower/bathtube sink and hairdryer  - Laundry room including washing mach	A flat furnished with love and passion in the heart of Paris/marais, in a vibrant area and close to eveything, whether you like sightseeing, going out or just chilling out and shop around in cosy boutiques! This newly refurbished flat was designed as a loft open space. It is located in an early 1900 Haussmann style building, in a very calm building within one of the most fashionable areas of the city. Great 60m2 on a 5th floor with elevator, it is decorated with a fine scandinavian designer furniture (Hans Wegner, Joseph Frank, Peter Hvidt, etc) mixed with traditional parisian style, traditional wooden floor and two Prussian fireplaces. Considering the effort it took me to find all these very unique piece of furniture, I rely on the guests to take care of these precious items as it if was their own. Both South East and North West exposure make it a very bright and cozy place to be -view on couryard. - Spacious dining/living room with an open kitchen equipped with fridge&freezer, microw
35132	If you want a small but central place in Paris  -for a reasonable price, this is the right place for you. - 1 bed 190 x 120cm, possibility to accomodate 2 - kitchinette - small fridge - shower and wc - free internet / WiFi -fan,hairdryer The studio is a typical Parisian attic room /5th floor/no lift; Very bright-facing south./during very hot days it is hot-like  in any place without air conditioner. A 5 minute walk and you are in Notre dame -by the river  In the heart of Marais-one of the most historical and trendy districts of Paris.Metro ,city bicycles ,museums-all is within an easy reach And I will be here to welcome you and explain to you how to make things easy	If you want a small but central place in Paris  -for a reasonable price, this is the right place for you. - 1 bed 190 x 120cm, possibility to accomodate 2 - kitchinette - small fridge - shower and wc - free internet / WiFi -fan,hairdryer The studio is a typical Parisian attic room /5th floor/no lift; Very bright-facing south./during very hot days it is hot-like  in any place without air conditioner. A 5 minute walk and you are in Notre dame -by the river  In the heart of Marais-one of the most historical and trendy districts of Paris.Metro ,city bicycles ,museums-all is within an easy reach And I will be here to welcome you and explain to you how to make things easy
35133		Il s'agit d'un studio, avec une salle de bain-toilettes, kitchenette équipée, et une pièce de vie avec deux matelas pour y dormir. Très bien situé, au dessus du Starbucks d'Hotêl de Ville (rue des mauvais garçons)
35134	"""There, only is order, allure Luxury, calm and pleasure""  From the Charles Baudelaire's poem Invitation to the voyage Imagine a fully renovated apartment that has still retained the charm of the mansions of the seventeenth century, overlooking the banks of one of the most captivating islands of Paris. You have arrived in our studio! Two beddings in a double bed, fully equipped kitchen (inclusing washing machine), TV, WIFI, electric heating, double glazed windows overlooking the Pont Marie : everything is thought here for your comfort 3rd floor "	"Travelers loving romantic and bohemian Paris will be found of this romantic suite is located on the beautifuland charming Ile St Louis. Here is the perfect nest for a lovers' stay in the capital. ""There, only is order, allure Luxury, calm and pleasure""  From the Charles Baudelaire's poem Invitation to the voyage Imagine a fully renovated apartment that has still retained the charm of the mansions of the seventeenth century, overlooking the banks of one of the most captivating islands of Paris. You have arrived in our studio! Two beddings in a double bed, fully equipped kitchen (inclusing washing machine), TV, WIFI, electric heating, double glazed windows overlooking the Pont Marie : everything is thought here for your comfort 3rd floor The Ile Saint-Louis as well as the Marais was the favorite neighborhood for the nobility in the seventeenth century. Countless mansions designed by the original architect of Louis XIV, the Baroque church and its peaceful quays made it one of the most exo"
35135	Literally behind the famous Centre Pompidou museum, this studio is for all of those who would like to experience Paris in a romantic and nostalgic way. With two very large 19th century libraries, going all the way to the ceiling, this is an authentic writer's residence that has kept all the beauty of times past.  Its open look to the medieval church of Saint-Merri ads up to the historical feel of the place.  Location-wise, it is in the real center of Paris: 1m walk to the Marais, 2m to Les Halles, 5m to Notre Dame, 10m to the Latin Quarter and 15m to Saint Germain.  You will find a king size bed on a mezzanine, a good place to rest and get submerged in a book after a long walk. The apartment has been tastefully furnished with a mix of antique french items and a touch of design in the kitchen. The apartment has a fully furnished kitchen with brand new appliances (espresso machine, boiler, electric oven and stoves, etc).  It also includes a washing machine. At the end of the hall you wil	Literally behind the famous Centre Pompidou museum, this studio is for all of those who would like to experience Paris in a romantic and nostalgic way. With two very large 19th century libraries, going all the way to the ceiling, this is an authentic writer's residence that has kept all the beauty of times past.  Its open look to the medieval church of Saint-Merri ads up to the historical feel of the place.  Location-wise, it is in the real center of Paris: 1m walk to the Marais, 2m to Les Halles, 5m to Notre Dame, 10m to the Latin Quarter and 15m to Saint Germain.  You will find a king size bed on a mezzanine, a good place to rest and get submerged in a book after a long walk. The apartment has been tastefully furnished with a mix of antique french items and a touch of design in the kitchen. The apartment has a fully furnished kitchen with brand new appliances (espresso machine, boiler, electric oven and stoves, etc).  It also includes a washing machine. At the end of the hall you wil
35136		Chambre dans le Marais
35137	En plein cœur de paris à proximité des plus grands sites touristiques ce charmant studio rénové dans le style du marais avec son mur en pierre et ses poutres apparentes saura vous séduire. Situé au premier étage d’un immeuble ancien sur cour calme, cet appartement dispose d’une salle de bain avec une grande douche à l’italienne, d’une cuisine équipée avec lave/sèche-linge et de tous les accessoires de cuisine. Accessible via la ligne de métro 1, station «Hôtel de ville »  mais aussi à proximité des lignes de RER pour un accès direct depuis les aéroports. 	En plein cœur de paris à proximité des plus grands sites touristiques ce charmant studio rénové dans le style du marais avec son mur en pierre et ses poutres apparentes saura vous séduire. Situé au premier étage d’un immeuble ancien sur cour calme, cet appartement dispose d’une salle de bain avec une grande douche à l’italienne, d’une cuisine équipée avec lave/sèche-linge et de tous les accessoires de cuisine. Accessible via la ligne de métro 1, station «Hôtel de ville »  mais aussi à proximité des lignes de RER pour un accès direct depuis les aéroports. 
35138	Appartement chaleureux et confortable idéal pour un séjour en amoureux. Vue splendide sur la Seine, à la croisée des Iles... 	"Charming 2 rooms flat, in ""Le Marais"", just across Ile Saint Louis and Ile de la Cité. Appartement chaleureux et confortable idéal pour un séjour en amoureux. Vue splendide sur la Seine, à la croisée des Iles... Utilisation totale de l' appartement et de ses equipements à l' exception de ce qui sera sous clé ou identifié comme inaccessible. Accueil en direct, remise des clés, visite des lieux et explication de la mise en route des appareils. Récupération des clés en direct également à la fin du séjour. Central, pratique. Beaucoup de commerces de proximité, de restaurants et de magasins de créateurs. Bus 67, 69, 96... métro lignes 1 et 11 (hotel de ville) et 7 (pont-marie). RER B à 10mn à pieds en provenance des 2 aéroports parisiens. RER C à 10 mn à pieds pour se rendre à Versailles. à 10mn du RER B, station St Michel Notre Dame, direct Orly (30mn) ou Roissy CDG (45mn)."
35139	Centre historique du Marais, dernier étage d'un immeuble du XVIIe, salle de bains privée, possibilité d'utiliser le piano à queue pour les professionnels. Tout peut se faire à pieds ! Certificat d'excellence par TripAdvisor (La Lombarde) (phone number hidden).	Suite calme ensoleillée et mansardée dans un immeuble 17°siècle, dans une rue piétonne du Marais, au coeur de Paris. Proche du Centre Pompidou, La Seine, le Louvre, Notre Dame.  A côté de Bars, Restaurants, Jazz-Clubs, et tous les transports. ` Centre historique du Marais, dernier étage d'un immeuble du XVIIe, salle de bains privée, possibilité d'utiliser le piano à queue pour les professionnels. Tout peut se faire à pieds ! Certificat d'excellence par TripAdvisor (La Lombarde) (phone number hidden). Machine à laver (Sup 5€) TV, chaîne hi-fi, wifi. Musique, Art ... Voyages En plein coeur de Paris...Tout à proximité;  Musées, Notre Dame, La Seine, Bars, Restaurants, Jazz-Clubs CHÂTELET ( metro, bus, RER, noctilien...)
35140	Two spacious and comfortable bedrooms, and two full bathrooms. Elegantly decorated and well-thought-out to make your stay more enjoyable. High ceilings (>3.5 metres), solid wood floors, and period details will make you fall in love with this Parisian dream home.	Your Paris dream come true! Elegant, calm, luxury in the heart of the historic and super hip Marais. The Pompidou Centre and Notre Dame Cathedral are right around the corner. Steps away from the most connected Métro interchange. This is the one!!  Two spacious and comfortable bedrooms, and two full bathrooms. Elegantly decorated and well-thought-out to make your stay more enjoyable. High ceilings (>3.5 metres), solid wood floors, and period details will make you fall in love with this Parisian dream home. My apartment has the following 8-9 comfortable sleeping spots: -- Master bedroom with ensuite bathroom: 3-4 people  Extra-large king size bed (180cm x 200cm)  Single sofa bed (80cm x 190cm) *Also possible to place an extra single mattress, on-demand only -- Second bedroom: 2-3 people  Double decker single beds, 2x 80cm x 190cm  *Also possible to place an extra single mattress, on-demand only -- Living room: 2 people  European-king size sofa bed, 160cm x 190cm My apartment is perfectly
35141	Studio 2 rooms in the heart of authentic Paris with view over the rooftops. The marsh area 2 minutes from the Seine and Notre-Dame near metro St Paul, Mary Bridge and City Hall. Beams of the 17th century with original tiles, bathroom and kitchen remodeled, futon sofa bed upmarket. Quiet and warm ideal for couples in love ... Passionate in old french cars i can propose you a ride around the district (or more if suited) on the 2CV Charleston : the mythique French car built in paris after 1945! Don’t hesitate to contact me for more infos. 	Studio 2 rooms in the heart of authentic Paris with view over the rooftops. The marsh area 2 minutes from the Seine and Notre-Dame near metro St Paul, Mary Bridge and City Hall. Beams of the 17th century with original tiles, bathroom and kitchen remodeled, futon sofa bed upmarket. Quiet and warm ideal for couples in love ... Passionate in old french cars i can propose you a ride around the district (or more if suited) on the 2CV Charleston : the mythique French car built in paris after 1945! Don’t hesitate to contact me for more infos. 
35142	From the apartment’s private, street-level entrance, a carpeted staircase leads one flight up to the main floor, where you’ll enter into the large open floor plan of the living and dining rooms. Also on this level are the master bedroom, full bathroom, additional WC, kitchen, and utility room with washer/dryer. Two additional bedrooms and a full bathroom are located on the level above. The living area features a white leather couch and chairs that are arranged around a rustic coffee table and face three sets of French doors that open onto the terrace. The large windows, columns, and floor-to-ceiling bookshelves give the main salon a dramatic height and airiness. Around a corner you will find another seating area on a raised platform. With a large sectional sofa in lavender and playful décor, this room provides a small television nook that is separate from the main salon. Consistent with the red and white motif of the main salon, the dining area has large wood table with seating for eig	At 1,900 sqft, this three bedroom Paris apartment is very spacious and also features a 400 sqft private terrace. Appointed with outdoor furniture and barbecue grill, the terrace is ideal for outdoor eating and entertaining. And being surrounded on th From the apartment’s private, street-level entrance, a carpeted staircase leads one flight up to the main floor, where you’ll enter into the large open floor plan of the living and dining rooms. Also on this level are the master bedroom, full bathroom, additional WC, kitchen, and utility room with washer/dryer. Two additional bedrooms and a full bathroom are located on the level above. The living area features a white leather couch and chairs that are arranged around a rustic coffee table and face three sets of French doors that open onto the terrace. The large windows, columns, and floor-to-ceiling bookshelves give the main salon a dramatic height and airiness. Around a corner you will find another seating area on a raised platform. With 
35143	A rare location with directly across, view on Centre George Pompidou	Clear, pleasant room in my 90 m2 apartment across/vue on Center George Pompidou, at the entrance of the historic & trendy Le Marais neighbourhood.  Walking distance to many tourist sites; 5 min La Seine river, 10 min Notre Dame church. Many transport Metro lines in 2-5 min. A rare location with directly across, view on Centre George Pompidou You have use of my bathroom and kitchen as well as washing machine. I'll be happy to assist you for directions and answering any practical questions you might have. I'm tri-lingual; English, French, Dutch and good notion of German. At the border of Beaubourg area and the historical Le Marais neighbourhood; a trendy district, many cafés, restaurants, museums, galleries, boutiques.. 5 min walking distance to the river la Seine, 10 min to Notre Dame church and Ile St. Louis, 10 min to the famous Rue de Rosiers and continue 5 min you'll arrive at the picturesque Place des Vosges. Go West and in 20 min you'll be at the museum Le Louvre, or the metro whi
35144	Hey you !   We’re living in a very nice duplex right in the center of Paris and we would be happy to welcome you in our place ! We rent a very cosy suite in a 87m2 apartment, with a nice and spacious living room and a pleasant bedroom with ensuite bathroom and wc.  The apartment is in a typical parisian building with an elevator at the end on the hall, it’s on the 5th floor so the view is amazing !	Hello !  We rent a cosy suite in a big duplex apt, pleasant living room and bedroom with ensuite bathroom/wc, painted new recently ! We only share the kitchen, otherwise you own almost the entire floor ! The location is perfect, see you soon ! Hey you !   We’re living in a very nice duplex right in the center of Paris and we would be happy to welcome you in our place ! We rent a very cosy suite in a 87m2 apartment, with a nice and spacious living room and a pleasant bedroom with ensuite bathroom and wc.  The apartment is in a typical parisian building with an elevator at the end on the hall, it’s on the 5th floor so the view is amazing ! We share the kitchen which is fully equipped otherwise you almost have your own studio. We would be happy to give you some nice adresses in the neighborhood  and good tips about Paris ! The location is quite perfect, just next to the Hotel de ville, in the famous Marais. Our place is actually 500m away from the ground zero! You're right in the center o
35145	The apt has two separate bedrooms with double beds. The guest room is private quiet and cozy overlooking the courtyard with a double bed. Bathroom, Kitchen and Living room space will be shared with host. You are welcome to use all amenities in the house.   This place is ideal for solo travelers on business or vacation.  Iron , Hair-dryer, N espresso Coffee will be available for your use.	This Private room is available in Place des Vosges , one of the iconic and bustling area of Paris. From shopping to night life to french cuisine , this is the quarter(Marais) you want to experience for your holiday. The apt has two separate bedrooms with double beds. The guest room is private quiet and cozy overlooking the courtyard with a double bed. Bathroom, Kitchen and Living room space will be shared with host. You are welcome to use all amenities in the house.   This place is ideal for solo travelers on business or vacation.  Iron , Hair-dryer, N espresso Coffee will be available for your use. I ill be glad to offer you help regarding your trip in Paris. It is a beautiful neighborhood with everything you've ever imagined paris to be : french bakeries, restaurants, brunchs, bars, parc, fine art galleries plenty!!, museums (picassos' , victor hugos' house)...  This neighborhood is a food heaven and a treat for designer shopping.  Bastille a clubbing hot-spot with plenty of bars and
35146		Chambre privée lits jumeaux dans appartement de charme en duplex situé dans un hôtel particulier classé au cœur de l'Ile Saint Louis. Calme absolu ! Plein cœur de Paris, très bien desservi. Metro : Saint-Paul, cité. Salle de douche et WC privatifs. Accès cuisine pour le petit déjeuner. Quartier au coeur de Paris, dans l'Ile Saint-Louis, au bord de la Seine, à proximité de Notre Dame, la Sainte Chapelle...... Très bien desservi par le métro, RER, bus....
35147	As a former hotel professional, I consider that the bed is the priority: a real double bed with four pillows, recent, horizontal, clean, with no smell; same for sheets. The same importance comes for the bathroom: shower-bath and toilets work perfectly and are glittering. Stay in touch with your family and friends is also very important, so the WiFi connexion is private, works permanently with excellent cover. If you rent a flat, it's that you might like to cook. The kitchenette is fully equipped: induction with adapted pan and pot, cooking accessories; fridge, freezer; all dishes to eat; a dishwasher. You come on holidays, you will find calm: no noisy neighbour nor neighbourhood, day or night. The place is really relaxing, is it due to the beams, the fireplace, the bright windows, the view on Seine, on the cathedral's arrow? No effort needed, an elevator lifts you to 4th floor. No stress, two electronically locked doors in the building, a renforced door for the flat. Anyway it's a safe	Traditional style apartment with professional comfort: real double bed with clean mattress and sheets; clean toilet and bath; quality WiFi; equipped kitchenette; washing-drying machine. Calm place, bright. Elevator. Middle of the elegant island. 290 square feet As a former hotel professional, I consider that the bed is the priority: a real double bed with four pillows, recent, horizontal, clean, with no smell; same for sheets. The same importance comes for the bathroom: shower-bath and toilets work perfectly and are glittering. Stay in touch with your family and friends is also very important, so the WiFi connexion is private, works permanently with excellent cover. If you rent a flat, it's that you might like to cook. The kitchenette is fully equipped: induction with adapted pan and pot, cooking accessories; fridge, freezer; all dishes to eat; a dishwasher. You come on holidays, you will find calm: no noisy neighbour nor neighbourhood, day or night. The place is really relaxing, is it
35148	This apartment has the ideal location to discover the French capital : very close to the Seine, two steps away from the Village St Paul and 10 minutes away from the historical neighborhood of Le Marais. It is very functional, clear and calm. This beautiful apartment is located on the 5th floor of a top-quality building from the 19th century and provides a stunning view over the rooftops of Paris. The entrance opens up on a homely corridor. The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, a flat screen TV, a fireplace and a dining table with 4 chairs. The separate kitchen is equipped and functional. Two bedrooms are at your disposal, each one with a double bed (one of 140 cm and one of 160 cm) and storage areas. In the bathroom, you will find a bathtub and a washer. The toilets are separate. For the past few years, Le Marais has been the place where artists and creators expressed themselves, led by an audience looking for new trends. Enjoy a wide variety of shops and going-out ven	This apartment has the ideal location to discover the French capital : very close to the Seine, two steps away from the Village St Paul and 10 minutes away from the historical neighborhood of Le Marais. It is very functional, clear and calm. This beautiful apartment is located on the 5th floor of a top-quality building from the 19th century and provides a stunning view over the rooftops of Paris. The entrance opens up on a homely corridor. The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, a flat screen TV, a fireplace and a dining table with 4 chairs. The separate kitchen is equipped and functional. Two bedrooms are at your disposal, each one with a double bed (one of 140 cm and one of 160 cm) and storage areas. In the bathroom, you will find a bathtub and a washer. The toilets are separate. For the past few years, Le Marais has been the place where artists and creators expressed themselves, led by an audience looking for new trends. Enjoy a wide variety of shops and going-out ven
35149	Appartement placer au cœur de Paris sur les quais de Seine. Magnifique vue et une tranquillité totale. Très lumineux et tout équiper. L'une des plus belles vues de Paris vous attends.... Bonne période pour profiter de notre belle ville avec des animations tout l'été. Grand Festival au parvis de l'hôtel de ville à 100 m avec grand concert Mika..... Quartier StMichel historique et au mois d'août Paris Plage avec ces belles animations... Pas mieux que cet belle ville . A ne pas manquer, tout est sur place.	Logement au 5 eme étage sans ascenseur pas de vis à vis. En face de Notre Dame et sur les quais de Paris Centre .  Grand F2 avec balcon bel vue, une grande chambre, cuisine, sejour, wc, salle de bain. Fumeur balcon et pas d'animaux à part exception. Appartement placer au cœur de Paris sur les quais de Seine. Magnifique vue et une tranquillité totale. Très lumineux et tout équiper. L'une des plus belles vues de Paris vous attends.... Bonne période pour profiter de notre belle ville avec des animations tout l'été. Grand Festival au parvis de l'hôtel de ville à 100 m avec grand concert Mika..... Quartier StMichel historique et au mois d'août Paris Plage avec ces belles animations... Pas mieux que cet belle ville . A ne pas manquer, tout est sur place. Toute l'appartement sauf cellier. Je suis à la disposition du hote 24h sur 24h pour toute information, activité et renseignements. Ile st Louis a 30 metre, quartier du Marais, Place de L'hôtel de Ville avec grand Festival au mois de juillet 
35150	2 bedroom apartment in central and convenient Marais neighborhood of Paris (4th arrondissment).  2 sunny living rooms with one balcony.  Full kitchen, wireless internet, cable tv, digital piano, bathtub/shower and toilet. 2 queen beds (1 in each bedroom), 2 couches (1 in each living room).  An inflatable air mattress is available if needed.  Sheets and towels are provided. Smoking is permitted on the balcony, which has a great view of rue de Rivoli. No pets please. There is an elevator in building or you can take the stairs up 2 floors. There is a full kitchen with a microwave, oven, gas stove, refrigerator and freezer. Great location in the Marais just across the street from bus stop, taxi stand and metro line #1 (direct to Louvre, Concorde, Etoile and more). Many stores and shops in the area including a great bakery across the street, 2 grocery stores across the street, chocolate store next door, bars and restaurants in the area.  Boutique clothing stores. 5 minute walk to the Seine,	2 bedroom apartment in central and convenient Marais neighborhood of Paris (4th arrondissment).  2 sunny living rooms with one balcony.  Full kitchen, wireless internet, cable tv, digital piano, bathtub/shower and toilet. 2 bedroom apartment in central and convenient Marais neighborhood of Paris (4th arrondissment).  2 sunny living rooms with one balcony.  Full kitchen, wireless internet, cable tv, digital piano, bathtub/shower and toilet. 2 queen beds (1 in each bedroom), 2 couches (1 in each living room).  An inflatable air mattress is available if needed.  Sheets and towels are provided. Smoking is permitted on the balcony, which has a great view of rue de Rivoli. No pets please. There is an elevator in building or you can take the stairs up 2 floors. There is a full kitchen with a microwave, oven, gas stove, refrigerator and freezer. Great location in the Marais just across the street from bus stop, taxi stand and metro line #1 (direct to Louvre, Concorde, Etoile and more). Many st
35151	Very beautiful building dating from the early 18th century with a very pretty interior courtyard. This is one of the Paris rental apartments located on the ground floor. It is very secure with two digicodes. In addition, a little further up the street there is a police station so safety should not be a worry, even if the Paris apartment is on the ground floor.	Luxury one-bedroom apartment to rent in Paris located just in front Notre Dame de Paris, on the Ile de la Cite. High quality furnishings with antiques and artwork throughout. Suitable for a couple or a family looking to rent in Paris. Very beautiful building dating from the early 18th century with a very pretty interior courtyard. This is one of the Paris rental apartments located on the ground floor. It is very secure with two digicodes. In addition, a little further up the street there is a police station so safety should not be a worry, even if the Paris apartment is on the ground floor. Apartment to rent in Paris of very great standing and space of 45 m2. There is a large living room and a bedroom. The living room has a large settee convertible and a table allowing 4 people to dine. The furnishing is modern and brought to life with antique pieces, original art pieces and ancient accessories such as the ancient Chinese chest of drawers in the bedroom, the two African masks in the sa
35152	"The apt includes: a full size American Kitchen with washing machine, microwave, oven, fridge, toaster, and kitchen supplies. recently renovated bathroom with heated towel rack, towels, hair dryer, shampoo etc.  1 incredibly comfortable Double bed on a loft/mezzanine  two full size (fits person as tall as 1m75) 3-seater leather couches ( comforters, sheets, pillows available)  Huge TV in living room with cable channels, optic-fiber high speed internet, house phone for local calls in France. coat rack with hangers The apt window overlooks the inner courtyard so even though you're situated on the most popular street in the Marais, the apt is quiet at night. please note: -the ceiling height in the living room is 16ft  -the bathroom and kitchen are just under 6 feet high (shower is ideal for persons under 5'11"")  "	"This quiet and  beautiful loft is situated in the very center of the most fashionable and lively  neighborhood of the Marais, at the heart of Paris.  The apt includes: a full size American Kitchen with washing machine, microwave, oven, fridge, toaster, and kitchen supplies. recently renovated bathroom with heated towel rack, towels, hair dryer, shampoo etc.  1 incredibly comfortable Double bed on a loft/mezzanine  two full size (fits person as tall as 1m75) 3-seater leather couches ( comforters, sheets, pillows available)  Huge TV in living room with cable channels, optic-fiber high speed internet, house phone for local calls in France. coat rack with hangers The apt window overlooks the inner courtyard so even though you're situated on the most popular street in the Marais, the apt is quiet at night. please note: -the ceiling height in the living room is 16ft  -the bathroom and kitchen are just under 6 feet high (shower is ideal for persons under 5'11"")  you will have private access t"
35153	Historical city Center - Le Marais - Place des Vosges Subway Saint Paul - Bastille - Sully Morland Welcome to an apartment in the historical and romantic heart of Paris. Ideal for a romantic stay in a refined and elegant place. You'll enjoy the lovely decoration made in high quality materials as much as the attentive and welcome that will be given to you. The trendy Marais district is near the most famous monuments of Paris : indulge yourself strolling from the Place des Vogues to Notre Dame de Paris and then stop on the Saint Louis Island to taste the famous Berthillon ice cream. Loft apartment 22m ² + 6m ² mezzanine 1st floor on a quiet courtyard, industrial building of the 19th century. The kitchen realised in real stone is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, ceramic hob, extractor hood, coffee maker, micro wave, vacuum cleaner, household products and basic groceries and spices.   The bathroom designed in glass and painted concrete is tastefully appointed. bath / shower, basin in p	Historical city Center - Place des Vosges Loft apartment 22m ² + 6m ² mezzanine 1st floor on a quiet courtyard, old industrial building. Mix of real old materials and modern touch  the flat is designed to feel spacious in a small area.  Historical city Center - Le Marais - Place des Vosges Subway Saint Paul - Bastille - Sully Morland Welcome to an apartment in the historical and romantic heart of Paris. Ideal for a romantic stay in a refined and elegant place. You'll enjoy the lovely decoration made in high quality materials as much as the attentive and welcome that will be given to you. The trendy Marais district is near the most famous monuments of Paris : indulge yourself strolling from the Place des Vogues to Notre Dame de Paris and then stop on the Saint Louis Island to taste the famous Berthillon ice cream. Loft apartment 22m ² + 6m ² mezzanine 1st floor on a quiet courtyard, industrial building of the 19th century. The kitchen realised in real stone is fully equipped with fridge
35154	Great flat, in the heart of Paris. The appartement is 50 square meter (165 square feet), located in the Marais, 2 minutes from Hotel de Ville metro station as well as the Center George Pompidou (modern art museum), 5 minutes from Châtelet (access to many metro and train lines). One bedroom with a king size bed, one living room with a convertible couch (perfect for 2 extra people). Full equiped kitchen and seperate (website hidden)/WIFI	Great flat, in the heart of Paris. The appartement is 50 square meter (165 square feet), located in the Marais, 2 minutes from Hotel de Ville metro station as well as the Center George Pompidou (modern art museum), 5 minutes from Châtelet (access to many metro and train lines). One bedroom with a king size bed, one living room with a convertible couch (perfect for 2 extra people). Full equiped kitchen and seperate (website hidden)/WIFI
35155		This will be an unforgettable experience to stay in this apartment, the main living room is the kind of old time: Versailles parquet, 18th century marble fire place with original mirror and painting, wood panelling, extra high ceiling... 
35156	1 spacious living room with flat TV screen, surround sound system, fireplace, folding dining table and its 8 chairs.  The fully equipped American kitchen opens onto the living room and is equipped with all your needs. (Cooking utensils, KitchenAid Robot, etc) + Washing machine dryer combo and a dishwasher of course. The 2 bedrooms have their own bathroom, the main bedroom is equipped with a stylish jacuzzi (many programs, lights, etc)/shower and a queen size bed (160cms) with comfy mattress (we are changing mattress sides every season). Ipod Dock obviously in the bedroom. The 2nd one, smaller, with a shower only and a doublebed (140cms). Unlike in the past, this bedroom now has a proper door (from Dec 13), each bedroom has its bathroom. The toilet is separated. 3rd french floor, no lift. 1 min walking from Bastille subway (4 main lines from there) I recommend this property for a couple who is looking for a special moment in Paris, or people who enjoy indulging themselves :)	This is my beloved apartment, I designed it to ensure everyone a stay in calm, luxury and comfort: Inspired design, mixed walls in bricks, stones and concrete, fireplace, the best kitchen, a so relaxing living area and exotic bedrooms. 1 spacious living room with flat TV screen, surround sound system, fireplace, folding dining table and its 8 chairs.  The fully equipped American kitchen opens onto the living room and is equipped with all your needs. (Cooking utensils, KitchenAid Robot, etc) + Washing machine dryer combo and a dishwasher of course. The 2 bedrooms have their own bathroom, the main bedroom is equipped with a stylish jacuzzi (many programs, lights, etc)/shower and a queen size bed (160cms) with comfy mattress (we are changing mattress sides every season). Ipod Dock obviously in the bedroom. The 2nd one, smaller, with a shower only and a doublebed (140cms). Unlike in the past, this bedroom now has a proper door (from Dec 13), each bedroom has its bathroom. The toilet is sep
35157	This very well decorated is a peaceful place with a perfect location to enjoy Paris. The flat can accommodate ideally 3 persons (maximum 4) with one double bed 140 cm wide in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is well equipped, and perfect to cook a little bit. The living room is luminous, have a great surface.	This 2 room flat with 1 bedroom is a beautiful place next to Bastille which is really famous in Paris and Saint Paul so in the heart of the Marais quarter. This flat of 50m² is very spacious, luminous. Very well decorated, you will enjoy to spend time there! This very well decorated is a peaceful place with a perfect location to enjoy Paris. The flat can accommodate ideally 3 persons (maximum 4) with one double bed 140 cm wide in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is well equipped, and perfect to cook a little bit. The living room is luminous, have a great surface. There is a lift at your disposal. At your disposal all the equipment in the apartment. No animals. No smokers. Internet/Wifi illimited Sheets and Linens TV access You can contact me anytime, by Airbnb or my phone. I remain at your disposal. This quarter is animated, perfect to enjoy Paris. Next to Bastille, Saint Paul, Chatelet. You could do shopping, visit some museums, walk in pedestrian street, hav
35158	Studio élégant, clair et moderne, idéal pour une virée romantique en plein cœur de la capitale. Cuisine équipée de : 2 plaques chauffantes, frigo, four/micro-ondes, bouilloire, cafetière.  Draps et serviettes fournies.  Wi-fi, TV, Enceintes.	"Charmant studio situé au 1er étage d'un magnifique bâtiment ""Monument Historique"" Place des Vosges, à 3 min du métro Saint Paul et Bastille, en plein centre du Marais. Studio élégant, clair et moderne, idéal pour une virée romantique en plein cœur de la capitale. Cuisine équipée de : 2 plaques chauffantes, frigo, four/micro-ondes, bouilloire, cafetière.  Draps et serviettes fournies.  Wi-fi, TV, Enceintes. Nous serons présents à votre arrivée pour vous remettre les clés et vous souhaiter un bon séjour ! Métro Ligne 1 (Saint Paul) ; Ligne 5 / 8  (Bastille) Bus divers"
35159	Once you’ve entered the door to the building you’ll find yourself in the building’s private garden filled with trees, flowers and hedges. Once in the apartment, you feel perfectly relaxed with the high ceilings and the open space. The exposed beams and the rough stone walls make you feel as if you had journeyed back to the 17th century when the building was the Convent of the Billettes (Speaking of which you should really take the time to visit the Billettes Church next door).  	This apartment is located in the heart of the Marais, an area rich in history and full of beautiful mansions, museums and art galleries.  It’s also one of the trendiest neighborhoods in Paris with fashionable bars, boutiques and restaurants. Once you’ve entered the door to the building you’ll find yourself in the building’s private garden filled with trees, flowers and hedges. Once in the apartment, you feel perfectly relaxed with the high ceilings and the open space. The exposed beams and the rough stone walls make you feel as if you had journeyed back to the 17th century when the building was the Convent of the Billettes (Speaking of which you should really take the time to visit the Billettes Church next door).  Guests have exclusive access to the entire apartment.  Towels and linen are provided.  Electricity, heating and cleaning costs are included in the price. We are a real estate agency specializing in vacation rentals in Paris. We are available 7 days a week and often at night.
35160	50 m2 - 2 bedrooms - 3 persons maximum Facing south, lot of sun and very quiet Living room with a fire place, confortable sofa, big table where you'll enjoy your romantic dinners !  Separated and fully furnished kitchen where you may have your breakfast too ! One major bedroom with king size bed (160x200) direct access to the bathroom and toilets. One simple bed room (90x180) (the piano/office room for us !).  Very functional apartment.  Free WIFI access to internet - TV -  A true magic place to discover all the major touristic sites, while fully enjoying Parisian living : Le Marais (the gay area) (5 minutes), Hotel de ville (5 minutes), Place des Vosges (10 minutes), Bastille (10minutes), Le Louvre (20 minutes), Saint Germain des Pres (15 minutes),... you can visit those places walking distance !	Ile Saint-Louis, central & safe localisation.  3rd floor, character, quiet & sunny. On a beautiful courtyard. Modern apartment recently renovated in an historical area, close to Notre Dame, le Marais, Quartier Latin, Bastille. Ideal for 3 persons !  50 m2 - 2 bedrooms - 3 persons maximum Facing south, lot of sun and very quiet Living room with a fire place, confortable sofa, big table where you'll enjoy your romantic dinners !  Separated and fully furnished kitchen where you may have your breakfast too ! One major bedroom with king size bed (160x200) direct access to the bathroom and toilets. One simple bed room (90x180) (the piano/office room for us !).  Very functional apartment.  Free WIFI access to internet - TV -  A true magic place to discover all the major touristic sites, while fully enjoying Parisian living : Le Marais (the gay area) (5 minutes), Hotel de ville (5 minutes), Place des Vosges (10 minutes), Bastille (10minutes), Le Louvre (20 minutes), Saint Germain des Pres (15 
35161	The apartment is at the 4th floor facing a small and quiet a courtyard, in a very quiet area. 2 people in a 1.90m X 1.40m size bed in one bedroom and  2 people in a 2.00m X 1.40m size bed in another bedroom. The apartment is equipped with : TV, unlimited high speed internet access.  Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils The building is equipped with : security code, intercom.  The apartment is located right in the center of LE MARAIS , 50 meters from The Pompidou Muséum!! 	Incredible apartment, one block from Pompidou Museum The apartment is at the 4th floor facing a small and quiet a courtyard, in a very quiet area. 2 people in a 1.90m X 1.40m size bed in one bedroom and  2 people in a 2.00m X 1.40m size bed in another bedroom. The apartment is equipped with : TV, unlimited high speed internet access.  Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils The building is equipped with : security code, intercom.  The apartment is located right in the center of LE MARAIS , 50 meters from The Pompidou Muséum!! The apartment is only for you, to make you feel like it is your home. Nothing personnal is in the apartment that could make you feel embarrassed. During your stay, it is YOUR HOME. Anything that could make your stay more comfortable, more pleasant will be done. Just ask (as long as it is possible)! I will be at the apartment waiting for you to give you the keys and all informations about Paris, the area...  In the apartment, the
35162	In a 17th century building secured by a code and then an intercom, this lovely flat rental in Paris is on the 4th floor without a lift. Entirely renovated and refurnished, this Paris apartment is very comfortable and everything inside is brand new and top quality. In this apartment rental in Paris, one enters first into an entrance hall leading to the living room, which is equipped with a dining table and a very comfortable double sofa bed which allows two further poeple to sleep. It also leads to the bedrooms, the first of which has a double bed and large wall closets which will allow you to store all your luggage and belongings and; the second one which has a smaller bed, a couch and closets too. In the hallway you will find the bathroom equipped with a shower. The toilet is separate. At the end of this hall lies the kichen, entirely equipped and very functional. This apartment in Paris is meant to accommodate five people, but it can take up to six if not all of them are adults. Alth	You will remember for a long time this lovely Paris short term apartment from which you discovered the City of Lights … A comfortable and quiet flat to rent in Paris on the gorgeous Ile Saint Louis. In a 17th century building secured by a code and then an intercom, this lovely flat rental in Paris is on the 4th floor without a lift. Entirely renovated and refurnished, this Paris apartment is very comfortable and everything inside is brand new and top quality. In this apartment rental in Paris, one enters first into an entrance hall leading to the living room, which is equipped with a dining table and a very comfortable double sofa bed which allows two further poeple to sleep. It also leads to the bedrooms, the first of which has a double bed and large wall closets which will allow you to store all your luggage and belongings and; the second one which has a smaller bed, a couch and closets too. In the hallway you will find the bathroom equipped with a shower. The toilet is separate. At 
35163		Very central flat at 2 steps from Notre Dame, Louvre, Seine river, Centre Georges Pompidou museum perfect to visit Paris. 17m2(190sm)  whit everething
35164	This charming flat has been renovated mid-2014 and will offer all the modern comfort you can desire.  You will definitely value the quietness of the apartment itself!!! The bed is really comfy by the way, allowing you to fully take advantage of your stay.  You can use the fully equipped kitchen and even utilize the washing machine if need be.  We love to play the piano, if you wish, you can use that too. Otherwise, you can just turn on the stereo station or use our large choice of CDs at your convenience.   Of course, good quality WIFI is available at all times in the apartment.	You will enjoy your stay in our perfectly located flat at the heart of le Marais. It's quiet, comfortable, and bright, you'll feel like home ! You couldn't be closer to les Archives Nationales, Place des Vosges, Pompidou, Notre-Dame or Le Louvre. This charming flat has been renovated mid-2014 and will offer all the modern comfort you can desire.  You will definitely value the quietness of the apartment itself!!! The bed is really comfy by the way, allowing you to fully take advantage of your stay.  You can use the fully equipped kitchen and even utilize the washing machine if need be.  We love to play the piano, if you wish, you can use that too. Otherwise, you can just turn on the stereo station or use our large choice of CDs at your convenience.   Of course, good quality WIFI is available at all times in the apartment. We hope that you will like this flat and make it your home during your stay. We will be pleased to provide you with all the necessary information about the area, activ
35165	Super comfortable family apartment located in the Marais district, 20 meters from the Georges Pompidou Centre, with 2 bedrooms and a living room, ideal for visiting Paris on foot 200 meters from the Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame de Paris, a 10 minute walk only to the Louvre Museum and Picasso. It s also close to the central railway or metro stations. It is located on the 3rd floor, overlooking the peaceful courtyard as well as the pedestrian Rue Saint Martin with its small shops and restaurants. The kitchen recently refrehed is fully equiped, the two independent and cosy bedrooms offer tranquility Super appartement familial confortable situé dans le Marais, à 20 mètres de Centre Georges Pompidou, avec 2 chambres et un double séjour, idéal pour visiter Paris à pied  à 200 mètres de l'Hôtel de Ville et Notre dame de Paris,10 minutes à pied seulement jusqu'au musée de Louvre et Picasso. Il est situé au 3 ième étage, donnant sur la Rue Saint Martin partie piétonnier avec ses petits commerc	Super comfortable family apartment located in the Marais district, 20 meters from the Georges Pompidou Centre, with 2 bedrooms and a living room, ideal for visiting Paris on foot 200 meters from the Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame de Paris, a 10 minute walk only to the Louvre Museum and Picasso. It s also close to the central railway or metro stations. It is located on the 3rd floor, overlooking the peaceful courtyard as well as the pedestrian Rue Saint Martin with its small shops and restaurants. The kitchen recently refrehed is fully equiped, the two independent and cosy bedrooms offer tranquility Super appartement familial confortable situé dans le Marais, à 20 mètres de Centre Georges Pompidou, avec 2 chambres et un double séjour, idéal pour visiter Paris à pied  à 200 mètres de l'Hôtel de Ville et Notre dame de Paris,10 minutes à pied seulement jusqu'au musée de Louvre et Picasso. Il est situé au 3 ième étage, donnant sur la Rue Saint Martin partie piétonnier avec ses petits commerc
35166	A simple but comfortable and big room to sublet for 1 or 2 people ( there is a double bed and an extra bed is also possible if needed). I rent the room because my roommate is gone, and the new roommate came in october. So the room  is very simple, without decoration.  There is dressing for clothes and table for lunch. The room is 15m2. The rest of the appartment is made up of: -A very cute, colourful and well equiped kitchen with many plates and cutlery, a double hot plate for cooking, a little oven and a washing machine. - A small bathroom with a toilet and shower (linens and towels are available). - The flat has two rooms which are highly sound-proof due to the very thick walls. Therefore you will find that you can relax in your own space. My roomate live in the second room. Other good points:  WIFI and calls to landlines in most european, south american and USA locations as well as some other (japan ...). The flat is located in The Marais, the oldest and most charming part of Paris.	Chambre sobre avec grand lit dans une colocation, au coeur du Marais. A simple but comfortable and big room to sublet for 1 or 2 people ( there is a double bed and an extra bed is also possible if needed). I rent the room because my roommate is gone, and the new roommate came in october. So the room  is very simple, without decoration.  There is dressing for clothes and table for lunch. The room is 15m2. The rest of the appartment is made up of: -A very cute, colourful and well equiped kitchen with many plates and cutlery, a double hot plate for cooking, a little oven and a washing machine. - A small bathroom with a toilet and shower (linens and towels are available). - The flat has two rooms which are highly sound-proof due to the very thick walls. Therefore you will find that you can relax in your own space. My roomate live in the second room. Other good points:  WIFI and calls to landlines in most european, south american and USA locations as well as some other (japan ...). The flat
35167	Situé au coeur du Paris historique sur l'Ile Saint-Louis vous séjournerez dans un appartement de deux pièces refait avec goût donnant directement sur la Seine et deux de ses plus beaux ponts. Les prestations haut de gamme sauront vous séduire: parquet, poutres, pierres apparentes, double vitrage. La cuisine est équipée:  réfrigérateur, congélateur, four électrique, plaques à induction, vaiselle, linge. La salle de bains possède une grande fenêtre ouverte sur une jolie cour pavée et arborée. Tout le linge de maison est fourni. 	Dans un hôtel particulier du XVIIème siècle, charmant appartement au rez-de-chaussée face à la Seine . Cachet et charme caractérisent ce bien. Poutres, pierres apparentes, parquet.    Situé au coeur du Paris historique sur l'Ile Saint-Louis vous séjournerez dans un appartement de deux pièces refait avec goût donnant directement sur la Seine et deux de ses plus beaux ponts. Les prestations haut de gamme sauront vous séduire: parquet, poutres, pierres apparentes, double vitrage. La cuisine est équipée:  réfrigérateur, congélateur, four électrique, plaques à induction, vaiselle, linge. La salle de bains possède une grande fenêtre ouverte sur une jolie cour pavée et arborée. Tout le linge de maison est fourni. 
35168		Charming! Enjoy a memorable stay in Paris in this typical  parisian appartment.  - 55 m2  - 580 square feet  Building XVI century, renovated 2012. Stunning view from the terrace. Tastely furnished and fully equipped. Old wood athmosphere. Kids will l
35169	the   location, the full equipped kitchen, its calm, its good value for money make this studio attractive. The maximum capacity is 2 persons.	"Neighborhood ""le Marais"". Calm Studio and full equipped kitchen, ideal for discovering by foot the most beautiful monuments of Paris and for enjoying this wonderful neighborhood between the ""Place des Vosges"" and "" Notre Dame"". the   location, the full equipped kitchen, its calm, its good value for money make this studio attractive. The maximum capacity is 2 persons. The studio access is easy and completely independant. it is located at the first floor of an old typical house of the Neighborhood ""Le Marais. It will be possible to exchange with the travelers if necessary. the hosts speak French, English, Italian, Spanish. The Neighborhood ""le Marais"" is the oldest and the most beautiful Neighborhood of Paris. The François Miron street is calm in this neighborhood known as animated. You will visit ""Notre Dame"", the ""Place des Vosges"", the ""Hotel de Ville"" and the ""Quartier Latin"" by foot from home. The studio is located at 100m from the Metro station Saint Paul (line 1). From Roissy or O"
35170	By the West window you can see roofs of Paris, Pompidou-Beaubourg Museum and Sacre-Coeur. Cooktop with two induction heater, microwave oven, toaster, coffee maker and other cooking (website hidden) led and Wi-Fi router. Additional bed for a third person if you need one.	"Romantic apartment in central historic Paris Le Marais. Sunny, rooftop, 20m² with kitchen and bedroom separated by nice wooden studs, wc and shower. Nice furniture. Ideal location in heart of Marais, metro Saint-Paul only two mn by walk. Lively neighborhood. By the West window you can see roofs of Paris, Pompidou-Beaubourg Museum and Sacre-Coeur. Cooktop with two induction heater, microwave oven, toaster, coffee maker and other cooking (website hidden) led and Wi-Fi router. Additional bed for a third person if you need one. I will be delighted to welcome you in Paris at my flat and provide you with any information you may need. If you were having problem with your arrival and our meeting time, I will arrange solution to make you feel comfortable. Le Marais is the most trendy part of Paris. Many restaurants, bars and shops everywhere. Hippest night-life. The neighborhood is full of narrow medieval laneways and beautiful ""hôtels particuliers"" built by the noblity at the time kings of Fra"
35171	A charming apartment with the best location ever! 	Charming and typical parisian appartment for two persons in the very heart of Paris. Very convenient location (4 tube stations) and practical (washing machine, dishwasher). Very calm and bright, perfect for a romantic weekend... A charming apartment with the best location ever!  Everything in the apartment except the wardrobe where I store my personal belongings I will be very pleased to give any tips (museum, restaurant, bars, spectacles, transports, etc.) to my guests and will be always available whatever the need or emergency.  It is the exact replica of the Paris you might have seen in movies, with its bridges, cafés, terraces and of course inhabitants. It is a bit of a cliché but we all love it! There are a long list of small shops such as cheese, wine or meet shops.  Tube stations closed to the flat :  - Saint Paul (M1) - Pont Marie (M7) - Cité (M4) - Saint Michel (RER B => Versailles' castle) Buses, boats and bikes in front of the door...
35172	The flat is calm, clean, full of light and comfortable! A big living room with open kitchen and two windows, contains a canapé-bed (that I use at night). Your sleeping room (to go through to access the bathroom - during the day only). Bathroom with bath and toilets. 	    Between Notre-Dame and le Marais areas, Ile-Saint-Louis is the most charming. In a clam flat, full of light, clean, with quite space, this will be really relaxing holidays; rare in Paris! The living room becomes my space at night. The flat is calm, clean, full of light and comfortable! A big living room with open kitchen and two windows, contains a canapé-bed (that I use at night). Your sleeping room (to go through to access the bathroom - during the day only). Bathroom with bath and toilets. Your sleeping room is private; though we have to go through it to access the bathroom, you are not fully disturbed as the furnitures are disposed in order that we don't see inside. After the night, daily, I transform the canapé-bed back in canapé, then the living room then becomes a common place again. You can use the fully equipped kitchen. You have full access to the bathroom. I work from home, so mostly there and available to answer questions about the flat and Paris. We can have dinner in 
35173	A nice room in our Bed and Breakfast with fully equipped kitchen, living room and dinner room, private shower cabinet. Continental breakfast included, sheets and towels furnished.    The kitchen is equipped with 4 hot plates, oven , fridge, dish wacher, micro wave, coffee machine, tea kettle, toaster... In the the lounge you can use the stereo, and you have internet.  There's a table on the beautiful balcony, enjoy the view on several monuments as Beaubourg, St Merri, Notre Dame, Pantheon, Observatoire, and of course on the roofs of Paris ! There is a piano for pianist players! A few steps around the apartment, you will find absolutely all the shops you dream of : bakeries, supermarkets, groceries, tabac shop, flower shop, and rue Rambuteau, some delicious caterers, delicatessens, butcher shop, cheese shop, wein shop.... The apartment is just perfectly located in the heart of Paris. You will be a short walk away from everything : the rue de Rivoli with all it's fashion shops, the Hôtel	A very large room with private bath room in a very French and chic apartment, a large balcony for breakfast  and view.delicious continental breakfast,incredible bread from the best boulangerie of the area . A nice room in our Bed and Breakfast with fully equipped kitchen, living room and dinner room, private shower cabinet. Continental breakfast included, sheets and towels furnished.    The kitchen is equipped with 4 hot plates, oven , fridge, dish wacher, micro wave, coffee machine, tea kettle, toaster... In the the lounge you can use the stereo, and you have internet.  There's a table on the beautiful balcony, enjoy the view on several monuments as Beaubourg, St Merri, Notre Dame, Pantheon, Observatoire, and of course on the roofs of Paris ! There is a piano for pianist players! A few steps around the apartment, you will find absolutely all the shops you dream of : bakeries, supermarkets, groceries, tabac shop, flower shop, and rue Rambuteau, some delicious caterers, delicatessens, b
35174	STANDING Very beautiful building on a small street of the island. Secured by a digicode. Very calm surroundings. The Paris apartment has lovely high ceilings, French windows, wooden floors and a long wooden beam running along its ceiling. It is located on the third floor with an elevator. LAYOUT Very beautiful Paris rental studio of 35 m2, recently renovated and furnished to a very high standard. The apartment has a murphy bed of great quality with a double bed (160*200). The sofa-bed can accommodate a child. The bathroom has an excellent bath / shower. The kitchen is stylish, fully equipped and separate from the main room. There is a mix of Parisian tradition and modern comfort in this Paris rental apartment in the most dreamlike location in the city.	There is a mix of Parisian tradition and modern comfort in this Paris rental apartment in the most dreamlike location in the city. A couple or small family will truly appreciate staying on this gorgeous island, close to everything Paris has t STANDING Very beautiful building on a small street of the island. Secured by a digicode. Very calm surroundings. The Paris apartment has lovely high ceilings, French windows, wooden floors and a long wooden beam running along its ceiling. It is located on the third floor with an elevator. LAYOUT Very beautiful Paris rental studio of 35 m2, recently renovated and furnished to a very high standard. The apartment has a murphy bed of great quality with a double bed (160*200). The sofa-bed can accommodate a child. The bathroom has an excellent bath / shower. The kitchen is stylish, fully equipped and separate from the main room. There is a mix of Parisian tradition and modern comfort in this Paris rental apartment in the most dreamlike location in the 
35175	Pas un bruit dans ce bâtiment ancien au cœur de l'ile Saint Louis. Très bien équipé, c'est un havre de confort qui vous attend. Prévu pour deux, il peut cependant accueillir une troisième personne.	Romantique, au calme, sur l'ile Saint Louis à 200mètres de Notre dame de Paris.  un appartement de 25m²; qui peut recevoir 3 personnes avec une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec douche et lavabo,  un WC séparé avec lave mains et douchette Pas un bruit dans ce bâtiment ancien au cœur de l'ile Saint Louis. Très bien équipé, c'est un havre de confort qui vous attend. Prévu pour deux, il peut cependant accueillir une troisième personne. 2em étage sans ascenseur, entrée sécurisée, Nous communiquerons par internet et par téléphone. L'âme même de Paris, l'ancienne Lutèce! Ou que l'on aille quand on sort de l'appartement on est dans un lieu prestigieux. Notre Dame, Chatelet, la conciergerie, St Paul, Bastille, le quartier latin... Plusieurs stations de métro  juste à côté: Pont marie (3mn); St Paul, Cité, St Michel sont à moins de 5mn à pied. Des bus aussi passent par l'ile. Il est facile de rejoindre le RER (Chatelet 6mn à pied) et l'aéroport (1h20 par RER), gare de Lyon (9mn en taxi, 2
35176	With views on the Place de l'Hotel de Ville, l'Ile St. Louis and Notre Dame, the apartment is ideally located in the center of the Marais and walking distance to the Left Bank. Spacious and full of light, the apartment is 1453ft2 (135m2) on the fourth floor with elevator. 	With views on the Place de l'Hotel de Ville, l'Ile St. Louis and Notre Dame, the apartment is ideally located in the center of the Marais and walking distance to the Left Bank. Très spacious and full of light! With views on the Place de l'Hotel de Ville, l'Ile St. Louis and Notre Dame, the apartment is ideally located in the center of the Marais and walking distance to the Left Bank. Spacious and full of light, the apartment is 1453ft2 (135m2) on the fourth floor with elevator.  You will be greeted upon your arrival at the apartment and handed two sets of keys. A written guide for the Internet, TV etc., maps of the neighborhood with local markets, supermarkets, pharmacies and a list of restaurants will be waiting for you, however everything will also be thoroughly explained in person. In addition, during your stay, should you have any questions or concerns, my assistant who lives nearby can help or assist you.  The metro line 1, stop Hôtel de Ville is a two minute walk away from the ap
35177	In a XVIIIth century building of Paris close to Place des Vosges, Bastille, Seine river, Sleeping part of bedroom separated by thick curtain, one person bed, at the 2nd floor without lift, acces to kitchen(microwave oven,fridge and freezer,electric boiling water for tea and coffee, shower: hair dryer  living room-wi-fi,ironing, simple comfort, no fixed cleaning  all view on a quiet and sunny court,sharing the flat with me, my office is at 50meters,all restaurants, museums, I can accompaign you during few hours walking around my home in Paris historical and paris villages 3 metro stations: St Paul ligne n°1 Bastille, lignes 5,8,1 Sully Morland Ligne 7  The street is a departure of  walking card across Paris GR2A monuments, for your access: 2nd floor , (for North American : third floor )	Look at my flat - plan , it s a separeted part of bed room with a window , you have a one person bed, wardrobe, all closed by curtains , and I give you your key to go in and out , just tell me if you come back sleeping after midnight , In a XVIIIth century building of Paris close to Place des Vosges, Bastille, Seine river, Sleeping part of bedroom separated by thick curtain, one person bed, at the 2nd floor without lift, acces to kitchen(microwave oven,fridge and freezer,electric boiling water for tea and coffee, shower: hair dryer  living room-wi-fi,ironing, simple comfort, no fixed cleaning  all view on a quiet and sunny court,sharing the flat with me, my office is at 50meters,all restaurants, museums, I can accompaign you during few hours walking around my home in Paris historical and paris villages 3 metro stations: St Paul ligne n°1 Bastille, lignes 5,8,1 Sully Morland Ligne 7  The street is a departure of  walking card across Paris GR2A monuments, for your access: 2nd floor , (fo
35178	Welcome to my profile ! and Please read the description :-) My studio is located in the heart of the Marais! The authentic historic center of Paris. You will be close to everything: Place des Vosges , Place de la Bastille , Hotel de Ville , Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis , + + ... less than 15 minutes walking!! Shops , supermarkets , markets, restaurants , bars, etc. in the neighborhood + metro stations and several bus lines ... It is on the 4th floor, STUDIO BEING SMALL BUT VERY NICE AND FUNCTIONAL with internet connection and TV + cable, a kitchenette (fridge + microwave, plate , etc.) and two sofa beds each one has two places , perfect and recommended for 2 or up to 4 simple and nice people who want to discover or rediscover the capital in the ideal base for a short stay with an excellent quality / price ratio ! PS : - Bed linen is provided. - Fees only if the guests don't leave the studio as they fund it! -> 25 eur; in the other case: no fees for cleaning, laundry , etc., etc.  - Arri	Welcome to my profile ! and Please read the description :-) My studio is located in the heart of the Marais! The authentic historic center of Paris. You will be close to everything: Place des Vosges , Place de la Bastille , Hotel de Ville , Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis , + + ... less than 15 minutes walking!! Shops , supermarkets , markets, restaurants , bars, etc. in the neighborhood + metro stations and several bus lines ... It is on the 4th floor, STUDIO BEING SMALL BUT VERY NICE AND FUNCTIONAL with internet connection and TV + cable, a kitchenette (fridge + microwave, plate , etc.) and two sofa beds each one has two places , perfect and recommended for 2 or up to 4 simple and nice people who want to discover or rediscover the capital in the ideal base for a short stay with an excellent quality / price ratio ! PS : - Bed linen is provided. - Fees only if the guests don't leave the studio as they fund it! -> 25 eur; in the other case: no fees for cleaning, laundry , etc., etc.  - Arri
35179	Charmant studio bien situé dans le cœur du Marais. Le quartier est composé de nombreux commerces, boutiques, bars et restaurants au pied de l'appartement. Ce studio de 28m2 est situé au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) et peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes, il donne sur la cour intérieure arborée, à l'abri de l'effervescence. Complètement équipé, vous aurez tout le confort nécessaire durant votre séjour. Pièce principale: L'appartement se compose d'un canapé-lit (140*200 de 14 centimètres d'épaisseur) qui s'ouvre/se ferme en moins de 2 minutes sans enlever les coussins, du linge de lit est fourni, et des rangements sont mis à votre disposition. Le WIFI internet haut débit (20Mbits / s) , une TV écran plat est à votre disposition. Salle d'eau: Vous y trouverez une douche, un lavabo, un sèche-cheveux, des serviettes de bain. L'appartement est équipé d'une machine à laver (lessive comprise), un fer et une table à repasser. Cuisine et courses: La cuisine est entièrement équipée (cafetière, bou	Studio calme et charmant au cœur du Marais. Bien situé dans un quartier festif et agréable comptant de nombreux bars, restaurants ainsi que de nombreuse boutiques. Appartement très bien desservi par les transports publics. Charmant studio bien situé dans le cœur du Marais. Le quartier est composé de nombreux commerces, boutiques, bars et restaurants au pied de l'appartement. Ce studio de 28m2 est situé au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) et peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes, il donne sur la cour intérieure arborée, à l'abri de l'effervescence. Complètement équipé, vous aurez tout le confort nécessaire durant votre séjour. Pièce principale: L'appartement se compose d'un canapé-lit (140*200 de 14 centimètres d'épaisseur) qui s'ouvre/se ferme en moins de 2 minutes sans enlever les coussins, du linge de lit est fourni, et des rangements sont mis à votre disposition. Le WIFI internet haut débit (20Mbits / s) , une TV écran plat est à votre disposition. Salle d'eau: Vous y trouverez une douche,
35180	Excellent location in the Marais (near Metro 1, 11 and 4), close to Palais Beaubourg and the very typical Rambuteau street. - Fully equipped kitchen - Washing machine+ dryer  - One bathroom with bath/shower - Separate toilet room - No lift	Typical Marais flat with a large living room. Very calm and sunny, 4th floor, clear view. Ideal for parents witch children: - One room with a two-person bed  - One room with two single beds for children under 10 Excellent location in the Marais (near Metro 1, 11 and 4), close to Palais Beaubourg and the very typical Rambuteau street. - Fully equipped kitchen - Washing machine+ dryer  - One bathroom with bath/shower - Separate toilet room - No lift Full access to the flat / rooms.
35181	Your private room is located in a large but very well heated and comfortable appartment. Vintage atmosphere for your room of 11m2. 1 single bed, small desk and storage. A quiet space to relax and work in this little cocoon with a cute garden view, very pleasant in summer.	A warm and ideally placed “pied-à-terre” to visit the city for travellers who like the presence of a cat. In the very heart of Paris, in the prestigious district of the Marais, both one of the most famous, historical and trendy districts. Your private room is located in a large but very well heated and comfortable appartment. Vintage atmosphere for your room of 11m2. 1 single bed, small desk and storage. A quiet space to relax and work in this little cocoon with a cute garden view, very pleasant in summer. Bathroom with shower or bath, WC, towels, hairdryer, TV, books, free wifi, sound system, kitchen with interesting cooking equipments (cooktop, cooking oven, dishwasher, washing-machine, refrigerator-freezer, toaster, food processor, etc...) Your hosts ? A librarian and a cat ! Who are happy to live together and don’t know domestic disputes ! Friendly and welcoming ! Mister Cat is not very shy and is know to be a Don Juan ! If you don’t like cat, the apartment is not for you ! As the 
35182	Very charming one-bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris. 200m from Centre Pompidou, walking distances from Notre-Dame de Paris, Chatêlet, Le Marais, Tour St-Jacques... One double-bed (160x190 cm)	Very nice 1-bdrm flat in the heart of Paris' coolest place: Le Marais. 200m from Centre Pompidou, walking distances from Notre-Dame, Chatêlet... 3min walk from Chatêlet-Les Halles (6+ Metro/RER, direct connexions to airports) FULL OF CHARM! Very charming one-bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris. 200m from Centre Pompidou, walking distances from Notre-Dame de Paris, Chatêlet, Le Marais, Tour St-Jacques... One double-bed (160x190 cm) Access to the whole apartment. Smoking is prohibited. I will be here for check-in and check-out, and will explain you all the details about the place. Heart of Paris Le Marais, the perfect place for your stay to be live a real and charming Parisian experience. 3 min walk from Chatêlet- Les Halles (7+ Metro and RER) - Direct connexion to/from airport
35183		Ce charmant duplex se situe en plein coeur du Marais métro Saint-Paul. Profitez de ce cet appartement en plein coeur de la capitale, avec tous commerces à proximité.
35184		Appartement de charme, 35 m²,  idéalement situé en plein cœur de Paris et du Marais. 4 mètres de hauteur sous plafond, mezzanine, poutres apparentes. A deux pas des commerces, bars, brasseries et restaurants. A 3 minutes du métro Saint Paul.
35185	Chambre indépendante  Isolée du reste de l'appartement par un couloi d'entrée Refait à neuf 	Jolie chambre avec douche privée et accès sanitaire.  Lit 2 places, commode, miroir, fenêtre  Chambre indépendante  Isolée du reste de l'appartement par un couloi d'entrée Refait à neuf Je mettrai à votre disposition une bouilloire ainsi que du thé et du café  Je peux également mettre une Tv si besoin Les draps et linge de toilette sont fournis Le quartier est calme, sécurisé , bien desservi, à proximité d'espace vert. Il y a des restaurant, bar et commerces de proximité pour toutes les bourses. Station de velib en face Ligne de métro 1, 8 et 14
35186		Big Loft (60 square meters),  cosy kitchen, bathtube, balcony with table for 2 2 living rooms, both with a view on paris roofs Satelitte TV, Wi FI King Sized Bed location : Marais, 50 meters from Place des Vosges 5th floor no lift
35187	Charmant studio intégralement rénové en plein coeur du Marais. Poutres apparentes au plafond, plancher en bois, salle de bain en marbre avec baignoire et douche fixe. Ce studio est idéal pour un week-end à la découverte de Paris ou pour une semaine de folie en plein coeur du quartier le plus dynamique et historique de Paris : Le Marais.  Le studio a été rénové tel une chambre d'hôtels intégralement équipé pour votre séjour . Un lit King size. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis par nos soins. Vous trouverez sur place une kitchinette équipée si vous souhaitez profitez de petits déjeuners au sein du studio .  Nous avons conserver tout l'aspect typique de la construction parisienne avec le bois apparents .   Le studio est central entre les stations de métro Saint  Paul ou Hôtel de Ville, Pont (website hidden) se situe au premier étage et dispose de grandes fenêtres  avec double vitrage pour un calme absolu. mais aussi pour une jolie vue et un bel éclairage.  Bars, magasins de mode, g	Charmant studio intégralement rénové en plein coeur du Marais. Poutres apparentes au plafond, plancher en bois, salle de bain en marbre avec baignoire et douche fixe. Ce studio est idéal pour un week-end à la découverte de Paris ou pour une semaine de folie en plein coeur du quartier le plus dynamique et historique de Paris : Le Marais.  Le studio a été rénové tel une chambre d'hôtels intégralement équipé pour votre séjour . Un lit King size. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis par nos soins. Vous trouverez sur place une kitchinette équipée si vous souhaitez profitez de petits déjeuners au sein du studio .  Nous avons conserver tout l'aspect typique de la construction parisienne avec le bois apparents .   Le studio est central entre les stations de métro Saint  Paul ou Hôtel de Ville, Pont (website hidden) se situe au premier étage et dispose de grandes fenêtres  avec double vitrage pour un calme absolu. mais aussi pour une jolie vue et un bel éclairage.  Bars, magasins de mode, g
35188		Appartement typiquement parisien au coeur du Marais ( à 50m de la place des Vosges). 6ème étage ( ascenseur). Vue panoramique sur tout Paris (tour Eiffel ). Tout confort moderne. Très bonne literie. Toutes facilités à proximité.
35189	LE STUDIO SE COMPOSE D'UNE  ENTREE ,D'UNE CUSINE EQUIPEE ET AMENAGEE D'UNE PIECE PRINCIPALE AVEC UN LIT DE 2 PERSONNES  D'UNE SALLE DE DOUCHE AVEC WC  APPARTEMENT RECEMMENT RENOVE FRIGO PLAQUES VITROCERAMIQUES MICRO ONDES HOTTE ASPIRANTE LE LINGE DE LIT DRAPS ET SERVIETTES DE BAINS SONT FOURNIS QUARTIER TRES AGREABLE VIVANT AVEC SES NOMBREUX COMMERCES DE BOUCHE  BOUTIQUES DE MODE CAFES ET RESTAURANTS ET AVEC UN GRAND PATRIMOINE ARCHITECTURAL  METROS   A HOTEL DE VILLE ET SAINT PAUL A PROXIMITE AINSI QUE BUS 	LE STUDIO SE COMPOSE D'UNE  ENTREE ,D'UNE CUSINE EQUIPEE ET AMENAGEE D'UNE PIECE PRINCIPALE AVEC UN LIT DE 2 PERSONNES  D'UNE SALLE DE DOUCHE AVEC WC  APPARTEMENT RECEMMENT RENOVE FRIGO PLAQUES VITROCERAMIQUES MICRO ONDES HOTTE ASPIRANTE LE LINGE DE LIT DRAPS ET SERVIETTES DE BAINS SONT FOURNIS QUARTIER TRES AGREABLE VIVANT AVEC SES NOMBREUX COMMERCES DE BOUCHE  BOUTIQUES DE MODE CAFES ET RESTAURANTS ET AVEC UN GRAND PATRIMOINE ARCHITECTURAL  METROS   A HOTEL DE VILLE ET SAINT PAUL A PROXIMITE AINSI QUE BUS heure d'arrivée  15h00 heure de depart  12h00 sejour de 4 nuits minimum
35190	Cosy and calm, with bedroom aside and a matrimonial bed, view over the roof of Paris. Towels and shower gel provided. You just have to come and relax. Free Wi-fi access. Cosy et calme, avec chambre à part et vrai lit, sur cour, vue sur les toits, sans vis-à-vis. Serviettes et gel douche fourni.	Lovely apartment (20sqm) in the very heart of Paris - Le Marais area, nearby Place des Vosges and Hotel de Ville, metro Saint Paul. Full-equiped / bedroom aside / matrimonial bed. Appart cosy en hypercentre tout équipé avec chambre à part / vrai lit Cosy and calm, with bedroom aside and a matrimonial bed, view over the roof of Paris. Towels and shower gel provided. You just have to come and relax. Free Wi-fi access. Cosy et calme, avec chambre à part et vrai lit, sur cour, vue sur les toits, sans vis-à-vis. Serviettes et gel douche fourni. Feel free to contact me so I can recommend you my top places for you to enjoy your stay in Le Marais. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour vous faire découvrir mes meilleurs endroits dans le Marais. In the very center of Paris, nearby rue des Francs Bourgeois et Place des Vosges, perfectly located for shopping and chilling time, many restaurants, bars, and shops opened even on Sundays. En hypercentre, à côté de la Place des Vosges et de la rue des Franc
35191	If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect  for families with children, business trips or to stay with friends. We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 70e and greeter fees 70e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   The apartment is located on the ground floor at the end of a lovely paved and planted courtyard of a very typical Parisian building: 1 huge living room with queen sized sofa bed and 1 single fold out bed,  1 bed room with 1 queen size bed, 1 fully equipped kitchen and  1 fully equipped  bathroom with separate WC. It is equipped with all the amenities you will need during your stay. The kitchen is fully equipped with all the amenities and facilities: multi-function oven, hot plates, fridge/free	In the heart of the Marais, metro Saint Paul and rue des Rosiers are just around the corner, ground floor on quiet paved and planted courtyard,  1 bedroom apartment,  5 sleeps, FREE WIFI internet, telephone and Cable TV If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect  for families with children, business trips or to stay with friends. We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 70e and greeter fees 70e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   The apartment is located on the ground floor at the end of a lovely paved and planted courtyard of a very typical Parisian building: 1 huge living room with queen sized sofa bed and 1 single fold out bed,  1 bed room with 1 queen size bed, 1 fully equipped kitchen and  1 fully 
35192	sous les toits, en plein coeur du quartier Montorgueil, il est à proximité de tous les grands monuments de Paris. Refait à neuf, il offre des prestations haut de gamme. Métro à moins de 100 mètres. Wifi, Home cinema, machine à laver le linge.... quartier piéton unique de Paris avec tous ses restaurants et petits commerces Ligne 3 métro sentier (100 mètres) ou station RER ou Métro Chatelet (300 mètres) Métro à moins de 100 mètres. Wifi, machine à laver le linge.... quartier piéton assez unique de Paris avec tous ses restaurants et petits commerces Ligne 3 métro sentier (100 mètres) ou station RER ou Métro Chatelet (300 mètres) Métro à moins de 100 mètres. Wifi, machine à laver le linge.... quartier piéton assez unique de Paris avec tous ses restaurants et petits commerces Ligne 3 métro sentier (100 mètres) ou station RER ou Métro Chatelet (300 mètres) Métro à moins de 100 mètres. Wifi, machine à laver le linge.... quartier piéton assez unique de Paris avec tous ses restaurants et petits	Bright apartment on the top floor. Great benefits. Heart of Paris near the Louvre and the Palais Royal in the beautiful district of Montorgueil. 100m Metro
35193	Paris centre avec accès à 4 lignes de metro à moins de 5 minutes / paris center with 4 subway line  3 personnes: 1 lits 2 places et possibilité 1 personne supplementaires sur matelas ou canapé / 3 people : 1 2-person bed and 1 additionnal person on air mattress or sofa	    Deux pièces 48m2 accueillant et moderne dans le 4ème, au port de l'Arsenal (Bastille). Seine et Marais à 5 min à pied  / modern and welcoming f2 flat in 4th district, near Arsenal harbour (Bastille), Seine river & Marais at less than 5min wal    Paris centre avec accès à 4 lignes de metro à moins de 5 minutes / paris center with 4 subway line  3 personnes: 1 lits 2 places et possibilité 1 personne supplementaires sur matelas ou canapé / 3 people : 1 2-person bed and 1 additionnal person on air mattress or sofa Appartement totalement equipé avec: -  television, internet (wifi) - cuisine: four, micro-onde, plaques chauffantes Fully equiped flat with: - TV, internet (wifi) - kitchen: oven, wicrowave, heating plates Accueil selon date d'arivée et/ou de départ ( nous ou amis) Email ou telephone Informations/conseils sur quartier, visite disponible à l'appartement /  Welcoming at arrival and/or departure if possible ( by us or by friends) Email or phone Info and advice on neighborhood av
35194	Vous vous sentirez très vite à l'aise dans une ambiance atelier d'artiste. Intérieur lumineux, calme et chaleureux.	Grand appartement de charme situé en bordure des quais de la Seine, dans un hôtel particulier du XVIII siècle sur l'Ile Saint-Louis à proximité de Notre-Dame et du quartier historique du Marais. Vous vous sentirez très vite à l'aise dans une ambiance atelier d'artiste. Intérieur lumineux, calme et chaleureux. Accès à tout l'appartement Quartier en plein centre historique de Paris, tous commerces et monuments à proximité. Tout le charme du vieux Paris! Métro, bus, RER. Accès direct de Roissy par le RER B station Cité
35195	Light large one-bedroom apartment for rent at the Passage du Chemin Vert in the 11th district of Paris.  Capacity - six people, surface area - 76 square meters, the 3rd French floor of a building with elevator and concierge, windows facing the street. The apartment consists of dobble living room(with 3 sofas convertibles ,Tv ,internet with free phone calls local And international ), dining room, bedroom( with bed for two and bed for Baby is also available ,with table for the change and baby chair for the meal )fully equipped kitchen(washing machine,oven,microwave,kettle,grid bread,lava dishes ,coffe machine,etc...)bathroom(towels,hair dryer),toilet, hallway and large balcony with litlle table . Located in a good area not far from the center(10 min walk from Place des Vosges,Le Marais and Bastille where you can find lot of bars and restaurants ).you will find supermarket,bakery very close to the apartement. Metro: Line 5 - Richard-Lenoir, line8- Chemin vert,line 9 - Saint-Ambroise Price	Light large one-bedroom apartment for rent at the Passage du Chemin Vert in the 11th district of Paris.  Capacity - six people, surface area - 76 square meters, the 3rd French floor of a building with elevator and concierge, windows facing the street. The apartment consists of dobble living room(with 3 sofas convertibles ,Tv ,internet with free phone calls local And international ), dining room, bedroom( with bed for two and bed for Baby is also available ,with table for the change and baby chair for the meal )fully equipped kitchen(washing machine,oven,microwave,kettle,grid bread,lava dishes ,coffe machine,etc...)bathroom(towels,hair dryer),toilet, hallway and large balcony with litlle table . Located in a good area not far from the center(10 min walk from Place des Vosges,Le Marais and Bastille where you can find lot of bars and restaurants ).you will find supermarket,bakery very close to the apartement. Metro: Line 5 - Richard-Lenoir, line8- Chemin vert,line 9 - Saint-Ambroise Price
35196	There is 1 double bed and a double sofa bed with extra mattress topper for even more comfort Night blinds in the bedroom and lounge. Can host up to 4 person.  Foldable large table with 4 chairs Wifi, big tv, dishwasher, kettle, washing machine, toaster, toastie maker, oven etc Bathroom with tub and shower. Hairdryer and towels included (as well as sheets for the bed+ sofa bed) Central heating in the lounge, bedroom and bathroom View on a quiet courtyard, very calm and with a lot of light Third floor with elevator	"40m2 cozy and comfy apartment which can host up to 4 people in one of the most charming and well known area of Paris ""Le Marais"" All you need in included and you have all you could dream of at the corner: bakeries, fine cheese and wine shops, pleasant shopping There is 1 double bed and a double sofa bed with extra mattress topper for even more comfort Night blinds in the bedroom and lounge. Can host up to 4 person.  Foldable large table with 4 chairs Wifi, big tv, dishwasher, kettle, washing machine, toaster, toastie maker, oven etc Bathroom with tub and shower. Hairdryer and towels included (as well as sheets for the bed+ sofa bed) Central heating in the lounge, bedroom and bathroom View on a quiet courtyard, very calm and with a lot of light Third floor with elevator You will find absolutely all the shops you can dream of right at the corner: bakeries, supermarket, flower shops, butchers and fine cheese and wine shops.  It is also a well known area for shopping with all classy French"
35197	This peaceful studio apartment is located Rue des Tournelles, a few meters away from the famous Place des Vosges, in the Historic Marais area (4th arrondissement). On the 1st floor without an elevator, it features a charming living room with a convertible sofa, equipped kitchen, and beautiful view on trees and climbing ivy. Accommodates 2 guests, perfect for a romantic stay.  This charming studio of about 20 square meters (about 215 sq ft), includes a pleasant living room with a convertible sofa (140x190 centimeters), a small “bistro” table for two, a TV set, and two large windows. The small kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, stove, fridge, and coffee maker. The bathroom features a sink, small tub, toilet, and washer.  	Lovely studio apartment located Place des Vosges, in the Historic Marais area, 4th arrondissement. 1st floor without an elevator. Great view on trees and climbing ivy. Quiet apartment, at the perfect location.  This peaceful studio apartment is located Rue des Tournelles, a few meters away from the famous Place des Vosges, in the Historic Marais area (4th arrondissement). On the 1st floor without an elevator, it features a charming living room with a convertible sofa, equipped kitchen, and beautiful view on trees and climbing ivy. Accommodates 2 guests, perfect for a romantic stay.  This charming studio of about 20 square meters (about 215 sq ft), includes a pleasant living room with a convertible sofa (140x190 centimeters), a small “bistro” table for two, a TV set, and two large windows. The small kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, stove, fridge, and coffee maker. The bathroom features a sink, small tub, toilet, and washer.  Check-in is from 11:30am. A late arrival fee of 35€ a
35198	The living room is generous, with a nice view on a beautiful tree across the street, and a dining nook where you can unfold a table for a 6 people sit-down diner. The two bedrooms give on to a quiet interior garden/courtyard	This XVIIIth century apartment has kept all its charm (high ceilings, beams) while providing all the modern amenities (endless hot water supply etc...). The living room is generous, with a nice view on a beautiful tree across the street, and a dining nook where you can unfold a table for a 6 people sit-down diner. The two bedrooms give on to a quiet interior garden/courtyard When you arrive, the beds will be made and you will find enough to muster a first diner from the cupboards and the fridge ...where you will also find a bottle of wine. This apartment is in a fantastic neibourghood where you will enjoy walking and visiting the local museums (Picasso, Beaubourg, Carnavalet. You are near the Line 1 of the Paris Metro that can bring you directly to the Louvre, the Concorde, the Champs-Elysées and La Défense. The flat is located in the heart of the Marais near the St Paul and Bastille Metro stops (on line 1) and near the Chemin Vert Metro stop (on line 8). You can also use several Bus L
35199	Charmant petit appartement sous les toits, avec poutres apparentes, en plein coeur du quartier historique du Marais, au 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. Situé dans une jolie cour fleurie, il vous offre un calme parfait. Il comporte un coin bureau, un coin salon, un coin chambre, une cuisine séparée, et une salle de bain.  Il est équipé d'une télévision, d'Internet, d'un lave linge et d’une cuisine équipée. Idéalement situé dans le Paris historique, vous trouverez à quelques pas boutiques de mode, de design (galerie Sentou) et bars sympathiques, sans compter de nombreux restaurants, dont ceux de la place Sainte Catherine. Mention importante : je cohabite dans cet appartement avec deux adorables chats qui ne seront pas là lors de votre séjour mais ceci pourrait indisposer les personnes allergiques.	Charmant petit appartement sous les toits, avec poutres apparentes, en plein coeur du quartier historique du Marais, au 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. Situé dans une jolie cour fleurie, il vous offre un calme parfait. Il comporte un coin bureau, un coin salon, un coin chambre, une cuisine séparée, et une salle de bain.  Il est équipé d'une télévision, d'Internet, d'un lave linge et d’une cuisine équipée. Idéalement situé dans le Paris historique, vous trouverez à quelques pas boutiques de mode, de design (galerie Sentou) et bars sympathiques, sans compter de nombreux restaurants, dont ceux de la place Sainte Catherine. Mention importante : je cohabite dans cet appartement avec deux adorables chats qui ne seront pas là lors de votre séjour mais ceci pourrait indisposer les personnes allergiques.
35200	 Apartment Marais offers both convenience and style.The newly renovated apartment  is Located In the heart of the historical Marais.The apartment is in a quiet street, close by you can find everyhting. The apartment is very comfortable and functional.	In the Heart of Marais Saint Paul SUPER CENTRAL LOCATION-Walking distance to majority of central Paris attractions, if you are looking for a central base, you cant beat this for location. Modern and contemporary well furnished apartment.  Apartment Marais offers both convenience and style.The newly renovated apartment  is Located In the heart of the historical Marais.The apartment is in a quiet street, close by you can find everyhting. The apartment is very comfortable and functional. Le Marais is one the most celebrated neighborhoods in Paris with its countless little clothing boutiques, vintage shops,  bakeries,supermarket,bars, restaurants, and charming little museums. 
35201	Ideally located in the heart of the Marais, this is an apartment of 50 m2, flooded with sunlight and calm, without vis-à-vis, surrounded by a balcony with a beautiful view over the rooftops of the Marais. It is situated at the 4th floor of a building without elevator but with wide stairs. The apartment is very clean and airy, very comfortable and you will not miss anything. Sheets, blankets and towels are provided.  The apartment sleeps 4 adults (+ baby bed possible from 0 to 3 years) Around the apartment, there are great restaurants with lively terraces, beautiful flower-filled parks.  You are 3 minutes from the Place des Vosges, 5 minutes from the Seine, the Ile St Louis and Notre Dame Cathedral, 5 minutes from the Modern Art Centre Beaubourg Pompidou.  Many museums (Picasso, Carnavalet, Cognac Jay, Victor Hugo, Hunting ...) are nearby.  You are in a unique, highly sought after, and one of the most pleasant and central Paris.  You live among the finest 17th century mansions of the Ma	Ideally located in the heart of the Marais, this is an apartment of 50 m2, flooded with sunlight and calm, without vis-à-vis, surrounded by a balcony with a beautiful view over the rooftops of the Marais. It is situated at the 4th floor of a building without elevator but with wide stairs. The apartment is very clean and airy, very comfortable and you will not miss anything. Sheets, blankets and towels are provided.  The apartment sleeps 4 adults (+ baby bed possible from 0 to 3 years) Around the apartment, there are great restaurants with lively terraces, beautiful flower-filled parks.  You are 3 minutes from the Place des Vosges, 5 minutes from the Seine, the Ile St Louis and Notre Dame Cathedral, 5 minutes from the Modern Art Centre Beaubourg Pompidou.  Many museums (Picasso, Carnavalet, Cognac Jay, Victor Hugo, Hunting ...) are nearby.  You are in a unique, highly sought after, and one of the most pleasant and central Paris.  You live among the finest 17th century mansions of the Ma
35202	The location of this studio is exceptional : in the center of Paris, you will be immersed into a quiet medieval atmosphere in a private lane. The architectural heritage of the studio was highlighted (beams, studs, fireplace ...) and upscale amenities make it exceptional. The capacity is 3 persons: a slatted sofa bed (160x200 cm) and an ottoman bed (90x200 cm) provide optimal sleeping. The kitchen is fully equipped with dishwasher, microwave, induction hob, extractor, fridge and washer dryer. The bathroom, in travertine, has a walk-in shower, hair dryer and heated towel rail. Completely renovated in April 2015, this apartment has isolation standards (double glazing and insolated walls). Travelers have also unlimited wireless Internet access, LCD TV with international channels and a mini Hi-Fi. A must in Paris for a romantic break.	Beautiful studio located in a private medieval alley. Courtyard with trees, the countryside in the center of Paris, quiet and picturesque. Completely renovated in April 2015 with upscale amenities. The location of this studio is exceptional : in the center of Paris, you will be immersed into a quiet medieval atmosphere in a private lane. The architectural heritage of the studio was highlighted (beams, studs, fireplace ...) and upscale amenities make it exceptional. The capacity is 3 persons: a slatted sofa bed (160x200 cm) and an ottoman bed (90x200 cm) provide optimal sleeping. The kitchen is fully equipped with dishwasher, microwave, induction hob, extractor, fridge and washer dryer. The bathroom, in travertine, has a walk-in shower, hair dryer and heated towel rail. Completely renovated in April 2015, this apartment has isolation standards (double glazing and insolated walls). Travelers have also unlimited wireless Internet access, LCD TV with international channels and a mini Hi-Fi
35203	"        IN THE 4TH Arrondissement, an exceptional studio in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian area, only five minutes walking from Notre-Dame, Hotel de Ville, Pompidou centre, Bastille and the river. It's in front of the Island Saint Louis.        This charming studio of 30m2 (326sq.ft.) is in a 19th century building. Top floor 6th with elevator, very luminous and quiet (double glazing)  with a panoramic view on the roofs and all Paris (Notre-Dame, Pantheon, Montparnasse tower, Hotel de Ville and Eiffel tower)      The apartment is exactly in the heart of the Marais with an entrance in front of the metro station ""Saint Paul-Le Marais "", at the beginning of the rue de Rivoli -  5 minutes by walk to Bastille and Hotel de Ville and Beaubourg (Pompidou centre) and 10 min by subway to Le Louvre, les Champs-Elysees et L' arc de Triomphe.        Moreover , you have a second entrance to access the apartment (indeed the apt is located in several cute courtyards) at 119 rue Saint Antoine 75004 "	"        IN THE 4TH Arrondissement, an exceptional studio in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian area, only five minutes walking from Notre-Dame, Hotel de Ville, Pompidou centre, Bastille and the river. It's in front of the Island Saint Louis.                 IN THE 4TH Arrondissement, an exceptional studio in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian area, only five minutes walking from Notre-Dame, Hotel de Ville, Pompidou centre, Bastille and the river. It's in front of the Island Saint Louis.        This charming studio of 30m2 (326sq.ft.) is in a 19th century building. Top floor 6th with elevator, very luminous and quiet (double glazing)  with a panoramic view on the roofs and all Paris (Notre-Dame, Pantheon, Montparnasse tower, Hotel de Ville and Eiffel tower)      The apartment is exactly in the heart of the Marais with an entrance in front of the metro station ""Saint Paul-Le Marais "", at the beginning of the rue de Rivoli -  5 minutes by walk to Bastille and Hotel de Ville and Beaubourg "
35204	The apartment consists of: - fully equipped kitchen with microwave, hob, fridge, washing machine and dishwasher, kettle, toaster and all the necessary to cook food. - living room: street is furnished with a sofa bed for an adult, coffee table, and is equipped with a HD TV with DVD player, a mini hi-fi, internet / WiFi access, - Bedroom: with a bed 140 x 200 cm, a wardrobe and a chest of drawers - Bathroom: with shower and washbasin, hairdryer and WC. The linen is provided. Iron and ironing board. Electric heating.	25 sqm apartment, one bedroom on the ground floor overlooking the Seine on Saint Louis Island, quiet. The apartment consists of: - fully equipped kitchen with microwave, hob, fridge, washing machine and dishwasher, kettle, toaster and all the necessary to cook food. - living room: street is furnished with a sofa bed for an adult, coffee table, and is equipped with a HD TV with DVD player, a mini hi-fi, internet / WiFi access, - Bedroom: with a bed 140 x 200 cm, a wardrobe and a chest of drawers - Bathroom: with shower and washbasin, hairdryer and WC. The linen is provided. Iron and ironing board. Electric heating. Located in the Heart of Paris,on the Saint-Louis island, you will be at few minutes walking distance from Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), Place des Vosges, the Cathedrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, the Luxembourg Garden, etc.
35205		Grand studio calme et lumineux. Situé au 5e étage (sans ascenseur) dans le quartier de l 'ile saint Louis, au coeur de Paris. Les atouts : - cuisine équipée - salle de bain avec baignoire - télévision et connexion wifi tel (phone number hidden) 
35206	Located in one of the most fashionable areas of the city with museums, art galleries, shopping, historical architecture and beautiful parks at your doorstep, this stylish penthouse apartment is a gem that combines modern comforts in an environment steeped in history. It has the rare combination of being located in the heart of the city, in the oldest and best preserved neighborhood in Paris, and on the 6th and top floor with an elevator (up to the 5th floor) of a beautiful building which gives the apartment sweeping views over the rooftops of the city and of numerous monuments in the distance, including the Eiffel Tower. The street the apartment is on was created in the 1100s and is considered one of the most beautiful medieval streets in the city, even by high Parisian standards. The apartment is air-conditioned, with a fully-equipped kitchen and modern bathroom.  The apartment has been fully renovated: the bathroom, kitchen, and all the appliances are new and of the highest quality, 	A beautiful penthouse apartment with sweeping rooftop views, located in the heart of the Marais that combines historic beauty with every modern convenience, including an elevator (rare in this neighborhood) and air-conditioning. Located in one of the most fashionable areas of the city with museums, art galleries, shopping, historical architecture and beautiful parks at your doorstep, this stylish penthouse apartment is a gem that combines modern comforts in an environment steeped in history. It has the rare combination of being located in the heart of the city, in the oldest and best preserved neighborhood in Paris, and on the 6th and top floor with an elevator (up to the 5th floor) of a beautiful building which gives the apartment sweeping views over the rooftops of the city and of numerous monuments in the distance, including the Eiffel Tower. The street the apartment is on was created in the 1100s and is considered one of the most beautiful medieval streets in the city, even by high
35207	Juste à côté du centre Pompidou, très lumineux et confortable 2 pièces de 35m2 au 4è étage avec ascenseur, pouvant accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes.  Situé dans le fameux quartier du Marais, 1 mn du métro Rambuteau, 10mn à pied de Notre dame cathédrale.  Very convenient place for you to visit Paris. 1 min from Rambuteau subway station, in the famous Marais area. Capacity: 2-4 people. Living room with sofa/ bed (1M40 x 1M90) for 2 people of average height. Bedroom with a quality queen bed 1M60 X 2M for 2 people. Noiseless windows Dining corner with a table+ 2 chairs. Large bathroom included bathtub with attached shower. Hairdryer. Kitchen with all equipment needed: fridge, washing machine, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, electric kettle, Ironing. Linen and towels are furnished. Rambuteau Str. and Temple Str. with a lot of restaurants, cafés, bakeries, shops and supermarkets just around the corner. Complete instructions for arrival will be sent prior to your stay	Just next to the George Pompidou Museum. Perfect location in the heart of Paris. 4th floor with a lift.  35m2 (377 ft2)  Lovely and cosy one bedroom apartment. A few steps from Hotel de ville. 10 min walk to NotreDame Cathedral. 15 mn to the Louvre. Juste à côté du centre Pompidou, très lumineux et confortable 2 pièces de 35m2 au 4è étage avec ascenseur, pouvant accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes.  Situé dans le fameux quartier du Marais, 1 mn du métro Rambuteau, 10mn à pied de Notre dame cathédrale.  Very convenient place for you to visit Paris. 1 min from Rambuteau subway station, in the famous Marais area. Capacity: 2-4 people. Living room with sofa/ bed (1M40 x 1M90) for 2 people of average height. Bedroom with a quality queen bed 1M60 X 2M for 2 people. Noiseless windows Dining corner with a table+ 2 chairs. Large bathroom included bathtub with attached shower. Hairdryer. Kitchen with all equipment needed: fridge, washing machine, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, electric kettle, I
35208	We offer you a nice room in the heart of Paris, in the Marais. The room has 2 night tables and a hanging rail, in a typical parisian flat. Free Wifi acces ! Shared bathroom with 2 sinks and a baht tub. Toilets are separated. You will sleep in a closed room with a big window. It's a queen size bed (140x190). The appartment is on the 2nd floor with elevator. It's a great situation in the center of Paris : 10 mn by walk from Notre Dame, Bastille and Châtelet.  By public transportations : 30mn from the Eiffel Tower, 15 mn from Champs Elysées, 1h from Disneyland.  We have 2 subway stations (3 min by walk) : Saint Paul and Pont Marie and several buses.  Bakery, supermarkets and shops nearby, ideal for shopping.  We offer the typical french breakfast : croissant, baguette and café ! You will have a full guide at disposal with all informations. About us : I'm France (yes like the country !), I work in audiovisual, Anne-Françoise, my mum, is retired and could give you advice about your visits. 	Come discover our wonderful Paris ! We offer you a nice room in the heart of Paris, in the Marais. The room has 2 night tables and a hanging rail, in a typical parisian flat. Free Wifi acces ! Shared bathroom with 2 sinks and a baht tub. Toilets are separated. You will sleep in a closed room with a big window. It's a queen size bed (140x190). The appartment is on the 2nd floor with elevator. It's a great situation in the center of Paris : 10 mn by walk from Notre Dame, Bastille and Châtelet.  By public transportations : 30mn from the Eiffel Tower, 15 mn from Champs Elysées, 1h from Disneyland.  We have 2 subway stations (3 min by walk) : Saint Paul and Pont Marie and several buses.  Bakery, supermarkets and shops nearby, ideal for shopping.  We offer the typical french breakfast : croissant, baguette and café ! You will have a full guide at disposal with all informations. About us : I'm France (yes like the country !), I work in audiovisual, Anne-Françoise, my mum, is retired and could
35209	"Enjoy your stay in the famous ILE SAINT LOUIS very close to the Notre Dame de Paris. You will live in the center of Paris and go to Notre Dame less than 2 minutes walk ! very amazing !!! The apartment is in an old parisian building (17th century), very nice, quite and very confortable with all the furnitures you need (bed, TV, wifi towels, linen, ect....)  There is the AC. 4 people can easily sleep in this flat.  The sofa bed is very luxuary and confotable and easy to use, in the room, the bed is quite big. you have a table and chairs in the living room. The kitchen is fully equiped. the area is one of the most secured area ( and where the real estate is the most expensive in Paris ) so many famous people are living there. You can park your car around very easily if you are lucky to find a place.  You can use the Public bicycle called ""VELIB"" for one hour or 1 day (very easy I can explain to you) and discover Paris. All the good restaurants, bakery, retails are very close to the flat. "	"Enjoy your stay in the famous ILE SAINT LOUIS very close to the Notre Dame de Paris. You will live in the center of Paris and go to Notre Dame less than 2 minutes walk ! very amazing !!! The apartment is in an old parisian building (17th century), very nice, quite and very confortable with all the furnitures you need (bed, TV, wifi towels, linen, ect....)  There is the AC. 4 people can easily sleep in this flat.  The sofa bed is very luxuary and confotable and easy to use, in the room, the bed is quite big. you have a table and chairs in the living room. The kitchen is fully equiped. the area is one of the most secured area ( and where the real estate is the most expensive in Paris ) so many famous people are living there. You can park your car around very easily if you are lucky to find a place.  You can use the Public bicycle called ""VELIB"" for one hour or 1 day (very easy I can explain to you) and discover Paris. All the good restaurants, bakery, retails are very close to the flat. "
35210	Le logement est confortable, clair,4ème étage (sans ascenseur) ,au calme, literie de luxe pour 4 , dans chambre lit de 160x190,salle de bains avec baignoire, wc séparés, cuisine entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, four, micro ondes, lave et sèche linge,petit local privé au rez de chaussée.	Au Coeur du Marais, village St Paul, au calme, appartement tout confort,pour 4 personnes, état neuf, près de la Seine , bouquinistes , Notre Dame à 10  mn à pied, nous sommes disponibles pour vous aider à passer un agréable séjour. Le logement est confortable, clair,4ème étage (sans ascenseur) ,au calme, literie de luxe pour 4 , dans chambre lit de 160x190,salle de bains avec baignoire, wc séparés, cuisine entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, four, micro ondes, lave et sèche linge,petit local privé au rez de chaussée. tout l 'appartement est mis à disposition Ma famille peut vous aider à trouver de bonnes adresses, restaurants , musées, sorties nocturnes selon vos gouts, nous parlons français, anglais et allemand couramment Le Marais est au centre de Paris , de là , beaucoup de visites de monuments à pied, les bords de Seine , Paris Plage à 2 pas!! commerces ouverts tard, et malgré tout très au calme, métro et bus proches permettant de se rendre rapidement dans tous quartiers.Nous pouv
35211	Cet appartement est particulièrement bien placé. Il est lumineux et a des pièces à vivre très agréables. This apartment is well placed . It is bright and living rooms very pleasant.	Cet appartement est particulièrement bien placé. Il est lumineux et a des pièces à vivre très agréables. This apartment is well placed . It is bright and living rooms very pleasant. Centre Historique de Paris: le MaraisHistoric Centre of Paris: the Marais métro saint- Paul  subway Saint Paul Appartement 2 chambres. 1 chambre lit double, 1 chambre avec 2 lits simples dont un en mezzanine.One bathroom 2 bedroom apartment . 1 double bed, 1 bedroom with 2 single beds and a mezzanine.
35212	Very charming for 1 or 2 person (couples only, no kids). Check in and out is flexible, late arrival is ok. Please let me know your arrival and departure time. I live in China, key is available there for your arrival. The STUDIO is located on the 5th and last floor (6th US floor), under the roof (beware it can be very hot in summer and no air conditioning).  NO ELEVATOR, old parisian building. Secure building with 2 digicodes.  Studio has a security lock. Stairs can be high, be careful, also the ladder up to the mezzanine is not easy at all (small steps). - a luminous room with sofa (not a sofa bed), dining table, 2 chairs, shelves, cupboards, electric heater, - a mezzanine with a 2 persons bed (140 cm, not a big size, can be small for tall people), a desk, armchair, shelves, heater, fan, electric heater, - kitchenette fully equipped with cooking plates, nice PLASTIC tableware, fridge, micro wave, electric kettle, - a real bathroom with a bathtub, toilets, washbasin, shelves and cupboar	ROOFTOP STUDIO IN SAINT-PAUL le Marais  NON SMOKING apartment. Very charming for 1 or 2 person (couples only, no kids). Check in and out is flexible, late arrival is ok. Please let me know your arrival and departure time. I live in China, key is available there for your arrival. The STUDIO is located on the 5th and last floor (6th US floor), under the roof (beware it can be very hot in summer and no air conditioning).  NO ELEVATOR, old parisian building. Secure building with 2 digicodes.  Studio has a security lock. Stairs can be high, be careful, also the ladder up to the mezzanine is not easy at all (small steps). - a luminous room with sofa (not a sofa bed), dining table, 2 chairs, shelves, cupboards, electric heater, - a mezzanine with a 2 persons bed (140 cm, not a big size, can be small for tall people), a desk, armchair, shelves, heater, fan, electric heater, - kitchenette fully equipped with cooking plates, nice PLASTIC tableware, fridge, micro wave, electric kettle, - a real b
35213	Situated in the oldest part of Paris in the fashionable Le Marais District is this classically decorated apartment overlooking the River Seine. Notre Dame Cathedral is a 5-minute walk away. Enjoy a pleasant stay in this comfortable apartment with a traditional decor. Pretty patterns and neutral tones can be found within the 2 double bedrooms. Lounge on a gentle sofa and relish a relaxing night in using the flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi. The modern kitchen is equipped with the utensils needed to prepare delicious meals to be savoured upon an upholstered dining table.  Pont Marie Paris Metro Station is within a 2-minute walking distance. Walk for just 2 minutes’ to the beautiful Hôtel de Ville Building. The Pompidou Centre is a 5-minute walk away, as is both the Picasso Museum and the Carnavalet Museum.  The surrounding area is filled with fashion stores, trendy bars and restaurants and a number of tourist boats which guests can embark to discover the other side of the city. 	Situated in the oldest part of Paris in the fashionable Le Marais District is this classically decorated apartment overlooking the River Seine. Notre Dame Cathedral is a 2-minutes walk away Situated in the oldest part of Paris in the fashionable Le Marais District is this classically decorated apartment overlooking the River Seine. Notre Dame Cathedral is a 5-minute walk away. Enjoy a pleasant stay in this comfortable apartment with a traditional decor. Pretty patterns and neutral tones can be found within the 2 double bedrooms. Lounge on a gentle sofa and relish a relaxing night in using the flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi. The modern kitchen is equipped with the utensils needed to prepare delicious meals to be savoured upon an upholstered dining table.  Pont Marie Paris Metro Station is within a 2-minute walking distance. Walk for just 2 minutes’ to the beautiful Hôtel de Ville Building. The Pompidou Centre is a 5-minute walk away, as is both the Picasso Museum and the Carnavalet Museu
35214	In the heart of the historic Paris neighbourhood, Le Marais is located steps from the Place des Vosges and a few blocks from the Louvre, the apartment is located near the Tube Station St. Paul, on a line that takes you in no time to all your favourite destinations: on the Champs Elysees, Saint Germain, Eiffel Tower, etc.. The apartment is located at 6 Street de Sevigne, in a building classified as historic and which have been totally renovated. You'll find a charming kitchen open onto the living room with authentic walls and exposed timber on the sealing. Your host selects for you the best tanks and leaves you with its wine cellar. A nice room and a dressing room to store all the wonders you have succumbed on rue Des Rosiers Street will satisfy you for a short rest between visits or an unforgettable night in the heart of Paris. For your children or friends, a comfortable sofa bed in the living room will allow them to spend an equally beautiful night. In the morning, enjoy the best vien	In the heart of the historic Paris neighbourhood, Le Marais is located steps from the Place des Vosges and a few blocks from the Louvre, the apartment is located near the Tube Station St. Paul, on a line that takes you in no time to all your favourite destinations: on the Champs Elysees, Saint Germain, Eiffel Tower, etc.. The apartment is located at 6 Street de Sevigne, in a building classified as historic and which have been totally renovated. You'll find a charming kitchen open onto the living room with authentic walls and exposed timber on the sealing. Your host selects for you the best tanks and leaves you with its wine cellar. A nice room and a dressing room to store all the wonders you have succumbed on rue Des Rosiers Street will satisfy you for a short rest between visits or an unforgettable night in the heart of Paris. For your children or friends, a comfortable sofa bed in the living room will allow them to spend an equally beautiful night. In the morning, enjoy the best vien
35215	"PLEASE NOTE:  !!!! Only the kid room is closed by a door, the others are semi open!!!!  Perfect for a family !  The apartment is very calm, located in a stunning environment, inside a classified building of the historical & central area of Le Marais in Paris, one minute from the River Seine. Duplex 120m2 in the ""village saint paul""  Ground floor : dining room & kitchen all equiped First floor: Room with a 2 persons bed. + little bathroom Sofa room with two 1 person bed (perfect for childrens)  Big living room with cheminée  Kid room + 1 bathroom Amazing duplex like a country house. Courtyard view.  Calm and confortable !  For decoration lovers! The heart of le Marais METRO STATION: SAINT-PAUL , SULLY MORLAND, BASTILLE"	"Perfect for a family!  Duplex 120m2 in the ""village saint paul""  Ground floor : dining room & kitchen all equiped First floor: Room with a 2 persons bed. + little bathroom Sofa room with two 1 person bed (perfect for childrens)  Big living room with cheminée  Kid room + 1 bathroom The heart of le Marais METRO STATION: SAINT-PAUL , SULLY MORLAND, BASTILLE"
35216	This is a 302 square feet (approx: 28 square meters) studio, located on rue des Tournelles in the 4th district of Paris in the heart of the Marais right behind the Place des Vosges and close to the Seine (1st French floor). It consists of a living/dining room with a bed that can be built in the closet, a opened equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The services are of quality, the decoration is neat and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 persons.	Close to the Place des Vosges, one of the most beautiful places of Paris. Apartment very comfortable with a double bed. It can welcome up 2 people, possible long stay. This is a 302 square feet (approx: 28 square meters) studio, located on rue des Tournelles in the 4th district of Paris in the heart of the Marais right behind the Place des Vosges and close to the Seine (1st French floor). It consists of a living/dining room with a bed that can be built in the closet, a opened equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The services are of quality, the decoration is neat and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 persons. - Wifi unlimited - International tv channels - Dvd player - Sheets and towels I am at your disposition throughout your stay. This district is amazing, your are at the Place des Vosges, one of the most beautiful places of the capital. You can find everything arouned the apartment (supermarket, bar, restaurant, trendy shop, museum, gallery, parc.......) The architectu
35217	This prestigious 55 sq metre apartment, completely redecorated in 2011 with excellent finishings, is situated on the first floor, the “étage noble”, of a renovated historical building dating back to 1643, with elevator and janitor. The house is very quiet and has got an entrance hall, a large living room, a comfortable double bedroom, a well-equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The elegant and spacious living room boasts a decorative 18th century stone fireplace, 17th century up to 20th century oil paintings and gouaches and two large windows overlooking the Seine and giving the chance to enjoy a fantastic view of the river, the Marie and Louis-Philippe bridges, the Paris city hall etc.. as well as the sight of the bateaux-mouches chugging down the river! The kitchen is full equipped with any electric appliance (oven, microwave, silent dish-washer, washer-dryer, coffee maker etc..). The bedroom is very spacious and peaceful and is characterized by two windows on the courtyard, high quality	A luxury river-view apartment on the Ile Saint-Louis, a spellbinding tiny island on the river Seine. This prestigious 55 sq metre apartment, completely redecorated in 2011 with excellent finishings, is situated on the first floor, the “étage noble”, of a renovated historical building dating back to 1643, with elevator and janitor. The house is very quiet and has got an entrance hall, a large living room, a comfortable double bedroom, a well-equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The elegant and spacious living room boasts a decorative 18th century stone fireplace, 17th century up to 20th century oil paintings and gouaches and two large windows overlooking the Seine and giving the chance to enjoy a fantastic view of the river, the Marie and Louis-Philippe bridges, the Paris city hall etc.. as well as the sight of the bateaux-mouches chugging down the river! The kitchen is full equipped with any electric appliance (oven, microwave, silent dish-washer, washer-dryer, coffee maker etc..). The bed
35218	Charming studio of 25 m2 with tiled floor, mezzanine and exposed beams located on the 4th floor (no elevator sorry). Courtyard, a lovely small condominium. Warm, extraordinarily quiet, clean and cozy, you'll be right at home! My studio consists of:  - A large living room with sofa (possibility sofa bed for 2 people, ideal for comfortably watching a good movie!), Coffee table and TV.  - A fully equipped kitchen: fridge, x2 hotplates, mini oven SEB, microwave, coffee maker, electric kettle, toaster, juicer, crockery course and many cooking utensils.  - A bathroom with toilet (hairdryer provided)  - A mezzanine sleeping area consists of a 2 seater mattress 140x200cm (skylight and fan for ventilation during hot summer nights). I provide sheets and towels.	Ideally located between Saint Paul, Place des Vosges and the Saint Louis island, quiet and charming studio is the ideal starting point for walks in the historic yet vibrant and trendy Marais! Charming studio of 25 m2 with tiled floor, mezzanine and exposed beams located on the 4th floor (no elevator sorry). Courtyard, a lovely small condominium. Warm, extraordinarily quiet, clean and cozy, you'll be right at home! My studio consists of:  - A large living room with sofa (possibility sofa bed for 2 people, ideal for comfortably watching a good movie!), Coffee table and TV.  - A fully equipped kitchen: fridge, x2 hotplates, mini oven SEB, microwave, coffee maker, electric kettle, toaster, juicer, crockery course and many cooking utensils.  - A bathroom with toilet (hairdryer provided)  - A mezzanine sleeping area consists of a 2 seater mattress 140x200cm (skylight and fan for ventilation during hot summer nights). I provide sheets and towels. Free unlimited wifi Unlimited landline to land
35219	Only 100m from St Paul, this charming, quiet, fully refurbished and carefully decorated studio is located right in the heart of the historical Paris. The Marais is one of the oldest areas, surrounded with Middle Age monuments, although nowadays one of the most buyoant neighborhoods in Paris. On the fourth floor of an historically classified building of the XVIIth century, your apartment is located right in front of one of the most beautiful Church in Paris. The apartment is very quiet as the two window are giving on a private courtyard. Curtains and window placement provide complete privacy.  The apartment is an easy minute walk from St Paul Saint-Paul metro. You will have at your doorstep the widest choice of Parisian boutiques and fine gourmet stores, including traditional bakery, French brasseries with their charming terrace, exclusive antiques and design shop.  It is the perfect starting point of a unique and unforgettable walk around the Marais, Ile St Louis and Place des Vosges, 	This lovely studio has been designed for the most romantic escapade in Paris! Located very close to St Paul Church, in the very heart of Le Marais, we will offer you the most amazing service you can expect! Just read the reviews:) Only 100m from St Paul, this charming, quiet, fully refurbished and carefully decorated studio is located right in the heart of the historical Paris. The Marais is one of the oldest areas, surrounded with Middle Age monuments, although nowadays one of the most buyoant neighborhoods in Paris. On the fourth floor of an historically classified building of the XVIIth century, your apartment is located right in front of one of the most beautiful Church in Paris. The apartment is very quiet as the two window are giving on a private courtyard. Curtains and window placement provide complete privacy.  The apartment is an easy minute walk from St Paul Saint-Paul metro. You will have at your doorstep the widest choice of Parisian boutiques and fine gourmet stores, inclu
35220	LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM/KITCHEN  The front entrance door takes you directly to the main room of the house; the comfortable living/dining/kitchen area. This 48 square meter room has 3 1/2 meter high ceilings with exposed wood beams, a calming green color for the walls and hard wood floors. The room is perfect for entertaining and relaxing, cooking and having a glass of wine, all is at your fingertips. This apartment also features an open american kitchen with all of the modern conveniences: 4 burners, large fridge with freezer, dishwasher, oven, microwave oven, toaster, coffee maker, water boiler, built-in shelves and cupboards, and all the dishes and kitchen utensils necessary.  The dining area is tucked nicely in a corner in front of the window with a table that seats 4-6 people. The kitchen and dining are integrated into the living area; a large space with a sofa (bed), comfortable antique arm-chairs, coffee table, end tables, flat screen tv and dvd player, mirrors, stereo, book case	17th Century apartment in the center of Paris. Short walks to any monument and the hidden gems of the Marais. Open 17th-century staricase, exposed beams and open kitchen. Anything you need and close to it all!  convenient subway line 2 mintues away. LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM/KITCHEN  The front entrance door takes you directly to the main room of the house; the comfortable living/dining/kitchen area. This 48 square meter room has 3 1/2 meter high ceilings with exposed wood beams, a calming green color for the walls and hard wood floors. The room is perfect for entertaining and relaxing, cooking and having a glass of wine, all is at your fingertips. This apartment also features an open american kitchen with all of the modern conveniences: 4 burners, large fridge with freezer, dishwasher, oven, microwave oven, toaster, coffee maker, water boiler, built-in shelves and cupboards, and all the dishes and kitchen utensils necessary.  The dining area is tucked nicely in a corner in front of the w
35221	appartement vivant  a proximité de tous les sites touristiques	appartement vivant en plein coeur du marais au 4eme etage avec ascenseur. dispose de 2 chambres avec lit double. appartement donnant sur cour ( calme) ligne de metro 1 (5mins) ainsi que station de RER les halles(10min)  a proximité appartement vivant  a proximité de tous les sites touristiques metro ligne 1 hotel de ville RER les halles ce quartier est semblable  a un petit village. 
35222		En plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du Centre Pompidou et de l'hôtel de Ville, dans une rue calme avec une vue sur la Tour Saint Jacques. Ce quartier est parfait pour profiter de Paris tout en restant à l'écart de l'agitation urbaine. L'appartement est situé à 2 mins du métro Hotel de Ville (ligne 1)
35223	In a 17th century building secured by a code and then an intercom, this lovely flat rental in Paris is on the 4th floor without a lift. Entirely renovated and refurnished, this Paris apartment is very comfortable and everything inside is brand new and top quality. 	You will remember for a long time this lovely Paris short term apartment from which you discovered the City of Lights … A comfortable and quiet flat to rent in Paris on the gorgeous Ile Saint Louis. In a 17th century building secured by a code and then an intercom, this lovely flat rental in Paris is on the 4th floor without a lift. Entirely renovated and refurnished, this Paris apartment is very comfortable and everything inside is brand new and top quality. In this apartment rental in Paris, one enters first into an entrance hall leading to the living room, which is equipped with a dining table and a very comfortable double sofa bed which allows two further poeple to sleep. It also leads to the bedrooms, the first of which has a double bed and large wall closets which will allow you to store all your luggage and belongings and; the second one which has a smaller bed, a couch and closets too. In the hallway you will find the bathroom equipped with a shower. The toilet is separate. At 
35224	Le studio fait 33m² et a un coin chambre, un coin salon et un coin salle à manger. La cuisine, que l'on peut fermer par un placard lorsqu'on ne s'en sert pas, est toute équipée et a un bar américain. La salle de bains possède un lavabo, des toilettes et une baignoire. Le studio sera très confortable pour 2 personnes. La grande baie vitrée est très agréable et gorge le studio de soleil en fin d'après-midi !	Studio de 33m² très lumineux et donnant sur une cour intérieure donc très calme. Jolie vue sur les toits de (website hidden) américain séparant la cuisine du reste de la pièce. Parfait pour 2 personnes. A 5 minutes à pied de Bastille ou du Marais ! Le studio fait 33m² et a un coin chambre, un coin salon et un coin salle à manger. La cuisine, que l'on peut fermer par un placard lorsqu'on ne s'en sert pas, est toute équipée et a un bar américain. La salle de bains possède un lavabo, des toilettes et une baignoire. Le studio sera très confortable pour 2 personnes. La grande baie vitrée est très agréable et gorge le studio de soleil en fin d'après-midi ! L'entrée de l'immeuble est sécurisée par un digicode puis un interphone, et il y a un ascenseur. Vous pourrez profiter de l'ensemble des équipements de l'appart' (four, plaques à induction, machine à laver, Wifi...), je vous ferai une petite visite pour vous expliquer tout cela ! Je m'arrangerai pour vous accueillir au début de votre séjou
35225	Place des Vosges is a high standard duplex apartment, located on the 3rd and 4th floor of a XIX century building. The simple elegance of the bright living room will seduce you with a mix of contemporary and rustic furniture, wooden beams and parquet floor, it has a comfortable double sofa bed, flat- screen TV. The fully equipped kitchen is open to this space, you will be able to have dinner in a warm and friendly atmosphere around the table. Access to the lower floor (duplex reversed) is via a spiral staircase. You will find two bedrooms, one double, one with two single beds and a bathroom with shower. Needless to say that the apartment is equipped with heating, free WIFI to be able to stay connected with family and friends, obviously less fortunate than you.	An amazing duplex in the heart of the Marais. Place des Vosges is a high standard duplex apartment, located on the 3rd and 4th floor of a XIX century building. The simple elegance of the bright living room will seduce you with a mix of contemporary and rustic furniture, wooden beams and parquet floor, it has a comfortable double sofa bed, flat- screen TV. The fully equipped kitchen is open to this space, you will be able to have dinner in a warm and friendly atmosphere around the table. Access to the lower floor (duplex reversed) is via a spiral staircase. You will find two bedrooms, one double, one with two single beds and a bathroom with shower. Needless to say that the apartment is equipped with heating, free WIFI to be able to stay connected with family and friends, obviously less fortunate than you. The Marais is certainly the most interesting area for a holiday in Paris. You will find very good places to taste the French gastronomy, boutiques ranging from simple prices to designe
35226	Delightful and selected Isle Saint Louis on the Seine River.  Tastefully renovated mostly according to the original adornment, this 50m2 apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a well-maintained 17th century walk-up building. Tastefully renovated mostly according to the original adornment, this 50m2 apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a well-maintained 17th century walk-up building equipped with a security system.  Facing the street and courtyard, it is south and north exposed, featuring pale yellow painted walls, genuine ceiling beams, stained glass windows and old-fashioned tiled floor, as well as a hardwood floors. Spacious and having two large windows facing the street, the living room is fitted out with a sofa double bed facing a wooden dining table, 4 matching chairs and a decorative fireplace. Full of charm, the bedroom has a 1.40cm wide double bed, + a mezzanin with a single bed, a XVIII e closet, decorative wall lamps, and a window opening to the calm courtyard. The kitc	Delightful and selected Isle Saint Louis on the Seine River.  Tastefully renovated mostly according to the original adornment, this 50m2 apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a well-maintained 17th century walk-up building equipped with a securi
35227	Due to facade renovations prices are down 30%	Lovely studio based on Sévigné Street, in the center of Paris, (email hidden) from Place des Vosges, close to Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame. The subway station « Saint Paul » (M1) at 150 meters, typical look by mading up of beams and visible stones Due to facade renovations prices are down 30%
35228	The Garçonniere is completely renovated. It boasts all new furniture, but maintains an ancient charm with exposed beams and brick.  The studio overlooks a quiet courtyard, essential for a restful sleep. This is Paris after-all, a city which is known for its nightlife. A comfortable bed will ensure you get the rest  you deserve from your day’s adventures. On the other hand, if your adventures are just beginning, the studio will add to your memories! The studio is non-smoking. The Garçonniere includes a small kitchenette equipped with refrigerator, microwave, kettle and NESPRESSO coffee-maker.  A small dining area lets you enjoy treats for breakfast purchased from nearby bakeries or the local supermarket, just down the street.  The bathroom has a modern shower, sink and toilet. It is also equipped with a hairdryer and fresh towels The courtyard is at your disposal to enjoy a good glass of wine or better yet champagne! Wireless Internet and a TV with more than 100 channels are available f	The Garçonniere is completely renovated. It boasts all new furniture, but maintains an ancient charm with exposed beams and brick.  The studio overlooks a quiet courtyard, essential for a restful sleep. This is Paris after-all, a city which is known for its nightlife. A comfortable bed will ensure you get the rest  you deserve from your day’s adventures. On the other hand, if your adventures are just beginning, the studio will add to your memories! The studio is non-smoking. The Garçonniere includes a small kitchenette equipped with refrigerator, microwave, kettle and NESPRESSO coffee-maker.  A small dining area lets you enjoy treats for breakfast purchased from nearby bakeries or the local supermarket, just down the street.  The bathroom has a modern shower, sink and toilet. It is also equipped with a hairdryer and fresh towels The courtyard is at your disposal to enjoy a good glass of wine or better yet champagne! Wireless Internet and a TV with more than 100 channels are available f
35229	 The apartment enters into a bright, modern, and fully equipped kitchen. The bathroom is newly refurbished. The main room has a large and comfortable double bed (which can be separated by a curtain) a covertable couch and a flat screen television. Wifi is available throughout.	40 m², two room apartment on the first floor of a beautiful historic building (without elevator) in the heart of Paris. Can hold up to four guests (two adults and two children ideally)  The apartment enters into a bright, modern, and fully equipped kitchen. The bathroom is newly refurbished. The main room has a large and comfortable double bed (which can be separated by a curtain) a covertable couch and a flat screen television. Wifi is available throughout. Apartment is private and guests will have access to all amenities and appliances. We are always in Paris, available by phone or email during your stay in case you have and questions or concerns about the apartment! The apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris. The Marais is a beautiful quarter of Paris; well known for its rich cultural history.  You will find many iconic Parisian tourist attractions within arms reach (Musée du Louvre, Notre Dame, Musée Picasso, Place des Vosages, etc.) It is a lively quarter where you wil
35230	Sunny, though not brand new, appartment, clean and charming in old 16th century building.	Double bedroom in a 4th floor appartment, typical building of Le Marais, nearby main monuments and all transports and shops. Sunny, though not brand new, appartment, clean and charming in old 16th century building. Access to shower and toilet room, kitchen and living room. Historical center of Paris, most monuments around. Notre-Dame, Le Louvre, Place des Vosges, Beaubourg, Conciergerie... All transports nearby, to go anywhere in Paris and suburbs, even during the night ! Possible to add a single bed in the bedroom, for a child or a 3rd adult.
35231	Dispose de toutes les commodités pour rendre votre séjour agréable	Cocon de rêve au coeur du marais, rue des Ecouffes, dans le coeur historique de Paris, au calme! A quelques pas de la rue des rosiers, rue des francs bourgeois, place des vosges, mais aussi de l'île Saint Louis et de Notre Dame de Paris. Entièrement rénové, meublé, et décoré par des architectes, cet appartement clair, calme et haut sous plafond, peut accueillir jusqu'a 4 personnes avec un lit 2 places et un canapé lit. Nous ferons tout pour rendre votre séjour agréable. Dispose de toutes les commodités pour rendre votre séjour agréable Je serais disponible par téléphone et suis aussi à 10 min de l'appartement si besoin. Je vous raconterai tout ce que je sais du quartier et vous donnerai toutes mes bonnes adresses... Métro Saint Paul ligne 1, je peux aussi vous organiser un pick up à la gare ou à l'aéroport pour plus de sérénité.
35232	Dear Travelers (for french speaking people, see below) Welcome to this little nest, in the very heart of Paris. You can't be more central : 2 minutes walk from the city hall 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral 5 minutes walk from Centre Pompidou Beaubourg 10 minutes walk from Musée Picasso Louvre is just 4 stops away direct with line 1 St Michel is 15 minutes walk There are plenty of restaurants, bars, boulangerie, delicatessen and shops all around because you are in the Marais. This studio consists in one room of 9m2. It has one japanese futon bed premium quality 120×200 cm. Bedsheets are provided as well as towels. There is optical fiber internet so it is super fast ! There is a shower, a sink, a microwave, a kettle, a coffee maker and cutlery and all needed to spend few days in Paris. The toilets are right outside the room. The studio is at the 6th floor with elevator with a nice view over the parisian roofs. It is facing east so you get the chance to catch the sun ris	Recently converted chambre de bonne into a studio in the very heart of Paris ! Chambre de bonne récemment transformée en studio en plein de coeur de Paris Dear Travelers (for french speaking people, see below) Welcome to this little nest, in the very heart of Paris. You can't be more central : 2 minutes walk from the city hall 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral 5 minutes walk from Centre Pompidou Beaubourg 10 minutes walk from Musée Picasso Louvre is just 4 stops away direct with line 1 St Michel is 15 minutes walk There are plenty of restaurants, bars, boulangerie, delicatessen and shops all around because you are in the Marais. This studio consists in one room of 9m2. It has one japanese futon bed premium quality 120×200 cm. Bedsheets are provided as well as towels. There is optical fiber internet so it is super fast ! There is a shower, a sink, a microwave, a kettle, a coffee maker and cutlery and all needed to spend few days in Paris. The toilets are right outside th
35233	Au 1er étage avec ascenseur, logement ancien mais refait à neuf avec tout le confort ; parquet en point de Hongrie,  pierre de taille apparente, verrière. 	Situé rue de Rivoli, entre l' Hôtel-de-ville et la Tour-St-Jacques , composé d'une entrée, d'un salon-salle-à-manger, d'une chambre avec coin bureau, d'une cuisine sous verrière, d'une salle de bains-wc  Il est au calme car il donne sur une cour. Au 1er étage avec ascenseur, logement ancien mais refait à neuf avec tout le confort ; parquet en point de Hongrie,  pierre de taille apparente, verrière.  accès facile vers tous les endroits de Paris à visiter , en métro, autobus et même à pied. en bordure du Marais, tout près de l'Hôtel-de-Ville,de la Seine et de Notre-Dame métro Hôtel-de-Ville: lignes 1 et 11 (en bas de l'immeuble,) Métro Châtelet: lignes  4, 7 ,14 et RER A,B,D ( à 5 minutes à pied) nombreux autobus  station Vélib
35234	It is small, but very lovely. You do not need a metro pass. everyting is near my place. Bars are open until 2am then there is places to go out.  supermarket is at 1minute from the flat and closes at midnight. There is work right out my flat in the building. But it is not a problem if you visit Paris in the day. Look my commentaries. My guests loved my place whereas the work-building!	Near Louvre, Eiffel Tour, Champs-Elysées, my flat is small but lovely. There is everythig inside : private bathroom , kitchen, etc. 2 separate beds. street is very safe. and everyting is close (bars, supermarket, metro..) look  pictures! see you It is small, but very lovely. You do not need a metro pass. everyting is near my place. Bars are open until 2am then there is places to go out.  supermarket is at 1minute from the flat and closes at midnight. There is work right out my flat in the building. But it is not a problem if you visit Paris in the day. Look my commentaries. My guests loved my place whereas the work-building! On the heart of Paris, my district is like you imagine Paris on a picture. Look my pictures of the neighnorhood: every one is at 0 or 3 minutes from my studio by foot. It is a very very safe. The district has street life: lot of people go to the edge of the Seine for picnicking or a drink . It is very easy to come from the airport. Métro is at 3min. If you are late
35235	"Hi, I am proposing an apartment in the very center of Le Marais, the bohemian 4rd arrondissement of Paris. The apartment is situated in the heart of Paris, right where the famous Rue des Rosiers beginns, with the world's best falafels :). Many advantages make this apartment the perfect place for your stay in Paris : the flat is situated one block away from the Musée Carnavalet and the Picasso Museum, where the Marquise de Sévigné used to live, and 100 meters from the Place des Vosges, the first public square in the history of France, with the Victor Hugo house. You are also one block from the St-Paul subway station (Line 1) and 200 meters from the Seine and Ile St Louis, with the Cathédrale de Notre Dame. An ""Autolib"" station (electric car renting) and Velib station (bicycles) were recently built on our street !  The apartment is strictly for non smokers. There is a wasching machine, iron, hairdryer, etc. The apartment is in a 3rd floor with elevator, has heating and is always clean th"	"Awesome apartment in the very center of Le Marais, the bohemian 4th ""arrondissement"". Le Marais is the place to live in Paris. One block away from St Paul station and the Picasso Museum. Very quiet and spacious apartment with super fast Wifi network. Hi, I am proposing an apartment in the very center of Le Marais, the bohemian 4rd arrondissement of Paris. The apartment is situated in the heart of Paris, right where the famous Rue des Rosiers beginns, with the world's best falafels :). Many advantages make this apartment the perfect place for your stay in Paris : the flat is situated one block away from the Musée Carnavalet and the Picasso Museum, where the Marquise de Sévigné used to live, and 100 meters from the Place des Vosges, the first public square in the history of France, with the Victor Hugo house. You are also one block from the St-Paul subway station (Line 1) and 200 meters from the Seine and Ile St Louis, with the Cathédrale de Notre Dame. An ""Autolib"" station (electric car"
35236	Our studio will make you feel like you are living like a Parisian! Fantastic central location in the heart of Le Marais (4th arrondissement). Traditional Parisian features set in an 18th century building. Comfortably fits 2 people.	Live like a Parisian in the heart of Le Marais. Cosy 20m2, 2nd floor, quiet location but only a moment from Bastille metro; 1.5 km from Centre Pompedou and 2.5 km from Louvre Museum. It comfortably fits two. Enjoy easy access to the whole of Paris! Our studio will make you feel like you are living like a Parisian! Fantastic central location in the heart of Le Marais (4th arrondissement). Traditional Parisian features set in an 18th century building. Comfortably fits 2 people. Guests have access to all facilities in this private studio including fully equipped kitchenette: mini oven, microwave oven, cutlery, crockery, fridge etc. Washing machine, wifi, clean Egyptian cotton luxury linens. Our representative from Paris Suite Services will be your point of contact during your entire stay. The neighborhood is both romantic and beautiful with stunning boutique shops, quaint restaurants, cafes and boulangeries. Guests should experience Place des Vosges, the oldest square in Paris and the fin
35237	"Le Merlot Du Marais is a Luxury Country-Style 30 Sq.Meter One bedroom apartment for up to 4 Guests in a great local neighborhood of the 4th District, the heart of the Marais. Enjoy the amazing location on a quiet street just off Rue Du Temple, with Centre Georges Pompidou Greeting every day you come and go. You are 2 blocks walk to Hotel De Ville, The River Seine and the True Center of Paris. Notre-Dame Cathedral, the Islands Ile De La Cite and Ile Saint Louis, the Congiergerie, the Louvre and more are all located in this center part of Paris. You are seconds away from shopping the local gourmet food shops (cheese, chocolate, bakery, fruit, and more) on Rue Rambuteau. You are minutes from the famous Marais shopping and restaurant streets of Rue Des Francs-Bourgeois, Rue Des Archives, Rue Des Rosiers and more. Enjoy the ""Place Des Vosges"", the most beautiful square in Europe, for a picnic, the Carnavalet and Picasso Museums, all within minutes of your apartment. The master bedroom featu"	Luxury Country-Style 1 Bedroom Apartment for up to 4 Guests in the Heart of the Marais. Just Renovated with Quality Materials. Centre George Pompidou Modern Art Museum at the end of the street. Located off Rue Du Temple, 2 blocks from Hotel De Ville  Le Merlot Du Marais is a Luxury Country-Style 30 Sq.Meter One bedroom apartment for up to 4 Guests in a great local neighborhood of the 4th District, the heart of the Marais. Enjoy the amazing location on a quiet street just off Rue Du Temple, with Centre Georges Pompidou Greeting every day you come and go. You are 2 blocks walk to Hotel De Ville, The River Seine and the True Center of Paris. Notre-Dame Cathedral, the Islands Ile De La Cite and Ile Saint Louis, the Congiergerie, the Louvre and more are all located in this center part of Paris. You are seconds away from shopping the local gourmet food shops (cheese, chocolate, bakery, fruit, and more) on Rue Rambuteau. You are minutes from the famous Marais shopping and restaurant streets o
35238	Located in the heart of Paris, living in this apartment is ideal for exploring the capital, in the pedestrian zone and the mode called Beaubourg, I propose a duplex can accommodate 2 people for a stay in Paris. Nearby you have restaurants and bars, food shops, bakeries, caterers. You are just 1 minutes walk from the famous Georges Pompidou Center, the hippest of Paris: the Marais, near the royal palace and garden of the Louvre. Access transport: metro line a town hall, this line is the most central of Paris which allows you to go to the Champs Elysées, the Galeries Lafayette, the Château de Vincennes in just 10 minutes. The unusual duplex of 42m ², overlooking a quiet courtyard: (it is located between 3rd and 4th floor without elevator) - The first level lounge and kitchen equipped with available appliances (oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine) and dishes. - Second level: Bedroom (bed 2 seats) available with cupboard, toilet and bathroom with towels p	Ideal apartment for a couple in the center of Paris in the Beaubourg area - Marias.  It is a duplex of 42 m², I move the entire housing and equipped with every comfort: kitchen, living room, bathroom, towels, wifi ... Located in the heart of Paris, living in this apartment is ideal for exploring the capital, in the pedestrian zone and the mode called Beaubourg, I propose a duplex can accommodate 2 people for a stay in Paris. Nearby you have restaurants and bars, food shops, bakeries, caterers. You are just 1 minutes walk from the famous Georges Pompidou Center, the hippest of Paris: the Marais, near the royal palace and garden of the Louvre. Access transport: metro line a town hall, this line is the most central of Paris which allows you to go to the Champs Elysées, the Galeries Lafayette, the Château de Vincennes in just 10 minutes. The unusual duplex of 42m ², overlooking a quiet courtyard: (it is located between 3rd and 4th floor without elevator) - The first level lounge and kitche
35239	L’appartement se situe au 2e étage avec ascenseur d’un petit immeuble situé dans une cour intérieure magnifique  L’ameublement est très original, mélange de style moderne et de certains meubles anciens , chinés par ci, par là, avec beaucoup de goût. Le salon , très cosy, comprend un canapé, un fauteuil, une télévision écran plat, 1 table de repas avec 4 chaises et un petit bureau La cuisine , adjacente au salon, mais séparée par une porte est très complètement équipée  en particulier, un lave vaisselle, un lave linge séchant ; un petit four, une plaque vitro céramique  Une porte sépare l’espace chambres .Vous trouverez une première chambre avec 1 grand lit de 1,60m 1 commode, 1 fauteuil, 1 penderie et une 2e télévision . La  2e chambre comprend 1 lit de 1,40 , une commode et un grand placard  La salle de bains, entièrement carrelée,  comprend 1 cabine de douche  et un lavabo ultra modernes  Les toilettes sont indépendantes et comportent un lavabo   	Charme, confort, luxe, calme,   dans appartement et immeuble rénovés en 2014 , au cœur du Marais Historique , entouré de cafés , bistrots , musées, boutiques, boulangeries !! L’appartement se situe au 2e étage avec ascenseur d’un petit immeuble situé dans une cour intérieure magnifique  L’ameublement est très original, mélange de style moderne et de certains meubles anciens , chinés par ci, par là, avec beaucoup de goût. Le salon , très cosy, comprend un canapé, un fauteuil, une télévision écran plat, 1 table de repas avec 4 chaises et un petit bureau La cuisine , adjacente au salon, mais séparée par une porte est très complètement équipée  en particulier, un lave vaisselle, un lave linge séchant ; un petit four, une plaque vitro céramique  Une porte sépare l’espace chambres .Vous trouverez une première chambre avec 1 grand lit de 1,60m 1 commode, 1 fauteuil, 1 penderie et une 2e télévision . La  2e chambre comprend 1 lit de 1,40 , une commode et un grand placard  La salle de bains, en
35240	With a great view onto the river, this apartment to rent in Paris has entirely been renovated and refurbished to ensure your own comfort and pleasure. On the second floor (EU way) of a 17th century building with no lift, secured by a code and then an intercom. It faces the Quai Bourbon. All the equipment is brand new and top quality. Everything you could dream of has come true in a wonderful Paris apartment here for you to rent…	An exceptional Paris apartment because of its perfect location, the quality of the furniture and its great rental price. It will be a dream to rent an apartment on the amazing Ile Saint Louis, a village within Paris. With a great view onto the river, this apartment to rent in Paris has entirely been renovated and refurbished to ensure your own comfort and pleasure. On the second floor (EU way) of a 17th century building with no lift, secured by a code and then an intercom. It faces the Quai Bourbon. All the equipment is brand new and top quality. Everything you could dream of has come true in a wonderful Paris apartment here for you to rent… Two level apartment of 80 m2 to rent in Paris that has been recently renovated. The living area is on the lower floor with a large lounge and a superb open kitchen that is brand new. In a modern style with a superb view over the Seine, the lounge consists of two sofas and a coffee table. The sleeping area is upstairs with two bedrooms overlooking t
35241	    Charming 3 ROOMS on INDEPENDENT 2nd  floor, in duplex 2nd/3rd floors; prestigious Marais district, in the heart of Paris . Each apartment is independent, with its own outside door and keys. No communication between the 2 floors.  Composition of the  accomodation apartment : entrance , living room with sofa and dining table, 1 bedroom with double bed,1 bedroom with single bed, shower, wc, small separate area (refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, kettle , toaster ) . A very quiet place in a very lively  district. 	Charmant 3PIÈCES  INDÉPENDANT au 2étage, dans duplex 2e/3e; quartier prestigieux du Marais, cœur de Paris.  Composition: entrée; salon avec table à manger et canapé-lit; 1chambre avec lit 2places; 1chambre avec lit 1place; salle d'eau; wc; coin-repas (frigo,micro-ondes, cafetière, bouilloire, grille-pain).  Très calme; quartier animé.        Charming 3 ROOMS on INDEPENDENT 2nd  floor, in duplex 2nd/3rd floors; prestigious Marais district, in the heart of Paris . Each apartment is independent, with its own outside door and keys. No communication between the 2 floors.  Composition of the  accomodation apartment : entrance , living room with sofa and dining table, 1 bedroom with double bed,1 bedroom with single bed, shower, wc, small separate area (refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, kettle , toaster ) . A very quiet place in a very lively  district.   By myself, as I live in the apartment above.  I'll be present in the apartment above during the stay.  Many shops, bars and restaurants
35242	Our studio is located on the 1st US floor (UK ground floor/French rdc) of a historical building (XVIII century), beware of poor sound isolation of historical buildings.  WE PROVIDE (included in the price):  - FREE Wi-Fi internet  - FREE fixed-line international calls to most counties  - Hair dryer  - Iron/iron board  - Comfortable mattress  - A set of 3 towels per person Ideal for couples. The CHECK-IN time is starting from 4pm.  The CHECK-OUT time is by 10:00am. During the regular period (except The New Year period and May holidays) the minimum stay is 3 nights, however we do accept two-night bookings when they fill in the gaps between two existing stays.  During the NY and May holidays (26 December - 4 January and 26 April - 11 May), the minimum stay is 5 nights.  Please note that NO check in/check out is possible on 30-31 December and 1-2 January.  Thank you for understanding.  	A nicely decorated cozy studio welcomes you in the very historical center of Paris - Le Marais - which dates back to XIII century and hosts many architectural masterpieces of the past.  1 min walk to the Ile Saint Louis  4 min walk to the Notre Dame! Our studio is located on the 1st US floor (UK ground floor/French rdc) of a historical building (XVIII century), beware of poor sound isolation of historical buildings.  WE PROVIDE (included in the price):  - FREE Wi-Fi internet  - FREE fixed-line international calls to most counties  - Hair dryer  - Iron/iron board  - Comfortable mattress  - A set of 3 towels per person Ideal for couples. The CHECK-IN time is starting from 4pm.  The CHECK-OUT time is by 10:00am. During the regular period (except The New Year period and May holidays) the minimum stay is 3 nights, however we do accept two-night bookings when they fill in the gaps between two existing stays.  During the NY and May holidays (26 December - 4 January and 26 April - 11 May), the
35243	Our apartment is located on the Ile Saint Louis , in the center of the center of Paris! More central you can not do . Museums, cafes, restaurants, monuments are within walking distance. Our apartment is spacious and light, you will feel at ease as soon as you made the leap the door! It is located on the third floor (no elevator) of a building listed as historical monuments	Our appartment is located is the center of Paris, on the Ile Saint Louis, on the third floor of an old mansion. Entrance, bathroom with bath, kitchen and large main room. Spacious and bright. Our apartment is located on the Ile Saint Louis , in the center of the center of Paris! More central you can not do . Museums, cafes, restaurants, monuments are within walking distance. Our apartment is spacious and light, you will feel at ease as soon as you made the leap the door! It is located on the third floor (no elevator) of a building listed as historical monuments Travelers have access to the entire apartment (except some cupboards) and equipment . It has: → two doors with digicodes → wireless internet → sheets and towels → well equipped kitchen : 4 hotplates, fridge, kettle, juicer , steamer , washing machine , oven, small mixer , etc .. → main room : sofa bed , which gives a double bed ( 160cm) . Desk, hi -fi .. → bathroom with toilet, bath .. We (or one of us ) will welcome you in pers
35244	This studio is located on the first floor of a good standard building with lift (However the apartment is between the ground floor and the first floor so it is useless to use the lift as you would have to use the stairs to walk down to the apartment door anyway !). This charming 21sqm love nest is very well laid out. It has been entirely renovated to offer a maximum of comfort. It has a main room, divided in several spaces. The entrance directly gives on the fitted kitchen which is open on the main room. It has all you need to cook simple meal, electric stoves, microwave-grill and it also features a washer-dryer. The bedroom/living-room part features a convertible couch for two people (the comfortable mattress is 140×200 and can easily be opened and closed. Note that you can leave it on the bed position and still have room to circulate ! You will be able to store your clothes in the two wardrobes at your disposal. One of them as shelves and hangers the other has shelves only, and a saf	Lovely pied-a-terre to rent in Paris - St Louis Island, suitable for a couple, perfect for your vacation at a very reasonable price ! This studio is located on the first floor of a good standard building with lift (However the apartment is between the ground floor and the first floor so it is useless to use the lift as you would have to use the stairs to walk down to the apartment door anyway !). This charming 21sqm love nest is very well laid out. It has been entirely renovated to offer a maximum of comfort. It has a main room, divided in several spaces. The entrance directly gives on the fitted kitchen which is open on the main room. It has all you need to cook simple meal, electric stoves, microwave-grill and it also features a washer-dryer. The bedroom/living-room part features a convertible couch for two people (the comfortable mattress is 140×200 and can easily be opened and closed. Note that you can leave it on the bed position and still have room to circulate ! You will be able
35245	Adorable little apartment was quiet on the first floor in the courtyard of an haussmann builduig in the heart of the (website hidden) consists of a living room, a kitchenetteand a bathroom. A sofa bed allows two people. The kitchen has microwawe oven, refrigerator, washing machine. Bed linen and towels are included. Our neighborhood is one of the most popular tourist Paris. this is the heart of the Paris of the seventeenth century, filled with mansions and museums (Musée Carnavalet, Picasso, Archives etc..). A few steps from the famous Place des Vosges! In case of arrival after 21 hours will be charged an extra 10 euros and up to 23 hours. I do not accept arrivals after 23 hours.	Adorable little apartment was quiet on the first floor in the courtyard of an haussmann builduig in the heart of the (website hidden) consists of a living room, a kitchenetteand a bathroom. A sofa bed allows two people. The kitchen has microwawe oven, refrigerator, washing machine. Bed linen and towels are included. Our neighborhood is one of the most popular tourist Paris. this is the heart of the Paris of the seventeenth century, filled with mansions and museums (Musée Carnavalet, Picasso, Archives etc..). A few steps from the famous Place des Vosges! In case of arrival after 21 hours will be charged an extra 10 euros and up to 23 hours. I do not accept arrivals after 23 hours.
35246	Appartement indépendant entièrement rénové récemment situé au deuxième étage (avec ascenseur)donne sur la cour tranquille d'un petit immeuble ancien du milieu du 18 ème siècle . le logement comprend une chambre à coucher avec un lit double (140x200) et un canapé lit dans le salon. Linge de lit et de toilette sera changée une fois par semaine. Salle d'eau spacieuse comprenant une cabine de douche ,lave linge et sèche linge et toilettes. Une cuisine américaine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur,lave vaisselle, plaques cuisson, four électrique et micro -ondes . Cafetière, bouilloire électrique et toaster complètent cet équipement. Vaisselle neuve et complète .Nombreux ustensiles de cuisson et préparation. Dans le séjour , un canapé lit  ,une table basse  et connexion internet fil et wifi sont disponibles.	Appartement indépendant entièrement rénové récemment situé au deuxième étage ,donne sur la cour tranquille d'un petit immeuble ancien du milieu du 18 ème siècle . Appartement indépendant entièrement rénové récemment situé au deuxième étage (avec ascenseur)donne sur la cour tranquille d'un petit immeuble ancien du milieu du 18 ème siècle . le logement comprend une chambre à coucher avec un lit double (140x200) et un canapé lit dans le salon. Linge de lit et de toilette sera changée une fois par semaine. Salle d'eau spacieuse comprenant une cabine de douche ,lave linge et sèche linge et toilettes. Une cuisine américaine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur,lave vaisselle, plaques cuisson, four électrique et micro -ondes . Cafetière, bouilloire électrique et toaster complètent cet équipement. Vaisselle neuve et complète .Nombreux ustensiles de cuisson et préparation. Dans le séjour , un canapé lit  ,une table basse  et connexion internet fil et wifi sont disponibles. Hyper central desservi 
35247		Located on the île Saint-Louis, in the heart of Paris, the apartment is charming and has a big double bed, living room, equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub. Calm and illuminated, it is in a beautiful building with a courtyard, on the 2nd floor. Metro Ligne 1 - Saint Paul Metro Ligne 7 - Pont Marie ou Sully Morland Bus 67, 86, 87 I will be happy to answer all our questions, don't hesitate to ask me any additional information. Sheets and bath towel are  provided in the apartment. The Ile Saint Louis is a historical district of Paris, it is an island in the center of the city and which beauty is internationally known. Streets are filled with little shops, art galeries, coffee shops and restaurant. You can go for very nice walks on the docks and enjoy a Berthillon ice cream.  It is a very welcoming and pleasant district to walk around, to go shopping and to discover the real Paris. The river, the Notre Dame Cathedral, the Town Hall, the marais area, the Bastille square and the latin ar
35248	The Paris short term apartment is on the first floor of a very beautiful building of the 17th century. The view of the Seine from the apartment is absolutely splendid! Paris apartment of 40 sqm that has been recently renovated. It is composed of a living / dining room with an open kitchen. A sofa bed allows two additional sleeping places. The bedroom has a double bed 160*200. From the bedroom, one can reach the bathroom which has a beautiful bath. As one of the apartments to rent in Paris, it is very well furnished with all the necessary comforts (Internet, cable TV, DVD, HIFI) that gaurantee you will enjoy Paris greatly.	You will greatly enjoy the City of Lights by renting this Paris apartment with all the necessary comforts. With a splendid view of the Seine, it is also in one of the best locations in the city. The Paris short term apartment is on the first floor of a very beautiful building of the 17th century. The view of the Seine from the apartment is absolutely splendid! Paris apartment of 40 sqm that has been recently renovated. It is composed of a living / dining room with an open kitchen. A sofa bed allows two additional sleeping places. The bedroom has a double bed 160*200. From the bedroom, one can reach the bathroom which has a beautiful bath. As one of the apartments to rent in Paris, it is very well furnished with all the necessary comforts (Internet, cable TV, DVD, HIFI) that gaurantee you will enjoy Paris greatly. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay if any question or needs You will have an enchanting stay in the city in one o
35249	i live in a nice appartment in the heart of Paris, the best location, very safe, animated and walking distance to the louvre museum, notre dame de Paris, tuileris, saint Michel, really there is no better location. the appartment is located in a busy street but on the 5th floor so you wont be bother by noises at night. the room as a mezzanine wich gives you a rest area underneath, couples are accepted	Hi !!! My name is Kevin I'm french 27yo, i love life traveling and meeting new people. I live in the best neighborhood of Paris, very safe and fun !!! I offer a private room in my two bedrooms appartment !!! 5th floor no elevator (welcome to antic Paris) i live in a nice appartment in the heart of Paris, the best location, very safe, animated and walking distance to the louvre museum, notre dame de Paris, tuileris, saint Michel, really there is no better location. the appartment is located in a busy street but on the 5th floor so you wont be bother by noises at night. the room as a mezzanine wich gives you a rest area underneath, couples are accepted you will have acces to the whole appartment, fully furnished with washing machine and fast wifi, also i know Paris very well and will help you to have the best time here i work most of the time but i will be present everyday and willing to help with anything and i will help you carry your luggage upstairs and down when you leave great neig
35250	Fantastic one bedroom apartment less than 100 metres from the famous Place des Vosges.  On the 6th floor of a 'Hausmanian' building on rue de Turenne in the heart of le Marais (4th), in the St Paul area . Beautiful views of the garden of Hotel de Sully and roof tops of Place des Vosges.  Bedroom: Very comfortable double bed and closet. One window overlooking the garden of Hotel de Sully. Bathroom: brand new tiled bathroom with shower, sink, towel rack and wc. One window facing the garden.  Kitchen:Brand new  fully equipped kitchen - very light, view of Bastille monument! Electric induction cooker, washing machine, refrigerator.  Living Rooms: Sofa bed (sleeps 2), large flat screen, dining table for 4 people.  tiled floor ,  one window facing rue de Turenne. Quiet - double glazing. Cleaning/towels/linen/maid service :Towels and linen are all included. Amenities/Facilities: hob/stove oven fridge/freezer fridge microwave washing machine iron/ironing board cable tv tv telephone internet ac	    Completely refurbished  and renovated apartment  , 2 min from the Place des Vosges, in the heart of the Marais, fantastic location whether you come for fun,exploring paris, shopping or business!    Fantastic one bedroom apartment less than 100 metres from the famous Place des Vosges.  On the 6th floor of a 'Hausmanian' building on rue de Turenne in the heart of le Marais (4th), in the St Paul area . Beautiful views of the garden of Hotel de Sully and roof tops of Place des Vosges.  Bedroom: Very comfortable double bed and closet. One window overlooking the garden of Hotel de Sully. Bathroom: brand new tiled bathroom with shower, sink, towel rack and wc. One window facing the garden.  Kitchen:Brand new  fully equipped kitchen - very light, view of Bastille monument! Electric induction cooker, washing machine, refrigerator.  Living Rooms: Sofa bed (sleeps 2), large flat screen, dining table for 4 people.  tiled floor ,  one window facing rue de Turenne. Quiet - double glazing. Cleani
35251	Buidling : secure door to enter into the building, elevator and stairs available. Apartment on the 4th floor facing the street with high ceilings and reinforced door including the following rooms : - Large living room with sofa, flat screen TV and DVD player, and a dining room table. - A separate kitchen, small but well equipped with notably a fridge including a freezer, a hob, a coffee machine, an oven and a microwave. - A separate bedroom with a double bed, a huge closet and double glazing. - A separate bathroom with shower, sink and washer / dryer. WC is separated from the bathroom.	A 55 square meters flat near the opera Bastille in the heart of Paris features a double bedroom (for two people) plus a separate living room, kitchen and bathroom.
35252	The flat is located on Saint Louis Island, very romantic place in the very center of Paris.  5 minutes walking from the Marais and Notre Dame Next to the very famous Ice Cream Bertillon 10 minutes walking from Saint Germain 7 minutes walking from Chatelet. Next to ligne 1 and 7	Very charming room in a nice appartment, in the very center of Paris , 2 minutes walk from Notre Dame de Paris, 5 minutes walk from Le Marais and Saint Germain.  Ideal for a couple that want to visit Paris by walk or by metro (ligne 1 and 7 cloth++) The flat is located on Saint Louis Island, very romantic place in the very center of Paris.  5 minutes walking from the Marais and Notre Dame Next to the very famous Ice Cream Bertillon 10 minutes walking from Saint Germain 7 minutes walking from Chatelet. Next to ligne 1 and 7 One very large room is avaiable for you with one big bed (sheets included), you can enjoy the living room, the fast wifi , the bathroom (washing machine and dryer) and the kitchen fully equipped. I'll be available to welcome you and give you advice you'll need to discover the city, good deals and good restaurants Very romantic and famous area, very peacefull but not far from fancy areas such as Saint Germain, Bastille, Le Marais.  2 minutes walk from Notre Dame de Pa
35253	This flat is ideally located, well equipped, modern and CALM! Even though you are located at the very heart of a very busy trendy neighbourghood, you will be able to relax at the flat!	2-rooms duplex flat in the heart of le marais. Modern and well equipped, it is your perfect location for a week end getaway with friends or your lover! In the last 2-floors of an authentic Hotel Particulier, the flat has a lot of charm. This flat is ideally located, well equipped, modern and CALM! Even though you are located at the very heart of a very busy trendy neighbourghood, you will be able to relax at the flat! The flat is yours: kitchen with dining room, living room, bathroom and a double bedroom. The living room as a sleeping sofa that can accomodate 1 more person, at extra cost. I will not be present during your stay, except to greet you and to take the keys back when you leave. Needless to present le Marais with its unique charm, full of restaurants, bars and trendy shops! You are within walking distance of Châtelet (roughly 300m), or Hôtel de Ville (roughly 100m), that can connect you to most public transport systems throughout the capital!
35254	Wonderful studio apartment of 20 m² overlooking the National Museum Georges-Pompidou Center. Full equipped kitchen and bathroom separated with nice shower and toilets in the flat. Located in the  IV th arrondissement of Paris in the heart of Paris, close to Hôtel de Ville and gay friendly area.  Subway station line 1 : 20 meters ! Many shops, great restaurants and cinemas nearby. Located on the 6th floor with elevator. Full equipped apartment : wifi , microwave, hob and (website hidden) with more than 100 free channels. We speak french (mother tongue), english and italian fluently.  Quiet and secure building with a doorman. Nice view ;-) Coffee, chocolate and tea are available. NON-SMOKING apartment. Welcome to you.	Wonderful studio apartment of 20 m² overlooking the National Museum Georges-Pompidou Center. Located in the heart of Paris close to Hôtel de Ville. Full equipped kitchen and bathroom. Wifi, TV, safe place. Subway station line 1 : 20 meters ! Wonderful studio apartment of 20 m² overlooking the National Museum Georges-Pompidou Center. Full equipped kitchen and bathroom separated with nice shower and toilets in the flat. Located in the  IV th arrondissement of Paris in the heart of Paris, close to Hôtel de Ville and gay friendly area.  Subway station line 1 : 20 meters ! Many shops, great restaurants and cinemas nearby. Located on the 6th floor with elevator. Full equipped apartment : wifi , microwave, hob and (website hidden) with more than 100 free channels. We speak french (mother tongue), english and italian fluently.  Quiet and secure building with a doorman. Nice view ;-) Coffee, chocolate and tea are available. NON-SMOKING apartment. Welcome to you.
35255	"SINGLE ACCOMMODATION  LOVELY FLAT SHAED / PERFECTLY SITUATED in the HISTORICAL - PRESTIGIOUS AREA of PARIS : FIRST &  FOURTH DISTRICT  ( Metro station : Louvre-Rivoli / Chatelet / Hotel de Ville ) ***** SINGLE OCCUPANCY ( ONLY )  FURNISHED SPACE in a FLAT SHARED  SINGLE large Bed  *** NIGHT STAY : RATE is for a SINGLE OCCUPANCY !  Description :  Perfect for a single person ( for this central room ) who will pass the time mostly outside enjoying Paris  , needing a place to stay for the night (  a bit as couchsurfconcept but more private & more comfortable )  If you need a place in a friendly atmosphere , without too much privacy at 1st degree , this will suit you ! AREA : VERY CONVENIENT ,VERY WELL LOCALIZED ! ( You ll gain time as everything is situated walking distance from the flat )  Flat is situated between ""le LOUVRE museum and l'ILE DE LA CITE"". Near "" Place du CHATELET & SAINT GERMAIN ""prestigious & commercial street, near the 4th,5th,6th.  You ll be SITUATED IN THE HEART OF THE"	SINGLE ACCOMMODATION in a LOVELY FLAT SHARED / PERFECTLY SITUATED in the HISTORICAL - PRESTIGIOUS AREA of PARIS CENTER.( metro station : Louvre-Rivoli / Chatelet ) 1st & 4th District ! SINGLE OCCUPANCY(ONLY) with FREE WIFI,ACCESS TO KITCHEN & BATH SINGLE ACCOMMODATION  LOVELY FLAT SHAED / PERFECTLY SITUATED in the HISTORICAL - PRESTIGIOUS AREA of PARIS : FIRST &  FOURTH DISTRICT  ( Metro station : Louvre-Rivoli / Chatelet / Hotel de Ville ) ***** SINGLE OCCUPANCY ( ONLY )  FURNISHED SPACE in a FLAT SHARED  SINGLE large Bed  *** NIGHT STAY : RATE is for a SINGLE OCCUPANCY !  Description :  Perfect for a single person ( for this central room ) who will pass the time mostly outside enjoying Paris  , needing a place to stay for the night (  a bit as couchsurfconcept but more private & more comfortable )  If you need a place in a friendly atmosphere , without too much privacy at 1st degree , this will suit you ! AREA : VERY CONVENIENT ,VERY WELL LOCALIZED ! ( You ll gain time as everything 
35256	There is a sofa bed (for 2) in the living room and one  mattress (for 2) in a mezzanine.	"Located in the historical center of Paris, the apartment, with air-conditioning, is 2 steps away from Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville, the Seine and make it possible to wander in the Marais area. Newly renovated, the flat can accomodate 2 adults. There is a sofa bed (for 2) in the living room and one  mattress (for 2) in a mezzanine. I would be happy to help you out during your stay in Paris, by giving you useful address in the neighbourhood, just need to ask. The flat is located in the real heart of Paris. Which facilitate sightseeing on foot and is also very well served by public transport. You can enjoy the abundant number of restaurants and cafés located in the area or visit the many museums and art galleries nearby. The subway station Hotel de Ville is within 200m with quick access to RER ""Chatelet-Les Halles"" which goes directly to the airport or the many train stations of Paris."
35257	Beaux volumes (27m², 3 fenêtres) pour cet appartement qui allie le charme de l’ancien (poutres apparentes, belle hauteur sous plafond...) et le confort du neuf.  Il comprend une pièce principale spacieuse et très claire donnant sur une cour typiquement parisienne.   L’appartement comprend - une partie salon (canapé convertible, tables basses)  - un coin cuisine, entièrement équipé : table, 4 chaises, batterie de cuisine, plaque à induction, four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur/ congélateur, lave-vaisselle. - une partie chambre à coucher, avec un lit, deux tables de chevet ; une armoire murale avec miroir.  -Une salle d’eau indépendante, très contemporaine, avec une vasque en céramique, une douche à l’italienne, un wc, des placards ;  ventilation automatique et sèche-serviettes électrique.	Dans immeuble classé, grand studio pour 3/4 personnes en plein centre de paris. Très lumineux, confortable, d'un calme absolu, entièrement refait à neuf. Accès direct à tous les sites touristiques. Décoration soignée et ambiance chaleureuse. Beaux volumes (27m², 3 fenêtres) pour cet appartement qui allie le charme de l’ancien (poutres apparentes, belle hauteur sous plafond...) et le confort du neuf.  Il comprend une pièce principale spacieuse et très claire donnant sur une cour typiquement parisienne.   L’appartement comprend - une partie salon (canapé convertible, tables basses)  - un coin cuisine, entièrement équipé : table, 4 chaises, batterie de cuisine, plaque à induction, four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur/ congélateur, lave-vaisselle. - une partie chambre à coucher, avec un lit, deux tables de chevet ; une armoire murale avec miroir.  -Une salle d’eau indépendante, très contemporaine, avec une vasque en céramique, une douche à l’italienne, un wc, des placards ;  ventilation autom
35258	Exclusive seasonal rental studio - August Offer! - Ideally located in the center of Le Marais, nearby the Paris City Hall, The Place des Vosges, in front of Sain-Louis Island, and very closed to Notre-Dame. Located rue Ferdinand Duval, on the 4th floor of an historical building of the 18th Century (no lift, but broad original stairs), this charming & design little apartment of 16 m2, was fully renewed by an architect in April 2011.  Very light and quiet, with open view, this typical parisien apartment is composed by a livingroom (double windows, very comfortable & modern sofa-bed for 2, design table & chairs, wardrobe, TV and free Wifi), and by a tiny fully equipped modern kitchen (double windows, fridge, vitroceramic hot plates, micro-wave, electrical italian coffee machine). Modern bathroom with an italian shower cabine. Separated toilet. Ideal for 2 people - and eventually a kid. Contact : (phone number hidden)  (English, Italian, French, Dutch) Nearby Metro Line 1: Saint-Paul (1min	Exclusive seasonal rental studio - August Offer! - Ideally located in the center of Le Marais, nearby the Paris City Hall, The Place des Vosges, in front of Sain-Louis Island, and very closed to Notre-Dame. Located rue Ferdinand Duval, on the 4th floor of an historical building of the 18th Century (no lift, but broad original stairs), this charming & design little apartment of 16 m2, was fully renewed by an architect in April 2011.  Very light and quiet, with open view, this typical parisien apartment is composed by a livingroom (double windows, very comfortable & modern sofa-bed for 2, design table & chairs, wardrobe, TV and free Wifi), and by a tiny fully equipped modern kitchen (double windows, fridge, vitroceramic hot plates, micro-wave, electrical italian coffee machine). Modern bathroom with an italian shower cabine. Separated toilet. Ideal for 2 people - and eventually a kid. Contact : (phone number hidden)  (English, Italian, French, Dutch) Nearby Metro Line 1: Saint-Paul (1min
35259	Spacious and quiet one bedroom perfectly located a few steps from metro line 1 (Saint-Paul stop), in a building from 16th century, full of comfort and modern amenities.	Located right in the very center of Paris, in a charming side street of the historic Marais area, this apartment combines the classic Parisian charm of exposed beam architecture with the comfort and style of modern furnishings and amenities.    Spacious and quiet one bedroom perfectly located a few steps from metro line 1 (Saint-Paul stop), in a building from 16th century, full of comfort and modern amenities. Full apartment with wifi, long distance calls, etc. I answer my email everyday and I'm reachable on my phone anytime during my guests' stay. The building is in a beautiful and charming street in the heart of the Marais district, by the famous rue des Rosiers. The atmosphere of the Marais is unique thanks to its nice restaurants and cafés, trendy shops, beautiful squares, nice architecture. It's very safe, even at night. The closest metro stop, Saint-Paul on line 1, is a few steps away. Numerous bus lines too.
35260	 The apartment is located on the third floor of an old seventeenth century building on the Island of Saint-Louis. With modern and cosy décor, wooden floors throughout, a table with 4 chairs, a fully equipped Carrara marble American style kitchen containing: fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washer-dryer, induction hobs, microwave and conventional oven, Nespresso coffee maker, food mixer, kettle, toaster, crockery and general kitchen utensils. 	A 42-square-metre apartment recently designed and renovated by architects who value good taste and comfort. The apartment is located on the third floor of an old seventeenth century building on the Island of Saint-Louis. With modern and cosy décor, wooden floors throughout, a table with 4 chairs, a fully equipped Carrara marble American style kitchen containing: fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washer-dryer, induction hobs, microwave and conventional oven, Nespresso coffee maker, food mixer, kettle, toaster, crockery and general kitchen utensils. The television, installed behind a mirror, works using a reflection system.  High speed fibre optic internet WIFI and telephone with free calls to fixed lines in Brazil, USA and the whole of Europe. The bedroom, with a queen-size double bed, has a spacious wardrobe.  A large steel and glass door opens into the living room and completes the charm and originality of the environment.  The bathroom, with access to the bedroom, has a large mirror and s
35261	Excellent standing building. The Paris apartment is on the 4th and 5th floor with an elevator. What can we say about the view except that it is, according to us, the best in Paris! Two levels apartment to rent in Paris composed of two bedrooms. On the upper floor, you will find the living room with a sofa-bed for one person and one bedroom with a double bed ( 160*200) and the bathroom with a bath. You have an interior stair to go to the inferior level. On this part of the apartment, you have the fully equipped kitchen, the dining room and another bedroom with two single beds that can be put together to have a double bed. This bedroom gets his own bathroom with a stand-up shower. This apartment is just exceptional, very designed and you will never be tired with this amazing view on Notre Dame and the Eiffel tower.	Amazing two levels apartment - two bedrooms, two bathrooms, for 5 persons. The view from the apartment is just UNIQUE. One of the best place to stay in Paris. Excellent standing building. The Paris apartment is on the 4th and 5th floor with an elevator. What can we say about the view except that it is, according to us, the best in Paris! Two levels apartment to rent in Paris composed of two bedrooms. On the upper floor, you will find the living room with a sofa-bed for one person and one bedroom with a double bed ( 160*200) and the bathroom with a bath. You have an interior stair to go to the inferior level. On this part of the apartment, you have the fully equipped kitchen, the dining room and another bedroom with two single beds that can be put together to have a double bed. This bedroom gets his own bathroom with a stand-up shower. This apartment is just exceptional, very designed and you will never be tired with this amazing view on Notre Dame and the Eiffel tower. The whole apartm
35262		Ile Saint-Louis, studio de charme, 22 m2, style Art déco, rénové. Vivez au coeur du vieux Paris en habitant à une adresse prestigieuse. Immeuble du  XVIIème siècle sur les quais.Pièce à vivre claire et calme, haute sous plafond, situé au 3ème étage. 
35263		Please feel free to write with ll your questions about this high end luxury property. check in is from 2 pm onwards and check out at 11 am however we can be flexible with these hours whenever possible!!!
35264	This gorgeous gem in the best location on Ile Saint Louis (and perhaps all of Paris!) has just been updated with a beautiful new spacious shower and modern kitchen.  The apartment has been decorated in a romantic French style by an antique dealer. It has both gorgeous wood floors and beamed ceilings for maximum charm.  The Queen size bed is brand new with a firm high-quality mattress. The kitchen is very well-equipped and features all new appliances including a dishwasher, microwave and electric stove-top.  There is also a clothes washer and drying rack.  The table is perfect for a romantic breakfast- complete with electric kettle and nespresso machine, dinner or checking-in with the office on your laptop using the high-speed fiber optic internet. The bathroom has a brand new roomy shower and with deep blue tiles. 	This gorgeous gem in the best location on Ile Saint Louis (and perhaps all of Paris!) has just been updated with a beautiful new spacious shower and modern kitchen.  The apartment has been decorated in a romantic French style by an antique dealer. It has both gorgeous wood floors and beamed ceilings for maximum charm.  The Queen size bed is brand new with a firm high-quality mattress. The kitchen is very well-equipped and features all new appliances including a dishwasher, microwave and electric stove-top.  There is also a clothes washer and drying rack.  The table is perfect for a romantic breakfast- complete with electric kettle and nespresso machine, dinner or checking-in with the office on your laptop using the high-speed fiber optic internet. The bathroom has a brand new roomy shower and with deep blue tiles. 
35265	"With the facade classified as ""historical monument,"" the flat is very safe and well located. When you enter the flat, you can find a calm courtyard where a big pine tree covers the whole windows. So you can feel relaxed and fine in this well protected flat in the heart of the highly-fashioned district Le Marais. This flat is located in a very safe corner of Le Marais, and moreover it is protected by 2 different security code gates with a guardian."	"Right next to the Centre Pompidou, a comfortable flat of 40m2 ideally located for traveling&enjoying the hot spots in Le Marais. More convenient than a hotel, a big pine tree out of the window is waiting for you to release your stress from the trip. With the facade classified as ""historical monument,"" the flat is very safe and well located. When you enter the flat, you can find a calm courtyard where a big pine tree covers the whole windows. So you can feel relaxed and fine in this well protected flat in the heart of the highly-fashioned district Le Marais. This flat is located in a very safe corner of Le Marais, and moreover it is protected by 2 different security code gates with a guardian. There is no need to pack for travel!  Sitting and sleeping room : ・ For sleeping, there is 1 double bed and 2 sofa-beds of fine quality (2 persons for each). ・ Clean bed linens, blankets and pillows ・ For dining, there is a convertible table of fine quality that you can unfold and adjust the heigh"
35266	Treat yourself to a little romance ! In the most exclusive area of Paris - Ile St Louis - just behind Notre Dame Cathedral. Home of Berthillon ice cream and 3 minutes walk to the famous restaurant 'La Tour D'Argent'.  Charming wooden floored studio with all modern facilities including A/C, American kitchen & bathroom, wireless Internet, cable TV, dishwasher a Queen size bed and a double sofa bed.  For more information please contact me!  ABSOLUTELY FIRST CLASS !!! ILE SAINT LOUIS : Today the Ile Saint Louis has become a highly residential area and a privileged destination and those looking for a romantic visit or who are impassioned about history looking for a Paris that is both elegant and authentic. In general, the island retains its reputation as a home for the upper class. The permanent owners tend to be wealthy, comfortably settled, and of an older generation that keeps to itself, observing from a distance. However, while Ile Saint-Louis remains uniquely calm compared to the rest 	The studio is located halfway Rue de Saint Louis en L'Ile, in the absolute center of Paris.  Close to attractions and yet quiet.  It is on the second French floor walk up opening to the courtyard. It has all amenities for your unforgettable stay. Treat yourself to a little romance ! In the most exclusive area of Paris - Ile St Louis - just behind Notre Dame Cathedral. Home of Berthillon ice cream and 3 minutes walk to the famous restaurant 'La Tour D'Argent'.  Charming wooden floored studio with all modern facilities including A/C, American kitchen & bathroom, wireless Internet, cable TV, dishwasher a Queen size bed and a double sofa bed.  For more information please contact me!  ABSOLUTELY FIRST CLASS !!! ILE SAINT LOUIS : Today the Ile Saint Louis has become a highly residential area and a privileged destination and those looking for a romantic visit or who are impassioned about history looking for a Paris that is both elegant and authentic. In general, the island retains its reputat
35267	Great central location close to all touristic sights. All facilities, fashion shops and restaurants around. Famous historic and trendy parisian area.	Beautiful apartment totaly renovated in the lively Marais area. Smart decoration and comfort for 3 sleeps. Great central location close to all touristic sights. All facilities, fashion shops and restaurants around. Famous historic and trendy parisian area. Metro stations St Paul or Hôtel de Ville
35268	"Ideal location in the heart of the ""rue des rosiers"", although the apartment is protected from the street thanks to a very calm courtyard. Easily accessible because it's on the ground floor, looking out in the courtyard (lots of light, don't worry) "	"In a very calm courtyard boarding a pedestrian shopping street - the ""rue des rosiers"" and its legendary falafels - cosy and convenient nest : original wood flooring, stonewall, new bathroom and bar kitchen, wifi, real bed... Right in the historical heart of Le Marais! Ideal location in the heart of the ""rue des rosiers"", although the apartment is protected from the street thanks to a very calm courtyard. Easily accessible because it's on the ground floor, looking out in the courtyard (lots of light, don't worry) Free Wifi  Cable television  Brand new and comfy bed (real bed) Sheets and towels provided  Hair dryer Soap and shampoo Guide of the borough's hot cafes & restaurants Coffee and tea Many little streets filled with restaurants, cafés, bars and shops. - The closest subway station is Saint-Paul (line 1 or yellow line) - Lots of subway lines around the apartment (line 5, 8, 11 and 7) that can take you in every direction - lots of bus stops too - bike rental station very near - wal"
35269	Right in the heart of the MARAIS district and just a few steps away from the famous Place des Vosges, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris! Cafés, bars, museums, galleries and boutiques are all just around the corner!  The apartment is bathed in sunshine and overlooks the roofs of Paris, with a view of Bastille and numerous churches in the area. This charming apartment has all the modern amenities and equipment to ensure you have an enjoyable and comfortable stay. There is an abundant choice of cafes, bars and restaurants in the area. The fully equipped kitchen will allow you to stay in and cook if you prefer a quiet romantic evening at home. Local groceries, butchers, cheese shops and bread stores are just steps away!  The Marais is a trendy and vibrant neighborhood famed for it's fashion boutiques, galleries and museums. It is in the center of Paris and the apartment is conveniently located next to Bastille (lines 1,8,5) and Saint Paul (line 1) metro stations	Right in the heart of the MARAIS district and just a few steps away from the famous Place des Vosges, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris! Cafés, bars, museums, galleries and boutiques are all just around the corner!  Right in the heart of the MARAIS district and just a few steps away from the famous Place des Vosges, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris! Cafés, bars, museums, galleries and boutiques are all just around the corner!  The apartment is bathed in sunshine and overlooks the roofs of Paris, with a view of Bastille and numerous churches in the area. This charming apartment has all the modern amenities and equipment to ensure you have an enjoyable and comfortable stay. There is an abundant choice of cafes, bars and restaurants in the area. The fully equipped kitchen will allow you to stay in and cook if you prefer a quiet romantic evening at home. Local groceries, butchers, cheese shops and bread stores are just steps away!  T
35270	Hauteur sous plafond très agréable 	Grand studio 32m2 avec belle hauteur sous plafond pouvant accueillir 2 personnes en plein 9em.  Pièce principale avec cuisine américaine et lit en (email hidden) à pied de la garde st lazare, et d'opéra a proximité des lignes de métro et de bus.  Hauteur sous plafond très agréable  Vous aurez accès à la machine à laver le linge  Proximité des magasins. Quartier central et très agréable ! De nombreux bus et stations de métro à proximité 
35271	 En plein cœur du quartier du Marais dans le 4ème arrondissement, cet appartement est niché au premier étage d’un immeuble du 18 ème siècle donnant sur la place piétonne du marché Sainte Catherine. Exposé plein Sud, ce deux pièces lumineux de 36 M² est composé d’un séjour, d’une chambre avec un lit double et d’une salle de bain avec WC. Entièrement rénové, cet appartement offre de belles prestations, assurant tout le confort nécessaire. Le séjour de 24m² rassemble une cuisine US équipée, un coin salle à manger ainsi qu’un salon. Celui-ci est constitué d’un canapé-lit confortable, d’une table basse, de fauteuils club et d’un équipement audiovisuel complet (TV Plasma murale , Hi-Fi, DVD, box internet).  Les deux portes fenêtres donnent accès au balcon de 12 m² couvrant la totalité de l’appartement et qui vous permettra d’admirer la vue magnifique sur la place et ses muriers de Chine. Proche de tout commerce et des métros, vous pourrez également profiter de la proximité de St Paul (100m),	 En plein cœur du quartier du Marais dans le 4ème arrondissement, cet appartement est niché au premier étage d’un immeuble du 18 ème siècle donnant sur la place piétonne du marché Sainte Catherine. Exposé plein Sud, ce deux pièces lumineux de 36 M² est composé d’un séjour, d’une chambre avec un lit double et d’une salle de bain avec WC. Entièrement rénové, cet appartement offre de belles prestations, assurant tout le confort nécessaire. Le séjour de 24m² rassemble une cuisine US équipée, un coin salle à manger ainsi qu’un salon. Celui-ci est constitué d’un canapé-lit confortable, d’une table basse, de fauteuils club et d’un équipement audiovisuel complet (TV Plasma murale , Hi-Fi, DVD, box internet).  Les deux portes fenêtres donnent accès au balcon de 12 m² couvrant la totalité de l’appartement et qui vous permettra d’admirer la vue magnifique sur la place et ses muriers de Chine. Proche de tout commerce et des métros, vous pourrez également profiter de la proximité de St Paul (100m),
35272	Emplacement exceptionnel en plein coeur du le Marais, quartier typique et très animés. Vous êtes dans la carte postale ! Rénové en 2012, ce petit appartement de 30m2  situé dans une cour intérieure qui vous préservera des bruits extérieurs, il reste néanmoins très lumineux. Situé au 2ième étage sans ascenseur, les escaliers sont faciles pour les personnes qui auraient quelques difficultés. Il se compose d'une cuisine fermée équipée, four à micro-onde, gazinière, bouilloire, un bobum pour votre café, un grille pain. Le salon possède un canapé confortable pour les éventuelles petites siestes,  l'accés à internet, le téléphone ( appels illimités vers les fixes ), une petite télévision écran plat avec 200 chaines câblées,  CNN,  etc...Un poste Radio. Une chambre avec un vrai lit douillet de 140x190 cm, linge et couverture fournis, table de chevet, armoire avec penderie. Une petite salle de bain qui se compose d'une douche, lavabo, et de toilettes.	Au cœur du Marais, Appartement cosy, et fonctionnel, donnant sur une cour intérieure. Idéal pour profiter de Paris dans les meilleurs conditions. Proche de 2 stations de métro, de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Emplacement exceptionnel en plein coeur du le Marais, quartier typique et très animés. Vous êtes dans la carte postale ! Rénové en 2012, ce petit appartement de 30m2  situé dans une cour intérieure qui vous préservera des bruits extérieurs, il reste néanmoins très lumineux. Situé au 2ième étage sans ascenseur, les escaliers sont faciles pour les personnes qui auraient quelques difficultés. Il se compose d'une cuisine fermée équipée, four à micro-onde, gazinière, bouilloire, un bobum pour votre café, un grille pain. Le salon possède un canapé confortable pour les éventuelles petites siestes,  l'accés à internet, le téléphone ( appels illimités vers les fixes ), une petite télévision écran plat avec 200 chaines câblées,  CNN,  etc...Un poste Radio. Une chambre avec un vrai lit
35273	The studio is locaded on the 1st floor of a typical Parisian building. Very quiet as all the windows look onto the courtyard  It is composed of a separate bedroom with a double bed, a living room with a double sofa bed that can accommodate two additional people. Fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, micro wave, cooker, coffee maker, dishes, etc) open to the living room. Bathroom with shower, toilet Internet WIFI	An exceptional location for this 30m2 (370sf) studio located in the Marais in the heart of Paris. You will be at two steps from the Centre Georges Pompidou , Place des Vosges, Notre Dame, City Hall and the LOUVRE.  The studio is locaded on the 1st floor of a typical Parisian building. Very quiet as all the windows look onto the courtyard  It is composed of a separate bedroom with a double bed, a living room with a double sofa bed that can accommodate two additional people. Fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, micro wave, cooker, coffee maker, dishes, etc) open to the living room. Bathroom with shower, toilet Internet WIFI An exceptional location for this 30m2 (370sf) studio located in the Marais in the heart of Paris. You will be at two steps from the Centre Georges Pompidou , Place des Vosges, Notre Dame, City Hall and the LOUVRE. Step right outside your door and find spectacular and budget-friendly shopping on the Rue de Rivoli or other unique boutiques in the small streets of this 
35274	This recently renovated, large, elegant two bedroom apartment to rent in Paris is located on the first French floor of a typical 17Ith century building. It is a perfect location to enjoy a quality Parisian stay as a family, with friends or as couples. Paris apartment ideally located at the very heart of Paris. Elegant renovated discreet façade of a 17th century building. Noble Floor: 1st French floor. There is an elevator but also an easy access by staircase that is very easy with small steps. 85 Square metres of surface is very well adapted to offer complete comfort and privacy. For security: Intercom device and concierge living in the building. Bathed in natural day light with good space proportions. East West exposure. The entire apartment rental in Paris has a modern lighting system, which will delight you at night with its various lighting effects. The modern radiators warm the Paris apartment with the sweetness of a central heating system. Upon entering your cozy Paris flat you w	Nowhere better to rent than this amazing apartment in Paris. Ideally located on Ile Saint Louis, it has all the modern amenities you could desire, as well as being beautifully decorated and very spacious. This recently renovated, large, elegant two bedroom apartment to rent in Paris is located on the first French floor of a typical 17Ith century building. It is a perfect location to enjoy a quality Parisian stay as a family, with friends or as couples. Paris apartment ideally located at the very heart of Paris. Elegant renovated discreet façade of a 17th century building. Noble Floor: 1st French floor. There is an elevator but also an easy access by staircase that is very easy with small steps. 85 Square metres of surface is very well adapted to offer complete comfort and privacy. For security: Intercom device and concierge living in the building. Bathed in natural day light with good space proportions. East West exposure. The entire apartment rental in Paris has a modern lighting syst
35275	This apartment is located in rue Ferdinand Duval ( 10 m to Rue des Rosiers) ,right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Marais. It is on the 4th floor of a nice building, with no lift.  You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The nearest metro station is Saint-Paul, 1 minute away. It is one of the most central station in Paris . On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, jazz clubs, bars and shops.  It is a short 1 minute walk from the Rosiers Street , inside the Marais and 10 minutes from the Ile Saint Louis. Within moments you could find yourself crossing the bridge to Notre-Dame or walking by the Seine. The apartment itself can accomodate 1,2 or 3 people.  The kitchen is well equipped with an , stove, fridge,and microwave.  The bathroom has a bath tub and toilet and washing machine. There will be clean bed linen and fresh towels for you to use. A bientôt! See you soon	Très agréable et lumineux appartement de 37m2 avec une belle hauteur sous plafond et des poutres apparentes. Idéalement situé, bien desservi et au calme,  il offre toutes les commodités pour un week-end ou un séjour prolongé. This apartment is located in rue Ferdinand Duval ( 10 m to Rue des Rosiers) ,right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Marais. It is on the 4th floor of a nice building, with no lift.  You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The nearest metro station is Saint-Paul, 1 minute away. It is one of the most central station in Paris . On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, jazz clubs, bars and shops.  It is a short 1 minute walk from the Rosiers Street , inside the Marais and 10 minutes from the Ile Saint Louis. Within moments you could find yourself crossing the bridge to Notre-Dame or walking by the Seine. The apartment itself can accomodate 1,2 or 3 people.  The kitchen is well equipped with an , stove, fri
35276	Lovely apartment in the heart of Paris. 10 minutes walking from Bastille, Place des Vosges, Notre-Dame, Beaubourg. Walking distance from train station Gare de Lyon and from many metro stations (nearest station: Bastille) You can find a charming bedroom, a beautiful living room with fireplace, a large bathroom, and a kitchen with everything you need: hob, washing machine, oven. Television and hi-fi. Linen and Towels provided. The neighborhood is full pf shops: supermarkets, boulangeries, pharmacies, laundries, internet café, restaurants.	Lovely apartment in the heart of Paris. 10 minutes walking from Bastille, Place des Vosges, Notre-Dame, Beaubourg. Walking distance from train station Gare de Lyon and from many metro stations (nearest station: Bastille) You can find a charming bedroom, a beautiful living room with fireplace, a large bathroom, and a kitchen with everything you need: hob, washing machine, oven. Television and hi-fi. Linen and Towels provided. The neighborhood is full pf shops: supermarkets, boulangeries, pharmacies, laundries, internet café, restaurants.
35277	Located in the center of Paris, between Bastille and Saint Paul.  A great apartment, living room with american cuisine, a bedroom and a bathroom.  Up to 4 persons Very well equiped, with washing machine, heater, wifi ... No need for taxi, or metro ...  1 min walking from Rue Rivoli, Place des Voges and Le Marais.  5 min walking from Hotel de ville, Notre Dame , Saint Michel and Le Louvre. And if you really want to take the metro, you'll be 1 min away from metro Bastille (ligne 1, 5, and 8) and 3 min away from metro Sully Morland (ligne 7). Walking distance you will find all the commodities (supermarkets, shopping, banks, restaurants of all sort ... ) Breakfast is offered! nb:  I don't ask for cash deposite but at the same time i expect from my guests to treat the apartment as if it was their own place. For more info or special request, please feel free asking me. Bienvenus a Paris! Hope to see you soon!	Located in the center of Paris, between Bastille and Saint Paul.  A great apartment, living room with american cuisine, a bedroom and a bathroom.  Up to 4 persons Very well equiped, with washing machine, heater, wifi ... No need for taxi, or metro ...  1 min walking from Rue Rivoli, Place des Voges and Le Marais.  5 min walking from Hotel de ville, Notre Dame , Saint Michel and Le Louvre. And if you really want to take the metro, you'll be 1 min away from metro Bastille (ligne 1, 5, and 8) and 3 min away from metro Sully Morland (ligne 7). Walking distance you will find all the commodities (supermarkets, shopping, banks, restaurants of all sort ... ) Breakfast is offered! nb:  I don't ask for cash deposite but at the same time i expect from my guests to treat the apartment as if it was their own place. For more info or special request, please feel free asking me. Bienvenus a Paris! Hope to see you soon!
35278	"This mezzanine apartment is about 15 square feet (approx: 162 square feet), located on rue de Sevigne in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the Marais. Not far from Place des Vosges, the Church of St. Paul St. Louis and to a short walk along the Seine from the Ile Saint Louis. It's on the 1st French floor, without elevator. It consists of a living/dining room, a mezzanine bed, an opened equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The services are of quality, the decoration is neat and it will offer you all the modern comfort to welcome up 2 people. It is served by the metro station ""Saint-Paul"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - Microwave - kettle - Coffee maker - Iron  - Ironing board - vacuum living/dining room Surface of about 12 sqm - 129 sqft. It has a window facing Southeast and is equipped with 4 c"	"This mezzanine apartment is about 15 square feet (approx: 162 square feet), located on rue de Sevigne in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the Marais. Not far from Place des Vosges, the Church of St. Paul St. Louis and to a short walk along the Seine from the Ile Saint Louis. It's on the 1st French floor, without elevator. It consists of a living/dining room, a mezzanine bed, an opened equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The services are of quality, the decoration is neat and it will offer you all the modern comfort to welcome up 2 people. It is served by the metro station ""Saint-Paul"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - Microwave - kettle - Coffee maker - Iron  - Ironing board - vacuum living/dining room Surface of about 12 sqm - 129 sqft. It has a window facing Southeast and is equipped with 4 c"
35279		Typical flat from Le Marais on a lovely courtyard. Very well located. The price is low because where are 4 temporary stay (wood bar) in the living room ( no security pb ). There is one bed in the mezzanine and one sofa bed. Our apartment is in the heart of the Marais. Have a picnic at the Place des Vosges (1 min walk) or take a leisurely stroll through the Marais or along the Seine! Steps away from Place des Vosges, this apartment has everything you'll need during your stay in Paris. Located in the Marais (4rd arrondissement), you are easily within walking distance from the Seine, Notre Dame Cathedral, Bastille, Republique, Centre Pompidou modern art museum, Hotel de Ville, and l'Ile de la Cite. The Marais has many cafes, restaurants, shops, and art galleries and is home to the jewish and lgbt communities.  The apartment is located near Metro Bastille (lines 1, 5, 8, 9) and Saint Paul (line 1), so you will have direct access to nearly every great and iconic places in Paris. Perfect for
35280	This nice flat is in an typical old Parisian building located in the historical center of Paris, just facing the Seine and the Ile Saint Louis, flat is really bright and luminous, the living room is really nice and big, you can have dinner on the table or enjoy theview while sitting on the leather coach. enjoy the Seine view, it is really nice at night to see boats going down the river. 	This apartment is located on the boarding of the Seine, in the 4th district at the beginning of the Marais and in front of Notre Dame. You are in the true historical center of Paris, it is nice place to discover all main sight seeing in Paris. This nice flat is in an typical old Parisian building located in the historical center of Paris, just facing the Seine and the Ile Saint Louis, flat is really bright and luminous, the living room is really nice and big, you can have dinner on the table or enjoy theview while sitting on the leather coach. enjoy the Seine view, it is really nice at night to see boats going down the river.  Guest will have access to the whole apartment, a 140 *190 bed in the room, an IMac whith big screen, wifi connection, stereo system, bathroom with bath and separated toilets Even if I am not with you while you will stay at my place, my neighbor will take care of your welcome and will share with you all our best spots of the area, café, restaurants, shops, everyth
35281	The room is located on the 5th floor (without lift) of a charming building in a busy area.	pretty Parisian room in the center, next to many bar and restaurant Chatelet district. metro and bike down the building you are near many attractions. the room is in an apartment with all the comfort and shared with a passionate Parisian trip in the The room is located on the 5th floor (without lift) of a charming building in a busy area. The room is in an apartment with all the comfort and shared with a passionate Parisian trip in the second room of the apartment. You have access to all common areas like the kitchen, the bathroom and the entrance to the apartment. The two bedrooms are at the opposite to her. I am available to you bring my help and show you the places not to miss during your stay :) It is located in the best spot for tourists. It has very good access to public transportation and tourist attractions. You have the metro just downstairs and a bike station.
35282	Hi and welcome in my own flat.  You will feel like home in a real parisian appartment in the heart of Paris.  For your pleasure, you will find all my graphics design and architecture books. THE FLAT give on a courtyard with birds and vegetation. i will give you dry grap for the birds, they are crazy of it. outside of course, no birds inside. Totally quiet and out of the animation of the street. Full of equipment (fridge, Hoven, washing machine, coffee machine, computer and wifi in free access. All the flat is totally renoved in a modern design style. THE NEIBOURHOOD is animate, many shops, french coffees and restaurants PARIS BY WALK. This appartement is the good departure for a lot of touristics places and the feeling to live like a real parisian. You will be close to Le marais - Latin quarter - Notre Dame - Le Louvre - Beaubourg (comtenporary museum) and La Seine in a walk distance. Front of the Louvre you can find boat and have a river sight for an hour round. On sunday you could wa	Hi and welcome in my own flat.  You will feel like home in a real parisian appartment in the heart of Paris.  For your pleasure, you will find all my graphics design and architecture books. THE FLAT give on a courtyard with birds and vegetation. i will give you dry grap for the birds, they are crazy of it. outside of course, no birds inside. Totally quiet and out of the animation of the street. Full of equipment (fridge, Hoven, washing machine, coffee machine, computer and wifi in free access. All the flat is totally renoved in a modern design style. THE NEIBOURHOOD is animate, many shops, french coffees and restaurants PARIS BY WALK. This appartement is the good departure for a lot of touristics places and the feeling to live like a real parisian. You will be close to Le marais - Latin quarter - Notre Dame - Le Louvre - Beaubourg (comtenporary museum) and La Seine in a walk distance. Front of the Louvre you can find boat and have a river sight for an hour round. On sunday you could wa
35283	Would you like to stay in the center of Paris, 50 meters from the Notre Dame Cathedral? Large and beautiful room in a wonderful location in the heart of Paris: Ile de la Cité. Close to Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis, Quartier Latin and Le Marais.  This room is located in a classy Hausmanian building with elevator and a nice view of the street.  Close to RER B (direct from Charles De Gaulle Airport and Orly) and RER C.  Metro stations: Cité line 4, Hotel de Ville line 1 and 11 and line 10 Maubert-Mutualité.  Walking distance of shops, cafes, restaurants, large shopping center, banks, post office, etc.  Amenities:  Walking distance to many shops stools, cafes, restaurants, high street banks, post office, shopping center, offices etc.  Wireless Internet.  Towels and sheets are provided.  Shared bathroom.  Location Map:  (website hidden)_q&hl=fr&geocode=&q=11,+rue+d+arcole&sll(phone number hidden)&sspn(phone number hidden)&ie=UTF8&hq=&hnear=11+Rue+d'Arcole,+75004+Paris,+Ile-de-France,+France&	Would you like to stay in the center of Paris, 50 meters from the Notre Dame Cathedral? Large and beautiful room in a wonderful location in the heart of Paris: Ile de la Cité. Close to Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis, Quartier Latin and Le Marais.  This room is located in a classy Hausmanian building with elevator and a nice view of the street.  Close to RER B (direct from Charles De Gaulle Airport and Orly) and RER C.  Metro stations: Cité line 4, Hotel de Ville line 1 and 11 and line 10 Maubert-Mutualité.  Walking distance of shops, cafes, restaurants, large shopping center, banks, post office, etc.  Amenities:  Walking distance to many shops stools, cafes, restaurants, high street banks, post office, shopping center, offices etc.  Wireless Internet.  Towels and sheets are provided.  Shared bathroom.  Location Map:  (website hidden)_q&hl=fr&geocode=&q=11,+rue+d+arcole&sll(phone number hidden)&sspn(phone number hidden)&ie=UTF8&hq=&hnear=11+Rue+d'Arcole,+75004+Paris,+Ile-de-France,+France&
35284		Large private room in central Paris: le Marais. 5 minutes walk to Centre Pompidou, Notre Dame and Picasso museum. 2 minutes walk from Hotel de Ville metro station. The room is part of large and comfortable appartement with nice living room.
35285	Small, well appointed studio apartment at the very heart of Paris, on the famous Isle St Louis. SIX-NIGHT MINIMUM.  We are looking for quiet persons or couples to rent our fully equipped and furnished studio (about 30 square meters or 300 square feet) in central Paris on the famous Isle St. Louis. Please contact us for more information. Discounts available for longer stays. The location is superb. Pick up fresh bread at the nearby boulangerie and some exquisite cheese at the local fromagerie for breakfast. Take a late night stroll along the nearby (website hidden) hop in the adjacent Marais district, the East Village of Paris.	Cozy, well-appointed and graciously designed studio apartment that mixes old and new aesthetics at the very heart of Paris, on the famous Isle St Louis that is a stone's throw from Le Marais, Quartier Latin, Notre Dame and Le Louvre. Small, well appointed studio apartment at the very heart of Paris, on the famous Isle St Louis. SIX-NIGHT MINIMUM.  We are looking for quiet persons or couples to rent our fully equipped and furnished studio (about 30 square meters or 300 square feet) in central Paris on the famous Isle St. Louis. Please contact us for more information. Discounts available for longer stays. The location is superb. Pick up fresh bread at the nearby boulangerie and some exquisite cheese at the local fromagerie for breakfast. Take a late night stroll along the nearby (website hidden) hop in the adjacent Marais district, the East Village of Paris. The flat includes its own modern bathroom, a washing machine, stove, oven, toaster and coffee press. For sleeping there is only a f
35286	Ideally located right in the centre of Paris, duplex apartment (34m2/366sq ft), in 17th century building, fully renovated in 2013.  The apartment is located in the fashionable Montorgueil area of Paris' 2nd arrondissement. The area is famous for its pedestrian streets, packed with small boutiques, cafes an restaurants. Just 5 minutes walk from the Pompidou centre and Le Marais and 10 min walk to the Louvre and Notre Dame cathedral and other sites. There are 3 metro stations within 5min walk including Chatelet-Les Halles for direct travel to CDG and Orly airports as well as Eurodisney. The apartment is fully renovated, very compact an clean. It includes the living room and an open kitchen on the 1st level and upstairs is the bedroom (140cm/55in double bed) with wooden beams and the shower room.  Free (and fast) wifi internet is available, towels and bed linen provided. The apartment sleeps 2 comfortably in the double bed upstairs and has a sofa bed (160cm wide) downstairs for a a furthe	Ideally located in the centre of Paris, Duplex apartment in 17th century building, renovated in 2013. On a charming pedestrian street in the fashionable Montorgueil area of Paris' 2nd district. Very good transport connections, Chatelet-les-Halles. Ideally located right in the centre of Paris, duplex apartment (34m2/366sq ft), in 17th century building, fully renovated in 2013.  The apartment is located in the fashionable Montorgueil area of Paris' 2nd arrondissement. The area is famous for its pedestrian streets, packed with small boutiques, cafes an restaurants. Just 5 minutes walk from the Pompidou centre and Le Marais and 10 min walk to the Louvre and Notre Dame cathedral and other sites. There are 3 metro stations within 5min walk including Chatelet-Les Halles for direct travel to CDG and Orly airports as well as Eurodisney. The apartment is fully renovated, very compact an clean. It includes the living room and an open kitchen on the 1st level and upstairs is the bedroom (140cm/55i
35287	Customer's comments: -Very lovely and modern flat with a perfect location to visit Paris. -Beautifull appartment, VERY CLEAN where everything is new and well working. VERY COMFORTABLE bed and sofas and a large bathroom. The appartment was perfectly QUIET with excellent window's isolation. Pretty historical building with a real character. We love the location ! Saint Louis Island is definitelly the most beautifull and romantic part of Paris.  -This apartment was very clean and charming. The view of the Seine was great, and the location cannot be beat - right in the center of everything.  -Brilliant apartment in the very heart of the city. We stayed for one week and loved that we could stroll to the Latin Quarter or jump on the metro and get anywhere quickly. Have all you would need and we would definitely stay there again!	Intérieur: Charme assuré / lune de miel Extérieur: Quartier historique et romantique de Paris, bord de Seine Studio, couchage 2 personnes, 30m2, 1 salle de bain, cuisine équipée quartier 04ème - Hôtel-de-Ville - Le Marais - Cathédrale Notre Dame Customer's comments: -Very lovely and modern flat with a perfect location to visit Paris. -Beautifull appartment, VERY CLEAN where everything is new and well working. VERY COMFORTABLE bed and sofas and a large bathroom. The appartment was perfectly QUIET with excellent window's isolation. Pretty historical building with a real character. We love the location ! Saint Louis Island is definitelly the most beautifull and romantic part of Paris.  -This apartment was very clean and charming. The view of the Seine was great, and the location cannot be beat - right in the center of everything.  -Brilliant apartment in the very heart of the city. We stayed for one week and loved that we could stroll to the Latin Quarter or jump on the metro and get anyw
35288	This 30m2 apartment is ideally located rue de Rivoli, next to the Hôtel de Ville and in the heart of the Marais. Rue de Rivoli crosses Paris from La Bastille to Champs Elysées (through Saint-Paul, Louvre, Concorde...). 10 minutes walk from Ile de la Cité, Le Louvre, Beaubourg, Notre Dame de Paris, Place des Vosges, Jardin des Tuilerie, Quais de Seine... Furthermore, the neighborhood is very lively and secure : many restaurants, many cafés and  nightclubs . The apartment is located on the 6th floor with elevator, in the Parisian garret. It is a very quiet place, cosy and very well decorated. You will make yourself at home : a living room with a bedroom with a double bed (the sheets are supplied) and a desk, a sleeper sofa (2 beddings, the sheets are supplied), a fitted kitchen (washing machine, fridge, microwave, kettle…), a small bathroom with (the towels are supplied), and the WC is separated (you will have to go through the bedroom to get to the W.C).... It's an ideal place for two p	This 30m2 apartment is ideally located rue de Rivoli, next to the Hôtel de Ville and in the heart of the Marais. Rue de Rivoli crosses Paris from La Bastille to Champs Elysées (through Saint-Paul, Louvre, Concorde...). 10 minutes walk from Ile de la Cité, Le Louvre, Beaubourg, Notre Dame de Paris, Place des Vosges, Jardin des Tuilerie, Quais de Seine... Furthermore, the neighborhood is very lively and secure : many restaurants, many cafés and  nightclubs . The apartment is located on the 6th floor with elevator, in the Parisian garret. It is a very quiet place, cosy and very well decorated. You will make yourself at home : a living room with a bedroom with a double bed (the sheets are supplied) and a desk, a sleeper sofa (2 beddings, the sheets are supplied), a fitted kitchen (washing machine, fridge, microwave, kettle…), a small bathroom with (the towels are supplied), and the WC is separated (you will have to go through the bedroom to get to the W.C).... It's an ideal place for two p
35289	"Hello I live in the city of Paris and I rent my studio in the center of the Marais in the middle of Paris. The studio is nice and cosy (20m5, height 3.30m). It has a mezzanine with a double bed. Also, there is a convertible double-bed sofa for an additional person. In the main room there are two windows with a great view.   It's ideal for one or two person.  Linens and towels provided Free Wifi There is a small kitchen with a window. Two hot plates, refrigerator, microwave incl. grill, rice cooker, expresso machine, kettle… The bathroom has a shower/small bathtub, toilette and hairdryer. Iron with little ironing board I'm not living at the same studio, but I can be around to give you some extra informations or help whenever you ask me for. Location: 75004 Paris, in the center of the Marais. 2 minute walk from the metro station ""Hotel de Ville"" line 1 5 minutes walk to the Seine, Notre Dame, Ils St. Louis, Centre George Pompidou or Place de Vosges. Laundry, grocery stores, pharmacy, cof"	"Hello I live in the city of Paris and I rent my studio in the center of the Marais in the middle of Paris. The studio is nice and cosy (20m5, height 3.30m). It has a mezzanine with a double bed. Also, there is a convertible double-bed sofa for an additional person. In the main room there are two windows with a great view.   It's ideal for one or two person.  Linens and towels provided Free Wifi There is a small kitchen with a window. Two hot plates, refrigerator, microwave incl. grill, rice cooker, expresso machine, kettle… The bathroom has a shower/small bathtub, toilette and hairdryer. Iron with little ironing board I'm not living at the same studio, but I can be around to give you some extra informations or help whenever you ask me for. Location: 75004 Paris, in the center of the Marais. 2 minute walk from the metro station ""Hotel de Ville"" line 1 5 minutes walk to the Seine, Notre Dame, Ils St. Louis, Centre George Pompidou or Place de Vosges. Laundry, grocery stores, pharmacy, cof"
35290	A bright and artily decorated apartment in he center of Paris historic and vibrant marais. Because it's located in the courtyard, it's very calm and quiet.	For a truly Parisian experience, enjoy a beautiful, historic 1-bedroom flat located in Paris' trendy Marais. Double exposure windows let in sun & breeze. Velvet sofa sleeps 3rd. 100m from the Seine, Pompidou museum, best bars&restaurants. Chic! A bright and artily decorated apartment in he center of Paris historic and vibrant marais. Because it's located in the courtyard, it's very calm and quiet. There's lots of light because I'm on the 5th floor of the old 19th century building. But like many Hausmanian apartments, there's no elevator !
35291	"The Studio is an apartment of 35 m2 of open space with a ceiling located 2.80 meters from the ground. It is located on the 1st floor of a 18th century building without elevator. The building is equipped with a door code. It has two beds, one 160 cm bed and a sofa bed 120 can accommodate all three people in total. The apartment is fully equipped in terms of bed sheets, blankets, and pillows. The apartment is located rue Saint Martin in the 4 th arrondissement. Its location places it was close to all the attractions of central Paris. You will also find your feet all means of transport possible in Paris, RER, Metro, bus. The apartment is a 2 minute walk from the station the ""halls"", which will allow you direct access by public transportation from all airports in the capital. It has close to all the shops you need to do your shopping or an infinite number of restaurants and cafes. In terms of equipment the studio has a TV with cable channels. Wireless internet is also available. The kitche"	"The Studio is an apartment of 35 m2 of open space with a ceiling located 2.80 meters from the ground. It is located on the 1st floor of a 18th century building without elevator. The building is equipped with a door code. It has two beds, one 160 cm bed and a sofa bed 120 can accommodate all three people in total. The apartment is fully equipped in terms of bed sheets, blankets, and pillows. The apartment is located rue Saint Martin in the 4 th arrondissement. Its location places it was close to all the attractions of central Paris. You will also find your feet all means of transport possible in Paris, RER, Metro, bus. The apartment is a 2 minute walk from the station the ""halls"", which will allow you direct access by public transportation from all airports in the capital. It has close to all the shops you need to do your shopping or an infinite number of restaurants and cafes. In terms of equipment the studio has a TV with cable channels. Wireless internet is also available. The kitche"
35292	"The space: This apartment is designed to comfortably host 4 people in the historical and most central part of Paris. On this special island, the ""ile de la Cité"", almost no apartment exists like this one. We have spent more than 10 years to renovate it with noble materials such as solid stone, genuine old tiles, heavy old oak, solid teak, glass, chromed brass and stainless steel. This long lasting restoration has just been completed. It has recently been decorated with modern furniture to enhance the charm of the place, the visible beams, the ancient stones and the ""tomettes"" tiled floor. Thanks to its private entry on the quai aux Fleurs and its two levels, this crossing apartment feels like à house. It includes: - One main room (kitchen area, dining area and a lounge area) with two luminous windows on the quai aux Fleurs in front of the Hotel De Ville. - One bedroom on the first floor with two windows on the rue des Ursins and a 160x200cm bed - One bedroom on the ground floor with tw"	"this two bedrooms flat is in a building dating from the 13 th century,in the heart of Paris, on the ILE DE LA CITE. The combination of 3,5m ceiling height and large windows  along the quai allows the appartment to be flooded with light all day long.  The space: This apartment is designed to comfortably host 4 people in the historical and most central part of Paris. On this special island, the ""ile de la Cité"", almost no apartment exists like this one. We have spent more than 10 years to renovate it with noble materials such as solid stone, genuine old tiles, heavy old oak, solid teak, glass, chromed brass and stainless steel. This long lasting restoration has just been completed. It has recently been decorated with modern furniture to enhance the charm of the place, the visible beams, the ancient stones and the ""tomettes"" tiled floor. Thanks to its private entry on the quai aux Fleurs and its two levels, this crossing apartment feels like à house. It includes: - One main room (kitchen "
35293	Nous vous proposons un charmant studio de 17 mètres carrés, situé au 1 er étage avec ascenceur. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec deux portes à digicode. Le studio est situé en plein coeur de Paris entre le Centre Georges Pompidou et la Cathédrale Notre Dame.  Stations de métro : Ligne 1 Hotel de Ville et Ligne 1 - RER A Châtelet les Halles. Vous pourrez y séjourner à deux personnes très confortablement avec un canapé lit très agréable. La salle de bain est composée d'une douche, d'un lavabo et des toilettes. La cuisine est tout équipée avec : un frigidaire, une hote aspirante, un micro-ondes, deux plaques à induction, un évier, une cafetière, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, etc... Vous pourrez profiter de la télévision et d'un accès internet WIFI qui est également à votre disposition. Une très agréable terrasse de 7 mètres carrés est à votre disposition.  Le studio est idéalement situé au pieds des commerces et restaurants!	Nous vous proposons un charmant studio de 17 mètres carrés, situé au 1 er étage avec ascenceur. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec deux portes à digicode. Le studio est situé en plein coeur de Paris entre le Centre Georges Pompidou et la Cathédrale Notre Dame.  Stations de métro : Ligne 1 Hotel de Ville et Ligne 1 - RER A Châtelet les Halles. Vous pourrez y séjourner à deux personnes très confortablement avec un canapé lit très agréable. La salle de bain est composée d'une douche, d'un lavabo et des toilettes. La cuisine est tout équipée avec : un frigidaire, une hote aspirante, un micro-ondes, deux plaques à induction, un évier, une cafetière, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, etc... Vous pourrez profiter de la télévision et d'un accès internet WIFI qui est également à votre disposition. Une très agréable terrasse de 7 mètres carrés est à votre disposition.  Le studio est idéalement situé au pieds des commerces et restaurants!
35294		'  Nice studio 20m2 in the heart of Paris on the Champs Elysees feet. Close subway and any trade with 10mn with feet of L \ 'Arc de Triomphe.  '
35295	WELCOME IN THE CITY LIGHT! You'll love to walk in the historic district of Paris, in the heart of the Marais, between the Seine and Ile Saint Louis, Bastille, Hôtel de ville. The apartment is located in a paved passage beside the village Saint-Paul. Its view give over the rooftops. It is a secure Property with a digital code; It has a lounge, a bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom/toilet. It is on the four floor without elevator, but it is easy ! It can accommodate up to 4 people. There is two single beds in the room 90X200, and a sofa bed 140X200 in the lounge for 2 people. you will find in the area, restaurants, cafes, greengrocers, butchers, cheese makers, wine cellars, organic food shop, bakeries, pharmacies, banks ,etc. Beautiful clothing stores, designers, vintage.... Galleries, antique stores... You are just few minutes walk from Notre Dame, the Place des Vosges,Island Saint-Louis, the magnificent mansions of the marais ...   And Just Around : Palais royal, Châtelet, Louvre Museum, Pi	WELCOME IN THE CITY LIGHT! You'll love to walk in the historic district of Paris, in the heart of the Marais, between the River Seine and Ile Saint-Louis, Bastille to Hôtel de ville via la place des Vosges....   WELCOME IN THE CITY LIGHT! You'll love to walk in the historic district of Paris, in the heart of the Marais, between the Seine and Ile Saint Louis, Bastille, Hôtel de ville. The apartment is located in a paved passage beside the village Saint-Paul. Its view give over the rooftops. It is a secure Property with a digital code; It has a lounge, a bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom/toilet. It is on the four floor without elevator, but it is easy ! It can accommodate up to 4 people. There is two single beds in the room 90X200, and a sofa bed 140X200 in the lounge for 2 people. you will find in the area, restaurants, cafes, greengrocers, butchers, cheese makers, wine cellars, organic food shop, bakeries, pharmacies, banks ,etc. Beautiful clothing stores, designers, vintage.... Galleries
35296	Very central and fully frinished.  	STUDIO INDEPENDANT IN PARIS CENTER AREA LE MARAIS NOT FAR FROM NOTRE DAME DE PARIS AND LOUVRE IDEAL FOR A SHORT OR LONG STAY IN PARIS VERY EASY OF ACCES IN ALL THE TYPES OF TRANSPORT THE KITCHEN AND THE SHOWER TO SHARE WITH 2 OR 3 PEOPLES Very central and fully frinished.  There is the fridge and the micro wave Very safe All the transports: metro, bus, RER etc
35297	Very good location near from all the most popular touristic place.  Notre Dame, seine river, Marais area, Louvre, Montorgeuil area, St Germain des Prés...	"Small 23m2 apartment (250sf) simple, functional and very well located in the center of Paris. Third floor with elevator Very good location near from all the most popular touristic place.  Notre Dame, seine river, Marais area, Louvre, Montorgeuil area, St Germain des Prés... Normaly between 10 to 7pm I can be there to give you the key, later I can hide the key, it s easy Very good location close from all the most popular touristics place.  Notre Dame, seine river, Marais area, Louvre, Montorgeuil area, St Germain des Prés... Many restaurants, cafés, supermarket  From airport ""Charles de Gaulles and Orly) take the RER B to Chatelet les Halles, then exit Centre Georges Pompidou Private Shuttle (CDG and Orly) 65€ door code: first door 2794A second door 8367B internet code: Bbox A45F29 clé wep: B543330D2A SPECIAL FARE FOR TOURISTIC ATRACTIONS Private airport Shutle: 65€ Seine River cruise: 8€  reg price 14€ Disney ticket adult 75€ child 65€ French mobile sim card 15€ Cabaret(lido,Moulin Rou"
35298		Vous êtes à proximité des musées Marmottan,MAM à pieds,et de tous les autres avec 2 autobus et 2 métros au pied de l'immeuble. Les meilleurs commerçants de Paris. Une vaste vue sur Paris et un appartement très chaleureux et frais en été.
35299	 Neighborhood: Ideal for exploring Paris on foot: an exceptional strategic position. Near the Opéra National de Paris, the marina Paris Arsenal and a kindergarten. On foot, you're in the lively Marais and the Place des Vosges, picturesque streets. The neighborhood is safe and there are many cafes, restaurants and caterers. Bakery and supermarket, bank and pharmacy are within walking distance. Metro : A 2 minutes from Metro Bastille and Sully Morland (line 1, 5, 7 and 8). The bus is just opposite. Apartment: Located on the third floor in a building without elevator. The area is lively, but the studio is very quiet. Charm, it is bright thanks to its five windows (one in the bathroom and one in the WC), all overlooking courtyards. The interior is simple and restful. The floor is woodfloor. All well designed, functional and very well equipped. The double bed is very good quality. The sofa converts into an extra bed of 120x190 and can accommodate 1 adult or 2 children. The kitchen is equipp	Well placed to visit Paris, this cozy, welcoming 3 people, is nice, clean, quiet and very well equipped. Everything needed for cooking is provided, even the coffee capsules. Comfort, all inclusive. Do not hesitate, you will return!  Neighborhood: Ideal for exploring Paris on foot: an exceptional strategic position. Near the Opéra National de Paris, the marina Paris Arsenal and a kindergarten. On foot, you're in the lively Marais and the Place des Vosges, picturesque streets. The neighborhood is safe and there are many cafes, restaurants and caterers. Bakery and supermarket, bank and pharmacy are within walking distance. Metro : A 2 minutes from Metro Bastille and Sully Morland (line 1, 5, 7 and 8). The bus is just opposite. Apartment: Located on the third floor in a building without elevator. The area is lively, but the studio is very quiet. Charm, it is bright thanks to its five windows (one in the bathroom and one in the WC), all overlooking courtyards. The interior is simple and res
35300	Its charming & cosy romantic studio with a grand quality of design & comfort based concept on a high standard design Apart-Hotel room in a Fantastic location in a chic & artistic quarter of historical Marais. The flat is found  on the 4th floor no elevator as the building itself proudly present its built age from the époque 17th Century! it is graciously old & prestigious  rather common in the 4 th district of Paris as it's well known to be one of  historical typically Marais buildings which presents timelessly characteristic old world charms & its special value. The flat is offering delightfully Brand New! It's been entirely renovated with the most latest updated modern appliances  ;including an Air-condition!  its impressive job smartly carried out by carefully chosen a quality easthetic materials in a tasteful design.  An innovated modern bathroom with plenty of light ,a comtemporian stylish inox shower unit with multiple water jets offer a luxury Hydromassage  for a whole body show	Its charming & cosy romantic studio with a grand quality of design & comfort based concept on a high standard design Apart-Hotel room in a Fantastic location in a chic & artistic quarter of historical Marais. The flat is found  on the 4th floor no elevator as the building itself proudly present its built age from the époque 17th Century! it is graciously old & prestigious  rather common in the 4 th district of Paris as it's well known to be one of  historical typically Marais buildings which presents timelessly characteristic old world charms & its special value. The flat is offering delightfully Brand New! It's been entirely renovated with the most latest updated modern appliances  ;including an Air-condition!  its impressive job smartly carried out by carefully chosen a quality easthetic materials in a tasteful design.  An innovated modern bathroom with plenty of light ,a comtemporian stylish inox shower unit with multiple water jets offer a luxury Hydromassage  for a whole body show
35301	"Located in a quiet street in the Marais district, this apartment has high ceilings that evoke past times (it was constructed in 1666). It enjoys a view rarely found in large cities: a church, a bell tower and a park filled with trees that mark the passage of the seasons with their ever-changing colors.  It can host up to 7 guests distributed in different sleeping areas: there is a double bedroom from which it is possible to directly access one of the 2 bathrooms, a single bedroom, 2 different sleeping lofts low ceilings where there are 2 single beds and a double sofa in the living room. A small but functional kitchen complete the distribution of this flat.  The marais is a beautiful area with a lot of nice shops, cafés and restaurants. You can for exemple have a nice Middle Eastern meal at ""la rue des Rosiers"". It is a perfect area for every persons who like to live like a parisian and discover small charming streets.  The nice flat is situated near the metro stations ""Rambuteau"", ""Hôt"	"Located in a quiet street in the Marais district, this apartment has high ceilings that evoke past times (it was constructed in 1666). It enjoys a view rarely found in large cities: a church, a bell tower and a park filled with trees that mark the passage of the seasons with their ever-changing colors.  It can host up to 7 guests distributed in different sleeping areas: there is a double bedroom from which it is possible to directly access one of the 2 bathrooms, a single bedroom, 2 different sleeping lofts low ceilings where there are 2 single beds and a double sofa in the living room. A small but functional kitchen complete the distribution of this flat.  The marais is a beautiful area with a lot of nice shops, cafés and restaurants. You can for exemple have a nice Middle Eastern meal at ""la rue des Rosiers"". It is a perfect area for every persons who like to live like a parisian and discover small charming streets.  The nice flat is situated near the metro stations ""Rambuteau"", ""Hôt"
35302		The 3 bedrooms' appartment offers a beautiful place to stay in the very center of Paris.
35303	***More photos soon*** 45m ² apartment on 3rd floor without lift, in an old Parisian building. In the heart of the Marais, just steps from City Hall of Paris and the Museum of Contemporary Art George Pompidou and near all transports. The apartment: - Old-stone building in quiet street - Bright and well decorated living room with sofa bed, internet, wifi, TV - Small room with a comfortable bed for 2 people - Bathroom with shower + wc, washing machine, hair dryer and hair  straightener (for girls) - Fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, small freezer, stove and oven, a large table and four chairs but no micro-wave!) with at your disposal tea and coffee for your breakfast The situation: * The apartment is ideally located, you can do lots of walking tours! * - In the famous area the Marais, just next to Rambuteau street and its shops - 3 minutes walk from the Pompidou museum or the City Hall of Paris - 5 minutes walk from the rue des Rosiers and falafel - 15 mintutes walk from Notre Dame d	***More photos soon*** 45m ² apartment on 3rd floor without lift, in an old Parisian building. In the heart of the Marais, just steps from City Hall of Paris and the Museum of Contemporary Art George Pompidou and near all transports. The apartment: - Old-stone building in quiet street - Bright and well decorated living room with sofa bed, internet, wifi, TV - Small room with a comfortable bed for 2 people - Bathroom with shower + wc, washing machine, hair dryer and hair  straightener (for girls) - Fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, small freezer, stove and oven, a large table and four chairs but no micro-wave!) with at your disposal tea and coffee for your breakfast The situation: * The apartment is ideally located, you can do lots of walking tours! * - In the famous area the Marais, just next to Rambuteau street and its shops - 3 minutes walk from the Pompidou museum or the City Hall of Paris - 5 minutes walk from the rue des Rosiers and falafel - 15 mintutes walk from Notre Dame d
35304	Our  Bright and Spacious Apt of 72 sq. meters or 775 sq. feet is perfectly situated in the Heart of Paris with Equal Distances to: Ile St Louis/Notre Dame,  Place Les Voges,  Rue Archives, the heart of the Marais,  BHV Marais Shopping and  the fabulous Place de la Bastille with classic French Cafes, and the night life rue de la Roquette and Rue Lappe.  All locations within a 5-10 minute stroll. Then to return to your Beautiful and Quiet apartment that offers a great place to relax and rest up. You'll get a peaceful night sleep and wake up to birds chirping! Best for people who want quiet neighbors, a piece of nature just outside the window but steps away from the action. 1 Full and 1 Half Bath  Fully equipped kitchen  a Dining Area  Two Living Room Areas Loft bedroom 2 persons Convertible Sofa 2 persons  Hide-a-bed 1 person The Apt sleeps 5 persons  There's a variety of food options (elegant cafes, and restaurants), walkable and easy access to many of the famous sights, transport (metr	Welcome to our Rustic Apt in the Heart of Paris in Old St Paul/Marais. Quiet apt. provides restful sleep needed to tackle the sites of Paris. Spend time enjoying Paris not getting back and forth - Metro and Buses are a 3 mins walk. Our  Bright and Spacious Apt of 72 sq. meters or 775 sq. feet is perfectly situated in the Heart of Paris with Equal Distances to: Ile St Louis/Notre Dame,  Place Les Voges,  Rue Archives, the heart of the Marais,  BHV Marais Shopping and  the fabulous Place de la Bastille with classic French Cafes, and the night life rue de la Roquette and Rue Lappe.  All locations within a 5-10 minute stroll. Then to return to your Beautiful and Quiet apartment that offers a great place to relax and rest up. You'll get a peaceful night sleep and wake up to birds chirping! Best for people who want quiet neighbors, a piece of nature just outside the window but steps away from the action. 1 Full and 1 Half Bath  Fully equipped kitchen  a Dining Area  Two Living Room Areas Lof
35305	Charming apartment, 70 sq.meters with two sleeping rooms, a living and kitchen dinning room, beautifully furnished with some antiques, french style. The double bed is composed of two beds each , one by two meters and the sofa coach is one sixty by two meters, very cofortable, bedclothes remain in the  couch. It is a Non smoking apartment. The kitchen is modern, very light and confortable. See photos. The Marais is one of the oldest districts  in Paris situated between  the river Seine and the beautiful Place des Vosges. It is  bohemian has  also  berautiful old residential palaces with gardens. It is known for its many  cafés , restaurants, inns and pubs also Place St. Paul is known for its delicious food stores: Paté de fois gras, baguettes,  cheeses, wines  etc... You can perfectly spend a week without cooking enjoying the view in the kitchen with a bottle of red wine a la francaise. Near by are many museums : Carnavalet, Picasso, Centre Pompidou, the House of Victor Hugo, Schoa etc.	Charming apartment, 70 sq.meters with two sleeping rooms, a living and kitchen dinning room, beautifully furnished with some antiques, french style. The double bed is composed of two beds each , one by two meters and the sofa coach is one sixty by two meters, very cofortable, bedclothes remain in the  couch. It is a Non smoking apartment. The kitchen is modern, very light and confortable. See photos. The Marais is one of the oldest districts  in Paris situated between  the river Seine and the beautiful Place des Vosges. It is  bohemian has  also  berautiful old residential palaces with gardens. It is known for its many  cafés , restaurants, inns and pubs also Place St. Paul is known for its delicious food stores: Paté de fois gras, baguettes,  cheeses, wines  etc... You can perfectly spend a week without cooking enjoying the view in the kitchen with a bottle of red wine a la francaise. Near by are many museums : Carnavalet, Picasso, Centre Pompidou, the House of Victor Hugo, Schoa etc.
35306	"Charming studio with old wooden beams, very Parisian ! Located in the Marais , in the Historical center of Paris . An amazing area! It's very central and deserved by many metro lines ( St paul : line 1, Bastille : lines 1,5,8, Hotel de Ville : lines 1,11 ) and many buses line 96 (direct for gare Montparnasse), lines 76, 69, 67... And at 10 minutes on foot from the RER  ""Châtelet-les-Halles"" if you arrived from Charles de Gaulle Airport. The neighborhood is very alive there are a lot of bars, restaurants , clothes shops, art galleries ... The place is ideally situated to visit many touristics and historicals places of Paris. It is close to Place des Vosges , village Saint Paul ,  Bastille , Hôtel de Ville , Centre Pompidou , Ile St-Louis , Notre Dame . .   The studio is  fully equipped : - kitchenette with fridge, cooking plates. a lot of things to cook!  - Cable TV , speed wireless internet , telephone with free international calls , hifi , hairdryer , iron , .. Linen and  towels are p"	"Charming studio with old wooden beams, very Parisian ! Located in the Marais , in the Historical center of Paris . An amazing area! Charming studio with old wooden beams, very Parisian ! Located in the Marais , in the Historical center of Paris . An amazing area! It's very central and deserved by many metro lines ( St paul : line 1, Bastille : lines 1,5,8, Hotel de Ville : lines 1,11 ) and many buses line 96 (direct for gare Montparnasse), lines 76, 69, 67... And at 10 minutes on foot from the RER  ""Châtelet-les-Halles"" if you arrived from Charles de Gaulle Airport. The neighborhood is very alive there are a lot of bars, restaurants , clothes shops, art galleries ... The place is ideally situated to visit many touristics and historicals places of Paris. It is close to Place des Vosges , village Saint Paul ,  Bastille , Hôtel de Ville , Centre Pompidou , Ile St-Louis , Notre Dame . .   The studio is  fully equipped : - kitchenette with fridge, cooking plates. a lot of things to cook!  -"
35307	"Vacation rentals In Paris ""Le Marais"", the oldest and safest area of the capital, that can accommodate 2 people. In the heart of the Paris, the most desirable and trendiest area, the Marais, was originally a swampland until the 12th century. From that time, little by little number of constructions was settled, such as the genuine stones and colored bricks’ private mansions, being since then so peculiar to this district. All the restorations it was subject to show up today the jewels of its architecture mostly from the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries, a must to see for those who are fond of character buildings. It encloses famous museums such as Picasso and Carnavalet, as well as charming little streets, stylish shops, selected and traditional restaurants and cafés. A charming nest, in a 17th century buildings with security codes and reinforced doors. Encloses full quality furniture, a bed, a small dining table with two chairs, a TV with 60 channels, a large mirror, Internet access, linen"	"Vacation rentals In Paris ""Le Marais"", the oldest and safest area of the capital, that can accommodate 2 people. In the heart of the Paris, the most desirable and trendiest area, the Marais, was originally a swampland until the 12th century. From that time, little by little number of constructions was settled, such as the genuine stones and colored bricks’ private mansions, being since then so peculiar to this district. All the restorations it was subject to show up today the jewels of its architecture mostly from the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries, a must to see for those who are fond of character buildings. It encloses famous museums such as Picasso and Carnavalet, as well as charming little streets, stylish shops, selected and traditional restaurants and cafés. A charming nest, in a 17th century buildings with security codes and reinforced doors. Encloses full quality furniture, a bed, a small dining table with two chairs, a TV with 60 channels, a large mirror, Internet access, linen"
35308	In the heart of the town, in the heart of the river Senna, on the saint Louis island this uncommon apartment has three different sleeping spaces in only 26 square meters. The living room, with a (brand new autumn 2012) sofa-bed, is a comfortable space to watch TV or to discuss nearby the fireplace (decorative) during the day or the evenings. The kitchen is small & smart and nothing misses for a good meal preparation.  The bathroom has a big shower and a window on the internal courtyard.  From the living, with a couple of steps downward it i possible to reach the first sleeping room (single bed) which is not a high ceiling one (170 cm) but it is cozy and gives the feeling of a warm and safe place. The second bedroom is in a mezzanine upstairs and is equipped with a double bed. All the facilities are included: big flat screen TV, internet, telephone, washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, etc, but the most interesting thing of this apartment remains its magic position, on the Saint Loui	In the heart of the town, in the heart of the river Senna, on the saint Louis island this uncommon apartment has three different sleeping spaces in only 26 square meters. The living room, with a (brand new autumn 2012) sofa-bed, is a comfortable space to watch TV or to discuss nearby the fireplace (decorative) during the day or the evenings. The kitchen is small & smart and nothing misses for a good meal preparation.  The bathroom has a big shower and a window on the internal courtyard.  From the living, with a couple of steps downward it i possible to reach the first sleeping room (single bed) which is not a high ceiling one (170 cm) but it is cozy and gives the feeling of a warm and safe place. The second bedroom is in a mezzanine upstairs and is equipped with a double bed. All the facilities are included: big flat screen TV, internet, telephone, washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, etc, but the most interesting thing of this apartment remains its magic position, on the Saint Loui
35309	BONUS !!! We will have a bottle of CHAMPAGNE waiting for you upon your arrival Wow!!  Could anything be better than a top floor apartment on the Ile St. Louis, with views of the river Seine?! Welcome home travelers to a truly magical apartment! Located on the prestigious Quai d'Anjou, this bright, Parisian duplex is split over two top floors and is approximately 45 square meters. It is a perfect space for couples - the ideal romantic rooftop nest with views of the most beautiful city in the world! The apartment building has an elevator to the 4th floor, and so you will only need to go up one flight of stairs to reach the 5th floor. If you need help with your luggage, we can arrange in advance to help you. The living area and kitchen are on the ground floor, and the bedroom is on the second level with a queen bed (160 cm x 200 cm). The upstairs bedroom consists of two areas, one with the bed and another area with a desk and armoire for storage. The kitchen is fully-equipped with a two-b	BONUS !!! We will have a bottle of CHAMPAGNE waiting for you upon your arrival Wow!! Could anything be better than a top floor apartment on the Ile St. Louis, with views of the river Seine?! Welcome home travelers to a truly magical apartment! BONUS !!! We will have a bottle of CHAMPAGNE waiting for you upon your arrival Wow!!  Could anything be better than a top floor apartment on the Ile St. Louis, with views of the river Seine?! Welcome home travelers to a truly magical apartment! Located on the prestigious Quai d'Anjou, this bright, Parisian duplex is split over two top floors and is approximately 45 square meters. It is a perfect space for couples - the ideal romantic rooftop nest with views of the most beautiful city in the world! The apartment building has an elevator to the 4th floor, and so you will only need to go up one flight of stairs to reach the 5th floor. If you need help with your luggage, we can arrange in advance to help you. The living area and kitchen are on the gr
35310	Situated between Centre Pompidou and Châtelet Les Halles, and 15 minutes on foot to the Sorbonne, 5-6 on foot to Notre-Dame and 15 minutes on the metro from the Bibliothèque Nationale, the apartment is 80 m² and shared between three people (around 30 years of age, working). The apartment is on the second floor of an historic Parisian apartment block and looks onto a pedestrian walkway, as does the bedroom which will be vacant. The apartment has a full kitchen, washing machine, spacious lounge and dining room, 1 bathroom, 2 WC, cable and wifi internet connection and free telephone calls to landlines in Europe and many overseas nations.  The bedroom is about 25 m² with lots of natural light, a double bed, desk and comfortable armchair, a clothes rack, a little sofa and typical Parisian fireplace (out of order) with a big mirror. This sublet would suit a student, university researcher or tourist , though above all someone who is autonomous, friendly, and respectful of others. Please no re	Big room in 80 m ² apartment of character, beautiful height of ceilings, typical fireplace in a big lounge, spacious kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, WiFi, 2 toilets. In the exact center of Paris, close to everything.  Situated between Centre Pompidou and Châtelet Les Halles, and 15 minutes on foot to the Sorbonne, 5-6 on foot to Notre-Dame and 15 minutes on the metro from the Bibliothèque Nationale, the apartment is 80 m² and shared between three people (around 30 years of age, working). The apartment is on the second floor of an historic Parisian apartment block and looks onto a pedestrian walkway, as does the bedroom which will be vacant. The apartment has a full kitchen, washing machine, spacious lounge and dining room, 1 bathroom, 2 WC, cable and wifi internet connection and free telephone calls to landlines in Europe and many overseas nations.  The bedroom is about 25 m² with lots of natural light, a double bed, desk and comfortable armchair, a clothes rack, a lit
35311	The apartment is on a typical Parisian building. Access is secured by an intercom. The apartment is on the 5th floor, without an elevator, with a beautiful view over the Seine.	Contemporary 55 sqm 1-bedroom apartment with a balcony over the Seine River to rent for a couple with a child (or young adult) in Saint Louis Island ! The apartment is on a typical Parisian building. Access is secured by an intercom. The apartment is on the 5th floor, without an elevator, with a beautiful view over the Seine. The apartment in Paris has been renovated in 2014. It offers high quality amenities and has a 55 m2 surface. It consists of a bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen and a bathroom and toilet. The main room / lounge, has a round table dinner for up to 6 people and a leather sofa with two armchairs. The sofa can be used as a single bed for a child or a young adult (170x75). The living-room has top of the range equipments : flat television (hidden behind sliding panels library) with cable TV channels, a DVD/Bluray with a very good sound system. For musicians, a beautiful piano (electric), allows them to practice their music in Paris. The kitchen is very modern a
35312	Big windows allow the sun to light up this stylish apartment, which boasts all amenities for a perfect stay in centre of the French capital. The apartment is located on the top floor (6th floor without lift) of a 19th century Parisian building and is composed of a living room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom (32 m2) and a terrace (8 m2). This beautiful atelier-apartment has a separate bedroom, with a queen-sized bed, wardrobe and large windows giving view to an idyllic Parisian backyard. The bedroom comes with an en-suite bathroom and toilette. The living room with dining area opens up to the terrace which is inviting to have breakfasts with fresh baguette and croissants, to afternoon naps in the summer sun and romantic private candle light dinners under the star struck skies of the Marais. A small fully equipped kitchenette provides all comfort that is needed for an uncomplicated and relaxing stay.	Most charming flat ideally located in the heart of Paris with a lovely terrace overlooking the skies of the French capital and nearby Centre Georges Pompidou.     Big windows allow the sun to light up this stylish apartment, which boasts all amenities for a perfect stay in centre of the French capital. The apartment is located on the top floor (6th floor without lift) of a 19th century Parisian building and is composed of a living room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom (32 m2) and a terrace (8 m2). This beautiful atelier-apartment has a separate bedroom, with a queen-sized bed, wardrobe and large windows giving view to an idyllic Parisian backyard. The bedroom comes with an en-suite bathroom and toilette. The living room with dining area opens up to the terrace which is inviting to have breakfasts with fresh baguette and croissants, to afternoon naps in the summer sun and romantic private candle light dinners under the star struck skies of the Marais. A small fully equipped kitchenette pr
35313	It´s a 40 mts2 flat, french style, whit full refurbished kitchen and bathroom (shared bathroom) . A wide living room, whit a sofa bed. Fully furnished and wifi connection.  It´s firts florr by stairs. And you can use and enjoy the internal garden. The apartment is at 5 minutes walk from the 5 and 3 bis subway lines, and the center of Paris is a 15 minutes ride. The perfect place to know more about the tipical parisien life!	Rent an apartement in a beautiful and typical parisian village, colled Le pre saint Gervais. Located at 10 minutes from the Canal San martin and the Park The La Villiette, two beautiful places to enjoy a french pic nic or just to take a walk sourroun It´s a 40 mts2 flat, french style, whit full refurbished kitchen and bathroom (shared bathroom) . A wide living room, whit a sofa bed. Fully furnished and wifi connection.  It´s firts florr by stairs. And you can use and enjoy the internal garden. The apartment is at 5 minutes walk from the 5 and 3 bis subway lines, and the center of Paris is a 15 minutes ride. The perfect place to know more about the tipical parisien life! Metro: 5 - 11 - 7bis subway lines Bus (phone number hidden) etc
35314		Situé au 3 eme étage avec ascenseur un immeuble de standing sécurise  Deux pièces de 55 m2 avec balcon Chambre avec salle de bains  Cuisine équipée  Salon  Wc sépares Proximité avenue des ternes  et ses commerces , restaurant  Accès aeroport. Navettes  Rer. Metro ligne 1 . Bois de boulogne , fondation louis Vuitton
35315		Cet appartement se trouve au plein cœur de Boulogne Billancourt et à 15 min en métro du centre de Paris et situé à l’arrêt Porte de Saint-Cloud sur la ligne 9.  C'est un appartement agréable et avec un voisinage calme.
35316		Je propose une chambre spacieuse contenant deux lits (2p+1p) et un balcon donnant sur le jardin de la résidence, agréable pour un petit déjeuner ou plus... A 5 min  de la porte d'auteuil, du bois de boulogne, un séjour chargé en loisir vous attends.
35317	Apartment of 70m2 : 2 bedrooms (25m2 and 20m2…), one spacious living room, 2 balconies, fully equipped kitchen + washing machine, bathroom (with a bathtub), and toilet located in Boulogne-Billancourt just 15 mins from Eiffel tower and 30 mins from centre of Paris.Big room is available for rent ideally meant for a couple or even can accommodate three people which can be negotiated and contact me for more details.	Apartment of 70m2 : 2 bedrooms (25m2 and 20m2…), one spacious living room, 2 balconies, fully equipped kitchen + washing machine, bathroom (with a bathtub), and toilet located in Boulogne-Billancourt just 15 mins from eiffel tower.
35318		Venez profiter de notre logement (2pièces) pour découvrir notre région,de notre cuisine équipée et de nos petits plats que l'on vous réserves.  Le couchage est un matelas gonflable de qualité  Rue calme, proximité commerce,bois de Boulogne,transport,Paris,etc N'hésitez pas à nous poser des questions
35319	Nous partageons une maison à 6. Chacun dispose de son espace tout en partageant des pièeces communes (salon, cuisine, jardin) 	Je laisse ma chambre dans notre très chouette maison à Ivry, juste à côté du métro pierre et marie curie (sur la 7), 15 minutes à pied de la BNF La chambre est spacieuse (15m²), la maison est grande avec un jardin. Nous partageons une maison à 6. Chacun dispose de son espace tout en partageant des pièeces communes (salon, cuisine, jardin) Très simple d'accès il y aura toujours quelqu'un pour vous accueillir je serais à votre disposition pour toute demande commerces à proximité (supermarché, boulangerie, pharmacie, tabac) le métro 7 est à seulement 5 minutes, le bus peut vous déposer à la bnf et le tram 2a est aussi accessible à pied.
35320		Je loue une chambre dans un jolie loft de 220 m2 aux portes de Paris. le Métro ligne 11 vous conduira au centre de Paris (châtelet) en 20 min, et les bus ainsi que le tramway sont à proximité. La cuisine et la salle de bain sont en commun.
35321	Pas de vis-à-vis pour les 2 côtés de l'appartement.	A quelques mètres de Paris et du Métro Porte de Saint Cloud, ce T3 au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, traversant de 42m², exposé est/ouest offre une cuisine équipée, une baignoire et 2 chambres avec un salon (TV+fibre optique). Parquet et murs blancs. Pas de vis-à-vis pour les 2 côtés de l'appartement. Salon, chambre, salle de bain et cuisine (c'est à dire, tout sauf ma chambre) Possibilité de conseils, indication, avis, etc sur le séjour à Paris et en France. Quartier calme et avec toutes les commodités très proches, à quelques mètres de Paris, il est très facile d’accéder au métro ou aux bus. Proche du métro ligne 9 (3 min à pieds) et de différentes lignes de bus (normales+noctilien), entre 1 et 5 min. Immeuble très calme
35322		Make your Parisian stay unforgettable in this luxuriously furnished classy 1 bedroom in one of Paris most bourgeois neighbourhood. Enjoy a glass of wine in your own private garden. 10 min walk to palais des congres, close to the Champs Elysées.
35323		Mon appartement se situe au cœur du petit centre ville de Suresnes , avec ses petits restaurants avec terrasse , le grand botanique et un macdo!  Intéressant pour sa proximité avec Neuilly sur Seine et Porte Maillot 5 min en voiture !
35324		50 m² au 3è étage. Logement refait à neuf en 2010, tout confort. Calme et spacieux. 3 pièces : 2 chambres avec lits 2 places, salle de bain et toilettes séparées, cuisine toute équipée avec lave-vaisselle, salon avec télévision, lave-linge. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Vous pouvez normalement nous contacter par téléphone à tout moment durant votre séjour. A mi-chemin entre les métro Porte d'Orléans et Mairie de Montrouge sur la ligne 4
35325		Bonjour, Je vous propose mon canapé lit dans le salon qui fait environ 15m2 Calme, avec ascenseur. Centre Commercial à proximité A 15 min à pied du parc de la Villette près de Paris. 5 min à pied du Métro hoche.
35326	Aménagé avec goût pour allier praticité et bien être. 	Un joli appartement de 70m2, calme et chaleureux qui vous permettra de profiter de Paris au maximum : métro, tram, vélib, autolib, bus et noctiliens. Deux charmants balcons pour des repas au soleil (barbecue électrique), 2 chambres avec 2 grands lits Aménagé avec goût pour allier praticité et bien être. Une cuisine équipée, deux balcons avec table et barbecue électrique, une salle de bain double vasque avec baignoire, des WC séparés, une chambre avec un lit double 160x200 et matelas/sommier neufs, un salon/salle à manger de 20m2 avec un canapé lit, type rapido d'une grande qualité de confort (Matelas SIMMONS OPTI'MAT épaisseur 14 cm, mousse polyuréthane HR densité 50 kg/m3). Nous vivons  dans l'appartement dans la deuxième chambre, en toute discrétion. Nous serons donc présents et pourrons échanger avec vous si vous le souhaitez. Nous pourrons donc vous conseiller sur votre séjour. A deux pas du site mytique de la Villette, notre quartier cosmopolite vous permettra de plonger directeme
35327		Chambre disponible du 15 juillet au 9 août .  Quartier calme, tout proche du métro Porte des Lilas et Porte de Bagnolet. Nous sommes deux jeunes travailleurs.
35328	Very pleasant, the apartment has a cosy living room, a functional galley kitchen, and a lovely shower room, including toilet. All plumbing, electricity, kitchen, and bathroom equipment are new : coffee machine, fridge, microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, etc. Towels and linens are provided, to make your stay as comfortable and easy as possible.	Spacious and bright room, in a cosy and tastefully decorated apartment  with the typical Parisian old properties charm : oak parket floor, high ceiling, moulding and fireplace. Close to the train station, you will be in Paris in 10 min. Very pleasant, the apartment has a cosy living room, a functional galley kitchen, and a lovely shower room, including toilet. All plumbing, electricity, kitchen, and bathroom equipment are new : coffee machine, fridge, microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, etc. Towels and linens are provided, to make your stay as comfortable and easy as possible. Of course, you will have access to the entire flat. The living room has a big and cheerful sofa. There is Internet, wifi, and a 102cm  flatscreen television, with more than 200 channels available.  You will enjoy cooking in the kitchen, where you will be able to also preserve and reheat your food and dishes. The Shower room typical from the Parisian old properties, is not big, but it is clean and very f
35329	It is a 45m2 apartment on the 2nd floor in a quiet 5 storey building . Its location is ideal for exploring the capital. At 2 steps from the subway shakes (line 5 ) and 3 ' walk from the puppet door. The apartment is 5 minutes walk from Parc de la Villette ( City of Science , zenith Philharmonic , City of Music ) . You will be 500 meters from the canal ourcq , ideal point for an unusual ride along the canals of Paris to Saint Martin Canal and the Place of the Republic, or a jogging :) 10 minutes from Gare du Nord Metro (Thalys and Eurostar) and Gare de l'Est . There is also a velib' Station near the apartment. 2 steps , local shops like a supermarket , 2 bakeries and restaurants.	The apartment has wooden floors and old fireplaces giving it a typical Parisian charm. It consists of two rooms: the living room (sofa bed for 2 people ) and the room which is accessed from the living room . It is a 45m2 apartment on the 2nd floor in a quiet 5 storey building . Its location is ideal for exploring the capital. At 2 steps from the subway shakes (line 5 ) and 3 ' walk from the puppet door. The apartment is 5 minutes walk from Parc de la Villette ( City of Science , zenith Philharmonic , City of Music ) . You will be 500 meters from the canal ourcq , ideal point for an unusual ride along the canals of Paris to Saint Martin Canal and the Place of the Republic, or a jogging :) 10 minutes from Gare du Nord Metro (Thalys and Eurostar) and Gare de l'Est . There is also a velib' Station near the apartment. 2 steps , local shops like a supermarket , 2 bakeries and restaurants. Wifi , washing machine, equipped kitchen , TV , nespresso Bed linen and bathroom provided However it is 
35330	Chambre agréable ensoleillée le matin sans vis-à-vis!	Appartement lumineux avec ascenseur, agencement optimal ou chaque pièce est indépendante, cuisine aménagée équipée. Deux colonnes d'enceintes pour les audiophiles souhaitant partager leur passion pour la musique!! Salon partagé! Chambre agréable ensoleillée le matin sans vis-à-vis! Vous aurez votre chambre et accès à la salle de bain,cuisine,salon et toilettes partagés. WIFI et ordinateur portable à votre disposition également. Un guide sera à votre disposition et je pourrai vous donner avec plaisir tous les bons plans pour manger, sortir, se promener..
35331		Nous vivons en colocation à 7. Durant l'été, nous serons pour la plupart absents. Vous rencontrerez peut-être d'autres hôtes. L'ambiance est conviviale. Toutes les pièces communes sont accessibles : salon,cuisine, les salles de bain, le jardin.
35332	L'appartement est constitué d'une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine américaine toute équipée. Il est composé de 2 chambres dont une de 8m² avec un BZ dépliable confortable que nous proposons à la location. Situé à 100m de Paris dans une rue calme à sens unique, l'appartement est très lumineux avec un petit plus : la possibilité de contempler un bout de notre cher Tour Eiffel. Nous sommes au 3e et dernier étage d'une petite copropriété très calme.  La situation géographique est idéale : proximité de Paris avec 2 lignes de métro (métro 9 Porte de Saint-Cloud à 8min et métro 10 Boulogne Jean Jaurès à 10min).  2 bus permettent également de rejoindre le cœur de Paris : la ligne 72 à 3min et la ligne 52 à 7min.	Appartement de deux chambres, entièrement refait à neuf. Situé dans une rue calme au 3e et dernier étage, il est situé à 100m de Paris et très bien desservi. L'appartement est constitué d'une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine américaine toute équipée. Il est composé de 2 chambres dont une de 8m² avec un BZ dépliable confortable que nous proposons à la location. Situé à 100m de Paris dans une rue calme à sens unique, l'appartement est très lumineux avec un petit plus : la possibilité de contempler un bout de notre cher Tour Eiffel. Nous sommes au 3e et dernier étage d'une petite copropriété très calme.  La situation géographique est idéale : proximité de Paris avec 2 lignes de métro (métro 9 Porte de Saint-Cloud à 8min et métro 10 Boulogne Jean Jaurès à 10min).  2 bus permettent également de rejoindre le cœur de Paris : la ligne 72 à 3min et la ligne 52 à 7min. Vous aurez accès à la chambre, à la salle de bain, au salon et à la cuisine. Parisiens depuis plus de 10 ans, nous pourrons vou
35333	les animaux ne sont pas autorisé. pas de soirée	Appartement 3 pièces proche métro porte de Clichy Paris 17 éme  typique haussmannien . Peut loger 2 personnes à 100 m de Paris 17 e . Bus direct Opéra  ; les halles . Profitez de sa cuisine équipée. Boulangeries, café . les animaux ne sont pas autorisé. pas de soirée
35334	Au sein d'un bel appartement de 60m² lumineux, propre et calme avec un décoration soignée. Je vous propose une chambre de 14m² pour une ou deux personnes composé d'un lit double de très bonne qualité, d'une armoire, d’un petit meuble ancien et d'une coiffeuse. L'appartement se trouve dans une résidence neuve,sécurisée avec un ascenseur dans un quartier artistique, familial et animé à tendance bobo. Vous bénéficiez de nombreux commerce de proximités au pied de l'immeuble ouverts 7j/7 ainsi que le métro ligne 7 qui desserre le Jardin du Luxembourg, Châtelet les halles, Opéra, Musée du Louvre, les Galeries la Fayette et la Villette (Cité des sciences). Le bus n°83 qui vous feras visiter les plus beaux lieux de Paris et vous déposera sur les Champs Elysées et la Tour Eiffel.	Au sein d'un bel appartement de 60m² lumineux, propre et calme avec un décoration soignée. Je vous propose une chambre de 14m² pour une ou deux personnes composé d'un lit double de très bonne qualité, d'une armoire, d’un petit meuble ancien et d'une coiffeuse. L'appartement se trouve dans une résidence neuve,sécurisée avec un ascenseur dans un quartier artistique, familial et animé à tendance bobo. Vous bénéficiez de nombreux commerce de proximités au pied de l'immeuble ouverts 7j/7 ainsi que le métro ligne 7 qui desserre le Jardin du Luxembourg, Châtelet les halles, Opéra, Musée du Louvre, les Galeries la Fayette et la Villette (Cité des sciences). Le bus n°83 qui vous feras visiter les plus beaux lieux de Paris et vous déposera sur les Champs Elysées et la Tour Eiffel. Vous aurez accès au salon pour prendre votre petit déjeuner ainsi qu'à la salle de bain. Les serviettes et produits d'hygiène seront fournis. Je serai ravie de vous accueillir, ainsi que vous conseillez pour pouvoir vo
35335	possibilité de jouer de la musique ! + grande terrasse avec canapé pour prendre l'air ! 	design, couch in the big terrasse, perfect for 1 or 2 persons, transports => tramway, bus, metro lines 5 and 7, velib, noctiliens, RER E. the neighborhood : parc de la Villette, Cité de la science, Canal de l'ourcq, Zenith, Orchestre Philharmonique
35336	Maison historique rare à porte de Clichy sur 4 niveaux. Elle est située dans une impasse sécurisée, arborée et fleurie.  Elle comprend une jolie cour intérieur privatisée. Au RDC,  une cuisine en longueur, un salon et sa cheminée. Au premier étage, une chambre avec un lit de 120. Une autre chambre avec un lit de 140. Une salle de bain avec douche et toilette privatisés pour vous. Au sous sol, une autre salle de bain  avec baignoire situé à côté de la cave (particularité de la maison). Rare historic home in Porte de Clichy on 4 levels. It is located in a secure impasse, trees and flowers. It has a pretty courtyard privatized. On the ground floor, a kitchen in length, a lounge and fireplace. Upstairs, a room with a bed of 120. Another bedroom with a bed of 140. A bathroom with shower and toilet privatized for you. In the basement, another bathroom with tub next to the cellar (special feature of the house).	Maison atypique de 80 m2 sur 4 niveaux qui vous attend aux portes de Paris. Située dans une impasse privatisée et sécurisée.  A 5 min à pied de Paris. Parking gratuit. 2 chambres avec de très bonnes literies. Atypical house 80 m2 on 4 levels awaits Maison historique rare à porte de Clichy sur 4 niveaux. Elle est située dans une impasse sécurisée, arborée et fleurie.  Elle comprend une jolie cour intérieur privatisée. Au RDC,  une cuisine en longueur, un salon et sa cheminée. Au premier étage, une chambre avec un lit de 120. Une autre chambre avec un lit de 140. Une salle de bain avec douche et toilette privatisés pour vous. Au sous sol, une autre salle de bain  avec baignoire situé à côté de la cave (particularité de la maison). Rare historic home in Porte de Clichy on 4 levels. It is located in a secure impasse, trees and flowers. It has a pretty courtyard privatized. On the ground floor, a kitchen in length, a lounge and fireplace. Upstairs, a room with a bed of 120. Another bedroom 
35337	The apartment is bright, sunny, situated in a quiet 1900 historial building at 2 min from the metro Hoche. The neighborhood has all facilities (supermarket, restaurant, pharmacy, bank) and is close by parc de la Villette and its canal. The apartment has three large bedrooms, one for each roomate, which both have large windows. The common areas includes a full equiped kitchen, toilets and a  bathroom. Your bedroom can be furnished or not depending of you, and is ideal for a student spending his semester or year in Paris.	The room (14m2) is available in a large flat (80m2) situated on the first floor of a building situated at two min of metro hoche. The apartment is occupied by two students willing to find a new (ideally international) roomate for few month or more. The apartment is bright, sunny, situated in a quiet 1900 historial building at 2 min from the metro Hoche. The neighborhood has all facilities (supermarket, restaurant, pharmacy, bank) and is close by parc de la Villette and its canal. The apartment has three large bedrooms, one for each roomate, which both have large windows. The common areas includes a full equiped kitchen, toilets and a  bathroom. Your bedroom can be furnished or not depending of you, and is ideal for a student spending his semester or year in Paris. As I've been living in Paris for almost 10 years I am at your entire disposition if you need advices about what to visit, where to go... I am completly willing to share my favorites places -bar, restaurants- is necessary to m
35338	This quiet and bright flat has everything you need to spend an excellent stay! Very close to Paris, it will be easy for you to take the metro 7 or tramway. The double bedroom has a very comfortable queen-size bed. There is also a TV, a desk and a mirror. The separate kitchen has everything you need to cook:  toaster, expresso coffeemaker, microwave oven, oven, vitro-ceramic, kettle. You could eat in the kitchen, as there is a little table in. The flat can host 4 people when I am not there.  The bed-couch , which is very convenient for two persons, has a bultex matress.	My flat have a queen-size bedroom with TV and one double bed-couch in the living room! It will be easy for you to go to Paris (5mn from China town) and take the Metro or tramway. There is a washing machine, a coffeemaker, a toaster, a microwave, oven This quiet and bright flat has everything you need to spend an excellent stay! Very close to Paris, it will be easy for you to take the metro 7 or tramway. The double bedroom has a very comfortable queen-size bed. There is also a TV, a desk and a mirror. The separate kitchen has everything you need to cook:  toaster, expresso coffeemaker, microwave oven, oven, vitro-ceramic, kettle. You could eat in the kitchen, as there is a little table in. The flat can host 4 people when I am not there.  The bed-couch , which is very convenient for two persons, has a bultex matress. If you have the entire flat (it supposes that I am not here) you will have access to my entire flat (55 euros per night), excepted my personal effects... :-) If you only ren
35339	Beautiful private room in a typical parian Hausmannian style architecture building.	Apartment is right next to the Canal d'Ourcq and 1O min to the center. Everything you need is there and its well connected, 2min walk to Metro 5, Tram and RER Train. The room is about 14 m2 big, very illuminated with a small typical Parisian balcony. Beautiful private room in a typical parian Hausmannian style architecture building. Access to bathroom, kitchen, open living room/space The landlord is living in the apartment Supermarket, Shopping Center just 5 min walk away Metro line 5, Tramway 3b and RER E Pantin
35340	Il est à la fois bien situé,  tout en étant dans un esprit sain de verdure et de sports pour ceux qui souhaitent faire un tennis, ou bien courir avant de débuter leur journée.   Les rues qui entourent mon appartement sont belles, immeubles haussmaniens, l'Arc de Triomphe sera très souvent dans votre perspective...	Porte Maillot - Paris 17eme -Ternes Adorable Appartement bourgeois dans Quartier résidentiel.   Paris, oui mais Privilégié ! Champs Elysées, Arc de  Tout sera joli où vous poserez vos yeux.. La Résidence, la rue, l'appartement ! Explorez le tout Paris en résidant dans un endroit chic et  calme... Il est à la fois bien situé,  tout en étant dans un esprit sain de verdure et de sports pour ceux qui souhaitent faire un tennis, ou bien courir avant de débuter leur journée.   Les rues qui entourent mon appartement sont belles, immeubles haussmaniens, l'Arc de Triomphe sera très souvent dans votre perspective... Quartier très sécurisé Je serai joignable en permanence par téléphone/sms/mail Je ne serai pas présente durant le séjour de mes locataires Je remettrai les clés moi - même ou bien ma meilleure amie qui réside à 10 minutes de l'appartement.  Mon plaisir sera que les locataires soient le plus heureux possible. AVENUE FOCH, ARC DE TRIOMPHE,  CHAMPS ELYSÉES,  PARC MONCEAU, BOIS DE BOULOG
35341	Ce cozy studio au rez de chaussé avec son jardin privatif est situé dans un quartier résidentiel très agréable à vivre au pied de la station les Coteaux, tram 2. Un accès rapide permet de rejoindre le centre de Paris en moins de 20 minutes.	Cozy studio aux portes de Paris. Le studio possède une agréable mezzanine avec son coin télévision. Il est entièrement équipés afin que vous vous sentiez comme à la maison. Ce cozy studio au rez de chaussé avec son jardin privatif est situé dans un quartier résidentiel très agréable à vivre au pied de la station les Coteaux, tram 2. Un accès rapide permet de rejoindre le centre de Paris en moins de 20 minutes. Les locataires seront accueillis en personne,  Les draps et serviettes sont fournis lors de votre séjour Le quartier est résidentiel agréable, calme et verdoyant ( Bois de Boulogne, Parc de Saint Cloud) Une station vélib à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Des commerces se trouvent dans la rue ( Franprix, boulangerie, pharmacie, restaurant, bar, pizzeria, banque). Tramway 2 arrêt les Coteaux La Défense se trouve à moins de 10 minutes ainsi que la ligne 9 et 10 qui permet de rejoindre le coeur de Paris
35342	"I offer this charming studio in the heart of the 16th arrondissement of Paris.  Residence quiet and very pleasant standing.  The apartment and the furniture has been fully renovated in 2013. The apartment has:   - Sofa bed upmarket for everyday sleeping very comfortable.  - Fully equipped kitchen (oven, ceramic glass hob, dinner).  - Microwave.  - Dishwasher.  - Bathroom with walk-in shower. - Bath towels.  - Dry towels. - Bed linens - Washing machine.  - Wardrobe entirely at your disposal.  - Wifi internet access  - TV with over 180 channels. - Telephone line with free calls to 108 countries* (* list available on request) - Electric stor If you have questions or other inquiries please do not hesitate to contact me. Enjoy a lifestyle with its typical Parisian ""brasseries"" and a farmer's market 3 times a week.  In the greenest district of Paris, go to ""Roland Garros"" for the worshipers of tennis, Hippodrome de Longchamp for racing enthusiasts, and the ""Bois de Boulogne"", ideal for sport"	"Idéale pour escapade Parisienne I offer this charming studio in the heart of the 16th arrondissement of Paris.  Residence quiet and very pleasant standing.  The apartment and the furniture has been fully renovated in 2013. The apartment has:   - Sofa bed upmarket for everyday sleeping very comfortable.  - Fully equipped kitchen (oven, ceramic glass hob, dinner).  - Microwave.  - Dishwasher.  - Bathroom with walk-in shower. - Bath towels.  - Dry towels. - Bed linens - Washing machine.  - Wardrobe entirely at your disposal.  - Wifi internet access  - TV with over 180 channels. - Telephone line with free calls to 108 countries* (* list available on request) - Electric stor If you have questions or other inquiries please do not hesitate to contact me. Enjoy a lifestyle with its typical Parisian ""brasseries"" and a farmer's market 3 times a week.  In the greenest district of Paris, go to ""Roland Garros"" for the worshipers of tennis, Hippodrome de Longchamp for racing enthusiasts, and the ""Bo"
35343		Nous proposons une chambre au sein d'une maison spacieuse et très agréable, avec jardin. La maison se situe dans la Villa du Pré : une ruelle bordée de jolies maison qui s'apparente à un village sympathique. Nos colocs le sont aussi !
35344	Véritable maison de vacances aux portes de Paris.  Son aspect extérieur avec la terrasse et le jardin rempli de plantes grimpantes, crée une véritable coupure avec la ville. A seulement 15 minutes du centre de Paris,  repos et tranquillité garantie après les denses journée de visites parisiennes.	Jolie chambre calme et claire dans une maison de 110m2 avec accès direct à la terrasse et jardin. Salle de bain et toilettes privatifs. Pas de chambre mitoyenne,  250m commerces, 300m métro, 300m du Parc de La Villette. Véritable maison de vacances aux portes de Paris.  Son aspect extérieur avec la terrasse et le jardin rempli de plantes grimpantes, crée une véritable coupure avec la ville. A seulement 15 minutes du centre de Paris,  repos et tranquillité garantie après les denses journée de visites parisiennes. Chambre accessible en passant par le salon et la cuisine. Accès à la la terrasse et au jardin.  Documentation à disposition: plan de la ville, brochures des musées, restaurants, etc..  Très conviviale et communicative de nature, c'est toujours un plaisir d'échanger avec les gens et de leur indiquer les bons plans. L'esprit du quartier est comme celui d'un village, tout le monde se connait, les commerces sont à proximité, Monoprix à 150m, le marché  a lieu 3 fois par semaines. Q
35345		Appartement calme, très spacieux et fonctionnel, un vrai havre de paix à Porte de Clichy (Paris 17e). A 15 minutes des Champs Elysées. Il y a 2 salles de bain 2 toilettes 3 chambres une grande cuisine et une grande salle à manger Un lit de bébé en +. Disponible et joignable facilement pour conseils et aides
35346		1 Chambre à louer dans un appartement de 60m2 tout équipé pour Juillet et/ou Aout.  700€/mois toutes charges comprises par chambre (tv, internet, électricité)  A 5 min à pied du métro ligne 3 arrêt Louise Michel.
35347	The apartment is about 40 m² and includes a bedroom ( 2 in fact ), a living room, a bathroom, toilet, kitchen The living room (16 m2) is divided into two parts: one part is a bedroom - it's the one I rent; I lived there for 4 years, it's very nice and past guests were very happy. There is a comfortable bed , a desk, and plenty of storage. This is ideal for a student or a person in need of a foothold. The other part is a common space and allows access to the kitchen. There is a large curtain lined with a large white library that make the separation. The apartment is clean, bright and quiet (giving in a court + double glazing), is carpeted or painted white, there is a tiled floor (bathroom, kitchen, toilet) and linoleum for the rest. This is not luxury, but that's okay.  This is a large house on one floor, divided into apartments. It is non smoking.	The apartment is about 40 m² and includes a bedroom ( 2 in fact ), a living room, a bathroom, toilet, kitchen The living room (16 m2) is divided into two parts: one part is a bedroom - it's the one I rent; I lived there for 4 years, it's very nice and past guests were very happy. There is a comfortable bed , a desk, and plenty of storage. This is ideal for a student or a person in need of a foothold. The other part is a common space and allows access to the kitchen. There is a large curtain lined with a large white library that make the separation. The apartment is clean, bright and quiet (giving in a court + double glazing), is carpeted or painted white, there is a tiled floor (bathroom, kitchen, toilet) and linoleum for the rest. This is not luxury, but that's okay.  This is a large house on one floor, divided into apartments. It is non smoking. You have access to all the apartment , except in the 2nd bedroom I tell you , if you wish , good and beautiful places , I show you with the 
35348		Cet appartement se trouve au plein cœur de Boulogne Billancourt et à 15 min en métro du centre de Paris et situé à l’arrêt Porte de Saint-Cloud sur la ligne 9.  C'est un appartement agréable et avec un voisinage calme.
35349	I propose to rent a room on the 2nd and last floor of my house for the summer. the room is very clear, quiet, and equipped with TV and an indoor bike. it has its own private bathroom, including a little fridge so you can keep your own food. I could add a micro wave if you want total independance ! other wise you would have access to our kitchen of course. I have 3 children (6,15 and 17) but the two adolescent will rarely be here this summer. from August 7 to 23rd, the house will be all yours as we will be away. the neighbourhood is very nice, 3 mn from the seine river and bois de boulogne. Grocery stores, pharmacy, bakery, restaurants and 2 fresh food markets are a few steps away. Buses and tramway will take you inside Paris in 15/20 mn (43 & 93 direct to invalides, opera, gare du nord? 144 direct to La Defense). 	I propose to rent a fully equipped room (private shower, cable tv, internet wifi, and possibility to put a little fridge & microwave to be completely inderpendant)  in my house situated by the seine river, in a quiet, residential areas. I propose to rent a room on the 2nd and last floor of my house for the summer. the room is very clear, quiet, and equipped with TV and an indoor bike. it has its own private bathroom, including a little fridge so you can keep your own food. I could add a micro wave if you want total independance ! other wise you would have access to our kitchen of course. I have 3 children (6,15 and 17) but the two adolescent will rarely be here this summer. from August 7 to 23rd, the house will be all yours as we will be away. the neighbourhood is very nice, 3 mn from the seine river and bois de boulogne. Grocery stores, pharmacy, bakery, restaurants and 2 fresh food markets are a few steps away. Buses and tramway will take you inside Paris in 15/20 mn (43 & 93 direct 
35350	Contemporary design room with loft style bed equipped with Sofitel mattress topper. Office work space with free high speed internet access. Individual spacious hanging and drawer spaces to store clothes.	Stay in one of the most exclusive areas close to Frank Gehry's new Louis Vuitton Fondation with stunning views of the Eiffel Tower as well as the skyline of the French financial district. Beautiful Hausmann style building with contemporary design. Contemporary design room with loft style bed equipped with Sofitel mattress topper. Office work space with free high speed internet access. Individual spacious hanging and drawer spaces to store clothes. Room stay includes access to state of the art appliances including washing and dryer machines. Various tips and insider recommendations on food, arts, culture and Parisian night live. Complete with a free personalized travel book/journal indicating all Parisian hot spots for your first stay to enjoy and document your journey. Neuilly is one of the nicest, most exclusive residential areas and neighborhoods in Paris. The apartment is within walking distance to the beautiful Bois de Boulogne park and the new Louis Vuitton Foundation, as well as 
35351	C'est une grande maison, avec des personnes chouettes qui vivent leur vie tout en partageant des bons moments ensemble ( discussion, musique, conneries, film,….)	Ivry sur seine, ville près de Paris en bus, a metro, a velo, a pied. Dans une petite ruelle bien chouette avec des voisins sympas. La maison: un potager, un jardin et ses cerises et des gens chouettes, de divers cultures, d'origines et d'envies! C'est une grande maison, avec des personnes chouettes qui vivent leur vie tout en partageant des bons moments ensemble ( discussion, musique, conneries, film,….) La chambre du haut qui donne cote rue. Possibilité de fermée la chambre a clés si besoin, plus les clés de la maison. on partage la salle de bains a 4 filles donc c'est propre! je me debrouillerai pour être présente a votre arrivée et votre départ, mais sinon mes colocataires sont disponibles pour vous. ville limitrophe de paris accessible en voiture, vélo, bus, métro et rer. On a pas encore réussi a inventer les ailes pour humains mais ça ne saurait tarder….  Quartier très chouettes des petits bars pas loin pour se désaltérer , un supermarché ouvert tous les jours Possibilites de se g
35352	Privat room with double bed. Possibility to add a small mat on the floor.	Privat room in a light, quiet and colourful appartment. Last floor in a typical parisien building.  Very closed to the subway station, line 5. Privat room with double bed. Possibility to add a small mat on the floor. Kitchen is not available, except for breakfast ( I will provide you basics ) and all day long if you want to make yourself a coffee or a tea. You can also use micro-wave to heat your food during the day. You can enjoy all the flat although you might have some music in the air during the day ( I'm a musician ) I should be here during your stay. Living in Paris for more than 20 years now, I'll be happy to help you and give you some tips and advices. I speak french and english Popular but safe area just outside Paris.  10 minutes walk to Cité de la Musique, Philharmonie and Parc de la Villette. 5 minutes to Canal de l'ourcq 15 minutes from Gare de l'Est or Gare du Nord Very closed to the subway station, Hoche, line 5 I can also lend you my old crapy bike
35353	We have a big terrace where you can take your breakfast on the morning with the sun but also making BBQ for the dinner with intimacy  and tranquility.	Homey room at 5 minutes away from the nearest metro station, and 20 minutes away from the central station Chatelet (that connects to anywhere in Paris).
35354		Chambre calme, vue sur cour intérieure. Appartement charmant, bel pièce à vivre. Bright and quiet room, view in inner courtyard.  Charming apartment with an American kitchen + in bonus, a terrace to appreciate lunches in the sun. 10 min from RER B Le logement est tout proche du RER B, à 10 min de la station Gentilly et 15 min de la station Cité Universitaire. Stations vélib à moins de 5 minutes.
35355		Colocation de 4 jeunes actifs aux portes de Paris. Maison disposant de 4 chambres avec salle de bain, deux cuisines, une grand séjour et une terrasse de 40 m². La rue est très calme. Situé à 10 min à pied du métro ligne 13 et 5 min du RER C.
35356	Bien situé, propre , calme , moderne Bus, Métro, Tramway  Oui Quartier est très calme et très bien sécurisé. Une ambiance agréable.  Tramway, Bus, Métro	Une grande pièce de 25 avec petit balcon, vu sur la Tour Eiffel  Cuisine, Salle de bain équipées.À proximité de La Défense . Proche du bus, Tramway, Métro. Big room of 25m2 with a little balcon from where you can see the Eiffel tower. close bus train Bien situé, propre , calme , moderne Bus, Métro, Tramway  Oui Quartier est très calme et très bien sécurisé. Une ambiance agréable.  Tramway, Bus, Métro Bus, Métro, Tramway Oui Quartier est très calme et très bien sécurisé. Une ambiance agréable. Tramway, Bus, Métro
35357		Appartement très calme en fond de cour, voisins sympa! Proche tous commerces en face du parc Lucie Aubrac. Quartier jeune, bars sympa, peu de circulation. Jeune papa, j'ai la possibilité de loger jusque 2 personnes avec même un enfant en bas age! Quartier cosmopolite, on dit souvent des Lilas que c'est le 21 ème arrondissement! Marché sympa les mercredi et dimanche matin, marché bio le vendredi. Metro Ligne 11 - Mairie des Lilas. Ligne 3 Bis à porte des Lilas. Tramway 3B. Bus 61, 48, 96. Station Vélib et Autolib à 2 pas.
35358	Très calme, parfaitement situé. Idéal pour un week end à Paris. Idéal pour jeune couple	Appartement 2 pièces, grand séjour, chambre avec TV. Cuisine équipée d'appareils ménagés dont machine Nespresso. Appartement quartier des ternes Paris 17, proche Arc de Triomphe, palais des congrès, espace salon Champerret et centre de Paris à 10 mins en métro ou bus (ligne 1ou 3). Femme de ménage Très calme, parfaitement situé. Idéal pour un week end à Paris. Idéal pour jeune couple Accessible par la ligne 1et ligne 3 du métro ou le RER C Oui, pour les accueillir. Métro 1 Porte Maillot  Métro 3 Porte de Champeret RER C Porte Maillot Neuilly 
35359		L'appartement fait 40m2 et dispose d'une chambre d'un séjour/cuisine ouverte avec bar et d'une salle de bain/wc.
35360	La chambre est composée d'un lit double, d'un grand placard mural, d'un bureau, d'une étagère et d'une commode.  Elle donne sur une rue à sens unique.  L'appartement est composé d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine avec lave vaisselle, de deux salles de bain, d'une buanderie avec lave-linge, pièces et équipements dont vous pouvez bien sûr user à loisir. Je vis avec trois colocataires, qui seront vraisemblablement absentes  pendant cette période.  	Chambre avec parquet dans un grand appartement de 100 mètres carrés tout équipé avec jardin privatif de 60 mètres carrés. La chambre est composée d'un lit double, d'un grand placard mural, d'un bureau, d'une étagère et d'une commode.  Elle donne sur une rue à sens unique.  L'appartement est composé d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine avec lave vaisselle, de deux salles de bain, d'une buanderie avec lave-linge, pièces et équipements dont vous pouvez bien sûr user à loisir. Je vis avec trois colocataires, qui seront vraisemblablement absentes  pendant cette période. En plus de la chambre, toutes les pièces communes et ce qui les compose sont à votre disposition.  Il y a également à votre disposition une place de parking en souterrain dont l'accès se fait par la rue adjacente. Je serai absente pendant les trois semaines de Juillet pour le travail mais néanmoins joignable à tout moment.  Je vous accueillerai à votre arrivée et serai là également pour votre départ. Situé juste à côté des puces 
35361	L'appartement est composé de 2 chambres avec chacune sa salle de bain, un salon/salle à manger (la table à manger ne figure pas sur les photos) et une cuisine toute équipée y compris lave linge.	Chambre de 10m² (sur cour, calme, lit 2 places) avec salle de bain privative (douche, toilettes et lavabo) libre dans un appartement de 65m² à partager avec moi et un chat ! Séjour d'une semaine ou plus (WE compris) ou dans la semaine. L'appartement est composé de 2 chambres avec chacune sa salle de bain, un salon/salle à manger (la table à manger ne figure pas sur les photos) et une cuisine toute équipée y compris lave linge. En semaine, arrivée et départ avant 8h30 ou après 17h. Pendant le séjour, pas de restriction d'horaire d'accès au logement. Quartier populaire et familiale, tous commerces y compris grandes surfaces type intermarché et petits commerçants (boucher, boulangerie...). La poste et une station vélib en face de l'appartement. Le parc de la villette est à 15min de l'appartement en longeant les quais. Bien desservi par le M7 à moins de 5min et le RER E à moins de 10min (pratique pour se rendre à Gare du Nord ou St Lazare en 15 et 20 min respectivement). Possibilité de se 
35362		Cet appartement se trouve au plein cœur de Boulogne Billancourt et à 15 min en métro du centre de Paris et situé à l’arrêt Porte de Saint-Cloud sur la ligne 9. C'est un appartement agréable et avec un voisinage calme.
35363	Accès au salon, au salon TV et piano, à la buanderie, à la cuisine et à ses nombreux équipements. 	Chambre de 14 m2 dans un appartement typiquement parisien de 175 m2. A 1 mn à pied de la station de métro Louise Michel (ligne 3), à 15/20 mn en métro de Saint-Lazare et de l'Opéra Garnier. Idéale pour une personne. Nombreux commerces à proximité. Accès au salon, au salon TV et piano, à la buanderie, à la cuisine et à ses nombreux équipements. Station de métro Louise Michel (ligne 3) à 1 mn à pied.  Bus à proximité : le 93, le 53, le 174, le 163 et le 164. Bus à 5 mn à pied Porte de Champerret : le 92, le PC1 et le PC3.
35364		Apparemment calme peux accueillir 2 personnes après une visite mouvementée de Paris dormais dans le confort et le calme 30min Gare de Lyon Bastille 45min Champs de mars à bientôt
35365		Little parisian flat, 35m2, next to the subway (150 meters), it's easy to go to Paris ! All you need is here : TV, internet, washing machine, full kitchen (oven, dish washer) and a bathroom with a bathtub.
35366		Chambre dans un appartement de 80 m2 à 5 minutes à pied du Bois de Boulogne et un quart d'heure des Champs Elysées dans le très chic quartier de Bagatelle à NEUILLY SUR SEINE, calme et verdoyant. Tres bien desservie,bus 43 et 93 metro ligne 1.
35367		5 min walk to metro Porte d'orleans  Bus station right there Supermarket , restaurant pool all around Quiet, safe , rich resident area double bed in the room with dinning table. Fully equipment kitchen/wifi/washing machine/ bathroom/ toilet
35368		Un logement de trois pièces, confortable, équipé, avec une chambre enfant (lit une place), une chambre adulte, un salon avec balcon. A quelques minutes de Paris et du métro (l. 7) Une place de parking est disponible avec la location.
35369		1 Chambre à louer dans un appartement de 60m2 tout équipé pour Juillet et/ou Aout. 700€/mois toutes charges comprises par chambre (tv, internet, électricité) A 5 min à pied du métro ligne 3 arrêt Louise Michel.
35370		This apartment is convenient location. You can go To champs elysees in 20 minutes or Opera in 15 minutes.
35371	Appartement calme	Appartement situé à Suresnes, commune limitrophe de paris. Très bien desservi par les transports. Appartement calme salon Quartier calme Tramway ou train à 15 minutes à pied Note: un perroquet comme compagnie ;)
35372		Charmante pièce. A proximité du centre commercial So Ouest, d'un cinéma Pathé,de la gare Saint Lazare (10 minutes), des Champs Elysée (15 minutes) et d'opéra (20 minutes) ... Cuisine tout équipée.
35373		Bel appartement, grand salon lumineux et spacieux, une chambre (lit double). Une salle de bain privée. Grande terrasse. Parking.         Métro Hoche à 15minutes de République, et 5minutes du parc de la Villette. A noter : appartement à partager avec jeunes artistes. (Chambre qui donne sur salon.) 1 salle de bain privée. Salon. Cuisine. Terrasse. Parking. Ligne 5 (Métro Hoche). RER E (Pantin).
35374	Young couple working in film and photography, we offer a room for one or two people in our apartment.	Young couple working in film and photography, we offer a room for one or two people in our apartment. with the room you can enjoy the living room, kitchen and bathroom. We can you recommend some good plans in Paris according to your desires! Located 400m from Paris, accommodation is ideal for a stay close to the capital. The apartment is south facing so very bright, beautiful sunsets. Building in a leafy residence. The neighborhood is very friendly. You can hear the cock of a nearby chicken coop, if you listen carefully sure you go for a walk in Lilac market (at the Metro Mairie des Lilas) to find vegetables and organic market. The nearest Trade (Franprix) is located 6min walk, near the City of Bagnolet. At 20 minutes from the center of Paris (Châtelet Les Halles) Metro. Public transportation available: The T3 tram: Adrienne Bolland (700m) Metro 11 Porte des Lilas (1.1km) or Mairie des Lilas (900m) 3a The metro: Saint Fargeau (1.1km) Metro 3: Gallieni (1km)
35375	Grande maison avec un grand jardin, un salon, une cuisine très bien aménagée, quatre chambres et trois salles de bain.	Proche de Paris mais les pieds dans l’herbe! Chambre au sein d'une maison spacieuse et très agréable, avec jardin. La maison se situe dans la Villa du Pré : une ruelle bordée de jolies maison qui s'apparente à un village sympathique. Grande maison avec un grand jardin, un salon, une cuisine très bien aménagée, quatre chambres et trois salles de bain. La chambre est privée. La salle de bain, la cuisine, le salon et le jardin sont des espaces collectifs. Les autres habitants de la maison (4 personnes) seront présents pendant votre séjour. Nous seront là pour vous accueillir et vous expliquer le fonctionnement de la maison, et évidemment pour répondre à vos questions! Ambiance villageoise, très boisée et calme. Les pavillons, pour la plupart du XIXeme siècle, qui jouxtent la maison donnent au quartier un caractère à la fois romanesque et paisible. Accès à Paris centre en 30min, direct châtelet, ou gare du Nord. La maison est à égale distance de la ligne 5 et 11, ce qui permet un accès dir
35376	La pièce de vie, la chambre, la salle de bain et la cuisine sont au rez-de-chaussé ce qui fait environ 60m2 de dispo pour le/les voyageur(s). Les chambres des colocs et leur salle de bain sont à l'étage.  Ma chambre dispose aussi d'un sous-sol aménagé en chambre qui est aussi disponible pour dormir au frais en cas de canicule (c'est quelque-fois vraiment pratique). La chambre principale est simple, propre, avec un grand lit, un bureau et une porte fenêtre.	Chambre avec lit 2 places + salle de bain dans une grande maison chaleureuse habitée par 4 étudiants qui ont leur propre salle de bain, maison lumineuse dans cour très calme, à 1min du métro Hoche (ligne 5) 5min du parc de la Vilette La pièce de vie, la chambre, la salle de bain et la cuisine sont au rez-de-chaussé ce qui fait environ 60m2 de dispo pour le/les voyageur(s). Les chambres des colocs et leur salle de bain sont à l'étage.  Ma chambre dispose aussi d'un sous-sol aménagé en chambre qui est aussi disponible pour dormir au frais en cas de canicule (c'est quelque-fois vraiment pratique). La chambre principale est simple, propre, avec un grand lit, un bureau et une porte fenêtre. Métro Hoche, prendre sortie Charles Nodier et c'est tout droit. Je pars le 27 juillet mais un des colocs sera présent la plupart du temps mais très discret et souvent en train de travailler dans sa chambre. quartier calme avec franprix, leclerc et petits commerces à proximité. à 1min du métro Hoche (lign
35377	Le logement est grand et très agréable, notamment en été (il est au rez-de-chaussée et nous disposons d'un jardin privatif). Nous disposons de quatre chambres. Il y a aura plus ou moins de monde à l'appartement, selon les départs en vacances, mais vous disposerez d'une chambre privée. 	Je vous propose d'occuper une chambre dans une colocation de 4 personnes. Il y a dans l'appartement deux salles de bain (dont une juste à côté de votre chambre), vous partagerez la cuisine (toute équipée) et le salon. Il y a aussi un jardin ! Le logement est grand et très agréable, notamment en été (il est au rez-de-chaussée et nous disposons d'un jardin privatif). Nous disposons de quatre chambres. Il y a aura plus ou moins de monde à l'appartement, selon les départs en vacances, mais vous disposerez d'une chambre privée. Accès à la chambre, au salon, à la cuisine, au jardin et à une salle de bain. Le quartier est plutôt sympa : les puces de Montreuil les samedi, dimanche et lundi. On est tout près de la rue de Paris, avec ses commerces etc, à 15 minutes à pied de croix de chavaux avec ciné, piscine, bars, salles de concert.. Nous sommes également très proche du 20ème arrondissement de Paris. Métro Robespierre ou Porte de Montreuil (ligne 9). A 10 minutes de Nation, 15 minutes de Répu
35378	Chambre avec lit double dans un charmant 2 pièces, lumineux, cosy, confortable et tout équipé.  Métro Marcel Sambat et Porte de Saint-Cloud L'appartement est situé à Boulogne Billancourt, limite 16eme arrondissement de Paris, entre Marcel Sambat et la Porte de Saint cloud -La tour Eiffel (Trocadero) à 15mn. -Les Champs Élysées à 20 mn.  -Opera à 20 mn. -Le parc des Princes à 7mn à pied. L'appartement est composé d’un agréable séjour très illuminé avec balcon ensoleillé, d'une cuisine bien équipée, d'une chambre qui donne sur jardin et d’une salle de bain avec toilettes séparées. ( 3ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble calme). Tous les commerces de proximité à 5 minutes à pieds (Boulangerie/pâtisserie, Franprix, Carrefour City, G20...)  Dans un quartier calme, à 7 minutes du métro Marcel Sembat (ligne 9), non loin du boulevard Jean Jaurès où tu trouve tout type de commerce:  supermarché, boulangerie, fast food, restaurant, café, tabac, lieu de shopping, cinéma, marché... à 12 minut	Chambre avec lit double dans un charmant 2 pièces, lumineux, cosy, confortable et tout équipé.  Métro Marcel Sambat et Porte de Saint-Cloud Chambre avec lit double dans un charmant 2 pièces, lumineux, cosy, confortable et tout équipé.  Métro Marcel Sambat et Porte de Saint-Cloud L'appartement est situé à Boulogne Billancourt, limite 16eme arrondissement de Paris, entre Marcel Sambat et la Porte de Saint cloud -La tour Eiffel (Trocadero) à 15mn. -Les Champs Élysées à 20 mn.  -Opera à 20 mn. -Le parc des Princes à 7mn à pied. L'appartement est composé d’un agréable séjour très illuminé avec balcon ensoleillé, d'une cuisine bien équipée, d'une chambre qui donne sur jardin et d’une salle de bain avec toilettes séparées. ( 3ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble calme). Tous les commerces de proximité à 5 minutes à pieds (Boulangerie/pâtisserie, Franprix, Carrefour City, G20...)  Dans un quartier calme, à 7 minutes du métro Marcel Sembat (ligne 9), non loin du boulevard Jean Jaurès où tu
35379	The courtyard really makes a difference, it can be such a good feeling to enjoy a drink in the sun surrounded by the garden and its flowers, this atmosphere is priceless!	Located just outside Paris in a peaceful, friendly neighbourhood, 5 minute walk to the metro taking you to central Paris within 15 minutes. You can admire the garden while chilling out in the courtyard. Bakery, supermarket and shops within 2 minutes. The courtyard really makes a difference, it can be such a good feeling to enjoy a drink in the sun surrounded by the garden and its flowers, this atmosphere is priceless! Whenever you need something or help you can contact us, we live right at the end of the garden. The neighbourhood is calm and quiet, it is a good feeling to come back home after visiting Paris. Many ways of transport are available, here's a list of them and the time to walk to those : -Tramway : 8 minutes  -Buses : 1 minute -Metro : 5 minutes -RER : 10 minutes -Vélib at the end of our street (1 minute) (bycicle rental, many stations all across Paris and Ivry where we live). All of these transports are very useful and convenient, once you get here we will give you more det
35380	"THE FLAT One sunny bedroom  One living Room  One bathroom All linens are provided. All amenities (clothes washer, free cable internet, shared fridge, microwave, etc.) as well as necessary stuff for cooking (salt, sugar,coffee, marmelade ...) COMODITIES AND LOCAL INTEREST A wonderful bakery : Le ptit pere...the best croissant in whole Paris..just at the end of the street. Supermarkets : Monoprix (the finest), Dia (cheap) , Leader Price (Medium price) Street market on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. A good place to buy fresh fruit, vegetables as well as french original cheeeeeese The flat is located in a flowery and cute""village"" close to Paris and close to canal de l'ourcq, national dance centre, and parc de la villette.   ***The Parc de la villette*** is a cultural and musical place. You have an huge parc where you can organize a pic-nic, have a drink or have fun during a summer concert, or seeing a movie. ***National dance centre*** is the right place for dancer and chorepraph who wan"	"A really sunny, romantic, spacious, and quiet flat in a green and flowery property. Located in the backward no noise will disturb you except....sometime for the luckiest the crowing of the neighbor's chicken ;-)  Countryside vibe ... THE FLAT One sunny bedroom  One living Room  One bathroom All linens are provided. All amenities (clothes washer, free cable internet, shared fridge, microwave, etc.) as well as necessary stuff for cooking (salt, sugar,coffee, marmelade ...) COMODITIES AND LOCAL INTEREST A wonderful bakery : Le ptit pere...the best croissant in whole Paris..just at the end of the street. Supermarkets : Monoprix (the finest), Dia (cheap) , Leader Price (Medium price) Street market on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. A good place to buy fresh fruit, vegetables as well as french original cheeeeeese The flat is located in a flowery and cute""village"" close to Paris and close to canal de l'ourcq, national dance centre, and parc de la villette.   ***The Parc de la villette*** is a"
35381	A beautiful room of 17 m2 in the appartement of 66 m2, in the ancient typically Parisian building (moulding, parquet, fire-place) near a very big park and the beautiful city hall. Calm and cosy quarter, close to the metro station, lot of shops nearby.	"A beautiful room in a typically parisian appartement, in a nice calm quarter of Levallois, near the metro station, 15 min from the center of Paris. Kitchen well-equipped, big bathroom with a bath and a washing machine. A beautiful room of 17 m2 in the appartement of 66 m2, in the ancient typically Parisian building (moulding, parquet, fire-place) near a very big park and the beautiful city hall. Calm and cosy quarter, close to the metro station, lot of shops nearby. Situated 12 min from the Saint Lazare and 15 min from the Opéra, the city of Levallois-Perret is included in ""big Paris"". Very clean, cosy and beautiful and green, there are a lot of place for entertainment. Lots of parks and gardens, a big mallshop, a cinema, two authentic french markets nearby. 4 minutes from metro station Anatole France, Line 3 There are 3 rooms in the appartment, so there are two other people (two young ladies) who live there"
35382	Il y a 3 supermarchés dans l'entourage. c'est entre  Plein de resto . 15 minute du centre, 25 de la tour Eiffel. C'est un quartier sécurisé et calme.	A small apartment of 25 m2. I have a big sofa-bed (to be shared if 2 person). The apartment is btw 2 train stations  (Gentilly and Cite Universitaire), métro 4 (porte d'orlean) and bus 125 (chaperon vert - lenine). 15 min from the centre Il y a 3 supermarchés dans l'entourage. c'est entre  Plein de resto . 15 minute du centre, 25 de la tour Eiffel. C'est un quartier sécurisé et calme. Kitchen, bathroom c'est entre  2 stations de train rer B (Gentilly et Cite Universitaire), métro 4 (porte d'orlean) et bus 125 (chaperon vert - lenine), trame a3 (cite Universitaire) .
35383	Logement au calme au porte de Paris avec différents transports à proximité pour rayonner rapidement partout dans Paris ! Canapé convertible en lit 1.5place à disposition. Near to Paris, you will found a quiet flat with plenty of public transport (métro, tramway, bus, bike), perfect to reach the capital! You will enjoy the bed sofa in the living room or the bedroom depending of your staying (leaving hour...).	Canapé lit dans salon ; Appart' de 28m² situé en RDC donnant sur une petite cour très calme; proximité du métro ligne 11 (Mairie des Lilas); Tram T3b (Adrienne Bolland) et métro ligne 3 (Galliéni : départ bus Euroline) + ligne de bus et Vélib ! Logement au calme au porte de Paris avec différents transports à proximité pour rayonner rapidement partout dans Paris ! Canapé convertible en lit 1.5place à disposition. Near to Paris, you will found a quiet flat with plenty of public transport (métro, tramway, bus, bike), perfect to reach the capital! You will enjoy the bed sofa in the living room or the bedroom depending of your staying (leaving hour...). TV ; Accès à internet (Wifi); chaine Hifi (USB, CD, Bluetooth); tout commodité pour cuisiner (four; micro onde; grand frigo; plaque électrique) Nous pourrons échanger rapidement par téléphone ou E-Mail We could quickly chat by phone or Email Quartier atypique au porte de Paris ; calme et très sympathique avec le nécessaire à proximité immédi
35384		Grande chambre au calme (vue sur jardin) dans un bel appartement lumineux de 75 m² au 3eme étage d'un immeuble standing. Métro Ligne 5 Hoche a 200 m, près de la Villette, du Canal de l'ourcq, tout près de Paris. Grand salon avec cuisine ouverte
35385	* Single bed plus one extra double mattress * Wardrobe and desk  * Full equipped kitchenette and shower room	20m2 cozy studio * Short 10 minutes walk from Montmartre
35386		pour visiter paris grand studios40m2  entresol   je loue un grand studios pour 4 couchages  lit superposés , salle d'eau , cuisinette  plaque électro frigo cafetière grille pain table a manger  cour privé possibilité vélos prix110€ jour semaine 600€
35387	Le logement est situé au 2ème étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble levalloisien dans un quartier calme aux portes de Paris. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor (with an elevator) in a calm aera just next to Paris.	Une chambre de 12 m² à louer dans notre appartement lumineux de 90 m² situé à Levallois. Vous aurez également accès au salon, à la cuisine, aux toilettes et à la salle de bain. Quartier populaire agréable et sécurisé proche de Porte de Champerret Le logement est situé au 2ème étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble levalloisien dans un quartier calme aux portes de Paris. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor (with an elevator) in a calm aera just next to Paris. Vous aurez accès : -Au salon avec écran HD 127cm et son Hi-Fi. -A la cuisine tout équipée récemment rénovée (plaque de cuisson à induction, four, four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave-vaisselles, machine à laver, etc.) ainsi qu'une table pour manger. -Au balcon pour fumer ou prendre l'air :) -Aux WC -A la salle de bain (une douche, deux lavabos) You'll have access to : -The living room with a 50 inches TV screen and a surround sound system -The fully equipped kitchen recently renovated (a cooking hob, an oven, a 
35388		Agosto 2015, PARIGI : Affitto camera con divano letto per due persone in appartamento con un altro inquilino che si occuperà delle pulizie; appartamento di 65 m² su due piani, 2 bagni, vasca e doccia, equipaggiata, balcone, su cortile,metro
35389		Bonjour, Je vais partir en vacances du 31/08 au 7/09 ainsi que du 9/09 au 16/09. Ma chambre est donc disponible au même moment. Vous allez vivre avec 3 autres colocs très sympa. 1 garçon et 2 filles. Nous avons un appartement gigantesque :) Vous avez une clé de l'appartement, une clé pour l'ascenseur ainsi qu'un bip pour le parking avec une place dans le niveau-2. ( sécurisé) Les colocs sont à votre disposition si vous avez des questions pendant votre séjour. A Pied : Métro Ligne 5 à 3min (Arrêt Hoche) 10-15min à pied du Parc de la Villette ainsi que de la cité des sciences. RER E : 10-15min à pied.
35390	"L'appartement est sur 2 étages, très spacieux avec tout le confort nécessaire pour rendre votre séjour agréable. Une chambre simple et une chambre double, sont disponibles selon besoin. Les chambres sont ""cosy"" et calmes (double vitrage), avec des rideaux épais ne laissant pas la lumière du jour vous déranger pendant votre sommeil."	"Chambre pour 1 ou 2 personnes dans un F3 de 90m2 tout confort, au 8ème avec ascenseur.  À 2min à pieds du parc de la Villette et du canal de l'ourcq. M° Hoche, M° Porte de Pantin, Tramway T3-Velib, en face de l'immeuble. Proche tous commerces       L'appartement est sur 2 étages, très spacieux avec tout le confort nécessaire pour rendre votre séjour agréable. Une chambre simple et une chambre double, sont disponibles selon besoin. Les chambres sont ""cosy"" et calmes (double vitrage), avec des rideaux épais ne laissant pas la lumière du jour vous déranger pendant votre sommeil. La cuisine tout équipée est à votre disposition. Vous êtes libre de vous servir pour le petit déjeuner (fruits, croissant, confiture, thé, café etc). Le salon dispose d'une grande TV Led et une option pour regarder les films en vo. Salle de bain : baignoire, lavabo, WC. Si besoin vous pouvez disposer du sèche cheveux et de serviettes. Pour les séjours de plusieurs jours, il est également possible d'utiliser le lav"
35391	Bonjour & Bienvenue ! Welcome :-) Nous sommes situés dans un quartier à la fois populaire, mais très tranquille, à 2 pas des Ateliers Hermès et 5mn de ceux de Chanel. Notre appartement à été refait à neuf il y à 3 ans. Nous l'avons fait comme nous le voulions. Moderne, pratique, et fonctionnel. Il est situé au 4ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, au calme. *La superficie totale est de 70m ². *Un grand séjour lumineux avec balcon ensoleillé et fleuri. *2 chambres. (dont une pour vous accueillir avec canapé- lit 2 personnes 140x190). *Une grande cuisine entièrement équipée (four micro ondes, four, plaques à gaz, frigo-congélateur, théière et cafetière etc..) *Une salle de bain, baignoire et douche et WC *Une double chambre qui nous sert également de chambre d'amis et bureau pour vous accueillir avec une cloison coulissante pour vous laisser une totale indépendance, et un accès direct à la salle de bain et wc et au séjour.	"By default the bedroom and the ""office"" are open space. A sliding wall is available to cut in 2 the space to make 2 bedrooms and each of them have independent access to the bathroom. The total surface is 70m. large sitting room *Breakfast included"
35392		grand studio propre et pres du centre de paris
35393		2 mn à pied du métro/ la pièce de vie est agréable belle et grande / les fenêtres sont au sud/la chambre est grande et les fenêtres au sud/internet/pas de télé /jardin est calme/ on oubli la ville et pourtant le jardin ressemble tellement à paris.
35394		Maison de charme avec jardin à 5 minutes du métro Mairie des Lilas. Direct République, Le Marais (15 min), Beaubourg et Châtelet (20 min).
35395	The flat is at the 7th floor with a large view.  It s located in the center near of all accomodations, shops (banks, backeries,  It is a very quiet place and french warmful atmosphere.  There are bus (170), tramway (station Hopital Robert Debré) and metro (line 11, 5 and 7bis). The place is very safe.	I rent my second room. It's a calm and cozy place with a warm french touch. Walking distance from metro ligne 5 and 11, tramway and bus. I am looking for one or couple (for short period) sincere, honest and kind. The flat is at the 7th floor with a large view.  It s located in the center near of all accomodations, shops (banks, backeries,  It is a very quiet place and french warmful atmosphere.  There are bus (170), tramway (station Hopital Robert Debré) and metro (line 11, 5 and 7bis). The place is very safe. internet  quiet and respectable people 5mn of the tramway station  between the tube station line 11 and 5 bus station 
35396		Nice airy and bright room, 5 minutes walking from the subway, in a charming
35397		Chambre meublée pour personne seule proche métro Jean Jaurès
35398	Chambre calme donne sur une cour  intérieure (vue sur jardins), nuit calme sans bruit extérieur. Chambre indépendante avec grand lit 160 cm pour 1 ou 2 personnes  donne sur cour intérieure calme, parquet bois au sol, Accès illimité à : la salle de bains (pas de baignoire mais douche italienne),  avec séche cheveux  et WC,  Fer à repasser et planche à repasser à disposition   	Chambre calme avec vue sur jardin de 14 m2 dans un appartement de 47 m2  situé à Levallois Perret centre, juste à côté du métro Anatole France,  étage 3 sans ascenseur, digicode à l'entrée, passe et clé fourni . Chambre calme donne sur une cour  intérieure (vue sur jardins), nuit calme sans bruit extérieur. Chambre indépendante avec grand lit 160 cm pour 1 ou 2 personnes  donne sur cour intérieure calme, parquet bois au sol, Accès illimité à : la salle de bains (pas de baignoire mais douche italienne),  avec séche cheveux  et WC,  Fer à repasser et planche à repasser à disposition Très bien desservi par les transports en commun :  Métro Anatole France ou Louise Michel, ligne 3, à 1 min de marche. Situé à 10 min d'Opéra Garnier (en métro). Bus juste à côté (Hotel de ville) qui mène à Paris, Neuilly, La Défense... Je vis dans l'appartement dont je loue la chambre principale ,et dans ces cas là je dors dans le séjour.  je vis seule et n'héberge pas d'ami quand j'ai des invités,  je partag
35399		Belle chambre de 12 m2 dans appartement tout confort, ensoleillé, calme, avec balcon sur allée verte. A 5 min du métro et du RER. Proche du parc de la Villette, du Zénith et de la Philarmonie. Quartier agréable au bord d'un canal et  tout près du parc de la Villette. Accessible par le métro (Arrêt Hoche) , le tramway (arrêt Delphine Seryg) ou RER E arrêt Pantin
