19200	The apartment is 34m2 / 366ft2 and has a 10m2 terrace. It has a comfy king size bed and a nice living room area. The terace is quiet and beautiful, you can have eat and have drinks there at all times, it's lovely.  The kitchen is fully equipped.	The apartment is located in a quiet but well connected area. It has a big room, a kitchen, a bathroom and of course a big and flowery terace. The apartment is 34m2 / 366ft2 and has a 10m2 terrace. It has a comfy king size bed and a nice living room area. The terace is quiet and beautiful, you can have eat and have drinks there at all times, it's lovely.  The kitchen is fully equipped. You'll have access to the whole apartment. - 2min walk to Maraîchers (M9). This line will quickly take you to République (a very lively area in Paris) in 10 minutes and to the Eiffel Tower in 25 minutes.  - 10 min walk to Nation (M1, M2, M6, M9, RER.A), one of the major hubs in Paris. From Nation you can go everywhere very quickly, especially thanks to M1 which goes virtually to all touristic areas
19201	Very pleasant place. 	Charming studio with sunny balcony. Located in a very quiet street, in an animated quartier. Many restaurants around. Métro Belleville  2 minutes.  Very pleasant place.  Washing machine
19202	Au 3ème étage, vue sur le ciel parisien.	Studio 40 m2, 3è étage avec ascenseur. Grande pièce très lumineuse avec cuisine US, coin lit, coin séjour.  Loggia fermée avec bureau, grande baie vitrée exposée plein sud. Vue dégagée. Salle de bain séparée avec baignoire. Dressing et commodes Au 3ème étage, vue sur le ciel parisien. Accès à l'immeuble par un hall, interphone et code ascenseur. Un numéro de téléphone du propriétaire sera laissé pour toutes informations. Square Sarah Bernard en bas de l'immeuble. Bois de Vincennes à proximité(Parc Floral, lacs, Château, Bois, Zoo de Vincennes) .  Restaurants , pubs, bars, Magasins. Immeuble proche Gare de Lyon, Bastille, Châtelet. Le métro Nation est à 5 min : lignes 1, 6, 9.  Le métro Avron est à 5 min : ligne 2. Le RER A est à 5 min.  Le tramway Porte de Vincennes est à 5 min. Accès à la wifi. Télévision, chaîne Hifi, livres divers. Un ventilateur performant est disponible ( mode normal, silencieux).
19203	Studio très agréable en rez de chaussée de 27 m² sur cour intérieure dans une résidence récente, sécurisée et calme avec terrasse et jardin verdoyants privatifs (36 m²).  Idéal pour 1 à 2  personnes. Cet appartement comprend :  1 pièce principale avec cuisine intégrée, réfrigérateur/congélateur, micro ondes, mini four, lave linge, un accès internet wifi, avec un canapé lit 2 places (140 cm x 190 cm). Possibilité 1 matelas 1 ou 2 personnes supplémentaires. 1 entrée avec penderie, aspirateur, planche à repasser et fer à repasser, étagères et meuble à chaussures.  WC séparé avec meuble à chaussures et produits ménagers.  Petit couloir avec placard (penderie et étagères).  1 salle de bain avec baignoire, meuble de rangement et étagère. Les fumeurs sont acceptés en privilégiant la terrasse. L'appartement est situé dans une rue très calme à proximité de nombreux commerces, banques, restaurants, marchés, boutiques... Draps, couvertures, serviettes de toilette fournis. Caution : 500 € (avec co	Studio très agréable en rez de chaussée de 27 m² sur cour intérieure dans une résidence récente, sécurisée et calme avec terrasse et jardin verdoyants privatifs (36 m²).  Idéal pour 1 à 2  personnes. Cet appartement comprend :  1 pièce principale avec cuisine intégrée, réfrigérateur/congélateur, micro ondes, mini four, lave linge, un accès internet wifi, avec un canapé lit 2 places (140 cm x 190 cm). Possibilité 1 matelas 1 ou 2 personnes supplémentaires. 1 entrée avec penderie, aspirateur, planche à repasser et fer à repasser, étagères et meuble à chaussures.  WC séparé avec meuble à chaussures et produits ménagers.  Petit couloir avec placard (penderie et étagères).  1 salle de bain avec baignoire, meuble de rangement et étagère. Les fumeurs sont acceptés en privilégiant la terrasse. L'appartement est situé dans une rue très calme à proximité de nombreux commerces, banques, restaurants, marchés, boutiques... Draps, couvertures, serviettes de toilette fournis. Caution : 500 € (avec co
19204	It's a nice little flat (115ft), in a recently renewed and cosy neighborhood. 2 rooms -a bedroom and a living room- plus an independant bathroom.  Windows on both sides (street and patio), with a good airing (T2 crossing apartement). The bedroom is a really quiet, chillin' and cosy place. Living-room's got full equipment (including TV, a washing-machine, WiFi connection and a computer if needed). Functional kitchen within the living room. With everything you'll need to cook whatever you'll feel like. You'll be the french chef! The neighborough is a trendy and nice one. (pedestrianized). Close to many hipster locations but not in the middle of them. Protected from the chaos of center city but at the same time easily reachable by any mean. Every sunday, there is a cute little food market at the feet of the buidling, with delicious specialties from french regions. Two metro lines (line 2 and line 9) can be found at a short walk reach. You have also a Velib' station (Free cycle service) at	A bedroom plus a living-room, with great light in the morning. Fully equipped, easy to live in, quiet by night and charming by day in a lovely pedestrian area and a trendy neighborhood. It's a nice little flat (115ft), in a recently renewed and cosy neighborhood. 2 rooms -a bedroom and a living room- plus an independant bathroom.  Windows on both sides (street and patio), with a good airing (T2 crossing apartement). The bedroom is a really quiet, chillin' and cosy place. Living-room's got full equipment (including TV, a washing-machine, WiFi connection and a computer if needed). Functional kitchen within the living room. With everything you'll need to cook whatever you'll feel like. You'll be the french chef! The neighborough is a trendy and nice one. (pedestrianized). Close to many hipster locations but not in the middle of them. Protected from the chaos of center city but at the same time easily reachable by any mean. Every sunday, there is a cute little food market at the feet of th
19205	PARIS: Cosy Corner Rue des Grands Champs. Description: A quiet one bedroom spacious furnished apartment with a piano, and a stylish decor. Well connected by metro or bus to the center of Paris. Location &  environment - near metro stations Maraîchers (metro line 9), not far from Porte de Vincennes (metro line 1) and Nation (metro lines 1,2,6, 9, and RER A), - near a few bus lines : veryè close to lines 26, 57, also not far from lines 62, 86, PC2 and very close to the so-called Coulee Verte, a sort of green belt of Paris, the flat is both quiet and well connected to the center of Paris. The flat is very close to an arty area of the 20th arrondissement, especially rue de Vignoles with many artists workshops and a famous restaurant : le 20eme art (word by word : the 20th art), also the market of Place de la Reunion, one of the most interesting ones in Paris with the famous Marche d’Aligre. The small park de Charonne is located right behind the flat, about 150 metres away by foot, the famo	PARIS: Cosy Corner Rue des Grands Champs. Description: A quiet one bedroom spacious furnished apartment with a piano, and a stylish decor. Well connected by metro or bus to the center of Paris. Location &  environment - near metro stations Maraîchers (metro line 9), not far from Porte de Vincennes (metro line 1) and Nation (metro lines 1,2,6, 9, and RER A), - near a few bus lines : veryè close to lines 26, 57, also not far from lines 62, 86, PC2 and very close to the so-called Coulee Verte, a sort of green belt of Paris, the flat is both quiet and well connected to the center of Paris. The flat is very close to an arty area of the 20th arrondissement, especially rue de Vignoles with many artists workshops and a famous restaurant : le 20eme art (word by word : the 20th art), also the market of Place de la Reunion, one of the most interesting ones in Paris with the famous Marche d’Aligre. The small park de Charonne is located right behind the flat, about 150 metres away by foot, the famo
19206	The apartment consists of a bedroom with a double bed, an other room with a sofa bed hight confort  for two persons , and a living room with a sofa bed for two persons also , and a kitchen very well equipped  with dining for six personnes. It offers all conveniencies : heating , DVD and Blu-ray, and many TV channels in all languages , WIFI, two TV, dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer, Sheets, towels, a wide range of quality tableware, full cooking facilities. Totally soundproofed apartment offers a perfect calm and lets you play the piano or listen to music in sérénity .	Beautiful duplex between 20th and le12e  53M2 totally done up like new and magnificently equipped. Offer all the comfort possible:Calme, close to numerous transport. Its located directly on the ground floor looking onto the yard. The apartment consists of a bedroom with a double bed, an other room with a sofa bed hight confort  for two persons , and a living room with a sofa bed for two persons also , and a kitchen very well equipped  with dining for six personnes. It offers all conveniencies : heating , DVD and Blu-ray, and many TV channels in all languages , WIFI, two TV, dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer, Sheets, towels, a wide range of quality tableware, full cooking facilities. Totally soundproofed apartment offers a perfect calm and lets you play the piano or listen to music in sérénity . Porte de Vincennes: a lively district with a great location. Well established between two large Paris arrondissements, Porte de Vincennes attracts people for the young, dynam
19207	My flat is located 10 min away from Nation, strategic place to visit all Paris. Market, bakery, pub. The subway is at the end of the street. Typically Parisian district and apartment!	A bedroom and a living room typically Parisian. Fully-equipped kitchen, strategic location (10 min stands of Nation), bike available, very bright, market to 2 steps! Towels and sheets provided My flat is located 10 min away from Nation, strategic place to visit all Paris. Market, bakery, pub. The subway is at the end of the street. Typically Parisian district and apartment! WiFi access, fully-equipped kitchen (washing machine, oven, refrigerator, machine Nespresso, kettle), bike, TV Parisienne depuis plus de 8 ans, je peux vous indiquer les lieux à découvrir! Parisian for more than 8 years, I can indicate you places to be discovered! Flat is near the Père Lachaise cemetery, Nation. Métro Maraîchers (ligne 9), bus 64 arrêt Orteaux, Nation (10 min à pied) I don't rent my flat for long periods, sorry!
19208	Nice and cosy, bright little apartment in Paris. Typical neighborhood with Père Lachaise cemetery nearby. The apartment is 37 m2, and is located at the 3rd floor, inside an inner courtyard for quiet nights. Beautiful fireplace, high ceiling with lovely mouldings.  Fully equipped kitchen with oven, micro-wave, electrical stove, refrigerator-freezer, kettle, coffee machine, etc. Electric shutters with remote. Polished stone bathroom with shower. Large bedroom with comfortable double bed. Little TV on one side with cable TV. Free Internet and Wi-Fi in all the rooms. 	Bright and cosy apartment in old Paris Nice and cosy, bright little apartment in Paris. Typical neighborhood with Père Lachaise cemetery nearby. The apartment is 37 m2, and is located at the 3rd floor, inside an inner courtyard for quiet nights. Beautiful fireplace, high ceiling with lovely mouldings.  Fully equipped kitchen with oven, micro-wave, electrical stove, refrigerator-freezer, kettle, coffee machine, etc. Electric shutters with remote. Polished stone bathroom with shower. Large bedroom with comfortable double bed. Little TV on one side with cable TV. Free Internet and Wi-Fi in all the rooms. 100m from Père Lachaise, 10 minutes walk to place de la Bastille.  I'm here to make you feel at home, so don't hesitate to ask me anything ! Popular bars and a large variety of restaurants next door. All kinds of shops and commodities. Oberkampf, known for its night life is just around the corner at a 10 minutes walk with lots of bars and concert venues. Near metro line 2 (to and from Gar
19209	Our flat is 40m², very sunny and nicely located near lots of stores. There are : - a private bedroom (double bed, wide wardrobe) - a living room (double sofa bed, desk, flat screen TV) - the entrance/ hallway (a spare room to store luggages and shoes) - a bathroom (shower and closet) - a kitchen (table, microwave, coffee machine, toaster)	The flat is 40m² with a private room, a living room a bathroom and a kitchen. You'll have access to internet, TV and a washing machine. Don't hesitate to ask any questions ! Our flat is 40m², very sunny and nicely located near lots of stores. There are : - a private bedroom (double bed, wide wardrobe) - a living room (double sofa bed, desk, flat screen TV) - the entrance/ hallway (a spare room to store luggages and shoes) - a bathroom (shower and closet) - a kitchen (table, microwave, coffee machine, toaster) - TV : free access, 30 chanels - Internet : free access - Washing-machine : free access, paying washing powder on demand - Coffee machine : free access, paying coffee pod - Linen for both beds - 4 towels - Landline : free phone calls for french landline numbers We welcome you at your arrival and would be glad to help you discover Paris. We speak French, English, Spanish, Chinese and Japanese. Our neigborhood is very lively, you can go shop for groceries at every hour of the day an
19210	Il est composé d'une entrée avec penderie, d'une grande chambre (avec un lit double et un bureau), d'une cuisine/séjour (avec frigo, gazinière, lave-linge, table, canapé), d'une salle de bain. Vue Est sur la verdure ! Il est situé à 2 mn à pied du métro (ligne 9) et du tramway (ligne T3b), 10 mn à pied de Nation. 	Bonjour, Mon appartement de 30m2 est idéal pour une ou deux personnes. Il est situé au 3ème et dernier étage d'un petit immeuble dans une rue calme, d'un quartier agréable. Verdure et soleil ! Il est composé d'une entrée avec penderie, d'une grande chambre (avec un lit double et un bureau), d'une cuisine/séjour (avec frigo, gazinière, lave-linge, table, canapé), d'une salle de bain. Vue Est sur la verdure ! Il est situé à 2 mn à pied du métro (ligne 9) et du tramway (ligne T3b), 10 mn à pied de Nation.  Le quartier est vivant et rassemble de nombreux commerces (cafés, boulangeries, épiceries, petits supermarchés, marché le jeudi et le dimanche), bibliothèque. Merci de prendre soin des plantes !!
19211	Grand studio avec une cuisine séparée entierement équipée (four, plaque de cuisson, cafetière Senseo...) et un agréable balcon avec une petite table pour prendre le petit déjeuner au calme. 	Situé dans le quartier animé de la Place de la Nation, ce grand studio de 27m2 situé au 7ème étage sans ascenseur pouvant accueillir deux personnes, est idéalement situé pour se rendre aux 4 coins de Paris très rapidement.  Grand studio avec une cuisine séparée entierement équipée (four, plaque de cuisson, cafetière Senseo...) et un agréable balcon avec une petite table pour prendre le petit déjeuner au calme.  La station de métro Nation se trouve à seulement 5 minutes à pied, grâce aux lignes de métro n°1, 2, 6, 9 ainsi que le RER A vous pourrez vous rendre directement aux quatre coins de Paris (lignes directes pour les Champs Elysées, Place de la Bastille, l'Opéra, ou encore Montmartre)   Au pied de l'immeuble, se trouvent de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. Je vous donnerai rendez vous afin de vous remettre les clés et pendant tout votre séjour je serai à votre disposition pour toute question ou conseil sur Paris. Le quartier autour de place de la Nation est un quartier très
19212	48m2 inside Paris, it's big ! The kitchen is half-opened. So you can cook and follow the conversations in the living room. The living room has a part with a big table to eat on. The shower has massage jets, which is very good after a day of visits !	2 rooms flat, with lots of light coming in, in a calm area. It's near the place de la Nation. 2 to 4 people can sleep in, thanks to the sofa in the living room. Its exposure is E-W. The shower has massage jets, which is very good after a day of visit 48m2 inside Paris, it's big ! The kitchen is half-opened. So you can cook and follow the conversations in the living room. The living room has a part with a big table to eat on. The shower has massage jets, which is very good after a day of visits ! Normally every room. We'll exchange by email and perhaps meet for the come in and exit. The neighbourhood is calm, even if you have restaurants at the bottom of the street. You have food shops in a 5 minutes walk, severall good french bakeries. You can easily park your car in my street, it's free after 7pm, during the week-end and the off days. Nation station : RER A, metro lines 1, 2, 6, 9, severall buses. 10min walk. Avron station : metro line 2. 5min walk. Buzenval station : metro line 9. 6m
19213		Petit studio de 23 m2 près du Métro Nation. Un lit 2 places pour dormir. Télévision et internet disponible. Four, frigidaire et micro onde pour se faire à manger. Grande baignoire. Situé dans un quartier très vivant avec commerces mais au calme!
19214	Grand studio, calme et très lumineux grace à son grand balcon plein soleil le matin jusqu'au déjeuner. 	Grand studieux spacieux de 27m2 + 7m2 de balcon, moderne, sécurisé, calme et lumineux, situé proche de Nation (à 5min à pied des métros 1, 6, 9, et RER A). Entièrement équipé. Bouteille de vin offerte en guise de bienvenue :) Grand studio, calme et très lumineux grace à son grand balcon plein soleil le matin jusqu'au déjeuner.  Ensemble du studio, jouissance exclusive (sans moi). Avec plaisir ! Du moins à l'arrivée puis on reste en contact pour la moindre question :) Quartier très sympathique, simple et sans prétention. Rue au calme, joliment arborée et verdie, le tout à 2 pas de 4 lignes de métros/RER qui inondent tout Paris ! Très facilement en transports en commun. Immeuble sécurisé avec gardien.
19215	A wonderful 64m2 apartment with a large living room framed by large picture windows, a large bedroom, large kitchen: all facing south. The super top: a south facing terrace of 16m2. The apartment is located on the 7th floor of a modern building of high standing (with lifts of course).	A wonderful 64m2 appartement.  A 16m2 terrace facing south: gorgeous. On the seventh floor (with two large lifts). Clean sheets and towels (of course!). All kitchen appliances, cookware, dishes, glasses, coffee, ect available too. A wonderful 64m2 apartment with a large living room framed by large picture windows, a large bedroom, large kitchen: all facing south. The super top: a south facing terrace of 16m2. The apartment is located on the 7th floor of a modern building of high standing (with lifts of course). All apartment ! I will be at your disposal to help you and, if necessary, I can pick you up at the airport. Lively area with many shops. Les Puces de Montreuil are a 7-minute walk. The subway (Ligne 9) is nearby, you will be in 15 minutes Place de la Bastille. The Ligne 9 is direct to the Eiffel Tower.
19216	Situé à proximité du métro Maraîchers et à 10 minutes à pied de la place de la Nation, grand 2 pièces de 44 m2 très confortable. Quartier calme et proximité en métro (15 min) des quartiers plus animés (Ménilmontant / Oberkampf) ainsi que du bois de Vincennes (20 minutes à pied). Equipement complet: Internet, Télévision, chaîne HI-FI, Machine à laver, frigo, four, grand lit deux places + canapé clic/clac transformable en lit deux places, salle de bains avec douche et toilettes séparées.  Rue animée mais appartement donnant sur cour. Proximité de tous les transports : Métros Nation (lignes 1, 2, 6, 9, et RER A) Maraîchers (ligne 9) Avron (ligne 2)	Grand 2 pièces (4 couchages) Proximité Nation Situé à proximité du métro Maraîchers et à 10 minutes à pied de la place de la Nation, grand 2 pièces de 44 m2 très confortable. Quartier calme et proximité en métro (15 min) des quartiers plus animés (Ménilmontant / Oberkampf) ainsi que du bois de Vincennes (20 minutes à pied). Equipement complet: Internet, Télévision, chaîne HI-FI, Machine à laver, frigo, four, grand lit deux places + canapé clic/clac transformable en lit deux places, salle de bains avec douche et toilettes séparées.  Rue animée mais appartement donnant sur cour. Proximité de tous les transports : Métros Nation (lignes 1, 2, 6, 9, et RER A) Maraîchers (ligne 9) Avron (ligne 2)
19217	Studio, 20m ², overlooking a public park, second floor. Fully Equipped (WiFi, electric stove, refrigerator, toaster, electric fan). Bathroom with large shower. Equipped with a true Murphy bed for two adults, very easy to use and very comfortable. Close to shops: supermarkets, market places, restaurants, bars ... Metro Line 9, Tram 3b, many buses to get around easily, and a 10 minute walk to Nation (2-6-9 Metro, RER A).	"20m ² studio apartment, overlooking large park, second floor. Fully Equipped (Electric stove, refrigerator, toaster). Close to shops: supermarkets, wet markets, restaurants, bars ... Equipped with a true Murphy bed. Studio, 20m ², overlooking a public park, second floor. Fully Equipped (WiFi, electric stove, refrigerator, toaster, electric fan). Bathroom with large shower. Equipped with a true Murphy bed for two adults, very easy to use and very comfortable. Close to shops: supermarkets, market places, restaurants, bars ... Metro Line 9, Tram 3b, many buses to get around easily, and a 10 minute walk to Nation (2-6-9 Metro, RER A). Full access to housing. By mail or phone. Popular area near Belleville and Buttes Chaumont, perfect places to discover Paris away from the tourist routes. Since Roissy or Orly airports: RER B to ""Châtelet"" station, then RER A direction ""Marne-la-Vallee Chessy"" or ""Boissy-Saint-Léger"" to the station ""Nation"". Metro line 9 direction ""Mairie de Montreuil"", get o"
19218	"The flat has a 40m2 superficy with a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen, bathroom and separated toilets. It's on 3rd floor (2nd floor in french) without elevator, in a 19th century building. The flat is ok for 4 persons with a double bed in the bedroom, and a double sofa bed in the living room. It's charming and comfortable, totally renovated in 2010. Very quiet, which is rare and enjoyable in Paris, at the end of 2 lovely courtyards, full of cats, kids and flowers. Secured entrance with an electronic pass and a digicode. Subway at 2 minutes walk. ""Maraichers"" station on line 9. From there, you can go to Pere Lachais in 10min, Republique in 15 min, Marais in 20 min, Montmartre 30 min, Champs Elysées 45 min. Basically, a perfect location to visit Paris. Family neighbourhood, but also lots of hip places like famous concert venues (Fleche d'or, Maroquinerie, Bellevilloise and Nouveau Casino) and one of the best nightlife place in Paris in Oberkampf/Menilmontant, very close to the flat. Man"	"The flat has a 40m2 superficy with a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen, bathroom and separated toilets. It's on 3rd floor (2nd floor in french) without elevator, in a 19th century building. The flat is ok for 4 persons with a double bed in the bedroom, and a double sofa bed in the living room. It's charming and comfortable, totally renovated in 2010. Very quiet, which is rare and enjoyable in Paris, at the end of 2 lovely courtyards, full of cats, kids and flowers. Secured entrance with an electronic pass and a digicode. Subway at 2 minutes walk. ""Maraichers"" station on line 9. From there, you can go to Pere Lachais in 10min, Republique in 15 min, Marais in 20 min, Montmartre 30 min, Champs Elysées 45 min. Basically, a perfect location to visit Paris. Family neighbourhood, but also lots of hip places like famous concert venues (Fleche d'or, Maroquinerie, Bellevilloise and Nouveau Casino) and one of the best nightlife place in Paris in Oberkampf/Menilmontant, very close to the flat. Man"
19219	Tout se dont vous avez besoin est réunit.	Loue pour 1/2 nuits studio tout équipé. Micro-ondes,canapé-lit,frigo,ampli 5.1,écran 107 cm,ps3 lecteur cd/dvd/bd,table,3 chaises, plaques chauffantes, vaisselle, douche, serviettes, wc... Métro Maraîchers. Tout se dont vous avez besoin est réunit. Supermarchés, restaurants, snacks, pharmacie, métro, bus, tramway, cinéma, bars, tabacs... S'ils ont besoin de conseils sur les endroits à visiter, pourquoi pas! Populaire et vivant Metro, bus, tramway
19220	Welcome to Paris, in a lovely flat, very quiet and clean.  It's a 20m2 place well organised with a very bright single room.  The kichen is separated with a useful bar where you can cook your own meal (2 hot plates and a oven). I propose you to use my coffee, tea, squeezer and my toaster to prepare you the breakfast. My flat contains a large bathroom (with a bath) and I provide you the towels. You can use the washing-machine too. A wifi connection is available and I have a TV. The flat is situated at the garden level but you will have to reach the first floor by the stairs or thanks to the elevator. The neighbourhood is very pleasant and practical. You have some baker's at 2mn on foot, a supermarket (Monoprix) in the same building and the Printemps-Nation (for the shopping) at 2mn on foot. A lot of restaurants are closed to the place. You can find also the traditional parisian market on the Saturday morning at 10mn on foot (or 1 station with the tube). The flat is ideally situated : Mét	Welcome to Paris, in a lovely flat, very quiet and clean.  It's a 20m2 place well organised with a very bright single room.  The kichen is separated with a useful bar where you can cook your own meal (2 hot plates and a oven). I propose you to use my coffee, tea, squeezer and my toaster to prepare you the breakfast. My flat contains a large bathroom (with a bath) and I provide you the towels. You can use the washing-machine too. A wifi connection is available and I have a TV. The flat is situated at the garden level but you will have to reach the first floor by the stairs or thanks to the elevator. The neighbourhood is very pleasant and practical. You have some baker's at 2mn on foot, a supermarket (Monoprix) in the same building and the Printemps-Nation (for the shopping) at 2mn on foot. A lot of restaurants are closed to the place. You can find also the traditional parisian market on the Saturday morning at 10mn on foot (or 1 station with the tube). The flat is ideally situated : Mét
19221	Vue sur les arbres du Cimetière du Père Lachaise. Double exposition. Très lumineux. Agréable à vivre. Proche Nation, Bastille. Tout équipé. Peut accueillir deux personnes.	Spacieux, lumineux, confortable. Idéal pour visiter Paris en se sentant chez soi. Une chambre, salle de bains, cuisine tout équipée.  A 2 minutes du métro Alexandre Dumas et de la ligne 76 (bus) desservant Bastille, Saint-Paul et le Louvre. Wifi inclus. Grand supermarché à proximité de l'appartement. Vue sur les arbres du Cimetière du Père Lachaise. Double exposition. Très lumineux. Agréable à vivre. Proche Nation, Bastille. Tout équipé. Peut accueillir deux personnes. Le logement entier est mis à disposition, ceci inclut l'usage du wifi, de la télé, du téléphone (pour des appels passés en France Métropolitaine), du frigo, fours, plaques chauffantes, machine à café, lave-vaisselle, chauffage ou machine lavante-séchante si nécessaire. Nous serons joignables par téléphone avant et pendant votre séjour, si vous avez un question, désirez un conseil (restaurant, sorties, quoi visiter ?) ou si vous ne comprenez pas comment vous servir d'un objet chez nous. Nous vous accueillerons pour vous d
19222	Le logement est accessible par escalier ou ascenseur.	Joli appartement de caractère, immeuble ancien en briques, cour intérieure arborée, calme et garantissant une douce fraicheur en été. Accès sur une rue garnie de petits cafés et restaurants populaires, le métro, Vélib, Autolib, nombreuses commodités Le logement est accessible par escalier ou ascenseur. Logement entier Je reste à votre disposition pour toute information concerant votre séjour et les modalités associées. Quartier dynamique et populaire où il est fort apprécié de se promené et famille ou en amoureux. Les commerces de proximité sont très variés : 5 supermarchés, ouvert 6 j/7 de 9h à 22 h au pied de l'immeuble ; les marchés offrent de nombreuses victuailles les mercredis, samedis et dimanches matins, à 2 minutes ; les boulangeries sont au nombre de 5 dans un périmètre maximum de 4 minutes de marche ; de nombreux restaurants cosmopolites se proposent également à vous avec les plus célèbres : La Flèche d'or, Mama Shelter dans l'immeuble de Stark. De nombreuses banques égaleme
19223	Lovely Duplex apartment in Paris with exposed wooden-beams. Gift basket offered at arrival. Details :  Kitchen / dining room: Large central dining table, induction hob, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, robot-blender, kettle, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine. Living room: Sofa bed (2p), TV, Playstation, Hifi stereo / Ipod dock, large DVD / CD collection. Bathroom: bath, WC, heated towel rail, Ipod dock, washing machine. Bedroom: double bed, TV (DVD and USB drive only), computer, dressing room.	    Charming fully equipped apartment for up to 4 people. 5 minutes from the Place de la Nation. Welcoming neighborhood, shops, restaurants and cafes nearby. Ideal to discover Paris!    Lovely Duplex apartment in Paris with exposed wooden-beams. Gift basket offered at arrival. Details :  Kitchen / dining room: Large central dining table, induction hob, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, robot-blender, kettle, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine. Living room: Sofa bed (2p), TV, Playstation, Hifi stereo / Ipod dock, large DVD / CD collection. Bathroom: bath, WC, heated towel rail, Ipod dock, washing machine. Bedroom: double bed, TV (DVD and USB drive only), computer, dressing room. Living neighborhood close to Nation. - Numerous shops: bakery, pharmacy, supermarkets, newsagent. - Open Food Market: Thursday and Sunday. - Cafes / Restaurants. - Cinema nearby. Costs:  - 95€ / Night - 600€ / 1 week - 1100 € / 2 weeks Optional :  - Cleaning fees. 
19224	Charming appartment of 38m2 in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, on the 4th floor (no elevator), old wooden floors, very quiet and bright. Located 3 minutes from Nation, 2 minutes from Père Lachaise, 5 minutes from the vibrant Charonne district and 10 minutes from Belleville and its Asian neighborhood. The apartment is in a quiet street, close to many shops and metro Alexandre Dumas (line 2). Enjoy the peace and comfort after your hectic days in Paris!	Charming appartment of 38m2, cozy and welcoming, with old wooden floors.  Located in a quiet street in a lively, young and trendy area, close to Pere Lachaise and Nation! Charming appartment of 38m2 in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, on the 4th floor (no elevator), old wooden floors, very quiet and bright. Located 3 minutes from Nation, 2 minutes from Père Lachaise, 5 minutes from the vibrant Charonne district and 10 minutes from Belleville and its Asian neighborhood. The apartment is in a quiet street, close to many shops and metro Alexandre Dumas (line 2). Enjoy the peace and comfort after your hectic days in Paris! The apartment is fully equipped, it has an entrance - a kitchen with hob, oven and microwave, coffee maker, refrigerator and freezer, washing machine and all kitchen utensils - a large bright bathroom with shower, sink and storage space - separate toilet - a cozy lounge with table for dining, designer sofa, armchair, coffee table, large TV home cinema - a spacious room 
19225	"The apartment is ideal for one person or a couple : - a bedroom (with a double bed, a TV and a DVD reader) - a living room with a space for eating and a space for cocooning (sofa, tv with the cable to connect to many foreigner channels) - a kitchen (you can cook, do coffee and use all the kitchenwares) - a bathroom with a shower, a washing machine, a hairdryer - WC I prepare clean towels and sheets. It's equipped with free wifi. The apartment is situated just near the Père Lachaise, in a living and trendy district. The neighborhood is really nice with many bars and restaurants, concert halls, theater and many shops. I can recommend the ""mama shelter"" (hype place), la Bellevilloise (trendy and friendly place), l'Entrepot's (friendly place), le Jardin de Chiang-Maï (a tasty thai restaurant) or the Mac Donald opened quite all the night... :-) There are many things to see like the famous Père Lachaise or la campagne à Paris (a beauty spot on the street Jules Siegfried)... The apartment is "	"The apartment is ideal for one person or a couple : - a bedroom (with a double bed, a TV and a DVD reader) - a living room with a space for eating and a space for cocooning (sofa, tv with the cable to connect to many foreigner channels) - a kitchen (you can cook, do coffee and use all the kitchenwares) - a bathroom with a shower, a washing machine, a hairdryer - WC I prepare clean towels and sheets. It's equipped with free wifi. The apartment is situated just near the Père Lachaise, in a living and trendy district. The neighborhood is really nice with many bars and restaurants, concert halls, theater and many shops. I can recommend the ""mama shelter"" (hype place), la Bellevilloise (trendy and friendly place), l'Entrepot's (friendly place), le Jardin de Chiang-Maï (a tasty thai restaurant) or the Mac Donald opened quite all the night... :-) There are many things to see like the famous Père Lachaise or la campagne à Paris (a beauty spot on the street Jules Siegfried)... The apartment is "
19226	"Nice two rooms in the heart of Paris near to the Park of Belleville with a splendid view to the Eiffel tower & Beaubourg. In a calm and charming street, you will discover the ""real Paris"" with its shops, proximity metro & neighborhood.  38m2, the apartment is composed of 2 rooms : the living room / kitchen fully furnished (oven, induction plate, coffee maker Nespresso & toaster...) separated by a nice wood bar. The bedroom is adjacent to the bathroom & toilets. The windows with its louvered shutters are looking throw the calm courtyard.  The parquet floor & the cross beam are visible and give to this flat an authentic parisian charm.  We love our flat and hope you will appreciate also ;) Looking forward to see you.  Olivia & Alex "	"Nice two rooms in the heart of Paris near to the Park of Belleville with a splendid view to the Eiffel tower & Beaubourg. In a calm and charming street, you will discover the ""real Paris"" with its shops, proximity metro & neighborhood.  38m2, the apartment is composed of 2 rooms : the living room / kitchen fully furnished (oven, induction plate, coffee maker Nespresso & toaster...) separated by a nice wood bar. The bedroom is adjacent to the bathroom & toilets. The windows with its louvered shutters are looking throw the calm courtyard.  The parquet floor & the cross beam are visible and give to this flat an authentic parisian charm.  We love our flat and hope you will appreciate also ;) Looking forward to see you.  Olivia & Alex "
19227	Grand appartement de 70 m² avec deux chambres, une chambre avec un grand lit double et une chambre avec un lit enfant jusqu’à trois ans, proche de plusieurs station de métro : télégraphe, place des fêtes et Jourdain. Quartier populaire mais vivant et calme avec de nombreux commerce de bouche, parfait pour visiter tous les sites touristiques de paris.	Grand appartement de 70 m² avec deux chambres, une chambre avec un grand lit double et une chambre avec un lit enfant jusqu’à trois ans, proche de plusieurs station de métro : télégraphe, place des fêtes et Jourdain. Quartier populaire mais vivant et calme avec de nombreux commerce de bouche, parfait pour visiter tous les sites touristiques de paris.
19228	This charming 34m2 apartment is ideally located in the Nation area, a few minutes away from the metro/RER station (NATION, lines 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A).  1 bedroom with a comfy bed 1 living room with sofa, dining area 1 kitchen with all amenities 1 bathroom Equipments: WIFI, TV, telephone, washing machine, small oven, coffee machine, fridge, freezer, iron, etc. The apartment is very quiet, on the 1st floor of a typical Parisian building. The area is safe and conveniently located. Several supermarkets a few minutes away from the apartment + restaurants, bars, shops, department store (Printemps). Food market every Wednesday and Saturday. The metro will take you quickly to all tourist attractions (direct to the Louvre, Notre Dame area, Opera, Montmartre + RER A is direct to Disneyland Paris). Many bus lines + tram station (T3) at 10 minutes. If you have any question, just ask me and I'll be glad to help you! Marion // Charmant appartement de 34m2, à quelques minutes du métro Nation (lignes 1,	This charming 34m2 apartment is ideally located in the Nation area, a few minutes away from the metro/RER station (NATION, lines 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A).  1 bedroom with a comfy bed 1 living room with sofa, dining area 1 kitchen with all amenities 1 bathroom Equipments: WIFI, TV, telephone, washing machine, small oven, coffee machine, fridge, freezer, iron, etc. The apartment is very quiet, on the 1st floor of a typical Parisian building. The area is safe and conveniently located. Several supermarkets a few minutes away from the apartment + restaurants, bars, shops, department store (Printemps). Food market every Wednesday and Saturday. The metro will take you quickly to all tourist attractions (direct to the Louvre, Notre Dame area, Opera, Montmartre + RER A is direct to Disneyland Paris). Many bus lines + tram station (T3) at 10 minutes. If you have any question, just ask me and I'll be glad to help you! Marion // Charmant appartement de 34m2, à quelques minutes du métro Nation (lignes 1,
19229		Studio à Gambetta accueillant situé au RDC sur cour verdoyante d'un immeuble avec gardien. A 10 min à pied du cimetière Père Lachaise et à 5 min du métro Gambetta.Canapé-lit 2 place, coin cuisine, salle de bain, Dressing.
19230	Logement atypique en duplex avec chambre et salle de bain privative à l'étage.	jolie chambre privée de 10m2 lumineuse avec un lit mezzanine et accès à salle de bain privative. Proche du cimetière du Père Lachaise Logement atypique en duplex avec chambre et salle de bain privative à l'étage. Seul la chambre et la salle de bain sont accessibles aux voyageurs. Pas de repas possibles dans la chambre. n'hésitez pas à nous demander pour tous renseignements. quartier cosmopolite et populaire . Assez proche du centre de Paris. A deux pas du cimetière du père lachaise. métro ligne 2 ménilmontant ou ligne 3 pére-lachaise Bus ligne 96 A 20mn de la gare de Lyon check in à partir de 15H ( possibilité de déposer valises avant ) check out avant 12H
19231	Charming and confortable flat of 47m2 between Belleville and Pyrénées metro station (line 11 and 2) Flat on the second and last floor of a small building Appartment: The flat is composed of a large living room with a table for 4 persons, an equiped US kitchen ( electric oven, gaz cooker, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster and dishes) In the living room 2 sofas, a tv, books, free wifi, dvd and radio. Sleep: One bedroom with a double bed with a window on a calm courtyard and a big and confortable sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room. Linen provided Bathroom with a shower, WC, a washing machine, an hair dryer and a hair straightener. Towels provided. 	Charming and confortable flat of 47m2 between Belleville and Pyrénées metro station (line 11 and 2) Flat on the second and last floor of a small building Appartment: The flat is composed of a large living room with a table for 4 persons, an equiped US kitchen ( electric oven, gaz cooker, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster and dishes) In the living room 2 sofas, a tv, books, free wifi, dvd and radio. Sleep: One bedroom with a double bed with a window on a calm courtyard and a big and confortable sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room. Linen provided Bathroom with a shower, WC, a washing machine, an hair dryer and a hair straightener. Towels provided. Send me an email if you need more informations, it will a pleasure to give you details and good tips. I will send you all the explanations to come home from where you arrive and with your budget! Metro Pyrénées line 11 ( brown one) 26 bus line 6 min walk from Belleville Station Line 11 and 2 ( the blue one) The best way to contact me, is 
19232	 Beautiful studio on the top floor of a quiet building with a large terrace Bright and renovated in 2013. Close to shops and close to Place Gambetta. The nearest metro (100m) is Saint Fargeau line 3a and telegraph metro line 11, 10 minutes from Chatelet, Paris (website hidden) and Internet access, multifunction oven, fridge milling, Extractor Fan, Washer / Dryer, Towels and linen provided, electric shutters.	 Beautiful studio on the top floor of a quiet building with a large terrace Bright and renovated in 2013. Close to shops and close to Place Gambetta. The nearest metro (100m) is Saint Fargeau line 3a and telegraph metro line 11, 10 minutes from Chatelet, Paris (website hidden) and Internet access, multifunction oven, fridge milling, Extractor Fan, Washer / Dryer, Towels and linen provided, electric shutters.
19233	Within walking distance of the Metro Station Gambetta ( line 3) you will be at the heart of a lively parisian arrondissement with all enchanting cafés and terrasse to enjoy the typical  life of parisians. You will also have the leisure to enjoy an evening at the cinema or go watch a play at various theaters. ( I will be very pleased to give you advices) 	Ideally located in Paris to start your visit by a tour of the historical graveyard of Le Cimetière du Père Lachaise where famous french and international artists are buried.  Ideal Flat for a couple with 1 child Within walking distance of the Metro Station Gambetta ( line 3) you will be at the heart of a lively parisian arrondissement with all enchanting cafés and terrasse to enjoy the typical  life of parisians. You will also have the leisure to enjoy an evening at the cinema or go watch a play at various theaters. ( I will be very pleased to give you advices)  Located in the East side of Paris you will be able to enjoy the historical Quartier de la Bastille and la Place de la République just recently renovated, but you will be also able to enjoy a quiet pique nique in the Parc des Buttes Chaumont as any parisien loves to do when summers comes and pursue your afternoon by visiting la Cité des Sciences et de l'industrie. Thanks to the great connections available with public transportat
19234		Studio lumineux au dernier étage d un immeuble sécurisé.  A 4minutes du metro Buzenval (ligne 9) et a 6min du metro Avron (ligne2) Libre du 4 septembre au 13 septembre 2015 inclus (départ à 16h maximum) Je ne serai pas a Paris mais je resterai joignable par telephone ou mail en cas de questions. Desservi par la ligne 9 (AVRON)  et 2 (BUZENVAL), il y a également le bus 57 qui passe à l'entrée du métro. A 7 minutes à pied de Nation (ligne 1,2,6,9  RER A) Vous disposez également d'une borne Velib en bas de l'immeuble
19235	Notre logement est douillet, pratique, lumineux et confortable. Nous pouvons accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes. Nous disposons de 4 chambres : la nôtre avec un grand lit double de 2m et 3 chambres d'enfants (dont une avec un lit 2 personnes, une avec un lit simple et une chambre de bébé avec. Le salon possède un canapé lit de 2 personnes.	Notre appartement de 115 m2 se situe au cœur de Paris entre Père Lachaise, Bastille et Nation. Il est lumineux, accueillant, douillet. Au pied de chez nous un joli marché atypique, des bistrots parisiens et leurs petits concerts.... Notre logement est douillet, pratique, lumineux et confortable. Nous pouvons accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes. Nous disposons de 4 chambres : la nôtre avec un grand lit double de 2m et 3 chambres d'enfants (dont une avec un lit 2 personnes, une avec un lit simple et une chambre de bébé avec. Le salon possède un canapé lit de 2 personnes. Vous avez accès à la totalité de notre appartement. Vous avez le confort de tous nos appareils ménagers ainsi qu'à la wi-fi. Nous ne sommes pas présents pendant le séjour de nos voyageurs. Notre quartier est animé, familial et très agréable à vivre. Il y a un jardin pour enfants au pied de notre immeuble. Nous sommes tout proche du célèbre Père-Lachaise. Sur le boulevard, le mercredi et le samedi, un marché atypique propose d
19236	Logement spacieux, lumineux qui permet à chacun de trouver son espace	4th floor nearby Cimetière du Père Lachaise, 30mn max from every parisian spot Shinny, bedrooms located towards the courtyard Logement spacieux, lumineux qui permet à chacun de trouver son espace Tout le logement est accessible Nous vous accueillerons. Quartier très trendy, nombreux bars, commerces et restaurant de très bonne qualité à proximité Logement sur la ligne circulaire 2, près de Nation (RER, ligne 1 qui traverse Paris, ligne 9 circulaire, ligne 6 circulaire).
19237	Beaucoup de lignes de metro a quelques minutes à pieds, dans un quartier typiquement parisien, animé avec appartement au calme dans un immeuble sécurisé. Sans vis à vis Un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon, avec matelas supplémentaire en cas de 5ème personne	Appartement 2 pièces (5 couchages) idéalement situé, metro a 2mn Apartment with 2 rooms: one bedroom with a double bed and a mattress and living room with sofa bed  Ideally located, metro 2 mn walk. You can reach every touristic site in few minutes
19238	Our place feels like a country house right in the heart of buzzing Paris. Once you're past the building door, you're in a different world: an old paved alleyway full of plants and trees. On spring and summer mornings you'll wake up to the sound of birds singing, and you’ll just step out to have coffee in our private flowery courtyard. On the ground floor, our living room has two sofas, one of which turns into a queensize bed. Here you'll find our TV (140 channels), Wifi, Playstation 4... Our open plan kitchen is fully equipped (gas hob, oven, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, filter coffee machine, Nespresso machine, blender for your fruit juices, baby highchair...). Upstairs, our bedroom has a double bed, and lots of room for your clothes in our homebuilt dressing. Our daughter's room has a crib (Stokke) for kids 0-2 y.o. and a changing table, but it also has a very comfortable king size sofabed. Finally, our bathroom is small but well designed, with a washing machine and a bathtub. We hav	Our apartment is a lovely duplex with a sunny private courtyard. It has a spacious living room and two comfortable bedrooms. A quiet haven in Belleville, a buzzing and typical neighbourhood in the heart of Paris, close to everything. Our place feels like a country house right in the heart of buzzing Paris. Once you're past the building door, you're in a different world: an old paved alleyway full of plants and trees. On spring and summer mornings you'll wake up to the sound of birds singing, and you’ll just step out to have coffee in our private flowery courtyard. On the ground floor, our living room has two sofas, one of which turns into a queensize bed. Here you'll find our TV (140 channels), Wifi, Playstation 4... Our open plan kitchen is fully equipped (gas hob, oven, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, filter coffee machine, Nespresso machine, blender for your fruit juices, baby highchair...). Upstairs, our bedroom has a double bed, and lots of room for your clothes in our homebuilt dres
19239	L'appartement est calme et lumineux et très bien situé pour visiter Paris. Il est équipé de tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour. Il se situe à 100m du métro Maraichers et des lignes de bus 26 64 et 57, et à 10mn à pied du RER Nation. A 10 minutes du Bois de Vincennes et de la Bastille.	Cet appartement familial de 80m2 (3 chambres) peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes. 1 chambre avec 1 lit double, 1 chambre avec 2 lits superposés et 1 lit bébé, 1 bureau avec 1 lit simple ou 1 lit double gonflable à la demande. L'appartement est calme et lumineux et très bien situé pour visiter Paris. Il est équipé de tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour. Il se situe à 100m du métro Maraichers et des lignes de bus 26 64 et 57, et à 10mn à pied du RER Nation. A 10 minutes du Bois de Vincennes et de la Bastille. Le quartier est vivant et familial. Vous trouverez toutes les commodités pour vous sentir bien, supermarchés, boulangeries, cafés, parcs...
19240	The apartment on the 1st floor, is situated in a raised, quiet street and gives on a small private small garden ! 2-room apartment. A shower-room / toilet. A kitchen (oven, induction cookers, refrigerator / freezer) and small place of relaxation. A separated including room with a big double bed (160x200 cm, new and very comfortable!) and a bed 1 person in mezzanine (120x190).	"It's a simple and quite appartment in the historical place of Belleville in the heart of paris .You arer near everything , bus , subway , restaurant , park , comestible , shopping , restaurant , bar , baker...a really pleasant place. The apartment on the 1st floor, is situated in a raised, quiet street and gives on a small private small garden ! 2-room apartment. A shower-room / toilet. A kitchen (oven, induction cookers, refrigerator / freezer) and small place of relaxation. A separated including room with a big double bed (160x200 cm, new and very comfortable!) and a bed 1 person in mezzanine (120x190). Easy and fast access (5min from the subway Pyrenees, line 11). Take the exit2 (street of Belleville), go up ""rue des Pyrénées"" then the 1st street on the right, the ""rue de la Mare"". The quarter is a real melting pot !  The apartment is situated in 5 min in feet of any businesses: typical bars, restaurants, bakeries, scoops, butcher's shops, cheese makers, pharmacy, steam-pressing; su"
19241	Very nice place, comfortable and fully fitted. Near the Père Lachaise, close to the Métro (line 2 and line 9). Very quiet. I speak Spanish fluently and I can read English. This appartment is available at any time of the year. One queen-size bed in the bedroom and one full-size sofa bed in the living room.	Joli deux pièces de 43m2 près du Père Lachaise, à 10 minutes à pied de la Place Gambetta, à 5 minutes du métro Alexandre Dumas et Maraïchers. Beau parquet en bois, cuisine américaine, totalement équipé, très calme. 1er étage. Very nice place, comfortable and fully fitted. Near the Père Lachaise, close to the Métro (line 2 and line 9). Very quiet. I speak Spanish fluently and I can read English. This appartment is available at any time of the year. One queen-size bed in the bedroom and one full-size sofa bed in the living room. Five minutes from the Porte de Bagnolet, in Paris, or 5 minute walk from Alexandre Dumas (Metro line 2) Je suis souvent disponible sur Paris pendant votre séjour, afin de répondre à vos questions ! I will usually be in Paris during your stay, in ex-husband's place situated 5 minutes from your place. I will be available very quickly. Quartier calme, pas bondé de touristes, près de Gambetta et Père Lachaise. Nice neighbourhood, not too touristy, with a lot of super
19242	La chambre pour bébé peut également accueillir deux adultes (lit 2 places). Berceau et lit parapluie à disposition.	Appartement tout équipé de 3 pièces principales comprenant deux chambres (dont une pour bébé), un salon, une salle de bain, une cuisine et des toilettes séparés. Métro et supermarché au pied de l'immeuble. Nombreux commerces. La chambre pour bébé peut également accueillir deux adultes (lit 2 places). Berceau et lit parapluie à disposition. Lignes 1, 2, 6, 9 et RER A à proximité. Métro Buzenval au pied de l'immeuble. Avron à 5 minutes, Nation à 10 minutes à pied.
19243	Cet appartement entièrement rénové cette année est spacieux, douillet et très lumineux. L’immeuble est petit et silencieux. L’ascenseur vous amènera au 2ème étage. En entrant vous découvrez la disposition en open space avec grandes fenêtres et petit balcon. Il donne sur une rue tranquille et laisse passer le soleil. Une cuisine moderne tout équipée avec bar vous accueille pour vos repas.  Le canapé du salon est convertible en couchage pour 2 personnes. La chambre double est confortable . Elle comprend un lit pour 2 personnes, un grand bureau, muni d’internet. La salle de bains dispose d’une baignoire. Le WC est séparé et muni d’un petit lavabo écologique. Pour le confort de tous, nous veillons à ne jamais fumer à l’intérieur de l’appartement. : merci de fumer sur le balcon!	Notre appartement de 42 m2 est spacieux, douillet et très lumineux. En entrant vous découvrez la disposition en open space avec grandes fenêtres et petit balcon. Il donne sur une rue tranquille et laisse passer le soleil. Cuisine moderne tout équipée Cet appartement entièrement rénové cette année est spacieux, douillet et très lumineux. L’immeuble est petit et silencieux. L’ascenseur vous amènera au 2ème étage. En entrant vous découvrez la disposition en open space avec grandes fenêtres et petit balcon. Il donne sur une rue tranquille et laisse passer le soleil. Une cuisine moderne tout équipée avec bar vous accueille pour vos repas.  Le canapé du salon est convertible en couchage pour 2 personnes. La chambre double est confortable . Elle comprend un lit pour 2 personnes, un grand bureau, muni d’internet. La salle de bains dispose d’une baignoire. Le WC est séparé et muni d’un petit lavabo écologique. Pour le confort de tous, nous veillons à ne jamais fumer à l’intérieur de l’apparteme
19244	Vous disposerez d’une banquette convertible en lit 2 personnes (matelas dunlopillo très confortable) et une grande armoire/penderie vide. Les drap et serviettes de toilette sont fournis, café et thé à votre disposition. Ici, pas de prise de tête, vous faites comme à la maison ! Vous aurez accès à votre guise à la cuisine équipée et à la machine à laver. Les toilettes et la salle de bains sont séparés. Un accès internet wifi sera à votre disposition, et vous pourrez accéder également à la télévision (TNT, bouquet Canal +, Beinsport, DVD/Blu-ray). L'immeuble est sécurisé avec 1 digicode et il y a un ascenseur. Horaires de check-in et check-out flexibles.	Chambre privée dans un charmant 3 pièces de 55m² (un salon + 2 chambres), dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris.  Vous disposerez d’une banquette convertible en lit 2 personnes (matelas dunlopillo très confortable) et une grande armoire/penderie vide. Les drap et serviettes de toilette sont fournis, café et thé à votre disposition. Ici, pas de prise de tête, vous faites comme à la maison ! Vous aurez accès à votre guise à la cuisine équipée et à la machine à laver. Les toilettes et la salle de bains sont séparés. Un accès internet wifi sera à votre disposition, et vous pourrez accéder également à la télévision (TNT, bouquet Canal +, Beinsport, DVD/Blu-ray). L'immeuble est sécurisé avec 1 digicode et il y a un ascenseur. Horaires de check-in et check-out flexibles. Pour ma part, je m’appelle Mathias, j’ai 30 ans, j’adore voyager et rencontrer de nouvelles personnes. Je me débrouille en anglais et en espagnol. J’ai des horaires de bureau en semaine, mais je serais ravi de partager un ver
19245	The apartment has a good size lounge and airy, with a small bathroom with shower and toilet, but still functional. The mix of old and modern amenities make all pleasant.	Paris 20eme, very bright 43m2 apartment on the fourth floor, without vis-à-vis. Cozy and functional, fully equipped kitchen open to the living room, a quiet room with a desk, the whole apartment overlooks a courtyard, no traffic noise. The apartment has a good size lounge and airy, with a small bathroom with shower and toilet, but still functional. The mix of old and modern amenities make all pleasant. You will have access to all the kitchen equipment, dishwasher, small appliances, as well as a washing machine, a copier printer-. And for fans, many comics! I'll try to be there to welcome you and give you the advice you need, and tourist information is available in the apartment. I will be available by mail or phone during your stay if needed. The area is popular, but very nice. some good places in the neighborhood like the bohemian worlds located next to rue des Vignoles, excellent fries Belgian stock, the bar scene popular fathers ... In summary, some good places to find, and easy acc
19246	Welcome to my very nice flat! It has one bedroom, one living room with sofa bed, bathroom and kitchen all equiped. Web access, television etc... 3rd floor with elevator, it also has a south facing balcony over a garden. We can hear the birds in the morning! The neighbourhoods is very safe and familial. Lots of shops, restaurants and bars around. And you're at 15mn by metro to the center of Paris... 	You'll be happy in this wonderful and spacy 2 bedrooms flat, calm and cosy. Windows and balcony over a garden.  It has all you need, and is situated in a very nice neighbourhood. It's very tipical from here and has all services. Don't hesitate! Welcome to my very nice flat! It has one bedroom, one living room with sofa bed, bathroom and kitchen all equiped. Web access, television etc... 3rd floor with elevator, it also has a south facing balcony over a garden. We can hear the birds in the morning! The neighbourhoods is very safe and familial. Lots of shops, restaurants and bars around. And you're at 15mn by metro to the center of Paris... You can access to all the city from here, with a large choice of transports.  You're close of one of the biggest parks of Paris, and in the middle of a young and animated place. All you need is here ;-) I'll normally be here we you arrive, so we can talk about what you need. Lots of advices and secrets about Paris to share with you! I'll receive you w
19247	Grand appartement, dans immeuble moderne (2009), Idéal pour famille en vacance à Paris. L'appartement est équipé et meublé dans un style contemporain et chaleureux. Une salle de bain est disponible avec baignoire et fenêtre. Dans l'appartement il y a deux chats frères et sœurs très très gentils et très propres. Dans cet appartement vous vous sentirez bien, avec les bénéfices de la terrasse véritable jardin dans Paris. Juste en bas de l'immeuble vous trouverez le fameux Mama Shelter décoré par Philippe Stark, un restaurant, bar et hôtel branché. Vous bénéficiez aussi du calme et du repos en plein Paris. A 7 min à pied du métro Gambetta, et 5 minutes du Père Lachaise.	Grand appartement, dans immeuble moderne (2009), Idéal pour famille en vacance à Paris. L'appartement est équipé et meublé dans un style contemporain et chaleureux. Une salle de bain est disponible avec baignoire et fenêtre. Dans l'appartement il y a deux chats frères et sœurs très très gentils et très propres. Dans cet appartement vous vous sentirez bien, avec les bénéfices de la terrasse véritable jardin dans Paris. Juste en bas de l'immeuble vous trouverez le fameux Mama Shelter décoré par Philippe Stark, un restaurant, bar et hôtel branché. Vous bénéficiez aussi du calme et du repos en plein Paris. A 7 min à pied du métro Gambetta, et 5 minutes du Père Lachaise. Internet TV Machine à Laver
19248	Il s'agit de mon studio que j'habite toute l'année et je le loue pendant mes vacances donc je souhaite que les voyageurs en prennent soin. C'est un studio de 23 m² avec un canapé lit confortable de 140cm, une partie cuisine avec frigo, four micro onde, grille pain et vaisselle. La salle de bain possède une baignoire.  Les draps et les serviettes peuvent être fournie. 	Il s'agit de mon studio que j'habite toute l'année et je le loue pendant mes vacances donc je souhaite que les voyageurs en prennent soin. C'est un studio de 23 m² avec un canapé lit confortable de 140cm, une partie cuisine avec frigo, four micro onde, grille pain et vaisselle. La salle de bain possède une baignoire.  Les draps et les serviettes peuvent être fournie. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout le studio avec les placards dans le coin cuisine mais il n'y a pas de placards pour ranger leurs affaires. Les autres placards contiennent mes affaires personnels donc merci de respecter mon intimité. Je ne serai pas présente donc il n'y aura pas beaucoup d'échange en directe mais je serai joignable par téléphone ou mail. Le quartier est assez calme et sécurisé. On peut rentrer le soir tard sans soucis. Il y a beaucoup de commerce: boulangerie, supermarché, marché (mercredi et samedi matin), traiteur, boucherie... et restaurants et bars.... Il y a pas mal de transports et ils sont assez pr
19249	"Ideal for 4 to 6 people, you can sleep up to seven-eight guests if wish but beware it would be tight so think about the size. ******* There is one room: the second ""room"" is the living room. Apartment situated on the 6th floor (with elevator) in the heart of the Belleville (email hidden)ly and popular area with many restaurants, cafes and shops. Sheets supplied. If you need it, we have towels for you.  ****** WIFI **** -Kitchen full equiped with: electric oven, hot plate with gaz and induction, dishwasher, blender, juicer, toaster, kettle… -The first room (bedroom) has a window facing a quit courtyard with: one double bed and one double airbed on the floor. -The second ""room"" (big living room) has a window facing the same courtyard, completely separate from the bedroom, with:  double sofa bed, double airbed, TV and a big table for 8 people. -Bathroom with bath and washing machine. -Separate toilet. ****** All conveniences in the street : transport: metro, bus, velib; and food: bellevil"	"Ideal for 4 to 6 people. Ideal for 4 to 6 people, you can sleep up to seven-eight guests if wish but beware it would be tight so think about the size. ******* There is one room: the second ""room"" is the living room. Apartment situated on the 6th floor (with elevator) in the heart of the Belleville (email hidden)ly and popular area with many restaurants, cafes and shops. Sheets supplied. If you need it, we have towels for you.  ****** WIFI **** -Kitchen full equiped with: electric oven, hot plate with gaz and induction, dishwasher, blender, juicer, toaster, kettle… -The first room (bedroom) has a window facing a quit courtyard with: one double bed and one double airbed on the floor. -The second ""room"" (big living room) has a window facing the same courtyard, completely separate from the bedroom, with:  double sofa bed, double airbed, TV and a big table for 8 people. -Bathroom with bath and washing machine. -Separate toilet. ****** All conveniences in the street : transport: metro, bus, "
19250	This is a charming, cosy and bright apartment renovated in 2012 in the trendy and artistic district of Ménilmontant. The room has a large bedroom and a beautiful wardrobe. - One bedroom with a big and comfortable double bed - One living room with a bed suitable for one person (where I sleep) - Equipped kitchen - Bathroom with a bath-up/shower - dining room with a large table - wifi and soundsystem I speak french, english and spanish.  Should you have questions or concerns, please contact me. I also love giving some tips about good places to go out in the neighborhood! The flat is ideally located in a very lively and artistic neighborhood of central Paris, with convenient access to metro stations and bus lines. The area is packed with bars, restaurants and concerts halls. It’s one of the trendy areas in Paris, very cosmopolitan and artistic. A lot of shops and supermarkets around, plus a bi-weekly farmers market (Tuesdays/Fridays) litteraly at the doorstep. Metro line 2 (1minute walking	This is a charming, cosy and bright apartment renovated in 2012 in the trendy and artistic district of Ménilmontant. The room has a large bedroom and a beautiful wardrobe. - One bedroom with a big and comfortable double bed - One living room with a bed suitable for one person (where I sleep) - Equipped kitchen - Bathroom with a bath-up/shower - dining room with a large table - wifi and soundsystem I speak french, english and spanish.  Should you have questions or concerns, please contact me. I also love giving some tips about good places to go out in the neighborhood! The flat is ideally located in a very lively and artistic neighborhood of central Paris, with convenient access to metro stations and bus lines. The area is packed with bars, restaurants and concerts halls. It’s one of the trendy areas in Paris, very cosmopolitan and artistic. A lot of shops and supermarkets around, plus a bi-weekly farmers market (Tuesdays/Fridays) litteraly at the doorstep. Metro line 2 (1minute walking
19251	Appartement de 55m2 Deux chambres indépendantes avec un lit deux places Une petite bibliothèque assez cool Un PC (si vous en avez besoin) Une grande armoire pour ranger vos affaires	Appartement équipé, calme et propre!  Proche du centre de Paris (15 minutes en métro) Si vous aimez le bon thé, café et la presse papier (ça peut jouer) Si vous voulez avoir des conseils cool pour un super séjour à Paris d'un néo-parisien! Appartement de 55m2 Deux chambres indépendantes avec un lit deux places Une petite bibliothèque assez cool Un PC (si vous en avez besoin) Une grande armoire pour ranger vos affaires Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement: les deux chambres, le Salon et la salle de bain!  L'appartement est dans le XXème arrondissement de Paris, proche des métros, tram et bus.  Hôtel de Ville à 15 minutes en métro avec la ligne 11! Si vous voulez des bons petits conseils pour découvrir la ville, je serai ravi de vous donner des conseils.. Je vous laisse également durant votre séjour mon Louis Vuitton City Guide et mon Wallpaper City Guide qui regorgent de bonnes adresses! On est dans le XXème arrondissement de Paris. Quartier populaire mais assez calme. On est à 10 minut
19252	The apartment is quiet located in a nice area.  You will find : - 1 large living room with 1 open kitchen, - 1 room with 1 double-size bed, - 1 bathroom with shower and toilet. The apartment is equiped with LED TV, Blu-ray player, unlimited wireless Internet , fully equiped kitchen. Also fresh linen, towels soaps and coffee are provided ! If you have any question, feel free to contact me. I sincerely hoy you will enjoy your stay :)	"The apartment is quiet located in a nice area.  You will find : - 1 large living room with 1 open kitchen, - 1 room with 1 double-size bed, - 1 bathroom with shower and toilet. The apartment is equiped with LED TV, Blu-ray player, unlimited wireless Internet , fully equiped kitchen. Also fresh linen, towels soaps and coffee are provided ! If you have any question, feel free to contact me. I sincerely hoy you will enjoy your stay :) You will have access to everything in my flat, i just ask that you respect my privacy by not going through my stuff :-). I'll always be reachable by phone and/or email. I'll always do the check-in with you so that we can meet in person and answer all your questions regarding the flat, the area or Paris. The neightbourhood is very peaceful. All sorts of shops are available all around the building (bakery, butcher, delicatessen, supermarket, fresh market...). You can also find a lot of bars and restaurants. My favorite restaurent is ""L'Usine de Charonne"", loca"
19253		Mezzanine, avec un lit deux places et un lit une place séparés par un rideau, très clair, Paris 20è, métro Jourdain( ligne11) + bus (26, 60, 96).
19254	L'appartement se trouve au 9ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble récent avec gardien. Il offre deux grands balcons qui vous permettront de profiter de la vue sur Paris d'un côté, sur le Bois de Vincennes et le Père-Lachaise de l'autre.  Il dispose de trois chambres séparées avec trois lits doubles, une salle de bain avec douche et baignoire, des toilettes séparées, une cuisine totalement équipée et un salon.	Chambre dans bel appartement de 4 pièces (85 m2) lumineux et avec beaucoup de charme situé au cœur du quartier Gambetta. Appartement décoré avec goût situé dans une rue très calme. L'appartement se trouve au 9ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble récent avec gardien. Il offre deux grands balcons qui vous permettront de profiter de la vue sur Paris d'un côté, sur le Bois de Vincennes et le Père-Lachaise de l'autre.  Il dispose de trois chambres séparées avec trois lits doubles, une salle de bain avec douche et baignoire, des toilettes séparées, une cuisine totalement équipée et un salon. Draps (les lits seront faits à votre arrivée) et serviettes de toilette propres fournis.  Cuisine avec micro-ondes, four, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, casseroles, assiettes, couverts, machine à café Nespresso.  Lave-linge, sèche-linge, fer et table à repasser également disponibles.  Accès Internet Wi-Fi et télévision. Nous nous ferons un plaisir de vous accueillir et vous conseiller dura
19255	le logement se compose d'un grand salon pouvant servir de chambre car un grand lit y est installé, d'une chambre enfant avec lit une place et des jouets et d'une chambre avec lit clic clac 2 places (160x200) de qualité donc confortable, fenêtre à double vitrage avec rideaux occultant pour des nuits tranquilles. l'immeuble est calme également. J'ai de quoi accueillir un bébé (lit pliant avec matelas, poussette chaise haute). Le logement est fonctionnel et sain, je suis dans une démarche écologique donc le ménage est fait avec des produits naturels, vous pouvez acheter vos fruits et légumes frais tous les mardis et vendredis au marché juste en bas, pour les magasins bio je peux vous en indiquer plusieurs. Je n'ai pas de télé ni de micro-onde mais pas d'inquiétude je ne m'éclaire pas encore à la bougie :) 	Apppartement confortable, propre et lumineuse avec vue sur la place Ménilmontant. Salle de bain avec douche, toilette séparé et cuisine toute équipée. Quartier populaire et festif typiquement parisien central et bien desservie.  le logement se compose d'un grand salon pouvant servir de chambre car un grand lit y est installé, d'une chambre enfant avec lit une place et des jouets et d'une chambre avec lit clic clac 2 places (160x200) de qualité donc confortable, fenêtre à double vitrage avec rideaux occultant pour des nuits tranquilles. l'immeuble est calme également. J'ai de quoi accueillir un bébé (lit pliant avec matelas, poussette chaise haute). Le logement est fonctionnel et sain, je suis dans une démarche écologique donc le ménage est fait avec des produits naturels, vous pouvez acheter vos fruits et légumes frais tous les mardis et vendredis au marché juste en bas, pour les magasins bio je peux vous en indiquer plusieurs. Je n'ai pas de télé ni de micro-onde mais pas d'inquiétude
19256		Ce grand et lumineux appartement, rénové en 2011, est situé au 8ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Moderne et calme. Il offre une grande terrasse avec vue spéctaculaire sur les monuments de Paris. Salle de bain avec Jacuzzi !
19257	Charmant appartement de 42m² lumineux, situé au 3ième étage avec ascenseur dans le 20ième arrondissement de Paris, pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. L’appartement est tout équipé, cuisine séparée (cuisinière, évier, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle, micro onde, cafetière, vaisselle, casseroles et poêles), équipée multimédia (tv, lecteur dvd, accès internet et téléphone), Le séjour est une pièce spacieuse et très agréable avec un coin salle à manger et coin salon. Salle de bain et WC séparés ainsi qu'une chambre. 	Charmant appartement de 42m² lumineux, situé au 3ième étage avec ascenseur dans le 20ième arrondissement de Paris, pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Bien situé proche du métro, 50 mètres. Charmant appartement de 42m² lumineux, situé au 3ième étage avec ascenseur dans le 20ième arrondissement de Paris, pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. L’appartement est tout équipé, cuisine séparée (cuisinière, évier, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle, micro onde, cafetière, vaisselle, casseroles et poêles), équipée multimédia (tv, lecteur dvd, accès internet et téléphone), Le séjour est une pièce spacieuse et très agréable avec un coin salle à manger et coin salon. Salle de bain et WC séparés ainsi qu'une chambre. Ils auront accès à tout l'appartement et les appareils disponibles.  A priori je ne pourrai être présent à ce moment là étant en déplacement. Néanmoins je prendrai soin de vous laisser à disposition toutes les informations nécessaires pour rendre votre séjour agréable : plan du métro, carte avec les 
19258	The two terraces offer great views of Paris; because it is situated at the top floor of a 7 storey building, it is very bright and quiet (no street nor night noise!) 	Ideally located in Gambetta (line 3) our spacious apartment has two terraces overlooking great views, is very bright and very calm (top floor of a very nice building with lift); shops and metro within walking distance. Great and quiet parisian area. The two terraces offer great views of Paris; because it is situated at the top floor of a 7 storey building, it is very bright and quiet (no street nor night noise!) All amenities such as cable tv, wireless internet. I speak english and spanish and i am used to travel a lot myself, so i will give all information and help needed to make your stay enjoyable and interesting; We ll be out the city but will remain very available to talk over the phone if you have any questions or need information to find your way around! Our neighbourhood is familiy friendly with great food shops and a cinema (5 minutes walk). It is very quiet even though all the parisian night life is 10 to 20 min away (Menilmontant rue Oberkampf 10/15 min walk (famous for pubs
19259	The apartment is bright, cozy, and quiet, with pretty furniture. It is well laid out, with no waste of space. It is located on the 5th and top floor of a traditional Parisian building from 1904 (no elevator).  Detailed list: - Open-plan small kitchen in the entrance (sink, stoves, combi-oven/microwave, washing machine, cupboards, windows in the ceiling) - Living room (1 sofa-bed, 1 convertible armchair, a sofa table, an extendable dinner table with 4 chairs, 1 big window);  - Bedroom (double bed, wardrobe, desk, 1 big window);  - Small bathroom (bathtub with shower, washbasin with a big mirror, toilet, window); - WIFI, internet cable, TV, international phone, stereo/HIFI radio with MP3 plug.	Cozy 35 m² (377 sq ft) apartment, with a lot of natural light. Well-furnished and functional, it is ideal for a romantic escape in Paris. You will love the neighborhood near Le-Père-La-Chaise. A real village in the City! =>Special Discount in April. The apartment is bright, cozy, and quiet, with pretty furniture. It is well laid out, with no waste of space. It is located on the 5th and top floor of a traditional Parisian building from 1904 (no elevator).  Detailed list: - Open-plan small kitchen in the entrance (sink, stoves, combi-oven/microwave, washing machine, cupboards, windows in the ceiling) - Living room (1 sofa-bed, 1 convertible armchair, a sofa table, an extendable dinner table with 4 chairs, 1 big window);  - Bedroom (double bed, wardrobe, desk, 1 big window);  - Small bathroom (bathtub with shower, washbasin with a big mirror, toilet, window); - WIFI, internet cable, TV, international phone, stereo/HIFI radio with MP3 plug. The whole apartment is available to guests throug
19260		BEAU BALCON APPARTEMENT CLAIR ET ENSOLEILLE PRES DE NATION, PERE LACHAISE, MENILMONTANT QUARTIER ARTISTE. TOUTES LES COMMODITES POUR LES TRANSPORTS METRO. RER. BUS
19261	Enjoy the parisian lifestyle at our place!  Our apartment is located on the Rue des Pyrénées, near Ménilmontant, walking distance from Gambetta Metro Station, the Père Lachaise Graveyard and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Bakery, butcher… you’ll find them all around the place. We also have a cinema close-by, as well as a few concert venues, a live theater and, of course, several restaurants fit for any budget… or taste :) You’ll be installed in a quiet room with a comfy bed on a wooden mezzanine in a lovely apartment. We can also accommodate two more people on our sofa bed.  You’ll enjoy the rest of the place as well, from the living room to the kitchen (fully equiped: dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave…) and our library (some books and comics are in English). Needless to say, you will have access to Internet, whether you prefer wifi or ethernet.  Bedsheets and towels will be be supplied.  We’ll be able to advise you if you need any information about the city.  We live with a 	Enjoy the parisian lifestyle at our place!  Our apartment is located on the Rue des Pyrénées, near Ménilmontant, walking distance from Gambetta Metro Station, the Père Lachaise Graveyard and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Bakery, butcher… you’ll find them all around the place. We also have a cinema close-by, as well as a few concert venues, a live theater and, of course, several restaurants fit for any budget… or taste :) You’ll be installed in a quiet room with a comfy bed on a wooden mezzanine in a lovely apartment. We can also accommodate two more people on our sofa bed.  You’ll enjoy the rest of the place as well, from the living room to the kitchen (fully equiped: dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave…) and our library (some books and comics are in English). Needless to say, you will have access to Internet, whether you prefer wifi or ethernet.  Bedsheets and towels will be be supplied.  We’ll be able to advise you if you need any information about the city.  We live with a 
19262		A louer  à la semaine ou au mois Chambre Studio 2 personnes (35m2). Clair et ensoleillé; WC/SDB séparée Coin cuisine équipée. 500m des transports 
19263	Quiet and nice little flat (28m2) with two rooms (Kitchen and bedroom) and a bathroom too.  All in the Kitchen to prepare a nice breakfast or a dinner.  Free Wifi.  In the morning, you can ear birds, like if you were in the countryside.  If you stay for a few days, a laundrary is accross the courtyard of the building.	"I like this flat because it's a typical parisian ""Garçonnière"", at 4th floor.  Through the window, you can see the roots of Paris, there's a nice fireplace too. The perfect flat to have a everyday little quiet pause after a day visiting the capital! Quiet and nice little flat (28m2) with two rooms (Kitchen and bedroom) and a bathroom too.  All in the Kitchen to prepare a nice breakfast or a dinner.  Free Wifi.  In the morning, you can ear birds, like if you were in the countryside.  If you stay for a few days, a laundrary is accross the courtyard of the building. All access : Kitchen, Bedroom and Bathroom. By email. The flat is near ""Parc de Belleville"". A splendid point of vue 5mn by foot at ""Belvédère du Parc de Belleville"".  10 -15 mn by foot, another Parc : Les Buttes Chaumont.  And Cimetière du Père Lachaise.  A lot of coffees and restaurants in this area : ""Le Zéphyr"", ""Le O'Paris"", ""Le Petit Vingtième"", ""Le Faitout"".  And Artists Studios too, the famous ""Belleville Artists Studi"
19264	"Studio flat quiet with mod cons near « Père Lachaise » cemetery ; métro station Gambetta, many buses around. Many restaurants, shops, cafés, bookshops, concert places (la bellevilloise, la maroquinerie, le studio 104, la flèche d’or). Walking distance to Bastille, le Marais, le canal Saint-Martin, la place de la République. Lovely place of East Paris, perfect area to stay in the real Paris still alive ! One bed person (there is also a folding bed : futon). you are welcome-see you soon Nathalie ps : ""street view "" show you road works ahead , but dont worry my flat is located on the other side , my window on a little street near cimentary (rue ramus) very quiet !!!!"	"Studio flat quiet with mod cons near « Père Lachaise » cemetery ; métro station Gambetta, many buses around. Many restaurants, shops, cafés, bookshops, concert places (la bellevilloise, la maroquinerie, le studio 104, la flèche d’or). Walking distance to Bastille, le Marais, le canal Saint-Martin, la place de la République. Lovely place of East Paris, perfect area to stay in the real Paris still alive ! One bed person (there is also a folding bed : futon). you are welcome-see you soon Nathalie ps : ""street view "" show you road works ahead , but dont worry my flat is located on the other side , my window on a little street near cimentary (rue ramus) very quiet !!!!"
19265	L'appartement est situé près d'un célèbre quartier: le Père lachaise. Une chambre pour vous acceuillir avec un grand lit pour bien dormir. Machine à laver, salle de bains TV .... Un quartier sympa avec un accès a 2 lignes de métro ( 3 et 2) pour se rendre rapidement dans le centre de paris Vous pourrez rejoindre rapidement les quartiers de l'Opéra et l'Arc de triomphe et bien d'autre sites. The apartment is located in a popular district of paris: Père Lachaise. metro station is nearby. Ligne 2 and3 A king size bed is ready to welcome you! Its easy to reach Famous places like Opéra, Arc de triomphe....and many other places	L'appartement est situé près d'un célèbre quartier: le Père lachaise. Une chambre pour vous acceuillir avec un grand lit pour bien dormir. The apartment is located in a popular district of paris: Père Lachaise. metro station is nearby. Ligne 2 and3 A king size bed is ready to welcome you! L'appartement est situé près d'un célèbre quartier: le Père lachaise. Une chambre pour vous acceuillir avec un grand lit pour bien dormir. Machine à laver, salle de bains TV .... Un quartier sympa avec un accès a 2 lignes de métro ( 3 et 2) pour se rendre rapidement dans le centre de paris Vous pourrez rejoindre rapidement les quartiers de l'Opéra et l'Arc de triomphe et bien d'autre sites. The apartment is located in a popular district of paris: Père Lachaise. metro station is nearby. Ligne 2 and3 A king size bed is ready to welcome you! Its easy to reach Famous places like Opéra, Arc de triomphe....and many other places Quartier commercant, transport à proximité. Ligne 2 et 3 du métro, station Père 
19266	This is a really beautiful 62 m2 (667.3 ft2 ) duplex with mezzanine. you are minutes away from Père-Lachaise, Oberkampf,  Ménilmontant, Buttes-Chaumont park etc.... it has the Easiest access to and from CGD. For the same price you will find half the surface.  (If I may, feel free to check by yourself.) it's a quiet apartment, On three levels with a little private garden in front. It has, Cable TV Internet Free phone to Landlines Microwave brand new Laundry machine fridge etc...	A few steps from Père Lachaise, in a garden at the heart of Ménilmontant, you will be staying across Maurice Chevalier birth place and cinematographer Rene Ferret's last place. The neighbourhood is full of lovely shops, artists & venues of all sorts This is a really beautiful 62 m2 (667.3 ft2 ) duplex with mezzanine. you are minutes away from Père-Lachaise, Oberkampf,  Ménilmontant, Buttes-Chaumont park etc.... it has the Easiest access to and from CGD. For the same price you will find half the surface.  (If I may, feel free to check by yourself.) it's a quiet apartment, On three levels with a little private garden in front. It has, Cable TV Internet Free phone to Landlines Microwave brand new Laundry machine fridge etc... everywhere. one of us will be there to deliver the keys and answer to your questions. We will be available on the phone for any question you may have, any recommendation, advice or help you may need.  We travel a lot and respectfully interacting with fellow human bei
19267	Cet appartement ancien typiquement parisien est entièrement rénové. Ses moulures, son parquet ancien, sa cheminée d'époque et ses grandes fenêtres font son charme. Lumineux et fonctionnel, il dispose d'une grande salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, d'une cuisine avec four, frigo et plaques vitrocéramiques. Le lit est un convertible haut de gamme d'un grand confort (épaisseur matelas 15 cm). La surface est de 25 m2. 	Très beau studio ancien rénové de 25m2 et donnant sur cour. Au coeur du quartier animé et cosmopolite de Menilmontant - Oberkampf, venez profiter de l'émulation du 11ème arrondissement: petits bars et restos, ateliers d'artistes, parcs, etc Cet appartement ancien typiquement parisien est entièrement rénové. Ses moulures, son parquet ancien, sa cheminée d'époque et ses grandes fenêtres font son charme. Lumineux et fonctionnel, il dispose d'une grande salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, d'une cuisine avec four, frigo et plaques vitrocéramiques. Le lit est un convertible haut de gamme d'un grand confort (épaisseur matelas 15 cm). La surface est de 25 m2. Je me tiens à votre disposition pour toutes vos questions concernant les caractéristiques du logement, la vie du quartier, les bonnes adresses, etc. L'appartement se situe au coeur d'un quartier animé du 11eme arrondissement, où l'on trouve une multitude de petits bars et restos (originaux aux prix raisonnables), des ateliers
19268	Gambetta is a quarter on a hill. From the 4th floor, from the window you have a nice and open view on Paris, you can see big trees, and beautiful sunsets... If you sit on the sofa bed you can have sunlight. But sometimes it's raining...	Gambetta is a traditional and lively quarter : small shops, the beautiful and famous cemetery of Père Lachaise which is like a park  and at the same time cool places, bars, concerts' places. 15 squared, very sunny, 4th floor without elevator, view. Gambetta is a quarter on a hill. From the 4th floor, from the window you have a nice and open view on Paris, you can see big trees, and beautiful sunsets... If you sit on the sofa bed you can have sunlight. But sometimes it's raining... All the studio is for you. We'll meet you on site (Christine, Vanya or Mahmoud) and we'll indicate to you the right and good places to do your shopping, have a drink, go to the famous places in Paris... We are living in Bastille - Le Marais (not faraway - 15 minutes by bus) and will be glad to help you or give you furthermore informations if you need. You can have a drink on the Matin Nadaud's square, just closed to the house or in one of the bars of the quarter, or 15 minutes on foot in the cool and cosmopol
19269	It is a bright and recently renovated appartement in a calm street.	Renovated appartement in the Ménilmontant neighborhood. Fully equipped and recently renovated.
19270		T2 de 35m2, totalement équipé (lave-linge, micro-ondes et four, écran plat, Internet, lecteur DVD), vous serez autonomes dans cet appartement situé à l'est de Paris. Desservi par plusieurs mode de transport et à proximité des sites parisiens à voir.
19271	The apartment is located on the fourth floor, without elevator. Old-style parquet, fireplace and the ceiling mouldings, make it a charming and cozy place.  The kitchen and the bathroom may be small but they are quite functional.  The building is located in a quiet street in which it is quite simple to park. 	The apartment is located on the fourth floor, without elevator. Old-style parquet, fireplace and the ceiling mouldings, make it a charming and cozy place.  The kitchen and the bathroom may be small but they are quite functional.  The building is located in a quiet street in which it is quite simple to park. Travelers will have access to wifi hotspot, all equipment of the apartment, as electrical and electronic (hi-fi, turntable...). As I live in Paris, and this neighborhood for a long time, I could specify you both tourist places and preserved places, to party or relax ... The twentieth arrondissement is a lively and animated neighborhood. The apartment is located in  Gambetta (metro station), close to night-living and festive areas as Belleville and Ménilmontant.  Just a few minutes walk from the apartment, you can visit the cemetery of Le père lachaise or the park of Les buttes chaumont. With eight minutes of metro ride, there are the Place de la Republique and the Saint-Martin canal
19272	Bright and roomy, our flat is very pleasant to live in. The modern decoration, plants and our 2 adorable cats will seduce you for sure !	77m2 crossing apartment and very bright. Large living-room/dining room of 45m2 !  Fully equipped american kitchen with central island (fridge, oven, washing machine, dishwasher). 2 bedrooms, 1 of which is to rent 11m2. Bathroom, separate toilet. Bright and roomy, our flat is very pleasant to live in. The modern decoration, plants and our 2 adorable cats will seduce you for sure ! Guests can access the whole apartment, apart from 1 bedroom. Jourdain / Place des Fêtes district Very pleasant, calm and popular Shopping, market twice a week with fresh products (meat, fruits, vegetables) Bus stop and subway station (line 11 - paris city center hôtel de ville in 15min) accross the street.
19273	- living room/kitchen : fully furnished, the living room is separated from the kitchen by a bar (kitchen : fridge, hot plates, oven, dishes).  - bedroom : 140x190 cm double bed. Duvet, pillows, sheets and towels are provided. 	Nice fully furnished apartment of 28 square meters, next to the famous Père Lachaise cementery.  Apartment of 2 rooms (living room/kitchen and bedroom), 4th floor (without elevator), gives onto a large courtyard. Quiet. - living room/kitchen : fully furnished, the living room is separated from the kitchen by a bar (kitchen : fridge, hot plates, oven, dishes).  - bedroom : 140x190 cm double bed. Duvet, pillows, sheets and towels are provided. - The condiments (olive oil, vinegar, etc.) are provided to cook.  - Internet Wifi unlimited. I let at your disposal a list of nice places (bars, restaurants, brunch, etc.) according to your tastes, as well as maps of Paris.  If our dates match, I will meet you. If no, a friend of mine will meet you, will stay reachable and can come in the event of a problem.   Next to the famous Père Lachaise cementery. Nice and quiet area.  Several supermarkets ans various shops (bakery, cheese shop, wine shop, drugstore, etc.) aroud the apartment. Alimentary mar
19274	Located in the 2nd floor of a 19th century building (no elevator). 1 bedroom with a comfortable bed for two and a dressing table. Spatious living room with HD TV, cable (CANAL+) Wifi. The living room also has a convertible couch that can fit two people and a big table that can accomodate 6 people.  Kitchen fully equiped (oven, microwave, toaster, big fridge-freezer and washing machine) A nice bathroom with an Italian shower and a separate toilet. Linens and towels provided. The appartment has double glazing in every window.	"'  Metro (500m) L2 Alexandre Dumas \ n  Bus (1min) \ ""Reunion \"" \ n  * From L76 to Bagnolet Louvre Rivoli \ n  Bus (1min) \ ""Pyrénées-Bagnolet \"" \ n  * L64 from Gambetta to Place d \ Italy \ n  * L26 from Nation to Saint Lazare  '"
19275	Studio of 25m ² furnished with equipped cooking kitchen for 4 people. Design and modern Decoration, equipped cooking kitchen (refrigerator, microwave, electric patches), sleepings around for 4 persons (2 sofa bed), Italian-style shower, towels and sheets supplied. Situated in Paris 20e arrondissement, in 2min in feet of the subway. Any stores in 2min in feet (food, tobacco, bank, McDonald, restaurants etc.) Rent for a night: 80€ Rent for a week: 500€ 	Studio of 25m ² furnished with equipped cooking kitchen for 4 people. Design and modern Decoration, equipped cooking kitchen (refrigerator, microwave, electric patches), sleepings around for 4 persons (2 sofa bed), Italian-style shower, towels and sheets supplied. Situated in Paris 20e arrondissement, in 2min in feet of the subway. Any stores in 2min in feet (food, tobacco, bank, McDonald, restaurants etc.) Rent for a night: 80€ Rent for a week: 500€ 
19276	Deux jolies chambres côte à côte dans un appartement ancien typiquement parisien, chacune un lit une place et des rangements. Le lit une place peut être occupé par deux personnes si elles le désir. Two lovely rooms in a typical Parisian apartment, each a single bed and storage space. One single bed can be occupied by two people if they want to.	"Deux jolies chambres côte à côte dans un appartement ancien typiquement parisien, chacune un lit une place et des rangements. Le lit une place peut être occupé par deux personnes si elles le désir. Two lovely rooms in a typical Parisian apartment, each a single bed and storage space. One single bed can be occupied by two people if they want to. cuisine équipée, grande salle de bains commune. Je vis et travail à l'étage, je suis donc souvent présente. kitchen, large shared bathroom. I live and work on the floor, so I'm often present. Je serai là pour accueillir et conseiller les voyageurs. I'll be there to welcome and advise travelers. Super quartier! Familial et commerçant, populaire et bobo, vivant, fromagers et boulangers y côtoient les restaurants indiens et chinois. Bistros et brasseries à tous les coins de rue. À deux pas du parc des Butte-Chaumont.   Great neighborhood! Family and commercial, popular and ""bobo"" (trendy lefty), animated, bakers and cheesemakers rub shoulders with "
19277	"I rent my big sunny room ! We're living in a charming flat, made up of a huge livingroom, a full fitted-out kitchen, two rooms, bathroom and toilet. The flat is really nice. You can use everything in there. We tried to find out the best ways to make it comfortable. Luminous, quiet and cosy. You can use the bathroom and the full fitted-out kitchen as you want to. Bathroom and toilets are separated.  King size bed. Some plants on the balcony in free access to cook I will be there to welcome you and introduce you to the most interesting places around the flat. If you have more questions during your trip, don't hesitate to write me. Ménilmontant is one of the most beautiful place in Paris. The neighbourhood is calm and some places around ""Jourdain"" and ""Pyrénées"" look like a typical french village. ""Ménilmontant"" and ""Belleville"" are cosmopolite and you can stay in bars all night long there. With the subway you can easily go to Chatelet in 15 minutes, to see the Rivoli Street, the Beaubour"	"Vacant room in a shared-flat with a friend. Big, white, sunny and cosy flat.  In an authentic and young neighbourhood.  Nice parcs and cafés, secret promenades, museum and street art. Perfect place to live in summer. I rent my big sunny room ! We're living in a charming flat, made up of a huge livingroom, a full fitted-out kitchen, two rooms, bathroom and toilet. The flat is really nice. You can use everything in there. We tried to find out the best ways to make it comfortable. Luminous, quiet and cosy. You can use the bathroom and the full fitted-out kitchen as you want to. Bathroom and toilets are separated.  King size bed. Some plants on the balcony in free access to cook I will be there to welcome you and introduce you to the most interesting places around the flat. If you have more questions during your trip, don't hesitate to write me. Ménilmontant is one of the most beautiful place in Paris. The neighbourhood is calm and some places around ""Jourdain"" and ""Pyrénées"" look like a t"
19278	Véritable maison dans Paris avec accès privatisé sur la rue. La grande terrasse permet de ce retrouver au calme, dans un petit nid douillet de verdure et de soleil. Relaxation assurée. A 5minutes du Cimetière du Père Lachaise (20ème arrondissement). 80m2, pouvant accueillir d'1 à 4 personnes. Une vraie maison d'un étage au coeur de la vie parisienne, située dans un quartier populaire très vivant. A proximité de nombreux magasins, restaurants, salles de concerts (La Bellevilloise, La Maroquinerie), Théâtres (Théâtre de la Colline, TEP), Cinéma 5 écrans. Sur le trottoir d'en face, un marché de produits frais se tient tous les mercredi et samedi matins. Très proche du Métro Gambetta (Ligne 3), de la nouvelle ligne de tram T3, de plusieurs lignes de bus et de nombreuses stations Vélib' (vélos).A environ (métro) 25' de la Gare de Lyon, 35' de la Gare Montparnasse, 20' des Gares de L'Est et du Nord. Trajet de l'aeroport d'Orly (55') et Roissy 1h en cours de journée (20' sans trafic) Maison a	Maison de charme avec grande terrasse au coeur de paris. Charming house with large terrace in the heart of paris. Véritable maison dans Paris avec accès privatisé sur la rue. La grande terrasse permet de ce retrouver au calme, dans un petit nid douillet de verdure et de soleil. Relaxation assurée. A 5minutes du Cimetière du Père Lachaise (20ème arrondissement). 80m2, pouvant accueillir d'1 à 4 personnes. Une vraie maison d'un étage au coeur de la vie parisienne, située dans un quartier populaire très vivant. A proximité de nombreux magasins, restaurants, salles de concerts (La Bellevilloise, La Maroquinerie), Théâtres (Théâtre de la Colline, TEP), Cinéma 5 écrans. Sur le trottoir d'en face, un marché de produits frais se tient tous les mercredi et samedi matins. Très proche du Métro Gambetta (Ligne 3), de la nouvelle ligne de tram T3, de plusieurs lignes de bus et de nombreuses stations Vélib' (vélos).A environ (métro) 25' de la Gare de Lyon, 35' de la Gare Montparnasse, 20' des Gares 
19279	Appartement de 68 m2, composé de deux pièces  comprenant : un grand salon avec un grand Lit de 160cm et une méridienne. Une grande chambre avec un lit deux places avec des jeux pour enfant. (Idéale pour couple). Une cuisine bien équipée (machine a laver et plaque de cuissons...). Et un salle de bain avec baignoire. Ainsi que : Télévision / wi-fi / DVDs. 	Je propose mon appartement T2 de 68m2 paris centre. Il est tout équipé (wifi) et tout pour y sentir bien. Il comprenant une chambre et un salon et peut accueillir 4 personnes. idéal pour couple avec enfant. Proche Métro, dans un quartier commerçant.  Appartement de 68 m2, composé de deux pièces  comprenant : un grand salon avec un grand Lit de 160cm et une méridienne. Une grande chambre avec un lit deux places avec des jeux pour enfant. (Idéale pour couple). Une cuisine bien équipée (machine a laver et plaque de cuissons...). Et un salle de bain avec baignoire. Ainsi que : Télévision / wi-fi / DVDs. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Je suis là pour accueillir les voyageurs, leur présenter la maison ( électroménager ...) et répondre aux questions sur le quartier. Je reviens pour leur départ et la restitution des clés, et pour savoir si tout s'est bien passé. Un quartier calme, agréable. Nombreux commerces (Le fameux marché de la place de la Réunion ) Ainsi plusieurs restaura
19280		Spacious studio apartment with terrace (30 m² + 7 m²) close to Pere Lachaise and Buttes Chaumont, 10 minutes metro from center of Paris. This studio is fully equipped (washing machine, double bed, wifi, etc...) in a modern building with big elevator. Very quiet and residential neighborhood well connected by public transport. Metro Line 3 is a 2 min walk from the apartment and many bus lines available too. 10 min metro ride away from center of Paris.
19281		Je propose une chambre propre et spacieuse tv ecran plat chauffage acces à la cuisine pour preparer ses repas ,dans une famille discrete de 2 personnes et un enfant .on aime le partage et l'échange et recevoir...au plaisir de vous accueillir... Cuisine , salle de bain, lave linge et séjour. proximité du métro pour se déplacer facilement a Paris. Ligne 2 métro Ménilmontant.
19282	Once you enter the appartment, the living room is on your left, leading to the bedroom, while the kitchen and lavatories are on your right. Both the living room and the bedroom are opened on the building's court, directed south, whereas the kitchen has a view on the rooftops, directed east.	We moved in last year, and have since tried our best to make the flat match our personnalities, decorating it day after day. We love to receive friends and nest in it. By entering our home, you will be one step closer to being Parisians. Once you enter the appartment, the living room is on your left, leading to the bedroom, while the kitchen and lavatories are on your right. Both the living room and the bedroom are opened on the building's court, directed south, whereas the kitchen has a view on the rooftops, directed east. You can join us by email or phone. We live in a folksy and lively neighbourhood, a few blocks from Nation, Boulevard de Charonne, and a few more pricier and boho attractions. The market rue de la Réunion is one of the cheapest (and yet good quality) in Paris. Maraichers (Line 9), is just around the corner. To take the metro line 1, you just need to go down the Rue des Pyrénées for 300m and arrive at Château de Vincennes. You will also find buses (26, 64, 57) and the
19283	Ce deux pièces douillet, est typique du quartier. Il peut accueillir confortablement une famille de quatres personnes. Ce deux pièces douillet, est typique du quartier. Il peut accueillir confortablement deux couples ou une famille de quatres personnes. Au coeur de menilmontant, quartier artiste/bobo, vous pourrez prendre l'air du père Lachaise, du parc des Buttes-Chaumont ou du côté très commerçant. WiFi, TV, Four, Micro-onde, Frigo, Machine a laver, Cafetière Dolce Gusto, Vaisselle, Sèche cheveux, Jeux de société, Rangements, Serviettes et Nécessaire de lit pour 2x2. Parking sous terrain disponible à 800m ( 10€/j ) Je tiens le restaurant a 100m, je suis très disponible, et par téléphone. Métro ligne 3 Gambetta Métro ligne 2 Menilmontant  Métro ligne 11 Jourdain Bus 26 Bus 96 Suite à de mauvaises surprises après une sortie des lieux non contrôlée, une caution vous est désormais demandée par le site. En cas de salubrité/dégradation cette caution pourra être utilisée pour les frais de m	Ce deux pièces douillet, est typique du quartier. Il peut accueillir confortablement une famille de quatres personnes. Ce deux pièces douillet, est typique du quartier. Il peut accueillir confortablement deux couples ou une famille de quatres personnes. Au coeur de menilmontant, quartier artiste/bobo, vous pourrez prendre l'air du père Lachaise, du parc des Buttes-Chaumont ou du côté très commerçant. WiFi, TV, Four, Micro-onde, Frigo, Machine a laver, Cafetière Dolce Gusto, Vaisselle, Sèche cheveux, Jeux de société, Rangements, Serviettes et Nécessaire de lit pour 2x2. Parking sous terrain disponible à 800m ( 10€/j ) Je tiens le restaurant a 100m, je suis très disponible, et par téléphone. Métro ligne 3 Gambetta Métro ligne 2 Menilmontant  Métro ligne 11 Jourdain Bus 26 Bus 96 Suite à de mauvaises surprises après une sortie des lieux non contrôlée, une caution vous est désormais demandée par le site. En cas de salubrité/dégradation cette caution pourra être utilisée pour les frais de m
19284		Dans colocation sympa et accueillante, grande chambre dans appart 4 pièces avec possibilité d'accueillir 2 personnes. Le reste de l'appartement est bien sur utilisable ! Situé à l'est de Paris, métro et tram à proximité. Tout l'appartement Pas présent
19285	The large windows, the industrial design, the calm of the terrass and the garden mean quite a rare spot for Paris Intra-muros. Extremely sunny,with 5 real separate bedrooms, 3 double beds,  4 single beds, our loft will make your journey in Paris unforgettable. Access to all our HiFi, TV and Wifi,  Internet, to the all equipped kitchen including café machine for the morning. We exchange regularly via Airbnb website, then via  SMS or cell phone for your arrival or any questions when you are there. Our typical parisian neighbourhood is full of grocery, shops with fresh market during the week end. 5' from Père Lachaise, close to la Bastille, Buttes Chaumont, Canal St Martin , our loft is 7' from du metro station with direct connexions to all the main attractions and monuments. 40 min from Gare du Nord by Metro, 20 min by Cab, 30 min from Roissy Charles de Gaulle by Taxi, a public Parking  24/7 is  7' walk from our apartment. We can have some flexibility depending on your arrival time. For 	The large windows, the industrial design, the calm of the terrass and the garden mean quite a rare spot for Paris Intra-muros. Extremely sunny,with 5 real separate bedrooms, 3 double beds,  4 single beds, our loft will make your journey in Paris unforgettable. Access to all our HiFi, TV and Wifi,  Internet, to the all equipped kitchen including café machine for the morning. We exchange regularly via Airbnb website, then via  SMS or cell phone for your arrival or any questions when you are there. Our typical parisian neighbourhood is full of grocery, shops with fresh market during the week end. 5' from Père Lachaise, close to la Bastille, Buttes Chaumont, Canal St Martin , our loft is 7' from du metro station with direct connexions to all the main attractions and monuments. 40 min from Gare du Nord by Metro, 20 min by Cab, 30 min from Roissy Charles de Gaulle by Taxi, a public Parking  24/7 is  7' walk from our apartment. We can have some flexibility depending on your arrival time. For 
19286	Welcome in my home The apartment: 33 m2 redone 3 years ago by an architect and fitted out since by myself. The apartment is fully equipped: washing machine, oven, dishwasher, TV, dvd player (and dvds), internet, radio, hi-fi system. A room with closet and a double bed, and a bigger bright room for the day. A warm apartment, very calm, directed on court with trees! There is even a garden in the co-ownership where you can enjoy the sun. Many books, french and english to. It's a two people appartement but the couch is a good bed for a child without the pillows.   For more than two weeks, we can discuss the price.  ( The street view on airbnb is not always the good one, please check on google maps) The district: close, of the street Oberkampf, the Bellevilloise, different parcs, and at 5 minutes of Belleville, Ménilmontant is one of district the most alive and warm of Paris. It's a perfect place to enjoy tourism during the day and come back for good restaurants and bars for the evening or 	Welcome in my home The apartment: 33 m2 redone 1 year ago by an architect and fitted out since by myself.  Welcome in my home The apartment: 33 m2 redone 3 years ago by an architect and fitted out since by myself. The apartment is fully equipped: washing machine, oven, dishwasher, TV, dvd player (and dvds), internet, radio, hi-fi system. A room with closet and a double bed, and a bigger bright room for the day. A warm apartment, very calm, directed on court with trees! There is even a garden in the co-ownership where you can enjoy the sun. Many books, french and english to. It's a two people appartement but the couch is a good bed for a child without the pillows.   For more than two weeks, we can discuss the price.  ( The street view on airbnb is not always the good one, please check on google maps) The district: close, of the street Oberkampf, the Bellevilloise, different parcs, and at 5 minutes of Belleville, Ménilmontant is one of district the most alive and warm of Paris. It's a pe
19287	Charmant et confortable 2 pièces. Calme et très lumineux, toutes commodités. Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Il se compose d'une entrée, d'une pièce de vie, d'une chambre avec un large lit double, d'une cuisine équipée séparée, et d'une salle de bain avec douche et wc. En période estivale, juillet-septembre réservation minimum de 4 nuits.	Très joli appartement, 35m2 idéalement situé au coeur du 20e arrondissement, entre Père Lachaise et Buttes Chaumont.  Calme et très lumineux. A 2 pas des transports en communs, métro et bus. Quartier vivant et chaleureux, très agréable à vivre. Charmant et confortable 2 pièces. Calme et très lumineux, toutes commodités. Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Il se compose d'une entrée, d'une pièce de vie, d'une chambre avec un large lit double, d'une cuisine équipée séparée, et d'une salle de bain avec douche et wc. En période estivale, juillet-septembre réservation minimum de 4 nuits. Internet wifi Machine à laver Réfrigérateur-Congélateur TV/DVD Linge de maison: draps, serviettes et torchons. Je parle allemand et anglais. Vous êtes les bienvenus et je serai ravie, en vous accueillant de partager quelques conseils et bons plans pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible ! Le quartier est vivant, très chaleureux et convivial.  Tout à fait serein. On y trouve tous les commerces. Tout proc
19288	Logement propre et cosy, spacieux et lumineux pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes, au 4ème étage d'un immeuble avec gardien. Situé à proximité de commerces, restaurants, métro, place du marché. Cosy place, with a lot of space and light, ideal for 2 people or less. The apartment is secured thank to a doorman and near to restaurants, supermarket and (website hidden) Internet Cuisine (bouilloire, cuiseur vapeur, grille pain...) Machine à laver Quartier familial, très agréable avec un parc pour enfants et une place qui reçoit le marché Mardi, Vendredi et Dimanche, à deux pas des Buttes Chaumont. Very nice area where every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday you can go to the market in front of the apartment. 10 minute walk to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Bus et Métro à 1 minute à pied du logement, accès par vélib également.  1 minute walk to the underground, bus and vélib Langues parlées: Anglais et Espagnol Languages: French, English and Spanish Idiomas: Francès, Inglès y Espanol	Appartement cosy, neuf, très bien situé (10 min de République, 15 min de Châtelet. 1 min à pied du métro avec le marché tous les Mardis, Vendredis et dimanches.  Une chambre à louer :) Quartier familial! Logement propre et cosy, spacieux et lumineux pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes, au 4ème étage d'un immeuble avec gardien. Situé à proximité de commerces, restaurants, métro, place du marché. Cosy place, with a lot of space and light, ideal for 2 people or less. The apartment is secured thank to a doorman and near to restaurants, supermarket and (website hidden) Internet Cuisine (bouilloire, cuiseur vapeur, grille pain...) Machine à laver Quartier familial, très agréable avec un parc pour enfants et une place qui reçoit le marché Mardi, Vendredi et Dimanche, à deux pas des Buttes Chaumont. Very nice area where every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday you can go to the market in front of the apartment. 10 minute walk to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Bus et Métro à 1 minute à pied du logeme
19289	A nice flat with 2 rooms (35m2). An open kitchen to the living room, a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with a small tub and toilet. Windows in every room. Quiet, well equipped and functional, bright and decorated with love.	"3rd floor, 2 rooms of 35m2 on courtyard. Really close to the Père Lachaise (5 min by foot). Quiet place located in a nice and lively area. Carefully decorated: many paintings, books and plants. Very practical and comfortable. Perfect for a couple. A nice flat with 2 rooms (35m2). An open kitchen to the living room, a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with a small tub and toilet. Windows in every room. Quiet, well equipped and functional, bright and decorated with love. I rent the entire accommodation for 2 people max If I'm around I will be happy to welcome you and advise you if necessary. The ""20th arrondissement of Paris"" is a village! concerts, exhibitions, restaurants, markets, flea markets .... The area is full of life and mixity and much quieter than the tourist center. Metro Ménilmontant (line 2), Jourdain (line 11), Gambetta (line 3), Bus 26, 96 It is 10 minutes from Republic, 15min from Chatelet, 20min Marais, 30min Opera The apartment has a real Parisian charm, it is warm"
19290		Live like a true Parisian in this bright, airy, charming 1-bed apartment. Great location in Belleville in a quiet residential building with courtyard. Five minutes from the metro and 10 minutes from Parc des Buttes Chaumont, cafés, bars, & galleries! A very mixed neighborhood, with a large Chinese and Vietnamese population along with a young, hip crowd that frequents the cafés and bars of the area. Lively all day long with fantastic Asian and French restaurant options close by! We will leave a guide to our favorite spots.... -> 10-15 minute walk to Canal Saint Martin and République -> 15 minute walk to the Marais -> 20 minute walk to Père Lachaise cemetary Lines 2 and 11 are a five minute walk from the apartment.
19291		charmant duplex dans une rue calme où vous serez réveillé par les oiseaux très clair vue sur la Tour Eiffel 10min du Marais en métro ou à vélo à 2 pas des commerces de la rue de Belleville et des bars branchés du village Jourdain
19292	cour interieure grand salon  tout équipée	Magnifique maison de 280 mètres carrés dans Paris intra-muros. Il s 'agit d'une colocation de 9 colocataires, très sympathiques! La moyenne d 'âge est de 27 à 32 ans . L'ambiance est conviviale et festive La chambre donne accès sur la cour cour interieure grand salon  tout équipée proche du métro  et du cimetière du père Lachaise
19293		The appartement is located in the 20th district of Paris, very close to la “Place de la Nation”. It’s near Metro Buzenval (line 9).  You can have access to the Eiffel Tower in 30 minutes (by Tube – Line 9) and in 25 minutes to the Louvre.
19294		C'est ma chambre, mon petit coin au calme sur Paris, au rez de chaussée, dans une petite cour intérieure, je m'y sens bien alors je me dis que lorsque je suis en déplacement pour le travail ou en vacances, d'autre pourrait en profiter aussi.
19295	Very comfortable and large studio with a nice balcony, 2 Stops from Nation & Bastille (famous for night life) and close to all amenities (theatres, clubs, cinemas, music venues, pubs, cafes, market, and shops ) The Studio is ideally located on a very quiet secure street.  Entry to the Studio is via a secure entry phone system, and secure lift. Spacious bathroom with a bath tub were you can enjoy a bubble bath after a long day in the city.  The Studio contains a very comfortable sofa in the room which can be converted into a double bed and could be used by 1 or 2 more people.  The Flat is equipped with :TV, microwave, iron + iron board, washing machine, full kitchenette with 2 electric rings, a sink and fridge freezer.  Transport: Station, Line 2: Alexandre Dumas Nation is at 2 stations from Alexandre Dumas, and then from there you can get all connections to reach the center or other Famous Sites in Paris.  A bus stop (76) is right in front of the building and Subway 2 lane tube stops a	Very comfortable and large studio with a nice balcony, 2 Stops from Nation & Bastille (famous for night life) and close to all amenities (theatres, clubs, cinemas, music venues, pubs, cafes, market, and shops ) The Studio is ideally located on a very quiet secure street.  Entry to the Studio is via a secure entry phone system, and secure lift. Spacious bathroom with a bath tub were you can enjoy a bubble bath after a long day in the city.  The Studio contains a very comfortable sofa in the room which can be converted into a double bed and could be used by 1 or 2 more people.  The Flat is equipped with :TV, microwave, iron + iron board, washing machine, full kitchenette with 2 electric rings, a sink and fridge freezer.  Transport: Station, Line 2: Alexandre Dumas Nation is at 2 stations from Alexandre Dumas, and then from there you can get all connections to reach the center or other Famous Sites in Paris.  A bus stop (76) is right in front of the building and Subway 2 lane tube stops a
19296	I'm subletting this Apartment located just 100 meters from Place de la Nation, in Paris’s typical residential area.  Its strategic location allows you to move very easily around the city. There are 4 Metro lines and a suburban railway (RER) to get you anywhere in the city within minutes.  Off the beaten track it is perfect for a longer stay in Paris. The apartment is spacious and has a surface of 50 m2 on the 8th floor. It is fully equipped to accommodate 2 to 4 guests.  It lies in a peaceful and quiet environment and is full of light, thanks to very large door-type windows in all rooms. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped including a washing machine and dishwasher. The living room includes a large dining table and a sofa-bed for 1 or 2 people. The bedroom is spacious and includes a twin-size bed.  The bathroom includes bathtub and shower and there is a separate toilet. In less than half an hour you can be at the gates of Paris Disneyland. Or after a short walk you can enjoy the	Perfectly well located by Nation square - access to 4 metro lines and a fast RER to take you anywhere in town quickly.  Everyone feels instantly at home. Lots of light, particularly in the afternoons. The flat has 2 elevators. No stairs or steps. I'm subletting this Apartment located just 100 meters from Place de la Nation, in Paris’s typical residential area.  Its strategic location allows you to move very easily around the city. There are 4 Metro lines and a suburban railway (RER) to get you anywhere in the city within minutes.  Off the beaten track it is perfect for a longer stay in Paris. The apartment is spacious and has a surface of 50 m2 on the 8th floor. It is fully equipped to accommodate 2 to 4 guests.  It lies in a peaceful and quiet environment and is full of light, thanks to very large door-type windows in all rooms. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped including a washing machine and dishwasher. The living room includes a large dining table and a sofa-bed for 1 or 2
19297		Une chambre de 18 m2, comfortable et accueillante peut loger deux personnes. Situé à coté du site touristique Père Lachaise. Accès au grand balcon et à proximité du métro.
19298		"The apartment is 40m2, with one bedroom, a full bathroom and a cosy living area. At the 5th floor of a 50's building, it overlooks a flowery courtyard. It's quiet and full of light with a glass wall inside. It's just perfect for a couple! Ménimontant is getting more and more trendy, and you can find really nice bars and restaurants close by the apartment. Lucky you! It will be a real parisian experience, different than the classic touristic places and a bit cheaper too ;) To name few places I like, ""Demain c'est loin"" (rue Julien Lacroix), ""Lou Pascalou"", ""La cale sèche"" (rue Panoyaux),  ""Cô My Cantine"" (rue de Ménilmontant, vietnamese food), ""Le soleil"" (Boulevard de Ménilmontant, for a coffee or a mint tea). More bars/restaurants can be found rue Sorbier or Boulevard de Ménilmontant towards Père Lachaise. And then, there is the hot spot of rue Oberkampf where you will always find the place with the atmosphere you like! Moreover, the neighbourhood is full of concert places (La Bellevi"
19299	Un appartement très clair et sympatique. Original. Quatre personnes peuvent y dormir.	Un appartement très clair et sympatique. Original. Quatre personnes peuvent y dormir. Le Pére Lachaise. Le parc de Belleville. La Bellevilloise  Métro Ménilmontant, Gambetta. Bus 96 L'appartement est au 5 étage sans ascenseur.
19300		Appartement meublé de 3 pièces, 40 m2, très lumineux. Au 1er étage. Parquet. Cuisine équipée toute équipée (lave-vaisselle, congélateur), canapé. Chambre à coucher (lit 2 places), Salle de bains (grande douche, lave-linge), Internet.
19301	Propose rented the 2eme room of my apartment for short stays in the center of Paris (20eme, métro Ménilmontant). Room 22m2 with a bed 2 pers. (Good quality) and a chest of 2 drawers at arrangement. Room having a direct access to the terrace (5m2). Modern apartment, pleasant to see, calms down, feng shui, bright and sunny. Apartment with an entrance (entry), a big lounge (30m2), a spacious kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub, one toilets separated, a dressing room at arrangement and to share. Price of the room included services : TV, Hi-fi equipment, WiFi, dishwashers and the linen at arrangement, heating, warm water, housework weekly, hand towels and supplied sheets - without having breakfast : optional). If you wish another duration (1 overnight stay or WE or 2 weeks for example), do not hesitate to contact me to know the price. Tapering rates from 2 nights. Accessible flat via the line 2 of the subway (Ménilmontant), or in 10 minutes in feet via lines 3 (Père Lachaise) and 11 (Pyrénées)	Spacious private room 22m2 with a bed 2 pers. (good quality) and having a direct access to the terrace (5m2) in large apartment any bright comfort of 75m2 in the center of Paris (20eme). Ideal short stays (WE, week, month). Propose rented the 2eme room of my apartment for short stays in the center of Paris (20eme, métro Ménilmontant). Room 22m2 with a bed 2 pers. (Good quality) and a chest of 2 drawers at arrangement. Room having a direct access to the terrace (5m2). Modern apartment, pleasant to see, calms down, feng shui, bright and sunny. Apartment with an entrance (entry), a big lounge (30m2), a spacious kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub, one toilets separated, a dressing room at arrangement and to share. Price of the room included services : TV, Hi-fi equipment, WiFi, dishwashers and the linen at arrangement, heating, warm water, housework weekly, hand towels and supplied sheets - without having breakfast : optional). If you wish another duration (1 overnight stay or WE or 2 weeks 
19302		Nice family apartment between Nation and Père Lachaise, close to subway and commercials. Charming cafes and restaurants in the neighbourhood. Up to 4 people (2 rooms). Fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher etc. Safe.
19303	L'appartement est spacieux, c'est un trois pièces de 70 m2. IL est plutôt fonctionnel, cuisine équipé, home cinéma, wifi ...	Appartement situé dans le 20ème ardt de Paris, très calme, il se trouve entre deux cours extérieures. Si vous aimez le charme des quartiers populaires, je peux vous faire découvrir des restaurants conviviaux avec un bon rapports qualité/prix L'appartement est spacieux, c'est un trois pièces de 70 m2. IL est plutôt fonctionnel, cuisine équipé, home cinéma, wifi ... Vous avez accès à votre chambre et à toutes les parties communes (salle de bain, salon, cuisine, couloirs) Je peux vous donner pleins de petits conseils si vous souhaitez découvrir le quartier et Paris, dans la mesure du possible. Le quartier est un quartier populaire en mutation, il y à pleins de nouveaux magasins, restaurants et bistrots qui font vivre se quartier qui certes est un peu excentré. Le logement se situe à 2 min du métro Buzenval (ligne 9), 3 min du métro Avron (ligne 2) et 5 min du métro Nation (ligne 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A).
19304	Nice apartment of 58m². Little bulding with an elevator.	Hi, I put a room for rent (for days, week or month) in my apartment. In a 1999 building, on the 4th (on 5 ), with a parking space in the basement, 9m² room with double bed and cupboards. You can use the kitchen.  Hope you will enjoy your stay.  Sam Nice apartment of 58m². Little bulding with an elevator. You can access all rooms except my bedroom. Large kitchen, lounge , bathroom, separate toilet. Available parking space in the basement but watch closely ramp. I will help you to spend a pleasant time in Paris. Telegraphe is the highest geographical point of Paris , at the top of the hill of Belleville. It is a mixed neighborhood , active, associative fabric stuffed with small things - 10 minutes walk from Belleville and Menilmontant . 3 min Telegraphe Metro (Line 11) , Bus line 60 ( Borrego station ), 96 ( Ménilmontant -Pelleport station), 10 min from tramway 3b (Porte des Lilas station) I'm living with a cat. He's name Nox
19305		Bright 45m2 apartment with double balcony (in the bedroom and in the living room). Full equiped kitchen and large bathroom with bath and wahing machine. Located in Nation Metro, with all the lines and close to many shops and restaurants.
19306		Porte de Vincennes : Bel appartement tout confort meublé et équipé. Composé d'une chambre, un grand salon avec un canapé convertible. Cuisine indépendante, salle de bain, WC indépendant. Proches toutes commodités : métro, tramway, restaurants...
19307		Deux pièces lumineux à deux pas du père Lachaise et à quelques minutes de marche du quartier de belleville.   Idéal pour deux personnes, l'appartement dispose d'un petit salon et d'une cuisine à part.
19308	Pleasant room in an elegant apartement.  3 persons live here. Me, my boyfriend Yannick and our little baby Noàh (8 month).  With 3 rooms, 65 m2 on 6th floor in a typical building in 1900 (with wood floors and moldings) Bathroom with bath and window + separate WC with window, large hallway with two windows. The living room is comfortably furnished with a large window overlooking a small balcony.     A comfortable kitchen with oven / stove / microwave/ dishwasher / washing machine.     Internet Wi-fi and TV with Canal Satellite and Canal + Cinema.     A small balcony for coffee or a drink with a beautiful view over the rooftops.     No elevator (but happy to help carry bags up!) and two nice cats live with us.     Close to all amenities and shops : Subway, Bus, Vélib, Backeries, Wine store, Fromageries, Butchers, Fishmongers, Pharmacies, 3 great Supermarkets (Monoprix, Auchan, Franprix), Restaurants and Bars.    Big market on Wednesday and Saturday morning.    We are 70 meters from the m	Our apartment is always sunny, the view on the roof is beautiful. It is quiet and warm. You're welcome !!! Pleasant room in an elegant apartement.  3 persons live here. Me, my boyfriend Yannick and our little baby Noàh (8 month).  With 3 rooms, 65 m2 on 6th floor in a typical building in 1900 (with wood floors and moldings) Bathroom with bath and window + separate WC with window, large hallway with two windows. The living room is comfortably furnished with a large window overlooking a small balcony.     A comfortable kitchen with oven / stove / microwave/ dishwasher / washing machine.     Internet Wi-fi and TV with Canal Satellite and Canal + Cinema.     A small balcony for coffee or a drink with a beautiful view over the rooftops.     No elevator (but happy to help carry bags up!) and two nice cats live with us.     Close to all amenities and shops : Subway, Bus, Vélib, Backeries, Wine store, Fromageries, Butchers, Fishmongers, Pharmacies, 3 great Supermarkets (Monoprix, Auchan, Franp
19309		La campagne à Paris ! Dans un quartier chaleureux, à 15mn du centre touristique, vous logerez dans un vrai havre de paix entouré de 90 m2 de jardin privé. Vous savourerez le charme des lieux avec toutes les commodités. Idéal pour les familles. Accès à tout l'appartement et au jardin privé. Je reste joignable durant tout votre séjour. Chaleureux et cosmopolite, le quartier est vivant tout en restant sécurisé. Tous les commerces sont accessibles à pied. Restaurants, brasseries, supermarchés de proximité ou bio, marchés, parcs, boutiques, tout le monde trouve son bonheur ! A 3 minutes à pied du métro, vous accéderez en ligne direct au centre touristique de Paris en 15 mn. L'art de recevoir, d'accueillir le voyageur dans une demeure chaleureuse et confortable ; telle est ma devise d'hôte. Ma demeure est mon temple et j'ai à coeur de partager la chance de savourer le calme du jardin après une journée parisienne dense !
19310	L'appartement est situé au quatrième étage sans ascenseur, vous y trouverez tout le nécessaire pour votre confort (wifi, machine lavante/séchante, ordinateur à disposition, etc...)	Parfait pour un couple, 40m2 plein de charme, lumineux et entièrement rénové. Entre Belleville et Couronne un quartier vivant de la capitale (restos, bar, marchés, commerce à proximité et transport en commun). L'appartement est situé au quatrième étage sans ascenseur, vous y trouverez tout le nécessaire pour votre confort (wifi, machine lavante/séchante, ordinateur à disposition, etc...) La chambre, le salon, la salle de bain, la cuisine. Je resterai joignable tout au long de votre séjour à Paris via mon portable. Pour les sorties nocturnes, l'appartement est situé à deux pas de la rue Oberkampf. A 2 minutes à pieds vous trouverez le parc de Belleville. Pour les amateurs de la gastronomie asiatique, vous êtes à 5 minutes à pied de nombreux restaurants situés rue de Belleville. La station de métro la plus proche (Couronne, Ligne 2) se trouve à 5 minutes à pied. Il existe également de nombreuses stations de bus, ainsi qu'une station vélib'. A 5 minutes à pied (au niveau de Ménilmontant) 
19311	Welcome to our 2 bedroom apartment near famous Père Lachaise cemetery! This apartment is ideal for 4 people as there are two distinct, bedrooms. The main living area is very large for Parisian standards and holds and open US style kitchen with dining area as well as a comfortable sitting area with sofas and armchairs.  There is a very cool atmosphere to the place due to its apparent natural brick wall and its unique decoration. The bathroom is beautiful with precious mosaique covering.  Obviously our apartment has all the commonplace accessories like Wifi, DVD,stereo etc.  You will feel just like at home! Also, you will find the location very convenient: In about 15 minutes you can walk to Republique, lively Rue Oberkampf is just 5 minutes walk away. The closest metro is “Mesnilmontant”, about 100m from the apartment. The main attraction however is the cemetery Pere Lachaise where the tombs of several famous people can be found.  If you would like to experience Paris the Parisian way, 	near Père Lachaise cemetery Welcome to our 2 bedroom apartment near famous Père Lachaise cemetery! This apartment is ideal for 4 people as there are two distinct, bedrooms. The main living area is very large for Parisian standards and holds and open US style kitchen with dining area as well as a comfortable sitting area with sofas and armchairs.  There is a very cool atmosphere to the place due to its apparent natural brick wall and its unique decoration. The bathroom is beautiful with precious mosaique covering.  Obviously our apartment has all the commonplace accessories like Wifi, DVD,stereo etc.  You will feel just like at home! Also, you will find the location very convenient: In about 15 minutes you can walk to Republique, lively Rue Oberkampf is just 5 minutes walk away. The closest metro is “Mesnilmontant”, about 100m from the apartment. The main attraction however is the cemetery Pere Lachaise where the tombs of several famous people can be found.  If you would like to experie
19312	Placed to the ground floor on quiet yard, and close to subway lines 9, 3 , 1 and close to the Tram, this studio of 20m ² is ideal for a stay in Paris, alone or in couple. The building propose a bike parking. The street contains all what you will need: laundry, pharmacy, Post, market...	Placed to the ground floor on quiet yard, and close to subway lines 9, 3 , 1 and close to the Tram, this studio of 20m ² is ideal for a stay in Paris, alone or in couple. The street contains all what you will need: laundry, pharmacy, Post, market... Placed to the ground floor on quiet yard, and close to subway lines 9, 3 , 1 and close to the Tram, this studio of 20m ² is ideal for a stay in Paris, alone or in couple. The building propose a bike parking. The street contains all what you will need: laundry, pharmacy, Post, market... Close to the subway Porte de Montreuil, lines 9, or of the Streetcar 3b Marie de Miribel (5mns, it is also possible to reach it thanks to the line 3 Porte de Bagnolet in 10 mns in feet, or thanks to the line 1 Porte de Vincennes 15 mns in feet. A station of Vélib is just in front of the building, and several station Autolib in the surroundings. Messages, calls, mails..as you prefer. Everything is nearby (grocer's shops, pharmacy, supermarkets, Post office, do
19313	The bedroom opens on the living room, californian bed excellent quality. Living room with sofa, small low table and dining table. Separate toilets. Bathroom with ancient mirror, lavabo, bathroom, towel dryer. Dressing room with washing machine. Kitchen with 2 electrical spots, oven, micro wave oven, dish washer, fridge and deep freezer Miniature poetical gardens on the balconies. 	Paris 11ème, Charonne  & Nation area. A cosy flat on 5th floor,  fireplace,charming flowered windows overseeing a quiet and silent yard, kitchenette. Walking distance  from Père Lachaise cemetery, the mythical green area where Jim Morrison is buried. The bedroom opens on the living room, californian bed excellent quality. Living room with sofa, small low table and dining table. Separate toilets. Bathroom with ancient mirror, lavabo, bathroom, towel dryer. Dressing room with washing machine. Kitchen with 2 electrical spots, oven, micro wave oven, dish washer, fridge and deep freezer Miniature poetical gardens on the balconies. Whole flat  Hi Fi - large tv set  (Canal +), Freebox + DVD. Digicode + interphone - Digicode and concierge   You'll have to walk the floors I will be happy to answer any additional questions At thé cross road of  11ème, 19è et 20e arrondissement, you'll enjoy a lively area with numerous quality restaurants close to bars, fashion library and corner,  bio shops, fam
19314	Bonjour à toutes et à tous!  J'habite dans un très joli appartement 3 pièces sous les toits ( au 8ème sans ascenseur ). Je loue une charmante petite chambre lumineuse. L'appartement est entièrement refait à neuf, calme et lumineux. La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon ce qui est très agréable!  	Jolie pte chambre privée ( parfaite pour un couple)  sous les toits dans apt 3 pièces typique parisien au 8 ème sans ascenseur. Refait à neuf , cuisine ouverte sur le salon. A côté du Père Lachaise, et à 20min en métro du centre de Paris. Bonjour à toutes et à tous!  J'habite dans un très joli appartement 3 pièces sous les toits ( au 8ème sans ascenseur ). Je loue une charmante petite chambre lumineuse. L'appartement est entièrement refait à neuf, calme et lumineux. La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon ce qui est très agréable!   Puisque je vivrai dans l'appartement lors de votre venue , nous partageront le salon, la cuisine et la salle de bain mais je possède une chambre à part. Et nous pourrons biensûr nous arranger à l'amiable sur les horaires pour que vous puissiez disposer en toute tranquilité du lieu. Lors de votre venue, je logerai dans la 3ème pièce de l'appartement, suffisamment spatieux pour ne pas se marcher dessus, je travaille souvent à la maison, et m'absente pour travaill
19315		Chambre dans collocation de 3 personnes, pour juillet 2015 Appartement étudiant 33 Rue terre neuve, Paris 20ème Proche Metro Buzenval, Avron et Nation (Ligne 1, 2, 6, 9)
19316	Independent apartment, access by a private walkway to the first floor, in the yard. Few overlooked or neighbors nearby.	"Studio with kitchen and sleeping in a large corner sofa, separated by a bar.  The studio are very functional and has a walk-in shower.  High volume in 14m², very clear and calm.  Ideal for a few days in Paris Independent apartment, access by a private walkway to the first floor, in the yard. Few overlooked or neighbors nearby. Wifi, TV. on-site computer with section ""guest"" if necessary.  Washing machine washer and dryer. restaurants:  The world of bohemian (beautiful terrace) two steps from here, we eat very well for a reasonable price.  The 20th art, a little more expensive but the setting is quite charming and the food is more sophisticated.  bars:  Fathers pop.  The Belgian stock. 3 minutes walk from Buzenval metro line 9.  6 minutes from Avron Metro Line 2  8 minutes from the Nation 1,2,6,9 Line station and RER  Velib station and right next Autolib"
19317	It is comfortable, well decorated and has a pleasant setting relaxing, very green and bright. A small bar is just down the street for a coffee or a drink after a day of sightseeing. Also ideal for those wishing to stay for professional reasons.	Beautiful apartment very clear on a small cobblestone street, 300 meters from the Pere Lachaise Cemetery. Very nice and lively. Ideal for enjoying Paris while avoiding the disadvantages of the noise and the crowd. It is comfortable, well decorated and has a pleasant setting relaxing, very green and bright. A small bar is just down the street for a coffee or a drink after a day of sightseeing. Also ideal for those wishing to stay for professional reasons. Guests have access to the entire apartment (except my private room !! ;-) Cooking facilities if people wish. The washing machine is available too (washing powder available). Internet (wifi), etc. If I am present at the same time that travelers, I glady share with them if they want to take a drink! The house is in quiet street while being in a lively and authentic quarter of Paris: Gambetta. It is steeped in history and ideal for outings (many bars, restaurants and all amenities are within 300 m) and all touristic places are very close.
19318	The Belleville/Menilmontant area is definitely unique. 	Bedroom available in a 40m2 flat in Belleville/Ménilmontant. The room is about 12/14m2, with 2 big windows in a very quiet building, in the very nice High Belleville area. The Belleville/Menilmontant area is definitely unique.  Access to the shared rooms. Some easy-cooking/eating is okay. Up to you. If you are busy sightseeing and we only meet to exchange keys and a few words, that's fine. If you want to share more on Paris or France, or the area, that's fine too. I think it's the best and the most typical of Paris. A mix of all times Parisians, artists and immigrants. A lot of little bars, cafes, where people play live music or sing, many classy french restaurants (walking distance) or asian restaurants. Also, it's on a hill, so the view on Paris is amazing from the top of the park. Metro (line 2 or 11) Bus 26 Velib
19319		You will be amazed by this wonderful loft in Paris, and its magnificent view. This lovely flat will make you appreciate Paris even more. Possibilty to rent a private parking place (close box) inside the building
19320	T1 de 23 m², 15 minutes de métro de République, parfait pied-à-terre pour la visite de Paris.	Pièce à vivre meublée, un lit une place et un matelas gonflable deux places confortable, cuisine fonctionnelle séparée. Le tout au 4ème étage d'un immeuble calme proche de Avron (L2) et de Buzenval (L9). T1 de 23 m², 15 minutes de métro de République, parfait pied-à-terre pour la visite de Paris. Je libère l'appartement dans sa totalité, grande autonomie de mes airbnber. Ma voisine est joignable facilement au moindre soucis, et prend mon relais. Quartier vivant, à 5 minutes à pied du cimetière du Père Lachaise. A une station de métro du RER A Nation, le quartier est bien desservi (bus, métro et noctilien).
19321		Beau studio lumineux et bien situé idéal pour un couple !!
19322		Chambre & petit déjeuné dans le 20ème arrondissement. Metro Télégraphe (11) ou Saint Fargeau (3b) ou pt des Lilas (T3b) . Bel appartement moderne avec possibilité de parking ! Tout confort , Tv dans la chambre et Wifi. Balcon pour les fumeurs.... Accès parking sur demande ( 10 euros/jour) Ligne 3b st Fargeau, 11 ( Telegraphe ) T3b ( Pt des lilas )
19323		wifi disponible et gratuit 
19324	Nichée tout au fond de la Villa Godin, il faut monter un petit escalier pour arriver jusqu'à la maison. Elle est extrêmement lumineuse, il s'agit d'un ancien atelier d'artiste de 60m² avec une grande verrière ! Sur la mezzanine, il y a une grande chambre ouverte et une petite salle de bain (douche). En bas, la cuisine entièrement équipée (plaques induction, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, grille pain) donne sur la pièce principale avec le salon et la salle à manger. Le canapé peut accueillir deux personnes et une chauffeuse peut faire office de couchage pour une personne. La maison dispose aussi d'un tout petit jardinet qui permet de partager l'apéritif dehors et de profiter des beaux jours. Ce logement est idéal pour un couple seul ou avec enfants.	La maison se trouve dans une impasse piétonne où le calme règne, inscrite au patrimoine historique. Elle est située le long du célèbre cimetière du Père Lachaise qu'il faut absolument visiter ! Ici, c'est la campagne à Paris ! Nichée tout au fond de la Villa Godin, il faut monter un petit escalier pour arriver jusqu'à la maison. Elle est extrêmement lumineuse, il s'agit d'un ancien atelier d'artiste de 60m² avec une grande verrière ! Sur la mezzanine, il y a une grande chambre ouverte et une petite salle de bain (douche). En bas, la cuisine entièrement équipée (plaques induction, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, grille pain) donne sur la pièce principale avec le salon et la salle à manger. Le canapé peut accueillir deux personnes et une chauffeuse peut faire office de couchage pour une personne. La maison dispose aussi d'un tout petit jardinet qui permet de partager l'apéritif dehors et de profiter des beaux jours. Ce logement est idéal pour un couple seul ou avec enfa
19325	There si one spacious bedroom with one large bed, a desktop and a dressing, one kitchen with all the necessary equipment, a living room with a convertible sofa for 2 persons and a bedroom for a baby.  Baht room with shower, toilets.  4th floor without elevator	Nice and shiny apartment with 2 rooms : one with a large bed and one for a baby. Sofa convertible in the living room. 4 persons max. Near the beautiful Père Lachaise cemetery and the Buttes Chaumont.
19326	The apartment is located in the East of Paris, in a quiet street near metro Buzenal, 10 minutes walking to the Nation where you can find the big department store Printemps and big supermarket Monoprix. You’ll find in the area whatever you need: restaurant, supermarket, convenient shop, laundry etc. Nation is served by 4 lines of metro (1, 2, 6, 9) and  suburban train RER A. You can get to Champ Elysee by metro line 1 in 15  minutes.  	Apartment within  1 min walk from  metro Avron, 4  mins walk from metro Buzenval and 7 mins walk from Nation.   Nation is a strategic location to visit anywhere in Paris which served by four llines of metro or suburban train RER A. The apartment is located in the East of Paris, in a quiet street near metro Buzenal, 10 minutes walking to the Nation where you can find the big department store Printemps and big supermarket Monoprix. You’ll find in the area whatever you need: restaurant, supermarket, convenient shop, laundry etc. Nation is served by 4 lines of metro (1, 2, 6, 9) and  suburban train RER A. You can get to Champ Elysee by metro line 1 in 15  minutes.  Accommodations :  - two bedroom apartment with  kitchen.  - One room with canape double bed and Another room with twin bed, One extra Futon bed on the Floor  - Kitchen with oven, coffee machine, water boiler, fridge, dishes and cutlery  - Bathroom with shower, washing machine,  - Separate WC  - 4th floor without elevator Guest c
19327	a typical parisian  loft of 80 square meters with 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom upstairs. Enjoy our spacious living room with open kitchen with our view of the garden.	A loft house with 2 bedrooms upstairs with a bathroom. A spacious living room that can accommodate one person sleeping with an open kitchen overlooking a courtyard garden available. Enjoy the calm close to the heart of Paris. a typical parisian  loft of 80 square meters with 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom upstairs. Enjoy our spacious living room with open kitchen with our view of the garden. Bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen, living-room and garden Yes Gambetta district offers direct access to the heart of Paris and is located near the Ménilmontant district and the Père Lachaise place. Le quartier de Gambetta offre un accès direct au cœur de Paris et il se situe à proximité du quartier de Ménilmontant et du Père Lachaise Metro ligne 3 arrêt Porte de Bagnolet exit Edith Piaf
19328	"In Paris, 2 steps ways from Père Lachaise, 15 min from Le Marais and 20 min from Opera - charming apartment of 120 m2 , 3 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms, large bright living room , large kitchen . 3 min walk to the Metro and Tram . The quiet of the countryside in Paris! The apartment is located in the picturesque district of "" Campaign in Paris "" in the 20th arrondissement, one of the few districts in Paris with country side houses. Wooden floor (except bathrooms & Kitchen) At the entrance , large living room of 40 m2 with three large bright windows. High Celling. A large master bedroom (160cm bed) with a bathroom . 2 spacious bedrooms children : -The Room ' Girl ' of Indian decoration with a loft bed 140 cm and 1 bed 90 cm . -The Room ' Boy ""with a 90 cm bed . Large table of 6-8 people in the kitchen + Table 4-6 people in the dining room . The flat can accommodate up (and maxi) to 6 people comfortably . You will be enchanted by the charm of the place while having easy access to all of Paris a"	"Conveniently located, next to Père Lachaise in the trendy bobo chic area of Paris 'La Campagne à Paris', 20th district. The family 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms apartment is very well located and decor. Wooden floor, High ceiling, Lots of lights and space. In Paris, 2 steps ways from Père Lachaise, 15 min from Le Marais and 20 min from Opera - charming apartment of 120 m2 , 3 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms, large bright living room , large kitchen . 3 min walk to the Metro and Tram . The quiet of the countryside in Paris! The apartment is located in the picturesque district of "" Campaign in Paris "" in the 20th arrondissement, one of the few districts in Paris with country side houses. Wooden floor (except bathrooms & Kitchen) At the entrance , large living room of 40 m2 with three large bright windows. High Celling. A large master bedroom (160cm bed) with a bathroom . 2 spacious bedrooms children : -The Room ' Girl ' of Indian decoration with a loft bed 140 cm and 1 bed 90 cm . -The Room ' Boy ""with"
19329	-Separate bedroom with double bed -Private bathroom with bathtub, sink, toilet -Area meals and fully equiped kitchen: stove /oven / dishwasher, fridge / freezer, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, washing machine, iron, vacuum cleaner. -Linens provided: sheets, bath towels, tea towels. -TV Cable and internet WIFI. -Sofa double bed -The apartment is non-smoking . Pets are not allowed.	Pleasant small house on the ground floor overlooking a quiet courtyard. Atypical little house  in a nice neighborhood. Near the Père Lachaise Cemetery, 5 minutes walk from the Place Gambetta and 15 minutes from Bastille. Many restaurants and shops. -Separate bedroom with double bed -Private bathroom with bathtub, sink, toilet -Area meals and fully equiped kitchen: stove /oven / dishwasher, fridge / freezer, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, washing machine, iron, vacuum cleaner. -Linens provided: sheets, bath towels, tea towels. -TV Cable and internet WIFI. -Sofa double bed -The apartment is non-smoking . Pets are not allowed. From CDG airport, take RER B stop at Gare du Nord, take line 2 towards Nation(dark blue); Stop: Alexandre Dumas. Take Rue de Bagnolet to the intersection of Rue des Pyrénées. And the apartment is right there, on your right. We remain available for the duration of your stay, don't hesitate to contact us by email or phone.  Nice neighborhood, close to every
19330	Dans un appartement de 65 m2, une chambre spacieuse, claire et ensoleillée, avec un lit simple dans la chambre, ou bien avec un enfant, un matelas en mousse pliant est disponible. Située au pied du nouveau tramway (T3), à 5 minutes du métro Pte de bagnolet, 10 minutes de Gambetta, et 10 minutes de la Pte des Lilas.  Dans un quartier tranquille, calme, et néanmoins proche des quartiers Belleville-Ménilmontant, du cimetière du  Père Lachaise, du quartier branché Oberkampf, avec ses innombrables cafés, restaurants, salles de concert, tout près de la Maroquinerie, la Bellevilloise et du théatre de la Colline.   Le centre de Paris est à 20 minutes en métro, ligne direct pour Opéra et ses grands magasins, également pour le quartier des Halles, le Louvre, le quartier du Marais.. Puis à quelques stations de tram, vous avez le bois de Vincennes, le parc Floral, le château, le zoo. L 'accès à l'autoroute est tout de suite là,  si vous souhaitez aller à Disneyland pour la journée.   . Je parle un	    Je vous propose une grande chambre, sobre et confortable, avec accès à la salle de bain, et la cuisine.    Dans un appartement de 65 m2, une chambre spacieuse, claire et ensoleillée, avec un lit simple dans la chambre, ou bien avec un enfant, un matelas en mousse pliant est disponible. Située au pied du nouveau tramway (T3), à 5 minutes du métro Pte de bagnolet, 10 minutes de Gambetta, et 10 minutes de la Pte des Lilas.  Dans un quartier tranquille, calme, et néanmoins proche des quartiers Belleville-Ménilmontant, du cimetière du  Père Lachaise, du quartier branché Oberkampf, avec ses innombrables cafés, restaurants, salles de concert, tout près de la Maroquinerie, la Bellevilloise et du théatre de la Colline.   Le centre de Paris est à 20 minutes en métro, ligne direct pour Opéra et ses grands magasins, également pour le quartier des Halles, le Louvre, le quartier du Marais.. Puis à quelques stations de tram, vous avez le bois de Vincennes, le parc Floral, le château, le zoo. L 'a
19331	Grand F2 in a quiet , leafy residential , the apartment consists of a large living room , a bedroom , a kitchen , separate toilet and bathroom with tub / shower . A large balcony terrace on the length of the two main rooms allow you to lunch in the sun , facing south (electric barbecue) , the apartment is very bright , very comfortable and fully equipped. The residence is secured and welcomes his feet a beautiful garden . Possibility of a housekeeper, the same person who will take care of your arrival and your departure.	Grand F2 in a quiet , leafy residential , the apartment consists of a large living room , a bedroom , a kitchen , separate toilet and bathroom with tub / shower . A large balcony terrace on the length of the two main rooms allow you to lunch in the sun , facing south (electric barbecue) , the apartment is very bright , very comfortable and fully equipped. The residence is secured and welcomes his feet a beautiful garden . Possibility of a housekeeper, the same person who will take care of your arrival and your departure. The whole apartment is at your disposal. I'll leave a book with all the things to know about the functioning of the house and the right address to go. If a problem a friend living close to I leave you the coordinates and that will take care of in-out will be contacted. It also provides a cleaning service. The area is quiet and trader, overlooking the rue des Pyrénées , typically Parisian shopping street of a thousand and one flavors which hosts a Sunday market. Ten min
19332	Our apartment is of ancient style, with a nice wooden floor and  mouldings, it has a typically Parisian charm. It is in one minute walk from the Père Lachaise cemetery (which is really a place to be seen in Paris) and in approximately twenty minutes walk, you can reach the district of the Bastille. The subway station Gambetta is just down the building. Very near from the apartment, there are many nice restaurants and attractive shops. It is a family district, at the same time very safe and alive. The flat itself has two bedrooms (we use one of them as a bureau) and all the things which may be useful (internet access, washing mashine...). Don't hesitate if you have any question ! Watch out, the flat is on the 5th floor, if you have difficulties to walk. But it's worth doing it to see the Paris' rooftops.	Our apartment is of ancient style, with a nice wooden floor and  mouldings, it has a typically Parisian charm. It is in one minute walk from the Père Lachaise cemetery (which is really a place to be seen in Paris) and in approximately twenty minutes walk, you can reach the district of the Bastille. The subway station Gambetta is just down the building. Very near from the apartment, there are many nice restaurants and attractive shops. It is a family district, at the same time very safe and alive. The flat itself has two bedrooms (we use one of them as a bureau) and all the things which may be useful (internet access, washing mashine...). Don't hesitate if you have any question ! Watch out, the flat is on the 5th floor, if you have difficulties to walk. But it's worth doing it to see the Paris' rooftops.
19333	Tous les commerces sont accessibles à pied dans la rue d'Avron, on trouve même un supermarché à 25m! Pour se détendre en fin de journée, le bar des Pères Populaires au coin de la rue ne désemplit jamais et est toujours agréable avec ses canapés (pas de problème pour le bruit, l'appartement est entièrement équipé en fenêtres double vitrage récent, de plus, l'appartement a vue sur la cour intérieur donc aucun bruit de la rue ne filtre, ce qui permet de se reposer au grand calme). L'appartement est idéalement situé:  - la station de Vélib est au coin de la rue - la station de métro Buzenval (ligne 9) à 25 m, la station Avron (ligne 2) à 200 m et la station Nation (RER A, mais aussi lignes 1, 2, 6 et 9) à 800 m  - le tram à porte de Montreuil est à 500m.	Really nice studio near Nation for 2 people (3 or 4 people possible). On the subway number 9 (Buzenval) and 2 (Avron), tramway 5 minutes walking (Portre de Montreuil) and  Nation, 10 minutes walking. A lot of shops and Supermarket in the street. 
19334	The bedroom has a queen size type bed and is very spacious. You can access the wireless connection. There is a view on the Belleville park which is 5min walking and where you can enjoy an amazing sight of Paris.  	The bedroom is very enjoyable, quite spacious (20 squared meters) and reserved to sleep perfectly well. The atmosphere of the area is just great, aside all facilities (shops, public transport...) You can access the wireless connection! The bedroom has a queen size type bed and is very spacious. You can access the wireless connection. There is a view on the Belleville park which is 5min walking and where you can enjoy an amazing sight of Paris.  Bedroom + bathroom + kitchen  + toilets If you need to know anything!  The area is really cool, dynamic and diversified. One of the best spots of Paris if you want to chill out or just have a walk. 2 minutes away:  Tube Line 2 : Couronnes or Ménilmontant.  + bus 96 direction Chatelet, Notre-Dame, Saint-Michel & Montparnasse 6 minutes away: Tube  Line 3 : Rue Saint-Maur. 
19335	There is a convertible sofa in the living room. It's a 40 m2 apartment so you'll be at your ease.	Very nice typical Parisian apartment. The living room and the bedroom are completely separate so you will have all the privacy needed.  Its very luminous and everything is new and clean. There is a convertible sofa in the living room. It's a 40 m2 apartment so you'll be at your ease. Living room, bathroom, toilets and kitchen.
19336	Appartement atypique entièrement refait à neuf dans un ancien restaurant: 3 chambres (3 lits enfants/ados+ 1 lit double+ 1 lit double dans salon), spacieux salon (50 m²) avec cuisine américaine, salle de douche, 2 WC, tout confort. Calme et lumineux.	Appartement duplex 97 m2 dans un ancien restaurant, tout confort. Situé dans un quartier esprit village. Nombreux restaurants et bars de quartier. Proche sites touristiques en métro ou vélo et Disney land en 40 minutes en train.     Appartement atypique entièrement refait à neuf dans un ancien restaurant: 3 chambres (3 lits enfants/ados+ 1 lit double+ 1 lit double dans salon), spacieux salon (50 m²) avec cuisine américaine, salle de douche, 2 WC, tout confort. Calme et lumineux. Par mail et téléphone Situé dans un quartier esprit village, proche toutes commodités, animations et transports. Nombreux restaurants et bars de quartier.  Nombreux transports: métro Buzenval ligne 9, métro Avron ligne 2, métro Nation : lignes 1 (Louvres), 2 (Montmartre), 6 (Tour Eiffel), 9 (Montreuil, République), RER A direct Disneyland (30 min), station velib juste en face Accès facile aux aéroports 
19337	Beautiful, soulful and comfortable 2 room apartment on the East side of Paris.    Very quiet and sunny, clean, with all comfort, a soulful Middle Eastern decoration and a nice view above Paris roofs.  Nice 8 floor building from the 1930s. With a beautiful 1,5 ha large park to chill out right down the apartment. French breakfast with croissants, home-made gluten-free bread and marmalades included. Excellent food (if you wish to take your meals at home). District: Nation is a very quiet and pleasant place and a big metro hub, just 10’ from the city center (Hôtel de Ville), and 5' from Bois de Vincennes by the metro. All transports facilities - 5 metro stations, 5 metro lines, RER A (Regional Express Railway, one only connection to arrive from Roissy CDG Airport). - Many day & night bus lines - Many Vélib* + Autolib* stations around the house  (* bikes and cars to rent)	Beautiful and sunny 2 room apartment from the 1930s. 8th floor, nice view. 10’ from downtown.  Green park down the buiding! Confortable mattress(es) for 1/2 persons. NO SEPARATE ROOM. French breakfast with croissants, home made bread, marmalades. Beautiful, soulful and comfortable 2 room apartment on the East side of Paris.    Very quiet and sunny, clean, with all comfort, a soulful Middle Eastern decoration and a nice view above Paris roofs.  Nice 8 floor building from the 1930s. With a beautiful 1,5 ha large park to chill out right down the apartment. French breakfast with croissants, home-made gluten-free bread and marmalades included. Excellent food (if you wish to take your meals at home). District: Nation is a very quiet and pleasant place and a big metro hub, just 10’ from the city center (Hôtel de Ville), and 5' from Bois de Vincennes by the metro. All transports facilities - 5 metro stations, 5 metro lines, RER A (Regional Express Railway, one only connection to arrive from Ro
19338	This cosy apartment  is composed of  : A separate bedroom with wooden  floor,  an equipped kitchen, a bathroom, and a living room. Everything needed to feel at ease (at home) are there: Books, sheets, Parisian guides, and household equipment .	The comfortable apartment is furnished. It has a spacious bedroom, a kitchen, and a confortable living room. It is located in Jourdain, a lovely district 15 mins from Chatelet and 10 mins from Republique. It is surrounded by parks, and restaurants. This cosy apartment  is composed of  : A separate bedroom with wooden  floor,  an equipped kitchen, a bathroom, and a living room. Everything needed to feel at ease (at home) are there: Books, sheets, Parisian guides, and household equipment . The apartment has big windows, with a lots of sunlight. It is located on the 6th floor with a nice view of Paris. From the staircase you can have a beautiful view of the Tour Eiffel. It is near by the subway, the bus stops and 50 meters away from a supermarket. I love traveling and discovering new cities ; I'm available to help you discover  Paris and its nice places, so you can feel good in the city.  Feel free to ask me whatever you need The area is extraordinary : bars, good restaurants, a village's
19339	The apartment is located in a nice and very quiet street of the 20th district and you'll be in ten minutes in the center of Paris with subway. You can enjoy a beautiful view on Paris at the 7th floor with elevator and janitor,  very bright, calm and cosy. It is composed of a main room, fully equiped kitchen (refrigerator with a small freezer, coffee machine, kettle, oven, induction stove, toaster, plates, glasses, bowls, ustensils, dishes), one bathroom (with a bath, washer and hair dryer) and toilets, all separated and inside. The access of the building is secured by a code, which is given on your arrival as well as the wi-fi access. The flat is completely furnished, so you don't need to bring anything.  The perfect retreat from the hustle and bustle of a busy day sightseeing, while you can enjoy the projector provided with lots of DVDs. Towels, sheets, gel shower, shampoo, washing powder etc are provided.  There is a possibility to add a small couch on the floor for a child + sleepin	The apartment is located in a nice and very quiet street of the 20th district and you'll be in ten minutes in the center of Paris with subway. Spendid postcard view. The apartment is located in a nice and very quiet street of the 20th district and you'll be in ten minutes in the center of Paris with subway. You can enjoy a beautiful view on Paris at the 7th floor with elevator and janitor,  very bright, calm and cosy. It is composed of a main room, fully equiped kitchen (refrigerator with a small freezer, coffee machine, kettle, oven, induction stove, toaster, plates, glasses, bowls, ustensils, dishes), one bathroom (with a bath, washer and hair dryer) and toilets, all separated and inside. The access of the building is secured by a code, which is given on your arrival as well as the wi-fi access. The flat is completely furnished, so you don't need to bring anything.  The perfect retreat from the hustle and bustle of a busy day sightseeing, while you can enjoy the projector provided wi
19340	We are rentoing a lovely bredroom with a double bed for two and a bunk bed for a child. In a nice neighbourhood close to shops  and 15 minutes away from the pere Lachaise and 15 minutes . For friendly  and curious folks 	lovely bedroom with a double bed for two and a bunk bed for a child Near Pere lachaise. 15 minutes from Loves by undeground We are rentoing a lovely bredroom with a double bed for two and a bunk bed for a child. In a nice neighbourhood close to shops  and 15 minutes away from the pere Lachaise and 15 minutes . For friendly  and curious folks  kitchen living room bathoom
19341	Even if it is not really big, the apartment is so far very well arranged and distributed, with a separate bedroom and the possibility of having a sleeping troubleshooting via the sofa bed (ideal for children, bring your sleeping bag).  Quiet, it was further renovated in spring 2014 (paintings and flooring).	"Close to St Fargeau metro station, this nice little flat well equiped will offer you comfort and tranquility. It is situated in a typical Parisian neighbourhood (bistros, bakeries, shops). Place Gambetta and Père Lachaise cemetery are close.   Even if it is not really big, the apartment is so far very well arranged and distributed, with a separate bedroom and the possibility of having a sleeping troubleshooting via the sofa bed (ideal for children, bring your sleeping bag).  Quiet, it was further renovated in spring 2014 (paintings and flooring). The apartment is on the 3rd floor at the back, no lift.  It is secured by a street code and intercom. The Saint-Fargeau area is a quiet neighborhood built around a typical place of Paris: sidewalk cafes, pubs, shops, bakeries, pharmacy open every day...  Close to Place Gambetta, 10 minutes walk from Pere Lachaise, and close to the unknown area of ""La Campagne à Paris"".  The Buttes Chaumont and the Parc de la Villette are also easily accessible"
19342	Studio 17m2 chaleureux pour 2 personnes. A 2min du métro Gambetta ( ligne 3),desservi par plusieurs lignes de bus. Equipé d'une mezzanine d'un coin salon avec télévision d'une cuisine équipée,d'une salle de bain avec une baignoire et d'un petit balcon donnant sur un jardin très calme.	Petit mais accueillant,studio idéal pour visiter la capitale. Bien placé et à approximité des commerces , vous pourrez flâner dans les différents quartiers de Paris et faire la fête jusqu'au petit matin pour ceux qui le veulent. Studio 17m2 chaleureux pour 2 personnes. A 2min du métro Gambetta ( ligne 3),desservi par plusieurs lignes de bus. Equipé d'une mezzanine d'un coin salon avec télévision d'une cuisine équipée,d'une salle de bain avec une baignoire et d'un petit balcon donnant sur un jardin très calme. Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement et à tous les équipements. Je serais présente à votre arrivée et à votre départ  pour faire le check in et check out ensemble et répondre a vos différentes questions. Il faut juste m'envoyer un mail ou me téléphoner pour l'heure d'arrivée et de départ. C'est quartier vivant très bien desservi par les transports. Tous types de commerces à proximité ( bar, restaurant, boulangerie, pharmacie, banque, supérette) La ligne 3 du métro arrêt Gambetta  
19343	Proche de La Campagne à Paris	Une cuisine équipée, séparé de la chambre : four, plaque, frigo... Une douche,  toilette. Une chambre avec un vrai lit ( draps inclus) , convient pour une personne ou pour un couple. Internet WIFI, tv Metro à 2 min à pied Quartier calme,
19344	The flat has a large living room and open kitchen with a dinner table for 4 and a sofa, well equipped with everything you need to cook anything from snacks to an elaborate meal. The bedroom is separate from the living-room with king size bed. In the bathroom you have a sink and bathtub and you can use the washing machine. The apartment has a separate toilet. It sleeps two people. Fresh bed linen and towels are included. Free WIFI access also. The whole flat is 50m2. It is located on the 7th floor with an elevator.	Welcome to my apartment. It has a lovely wide-open view onto the street, and the sky looking over the roofs of Paris (7th floor). It is full of light and sun and is well placed in a trendy area. It is situated in the East of Paris, in Belleville. The flat has a large living room and open kitchen with a dinner table for 4 and a sofa, well equipped with everything you need to cook anything from snacks to an elaborate meal. The bedroom is separate from the living-room with king size bed. In the bathroom you have a sink and bathtub and you can use the washing machine. The apartment has a separate toilet. It sleeps two people. Fresh bed linen and towels are included. Free WIFI access also. The whole flat is 50m2. It is located on the 7th floor with an elevator. The flat is 2 minutes from the metro, closest stations Pyrénées and Jourdain (line 11, 10 minutes to Châtelet and the Center Beaubourg). It’s near one of Paris’ loveliest Parks - the Buttes-Chaumont (5 minutes away) where you can wal
19345	Location of an appartment 10th floor, in the building there is an elevator. The appartment is very clean and calm with a comfortable lounge and a bedroom. A kitchen with all that you could ever need for cooking, fridge, micro-waves, coffee machine.  In the bathroom, you have bath, and washing machine. Also included television, radio. You can find also WIFI and internet access. The apartment has a seperate bedroom with a bed for one person, and a fold-out couch is available in the bedroom or in the lounge to sleep a further two people. Perfect place for a Family ! In 2 minutes you got bus to go where you want in Paris, in 5 minutes by walk you got subway. 5 minutes walk : subway Gambetta (line 3) 5 minutes walk : subway Alexandre Dumas (line 2)  Travel times by bus or subway :  Bastille and the Marais : 15 minutes  The Louvre and Palais Royal : 25 minutes  Champs Elysées : 30 minutes  The Eiffel Tower : 40 minutes  Montmartre / Sacré Coeur : 30 minutes  Charles de Gaulle Airport : 60 mi	Location of an appartment 10th floor, in the building there is an elevator. The appartment is very clean and calm with a comfortable lounge and a bedroom. A kitchen with all that you could ever need for cooking, fridge, micro-waves, coffee machine.  In the bathroom, you have bath, and washing machine. Also included television, radio. You can find also WIFI and internet access. The apartment has a seperate bedroom with a bed for one person, and a fold-out couch is available in the bedroom or in the lounge to sleep a further two people. Perfect place for a Family ! In 2 minutes you got bus to go where you want in Paris, in 5 minutes by walk you got subway. 5 minutes walk : subway Gambetta (line 3) 5 minutes walk : subway Alexandre Dumas (line 2)  Travel times by bus or subway :  Bastille and the Marais : 15 minutes  The Louvre and Palais Royal : 25 minutes  Champs Elysées : 30 minutes  The Eiffel Tower : 40 minutes  Montmartre / Sacré Coeur : 30 minutes  Charles de Gaulle Airport : 60 mi
19346		This beautiful apartment (40 m2) is close to 2 different Metro ( line 11 &  3: go to the center). You can enjoy our view from the 7th floor. We 've everything you need around: 3 foodmarkets, Restaurants, Brunch, Bars... We've Wifi & international TV
19347	The flat is very quiet, it's perfect to discover Paris and take rest.	"Quiet, welcoming and luminous apartment,  perfect for couples who want to discover ""the real Paris"" ! In an area authentic and alive.  The flat is very quiet, it's perfect to discover Paris and take rest. The guest can have a free access to the whole apartment. The apartment is located on the 5th floor. Nous parlons français  We speak english  Hablamos español  Falamos Portugues Popular and cosmopolite district of Paris, becoming a hipster place ! Small and chic boutiques near traditional cafes near world-cuisine restaurants (french, japanese, chinese, arabic, indian...). Small streets, beautiful church, easy access to everything and close from the big garden ""les Buttes Chaumont"". The metro station will lead you directly to the center of Paris in max. 20 minutes  (Centre Georges Pompidou, Place de la République, Hôtel de Ville, Quais de Seine...).  Metro : Stop Jourdain, line 11  Bus : 26, 60.   City bicycles stations (Velib') very close  5th floor without any elevator"
19348	Appartement traversant loin de la rue, d'une tranquillité absolue! 	"Appartement baigné de lumière dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. 40 m² Cuisine américaine et salon avec piano et cheminée. Chambre spacieuse. Toilettes séparées. Aucun vis-à-vis. Idéal pour un couple Métro à 5 minutes à pieds. 5ème étage sans ascenceur Appartement traversant loin de la rue, d'une tranquillité absolue! Cuisine, four, lave linge, sèche linge, chaîné, hi-fi, cheminée, piano Quartier atypique, petit ""village"" dans Paris lignes de bus 26 et 64 ligne de métro 9 à 5 min à pieds"
19349		Studio dans un quartier calme et agréable. A proximité du tram et du métro. Peut loger 2 personnes (canapé convertible).
19350		       Belle chambre idéalement située à la sortie du métro Père Lachaise, 10 minutes à pied de Bastille et Belleville. Proche toutes commodités.    Lovely room in the best area (Métro Père Lachaise) 10 minutes walk to Belleville or Bastille!! 3 Cuisine + Chambre + WC / Salle de Bain Métro 2 et 3 arrêt Père Lachaise / Bus 61 et 69 (1 minute à pied)
19351		"Je loue mon charmant petit studio de 18m2 situé dans le 20ième arrondissement, proche de la station Ménilmontant (ligne2) ou Rue Saint Maur (ligne 3). Quartier d'artistes, vie culturelle. A deux pas de la Bellevilloise et du Parc Belleville.  Ligne 2 station Ménilmontant  Ligne 3 station Rue Saint Maur  BUS 96 vers porte des Lilas station ""Henri Chevreau"" Je dois préciser que le canapé ne se déplie pas en lit. Le seul lit se situe sur la mezzanine et le matelas fait 120cm de largeur par 190 cm de longueur. C'est donc un tout petit deux places, qui peut éventuellement convenir à un couple, mais je privilégie les personnes seules pour des raisons de confort. MERCI DE NE PAS NEGOCIER LES PRIX SVP ! Sinon, je refuse la demande instantanément. Les prix sont fixes."
19352	Très lumineux (au 5ème étage, exposé Sud), il est situé dans un quartier tranquille de Paris. A proximité, le Père Lachaise et des petites rues typiques du 20ème arrondissement. Proche de la rue de Charonne et à 10 min en vélo de Bastille. 	Très lumineux (au 5ème étage, exposé Sud), il est situé dans un quartier tranquille de Paris. A proximité, le Père Lachaise et des petites rues typiques du 20ème arrondissement. Proche de la rue de Charonne et à 10 min en vélo de Bastille.  Wifi, lave linge. Le marché le samedi matin sur le boulevard de Charonne, un café à l'Abribus et une belle promenade à partir de la rue Stendahl.  Ligne 2, métro Alexandre Dumas. Bus 76, arrêt La Réunion.
19353	"Lovely very clean & tidy 70 m2 flat with balcony. Your Private room has its own shower and key should you wish to keep your privacy. The bed is made with 100 % cotton sheets.(Zara home or similar)  You have access to our kitchen. Grocery shops/Organic food shop "" Naturalia "" is just 3-4 min walking distance from appartment"	"We are located in artistic and quiet Parisian neighborhood Gambetta, just steps away from Pere Lachaise or famous Mama Shelter. Our appartment is modern and practical, very tidy and clean.You are just 12 min metro ride away from Opera. Lovely very clean & tidy 70 m2 flat with balcony. Your Private room has its own shower and key should you wish to keep your privacy. The bed is made with 100 % cotton sheets.(Zara home or similar)  You have access to our kitchen. Grocery shops/Organic food shop "" Naturalia "" is just 3-4 min walking distance from appartment You have access to our livingroom/kitchen We are young working couple in 30s. Fun and easy going, ready to help if needed.We have decided to put up our place for listing in October 2014, almost 2 years after our first airbnb experience in Miami Beach. Metro/ Bus station walking distance  Opera 12 min by metro Marrais 5 min by metro Grocery shops/Organic food shop is just 3-4 min walking distance from appartment"
19354		Appartement chaleureux où vous pourrez disposer de nombreux rangements, très grande salle de bain avec baignoire, cuisine équipée avec machine à laver, à proximité du parc de Belleville et nombreux commerces.
19355	L'appartement est équipé de grandes fenêtres avec double vitrage. Vous pourrez ainsi bénéficiez de la vie d'un quartier très animé, tout passant des nuits paisibles. Les 2 chambres disposent d'un lit double et d'un dressing. Les WC sont séparés de la salle de bain. Pour votre confort, seront mis à votre disposition draps, serviettes et nécessaire de toilette. Vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine équipée d'une cuisinière à induction, robot de cuisine, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge... L'appartement se situe dans le 11e arrondissement, sur la place Ménilmontant, entre les Buttes Chaumont, Belleville et le quartier historique Père Lachaise. Tout est deux pas, que ce soient les commerces (marché de Ménilmontant, primeur, épicerie, boucherie, fromager, boulangerie, supermarché, tabac, pharmacie) ou lieux de vie (café en terrasse, restaurant, bar à thème).  L'appartement est situé en face de la station Ménilmontant  (ligne 2). Il est à proximité de Père Lachaise (lignes 2 et 3), de Saint-Maur (ligne	L'appartement est équipé de grandes fenêtres avec double vitrage. Vous pourrez ainsi bénéficiez de la vie d'un quartier très animé, tout passant des nuits paisibles. Les 2 chambres disposent d'un lit double et d'un dressing. Les WC sont séparés de la salle de bain. Pour votre confort, seront mis à votre disposition draps, serviettes et nécessaire de toilette. Vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine équipée d'une cuisinière à induction, robot de cuisine, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge... L'appartement se situe dans le 11e arrondissement, sur la place Ménilmontant, entre les Buttes Chaumont, Belleville et le quartier historique Père Lachaise. Tout est deux pas, que ce soient les commerces (marché de Ménilmontant, primeur, épicerie, boucherie, fromager, boulangerie, supermarché, tabac, pharmacie) ou lieux de vie (café en terrasse, restaurant, bar à thème).  L'appartement est situé en face de la station Ménilmontant  (ligne 2). Il est à proximité de Père Lachaise (lignes 2 et 3), de Saint-Maur (ligne
19356	The apartment is 32m2 , it is the 2nd floor and is pleasantly laid out to enjoy an open space from the kitchen to the bedroom. For good (and worst) cookers, the kitchen is very well equipped. We can also tell you the best places to visit, bars, restaurants ...	"In a flowered courtyard, this two-rooms exposed brick will charm you. Completely renovated by us, quiet and bright, fully equipped, and also very well placed (all shops nearly) very close of the Gambetta metro. The apartment is 32m2 , it is the 2nd floor and is pleasantly laid out to enjoy an open space from the kitchen to the bedroom. For good (and worst) cookers, the kitchen is very well equipped. We can also tell you the best places to visit, bars, restaurants ... Small sticker will notify you access to some cupboards and drawers. Those with the logo "" Private "" are reserved for our business and those to Airbnb logo are for you. - Internet connection (wi -fi) - TV - Bed linen and towels - Washer / dryer - Hair dryer - Fully equipped kitchen (small oven , ceramic hob , fridge, juicer , juicer ...) This apartment is the one we occupy the entire year. We will be absent during your stay but still available by telephone, email or sms . Vibrant, nice and close to shops (market Wednesday a"
19357	Kitchen and main room are split --  Kitchen has refrigerator, electric cooks and oven, micro-wave, washing-machine.  There is enough room for 2 person to seat and eat in the kitchen (its not always the case in parisian studio-flats!) Bathroom has been refurbished recently. Shower cabin, sink and toilet. Main room is spacious with charming inclined roof, very high at its top. It has Internet wifi, a TV and a DVD player. 	Kitchen and main room are split --  Kitchen has refrigerator, electric cooks and oven, micro-wave, washing-machine.  There is enough room for 2 person to seat and eat in the kitchen (its not always the case in parisian studio-flats!) Bathroom has been refurbished recently. Shower cabin, sink and toilet. Main room is spacious with charming inclined roof, very high at its top. It has Internet wifi, a TV and a DVD player. All the equipments described above By the phone and email, + a person of my family present in Paris at that time, who knows very well the appartment, can be intermediate There are loads of shops in the area : bakeries, butcher, clothes, banks.  Do not hesitate to email me for more information. The metro Maraichers line 9 is 3 min walking, from the fat. Its 2 stops from Nation, bus 64, 26, 57.  There are towels and sheets, you can help yourself.
19358	30m2 studio. The place is spacious and cosy, with modern decoration. It is ideal for your stay as couple, and you have the whole apt during your stay. The studio sits on 4th floor of a modern and safe building. Going upstairs with an elevator, you enter this quiet studio, its large windows and sunny balcony, facing a garden. Inside the studio, you have access to a bathroom where I left clean towels, hair dryer and shampoo / soap. The kitchen is semi-open and fully equipped, with fridge, cookers, microwave, oven, washing machine, coffee machine at your disposal. You can have the tea, coffee, pasta, rice stored in my kitchen. In the living room, there is TV, coffee table and a long sofa. Free wifi access to all your electronic devices. Behind the sofa, you find  a queen size bed for two and very comfortable.  You will also have half of the wardrobe that I left empty.  	30m2 studio. The place is spacious and cosy, with modern decoration. It is ideal for your stay as couple, and you have the whole apt during your stay. The studio sits on 4th floor of a modern and safe building. Going upstairs with an elevator, you enter this quiet studio, its large windows and sunny balcony, facing a garden. Inside the studio, you have access to a bathroom where I left clean towels, hair dryer and shampoo / soap. The kitchen is semi-open and fully equipped, with fridge, cookers, microwave, oven, washing machine, coffee machine at your disposal. You can have the tea, coffee, pasta, rice stored in my kitchen. In the living room, there is TV, coffee table and a long sofa. Free wifi access to all your electronic devices. Behind the sofa, you find  a queen size bed for two and very comfortable.  You will also have half of the wardrobe that I left empty.   I often stay in another flat really close to this one, which makes it quiet practical for any interactions with my guest
19359	Idéalement situé dans Paris, à deux pas de la Nation, le logement permet de se rendre rapidement partout dans Paris. Au calme, confortable et lumineux, le logement vous permettra de passer un séjour en couple ou à quatre. L'appartement est entièrement équipé, avec une cuisine fonctionnelle. Un marché de très bonne qualité se tient les mercredi et samedi matins.	Dans Paris, ce deux-pièces constitue un pied-à-terre chaleureux. Dans une résidence calme et sécurisée, il vous accueillera très confortablement ! Proche de tous commerces, l'appartement est entièrement équipé. Idéalement situé dans Paris, à deux pas de la Nation, le logement permet de se rendre rapidement partout dans Paris. Au calme, confortable et lumineux, le logement vous permettra de passer un séjour en couple ou à quatre. L'appartement est entièrement équipé, avec une cuisine fonctionnelle. Un marché de très bonne qualité se tient les mercredi et samedi matins. Accès à la cuisine (tout équipement), Lave-linge, fer à repasser. Internet sans fil par fibre. Chaîne HiFi. Bibliothèques fournies. Je serais présent pour vous accueillir à votre arrivée et joignable pour répondre à toutes vos questions au cours de votre séjour. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour tout renseignement. Quartier calme et bien desservi, entre Père Lachaise et Nation, ce quartier permet d'être mobile partout dan
19360	Studio de 37m², parfait pour un couple ou une personne seule (possibilité de loger à 4 grâce à un canapé convertible). L'appartement, situé au 3ème étage, dispose du wifi gratuit. Il comprend une pièce principale composée d'un coin lit, un espace salon (avec un canapé et un fauteuil), une petite cuisine américaine équipée (frigo, plaques à induction, micro-ondes, lave-linge) avec bar et une salle de bain équipée d'une douche et de toilettes.	Charmant studio (type loft) proche du Père Lachaise. Tout équipé (TV, Wi-Fi, micro-ondes, machine à laver le linge). Parfait pour 2 personnes avec possibilité de 2 couchages supplémentaires dans un canapé convertible. SdB avec wc. Métro (L3) et bus en bas de l'immeuble. Studio de 37m², parfait pour un couple ou une personne seule (possibilité de loger à 4 grâce à un canapé convertible). L'appartement, situé au 3ème étage, dispose du wifi gratuit. Il comprend une pièce principale composée d'un coin lit, un espace salon (avec un canapé et un fauteuil), une petite cuisine américaine équipée (frigo, plaques à induction, micro-ondes, lave-linge) avec bar et une salle de bain équipée d'une douche et de toilettes. Vous avez accès à tout dans l'appartement puisqu'il est à votre disposition le temps de la location Échanges par mail ou téléphone L'appartement est calme et clair et le quartier est animé et très sûr avec de nombreux petits commerçants, des bars et des restaurants. Il y a un superm
19361	Studio tout équipé, micro ondes, lave vaiselle, internet et télévision, plaques vitrocéramique, machine à cafe.  L'appartement a des fenêtres traversante, ce qui le rend trés lumineux, avec une grande hauteur sous plafond. Nombreux rangements, linge propre. Canapé lit avec un matelas confortable.	Studio bien situé, dans quartier vivant. Peut loger deux personnes. Très fonctionnel, vous ne manquerez de rien, propreté irréprochable. Studio tout équipé, micro ondes, lave vaiselle, internet et télévision, plaques vitrocéramique, machine à cafe.  L'appartement a des fenêtres traversante, ce qui le rend trés lumineux, avec une grande hauteur sous plafond. Nombreux rangements, linge propre. Canapé lit avec un matelas confortable. Quartier trés sympa, l'appartement est situé entre Gambetta et la porte de Bagnolet, nombreux commerces et cafés aux alentours (Boucherie artisanale, deux boulangeries, primeur, deux supermarchés). Niveau divertissement, il y a le cinema UGC Gambetta situé à 5 minutes du sutio. Egalement des terrains de sport à 8 minutes à pied. Le métro porte de Bagnolet (ligne 3) sur la place Edith Piaf, est a 1 minute. Métro Gambetta 5 minutes. Le tramway porte de Bagnolet également. Comptez 15 minutes jusqu'à la station Republique.
19362		Bonjour ! Nous mettons à disposition, ma colocataire et moi-même, une chambre cosy d'une quinzaine de mètre carré dans un appartement convivial (47m2) situé dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris, à Porte de Bagnolet.
19363	C'est un grand studio en RDC, sans vis à vis, avec vue sur jardin, très calme, avec tous les commerces indispensables à proximité et à 5 minutes à pied du métro Télégraphe (ligne 11) ... It's a big studio on ground zero, very quiet. All market and shops you need are five minute walking around, same time from subway.	Mon studio de 29m2 se situe dans une résidence calme et sécurisée à deux pas du métro Télégraphe à 10 minutes de Châtelet. My studio is located in a quiet and secure residency, 5 min walk to subway station Telegraphe. C'est un grand studio en RDC, sans vis à vis, avec vue sur jardin, très calme, avec tous les commerces indispensables à proximité et à 5 minutes à pied du métro Télégraphe (ligne 11) ... It's a big studio on ground zero, very quiet. All market and shops you need are five minute walking around, same time from subway. Vous avez accès à tout mon studio sans exception, avec mise à disposition toute la cuisine (lave linge, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, plaques à induction, congélateur, micro ondes) télévision et internet.  Une partie du dressing room vous sera réservé. You've got the access of the entire apt, and can use the all equipped kitchen, laundry, TV, wifi… A part of the dressing room will be yours. Je vous informerai avant votre arrivée de la façon la plus pratique d
19364	Very attractive apartment of 55m2 in Paris at the foot of the subway the Jordan (in 10mn of Châtelet in subway) in the new fashionable district in Paris, situated between Ménilmontant and the Park of the Buttes Chaumont. The apartment, at the second flor, of three rooms, possesses a big room + a lounge + space out office + independent great large kitchen + a shower-room + one toilets separated. You can possibly, besides the room in the double bed, make one or two people sleep in the lounge on an unfolding double bed. The apartment is equipped with all the comfort. The style of the apartment is typically Parisian (floor, mouldings in the ceiling). You will find all the businesses at the foot of the building, in the very livened up district. The apartment is very bright with big windows due south on a magnificent raised court ( Presented in all the touristiques guides). You will have access to every types of transport at the foot of the building, the bus, the subway. You will feel very w	Beautiful apartment charms 2/3 rooms typically Parisian for 2 to 3 people, in artists' district very livened up, trendly. Comfort, silence, sun, view on beautiful yard, at the foot of the subway, 10 mn of Chatelet. Very attractive apartment of 55m2 in Paris at the foot of the subway the Jordan (in 10mn of Châtelet in subway) in the new fashionable district in Paris, situated between Ménilmontant and the Park of the Buttes Chaumont. The apartment, at the second flor, of three rooms, possesses a big room + a lounge + space out office + independent great large kitchen + a shower-room + one toilets separated. You can possibly, besides the room in the double bed, make one or two people sleep in the lounge on an unfolding double bed. The apartment is equipped with all the comfort. The style of the apartment is typically Parisian (floor, mouldings in the ceiling). You will find all the businesses at the foot of the building, in the very livened up district. The apartment is very bright with b
19365	Charming two rooms apartment with floor-tiles and old wooden floor, functional fireplace and gaz stove, Parisian style balconies in both rooms and directions, very bright, on the 5th floor (without elevator), very silent, especially in the morning, this apartment is ideal for a couple but can also host more thanks to a very comfortable sofa bed in the living room. In the heart of Ménilmontant quarter, a minute away from the subway (line 2, 5 mn walk to line 3 Rue Saint Maur), among the most renowned bars, you will be very close to La Maroquinerie and La Belleviloise, just a step from rues Oberkampf and Jean Pierre Timbault where you can enjoy lovely restaurants and listen to some live music. Sleeping in the morning will not be a problem as you will find a countryside quietness here. The bedroom balcony has a view of the bell tower of the Menilmontant Church.  This appartment is great if you want to enjoy an authentic experience, going out in a popular, historic and lively neighborhood 	Charming two rooms apartment with floor-tiles and old wooden floor, fireplaces and gaz stove, Parisian style balconies in both rooms and directions, very bright, very silent, 2 minutes from the metro Ménilmontant! Charming two rooms apartment with floor-tiles and old wooden floor, functional fireplace and gaz stove, Parisian style balconies in both rooms and directions, very bright, on the 5th floor (without elevator), very silent, especially in the morning, this apartment is ideal for a couple but can also host more thanks to a very comfortable sofa bed in the living room. In the heart of Ménilmontant quarter, a minute away from the subway (line 2, 5 mn walk to line 3 Rue Saint Maur), among the most renowned bars, you will be very close to La Maroquinerie and La Belleviloise, just a step from rues Oberkampf and Jean Pierre Timbault where you can enjoy lovely restaurants and listen to some live music. Sleeping in the morning will not be a problem as you will find a countryside quietnes
19366	Appartement meublé récemment rénové calme et lumineux, 33m2 au 3ème étage d’un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode et passe magnétique  Cuisine aménagée et équipée, frigo, plaque chauffante, four micro ondes, possibilité de raccordement d’une machine à laver le linge, mise à disposition d’un kit complet de vaisselle 1ère chambre Canapé lit clic clac 2 personnes, matelas mis à disposition, table à manger avec 2 chaises (plus 2 autres chaises pliables), un bureau, un écran plat TV mural, une Box internet. Pour l'été, 2 ventilateurs puissants. 2ème chambre Lit mezzanine 1 place, grand bureau avec nombreux tiroirs de rangements, armoire. Espace Salle de douche, lavabo, WC séparés.	Idéal pour une petite famille A proximité du boulevard de Belleville  Appartement meublé, récemment rénové calme et lumineux, 33m2 au 3ème étage d’un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode. Cuisine aménagée et équipée, 2 chambres, 2 lits, salle de bain Appartement meublé récemment rénové calme et lumineux, 33m2 au 3ème étage d’un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode et passe magnétique  Cuisine aménagée et équipée, frigo, plaque chauffante, four micro ondes, possibilité de raccordement d’une machine à laver le linge, mise à disposition d’un kit complet de vaisselle 1ère chambre Canapé lit clic clac 2 personnes, matelas mis à disposition, table à manger avec 2 chaises (plus 2 autres chaises pliables), un bureau, un écran plat TV mural, une Box internet. Pour l'été, 2 ventilateurs puissants. 2ème chambre Lit mezzanine 1 place, grand bureau avec nombreux tiroirs de rangements, armoire. Espace Salle de douche, lavabo, WC séparés. Metro couronnes à 50m (ligne 2) Metro Belleville à 150m (lignes 2 et 11)
19367		charmant studio au rez de chaussée d'une cours intérieurs charmante protégée de verdure 
19368		Studio 25m2 douillet et accueillant, tout équipé
19369	A large duplex apartment in which we live with our 15 years old son, and in which two rooms are available for travelers: that one has a double bed, another has a single bed -  if you are traveling with a child (even two), for example. ( see: (website hidden))	In a living and true Parisian area, a few steps from the heart of Paris, this is your room for two, quiet and clear, in a 110m2 duplex apartment. Breakfast and good tips included. Family dinner is possible. Friendliness is guaranteed :-)  Welcome! A large duplex apartment in which we live with our 15 years old son, and in which two rooms are available for travelers: that one has a double bed, another has a single bed -  if you are traveling with a child (even two), for example. ( see: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/4395062) You have direct access to your room from outside. From there, the whole apartment is available: toilets of course, a bathroom (with an hair dryer), the living room, the kitchen and dining room (for the included breakfast only) ; and also, but only if you wish, a piece of our family life. A real breakfast in included, as you like it. Dryer and washing machine are available only for travelers staying a week or more.  For long stays, longer than a week, we wish to offer y
19370	logement sur deux niveaux. Chambres et salle de bain au sous sol. Cuisine, salon et véranda au rez de chaussée. logement calme et silencieux	Logement de 65 m² au sein d'une copropriété sur deux niveaux. 5 pièces dont une chambre avec lit double , une petite chambre de bébé(au sous sol), un salon équipé d'un clic-clac et une véranda donnant sur jardin équipé d'un canapé convertible logement sur deux niveaux. Chambres et salle de bain au sous sol. Cuisine, salon et véranda au rez de chaussée. logement calme et silencieux logement entièrement accessibles y compris les parties communes du jardin Nous sommes disponibles pour vous accueillir  durant votre séjour Ligne de métro à 5 min à pied. Bus à deux pas de la maison (20 minutes jusqu'à la place de la Bastille)
19371	small flat in a big building with a very large private garden, quite place, but near busy quarter of Belleville.	I only host one female person at a time, for 2 night max, non smoking, without pet nor car, (no car park) traveller by bike most welcome, at my small flat, highly situated in Paris, France, near subway station Télégraphe or Porte des Lilas, Ménilmontant Père Lachaise area. small flat in a big building with a very large private garden, quite place, but near busy quarter of Belleville. Access to bathroom with shower and toilets inside, to small kitchen.
19372		Grand studio lumineux, avec balcon donnant sur un cour. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, au fond d'une impasse. Très calme. Quartier très agréable. L'appartement a été refait à neuf, il est très fonctionnel. Idéal pour deux personnes. Quartier très vivant par ses commerces de proximités. Proche du cimetière du Père Lachaise ainsi que de la petite ceinture (très sympa pour s'y balader le dimanche) Le soir très calme. Deux lignes de métro sont à proximité. La 9 est la plus proche, station maraichers. La 1 est à 10m à pieds ainsi que la 2. Deux lignes de bus très pratique!  La 57 (qui permet par exemple d aller a Gare de Lyon en 15min)  et le 26 qui permet d'être au Buttes Chaumont en 10min.
19373		 Maison ensoleillée  et calme, en arrière cour avec un jardin privatif pour prendre ses repas, près du métro - accès rapide à tous les sites.   Sunny and quiet house in the back yard with a private garden for dining -  near metro quick to  all sites 1 minute by walk to  ligne 9 direct to Haussmann and Champs-Elysée and 5 minutes by walk ligne 2 direct to Sacré Coeur and Pigalle
19374	Welcom to Paris. Charming 3 rooms, modern, bright, clear view, close to the heart of Paris ( 15 minutes by Metro). Full equipped Open kitchen to the living room, large plasma TV, two separate bedrooms with comfortable double bed each room as well as pull out sofa in the living room suitable for two persons, bathroom and separate toilet.   The apartment is fully equipped with :                 Fridge                 Microwave                 Washing machine,                 Dishwasher,                 Coffee machine,                 Kettle,                 Oven,                 Toaster,   Free High speed internet Access. All bed linen are provided as well as towels and hairdryer. The building has a secure access  with gardien shops and restaurants nearby.   The place  cosily fits  to 1 to 6 persons and the family with children. The apartment is a 5 minutes walk to the metro Telegraphe, on line 11 of the metro. Direct line to go to the centre of Paris about 15mn( a lot of the main sites)	Welcom to Paris. Charming 3 rooms, modern, bright, clear view, close to the heart of Paris ( 15 minutes by Metro). Full equipped Open kitchen to the living room, large plasma TV, two separate bedrooms with comfortable double bed each room as well as pull out sofa in the living room suitable for two persons, bathroom and separate toilet.   The apartment is fully equipped with :                 Fridge                 Microwave                 Washing machine,                 Dishwasher,                 Coffee machine,                 Kettle,                 Oven,                 Toaster,   Free High speed internet Access. All bed linen are provided as well as towels and hairdryer. The building has a secure access  with gardien shops and restaurants nearby.   The place  cosily fits  to 1 to 6 persons and the family with children. The apartment is a 5 minutes walk to the metro Telegraphe, on line 11 of the metro. Direct line to go to the centre of Paris about 15mn( a lot of the main sites)
19375	Duplex apartment ON GROUND FLOOR. The entrance and the bathroom are on the ground floor. The kitchen, living room and sleeping room are located on the first level.   PRIVATE GARDEN in back of cobblestone alley. One BEDROOM apartment, The bed is 140cm wide. Modern KITCHEN equiped with:  -Refrigerator/Freezer   -Microwave  -Electric kettle  -Nesspresso Coffe machine -Electric stovetop  -Dish washer -Cofee and tea are provided The LIVING ROOM is in the center of the apartment: -Large HD (3D) TV -WiFi internet is included. -Convertible sofa that unfolds into a verry comfortable140cm bed. The BATHROOM includes a toilet, a shower as well as a large sink and washing machine. Buildings next door: Bakery, pharmacy, restaurant. 30 seconds away from the closest shop, bank, and café. Big street market every Saturday and Wednesday from 7:00 am to 3pm with fresh vegetables, and anything from flowers to seafood. 	Enjoy an entirely renewed duplex with private garden in authentic 20th arrondissement. Duplex apartment ON GROUND FLOOR. The entrance and the bathroom are on the ground floor. The kitchen, living room and sleeping room are located on the first level.   PRIVATE GARDEN in back of cobblestone alley. One BEDROOM apartment, The bed is 140cm wide. Modern KITCHEN equiped with:  -Refrigerator/Freezer   -Microwave  -Electric kettle  -Nesspresso Coffe machine -Electric stovetop  -Dish washer -Cofee and tea are provided The LIVING ROOM is in the center of the apartment: -Large HD (3D) TV -WiFi internet is included. -Convertible sofa that unfolds into a verry comfortable140cm bed. The BATHROOM includes a toilet, a shower as well as a large sink and washing machine. Buildings next door: Bakery, pharmacy, restaurant. 30 seconds away from the closest shop, bank, and café. Big street market every Saturday and Wednesday from 7:00 am to 3pm with fresh vegetables, and anything from flowers to seafood. Pl
19376		Appart de 42 m² tout en parquet, très lumineux, avec une vue dégagée sur la place Edith Piaf devant et encore plus dégagé de l'autre coté. L'entrée se trouve à très exactement 2,5 m du métro, et en plus on a une boulangerie au rez-de-chaussé! Par le métro ligne 3, station porte de Bagnolet, sortie rue Belgrand.
19377	Nice and clear apartment in a calm parisian neighbourhood, at 200m from famous Père-Lachaise Cemetery. All accommodations : shops, restaurants, bars, cinema. Metro 2 at 50m (station Alexandre Dumas). Near from Paris center. Bus 76 goes directly to centre Pompidou and Louvre. 2 metro stations from suburb train to Disneyland : very practical to optimize this day. 2 rooms (1 living room and 1 bedroom), showerroom and kitchen. 1 big size bed and sofa/bed. Available for 4 people. Possibility for a 5th person. Internet Wifi, TV, telephone free for fix in France, washing machine. Towels and bed linens are provided. The neighbourhood is on New York Times :  (website hidden)_SURFACING.html Special fone numbers are not included (0800,...) Refundable deposit: 200 Euros Cleaning : 20 euros	Nice and clear apartment, in a quiet neighborhood, typical parisian, with bars, restaurants, shops, and metro/bus just at 3 minutes. Available for 4 people. Close to center of Paris. At 2 metro stations from train to Disneyland. Nice and clear apartment in a calm parisian neighbourhood, at 200m from famous Père-Lachaise Cemetery. All accommodations : shops, restaurants, bars, cinema. Metro 2 at 50m (station Alexandre Dumas). Near from Paris center. Bus 76 goes directly to centre Pompidou and Louvre. 2 metro stations from suburb train to Disneyland : very practical to optimize this day. 2 rooms (1 living room and 1 bedroom), showerroom and kitchen. 1 big size bed and sofa/bed. Available for 4 people. Possibility for a 5th person. Internet Wifi, TV, telephone free for fix in France, washing machine. Towels and bed linens are provided. The neighbourhood is on New York Times :  (website hidden)_SURFACING.html Special fone numbers are not included (0800,...) Refundable deposit: 200 Euros Cl
19378	I welcome you in my loft with high ceilings 4m, very clear and so quiet Large workshop 50m2 floor, loft style, 4m ceiling, very clear Perfect for a couple, a small family With kitchenette, oven and hob, Fridge, you can receive !, Enjoy the Wifi, and a TV, Bathroom with shower & toilets, hair dryer, shampoo. Sheets, duvets, towels The place overlooks an independent court, RC.	Charming LOFT, Artist's loft, near Belleville and Ménilmontant, overlooking quiet private independent yard, closed shops & bio, metro, restaurant etc ...  Clean, Spacious, mezzanine, kitchen and shower + wc, Wifi, Double bed  & 1 or 2 persons     I welcome you in my loft with high ceilings 4m, very clear and so quiet Large workshop 50m2 floor, loft style, 4m ceiling, very clear Perfect for a couple, a small family With kitchenette, oven and hob, Fridge, you can receive !, Enjoy the Wifi, and a TV, Bathroom with shower & toilets, hair dryer, shampoo. Sheets, duvets, towels The place overlooks an independent court, RC. ground floor, on large private yard I am not present during your stay Living area, shops and entertainment  (Organic market, small shops, theater, bar, restaurants, etc ...) Metro 200 m, bus 50m,  Very bright for a large bay window, with windows for the kitchen and bathroom, very quiet, clean, spacious and full of charm
19379	Bienvenue dans ce bel appartement refait à neuf de 34m2 au 6ème étage avec ascenseur dans bel immeuble. Il est composé de 2 pièces, un salon/cuisine (équipée, avec frigidaire, micro wave, kettle, coffe machine) et une grande chambre (avec ordinateur et wi-fi). La salle de bain est spacieuse et équipée d'une machine à laver. Grâce à son balcon filant qui donne sur l'arrière de l'immeuble (aucune rue à l'horizon) et à son exposition sud, cet appartement est très calme et très lumineux! Il est idéalement situé, entre le cimetière du Père Lachaise, pour une balade historique, et le haut de la rue Oberkampf, pour des sorties nocturnes dans de bons restaurants et bars sympas. Vous trouverez toutes les commodités à moins de 5 minutes à pied (supermarchés, pharmacie, brasserie, fast-food, etc..). Le métro Ménilmontant (ligne 2 : Porte Dauphine/Nation) et l'arrêt de bus Belleville/Ménilmontant (ligne 96 : Gare Montparnasse/Porte des Lilas) sont au pied de l'immeuble. Bienvenue !	Bienvenue dans ce bel appartement refait à neuf de 34m2 au 6ème étage avec ascenseur dans bel immeuble. Il est composé de 2 pièces, un salon/cuisine (équipée, avec frigidaire, micro wave, kettle, coffe machine) et une grande chambre (avec ordinateur et wi-fi). La salle de bain est spacieuse et équipée d'une machine à laver. Grâce à son balcon filant qui donne sur l'arrière de l'immeuble (aucune rue à l'horizon) et à son exposition sud, cet appartement est très calme et très lumineux! Il est idéalement situé, entre le cimetière du Père Lachaise, pour une balade historique, et le haut de la rue Oberkampf, pour des sorties nocturnes dans de bons restaurants et bars sympas. Vous trouverez toutes les commodités à moins de 5 minutes à pied (supermarchés, pharmacie, brasserie, fast-food, etc..). Le métro Ménilmontant (ligne 2 : Porte Dauphine/Nation) et l'arrêt de bus Belleville/Ménilmontant (ligne 96 : Gare Montparnasse/Porte des Lilas) sont au pied de l'immeuble. Bienvenue !
19380	Ambiance chaleureuse dans mon appartement de trois pièce avec une grande cuisine salon. Tout commerce à proximité.  Direct châtelet et centre de Paris (4 stations bastille). Proche du plus beau marché Parisien : Aligre. Mais aussi du charmant bois de Vincennes.	The room is in my appartment, very near centre of paris(5 metro stop). Simple but cosy et quiet.  In a little charmig house, close also of the bois de Vincennes. Acces to the Kitchen and the bathroom. Washing abd drying machine.  Ican help you for your visitof Paris or just be nice and silent and respecful. You can comme my Metro or bus and tram.  
19381	Le 104 is a cosy 55 square meter flat on the north side of mythical Père Lachaise Cemetery. Situated on the 5th floor of a classic building, it has two double bedrooms: one is located on a quiet courtyard and the other has a sunny balcony overlooking rue Orfila. Both rooms have queen-size beds. They are separated by a spacious living room. The sofa is actually a single bed which can sleep one extra person if needed. In the small but well equipped kitchen you will find a washing machine, fridge, oven and stove. The bathroom is separated from the toilets.  Internet and WiFi are included.  The area around subway station Gambetta is packed with lively bars, local shops and restaurants. A village-like neighborhood with farmers' market on Wednesday and Saturday and bustling rue des Pyrenees where you'll find great cheese, wine and bakery. The flat is at walking distance from Belleville and Menilmontant; direct bus to park Buttes Chaumont, Canal St Martin, downtown Le Marais and Gare de Lyon;	Le 104 is a sunny home in trendy East Paris. I hope you'll enjoy it. Le 104 is a cosy 55 square meter flat on the north side of mythical Père Lachaise Cemetery. Situated on the 5th floor of a classic building, it has two double bedrooms: one is located on a quiet courtyard and the other has a sunny balcony overlooking rue Orfila. Both rooms have queen-size beds. They are separated by a spacious living room. The sofa is actually a single bed which can sleep one extra person if needed. In the small but well equipped kitchen you will find a washing machine, fridge, oven and stove. The bathroom is separated from the toilets.  Internet and WiFi are included.  The area around subway station Gambetta is packed with lively bars, local shops and restaurants. A village-like neighborhood with farmers' market on Wednesday and Saturday and bustling rue des Pyrenees where you'll find great cheese, wine and bakery. The flat is at walking distance from Belleville and Menilmontant; direct bus to park B
19382	Very nice duplex, style loft, calm, located rue Pelleport next to the underground Telegraph, close to the street of Ménilmontant, the street of the Pyrenees, Place Gambetta and the rue de Belleville. Served by line 11 you are in the centre of Paris, Châtelet, a small quarter of an hour. The apartment has to be refurbished. It consists of an entrance, a large living room with open kitchen. Toilet. A traveling balcony along the piece of life. The first floor, 2 bedrooms each with 1 bed double and bathroom with toilet separated rooms. It is a very family shopping and quiet area, and you can find a few minutes all the bars and restaurant of the very lively street Ménilmontant.	Very nice duplex, style loft, calm, located rue Pelleport next to the underground Telegraph, close to the street of Ménilmontant, the street of the Pyrenees, Place Gambetta and the rue de Belleville. Served by line 11 you are in the centre of Paris, Châtelet, a small quarter of an hour. The apartment has to be refurbished. It consists of an entrance, a large living room with open kitchen. Toilet. A traveling balcony along the piece of life. The first floor, 2 bedrooms each with 1 bed double and bathroom with toilet separated rooms. It is a very family shopping and quiet area, and you can find a few minutes all the bars and restaurant of the very lively street Ménilmontant.
19383	Quiet, located at the 3rd and last floor. 2 simple beds are available, as a sofa in the living room for 2 people.	Nice place well located to travel in all Paris Quiet, located at the 3rd and last floor. 2 simple beds are available, as a sofa in the living room for 2 people. Popular and lively district, from there you can go anywhere in Paris thanks to its ideal location 5min from the Place de la Nation. Exactly located between Buzenval (L9) and Avron (L2) stations. 4 metro stations (1, 2, 6, 9) + RER A less than 10min walk from Place de la Nation.
19384	 Appartement de deux pièces équipé et idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfants. Large salon / chambre avec salle de bain, cuisine toute équipée et toilettes.   Immeuble calme donnant sur cours, aucun bruit de la rue.  Situé entre la place de la Nation et la place Gambetta, cet appartement est à 2 minutes de la rue des Pyrénnés.  Rue animée et commercante.  Nombreux commerces aux alentours. Une véritable vie de quartier :)  Métro et Bus à proximité BUS 26 et 64 arrêt: Pyrénnés / Bagnolet METRO:  Ligne 3 - arrêt Gambetta Ligne 2 - arrêt Alexandre Dumas Ligne 9 - arrêt Maraîchers A proximité des sites touristiques: Opéra - 15 minutes en métro  Bastille - 15 minutes en bus Les Champs Elysées 30 minutes en métro  Hôtel de Ville et Châtelet - 20 minutes en métro	 Appartement de deux pièces équipé et idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfants. Large salon / chambre avec salle de bain, cuisine toute équipée et toilettes.   Immeuble calme donnant sur cours, aucun bruit de la rue.  Situé entre la place de la Nation et la place Gambetta, cet appartement est à 2 minutes de la rue des Pyrénnés.  Rue animée et commercante.  Nombreux commerces aux alentours. Une véritable vie de quartier :)  Métro et Bus à proximité BUS 26 et 64 arrêt: Pyrénnés / Bagnolet METRO:  Ligne 3 - arrêt Gambetta Ligne 2 - arrêt Alexandre Dumas Ligne 9 - arrêt Maraîchers A proximité des sites touristiques: Opéra - 15 minutes en métro  Bastille - 15 minutes en bus Les Champs Elysées 30 minutes en métro  Hôtel de Ville et Châtelet - 20 minutes en métro
19385		Appartement typiquement parisien de deux pièces, lumineux au 5 eme étage avec balcon. Très bonne desserte en transport en commun : tramway T3, RER A, métro 1,2,6 et 9.
19386	32m2 studio with a  and large balcony facing south-east, great for breakfast, brunch or a little siesta. The apartment open on a very large and quiet courtyard. It has been entirely renovated 10 ans ago, and painted new last year. You'll find all you need to live when you arrive. Kitchen: Combination microwave oven, different types of cofee maker, kettle, toaster, juice extractor... Bathroom: Hair dryer, iron and ironing board... The residence is absolutely safe with access code and a very helful caretaker.	 Bright studio with sunny balcony for 1 or 2 on the 5th floor in the Gambetta quarter, 4 minutes walk from the metro, surounded by all kind of shops, theaters and cinema. Fully equiped kicthen and bathroom , wifi connexion and cable TV. 32m2 studio with a  and large balcony facing south-east, great for breakfast, brunch or a little siesta. The apartment open on a very large and quiet courtyard. It has been entirely renovated 10 ans ago, and painted new last year. You'll find all you need to live when you arrive. Kitchen: Combination microwave oven, different types of cofee maker, kettle, toaster, juice extractor... Bathroom: Hair dryer, iron and ironing board... The residence is absolutely safe with access code and a very helful caretaker. The whole apartment will be for you. I propose my apartment when I'm traveling for my job or for pleasure, so I don't know if we'll meet. I f we don't, a friend of mine we'll give you the keys. I'll leave some information and details on site and we c
19387		Appartement Familial rénové de 60 m2, en rez de chaussée. Grand salon cuisine + canapé lit. 2 chambres avec 1 lit 2 places, et 1 lit 1 place/ ou lit enfant. 2 vélos + siege enfant a disposition.  - Métro belleville 2mn walk. - République 15mn walk.
19388	L'appartement a une superficie de 45 m², il est au 12ème et avant dernier étage d'un immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur. Il se situe sur la butte de Belleville, à 150 mètre du Parc de Belleville. Le parc des buttes-Chaumont est à 15 minutes à pied. Il est à l'avant dernier étage et vous bénéficiez d'une vue panoramique sur Paris et d'une terrasse de 12 m².  Vous disposez d’une chambre, d’une cuisine, d’une salle de bains et d’une terrasse panoramique. Il se situe sur la butte de Belleville, à 150 mètres du Parc de Belleville. Le parc des buttes-Chaumont est à 15 minutes à pied. Le quartier est vivant, avec de nombreux ateliers d’artistes mais l’appartement est au calme, à l’écart des axes de circulation principaux. Vous avez deux Boulangeries à moins de 3 min, supermarché, restaurants et bars. L'appartement se situe à égale distance de la station de métro Pyrénées ou Jourdain (ligne 11). La ligne de métro n°11 dessert directement le quartier de République, le quartier du Marais (6 statio	L'appartement a une superficie de 45 m², il est au 12ème et avant dernier étage d'un immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur. Il se situe sur la butte de Belleville, à 150 mètre du Parc de Belleville.  Vue panoramique dur Paris. 10 min en métro de Châtelet. L'appartement a une superficie de 45 m², il est au 12ème et avant dernier étage d'un immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur. Il se situe sur la butte de Belleville, à 150 mètre du Parc de Belleville. Le parc des buttes-Chaumont est à 15 minutes à pied. Il est à l'avant dernier étage et vous bénéficiez d'une vue panoramique sur Paris et d'une terrasse de 12 m².  Vous disposez d’une chambre, d’une cuisine, d’une salle de bains et d’une terrasse panoramique. Il se situe sur la butte de Belleville, à 150 mètres du Parc de Belleville. Le parc des buttes-Chaumont est à 15 minutes à pied. Le quartier est vivant, avec de nombreux ateliers d’artistes mais l’appartement est au calme, à l’écart des axes de circulation principaux. Vous avez deux Boulangerie
19389	Being ourselves fell in love with Jourdain : one of the last quarter of Paris stay true and authentic... since several weeks, we were looking for a new place located here to add to our collection of parisian properties. With this one, we are very happy to tell you that we finally found it ! This so charming place has in our opinion just one little default : to enjoy unobstructed views from each of its two lovely balconies like everyone who are lucky enough to stay there ... during a breakfast for example, or even, in a relaxing session, first, you will have to climb five floors of the building. But dont worry ! Dont forget that we are here on the day of your arrival and departure to help with your bags ! For the rest, really nothing to throw with this property. Its plan makes that none space is lost. The entrance leads to each of the four rooms of the property. Then, from this entrance, on your left, you can find the bathroom. I can imagine your surprise when you will discover that the	This apartment «so parisian» is located in an area which looks like a village (called « Jourdain ») and not far from the center.  For sure, there, you will feel the big love... dreaming of spend your whole life here ! :) Being ourselves fell in love with Jourdain : one of the last quarter of Paris stay true and authentic... since several weeks, we were looking for a new place located here to add to our collection of parisian properties. With this one, we are very happy to tell you that we finally found it ! This so charming place has in our opinion just one little default : to enjoy unobstructed views from each of its two lovely balconies like everyone who are lucky enough to stay there ... during a breakfast for example, or even, in a relaxing session, first, you will have to climb five floors of the building. But dont worry ! Dont forget that we are here on the day of your arrival and departure to help with your bags ! For the rest, really nothing to throw with this property. Its pla
19390	Owner rents charming apartment.  The 47 m2 flat is sunny, on the 2nd floor of a 3 floor house, with 5 windows overlooking a tree-lined courtyard. It has a beautiful hardwood floor and is composed by a bedroom, a living room with sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a large bathroom.	Owner rents charming two rooms flat of 47m2, quiet, sunny, at the 2nd floor of a 3 floor house overlooking a tree-lined courtyard. 20 min to the City center by underground. Perfect for a romantic stay or a business trip. You will feel at home. Owner rents charming apartment.  The 47 m2 flat is sunny, on the 2nd floor of a 3 floor house, with 5 windows overlooking a tree-lined courtyard. It has a beautiful hardwood floor and is composed by a bedroom, a living room with sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a large bathroom. The guest qill have access to free Wi-Fi, TV, DVD player. Towels and clean sheets are provided The property is in a very quiet house, located on the highest point of Paris, close to lively areas such as Belleville and Ménilmontant, 10 min walk from the beautiful Buttes Chaumont Park. At 20 min walk there is the famous and beautiful Père Lachaise Cemetery. The house is in front to a Post Office and a Pharmacy. There are laundries, many shops and supermarkets close. The 
19391	This is a very cosy and quiet apartment, also very convenient thanks to its location close to the metro station. It has a little balcony that gives onto the building's courtyard. It is entirely equipped, the kitchen is very ergonomic and in the bathroom you will find a bathtub and a washing machine.	This is a great place to stay in Paris, remote from the city's noise and fuss, but conveniently close to the metro so you can get to the center of Paris in 13min. This is a very cosy and quiet apartment, also very convenient thanks to its location close to the metro station. It has a little balcony that gives onto the building's courtyard. It is entirely equipped, the kitchen is very ergonomic and in the bathroom you will find a bathtub and a washing machine. You will have the whole apartment to yourself/yourselves, and you can use all the household appliances (fridge, mini oven, microwave, washing machine). You can call me on my cellphone or send me an email, and I can come and welcome you at the apartment and give you advice on must-see places in the city, or nice cafés/bars/restaurants. The neighborhood is very nice and quiet, there's a superette downstairs, and a market on Wednesdays and Saturdays morning on rue Télégraphe if you'd like to cook a nice lunch or brunch. The place is 
19392	Chambre privée avec salle de bain. Lit et coin salon dans la chambre, bureau. Accès Wifi. Cuisine équipée.	Grand appartement de 115m2 non loin du Cimetière du Père Lachaise, vous pourrez vous promener dans un quartier chaleureux et tranquille du 20e arr. de Paris. Le centre de Paris est a quelques stations de métro. La ligne 3 est juste a quelques mètres. Chambre privée avec salle de bain. Lit et coin salon dans la chambre, bureau. Accès Wifi. Cuisine équipée. Vous pouvez utiliser la cuisine pour vous preparer un repas et si le temps le permet prendre votre petit déjeuner sur le balcon. Nous pouvons indiquer les coins a voir et les astuces pour réussir son voyage a Paris. Le cimetière Père Lachaise est seulement a quelques minutes a pied. Non loin de la, le quartier Gambetta vous surprendra par ses terrasses et boutiques sympathiques. Le metro ligne 3, porte de Bagnolet est a quelques mètres de l appartement. Le tram juste en face vous permet également de vous déplacer facilement.
19393		hi, my appartement is in paris intra-muros. i've got a furnished  bedroom with a double bed. you are welcome to use  the  fully équiped kitchen and the wifi. the metro L.3 and tramway are 3 min away.  center of paris 15min away by metro!
19394	Hello travellers! My name is Beatriz. Nice to meet you. I’m a Spanish native who, for the past 12 years, has been living in 4 different countries and travelled to many more… I’m a freelance translator passionate for travelling, languages and other cultures… and music. That (and many other reasons!) is why over a couple of years ago I married my husband, Jordan, a drummer and drums teacher from the South of France. Together we now live in Paris. After 3 tiny apartments (over the past 4 years) and different neighbourhoods, we are now settled right next to Père Lachaise, and we love it. Our apartment (located in a quiet residential building with concierge and private garden) is a one bedroom apartment with separate kitchen, living room, toilet and bathroom. While there’s only one bed in the bedroom, our brand new sofa becomes a comfortable double bed to accommodate 2 more people.  The house is at walking distance from Bastille, Republique, Oberkampf and a 20 minutes metro ride (30 min wal	Quiet and cosy apartment with capacity for 4 people (one double bed and one sofa-bed) in central Paris. Very well located, it is at walking distance from many attractions and perfectly connected (bus, tube, public bikes...) to every corner of Paris! Hello travellers! My name is Beatriz. Nice to meet you. I’m a Spanish native who, for the past 12 years, has been living in 4 different countries and travelled to many more… I’m a freelance translator passionate for travelling, languages and other cultures… and music. That (and many other reasons!) is why over a couple of years ago I married my husband, Jordan, a drummer and drums teacher from the South of France. Together we now live in Paris. After 3 tiny apartments (over the past 4 years) and different neighbourhoods, we are now settled right next to Père Lachaise, and we love it. Our apartment (located in a quiet residential building with concierge and private garden) is a one bedroom apartment with separate kitchen, living room, toilet
19395	Big studio under the roof of Paris with a high ceiling.  It features big sofa/bed, TV, wifi, a large bathroom and a fully equiped kitchen.	Big studio in Paris 20th district (in the East) between Porte de Bagnolet and Père Lachaise. For one or two persons. Wifi, fully equiped kitchen, sofa/bed, TV, large bathroom in a recent building. Big studio under the roof of Paris with a high ceiling.  It features big sofa/bed, TV, wifi, a large bathroom and a fully equiped kitchen. No restriction. Not sure I'll be there when guests will come but a friend of mine will.  Calm area close to neighborhood looking like a traditionnal French village.  You can also eat to Mama Shelter hotel designed by internationnaly know designer Philippe Stark You can get to the flat by taking subway to Porte de Bagnolet (line 3) or Alexandre Dumas (line 2), tramway or bus.
19396	Apartment of 73 square meters in the 20th district. Very bright, with large window in each room. Magnificent views (specially at night) over the rooftops of Paris and Eiffel Tower and Sacré Coeur of Montmartre. 3 bedrooms. One with suite shower room and a double bed. A children's room with two single beds. An other children's room with a pullout bed. If necessary a small bed for a child up to 3 years. Bathroom. We provide sheets and towels. Wifi. 10 minutes walk from the Père Lachaise Cemetery and 5 minutes walk from the station Porte de Montreuil L9 and Porte de Bagnolet L3. T3 tram in front of the building. With the tram T3 and metro line 1, around 30 minutes from Hotel de Ville and Chatelet. With tram T3 and metro line 9 to Trocadero, around 45 minutes from the Eiffel tower. With Tram T3, metro line 1 and RER A, around 1 hour to Disneyland. With tram T3, metro line 1 and RER B, around 1 hour from Charles de Gaulle Airport. With TramT3, line 1, RER B and Orlyval, around 1h30 from Orl	Have a drink with loved ones after a beautiful day around the City of Light while watching the Eiffel Tower that shimmers!This is what you could do in our flat with three bedrooms,transportation just in front of the building and suitable for children Apartment of 73 square meters in the 20th district. Very bright, with large window in each room. Magnificent views (specially at night) over the rooftops of Paris and Eiffel Tower and Sacré Coeur of Montmartre. 3 bedrooms. One with suite shower room and a double bed. A children's room with two single beds. An other children's room with a pullout bed. If necessary a small bed for a child up to 3 years. Bathroom. We provide sheets and towels. Wifi. 10 minutes walk from the Père Lachaise Cemetery and 5 minutes walk from the station Porte de Montreuil L9 and Porte de Bagnolet L3. T3 tram in front of the building. With the tram T3 and metro line 1, around 30 minutes from Hotel de Ville and Chatelet. With tram T3 and metro line 9 to Trocadero, a
19397	"Welcome to my appartment in the 20th District in Paris. Near the famous ""pere lachaise cemetary"", this place is very nice to stay in the City of light. Menilmontant, Bellevile, and the ""country in Paris"", are all around the spot. 2 minutes from the metro, you can reach easily the district of Opera, Les halles, Republique, Champs élysées, and more... Several restaurants are very near the place, where you can eat asian, american, ethiopian, indian, corean, and of course, FRENCH I live in Paris since i was born, so I can help you if you need to find something in the City.  The couch is a real bed, very good to have a beautiful night. If you want the private room, check my 2nd announce Coffe available every morning.  We provide : - Everything for the shower  (towels, soap and shampoo) - Hairdryer - Washing machine (and dryer) - micro wave - computer with internet - iphone charger .... Feel free to contact me if you have any questions. "	"Welcome to my appartment in the 20th District in Paris. Near the famous ""pere lachaise cemetary"", this place is very nice to stay in the City of light. Menilmontant, Bellevile, and the ""country in Paris"", are all around the spot. 2 minutes from the metro, you can reach easily the district of Opera, Les halles, Republique, Champs élysées, and more... Several restaurants are very near the place, where you can eat asian, american, ethiopian, indian, corean, and of course, FRENCH I live in Paris since i was born, so I can help you if you need to find something in the City.  The couch is a real bed, very good to have a beautiful night. If you want the private room, check my 2nd announce Coffe available every morning.  We provide : - Everything for the shower  (towels, soap and shampoo) - Hairdryer - Washing machine (and dryer) - micro wave - computer with internet - iphone charger .... Feel free to contact me if you have any questions. "
19398	Logement spacieux pour 2 ou 3 personnes.	"Big flat in a nice quiet and very safe place. Situated in the 20 arrondissement of Paris, near to the mètro ""Maraichers"". Near all the transports, mètro buses (phone number hidden)  and tramway T3 and the train ""RER"" at place of ""NATION"". Logement spacieux pour 2 ou 3 personnes. Propriétaire sur place pour vous aider si besoin! Ce logement est à proximité de tout les transports publics ""métro ligne 9 station Maraîchers, Buses (phone number hidden), et tramway T3. Studio non fumeur, mais vous pouvez sortir dehors pour fumer dans la cour/jardin."
19399	Studio  Place de la Réunion 1 ou 2 personnes Vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, clair, sans vis-à-vis. Au 10e étage (2 ascenseurs). Studio 27 m². Cuisine indépendante et équipée, salle de bains/w.c., grande pièce de 15.8 m². . Parfait état. Chauffage central collectif . Digicode, gardien.  10 mn des métros Nation/ Avron/ Buzenval/ Maraicher/ Alexandre Dumas. Référence Annonce: 45871 Tel.: (phone number hidden) la nuit 80€uros / la semaine 500€uros / la quinzaine 800€uros / le mois 1500€uros caution 500€uros	Studio  Place de la Réunion 1 ou 2 personnes Vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, clair, sans vis-à-vis. Au 10e étage (2 ascenseurs). Studio 27 m². Cuisine indépendante et équipée, salle de bains/w.c., grande pièce de 15.8 m². . Parfait état. Chauffage central collectif . Digicode, gardien.  10 mn des métros Nation/ Avron/ Buzenval/ Maraicher/ Alexandre Dumas. Référence Annonce: 45871 Tel.: (phone number hidden) la nuit 80€uros / la semaine 500€uros / la quinzaine 800€uros / le mois 1500€uros caution 500€uros
19400	The apartment has an ''old Parisian'' style with wooden built-in furniture and chimneys, two nice rooms with double beds in each, no living room but a cool kitchen and bathroom. We love art and fashion, and we try to make this place as cosy as posible to offer you a great stay !  	The apartment has an ''old Parisian'' style with wooden built-in furniture and chimneys, two nice rooms with double beds in each, no living room but a cool kitchen and bathroom. We love art and fashion, and we try to make this place as cosy as posible to offer you a great stay !  Guests have a free access to wifi and HD TV. The kitchen is equiped with an oven, washing machine, toaster, coffee machine, blender...All you need to have a lovely place to cook ! We'll be there when you arrive to give you the keys and explain everything. Don't hesitate to ask questions, will be pleased to answer. The apartment is located in a lovely area, near the famous street Oberkampf, full of nice restaurants, bars and secondhand shops. The Church behind is one of the oldest church in the city, you should have a look ! It's a fantastic area, multi-cultural, with many artists and a strong student population.  During the day, you'll enjoy having a walk in the little charming streets, or just take a nap in t
19401		Studio de 30m2 Bien agencé et équipé Grande pièce à vivre  Large ensoleillement  Balcon avec table et sièges Rer A nation  Lignes 1 et 6 Nation  Ligne 2 Avron  Ligne 9 Buzenval  Bus 57 Pour une nuit pas de linge de lit Parking 10e/nuit
19402	Welcome to our beautiful and bright 74m2(800 feet 2) appartment  in Paris 20ème in a safe neighbourhood. Location of the flat : you can reach main tourist attractions for less than 15 minutes by metro (Pere Lachaise, Bastille, Vincennes ‘s parc and wood, Chatelet, St paul-le Marais etc...) From nation RER A you can go directly to Disney Land (30 minutes ) The flat is on a recent building, on the 8th floor ( with elevator) in a quiet area, five minutes walking 3 differents tube stations ( Nation-Buzeval- Avron) and food stores, markets, shoping, restaurants and brasseries . The flat is equipped with TV, Internet WIFI and has a beautiful balcony with a large vue.  A room with a double bed (140x200), a  child's room with 2 single beds. A large living room with 2 sofas, a large table. An equipped kitchen (fridge, washing machine, electric  oven, micro waves,...) A bathroom with a bath, separated toilets. Sheets, blankets and towels are supplied. All these services are included in the price	Welcome to our beautiful and bright 74m2(800 feet 2) appartment  in Paris 20ème in a safe neighbourhood. Location of the flat : you can reach main tourist attractions for less than 15 minutes by metro (Pere Lachaise, Bastille, Vincennes ‘s parc and wood, Chatelet, St paul-le Marais etc...) From nation RER A you can go directly to Disney Land (30 minutes ) The flat is on a recent building, on the 8th floor ( with elevator) in a quiet area, five minutes walking 3 differents tube stations ( Nation-Buzeval- Avron) and food stores, markets, shoping, restaurants and brasseries . The flat is equipped with TV, Internet WIFI and has a beautiful balcony with a large vue.  A room with a double bed (140x200), a  child's room with 2 single beds. A large living room with 2 sofas, a large table. An equipped kitchen (fridge, washing machine, electric  oven, micro waves,...) A bathroom with a bath, separated toilets. Sheets, blankets and towels are supplied. All these services are included in the price
19403	Appartement familial au 6ème étage, agréable, lumineux et spacieux. 2 chambres séparées, 4 couchages + 1 lit junior. salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparés, cuisine indépendante, double séjour.	Tramway line 3b (Marie de Miribel) is downstairs.  5 min from metro line 9 (Porte de Montreuil) and 3 (Porte de Bagnolet).  We have one parking that we offer for free to our guest. Very easy from airport (RER B, then RER A which will lead you to Nation). 
19404	Bienvenue chez moi ! Dans un appartement lumineux et agréable (grandes fenêtres, parquet, dégagé) de 57m2 avec ascenseur, je propose une chambre très calme et très confortable. Orientée côté cour et bercée par le chant des oiseaux, son lit King Size (200x200) sera parfait pour vous reposer après de riches et pleines journées de découvertes dans la capitale. - Dans le cas d'une location de la chambre seule, j'occuperai le canapé lit situé dans le séjour. - Dans le cas d'une location de la totalité de l'appartement, il est possible de loger 4 personnes sur des couchages réels + 2 personnes sur matelas d'appoint à gonflage par moteur confortable pour les adultes et très drôle pour les enfants. ------------------- Ici c'est un vidéo-projecteur qui remplace la télévision, il suffit soit de baisser les volets et se plonger dans une ambiance pareille à celle d'un cinéma ou d'attendre simplement que la nuit tombe. ------------------- La salle de bain, est composée d'une douche/baignoire, de wc	 Bienvenue chez moi ! Dans un appartement lumineux et agréable (grandes fenêtres, parquet, dégagé) de 57m2 avec ascenseur, je propose une chambre très calme et très confortable. Orientée côté cour et bercée par le chant des oiseaux, son lit King Size (200x200) sera parfait pour vous reposer après de riches et pleines journées de découvertes dans la capitale. - Dans le cas d'une location de la chambre seule, j'occuperai le canapé lit situé dans le séjour. - Dans le cas d'une location de la totalité de l'appartement, il est possible de loger 4 personnes sur des couchages réels + 2 personnes sur matelas d'appoint à gonflage par moteur confortable pour les adultes et très drôle pour les enfants. ------------------- Ici c'est un vidéo-projecteur qui remplace la télévision, il suffit soit de baisser les volets et se plonger dans une ambiance pareille à celle d'un cinéma ou d'attendre simplement que la nuit tombe. ------------------- La salle de bain, est composée d'une douche/baignoire, de w
19405	Magnifique appartement pour 6 personnes situé à 2 pas du  Père Lachaise, quartier plébiscité par les parisiens, nombreux restaurants, boutiques et cafés fréquentés par les locaux. Accès aux attractions touristiques rapide! Métro ligne 3 a 2 minutes a pieds et nombreux bus. Beaux meubles et belle literie... Appartement luxueux, dans un quartier plébiscité des parisiens, a 2 pas du cimetière du père lachaise et de la place Gambetta, accès très facile aux attractions touristiques, Le métro Ligne 3 dessert les quartiers du Marais, de l'Opera, des Grands Magasins, de la Gare st lazare, de la place de la réplique ou en changeant de métro il y a les lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11, et donnent accès en quelques minutes aux Champs Elysées, la Tour Eiffel, la place de la Bastille, Montmartre, Pigalle, le Moulin Rouge, et via la station Nation accès a la Défense et Disneyland avec le RER A.  L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble Haussmanien avec ascenseur, lumineux, sans vis a vis, vue sur 	Magnifique appartement pour 6 personnes situé à 2 pas du  Père Lachaise, quartier plébiscité par les parisiens, nombreux restaurants, boutiques et cafés fréquentés par les locaux. Accès aux attractions touristiques rapide! Métro ligne 3 a 2 minutes a pieds et nombreux bus. Beaux meubles et belle literie... Appartement luxueux, dans un quartier plébiscité des parisiens, a 2 pas du cimetière du père lachaise et de la place Gambetta, accès très facile aux attractions touristiques, Le métro Ligne 3 dessert les quartiers du Marais, de l'Opera, des Grands Magasins, de la Gare st lazare, de la place de la réplique ou en changeant de métro il y a les lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11, et donnent accès en quelques minutes aux Champs Elysées, la Tour Eiffel, la place de la Bastille, Montmartre, Pigalle, le Moulin Rouge, et via la station Nation accès a la Défense et Disneyland avec le RER A.  L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble Haussmanien avec ascenseur, lumineux, sans vis a vis, vue sur 
19406	Our appartment is a  a very nice 60m2 flat, withe 2 bedrooms ( one with large bed, one with single bed) , nice living-room with very comfortable convertible sofa, fully equiped kitchen, bathroom ans separated toilets . From the livingroom you have a very nice view kn a little garden. The flat is very luminous, on the first floor of a building of 2.	Located in a small street in a neighborhood of artists our flat offers  very quiet nights . With 3 metro stations nearby it is a wonderful place to enjoy Paris ! There are all accomodations for up to 5 persons : kitchen, bathroom, wifi ...! Welcome Our appartment is a  a very nice 60m2 flat, withe 2 bedrooms ( one with large bed, one with single bed) , nice living-room with very comfortable convertible sofa, fully equiped kitchen, bathroom ans separated toilets . From the livingroom you have a very nice view kn a little garden. The flat is very luminous, on the first floor of a building of 2. Guest will have access to all accomodations of our appartment: bathroom, kitchen and very fast wifi ! It will be our pleasur to give our guests some advices to visit Paris, good restaurants ... we will stay reachable at all times during your stay . The flat is located in a small ancient strret of the 20th arrondissement, in a neighborhood of artists. As the appartment is not directly on the street
19407	Studio modèrne sans vis à vis, calme et en plein coeur du 20e arrondissement, il est très bien situé et proche de tout commerces	Je mets à disposition un studio refait à neuf, tout équipé sur Paris 20 ème  à 5 min à pieds de la Place Gambetta, 5 min en bus de Nation, 3 min à pieds du Mama Shelter,commerces de bouches en bas de l'immeuble et très bien desservit en transports Studio modèrne sans vis à vis, calme et en plein coeur du 20e arrondissement, il est très bien situé et proche de tout commerces Je reste à disposition pour toute question ou recommandation lors de votre séjour.
19408	"Charming flat with 3 rooms : a spacious living room with a sofa-bed, an open kitchen fully equiped and a terrace; a bedroom with a double bed and a desk; a children bedroom with a single bed and a child-bed; a bathroom (tub and water closet); plus a parking lot. You'll also find a washing-machine, WI-FI and a television.  The flat is on the first floor of a small and very nice building with a garden full of vegetation and it is very luminous.  It's a 5 minutes walk from the metro station ""Robespierre"" on line 9, that is crossing Paris from east to west and is really practical to move in the city.  "	"A 5 minutes walking distance from Paris, this beautiful apartment of 70 m² includes a spacious living-room with terrace, an open kitchen, two bedrooms (one for children), a bathroom and a parking. Very close to the Robespierre subway station (line 9) Charming flat with 3 rooms : a spacious living room with a sofa-bed, an open kitchen fully equiped and a terrace; a bedroom with a double bed and a desk; a children bedroom with a single bed and a child-bed; a bathroom (tub and water closet); plus a parking lot. You'll also find a washing-machine, WI-FI and a television.  The flat is on the first floor of a small and very nice building with a garden full of vegetation and it is very luminous.  It's a 5 minutes walk from the metro station ""Robespierre"" on line 9, that is crossing Paris from east to west and is really practical to move in the city.  Contact by emails The neighbourhood is lively, popular and friendly, with all commodities: supermarkets, restaurants, bakeries, pharmacies, orga"
19409	Hello! Very nice apartment in a Haussmann building architecture. The apartment, on the 3rd floor with elevator is about 50 m2, two bedrooms and a living room with a fireplace for each with mirror, high ceilings, hardwood floors and large windows. The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, hob, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee machine etc ...) and the bathroom has sink, bathtub and washing machine. The room available, on the ground side, is very quiet. It has a double bed, desk and library with art book and travel, available in cases of insomnia :). If this room is not aviable, we also have a second bedroom or even the living which has a  very convenient and confortable big couch (for 2 people).  We are located on avenue Gambetta, 1 minute from the metro and bus. And lively shopping street. A 10-minute walk from the famous park Les Buttes Chaumons and 15 minutes from downtown by subway. Ideal for young travelers who want to meet and spend good time in the company of two friendly and ope	Very nice apartment in a Haussmann building architecture.The apartment, on the 3rd floor with elevator is about 60 m2, two bedrooms and a living room with a fireplace for each with mirror, high ceilings, hardwood floors and large windows.The kitchen Hello! Very nice apartment in a Haussmann building architecture. The apartment, on the 3rd floor with elevator is about 50 m2, two bedrooms and a living room with a fireplace for each with mirror, high ceilings, hardwood floors and large windows. The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, hob, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee machine etc ...) and the bathroom has sink, bathtub and washing machine. The room available, on the ground side, is very quiet. It has a double bed, desk and library with art book and travel, available in cases of insomnia :). If this room is not aviable, we also have a second bedroom or even the living which has a  very convenient and confortable big couch (for 2 people).  We are located on avenue Gambetta, 1 minute f
19410		A deux pas du Père Lachaise, niché au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus populaire et vivant de Paris, ce joli studio sera un pied à terre idéal pour un séjour réussi dans la capitale, en couple ou entre amis !
19411	APPARTEMENT 2 PIECES 45 m2 PARIS 20ème   Paris 20ème, sous loue appartement meublé tout équipé, 5ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur   Très lumineux, parquet, cheminée. -       Salon avec canapé clic-clac -       Cuisine avec coin repas équipée d’un réfrigérateur, four, plaques électriques et machine à laver -       Chambre -       Salle d’eau avec douche, -       Toilettes séparés   Proximité métros (lignes 2 Alexandre Dumas, 3 Gambetta et 9 Maraichers) et nombreuses lignes de bus (26, 64 et 76) Quartier vivant et commerçant. Proximité immédiate du Père Lachaise. Quartier de Bastille accessible par bus en 15 minutes.   	APPARTEMENT 2 PIECES 45 m2 PARIS 20ème   Paris 20ème, sous loue appartement meublé tout équipé, 5ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur   Très lumineux, parquet, cheminée. -       Salon avec canapé clic-clac -       Cuisine avec coin repas équipée d’un réfrigérateur, four, plaques électriques et machine à laver -       Chambre -       Salle d’eau avec douche, -       Toilettes séparés   Proximité métros (lignes 2 Alexandre Dumas, 3 Gambetta et 9 Maraichers) et nombreuses lignes de bus (26, 64 et 76) Quartier vivant et commerçant. Proximité immédiate du Père Lachaise. Quartier de Bastille accessible par bus en 15 minutes.   
19412	Our house is very spacious and more than 200 M2, which is a large surface in Paris Intra-muro. It is bright and well appointed on 4 levels plus a large terrace of 75 M2. Located in a quiet area near the metro and shopping streets. The house is equipped with a home automation system for opening and closing shutters and distributed water is softened in all bathrooms as well as the spa	At the heart of a true Parisian neighborhood, ample space to gather with family or friends while taking full advantage of the main tourist attractions in Paris. Enjoy a large terrace or spa bath to relax in the calm after your exhausting visits Our house is very spacious and more than 200 M2, which is a large surface in Paris Intra-muro. It is bright and well appointed on 4 levels plus a large terrace of 75 M2. Located in a quiet area near the metro and shopping streets. The house is equipped with a home automation system for opening and closing shutters and distributed water is softened in all bathrooms as well as the spa Guests have access to all levels except the last which is reserved for us even if we are not present. 1st FLOOR: - A large room of 18 m2 with a King bed and attached bathroom (shower, basin, toilet) - A room of 15 m2 with Queen bed and 1 bathroom with spa bath, basin and WC with a window overlooking the terrace. this bathroom is shared with the last room. - A room of
19413		Hello! My fiancée and I cannot offer a room at the moment, unfortunately, but we are offering private tours of the Louvre and Museum d'Orsay! She is native French speaking and I am native English speaking, so we have the best of both worlds to offer!
19414		Appartement de charme de 120 m2 constitué de 3 chambres, un double living et une salle de bain, plus une terrasse de 80m2. En plein coeur du 20eme arrondissement, à 2 pas du parc de Belleville et des Buttes Chaumont.
19415	"The essentials: -	Living room  kitchen, bathroom + bedroom room -       Comfortable double bed (it’ll hard to get up) -	Fully equipped kitchen (oven, fridge) -	1st floor overlooking garden, set back from the road  -	Luxurious shower with water jets!  -	Wifi "	"This newly done up one bedroom apartment is perfect for a Parisian stay: it's fully equipped yet affordable; close to the centre yet calm and peaceful.  The essentials: -	Living room  kitchen, bathroom + bedroom room -       Comfortable double bed (it’ll hard to get up) -	Fully equipped kitchen (oven, fridge) -	1st floor overlooking garden, set back from the road  -	Luxurious shower with water jets!  -	Wifi  The apartment is all yours during the stay, so you can feel truly chez vous in Paris. "
19416	Cet appartement est comme un petit havre de paix pour les amoureux citadins ou les amateurs de lumière. Au pied d'un parc et au bout d'une impasse bordée de maisons avec jardins, venez découvrir Paris avec le calme de la campagne. Coup de coeur assuré !	Joli deux pièces, très lumineux, au 6ème et dernier étage avec une vue incroyable sur tout l'Est parisien/ Vincennes. L'appartement est joliment décoré avec des tableaux d'artistes et des livres à disposition. La cuisine permet de prendre ses repas. Cet appartement est comme un petit havre de paix pour les amoureux citadins ou les amateurs de lumière. Au pied d'un parc et au bout d'une impasse bordée de maisons avec jardins, venez découvrir Paris avec le calme de la campagne. Coup de coeur assuré ! Je souhaite accueillir mes hôtes, leur montrer l'appartement et leur proposer mes recommandations dans le quartier et pour optimiser leur séjour à Paris. Le 20ème est un quartier vivant, avec ses bars, son marché et riche de jolies balades (le Père lachaise, la campagne à Paris...). Très facilement connecté au centre de Paris et aux arrondissements alentours, laissez vous surprendre par sa vie de quartier ! Métro ligne 2 - Alexandre Dumas (vers Montmartre) Bus 76 - direction Bastille/ Hôtel 
19417	Situé au 4è étage avec ascenseur d'une résidence calme et de très bon standing, dans un immeuble ancien en pierres de taille, appartement  2 pièces 40 m² entièrement refait à neuf comprenant une chambre, une salle de séjour, une cuisine américaine et une salle de bains avec WC. L'ensemble est meublé et décoré avec goût. La résidence est située boulevard de Charonne à 50 mètres du métro et du bus permettant un accès très aisé aux principaux monuments de la capitale. Le cimetière du Père Lachaise est à moins de 200 mètres ; de nombreux restaurants se trouvent à proximité immédiate.	Situé au 4è étage avec ascenseur d'une résidence calme et de très bon standing, dans un immeuble ancien en pierres de taille, appartement  2 pièces 40 m² entièrement refait à neuf comprenant une chambre, une salle de séjour, une cuisine américaine et une salle de bains avec WC. L'ensemble est meublé et décoré avec goût. La résidence est située boulevard de Charonne à 50 mètres du métro et du bus permettant un accès très aisé aux principaux monuments de la capitale. Le cimetière du Père Lachaise est à moins de 200 mètres ; de nombreux restaurants se trouvent à proximité immédiate. L'appartement donne sur une très large avenue avec vue dégagée. Le quartier foisonne de restaurants et de boutiques. Le cimetière du Père Lachaise est à deux pas. Le métro et le bus sont quasiment au pied de la résidence. Le métro et le bus mènent tout près de l'appartement mais aussi la voiture car le parking est très aisé dans le quartier.
19418	"Apartment of 50 sqm.  1 bedroom with double bed, living room with sofa bed, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, separated toilet.  Parking space in the building, wireless internet, cable TV, DVD player, Hi-fi system, washing machine ...  6th floor, balcony with view of Paris, this apartment is very nice and bright.  The Porte de Bagnolet station is just out of the building, you will be in ""Le marais"" in 10min, Les grands magasins and Opera in 15min and 25min to the Champs Elysees.  The ""Père Lachaise"" cimetery is only 5min walk, this neighborhood will welcome you with a lot of restaurants. Fare prices and very good quality.  You'll be 5 minutes walking from the Place Gambetta, a cinema, ""La flèche d'or"" (concert hall and nightclub), the Mama Shelter (Hotel restaurant very fashion in Paris designed by Stark) .. . etc ...  I would be happy to give you the best restaurants and brunch in the neighborhood.  This apartment is ideal for a stay with family or friends. Also perfect for relaxing d"	"Apartment of 50 sqm.  1 bedroom with double bed, living room with sofa bed, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, separated toilet.  Parking space in the building, wireless internet, cable TV, DVD player, Hi-fi system, washing machine ...  6th floor, balcony with view of Paris, this apartment is very nice and bright.  The Porte de Bagnolet station is just out of the building, you will be in ""Le marais"" in 10min, Les grands magasins and Opera in 15min and 25min to the Champs Elysees.  The ""Père Lachaise"" cimetery is only 5min walk, this neighborhood will welcome you with a lot of restaurants. Fare prices and very good quality.  You'll be 5 minutes walking from the Place Gambetta, a cinema, ""La flèche d'or"" (concert hall and nightclub), the Mama Shelter (Hotel restaurant very fashion in Paris designed by Stark) .. . etc ...  I would be happy to give you the best restaurants and brunch in the neighborhood.  This apartment is ideal for a stay with family or friends. Also perfect for relaxing d"
19419		Comfortable bedroom with a double bed in a nice and all-furbished flat in inner-paris. All facilities to be found next door, very lively area. Two steps from the Menilmontant station (line 2). Near the Pere Lachaise.
19420	Refait à neuf ds un style moderne et fonctionnel en gardant le charme de l'ancien, moulure, cheminée, parquet.  	2 pièces de 35m2 refait à neuf dans le 20 eme entre la Porte de Montreuil et le métro maraîchers (15 min châtelet, 30 min Tour Eiffel, 20 mn Champs Elysées). Canapé convertible dans salon.Cuisine équipée (four, plaques, lave vaisselles). Salle de bain avec lave et sèche linge) Refait à neuf ds un style moderne et fonctionnel en gardant le charme de l'ancien, moulure, cheminée, parquet.  Internet wifi, tout ce qu'il y a dans l'appartement  Disponible pour toute demande sur le logement et Paris  Ligne 9 métro mairaichers Nation et toutes ses lignes a 5 min
19421		Charmant studio tout équipé dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. Dans une rue très calme, à proximité immédiate de tous commerces.  Bercé par une vie de quartier agréable, il est aussi très bien desservi. Le parfait compromis pour un séjour à Paris
19422	Recently renovated for a family of 3, the apartment is spacious and filled with daylight and can easily accommodate two adults and one or two young children.  It has been designed to be modular so that it can either be one big open space or 3 BR and one spacious living room with an open-plan kitchen. Has shower and small bath.	Spacious 2 bedroom sun-filled loft with rooftop view over Paris at the center of hip Ménilmontant, mins away from hidden restaurant gems, parc de Belleville, Père Lachaise and a 5 min bus ride to the Marais. Perfect for family with toddler(s). Recently renovated for a family of 3, the apartment is spacious and filled with daylight and can easily accommodate two adults and one or two young children.  It has been designed to be modular so that it can either be one big open space or 3 BR and one spacious living room with an open-plan kitchen. Has shower and small bath. Guests will have access to pretty much everything as if it's their own apartment :-). Menilmontant is a hip and vibrant parisian neighborhood off the beaten tourist path that has a rare village feel to it.  Hidden in this gem of a neighborhood are some of Paris' coolest restaurants and bars - disclosed only upon reservation :-).  At the end of the street is a quaint sun filled square surrounded by a gorgeous church, amazing
19423		2p de 35 m2, très calme et lumineux, métro Jourdain, à 10 min du Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Quartier d'artistes très sympa, à la fois tranquille et animé (avec de petites  salles de concerts).  Métro à 5 min, ligne directe pour Châtelet en 10 min.  
19424	"""Very stylish, super comfortable, quiet, amazing room distribution"", Mirko a traverler in 2015 May . Very bright, quiet, decorated with colors and heat, appreciated by all the people who staid there, the apartment is situated in a typically Parisian brick-built building built by Henri Dubouillon in 1914. Very well situated in 20 mn of Châtelet: 2 bus lines, 2 subway lines, a tramway line. In a friendly and popular district. There is a public parking avenue Gambetta 2 mn from the flat."	"Dear travelers,I entrust my accommodation to you, renovated from the parquet to the fireplaces, decorated with delicacy : a restful and warm harbor according to my friends. 74 m ² (89 Y²) with 2 rooms and a balcony. 5th floor without elevator.wifi. ""Very stylish, super comfortable, quiet, amazing room distribution"", Mirko a traverler in 2015 May . Very bright, quiet, decorated with colors and heat, appreciated by all the people who staid there, the apartment is situated in a typically Parisian brick-built building built by Henri Dubouillon in 1914. Very well situated in 20 mn of Châtelet: 2 bus lines, 2 subway lines, a tramway line. In a friendly and popular district. There is a public parking avenue Gambetta 2 mn from the flat. You'll have access to everything available in my apartment: household appliances, WIFI, multimedia.  I exchange with the travelers because the human relation is a part of my nature, my job. I will be very available to give precise information about my accommoda"
19425	Beau duplex très calme / very quiet and beautiful duplex	Ce duplex paisible peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes (2 chambres et un canapé-lit dans le salon). Idéal pour une famille ou des couples qui veulent visiter Paris et pouvoir dormir au calme! Tout commerce proche, métro à quelques mètres et ligne de bus. Beau duplex très calme / very quiet and beautiful duplex Le marché deux fois par semaine en face de l'immeuble / grocery market twice a week opposite the main entrance of the building  La rue de Charonne pour ses restos et cafés en nombre avec Bastille à 7 min en bus / rue de Charonne with many nice and trendy restaurants and cafés and Bastille which is 7 min away by bus Rue de Bagnolet, populaire et à la mode avec le Mama shelter (10 minutes de marché de l'appartement) / rue de Bagnolet, popular and trendy place with Philippe Stark Designed Mama Shelter (10 minutes walk from the appartment) Père Lachaise, 7 min de l'appartement / père Lachaise cemetary (7 min walk)    Métro ligne 2, bus ligne 76. L'appartement est à 300 mètres du métr
19426	The apartment has been completely redone from scratch. It has a surface of 28 m2 and is located on the 1st floor overlooking very nice little courtyard. It is therefore very quiet. There is a bedroom with a double bed (I provide the sheets). The kitchen is equipped: induction stove, oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, coffee maker. The bathroom has a washing machine, a dryer and a hair dryer and towels.	 New flat, located in a vibrant and friendly area Well served by transport, allow access to all the sights and enjoy the charm of a typical Parisian neighborhood. The apartment has been completely redone from scratch. It has a surface of 28 m2 and is located on the 1st floor overlooking very nice little courtyard. It is therefore very quiet. There is a bedroom with a double bed (I provide the sheets). The kitchen is equipped: induction stove, oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, coffee maker. The bathroom has a washing machine, a dryer and a hair dryer and towels. Towels and sheets are included. I am available to answer all of your questions to make your stay as pleasant as possible. The neighborhood is alive and very pleasant. It is near the Père-Lachaise 5 minutes there is an entrance, a 20-minute walk from Bastille and 10-minute walk from Nation. You will find all the amenities: shops (franprix, Casino ..), restaurants and bars with charming terraces (Lebanese caterer
19427	The three of us (Me and my roommates Lucille and Amélie) live in a nice neighborhood near by Père Lachaise in Ménilmontant area.	I'm occasionally renting my room in my beautiful and spacious 83 m2 apartment. My apartment is a really cosy one with a huge shiny living room, a balcony, three comfortable bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom. The three of us (Me and my roommates Lucille and Amélie) live in a nice neighborhood near by Père Lachaise in Ménilmontant area. You will be able to get my bedroom while I'll will be out of town and of course you will have access to every common rooms : living room, kitchen, bedroom etc. - and every facilities (washing machine, iron, oven, microwave etc.) My very nice roomates will help you out with great pleasure during your stay and will be glad to share a meal or a drink with you :-) Nice spots to go out and affordable and really cool places. 3 min walk to Metro L3 (station Porte de Bagnolet) / Tram 3b. Bus 76 The apartment is 3 minutes away from the nearest metro (Line3) and tramway station (3b).
19428	Appartement de 3 pièces atypique, très calme et lumineux. Au 4ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble tranquille, il se compose d'une pièce principale avec le salon (TV, internet wifi) et une cuisine US toute équipée, une salle de douche avec lavabo, WC et lave linge. Les 2 chambres ont la particularité d'être sous pente, elles ont chacune un lit de 140 cm avec de très bons matelas. 41 mètres carrés	3 pièces calme, ensoleillé et atypique, dans un quartier familial du 20ème, à 10min à pieds de Nation. Salon avec cuisine US (tout équipés), salle de douche avec lave linge et WC. 2 chambres sous pentes avec chacune un lit en 140cm pour 2 personnes Appartement de 3 pièces atypique, très calme et lumineux. Au 4ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble tranquille, il se compose d'une pièce principale avec le salon (TV, internet wifi) et une cuisine US toute équipée, une salle de douche avec lavabo, WC et lave linge. Les 2 chambres ont la particularité d'être sous pente, elles ont chacune un lit de 140 cm avec de très bons matelas. 41 mètres carrés Accès à tout le matériel: vaisselles, appareils électroménagers, linge de lit, Tv, internet, lave linge, livres. Quartier familial et tranquille. Tous commerces à proximité. Place de la Nation à 10-15min à pieds Père Lachaise à 25min à pieds ou 15min en métro. Stations de métro: Maraichers - Ligne 9 (2min à pieds) Porte de Vincennes - Ligne 1 (7min à 
19429	Charming  appartment in the Belleville area.	Lovely appartment in the cosmopolitain area of Belleville. You would enjoy the neighbourhood. Quickly in the center of the city with the tube at 5 minutes walk. Charming  appartment in the Belleville area. The guests will have access to the all apartment I'm available by text message whenever you need.  Don't hesitate to call me in case of emergency or if you have any questions about my home. You have the métropolitain at 2 minutes walk (line 11 from Chatelet).  So you gonna be able to be in the center in 10 minutes
19430		Très beau 2 pièces chaleureux et cosy, avec une grande chambre et un salon très lumineux. Très belle cuisine entièrement équipée ! L'appartement donne sur cour des deux côtés et est donc très (website hidden) très sympa et 
19431	Ideal For A Two people is composed by: - Bedroom with a bed for two, wardrobe, bookshelf , desk and a large window with double glazing.  - Lounge with sofa/bed for 2, large window with double glazing , flat screen TV with DVD player , TNT, chain Hi - Fi , internet , wifi, CDs and DVDs, Books and various magazines are available.  - Kitchen with window (double glazing) : Electric oven , fridge / freezer , mixer, Italian coffee maker , kettle, 2 electric plate, washing machine.  - Bathroom : bathtub, hair dryer, napkins, first aid kit . Attention:  - The apartment on the photos can seem huge but the surface is  30m2 , look in the plan, can it help you to make an idea . - I do not accept travelers under 18 unless accompanied by a parent.	Housing and Fully functional little flat. It dispose of a bed, a sofa / bed, TV, stereo , wifi . The kitchen is equipped with two plates , four, washing machine . Towels, shampoo, shower gel , etc. provided :) Only 3 minutes from metro Ménilmontant ! Ideal For A Two people is composed by: - Bedroom with a bed for two, wardrobe, bookshelf , desk and a large window with double glazing.  - Lounge with sofa/bed for 2, large window with double glazing , flat screen TV with DVD player , TNT, chain Hi - Fi , internet , wifi, CDs and DVDs, Books and various magazines are available.  - Kitchen with window (double glazing) : Electric oven , fridge / freezer , mixer, Italian coffee maker , kettle, 2 electric plate, washing machine.  - Bathroom : bathtub, hair dryer, napkins, first aid kit . Attention:  - The apartment on the photos can seem huge but the surface is  30m2 , look in the plan, can it help you to make an idea . - I do not accept travelers under 18 unless accompanied by a parent. The a
19432	"Hello there,  We offer you our apartment in Paris. This 55m ² is located in the heart of Nation / Charonne, 10 minutes from Place de la Nation (Line 1/2/9/6 / RER A) and 1 minute from metro Buzenval!  We rent our apartment in the 20th arrondissement of Paris. This 55 m² and is located in the heart of a quiet and nice neighborhood. Only 10 minutes walk from Nation Metro (Line 1/2/6/9 and RER A) and 1 minute from Buzenval metro (Line 9).  The neighborhood is very nice, close to all amenities, extremely well connected in terms of transport.  The No. 57 bus is a minute's walk and lead you to the Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz.  Station bicycles is available across the street from the apartment.  The apartment comprises:  - A room on the course with a double bed  - Living room with TV, internet access  - Sofa ""daybed"" (convertible 1 place)  - A bathroom with a bath tub  - A kitchen with a microwave oven, a refrigerator with freezer, hob, mixer / blender, washing machine, coffee machine "	"Hello there,  We offer you our apartment in Paris. This 55m ² is located in the heart of Nation / Charonne, 10 minutes from Place de la Nation (Line 1/2/9/6 / RER A) and 1 minute from metro Buzenval!  We rent our apartment in the 20th arrondissement of Paris. This 55 m² and is located in the heart of a quiet and nice neighborhood. Only 10 minutes walk from Nation Metro (Line 1/2/6/9 and RER A) and 1 minute from Buzenval metro (Line 9).  The neighborhood is very nice, close to all amenities, extremely well connected in terms of transport.  The No. 57 bus is a minute's walk and lead you to the Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz.  Station bicycles is available across the street from the apartment.  The apartment comprises:  - A room on the course with a double bed  - Living room with TV, internet access  - Sofa ""daybed"" (convertible 1 place)  - A bathroom with a bath tub  - A kitchen with a microwave oven, a refrigerator with freezer, hob, mixer / blender, washing machine, coffee machine "
19433	1 bedroom with a double bed and a quality mattress , wooden floor ,  bright living room with 2 windows, 1 skylight and a sofa bed for daily use & for 1 sleeping more. A simple and practical kitchen .  Bathroom with shower.  Wifi	"Sheltered from the noise of the city , 35 m2 apartment , 2nd floor, windows overlooking on the course. Sun light in the morning until sunset.  This place called Ermitage is a singular place , charming, very friendly, country feeling in Paris! 1 bedroom with a double bed and a quality mattress , wooden floor ,  bright living room with 2 windows, 1 skylight and a sofa bed for daily use & for 1 sleeping more. A simple and practical kitchen .  Bathroom with shower.  Wifi Located in Ménilmontant .  Lively neighborhood is lively: shops, galleries, concert halls , restaurants, you can easily drink your coffee on the terrace in the sun. Close to Oberkampf/ Marais,  Subway 10 minutes by subway from the heart of Paris ( Châtelet station) 10 minutes by walk from the lovely Parc ""Buttes -Chaumont""  and ""Père- Lachaise""Metro stations:  Jourdain (line 11)  Gambetta (line 3)  Ménilmontant (line 2) Bus : 96 & 26 stop Pyrénées/Ménilmontant"
19434	Le logement :  Situé au cœur de Ménilmontant, ce très joli 2 pièces décoré avec soins vous offrira tout le confort nécessaire pour votre séjour dans la capitale.  L’appartement calme et lumineux est au 2e étage d’un vieil immeuble parisien (code-digicode) et donne sur deux cours intérieures.  Il est composé d'une pièce de vie avec cuisine américaine (toute équipée), d’une chambre avec 1 lit double, d’une salle de bain (wc-baignoire).  Vous pourrez aussi profiter sur place de toutes les commodités : lave-linge, repassage, Wi-Fi.  Le quartier de Ménilmontant est vivant, populaire où chacun y trouve sa place ! Le quartier : A proximité de tous les commerces dont vous aurez besoin ! Boulangerie, marché en plein air les mardi et vendredi, cafés, restaurants et plein de petits bars sympas pour sortir le soir.  A 10 min à pieds du célèbre cimetière du Père Lachaise, 15min de la Place de la République toute rénovée, 20min du vieux quartier du Marais.  En métro : la ligne 2 vous emmènera à Mont	40m2 très calme, à deux pas du métro Ménilmontant. Ligne 2, 7 stations de Gare du Nord, très appréciable si vous arrivez des aéroports Roissy Charles de Gaulle et Orly. Idéalement placé, République, Père Lachaise, Le Marais seront accessible à pieds. Le logement :  Situé au cœur de Ménilmontant, ce très joli 2 pièces décoré avec soins vous offrira tout le confort nécessaire pour votre séjour dans la capitale.  L’appartement calme et lumineux est au 2e étage d’un vieil immeuble parisien (code-digicode) et donne sur deux cours intérieures.  Il est composé d'une pièce de vie avec cuisine américaine (toute équipée), d’une chambre avec 1 lit double, d’une salle de bain (wc-baignoire).  Vous pourrez aussi profiter sur place de toutes les commodités : lave-linge, repassage, Wi-Fi.  Le quartier de Ménilmontant est vivant, populaire où chacun y trouve sa place ! Le quartier : A proximité de tous les commerces dont vous aurez besoin ! Boulangerie, marché en plein air les mardi et vendredi, cafés
19435	Bright, calm 48sqm, top floor with elevator. Well kept building on a little square, 3min Gambetta subway station and buses 69, 26 and 61.  2 min.walk to Père Lachaise cementery. Living , dining with open kitchen, one large bedroom, bath/shower with window.. All amenities, wash/dish, internet, tv, music. Design interior, clean, pleasant. Very nice neighbourhood, big outdoor market, 2 min. away every wed.and sat.lots of food and wine shops, post, bank etc.	Bright, calm 48sqm, top floor with elevator. Well kept building on a little square, 3min Gambetta subway station and buses 69, 26 and 61.  2 min.walk to Père Lachaise cementery. Living , dining with open kitchen, one large bedroom, bath/shower with window.. All amenities, wash/dish, internet, tv, music. Design interior, clean, pleasant. Very nice neighbourhood, big outdoor market, 2 min. away every wed.and sat.lots of food and wine shops, post, bank etc.
19436	Quiet and lightly, my appartement is composed  by a great living room (where you could find a sofa) with american kictchen, a bedroom and an ensuite bathroom with an Italian shower. There are french windows in each rooms which open on a green balcony and a view within 180° over Paris.	On the hill of Ménilmontant, in a late art déco building (1913), charming 2 rooms apt. it's sunny and quiet, recently renovated in wood and white. The plus : balcony with bistrot table to have breakfast or dinner and his view on the Eiffel Tower ! Quiet and lightly, my appartement is composed  by a great living room (where you could find a sofa) with american kictchen, a bedroom and an ensuite bathroom with an Italian shower. There are french windows in each rooms which open on a green balcony and a view within 180° over Paris. You're welcome ! 5 mn far from Père-lachaise cimetery, for your day walks and 7mn from Oberkampkf burrough, for your night runs ! Menilmontant area is great, and you will find some nice bars, restaurants and concert halls in the roads nearby. 4 and 7 mn walk from 2 stations de métro (lignes 2 et 3). There's also a bus station (ligne 96) which drives you in less than 20' in the center of Paris (Les Halles, Louvre, etc...).
19437	Sous-location d'appartement d'artiste avec piano, au 7eEt avec asc, dans résidence des années 70 avec digicode et gardien, au calme, sur jardin intérieur. La vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens est très appréciable : pièce principale très claire, pas de vis à vis, couleurs changeantes du ciel du matin au soir, sans parler des beaux couchers de soleil. Il n'y a pas de téléviseur, mais des livres en anglais et en français (romans, livres d'arts), et CD (de jazz pour l'essentiel puisque je suis musicienne de jazz) sont à disposition.	Idéalement situé entre métro Maraîcher (l.9)- Porte de Vincennes(l.1)- Avron(l.6) et le Tram. F1 de 33m2 bien agencé, situé au 7ème Et sur jardin. Bois de Vincennes, lacs, commerces et marchés à proximité. Libre du 18 Juillet au 3 ou 4 Août. Sous-location d'appartement d'artiste avec piano, au 7eEt avec asc, dans résidence des années 70 avec digicode et gardien, au calme, sur jardin intérieur. La vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens est très appréciable : pièce principale très claire, pas de vis à vis, couleurs changeantes du ciel du matin au soir, sans parler des beaux couchers de soleil. Il n'y a pas de téléviseur, mais des livres en anglais et en français (romans, livres d'arts), et CD (de jazz pour l'essentiel puisque je suis musicienne de jazz) sont à disposition. S'agissant d'un F1 réparti en étoile, vous avez accès à toutes les pièces : entrée, cuisine, sdb, pièce à vivre.  La pièce à vivre abrite le piano droit, deux bureaux année 50, un fauteuil années 70 et le convertible (trè
19438	balcony  view  brightness volume (very high ceiling )	Very bright 1 bedroom artist studio (55sq/meter) in a very quiet neighborhood. 1 kitchen and a large living room. 7th floor with a balcony, near metro The apartment is an open space with a mezzanine with double bed, one futon is available downstairs balcony  view  brightness volume (very high ceiling ) internet nice area with shops, cafés, restaurants olympic swimming pool and a cinéma bus and metro at 200 meters
19439	Mon B&B se situe dans le quartier branché de  Ménilmontant dans le XXème arrond. de Paris. De nombreux restaurants et salles de concert animent les environs. Le quartier est un lieu de vie très parisien, populaire et authentique.  Il s'agit d'un studio avec une entrée privée, une salle de bains privée, un bureau avec accès internet, un espace salon (avec TV/DVD) et une chambre avec un lit double (140x200). Bien que le quartier soit animé, on dort très bien au calme dans ce petit nid douillet.  Le petit-déjeuner est servi dans une très belle cuisine/salle à manger à l'heure qui vous conviendra. Etant cuisinière à mes heures perdus, j'aime plus que tout faire de plantureux petit-déjeuner avec des produits faits maison. Ce premier repas de la journée est un moment privilégié de rencontre et de convivialité. Les transports en commun permettent un accès direct à tous les monuments de Paris soit en bus, soit en métro. En bus, la Tour Eiffel et le centre de Paris sont à 20 minutes. En métro, 	Dans un quartier branché de Paris, venez profiter d'une vue incroyable sur toute la capitale dans un petit studio confortable. Composé d'une entrée privée, d'un espace bureau, d'une salle de douche, d'un petit salon et d'une chambre avec lit double.  Mon B&B se situe dans le quartier branché de  Ménilmontant dans le XXème arrond. de Paris. De nombreux restaurants et salles de concert animent les environs. Le quartier est un lieu de vie très parisien, populaire et authentique.  Il s'agit d'un studio avec une entrée privée, une salle de bains privée, un bureau avec accès internet, un espace salon (avec TV/DVD) et une chambre avec un lit double (140x200). Bien que le quartier soit animé, on dort très bien au calme dans ce petit nid douillet.  Le petit-déjeuner est servi dans une très belle cuisine/salle à manger à l'heure qui vous conviendra. Etant cuisinière à mes heures perdus, j'aime plus que tout faire de plantureux petit-déjeuner avec des produits faits maison. Ce premier repas de la
19440	Apartment in Paris 75020 Nation authentic neighborhood, Père Lachaise, Belleville, 300m from the bus and metro. 71 m2, on the 2nd floor in quiet building with code 1972, guard, elevator. including:   input Modern kitchen, worktop, sliding closet doors and glass splashback glass: kitchen, dishwasher, gas hob and oven Microwave, coffee ... table. Lounge with 3 seater leather sofa, sleeps 2, 2 leather armchairs, table 6 people (with extensions). Library Modern shower room with separate glass tiles, wall tiles glass paste small pink tiles, washing machine, storage, medicine cabinet + many mirrors Room with bed 160 * 200 cm Vanity, mirrors. Office with Internet, telephone, computer, 1 pers. Double glazing. Heating. Nearest stations: Lyon, Austerlitz, North, East, St Lazare. Metro: Ménilmontant crowns St Maur. Bus 96 live paris center and Gare Montparnasse. Places to visit: Belleville Park with air museum and view of Paris, Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Pere Lachaise Cemetery (funerary art museu	Apartment in Paris 75020 Nation authentic neighborhood, Père Lachaise, Belleville, 300m from the bus and metro. 71 m2, on the 2nd floor in quiet building with code 1972, guard, elevator. including:   input Modern kitchen, worktop, sliding closet doors and glass splashback glass: kitchen, dishwasher, gas hob and oven Microwave, coffee ... table. Lounge with 3 seater leather sofa, sleeps 2, 2 leather armchairs, table 6 people (with extensions). Library Modern shower room with separate glass tiles, wall tiles glass paste small pink tiles, washing machine, storage, medicine cabinet + many mirrors Room with bed 160 * 200 cm Vanity, mirrors. Office with Internet, telephone, computer, 1 pers. Double glazing. Heating. Nearest stations: Lyon, Austerlitz, North, East, St Lazare. Metro: Ménilmontant crowns St Maur. Bus 96 live paris center and Gare Montparnasse. Places to visit: Belleville Park with air museum and view of Paris, Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Pere Lachaise Cemetery (funerary art museu
19441	Le logement est bien isolé et donne sur une petite rue calme. Deuxième étage d'un petit immeuble. Il présente de nombreux rangements. Il possède en plus du nécessaire de cuisine, un lave-linge. 	"Lumineux Studio refait à neuf de 20m2 est idéal pour un séjour à deux.  Mur blanc, parquet en bois, et présence de deux fenêtres orientées sud. Vue et quartier agréable. Le lit de 160cm est neuf et très confortable.  Joliment décoré et aménagé ! Le logement est bien isolé et donne sur une petite rue calme. Deuxième étage d'un petit immeuble. Il présente de nombreux rangements. Il possède en plus du nécessaire de cuisine, un lave-linge. Je suis joignable sur mon portable pour tout besoin. Le quartier cosmopolitain est très vivant et chaleureux.  Il présente une quantité de commerces de proximités.  Un petit bar associatif ""Le Père Populaire"" est à 3mn du logement. A 10 minutes à Pied des puces de Montreuil. A 15 minutes à Pied du Père Lachaise. Métro : Avron/Buzenval/Maraichers Très bien desservit en transport en commun : Ligne 9, Bus 54 et à 5 minutes de Nation Ligne 1, Ligne 2, Ligne 9, Ligne 6 RER A Tram 3b à 10 minutes-Porte de Montreuil Tram 3a à 10 minutes - Porte de Vincennes L'a"
19442	Appartement neuf composé de 2 pièces principales communicantes desservies par un couloir. La chambre sur jardin dispose d'un vrai lit double entièrement neuf avec un matelas Bultex de 140 x 200, et d'une petite table/ bureau. La deuxième chambre est aménagée dans le salon, donnant sur la partie cuisine elle est équipée d'un vrai matelas neuf et d'un bureau en pin brut. Une chaine hifi et un écran sont à disposition dans cette seconde chambre.  Le logement est situé en plein cœur de Paris, dans le 20 ème arrondissement. Le quartier est très calme et l'on peut y apercevoir de jolie petite rue typique du début du siècle. 	Pretty new apartment, located in the heart of Paris in a quiet and friendly neighborhood. Close to transport, cafes and shops.
19443	Adapted for a couple and three children, very functional with good quality beds and nicely decorated, this apartment is very calm, nestled under the typically Parisian zinc rooftops.	A cosy nest in the heart of Paris, under the rooftops of a very calm residence, where your only disturbance will come from the noise made by the seagulls and the Jourdain Church bells. Very functional and with a lot of charm, this family apartment is Adapted for a couple and three children, very functional with good quality beds and nicely decorated, this apartment is very calm, nestled under the typically Parisian zinc rooftops. The apartment is entirely equipped with electrical household appliances : washing machine, dishwasher, internet, hair dryer, towels and bed linen. Children will be happy to discover the toys, dvds, comics and books left in their rooms. Equipped one year ago, the bedding is new and comfortable. I can guide you in my area and in town by giving you my special adresses ! A few minutes walk from the metro which takes you to Châtelet in 10 minutes and from the Velib station. The flat is located in the heart of the Jourdain village, in the north of Paris, a lively ar
19444	Appartement refait et repensé dans un esprit cocon, lumineux ave une touche industrielle...Notre appartement vous plaira par son aspect pratique et très lumineux et parfaitement conçu pour accueillir les enfants!	3 pcs lumineux et familial, refait à neuf dans  un esprit loft, tout équipé. Idéalement placé près de la place de la nation (4 lignes de métro et le ReR A) pour se rendre soit au Louvre ou au bois de Vincennes en 10mn Restaurants, commerces à proximité Appartement refait et repensé dans un esprit cocon, lumineux ave une touche industrielle...Notre appartement vous plaira par son aspect pratique et très lumineux et parfaitement conçu pour accueillir les enfants! Vous vous sentirez comme à la maison avec un accès à tous les équipements ... Pour toute information ou question, nous serons disponibles pour y répondre et vous guider pendant votre voyage un quartier vivant, multiculturel avec son marché deux fois par semaines, les petits bars et restaurants très bons rapports qualité/prix, le bois de vincennes ( un poumon) à 10mn et à 15 mn du centre, un accès à 4 lignes de métro et au RER pour être près de tout et en même temps comme dans un village Ligne 2,9,6 et RER A
19445	"The flat is very cosy and will make you feel at home. It is 30sq meter large, with a double bed in the the bedroom and a convertible sofa in the living room.  Bedding is excellent, and the kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, oven, kitchen ustensils, pots, pans, etc, as well as a washing machine and a TV.  You will be able to store all your belongings in a wide closet, installed for this purpose. Metro station Alexandre Dumas metro (line 2) is litteraly at the door.  Points of interests metro access: Nation Square (5 min), Montmartre (10 mn), Pigalle (Moulin Rouge and French Cancan) 15 min, Champs Elysées 25mn. Also, you will be 5 mn walk away from the famous Père Lachaise cemetary, where many stars are resting in peace. Grocery shopping is made easy (several hypermarkets are less than 1 min walk) Bonus: a street market at the door takes place every wednesday and saturday, you will be able to get ""terroir"" products and fresh fruits, meat and fish.  "	Our cosy apartment located in Paris will accomodate 4 people. Enjoy our fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, pots, kitchen ustensils, etc) as well as our confortable beds. The apartment is quiet and metro station takes a 15 seconds walk. The flat is very cosy and will make you feel at home. It is 30sq meter large, with a double bed in the the bedroom and a convertible sofa in the living room.  Bedding is excellent, and the kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, oven, kitchen ustensils, pots, pans, etc, as well as a washing machine and a TV.  You will be able to store all your belongings in a wide closet, installed for this purpose. Metro station Alexandre Dumas metro (line 2) is litteraly at the door.  Points of interests metro access: Nation Square (5 min), Montmartre (10 mn), Pigalle (Moulin Rouge and French Cancan) 15 min, Champs Elysées 25mn. Also, you will be 5 mn walk away from the famous Père Lachaise cemetary, where many stars are resting in peace. Grocery shopping is ma
19446	This nice apartment of 87 m² is located in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, at 5 min of Nation and 15 min of Bastille. The flat is located  on the 4th floor with elevator in a building standing. It features : 2 bedrooms, 1 double room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, 2 toilets. Lots of accommodation around.  Calm, clear and 3 minutes from metro Avron.  WIfi, internet and electric barbecue at your disposal.  Lively with restaurants and shops open late!                       .................................................................................. Ce joli appartement meublé  de 87 m² avec 30m2 de terrasse se trouve dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris-metro Avron ( Vous serais agréablement surpris de convivialité de ce quartier avec beaucoup de tres bon  restaurants et magasins ouvert tard ), à 5 min  de Nation et 15 min de Bastille et Marais- quartier tres anime et fashion et a 5 minutes a pieds de Père Lachaise et Menilmontant.   Iil est situé au 5Ème étage avec ascenseur dans un imm	This nice apartment of 87 m² is located in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, at 5 min of Nation and 15 min of Bastille. The flat is located  on the 4th floor with elevator in a building standing. It features : 2 bedrooms, 1 double room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, 2 toilets. Lots of accommodation around.  Calm, clear and 3 minutes from metro Avron.  WIfi, internet and electric barbecue at your disposal.  Lively with restaurants and shops open late!                       .................................................................................. Ce joli appartement meublé  de 87 m² avec 30m2 de terrasse se trouve dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris-metro Avron ( Vous serais agréablement surpris de convivialité de ce quartier avec beaucoup de tres bon  restaurants et magasins ouvert tard ), à 5 min  de Nation et 15 min de Bastille et Marais- quartier tres anime et fashion et a 5 minutes a pieds de Père Lachaise et Menilmontant.   Iil est situé au 5Ème étage avec ascenseur dans un imm
19447	Three rooms appartement with open kitchen, bathroom and seperate watercloset, shiny and quiet.	"Chambre lumineuse et calme dans un appartement de 3 pièces. Salle de bains partagée, avec baignoire. 5ème étage avec ascenseur. A proximité de la place de la Nation, accessible par les lignes de métro 1 et 9 et le tramway. Three rooms appartement with open kitchen, bathroom and seperate watercloset, shiny and quiet. Private room and shared bathroom. Metro line 9 ""Maraîchers"" or line 1 ""Porte de Vincennes"", and tramway."
19448	Studio très charmant et bien meublé au 3eme etage avec ascenceur, comprenant une grande chambre, une cuisine et une salle d'eau. Situé dans le quartier calme et familial près du Métro Gambetta à 15 mns à pied du Pere Lachaise ou des Buttes Chaumont, c'est un endroit où l'on se sent bien, où il fait bon vivre en couple ou en solitaire. Tout confort, internet, machine à laver, machine à café. Avec des tas de livres à lire sur places, des tableaux, un appartement d'artiste comprenant un long bureau pour travailler à deux. En bas, des boulangeries, un monoprix, des petits commerçants, un cinéma mk2 à 5mns. MINIMUM 5 NUITS! Studio very charming and well furnished on the 3rd floor with lift, with a large bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom. Located in the quiet and family near the Gambetta Metro 15 mins on foot from Père Lachaise or Buttes Chaumont, it is a place where you can feel well, where life is good as a couple or alone. All comforts, internet, washing machine, coffee machine. With lots	Studio très charmant et bien meublé au 3eme etage avec ascenceur, comprenant une grande chambre, une cuisine et une salle d'eau. Situé dans le quartier calme et familial près du Métro Gambetta à 15 mns à pied du Pere Lachaise ou des Buttes Chaumont, c'est un endroit où l'on se sent bien, où il fait bon vivre en couple ou en solitaire. Tout confort, internet, machine à laver, machine à café. Avec des tas de livres à lire sur places, des tableaux, un appartement d'artiste comprenant un long bureau pour travailler à deux. En bas, des boulangeries, un monoprix, des petits commerçants, un cinéma mk2 à 5mns. MINIMUM 5 NUITS! Studio very charming and well furnished on the 3rd floor with lift, with a large bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom. Located in the quiet and family near the Gambetta Metro 15 mins on foot from Père Lachaise or Buttes Chaumont, it is a place where you can feel well, where life is good as a couple or alone. All comforts, internet, washing machine, coffee machine. With lots
19449	Being often in province, I rent my charming studio in Paris (located a few minutes from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery). With a view on Paris, this is a 35 m2 studio located on the 6th and last floor (with elevator). Always clean and comfortable, this apartment is very bright and quiet, you will be woken up by birds living in the garden of the building. The arrangement of this large loft-looking studio is very functional : a big room to be lived, kitchen area (oven, gas, fridge, micro-wave, washing machine, blender, …), a bedroom area with a bed (for 2 people), a beautiful Bathroom (Italian shower, toilets) and a long flowery balcony. Gambetta district is safe, alive, quiet and so typical that you will love it. Good bakeries, bars and typically Parisian restaurants (for every budget) are situated within minutes from the apartment (Les Petits Oignons, Comme sur une île, le Chantefable), a street market every Wednesday and Saturday morning, supermarkets (Monoprix store in 2 minutes). 	With a view on Paris, this is a 35 m2 studio located on the 6th and last floor (with elevator). Always clean and comfortable, this apartment is very bright and quiet, you will be woken up by birds living in the garden of the building. Being often in province, I rent my charming studio in Paris (located a few minutes from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery). With a view on Paris, this is a 35 m2 studio located on the 6th and last floor (with elevator). Always clean and comfortable, this apartment is very bright and quiet, you will be woken up by birds living in the garden of the building. The arrangement of this large loft-looking studio is very functional : a big room to be lived, kitchen area (oven, gas, fridge, micro-wave, washing machine, blender, …), a bedroom area with a bed (for 2 people), a beautiful Bathroom (Italian shower, toilets) and a long flowery balcony. Gambetta district is safe, alive, quiet and so typical that you will love it. Good bakeries, bars and typically Parisia
19450	Appartement parisien typique, confortable, très bien situé. Parquet, moulures, miroirs et cheminées de décoration. Grande chambre avec lit deux places, un bureau, et plein de livres.	Grande et charmante chambre dans bel appartement (parquet, moulures), très clair, trois pièces et cuisine équipée. Le tout dans l'un des arrondissements les plus cool de Paris, quartier très commerçant, bars et restos pas loin... Appartement parisien typique, confortable, très bien situé. Parquet, moulures, miroirs et cheminées de décoration. Grande chambre avec lit deux places, un bureau, et plein de livres. En plus de la chambre, qui se situe près de la porte d'entrée et est donc assez indépendante, vous aurez à partager (de temps en temps) avec ma sympathique colocataire : - une cuisine toute équipée, avec menthe et ciboulette en pot pour se faire de petits plats ou des thé à la menthe - un joli salon avec canapé et grande bibliothèque (qui comporte quelques BD, des DVD, plein de livres, et notamment le guide du Routard de Paris 1992 ! bref, servez-vous), table basse, ou possibilité de sortir une table haute - une salle de bains avec baignoire, toilettes séparées Je ne serai pas pré
19451	La cuisine est très agréable (16m2) avec son petit bar, son vrai flipper ! et un frigo américain qui vous fera des glaçons s'il fait chaud...Vous y trouverez aussi un lave-linge et un lave-vaisselle... Les pièces communes sont vastes avec un grand canapé d'angle et un beau parquet au sol. La salle à manger avec table allongeable vous permettra de manger jusqu'à 8 personnes entourés par la bibliothèque. Et pour les courageux, un vélo elliptique professionnel facilement déplaçable vous attend dans la vaste entrée de l'appartement. L'appartement est situé au 3e étage d'un immeuble moderne avec un grand ascenseur...et une place de parking au sous-sol...	Appartement standing agréable d'une centaine m2  3 balcons Un grand salon et une salle à manger séparés qui communiquent 1 salle de bain avec Wc 1 wc séparé 1 salle de douche 3 chambres (1 chambre avec un grand lit et deux chambres avec lits simples) La cuisine est très agréable (16m2) avec son petit bar, son vrai flipper ! et un frigo américain qui vous fera des glaçons s'il fait chaud...Vous y trouverez aussi un lave-linge et un lave-vaisselle... Les pièces communes sont vastes avec un grand canapé d'angle et un beau parquet au sol. La salle à manger avec table allongeable vous permettra de manger jusqu'à 8 personnes entourés par la bibliothèque. Et pour les courageux, un vélo elliptique professionnel facilement déplaçable vous attend dans la vaste entrée de l'appartement. L'appartement est situé au 3e étage d'un immeuble moderne avec un grand ascenseur...et une place de parking au sous-sol... Partout Nous serons joignables par téléphone autant que de besoin et nous faisons appel à u
19452	It is very rare to have a beautiful view with no traffic noise in Paris. Our apartment is over looking the famous Pere Lachaise cematary with a flourishing mini woodland inbetween the apartment and the cematary walls. 	Beautiful apartment in the heart of the 20th arrondissement of Paris, Gambetta. Perfect for a couple looking to discover Paris, it has easy access to all subway lines and a beautiful view of the world famous pere lachaise cematary. It is very rare to have a beautiful view with no traffic noise in Paris. Our apartment is over looking the famous Pere Lachaise cematary with a flourishing mini woodland inbetween the apartment and the cematary walls.  Within 5 minutes walk there is a large supermarket, movie theatre and bus station connecting to all areas of Paris. Many trendy bars and classic parisian cafes! A 6 minute walk from Gambetta metro station (Paris metro line 3)nd
19453	Nice flat with 2 bedrooms, typical charm of Paris, very calm and shiny. The apartment contains 2 rooms(chambers) which have a double bed, there is a possibility of putting a mattress 1 place(square) in more and a little bed  is available for a child. One room is under the roof. All furnished, Internet WIFI, tv, kitchen open to the living room(Oven, sticks vitreous ceramic, refrigerator, freezer), washing machine.The bathroom includes a big shower, a washbasin and toilet. The apartment is very quiet, in the 5th and last floor and without face to face. There is no elevator but the floors are not high The neighborhood is very alive with bars and restaurant. The apartment is near of the center with metro line 2 menilmontant and line 3 parmentier, or bus line 96,61 and 69. I'll be pleased to give you more informations, don't hesitate to contact me. I rent my apartment because I'm traveling a lot with my job so other can enjoy it too! See you soon 	Nice flat with 2 bedrooms, typical charm of Paris, very calm and shiny. The apartment contains 2 rooms(chambers) which have a double bed, there is a possibility of putting a mattress 1 place(square) in more and a little bed  is available for a child. One room is under the roof. All furnished, Internet WIFI, tv, kitchen open to the living room(Oven, sticks vitreous ceramic, refrigerator, freezer), washing machine.The bathroom includes a big shower, a washbasin and toilet. The apartment is very quiet, in the 5th and last floor and without face to face. There is no elevator but the floors are not high The neighborhood is very alive with bars and restaurant. The apartment is near of the center with metro line 2 menilmontant and line 3 parmentier, or bus line 96,61 and 69. I'll be pleased to give you more informations, don't hesitate to contact me. I rent my apartment because I'm traveling a lot with my job so other can enjoy it too! See you soon 
19454	Situated on the 6th floor with an elevator this small flat is totally functionnal and fully equiped. The renovation has been made with elegant materials and respectful of the building style. The area is very close to the center by metro and buses situated at the foot of the building. The quarter of Place Gambetta has typical cafés restaurants and foodstores and is close to famous Père Lachaise cemetery 	This nice flat has been renovated recently by an architect. Situated in a beautiful old Parisian buiding this flat offers also a balcony with stunning view on park and roofs. Situated on the 6th floor with an elevator this small flat is totally functionnal and fully equiped. The renovation has been made with elegant materials and respectful of the building style. The area is very close to the center by metro and buses situated at the foot of the building. The quarter of Place Gambetta has typical cafés restaurants and foodstores and is close to famous Père Lachaise cemetery There is often multiple demands for the same dates so the best is to make a reservation directly 
19455	This bright flat is located on the last floor (6th) without elevator. It is very quiet with a nice view on the roofs of Paris. You will have at your disposal:  - A double living room with a sofa-bed (2 pers.) easy to open and equipped of a very conformable mattress - Kitchen, fully equipped (fridge, oven, espresso machine, toaster...)  - Bathroom with a hydromassage shower. - WC in a separate room - Laundry room with hanging rail for your clothes.	Quiet flat in a district offering proximity with the touristic areas of Paris (15 min Opera , 20 minutes from Saint Paul) while maintaining a typical Parisian neighborhood character. This bright flat is located on the last floor (6th) without elevator. It is very quiet with a nice view on the roofs of Paris. You will have at your disposal:  - A double living room with a sofa-bed (2 pers.) easy to open and equipped of a very conformable mattress - Kitchen, fully equipped (fridge, oven, espresso machine, toaster...)  - Bathroom with a hydromassage shower. - WC in a separate room - Laundry room with hanging rail for your clothes. My bedroom will not be accessible. Surface without = 32 sqm During your stay, I will be available by phone and email if you have any questions about the flat or would like some tips to have a great time in Paris. I speak fluently English, Spanish and understand Portuguese.  I will be delighted to meet you for check-in. This district offers an excellent proximity 
19456	Light, airy studio, all new, typically parisian neighbourhood.	Gorgeous spacious studio, separate bathroom, recently all done up, modern, bright, cosy, with a piano! Ideal for a couple. Light, airy studio, all new, typically parisian neighbourhood. Super-fast fibre optic internet access, fridge, microwave-grill, coffee maker, tea, tinkling on the piano.. Guests can contact me for whichever reason, best by sms. The Liberté boulangerie and its famous brunches, just across the park ; La Bellevilloise, beautiful live music bar restaurant with Terrace, 4 min walk ; Les Buttes Chaumont park with waterfalls and grassy slopes, 10 min walk ; Le Père Lachaise, famous cemetary, Oscar Wilde, Jim Morrison, Édith Piaf..., 10 min walk. Metro 11 direct from Châtelet, Bus 26 direct from Gare du Nord, Bus 60 direct to Montmartre (passing by the lovely canal St Martin), 10 min walk from Gambetta metro 3 direct to Opéra, Bus 96 direct to the Marais Wonderful food markets nearby on most mornings.
19457	Plein de charme, escalier fleuri, quartier très agréable surplombant Paris. Métro, station vélib´ et autolib´ à quelques mètres. Le quartier compte tous les commerces nécessaires, un épicier au pied de l'immeuble, un restaurant avec terrasse dans une rue piétonne, un petit square à 2 mètres. 	Charmant deux pièces au parquet ancien et tommettes en terre cuite. Au dernier étage d'un petit immeuble surplombant Paris et donnant sur une cour fleurie. Tout équipé, il est composé de couchages pour 4 personnes (2 lits deux places). Plein de charme, escalier fleuri, quartier très agréable surplombant Paris. Métro, station vélib´ et autolib´ à quelques mètres. Le quartier compte tous les commerces nécessaires, un épicier au pied de l'immeuble, un restaurant avec terrasse dans une rue piétonne, un petit square à 2 mètres.  Merci de ne pas emprunter mes vêtements et cosmétiques. Cependant, vous avez libre accès à la cuisine et aux livres, sans problème. Be my guest! Étant à l'étranger pour plusieurs semaines, vous serez en contact avec mon amie Bettina, qui vit à quelques minutes de l'appartement et qui saura vous accueillir comme il se doit! Le quartier est très agréable à vivre et pratique: nombreux commerçants : supermarché, épicier, tabacs, traiteurs, bouchers, formagers, pharmacie
19458	Au calme, et spatieux	"Bienvenue, je propose une chambre spatieuse dans un charmant appartement type F2, au calme, avec wifi. Situé à 200 mètres du célèbre cimetière du ""père Lachaise"". Très bien desservi par les transports: à 200mètres des métros 2 et 3, bus 61 et 69. A bientôt Au calme, et spatieux cuisine, salle de bain."
19459		Grand appartement duplex, lumineux et très confortable, 5 chambres, cuisine, 2 SdB, salon-salle à manger, 4 balcons. Univers enfants au 1er étage, 3 chambres, lits superposés, SdB. Quartier très sympa, cafés, restos et marché. 15mn à pied Bastille. 
19460	The appartement on the third floor. Separate toilet/bathroom with bathtub and open kitchen. In summer it never gets really hot, because of the east orientation. Room can be well ventilate.	"Clean cosy flat in lively neighbourhood. Five storey concret building from 1930 in area called ""La Campagne à Paris"". The appartement on the third floor. Separate toilet/bathroom with bathtub and open kitchen. 50m from Metro 3 10min from Paris center The appartement on the third floor. Separate toilet/bathroom with bathtub and open kitchen. In summer it never gets really hot, because of the east orientation. Room can be well ventilate. Entire room. A good friend of mine will be available to give you my home keys and can be reachable during your stay. C'est la campagne à Paris ! Or what it used to be, there is still pavillons up the around hills. Many cafés, restaurant, night life 10min on foot. You are in one of the real place to feel the real living Paris (quartiers populaires), people are simply more talkative and smiling than in the center or west side. Ask my contact who give you the key for more informations about your interests, he'll be glad to give you some tips. Very good publ"
19461	Il s'agit d'un duplex situé au deuxième et dernier étage d'un immeuble joliment décoré de 1930. Il comporte un salon avec canapé-lit, une chambre avec lit mezzanine deux places, une chambre avec lit une place et deux lits bébés, une petite cuisine, un WC et une salle de bain séparés, et, à l'étage, un chambre avec un lit double. Les fenêtres des deux chambres, de la cuisine et de la salle de bain ont vue sur une pelouse arborée, inaccessible au public. Le salon et la troisième chambre donnent sur le cours de Vincennes, mais l'appartement est calme grâce aux fenêtres à double vitrage. 	Trois-pièces calme et lumineux à 2 pas du métro-RER Nation + Tram, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 7 personnes et deux bébés. Tous commerces, marché, cafés, restaurants, traiteurs, squares à proximité. Un bon point de chute pour visiter Paris en famille ! Il s'agit d'un duplex situé au deuxième et dernier étage d'un immeuble joliment décoré de 1930. Il comporte un salon avec canapé-lit, une chambre avec lit mezzanine deux places, une chambre avec lit une place et deux lits bébés, une petite cuisine, un WC et une salle de bain séparés, et, à l'étage, un chambre avec un lit double. Les fenêtres des deux chambres, de la cuisine et de la salle de bain ont vue sur une pelouse arborée, inaccessible au public. Le salon et la troisième chambre donnent sur le cours de Vincennes, mais l'appartement est calme grâce aux fenêtres à double vitrage.  La cuisine est entièrement équipé et comporte un four classique et à micro-ondes, table de cuisson à gaz, cafetière, bouilloire, robot de cuisine, etc. Dans 
19462	Charmant deux pièces sur cour et jardin fleuri plein sud. Cachet parisien. Chambre, salle de bain, toilette, Grand salon avec cuisine US Métro ligne 9, bus 26, 57, métro Nation, RER A, métro Avron ligne 2	Charmant deux pièces sur cour et jardin fleuri plein sud. Cachet parisien. Chambre, salle de bain, toilette, Grand salon avec cuisine US Métro ligne 9, bus 26, 57, métro Nation, RER A, métro Avron ligne 2
19463	I rent my flat located in the 20th district of Paris in a charming cobbled street. This is a very quiet place, day and night, located at the end of a « cul de sac ». No cars, no tourists passing by. You can hear the birds and feed them from the window. The flat is modern, bright and fully at your disposal. It consists of an entrance, a kitchen and a living room ; There is a separated bedroom and a bathroom with toilet. The surface is 24m2 with two distinct rooms. It is convenient for 2 people on a short or long stay in Paris. Located on the second floor. 	The flat is modern, bright and fully at your disposal. It consists of an entrance, a kitchen and a living room ; There is a separated bedroom and a bathroom with toilet. The surface is 24m2 with two distinct rooms. Convenient for 2 people. I rent my flat located in the 20th district of Paris in a charming cobbled street. This is a very quiet place, day and night, located at the end of a « cul de sac ». No cars, no tourists passing by. You can hear the birds and feed them from the window. The flat is modern, bright and fully at your disposal. It consists of an entrance, a kitchen and a living room ; There is a separated bedroom and a bathroom with toilet. The surface is 24m2 with two distinct rooms. It is convenient for 2 people on a short or long stay in Paris. Located on the second floor. Access to the flat I lend 2 bicycles for your day tour. You will find them in the courtyard. Very quiet neighborhood. Some birds in the morning. No street, no passing by, no tourists walking around. 
19464	Possibilite d'une place de parking au sein de l'immeuble. Parking ferme et frais.	Grand deux pièces de 50m2, le double salon dispose d'un coin bureau avec un canapé futon convertible. Exposé plein sud, et vue sur église de ménilmontant! Calme. Lumineux proche de toutes les commodités, metro, bus,commerces.  Wifi Possibilite d'une place de parking au sein de l'immeuble. Parking ferme et frais.
19465		à 5mn à pied de la Nation. deux lignes de métro à proximité. vue sur jardin. 1er étage, atelier d'artiste au rdc. loge au rdc la mixité métro/bus...
19466		Appartement de 30 m² comprenant 1 chambre à 2 minutes du Père Lachaise et à côté de toutes commodités. Métro 2 minutes.  Appartement tout équipé.
19467	T1 (about 30m2), with the kitchen and the bathroom separated, at the 1st floor of a small house at the entrance of a nice cobbled street. The living room has a convertible sofa very confortable (matress Bultex 2 places), an other sofa (guest bed for 2), a desk, Wifi, wardrobe free, a hanging rail, one big tv lcd with some dvds & books The kitchen has a fridge, hob, (toaster), orange squeezer and all kind of dishes.  The bathroom has a bathtub, washing & drying machine, clothes horse, toilets.  (sheets and towels available if you need)	"Not huge, not modern ...  but well designed, peaceful and warm ! Welcome Uriel T1 (about 30m2), with the kitchen and the bathroom separated, at the 1st floor of a small house at the entrance of a nice cobbled street. The living room has a convertible sofa very confortable (matress Bultex 2 places), an other sofa (guest bed for 2), a desk, Wifi, wardrobe free, a hanging rail, one big tv lcd with some dvds & books The kitchen has a fridge, hob, (toaster), orange squeezer and all kind of dishes.  The bathroom has a bathtub, washing & drying machine, clothes horse, toilets.  (sheets and towels available if you need) All the flat. I can communicate with my email easily. The place is just above the ""Parc de Belleville"" with one of the best view of Paris (in competition with the one of Montmartre :)  5 minutes walk to the biggest ""Parc des Buttes Chaumont"".  All the commodities you need... good bakery, supermarket, nightmarket, tabaco, coffee, bar, restaurant... Bus and Métro in 200 meters. 1"
19468	Appartement Paris 37m², localité très prisée, Père Lachaise, place de la Nation, bastille, Situation géographique clé aussi pour périphérique et autoroute à 3min. A 20min de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, 35min de Eurodisney. Aux pieds des vlib, bus, métro et tramway. Tout confort, Appartement clair, Cuisine équipée avec accessoires et ustensiles, 1 Chambre avec lit 160x200cm (draps fournis), Salon très confortable, canape convertible pouvant accueillir deux personnes, grande TV câblée avec canal plus, internet, téléphone à disposition, wifi. Petite salle de douche (serviettes pour 4 personnes). Appartement lumineux au troisieme etage, immeuble securise par deux codes. Proche de tout, surtout en transport en commun, restaurants et boutiques sympas dans tout le quartier, bureau de poste, supermarchés, petits commerces, la campagne de Paris est à une rue,...le we le marché aux puces se trouve a 10min a pied. Marchés les jeudis samedis et dimanches. La localisation est parfaite pour les am	Appartement Paris 37m², localité très prisée, Père Lachaise, place de la Nation, bastille, Situation géographique clé aussi pour périphérique et autoroute à 3min. A 20min de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, 35min de Eurodisney. vlib, bus, métro.   Appartement Paris 37m², localité très prisée, Père Lachaise, place de la Nation, bastille, Situation géographique clé aussi pour périphérique et autoroute à 3min. A 20min de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, 35min de Eurodisney. Aux pieds des vlib, bus, métro et tramway. Tout confort, Appartement clair, Cuisine équipée avec accessoires et ustensiles, 1 Chambre avec lit 160x200cm (draps fournis), Salon très confortable, canape convertible pouvant accueillir deux personnes, grande TV câblée avec canal plus, internet, téléphone à disposition, wifi. Petite salle de douche (serviettes pour 4 personnes). Appartement lumineux au troisieme etage, immeuble securise par deux codes. Proche de tout, surtout en transport en commun, restaurants et boutiques sympa
19469	Wifi Dans le quartier, proche tout commerce, primeurs, boulangeries, boucheries, poissonnerie et supermarché, de nombreux restaurants. Cinéma à 7min à pied et parc à 5min Marché 2/semaines. Accessible en ligne direct par les transports en communs: les quartiers de République, Opéra, Bd Haussmann, le Louvre, Bastille ... 	Duplex de 58m² situé premier étage d'une maison de ville dans un quartier calme.  Grande pièce à vivre très lumineuse en bas, cuisine toute équipée pour recevoir et cuisiner, salon avec canapé-lit et coin bureau. A l'étage deux chambres avec 2 lits doubles. Wifi Dans le quartier, proche tout commerce, primeurs, boulangeries, boucheries, poissonnerie et supermarché, de nombreux restaurants. Cinéma à 7min à pied et parc à 5min Marché 2/semaines. Accessible en ligne direct par les transports en communs: les quartiers de République, Opéra, Bd Haussmann, le Louvre, Bastille ... 
19470	Great apartment entirely renovated by architect one year ago. 58 square meters apartment with a living room of 30 square meters with 3 windows and a nice fireplace, one big bedroom, a very nice kitchen, bathroom and dressing room.  The bed in the bedroom is very large (king size) and the mattress is excellent. In the living room there is an excellent sofa bed (Muji) for 2 persons and also another sofa on which one other person can sleep comfortably.  The apartment is located rue Saint-Ambroise, just one minute from Metro Saint-Ambroise (line 9) and Saint-Maur (line 3), in a very nice area of the 11th arrondissement, 5 minutes away from Le Marais and Chatelet. You can walk very easily to Boulevard Beaumarchais and rue Vieille du Temple which is the heart of Le Marais. The apartment is extremely quiet and  full of light, in the 2nd floor on a courtyard and a quiet street. It's fully equipped : fully equipped kitchen , washing machine with dryer, wireless, TV, hifi stereo... and also a ve	Great apartment entirely renovated by architect one year ago. 58 square meters apartment with a living room of 30 square meters with 3 windows and a nice fireplace, one big bedroom, a very nice kitchen, bathroom and dressing room.  The bed in the bedroom is very large (king size) and the mattress is excellent. In the living room there is an excellent sofa bed (Muji) for 2 persons and also another sofa on which one other person can sleep comfortably.  The apartment is located rue Saint-Ambroise, just one minute from Metro Saint-Ambroise (line 9) and Saint-Maur (line 3), in a very nice area of the 11th arrondissement, 5 minutes away from Le Marais and Chatelet. You can walk very easily to Boulevard Beaumarchais and rue Vieille du Temple which is the heart of Le Marais. The apartment is extremely quiet and  full of light, in the 2nd floor on a courtyard and a quiet street. It's fully equipped : fully equipped kitchen , washing machine with dryer, wireless, TV, hifi stereo... and also a ve
19471	This artist's loft is situated in the historic and artistic Menilmontant/Belleville neighborhood.  Very spacious and charming, this loft gets a lot of light, with windows giving onto the East and West.  It is located in a classical Ménilmontant building, built in 1880, and the floors in the loft are original terracottas!   Minilmally decorated with modern design furniture, this is a special and unique place to spend a week or a month in Paris.   The loft is fully furnished, with a separation for the sleeping area.  It is furnished with a comfortable queen size bed, and in the living area, there is a design sofa which also becomes a sleeper for 1 adult or 2 children.  The kitchen is big and airy; fully equipped, including utensils, plates, toaster, coffee maker, tea pots and boiler, fridge with freezer, and many spices that you can feel free to use.  There is a large wooden table in the open space, which is perfect for dinners, and also for working and reading.   The apartment comes equ	This artist's loft is situated in the historic and artistic Menilmontant/Belleville neighborhood.  Very spacious and charming, this loft gets a lot of light, with windows giving onto the East and West.  It is located in a classical Ménilmontant building, built in 1880, and the floors in the loft are original terracottas!   Minilmally decorated with modern design furniture, this is a special and unique place to spend a week or a month in Paris.   The loft is fully furnished, with a separation for the sleeping area.  It is furnished with a comfortable queen size bed, and in the living area, there is a design sofa which also becomes a sleeper for 1 adult or 2 children.  The kitchen is big and airy; fully equipped, including utensils, plates, toaster, coffee maker, tea pots and boiler, fridge with freezer, and many spices that you can feel free to use.  There is a large wooden table in the open space, which is perfect for dinners, and also for working and reading.   The apartment comes equ
19472	A 26 sq m (280 sq ft) studio apartment in the wonderful 20th arrondissement. The neighborhood is full of unique shops, cafés, restaurants and parks. The apartment is located on a small street and has a view over the roofs of Paris.  The studio, located on the 7th floor with an elevator, is fully equipped. The bathroom includes a bathtub and washing machine, which you are free to use. The main room has a lofted bed, large desk, couch, table and three chairs. The kitchen is separated from the main room and is equipped with all the appliances or utensils you may need should you want to make some meals at home. The studio is perfect for a couple or two friends as there is also an air mattress.  High-speed wireless internet is included, but there is no TV. Everything you need (supermarkets, bakeries, public transportation) is just a short walk away. I will leave you a guide to things in the neighborhood and maps.	26m² studio apartment in the wonderful 20th arrondissement! Lofted bed sleeps two. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. 5 minute walk from metro. Calm and bright. A 26 sq m (280 sq ft) studio apartment in the wonderful 20th arrondissement. The neighborhood is full of unique shops, cafés, restaurants and parks. The apartment is located on a small street and has a view over the roofs of Paris.  The studio, located on the 7th floor with an elevator, is fully equipped. The bathroom includes a bathtub and washing machine, which you are free to use. The main room has a lofted bed, large desk, couch, table and three chairs. The kitchen is separated from the main room and is equipped with all the appliances or utensils you may need should you want to make some meals at home. The studio is perfect for a couple or two friends as there is also an air mattress.  High-speed wireless internet is included, but there is no TV. Everything you need (supermarkets, bakeries, 
19473	Hi   I’m renting my 30 square meter studio-flat from the 9th of July to the 3rd of September in Paris (20th arrondissement). It is located on a street at the upper end of the Parc de Belleville (notorious for its panoramic view over Paris), 3 minutes walking from Jourdain or Pyrénées tube stations (line 11), 7 minutes walking from Botzaris station (line 7bis), 10 minutes from Couronnes station (line 2) and 1 minute walking from the bus route 26. The area’s quite typical, vaguely bohemian and has a strong village-feeling, about 15 minutes door-to-door from Châtelet. The fancy Parc des Buttes Chaumont is also within close walking distance, as well as the nightlife spot Oberkampf and some restaurants, clubs and music venues.   The studio includes all the following equipments: -         a fully equipped kitchen (combined micro wave oven + classic oven, dishwasher, etc…) -         a bathroom with a washing machine -         a large plate-glass window opening on a very wide view, with electr	Hi   I’m renting my 30 square meter studio-flat from the 9th of July to the 3rd of September in Paris (20th arrondissement). It is located on a street at the upper end of the Parc de Belleville (notorious for its panoramic view over Paris), 3 minutes walking from Jourdain or Pyrénées tube stations (line 11), 7 minutes walking from Botzaris station (line 7bis), 10 minutes from Couronnes station (line 2) and 1 minute walking from the bus route 26. The area’s quite typical, vaguely bohemian and has a strong village-feeling, about 15 minutes door-to-door from Châtelet. The fancy Parc des Buttes Chaumont is also within close walking distance, as well as the nightlife spot Oberkampf and some restaurants, clubs and music venues.   The studio includes all the following equipments: -         a fully equipped kitchen (combined micro wave oven + classic oven, dishwasher, etc…) -         a bathroom with a washing machine -         a large plate-glass window opening on a very wide view, with electr
19474		I rent my flat just for the summer. It is a beautiful and cosy apartment in an amazing area of Paris. The district Gambetta is very nice, next to the famous cimetery Pere Lachaise and just 5/6 station = 15min in Metro from the center.  :)
19475	"Ce studio atypique installé dans une ancienne boutique parisienne, dans le charmant quartier ""la campagne à Paris"", est très accessible en transports en communs et en voiture. Il peut accueillir 3 personnes et possède une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse, une petite cuisine, une salle d'eau. Le logement est situé dans un immeuble typique des années 1930. Au rez-de-chaussée, une pièce à vivre qui comprend un coin pour les repas et un canapé-lit pour se détendre. En descendant, vous trouverez la cuisinette et la salle d'eau avec douche à l'italienne et toilettes. Cuisinenette avec plaques électriques, frigidaire, four micro-ondes, bouilloire, cafetière, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine ; café et thé pour le petit-déjeuner. Wifi gratuit Linge de lit et linge de toilette fournis, gel douche. Je pourrai vous renseigner sur les restos et cafés sympas dans le quartier et au-delà, sur les expos à voir, les quartiers sympas à visiter. Le quartier est calme et agréable, avec des restaurants, caf"	"Ce studio atypique installé dans une ancienne boutique parisienne, dans le charmant quartier ""la campagne à Paris"", est très accessible en transports en communs et en voiture. Il peut accueillir 3 personnes et possède une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse, une petite cuisine, une salle d'eau. Le logement est situé dans un immeuble typique des années 1930. Au rez-de-chaussée, une pièce à vivre qui comprend un coin pour les repas et un canapé-lit pour se détendre. En descendant, vous trouverez la cuisinette et la salle d'eau avec douche à l'italienne et toilettes. Cuisinenette avec plaques électriques, frigidaire, four micro-ondes, bouilloire, cafetière, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine ; café et thé pour le petit-déjeuner. Wifi gratuit Linge de lit et linge de toilette fournis, gel douche. Je pourrai vous renseigner sur les restos et cafés sympas dans le quartier et au-delà, sur les expos à voir, les quartiers sympas à visiter. Le quartier est calme et agréable, avec des restaurants, caf"
19476	Very quiet, sunny and spacious duplex, east and west oriented, located a few path from subway and bus stations and 5 minutes walking from the lovely Jourdain in the trendy XXth area.  You'll be just next to the tube station Télégraphe that will bring you within 10 mn to République/Hôtel de Ville/Chatelet. The Jourdain area is known for its authenticity and it's village like atmosphere, its little streets, passageways, small yards... You'll also find there many shops, bakeries, wine shops, minimarkets, restaurants and bars. It's a very trendy area. On first floor : 1 extralarge living and dining room (80 sqared meters). Nespresso machine with coffee, table up to 12 perons. View on trees on both sides. Access to a small private garden where yo can have breakfast or diner, or enjoy a drink with a book after visiting museums. On second floor : 3 nice bedrooms (one double bed, the two others with single or double beds as you prefer), one big bathroom The area :  >1mn walking : bus and subwa	Very quiet, sunny and spacious duplex, east and west oriented, located a few path from subway and bus stations and 5 minutes walking from the lovely Jourdain in the trendy XXth area.  You'll be just next to the tube station Télégraphe that will bring you within 10 mn to République/Hôtel de Ville/Chatelet. The Jourdain area is known for its authenticity and it's village like atmosphere, its little streets, passageways, small yards... You'll also find there many shops, bakeries, wine shops, minimarkets, restaurants and bars. It's a very trendy area. On first floor : 1 extralarge living and dining room (80 sqared meters). Nespresso machine with coffee, table up to 12 perons. View on trees on both sides. Access to a small private garden where yo can have breakfast or diner, or enjoy a drink with a book after visiting museums. On second floor : 3 nice bedrooms (one double bed, the two others with single or double beds as you prefer), one big bathroom The area :  >1mn walking : bus and subwa
19477	Appartement 2 pièces, avec balcon, ensoleillé, à 2 mins à pied de la place de la Nation et à proximité de nombreux bar, restaurants et commerces. Idéal pour visiter Paris et/ou faire un tour à Disneyland / 2 r. appartment, with balcony, facing south, 2 minute-walk from la place de laNation. Appartement 2 pièces, avec balcon, ensoleillé, à 2 mins à pied de la place de la Nation et à proximité de nombreux bar, restaurants et commerces. Idéal pour visiter Paris et/ou faire un tour à Disneyland / 2 r. appartment, with balcony, facing south, 2 minute-walk from la place de laNation.  L'appartement est situé dans une résidence calme et moderne. Vous pourrez profiter d'un rétroprojecteur avec écran de 3 m et de ma collection de bande dessinée.  Si vous venez à plus de deux, le salon dispose d'un confortable lit-canapé.   Vous disposerez également d'une grande chambre avec un lit deux place et des espaces de rangement.  La cuisine est toute équipée. La résidence est sécurisée et dispose d'un ga	Appartement 2 pièces, avec balcon, ensoleillé, à 2 mins à pied de la place de la Nation et à proximité de nombreux bar, restaurants et commerces. Idéal pour visiter Paris et/ou faire un tour à Disneyland / 2 r. appartment, with balcony, facing south, 2 minute-walk from la place de laNation. Appartement 2 pièces, avec balcon, ensoleillé, à 2 mins à pied de la place de la Nation et à proximité de nombreux bar, restaurants et commerces. Idéal pour visiter Paris et/ou faire un tour à Disneyland / 2 r. appartment, with balcony, facing south, 2 minute-walk from la place de laNation. Appartement 2 pièces, avec balcon, ensoleillé, à 2 mins à pied de la place de la Nation et à proximité de nombreux bar, restaurants et commerces. Idéal pour visiter Paris et/ou faire un tour à Disneyland / 2 r. appartment, with balcony, facing south, 2 minute-walk from la place de laNation.  L'appartement est situé dans une résidence calme et moderne. Vous pourrez profiter d'un rétroprojecteur avec écran de 3 m e
19478	Cosy apartment overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and very sunny Faicing directly south One room with bathroom, one living room with sofa kitchen and WC. 	One large bedroom, a nice bathroom with italian shower, one living room with sofa, tv, etc. The kitchen is open on the living room. Very quiet flat, on a green courtyard. Nice neighbor next to the citycenter.
19479	Cet appartement a un charme à la parisienne, les petites cheminées, les moulures au plafond et le parquet d'époque au sol. Il a la chance de donner sur deux cours le bruit de la rue et des voitures n'existe pas dans ce logement. Le quartier très sympa donne accès en bus et en métro très rapidement aux endroits festifs et sympathiques de Paris (les buttes-Chaumont, Ménilmontant, Belleville, le canal Saint-Martin,..). A votre arrivée je vous donnerai mes bons petits plans (resto atypique et pas cher, bars, jolies endroits,..), mon petit carnet d'adresse sera à votre disposition.  L'appartement dispose de deux pièces une chambre avec lit double avec des étagères prévu pour pouvoir ranger vos affaires, un salon avec un très confortable canapé convertible pour deux personnes. Les Wc et la salle de bain sont séparés. Et la cuisine dispose de tout le matériel nécessaire, vous pourrez donc vous lancez en cuisine sans problème. L'appartement peut ainsi recevoir un maximum de 4 personnes. Vous t	    Sympathique appartement, niché dans un immeuble de style haussmannien et dans un chouette quartier (Gambetta). L'appartement a été entièrement rénové et dispose de tout le confort possible (frigo, four, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, wifi,..).       Cet appartement a un charme à la parisienne, les petites cheminées, les moulures au plafond et le parquet d'époque au sol. Il a la chance de donner sur deux cours le bruit de la rue et des voitures n'existe pas dans ce logement. Le quartier très sympa donne accès en bus et en métro très rapidement aux endroits festifs et sympathiques de Paris (les buttes-Chaumont, Ménilmontant, Belleville, le canal Saint-Martin,..). A votre arrivée je vous donnerai mes bons petits plans (resto atypique et pas cher, bars, jolies endroits,..), mon petit carnet d'adresse sera à votre disposition.  L'appartement dispose de deux pièces une chambre avec lit double avec des étagères prévu pour pouvoir ranger vos affaires, un salon avec un très confortable canapé 
19480	Near to Menilmontant Station. Very quiet and modern studio.	Studio in the center of Paris. There are a lot of restaurants, bars in Oberkampf Street. But you will be calm because it is an apartment overlooking the courtyard. Renovated and modern. Swimming pool and fitness center in the neighbor building. Near to Menilmontant Station. Very quiet and modern studio.
19481	"The flat to rent is located in the great district of ""Belleville/Ménilmontant""  called the village, perfect to discover the authentique Paris. The apartment itself is bright, located on the second floor of a little house, with a doble exposure (four windows with a view on Paris) You will enjoy the flat, with one living room with open kitchen (oven, fridge, cooker hood, induction plate), parquet, a bedroom, a bathroom (italian shower) , toilet, and washing-machine.  Free high-speed Internet connection and free phone calls to Europe and the US. The flat is well located in a quiet area: The apartment is right by the Pyrénées or Jourdain Metro station (line 11), only a 10 minute ride away from the Châtelet-Les-Halles station (near Centre Pompidou Quartier du Marais, Notre-Dame de Paris). You'll also enjoy walks around the 19th and 20th : cute small streets, hided houses, and beautiful sight of Paris.  "	"This apartment totally renovated & comfortable has a doble exposure with a panoramic view on Paris Belleville. You will enjoy the  ""village"" atmosphere of this quiet neighborhood. The flat to rent is located in the great district of ""Belleville/Ménilmontant""  called the village, perfect to discover the authentique Paris. The apartment itself is bright, located on the second floor of a little house, with a doble exposure (four windows with a view on Paris) You will enjoy the flat, with one living room with open kitchen (oven, fridge, cooker hood, induction plate), parquet, a bedroom, a bathroom (italian shower) , toilet, and washing-machine.  Free high-speed Internet connection and free phone calls to Europe and the US. The flat is well located in a quiet area: The apartment is right by the Pyrénées or Jourdain Metro station (line 11), only a 10 minute ride away from the Châtelet-Les-Halles station (near Centre Pompidou Quartier du Marais, Notre-Dame de Paris). You'll also enjoy walks a"
19482	Sunny flat with a balcony and a panoramic view on Paris's roofs. Full furnished, internet included, laptop access. 4 persons maximum, housework included. Very close from shops, metro lines 2 and 11 and buses. The district is picturesque, authentic, young and dynamic. 	Sunny flat with a balcony and a panoramic view on Paris's roofs. Full furnished, internet included, laptop access. 4 persons maximum, housework included. Very close from shops, metro lines 2 and 11 and buses. The district is picturesque, authentic, young and dynamic. 
19483	3/4 rooms appartment wiht balcony.  Calm.   1 bedroom with queen size bed 1 bedroom with couch/full bed 1 large living-room with couch/full bed Accomodates 1 to 6 persons Modern and well kept building.  All rooms look directly on gardens. Fully equiped separate kitchen, bathroom, restroom.  DSL, wifi, cable TV.   Restaurants, bars and grocery shopping facilities nearby. Open green markets 5' from Metro and bus. Located near Menilmontant and Belleville, the new artsy trendy neighbourhood, where a mixed crowd of artists and trendsetters gather in galleries and bars.   20' metro from most attractive sight seing spots in Paris. Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou, le Louvre. Montmartre. 15' walking distance from Père Lachaise or Buttes Chaumont A booklet  left in the appartement will give you all the details (market addresses and dates, maps, guides, etc...) Bed linens are provided. House cleaning can be provided upon request.	3/4 rooms appartment wiht balcony.  Calm.   1 bedroom with queen size bed 1 bedroom with couch/full bed 1 large living-room with couch/full bed Accomodates 1 to 6 persons Modern and well kept building.  All rooms look directly on gardens. Fully equiped separate kitchen, bathroom, restroom.  DSL, wifi, cable TV.   Restaurants, bars and grocery shopping facilities nearby. Open green markets 5' from Metro and bus. Located near Menilmontant and Belleville, the new artsy trendy neighbourhood, where a mixed crowd of artists and trendsetters gather in galleries and bars.   20' metro from most attractive sight seing spots in Paris. Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou, le Louvre. Montmartre. 15' walking distance from Père Lachaise or Buttes Chaumont A booklet  left in the appartement will give you all the details (market addresses and dates, maps, guides, etc...) Bed linens are provided. House cleaning can be provided upon request.
19484	Quiet house, in Paris, close to Bastille. perfect for families or friends.	Grande maison familiale, de type provencal, a quelques stations  de Bastille, avec petite cour. trés calme, agréable, parfaite pour une famille. Quiet house, in Paris, close to Bastille. perfect for families or friends.
19485		Mezzanine, avec un lit deux places et séparé par un rideau un lit une place, très clair, Paris 20è, métro Jourdain( ligne11) + bus (26, 60, 96)
19486		Agréable studio (1er étage) dans le centre de Paris au pied du parc de Belleville
19487	It is a 2 bedroom 35m2 on the 5th floor (no lift) located in Paris Porte de Montreuil. The apartment itself is quiet, without vis-à vis and very luminous. There is one bedroom with a sofa bed for 2 people 1.20 / 1,90 m. Can accommodate 2 other people with a mattress 1,40 / 1,90 m that can be put in the lounge or in the bedroom. Towels and sheets are provided! There is Wifi internet, TV, washing machine, oven, microwave ... A shower room and toilet. In short everything you need for a pleasant time in Paris! The nearest metro station is Porte de Montreuil on line 9 and the station is located almost at the foot of the building. There is also a Velib station in front of the building. Located in a lively area, close to the Montreuil market and Pere Lachaise Cemetery. 25 minutes by metro from  the center! There are many shops nearby. Ideal for couples! Il s'agit d'un 2 pièces de 35m2 au 5e étage (sans ascenseur) situé Porte de Montreuil à Paris.  L'appartement lui même est calme, sans vis-à 	35m2 There's a bedroom, a livingroom with a kitchen and a bathroom. This flat is ideal for a couple who wants to visit Paris! It is a 2 bedroom 35m2 on the 5th floor (no lift) located in Paris Porte de Montreuil. The apartment itself is quiet, without vis-à vis and very luminous. There is one bedroom with a sofa bed for 2 people 1.20 / 1,90 m. Can accommodate 2 other people with a mattress 1,40 / 1,90 m that can be put in the lounge or in the bedroom. Towels and sheets are provided! There is Wifi internet, TV, washing machine, oven, microwave ... A shower room and toilet. In short everything you need for a pleasant time in Paris! The nearest metro station is Porte de Montreuil on line 9 and the station is located almost at the foot of the building. There is also a Velib station in front of the building. Located in a lively area, close to the Montreuil market and Pere Lachaise Cemetery. 25 minutes by metro from  the center! There are many shops nearby. Ideal for couples! Il s'agit d'un 
19488	 32 m2 apartment for 1 to 4 persons, nice, sunny, fully renovated:  - Large living room with sleeping area (retractable wall bed: real comfortable bed fot 2 people: 140/190), sitting area (sofa bed for 2 : (phone number hidden) armchairs, flat screen TV, WiFi), dinette (bistro table, 2 chairs, 2 stools) . - Bathroom fully equipped, shower, sink, hair dryer, washing machine. - Separate toilet. - Entrance Kitchenette fully equipped (fridge, hob, microwave, electric oven ...). cupboards Sheets, towels, soap, shower gel, shampoo provided. The kitchen commodities. Private access by digital code + intercom. Keeper from Monday to Saturday. Parking is available in the basement with a supplement of 11 € per day. 	Studio ideal to visit Paris, close to shops and transport, in a lively district, close to Pere Lachaise. 32m2, sunny, renovated, well equipped, Wifi, 8th floor elevator, parking (fee) in the basement.  32 m2 apartment for 1 to 4 persons, nice, sunny, fully renovated:  - Large living room with sleeping area (retractable wall bed: real comfortable bed fot 2 people: 140/190), sitting area (sofa bed for 2 : (phone number hidden) armchairs, flat screen TV, WiFi), dinette (bistro table, 2 chairs, 2 stools) . - Bathroom fully equipped, shower, sink, hair dryer, washing machine. - Separate toilet. - Entrance Kitchenette fully equipped (fridge, hob, microwave, electric oven ...). cupboards Sheets, towels, soap, shower gel, shampoo provided. The kitchen commodities. Private access by digital code + intercom. Keeper from Monday to Saturday. Parking is available in the basement with a supplement of 11 € per day. Our guests available TV and broadband Wifi, kettle, toaster, washing machine, iron and
19489	Je serai heureuse de vous accueillir selon les deux modalités possibles : en vous laissant l'appartement en entier ou en vous louant une chambre lit double. Je pratique un tarif spécial familles monoparentales Au plaisir de vous recevoir.    APPARTEMENT  Lumineux 3 pièces de 60m2 dans un immeuble Art Déco, situé dans le quartier animé du village Jourdain des hauts de Belleville. Esprit loft, belle hauteur sous plafond, grand living avec couchage une place (sofa).  Deux chambres : Une chambre d'enfant comprenant un lit double (futon) + un petit lit ; et une seconde chambre avec un lit double (futon). TV 80cm, lecteur DVD, Wi-Fi.   Cuisine équipée indépendante avec four électrique, lave-linge, sèche-linge, lave vaisselle ;  salle de douche à l'italienne avec WC. Draps, taies et serviettes fournis. Appartement situé au 1er étage, accessible par digicode et interphone. VIE DE QUARTIER Jourdain est un village à Paris. C'est un quartier vivant où il fait bon vivre qui accueille de nombreux é	Je serai heureuse de vous accueillir selon les deux modalités possibles : en vous laissant l'appartement en entier ou en vous louant une chambre lit double. Je pratique un tarif spécial familles monoparentales Au plaisir de vous recevoir.    APPARTEMENT  Lumineux 3 pièces de 60m2 dans un immeuble Art Déco, situé dans le quartier animé du village Jourdain des hauts de Belleville. Esprit loft, belle hauteur sous plafond, grand living avec couchage une place (sofa).  Deux chambres : Une chambre d'enfant comprenant un lit double (futon) + un petit lit ; et une seconde chambre avec un lit double (futon). TV 80cm, lecteur DVD, Wi-Fi.   Cuisine équipée indépendante avec four électrique, lave-linge, sèche-linge, lave vaisselle ;  salle de douche à l'italienne avec WC. Draps, taies et serviettes fournis. Appartement situé au 1er étage, accessible par digicode et interphone. VIE DE QUARTIER Jourdain est un village à Paris. C'est un quartier vivant où il fait bon vivre qui accueille de nombreux é
19490	This 69m2 flat was entirely renovated a few months ago. It is composed of:  - A living room with an equipped kitchen + comfortable sofa  - A small bedroom with a double bed  - A medium room with a single bed - A big room with a single bed - A bathroom with a shower - It is equipped with wifi and all necessary domestic appliances (dish washer, induction hobs, oven, fridge, freezer, iron...) The flat is on the 1st floor. The 3 bedroommes are on the cour 	"Hi I propose you an caracter appartment (Style HAUSSMANIEN), place in ""Village JOURDAIN"", a very nice place in paris, typical with a lot of charm (PARIS 20) You will have 3 comfortable rooms, ideal for a couple with 2 or 3 childrens  This 69m2 flat was entirely renovated a few months ago. It is composed of:  - A living room with an equipped kitchen + comfortable sofa  - A small bedroom with a double bed  - A medium room with a single bed - A big room with a single bed - A bathroom with a shower - It is equipped with wifi and all necessary domestic appliances (dish washer, induction hobs, oven, fridge, freezer, iron...) The flat is on the 1st floor. The 3 bedroommes are on the cour It is 5 minutes walk from both the parc des Buttes Chaumont and the parc de Belleville. It is very well connected to the center of Paris through the métro. Located near the metro Jourdain, you are in 15 minutes in CHATELET LES HALLES and 10 minutes in POMPIDOU It’a a lively and friendly area which looks like "
19491	Appartement très ensoleillé au coeur d'un quartier mithique de Paris.	Chambre très ensoleillé dans un 2 pièces calme au coeur de Ménilmontant. Pour moi bien recevoir c'est normal et je pense que vous vous sentirais comme chez vous. Je parle Portugais, Français, Anglais, Espagnol, n hesitais a poser des questions. Appartement très ensoleillé au coeur d'un quartier mithique de Paris. a tout les pieces qui sont présenté dans les photos. Il a que ma piece a la quelle l accès m est reservé. Dans la mesure de ma disponibilité bien sure que je serais la pour tout vos doutes Quartier vivant et très parisien avec commerces, transports, vie nocturne a deux pas. tout les transports..metro, bus, velib, taxi
19492	Very confortable for 2 persons. 	Lovely Bedstudio in Menilmontant.  Good location! it is not a touristic area but nice and trendy. (bars and restaurants) The studio is very close to the tube station  (less than 5 min) Studio confortable for 2 persons : double bed, kitchen... Very confortable for 2 persons. You have the whole studio for yourself. I will be available for all your questions. - Very trendy area.  A lot of bars and restaurants are very close to the studio ; but you will not be disturb by the noice.  - The church Beautiful church and the place around is very nice. - The Park Belleville Park is very close to the flat (3 mins walking). It is really nice during summer. Less than 5 min walking from Metro Menilmontant Line 2, direct from Montmartre, Pigalle, Champs Elysees and Gare du Nord. 2 min walking rent a bike (Velib) 2 min walking rent a car (Autolib)
19493	Private room all comfort 4th floor (with elevator) in a 1900 building near Gambetta metro station (line 3), Paris 20th arrondissement. YOUR ROOM Real bed (120x200), desk, closet, drawers, rug and wooden floor, wifi, gas heating. KITCHEN Equipped kitchen, electric oven and heating plates, fridge, toaster, blender, boiler.. BATHROOM Brand new, Bathtub, warm towel, drawers for your stuff, clean towels, hair dryer THE BUILDING Typical Parisian 1900  Entry system with a code (you'll have a badge with the appartment key) and intercom Clean and maintained every friday from top to bottom Recycle bin for glass and recycled material. THE AREA Gambetta (Place and Metro station) is located above Pere Lachaise cimetery and next to Belleville and Menilmontant area. Gambetta area is a very alive neighborhood because of cultural activities: Concerts: La belleviloise, la Maroquinerie, la Flèche d'or.. Art galleries, young fashion design, Theaters.. and architecture in the area itslef. - Many little sho	Private room all comfort 4th floor (with elevator) in a 1900 building near Gambetta metro station (line 3), Paris 20th arrondissement. YOUR ROOM Real bed (120x200), desk, closet, drawers, rug and wooden floor, wifi, gas heating. KITCHEN Equipped kitchen, electric oven and heating plates, fridge, toaster, blender, boiler.. BATHROOM Brand new, Bathtub, warm towel, drawers for your stuff, clean towels, hair dryer THE BUILDING Typical Parisian 1900  Entry system with a code (you'll have a badge with the appartment key) and intercom Clean and maintained every friday from top to bottom Recycle bin for glass and recycled material. THE AREA Gambetta (Place and Metro station) is located above Pere Lachaise cimetery and next to Belleville and Menilmontant area. Gambetta area is a very alive neighborhood because of cultural activities: Concerts: La belleviloise, la Maroquinerie, la Flèche d'or.. Art galleries, young fashion design, Theaters.. and architecture in the area itslef. - Many little sho
19494	Superb duplex of 140m2 in true Parisian neighborhood, very quiet with views over the rooftops of Paris (Eiffel Towers / Sacred Heart) The apartment consists of 4 parts; Upstairs 1 adult double bedroom, 1 children's bedroom (2 single beds), a bathroom with bath, separate toilet. Sheets and towels are provided. The bottom consists of an entrance with laundry (washer and dryer), a kitchen with table (4 people) (dishwasher, stove, oven, fridge-freezer, microwave, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine ...); a large living / dining room (dining table 6 seats, sofa bed, coffee table, TV and DVD player, game console, stereo), 1 Separate toilet. All the desired amenities are only a few steps: a Carrefour supermarket 2 mins, fame shopping street of the Pyrenees a few steps (caterers, delicatessens, bakeries, butchers delicatessen, wine, cheese ...), good restaurants and nice cafes around, but also a MK2 cinema, theaters Hill and the East Paris, the concert hall of the golden Arrow 10/15 minutes walk	Superb duplex of 140m2 in true Parisian neighborhood, very quiet with views over the rooftops of Paris (Eiffel Towers / Sacred Heart) Superb duplex of 140m2 in true Parisian neighborhood, very quiet with views over the rooftops of Paris (Eiffel Towers / Sacred Heart) The apartment consists of 4 parts; Upstairs 1 adult double bedroom, 1 children's bedroom (2 single beds), a bathroom with bath, separate toilet. Sheets and towels are provided. The bottom consists of an entrance with laundry (washer and dryer), a kitchen with table (4 people) (dishwasher, stove, oven, fridge-freezer, microwave, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine ...); a large living / dining room (dining table 6 seats, sofa bed, coffee table, TV and DVD player, game console, stereo), 1 Separate toilet. All the desired amenities are only a few steps: a Carrefour supermarket 2 mins, fame shopping street of the Pyrenees a few steps (caterers, delicatessens, bakeries, butchers delicatessen, wine, cheese ...), good restaurants a
19495	Fans of art exhibitions and culture, Welcome in Paris !  A charming little 2-room in a arty area, nearby the subway and two beautiful parcs.  Bistrots and cafés in a typical parisian neighborhood...	Nearby two beautiful parcs in Paris, Belleville and Les Buttes-Chaumont ! A comfy two room to discover Paris, one bedroom and one living room. Full of books, art, and culture... Fans of art exhibitions and culture, Welcome in Paris !  A charming little 2-room in a arty area, nearby the subway and two beautiful parcs.  Bistrots and cafés in a typical parisian neighborhood... You'll have access to the entire appartement, modern and comfortable in a typical popular ancient building.  This apartment is fully furnished and equipped (FREE WIFI, deep-freeze, washing machine, oven, sheets, towels…). A chest of drawers empty for your clothes in the bedroom. I welcome you at your arrival, show you the space, give you advices and good adresses in the neighborhood, try to speak my best english to communicate my love for my city et leave you the keys. Always in touch if necessary by phone, of course, and I can have a neighbor or myself present in case of emergency.
19496		Charmant Studio situé à 5 min à pied du métro. L'apt, lumineux et fonctionnel, est exposé plein sud au 3 ème étage. Un petit coin de paradis pour vous sentir comme chez vous! Le quartier très agréable et animé est proche de tous commerces.
19497		Private room in a cosy duplex at last floor of an original architectural complex. From the balcony you can enjoy the nice outdoor green space. Easy access to the public transport will let you reach the city center in less than 30 minutes. Make yourself at home. You will have access to all the equipments the flat provides. If I get some free time during your stay and if you want, I will be glad to make you visit some places and give you tips and advices I have about the city.
19498	i made all the furniture myself so please take care of it !	a great appartment in one of the most dynamic and beautiful area of paris
19499	Typical parisian space (about 35 m²), living room separate from the bedroom by a long corridor. The sofa can be converted in a bed for 2 and the bedroom has a queen size bed.  However really tiny bathroom. New since 2015, I decide to lend a bathrobe (easier for guests to take a shower). Appartement at the 6th floor without elevator.	"Located near subway station ""Saint Fargeau"". a tiny bathroom, a kitchen, one bedroom with a double bed, and a lounge with a sofa converted into a double bed, washing machine,TV, Wifi. 6th floor without elevator. Area quiet with all acommodation.   Typical parisian space (about 35 m²), living room separate from the bedroom by a long corridor. The sofa can be converted in a bed for 2 and the bedroom has a queen size bed.  However really tiny bathroom. New since 2015, I decide to lend a bathrobe (easier for guests to take a shower). Appartement at the 6th floor without elevator. All the appartement with furniture can be use.  There is an iron and ironing board in the bedroom. I like to help my Guests when my calendar allows me to, sometimes I'm not here, my brother or friends help my guests. Quiet neighborhood with accomodations (supermarket, drugstore, restaurants, bars)  There are public bus (96 and 61) to go in the center of Paris, and there is the subway 3bis (Saint Fargeau) from 2 mi"
