29700		Great studio 20m2 in the center of Paris. Very well connected by several lines of metro and buses: Métro 4, 3, RER B. You can go by walking to many places in Paris just in 10 minutes! Like Centre Pompidou, Chatelet, Grand Boulevards, Opéra...
29701	It’s an old building typical  of Paris’s central areas. Situated on the first floor facing the street and directly accessible by the elevator, the apartment has a great light thanks to several windows. This apartment, made with visible wooden floor and beams, is comfortable and charming. After the entrance door and few steps, the flat is made of one bedroom, with two 90cm beds that can be twinned and a furniture item to store your luggage. The flat has also a living room with an open-plan kitchen including top range facilities, and a living space with a 140 cm sofa bed and flat screen TV. Accessible from the bedroom, the bathroom has a bathtub, the WC and a sink.	This charming apartment with exposed beams and a refined decoration is located in the heart of the Montorgueil area. You will see the Parisian lifestyle from the inside. Fully-equipped, it is functional and offers a high level of comfort. It’s an old building typical  of Paris’s central areas. Situated on the first floor facing the street and directly accessible by the elevator, the apartment has a great light thanks to several windows. This apartment, made with visible wooden floor and beams, is comfortable and charming. After the entrance door and few steps, the flat is made of one bedroom, with two 90cm beds that can be twinned and a furniture item to store your luggage. The flat has also a living room with an open-plan kitchen including top range facilities, and a living space with a 140 cm sofa bed and flat screen TV. Accessible from the bedroom, the bathroom has a bathtub, the WC and a sink. Renovated at the end of 1980s, Montorgueil street’s neighborhood is an extension of Les H
29702		Appartement charmant et cosy en plein centre de Paris. A 2mn du quartier Montorgueil et du cinéma le Grand Rex, vous avez tout à coté de chez vous : brasserie, boulangeries, musées, boite de nuit, canal saint Martin, etc..  
29703		Sentier Bonne nouvelle
29704	Lovely, Quiet full of light Studio in typical Parisian Style, my appartment is in one of the oldest neighborhood of Paris, the Building is from 1704.  It is at the 5st floor ( without elevetor)  and a view on Parisian rooftops. Ideally Located in the 2nd, you have Opera, Grands Boulevards, Rue Montorgueil, Maris very closed by walks.	Lovely, comfortable and practical studio, in heart of Paris. 5 min walks to Rue Montorgueil, Grands Boulevards,  Really calm et well-equipped, close to all restaurants, bars, supermarket.. Looking forward to your visit :-) Lovely, Quiet full of light Studio in typical Parisian Style, my appartment is in one of the oldest neighborhood of Paris, the Building is from 1704.  It is at the 5st floor ( without elevetor)  and a view on Parisian rooftops. Ideally Located in the 2nd, you have Opera, Grands Boulevards, Rue Montorgueil, Maris very closed by walks. Entire Appartment I lived in Paris since 4 years in differents areas ( saint germain, monceeau) but this is my favorite area! It's closed from everything by walk, you have a lot of choice of restaurants, bars, brand, bakery, supermarket, organic supermarket, theatre, cinema, nightclubs.... The two closest station are Sentier (line 3) and Bonne Nouvelle (line 8,9)  The best way to come from Charles de Gaulle Airport is to take the Roissy 
29705	In the heart of Paris in the heart of the renowned area of Montorgueil. My duplex is located in the center of Paris, in a typical 18th century building. It s a the 3 rd floor, It is fully furnished and offers a double bed on the first floor and a double sofa bed. You also have a washing machine, a microwave, a changing table, bath and everything you need to cook. There is a television with 25 channels, a DVD player with movies in English as well as other movies, free Internet access and Wi-Fi. The price includes all expenses, bed linen, towels and my little advices ! Very functional, you will have everything you need for a great stay and make the most of the tourist life of the capital as well as nocturne.6 metro lines 1, 3,4,7, 11 are nearby and you will live Disneyland Paris in 40 minutes by RER closest A.stations: path, the halls, to Reaumur Sebastopol and Etienne marcel.Le Montorgueil is a real village where you find all the typical small traders such as backer or Parisian cheese. 	Georgous Duplex in Montorgueil district. The street looks like a small village with everything you need. In the heart of Paris in the heart of the renowned area of Montorgueil. My duplex is located in the center of Paris, in a typical 18th century building. It s a the 3 rd floor, It is fully furnished and offers a double bed on the first floor and a double sofa bed. You also have a washing machine, a microwave, a changing table, bath and everything you need to cook. There is a television with 25 channels, a DVD player with movies in English as well as other movies, free Internet access and Wi-Fi. The price includes all expenses, bed linen, towels and my little advices ! Very functional, you will have everything you need for a great stay and make the most of the tourist life of the capital as well as nocturne.6 metro lines 1, 3,4,7, 11 are nearby and you will live Disneyland Paris in 40 minutes by RER closest A.stations: path, the halls, to Reaumur Sebastopol and Etienne marcel.Le Monto
29706		This is a lovely 2-room apartment, situated in the heart of Paris, very close from Musée du Louvre and Palais royal.  
29707	Studio Léo is a chic studio and entirely redone, it will be the perfect setting for your stay in Paris. This centralized location is an ideal spot to move wherever in the capital. Situated on the 2nd floor of a rental building, this modern and comfortable studio offer all the best amenities. Studio Léo is set up for 2 people with a comfortable Sofabed and a functional kitchen. An iron and ironing board are at your disposition. A Wi-fi connection is available and the cleaning is included. You'll fall in love with the street montorgueil 100 meters from the apartment. It's a small village in town with nice terraces and fresh markets.	Studio Léo is a chic studio and entirely redone, it will be the perfect setting for your stay in Paris. This centralized location is an ideal spot to move wherever in the capital. Situated on the 2nd floor of a rental building, this modern and comfor Studio Léo is a chic studio and entirely redone, it will be the perfect setting for your stay in Paris. This centralized location is an ideal spot to move wherever in the capital. Situated on the 2nd floor of a rental building, this modern and comfortable studio offer all the best amenities. Studio Léo is set up for 2 people with a comfortable Sofabed and a functional kitchen. An iron and ironing board are at your disposition. A Wi-fi connection is available and the cleaning is included. You'll fall in love with the street montorgueil 100 meters from the apartment. It's a small village in town with nice terraces and fresh markets. I live and i work close to the studio (500 meters). if you need help, ask me. StudioLéo is in a quiet street a
29708		Beautiful studio 20m2 at Paris center, near to metro Réaumur Sébastopol, with big bathroom, Kitchen Internet.  From 11 april to 25 April.
29709	The ninth district, which features the famous opera Garnier, department stores and the museum Grévin, is a pleasant district to live in or visit. Ideally situated, calm and spacious, this studio is a quality choice of accommodation. It is a good quality contemporary building, with a secure access. The apartment, located on the fourth floor directly accessible by the elevator, has views on a courtyard.  Elegant and spacious, this studio is also calm and well-arranged. On the left of the entrance is a large and bright bathroom, featuring a large basin, a shower cubicle, a washer, and toilets. The living room, decorated in a sophisticated style, includes a 140 cm convertible sofa, a 140 cm double bed, a large glass dining table with 4 chairs as well as a LCD TV screen. Isolated from the living room by 2 large doors, the kitchenette includes a fridge, electric hotplates and a micro-wave. This is probably the part of Paris with which you are the most familiar. The large streets, opened by H	The ninth district, which features the famous opera Garnier, department stores and the museum Grévin, is a pleasant district to live in or visit. Ideally situated, calm and spacious, this studio is a quality choice of accommodation. It is a good quality contemporary building, with a secure access. The apartment, located on the fourth floor directly accessible by the elevator, has views on a courtyard.  Elegant and spacious, this studio is also calm and well-arranged. On the left of the entrance is a large and bright bathroom, featuring a large basin, a shower cubicle, a washer, and toilets. The living room, decorated in a sophisticated style, includes a 140 cm convertible sofa, a 140 cm double bed, a large glass dining table with 4 chairs as well as a LCD TV screen. Isolated from the living room by 2 large doors, the kitchenette includes a fridge, electric hotplates and a micro-wave. This is probably the part of Paris with which you are the most familiar. The large streets, opened by H
29710	In this nice contemporary furnished studio, you will enjoy all the equipment and comfort necessary to have a wonderful time in Paris. Located in a quiet street of a busy area, this charming studio mixes convenience with pleasure. It is an old building, typical of the central districts of Paris. The apartment has views on a quiet cobblestone street where circulation is very restricted. It is located on the 5th floor with no elevator.  This nice furnished apartment decorated in a sophisticated and contemporary style faces north-east and a courtyard. Its layout is functional and cozy and is made up of a 140 cm convertible sofa, a dining table, storage areas and flat screen TV. The open kitchen includes a fridge, a micro-wave and a dishwasher. Featuring toilets and a shower, the bathroom has a refined decoration, just like the rest of the apartment. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets ar	In this nice contemporary furnished studio, you will enjoy all the equipment and comfort necessary to have a wonderful time in Paris. Located in a quiet street of a busy area, this charming studio mixes convenience with pleasure. It is an old building, typical of the central districts of Paris. The apartment has views on a quiet cobblestone street where circulation is very restricted. It is located on the 5th floor with no elevator.  This nice furnished apartment decorated in a sophisticated and contemporary style faces north-east and a courtyard. Its layout is functional and cozy and is made up of a 140 cm convertible sofa, a dining table, storage areas and flat screen TV. The open kitchen includes a fridge, a micro-wave and a dishwasher. Featuring toilets and a shower, the bathroom has a refined decoration, just like the rest of the apartment. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets ar
29711	The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a residential and commercial building, with no elevator.  This apartment with exposed beams can accommodate up to 4 people. The entrance opens up on a living room bathed with light. It is made up of a 160 cm convertible sofa, a low table, shelves and a storage area with a TV, internet connection and a telephone. On the right of the living room, you will find the bedroom with two 90 cm beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed, a night table, a corner office, a cupboard and a window with views on the street. The American kitchen is fully-equipped and has views on the living room for more conviviality. The bathroom includes a bathtub, a washer and storage areas and the toilets are separate.	This apartment decorated with warm colors is very convivial. Ideally located in the famous neighborhood of the Marais, you will have many things to see. You will be charmed by this comfortable apartment fully-equipped for 4 people. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a residential and commercial building, with no elevator.  This apartment with exposed beams can accommodate up to 4 people. The entrance opens up on a living room bathed with light. It is made up of a 160 cm convertible sofa, a low table, shelves and a storage area with a TV, internet connection and a telephone. On the right of the living room, you will find the bedroom with two 90 cm beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed, a night table, a corner office, a cupboard and a window with views on the street. The American kitchen is fully-equipped and has views on the living room for more conviviality. The bathroom includes a bathtub, a washer and storage areas and the toilets are separate. A great and bu
29712	"A very bright studio located on the 4th floor of a building style ""Marrais"", beamed. Couch/2places bed (new one), dresser, side table. A little bit of comfort to better enjoy your stay in Paris. You will find all the amenities: free Wi-Fi, refrigerator, washing machine, fan, vacuum cleaner, guitare ... Are you ready to live the Parisian life? I'll be ready to answer your questions and needs! Communication is the key to a successful stay!"	"Charming and comfortable studio for two people at the foot of typical and lively ""Montorgueil"", where trendy Parisians and families meet. Markets, restaurants, outdoor cafes ... A village atmosphere. On foot, by bus, metro everything is possible! A very bright studio located on the 4th floor of a building style ""Marrais"", beamed. Couch/2places bed (new one), dresser, side table. A little bit of comfort to better enjoy your stay in Paris. You will find all the amenities: free Wi-Fi, refrigerator, washing machine, fan, vacuum cleaner, guitare ... Are you ready to live the Parisian life? I'll be ready to answer your questions and needs! Communication is the key to a successful stay! Joli studio, coquet et confortable, pour 2 personnes, au pied du quartier typique et animé de montorgueil. Marchés,restaurants, terrasses de cafés...Une ambiance de village. Studio très lumineux situé au 4ème étage d'un immeuble style ""marrais"", à poutres apparentes. Canapé-lit neuf, commode, table d'appoint. "
29713	The whole flat is designed by a Scandinavian architect as a single but multi-funcitonal space. You can feel the charm of the old Paris with a modern touch (and a sunbathed flat!)	"Lovely 30 m2 studio-loft in the city heart, with exposed beams in a truly French style. The apartment is bathed with light thanks to 3 large windows, comfortable and nicely decorated.   The whole flat is designed by a Scandinavian architect as a single but multi-funcitonal space. You can feel the charm of the old Paris with a modern touch (and a sunbathed flat!) Guests have access to the whole flat (TV, wifi, fridge, washing machine, dryer, and all the house equipments) Guests can contact me for all sort of tips (restaurant, transport, ...).  Unless exceptional circumstances, I will be present to give you the keys. The area is a real metling pot (charm of rue Montorgueil with its market stalls and restaurants + decadent lifestyle of rue saint Denis + ""bobo"" attitude of carré du Temple, it's magnific parc and sunny brunch on Sunday + the multicultural rue Fabourg Saint Denis). If you want to live all the sides of Paris in one, this is your area. The flat is really well connected.  The c"
29714	L'appartement de 57 m², doublement exposé, est au premier étage d'un immeuble ancien et donne sur une cours intérieure calme. Il est composé d'un grand salon-salle à manger équipé de deux canapés-lits et d'une grande chambre comportant un lit double, d'une cuisine équipée séparée, et d'une salle de bain avec douche.	Bel appartement de caractère, calme et chaleureux, au cœur de Paris dans le quartier Montorgueil - Saint-Denis, à quelques minutes à pied de Châtelet les Halles. Pouvant accueillir confortablement 4 personnes (et jusqu'à 6), il est idéalement situé pour profiter au mieux de l'hypercentre de la capitale. L'appartement de 57 m², doublement exposé, est au premier étage d'un immeuble ancien et donne sur une cours intérieure calme. Il est composé d'un grand salon-salle à manger équipé de deux canapés-lits et d'une grande chambre comportant un lit double, d'une cuisine équipée séparée, et d'une salle de bain avec douche. Situé au cœur de Paris, il est accessible par tous les transports en commun et de nombreuses lignes de métro sont à moins de 3 minutes à pieds (lignes 3, 4, 8 et 9). Les sites touristiques tels que Châtelet, Beaubourg, Notre-Dame, Le Louvre, le Jardin des Tuileries, ou encore le quartier du Marais sont accessibles à pieds en quelques minutes. Les rues Montmartre et Montorgue
29715	L'appartement, situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, est calme (donne sur une cour, à l'arrière d'une rue avec peu de circulation) et lumineux, avec Gardien Il est tout équipé:  - TV 127 cm  -Climatisation - internet wifi  - machine à laver et séchante - cuisine séparée toute équipée avec plaque induction, four, four à micro-ondes et machine expresso,et lave vaissaille - canapé-lit 2 pers. 140*200 très confortable avec matelas Simmons 14 cm  - salle de bain refaite a neuf Idéalement situé pour faire du tourisme et shopping car il est à:  - 200m de la rue Montorgueil  - 200 m des Grands Boulevards - 10 min à pied des Galeries Lafayette/ Place de L'Opéra  - 10 min à pied de Châtelet Les Halles/Beaubourg/Hôtel de Ville/Musée du Louvre  De nombreux théâtres et restaurants et plusieurs cinémas sont situés dans ce quartier à la fois touristique, sûr et (website hidden)ès bien desservi par les transports en commun avec les lignes de métro 3, 4, 8 , 9 et du RER A et B Vous serez vraiment charmé 	Grand studio en plein centre de Paris 2 eme Arrondissement, dans le quartier du sentier.  L'appartement, situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, est calme (donne sur une cour, à l'arrière d'une rue avec peu de circulation) et lumineux, avec Gardien Il est tout équipé:  - TV 127 cm  -Climatisation - internet wifi  - machine à laver et séchante - cuisine séparée toute équipée avec plaque induction, four, four à micro-ondes et machine expresso,et lave vaissaille - canapé-lit 2 pers. 140*200 très confortable avec matelas Simmons 14 cm  - salle de bain refaite a neuf Idéalement situé pour faire du tourisme et shopping car il est à:  - 200m de la rue Montorgueil  - 200 m des Grands Boulevards - 10 min à pied des Galeries Lafayette/ Place de L'Opéra  - 10 min à pied de Châtelet Les Halles/Beaubourg/Hôtel de Ville/Musée du Louvre  De nombreux théâtres et restaurants et plusieurs cinémas sont situés dans ce quartier à la fois touristique, sûr et (website hidden)ès bien desservi par les transports e
29716	"This charming 37m2 flat is located in the heart of Paris, at the 5th floor on Aboukir  Street, where you will discover the real “Paris way of life”.  It is a very bright, modern and so ""French"" 1 bedroom apartment. You will be blown away by the typical small Parisian balcony (with two chairs and a table) where you can enjoy a beautiful view of Paris’roofs with sun all day. Romantic candle dinners are yours ;) . This place is ideal for a couple !!! Located in a very lively and unique area of Paris, you will find a wide panel of bars and local restaurants. Walking distance from the Centre Georges Pompidou (Museum of Contemporary Art, also named Beaubourg Museum) and Les Halles, containing the largest indoor (mostly underground) shopping mall in central Paris ; and 5 minutes away from the area known as the Grand Boulevards where you can find the biggest movie theatre in Paris and also a lot of shopping stores and restaurants.  Then you can easily reach by foot Notre-Dame de Paris, the fam"	"This charming 37m2 flat is located in the heart of Paris, at the 5th floor on Aboukir  Street, where you will discover the real “Paris way of life”.  It is a very bright, modern and so ""French"" 1 bedroom apartment. You will be blown away by the typical small Parisian balcony (with two chairs and a table) where you can enjoy a beautiful view of Paris’roofs with sun all day. Romantic candle dinners are yours ;) . This place is ideal for a couple !!! Located in a very lively and unique area of Paris, you will find a wide panel of bars and local restaurants. Walking distance from the Centre Georges Pompidou (Museum of Contemporary Art, also named Beaubourg Museum) and Les Halles, containing the largest indoor (mostly underground) shopping mall in central Paris ; and 5 minutes away from the area known as the Grand Boulevards where you can find the biggest movie theatre in Paris and also a lot of shopping stores and restaurants.  Then you can easily reach by foot Notre-Dame de Paris, the fam"
29717	6th Floor:  The corner living room has 9 windows and a stunning view on the BOURSE & OPERA. The US fully equipped kitchen opens on the confortable dining area, with a beautiful coisy fire place.  All the house is furnished with a very distinctive 1950's scandinavian furniture.  Two large bedrooms are located on this level, each with queen-size bed and bathrooms with antic tapestry from france TOILE DE JOUY.  7th floor :  On the upper level, accessible by the stairs from dinning room there is a second living room with  2 comfortable sofa beds (one for two persons and another one for a single person).  Both sofas in this space open onto a large terrace with a  real stunning view on the golden dome of the Garnier Opera, the Eiffel Tower and beautful Parisian rooves.  On this same floor there is a 4th private large bedroom with TV, office space and large bathroom available only if reservation is more than 6 people. For all reservation of 6 or under this space is locked.	This spacious duplex with terrace is located on the last floor of a cut stone building with elevator at the very heart of Paris in the second arrondissement. The refined and original decoration harmoniously mixes design items and 1950's furniture. 6th Floor:  The corner living room has 9 windows and a stunning view on the BOURSE & OPERA. The US fully equipped kitchen opens on the confortable dining area, with a beautiful coisy fire place.  All the house is furnished with a very distinctive 1950's scandinavian furniture.  Two large bedrooms are located on this level, each with queen-size bed and bathrooms with antic tapestry from france TOILE DE JOUY.  7th floor :  On the upper level, accessible by the stairs from dinning room there is a second living room with  2 comfortable sofa beds (one for two persons and another one for a single person).  Both sofas in this space open onto a large terrace with a  real stunning view on the golden dome of the Garnier Opera, the Eiffel Tower and beau
29718	My apartment is pretty well arranged studio, with all the amenities (shower, toilet, fridge, oven, microwave, coffee ...). The bed is a folding bed very comfortable. The place is really cozy and very bright. It is located in a lively neighborhood: close to the Opera, the Louvre, the Grands Boulevards and Galeries Lafayette, Place Vendome, Madeleine, the Bourse ... There are many restaurants nearby, pubs, bars, clubs. The apartment is very quiet, a true haven of peace. The apartment is located on the 6 floor. There is an elevator to the 5th floor and one to walk up. There are two metro stations at the foot of the building, several bus lines and taxi. My apartment is pretty well arranged studio, with all the amenities (shower, toilet, fridge, oven, microwave, coffee ...). The bed is a folding bed very comfortable. The place is really cozy and very bright. It is located in a lively neighborhood: close to the Opera, the Louvre, the Grands Boulevards and Galeries Lafayette, Place Vendome, M	My apartment is pretty well arranged studio, with all the amenities (shower, toilet, fridge, oven, microwave, coffee ...). The bed is a folding bed very comfortable. The place is really cozy and very bright. It is located in a lively neighborhood: close to the Opera, the Louvre, the Grands Boulevards and Galeries Lafayette, Place Vendome, Madeleine, the Bourse ... There are many restaurants nearby, pubs, bars, clubs. The apartment is very quiet, a true haven of peace. The apartment is located on the 6 floor. There is an elevator to the 5th floor and one to walk up. There are two metro stations at the foot of the building, several bus lines and taxi. My apartment is pretty well arranged studio, with all the amenities (shower, toilet, fridge, oven, microwave, coffee ...). The bed is a folding bed very comfortable. The place is really cozy and very bright. It is located in a lively neighborhood: close to the Opera, the Louvre, the Grands Boulevards and Galeries Lafayette, Place Vendome, M
29719	 Studio ideally located between Opera and Bourse, near the main boulevards, the royal palace and the banks of the Seine. This apartment has a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, induction hob, washing machines), a 20m2 lounge with sofa bed and a shower.  Nightwear and towels available. 	 Studio ideally located between Opera and Bourse, near the main boulevards, the royal palace and the banks of the Seine. This apartment has a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, induction hob, washing machines), a 20m2 lounge with sofa bed and a shower.  Nightwear and towels available. 
29720	This old building has the charm of the historic heart of the Parisian housing. A wide porch and a tall fence lead to a typical paved courtyard. In the background, on the right, a staircase allows the access to the apartment. Located on the third floor with no elevator, it overlooks the courtyard where the vegetation grows perfectly. The apartment is composed of a welcoming living room with a small sofa, a furnished kitchen and a dining table. A couple of wide windows confer a nice brightness to the room. The large bedroom has a 140 cm double bed, and a very functional storage space. This room, clear and pleasant, can be used all day long thanks to the desk and the TV corner –living room. With an access from the bedroom, the bathroom provides the necessary comfort: sink, shower and WC. In both living rooms, the exposed beams and the flooring confer a typical Parisian style. The decoration, with warm nuances is improved with arty ones.	This cozy and warm atmosphere is filled with charm. It perfectly mixes a cozy atmosphere with a modern decoration. Located in the heart of the Montorgueil neighborhood, it is a haven of peace and tranquility in this bustling area. This old building has the charm of the historic heart of the Parisian housing. A wide porch and a tall fence lead to a typical paved courtyard. In the background, on the right, a staircase allows the access to the apartment. Located on the third floor with no elevator, it overlooks the courtyard where the vegetation grows perfectly. The apartment is composed of a welcoming living room with a small sofa, a furnished kitchen and a dining table. A couple of wide windows confer a nice brightness to the room. The large bedroom has a 140 cm double bed, and a very functional storage space. This room, clear and pleasant, can be used all day long thanks to the desk and the TV corner –living room. With an access from the bedroom, the bathroom provides the necessary com
29721	L'appartement comporte : > un chambre avec un lit double (160 x 200), > un bureau/chambre avec un canapé 2 places convertible (140 x 180) > une chambre d'enfants avec 2 lits (70 x 165cm)  Vous disposez de deux WC, d'une salle de douche et d'une salle de bain.	Très bel appartement familial haussmannien de 120m² avec balcon, 5ème étage avec ascenseur, lumineux, au coeur de Paris, dans le quartier Montorgueil.  Idéal pour deux couples et deux enfants de moins de 10 ans. L'appartement comporte : > un chambre avec un lit double (160 x 200), > un bureau/chambre avec un canapé 2 places convertible (140 x 180) > une chambre d'enfants avec 2 lits (70 x 165cm)  Vous disposez de deux WC, d'une salle de douche et d'une salle de bain. Accès total à l'appartement. Entièrement équipé pour les enfants (chaises enfants, lits enfants, jeux, livres, poussette...) Métro et bus au pied de l'immeuble RER à 5 mn à pieds 
29722	Located in the heart of Paris, you are close to the Montorgueil neighborhood and its many shops, bars, restaurants and main monuments such as the garden of the Halles. Functional, this studio offers all the necessary comfort. This lovely studio is located on the 7th floor of an old building with no elevator, carefully maintained.  The entrance opens up on a corridor leading to the living room with a fully-equipped American kitchen and a lounge area featuring a 140 cm convertible sofa and a storage piece of furniture. The bathroom includes the toilets and a a bathtub. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers and bakers: colors and scents reminiscent of country villages. In the surrounding streets you will find numerous restaurants and bars. Bus 20  Bus 39 Métro 3 Sentier Métro 8, 9 Bonne nouve	Located in the heart of Paris, you are close to the Montorgueil neighborhood and its many shops, bars, restaurants and main monuments such as the garden of the Halles. Functional, this studio offers all the necessary comfort. This lovely studio is located on the 7th floor of an old building with no elevator, carefully maintained.  The entrance opens up on a corridor leading to the living room with a fully-equipped American kitchen and a lounge area featuring a 140 cm convertible sofa and a storage piece of furniture. The bathroom includes the toilets and a a bathtub. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers and bakers: colors and scents reminiscent of country villages. In the surrounding streets you will find numerous restaurants and bars. Bus 20  Bus 39 Métro 3 Sentier Métro 8, 9 Bonne nouve
29723		Large 40sqm space over looking courtyard in heart of Paris, 2em. Double bed and sofa bed. 2 mins walk to Rue Montorgueil - lots of cafes, bistros and market stalls. Metro options: Sentier, Grand Boulevard. Close to Louvre.
29724		The flat is original under the roof, good spaces and well located.
29725	Dans un appartement de 47 m² avec toits terrasses de 20 m², mon appartement vous propose un confort optimal pour un court séjour agréable en plein cœur de Paris. Très bien situé, le logement est très bien équipé tant au niveau culinaire (j'adore cuisiner) qu'au niveau technologique (Système Sonos, TV, wifi et fibre optique). In an apartment of 47 sqm with roof terraces of 20 sqm, my apartment offers optimum comfort for a pleasant short stay in the heart of Paris. Excellent location, the accommodation is very well equipped both the culinary level (I love cooking) at technological level (Sonos system, TV, WiFi and fiber).	Appartement situé dans le centre historique de Paris, avec un très sympathique toit terrasse aménagé. Vue dégagée. Apartment located in the historic center of Paris, with a very friendly landscaped roof terrace. Clear view. Dans un appartement de 47 m² avec toits terrasses de 20 m², mon appartement vous propose un confort optimal pour un court séjour agréable en plein cœur de Paris. Très bien situé, le logement est très bien équipé tant au niveau culinaire (j'adore cuisiner) qu'au niveau technologique (Système Sonos, TV, wifi et fibre optique). In an apartment of 47 sqm with roof terraces of 20 sqm, my apartment offers optimum comfort for a pleasant short stay in the heart of Paris. Excellent location, the accommodation is very well equipped both the culinary level (I love cooking) at technological level (Sonos system, TV, WiFi and fiber). Vous disposerez, selon le moment de votre séjour soit d'un accès à tout l'appartement, soit simplement à la chambre. Dans ce second cas, vous pourre
29726		Corner apartment overlooking a magnificent small square in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. High ceilings, eight large windows. Large bedroom, Living room with open kitchen. Working fire-place.  Tastefully furnished.  Five minute walk to the Louvre.
29727	"Charming sunny studio right in the center of Paris, 2nd district, close to Chatelet, Les Halles, Pompidou center, and Louvre. Next to metro line 3, 4, 8, and 9. Can walk to most of the major tourist spots. ( Closest metro is a 2-minute walk to metro station,  "" Reaumur Sebastopol "" and “ Strasbourg saint Denis”, you can google it to see where it is located. ) More pictures available upon request. 18 square meters studio in a charming passage ( typical Parisian buildings ) with wooden stairs, quiet, clean, safe. Suitable for 1 or 2 people.  Independent ( no shared space) studio, well-equipped, with a small kitchen, toilet, shower, a bed which can fit 2 people, TV, internet access if you bring your own laptop.  Telephone to call 100 countries on fixed lines for free ( including the US, Canada, UK, most countries in Europe; calling mobile numbers only free for the US and Canada ).  A small “garden” at the entrance.  5th floor ( without elevator ), sun comes in when the weather is nice.  A"	"Independent studio right in the center of Paris, 2nd district. Sleep 1 or 2. Very close to Chatelet, Les Halles, rue Montorgueil, Pompidou center, and Louvre. Can walk to most of the major tourist spots. Closest metro station "" Reaumur Sebastopol""  Charming sunny studio right in the center of Paris, 2nd district, close to Chatelet, Les Halles, Pompidou center, and Louvre. Next to metro line 3, 4, 8, and 9. Can walk to most of the major tourist spots. ( Closest metro is a 2-minute walk to metro station,  "" Reaumur Sebastopol "" and “ Strasbourg saint Denis”, you can google it to see where it is located. ) More pictures available upon request. 18 square meters studio in a charming passage ( typical Parisian buildings ) with wooden stairs, quiet, clean, safe. Suitable for 1 or 2 people.  Independent ( no shared space) studio, well-equipped, with a small kitchen, toilet, shower, a bed which can fit 2 people, TV, internet access if you bring your own laptop.  Telephone to call 100 countries "
29728	Next to 'le Marais' and Beaubourg Museum (Paris's MoMa) You will live in the heart of Paris! Enjoy	My flat is a 32m studio, under the roof, with cheminy, exposed beams and floor-tils, perfect for one person or a couple. Really bright and silent. Next to 'le Marais' and Beaubourg Museum (Paris's MoMa) You will live in the heart of Paris! Enjoy My flat is at the 6th floor, without elevator, but stairs are really easy. Access: 2 minutes from RER chatelet and Metro Etienne Marcel (line 4). From both airports you have a train (RER B) coming directly to my place. And just in case you were wondering - because it's seems to be a regular preoccupation - I have an hair dryer and a flat iron! 
29729	"This fully furnished studio apartment is located in the ""Montorgueil"" area, in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement. The apartment can welcome up to 2 adults. The apartment is on the ground floor of a building dating from the 18th century facing unto a passageway full of plants and greenery. Enjoy vibrant Rue Montorgueil and the 2nd district, with many restaurants, markets, cafes, gourmet food shops and more to choose from, just at the end of your street. You are also walking distance to other sights such as the Louvre, Hotel De Ville, the Seine River, Ile De La Cite with Notre-Dame Cathedral, Ste Chapelle and the Conciergerie, Ile Saint Louis and much more. This studio features historic exposed ceiling beams, stone walls and light, harmonious decoration. The apartment has just been renovated with comfortable fittings and furnishings. The living space has a double size (140 cm) murphy bed, which can be stored during the day to allow a larger living space, a table for 2, and a television"	"Stylish Studio Apartment in the Heart of the Famous Montorgueil Market Neighborhood. Shop for gourmet chocolate and ice cream, cheese,wine, and more ! Some of the most historic cafes and restaurants are located here. Walk to Center of Paris. This fully furnished studio apartment is located in the ""Montorgueil"" area, in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement. The apartment can welcome up to 2 adults. The apartment is on the ground floor of a building dating from the 18th century facing unto a passageway full of plants and greenery. Enjoy vibrant Rue Montorgueil and the 2nd district, with many restaurants, markets, cafes, gourmet food shops and more to choose from, just at the end of your street. You are also walking distance to other sights such as the Louvre, Hotel De Ville, the Seine River, Ile De La Cite with Notre-Dame Cathedral, Ste Chapelle and the Conciergerie, Ile Saint Louis and much more. This studio features historic exposed ceiling beams, stone walls and light, harmonious decor"
29730	Situated in a key position, very close to Palais Royal and to the Bourse, this clever and nice apartment is at walking distance from place Vendome, Louvre, Opera Garnier and Marais district. Two different configurations for the same apartment to suit different needs:  A)A smaller living-dining room plus two bedrooms B)A bigger living room, a dining room and a double bedroom. The change between one configuration and the other can be done very easily thanks to a nice sofa-bed and to the practical curtains.      The armchairs are elegant and comfortable and the big modern table allows dinners for six people. The separated bedroom has a big cupboard behind the large mirror and a queen size bed.  The bathroom, with its spacious shower, has been recently renovated (march 2013).  The kitchen is separated and fully equipped.  The 19th century wooden beams and the building old style make the rest ti build a great atmosphere! You'll have a wifi access to Internet and television with cable TV.  T	Situated in a key position, very close to Palais Royal and to the Bourse, this clever and nice apartment is at walking distance from place Vendome, Louvre, Opera Garnier and Marais district. Two different configurations for the same apartment to suit different needs:  A)A smaller living-dining room plus two bedrooms B)A bigger living room, a dining room and a double bedroom. The change between one configuration and the other can be done very easily thanks to a nice sofa-bed and to the practical curtains.      The armchairs are elegant and comfortable and the big modern table allows dinners for six people. The separated bedroom has a big cupboard behind the large mirror and a queen size bed.  The bathroom, with its spacious shower, has been recently renovated (march 2013).  The kitchen is separated and fully equipped.  The 19th century wooden beams and the building old style make the rest ti build a great atmosphere! You'll have a wifi access to Internet and television with cable TV.  T
29731	Modern and quiet appartment. Perfect for a romantic stay in the very heart of downtown.	"Nice and quiet appartment located in the heart of Paris, in the vibrant pedestrian area of Montorgueuil-Montmartre. The Louvre, Beaubourg and the Marais are about 10 minutes on foot. Modern and quiet appartment. Perfect for a romantic stay in the very heart of downtown. Fully furnished (diswasher, cable TV, wifi...), bathtube, king size bed. We will be here to give you the keys, and available by phone or email during your stay for any need. The main station ""Chatelet Les Halles"" (metro lines (phone number hidden) and suburbian trains RER A and B) is only 5 minutes on foot. Sentier station (line 3) is only 2 minutes from the appartment."
29732	Enjoy the parisian life in this fully furnished duplex, right in the center of the city. The location is ideal to discover the most beautiful places of Paris, a few steps away (Montorgueil, Opéra Garnier, Le Marais, l'île de la Cité, ...). Situated in an ancient building in the historical center of Paris, this 35m² apartment is very charming with its beams and two floors.  First floor is consisting of a fully equiped kitchen (fridge, microwave, oven and toaster at your disposal), a luminous and warm living room and a clean bathroom. On the second floor, you will find an attic bedroom with a 140x200cm bed (bed linen will be provided). The sloping ceiling can be low at some places of the apartment (due to the main beam and in the shower) so I would recommend tall people to be vigilant :)	A cosy & lovely duplex in the heart of Paris, with a perfect location to discover the wonders of the world's most beautiful city :) Enjoy the parisian life in this fully furnished duplex, right in the center of the city. The location is ideal to discover the most beautiful places of Paris, a few steps away (Montorgueil, Opéra Garnier, Le Marais, l'île de la Cité, ...). Situated in an ancient building in the historical center of Paris, this 35m² apartment is very charming with its beams and two floors.  First floor is consisting of a fully equiped kitchen (fridge, microwave, oven and toaster at your disposal), a luminous and warm living room and a clean bathroom. On the second floor, you will find an attic bedroom with a 140x200cm bed (bed linen will be provided). The sloping ceiling can be low at some places of the apartment (due to the main beam and in the shower) so I would recommend tall people to be vigilant :) The apartment is located on the 4th floor of an ancient building in one
29733	The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, vitroceramic, coffee machine, kettle. The space is very well optimised, the kitchen and the living room are separated by a bar where you can eat or have a drink.  The living room contains also a dining table, with a comfortable sofa.	"One bedroom apartment of 55 square meters modern and bright. This is the ideal place to relax and enjoy the charms of Paris. The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, vitroceramic, coffee machine, kettle. The space is very well optimised, the kitchen and the living room are separated by a bar where you can eat or have a drink.  The living room contains also a dining table, with a comfortable sofa. Very well located on the famous street in the 2nd district of Paris where there are lot of shops, restaurants, bars...You can have an easy and fast access to the ""Printemps"" "" Les Galeries Lafayette"" and ""Montmartre"". There are many metro stations around this place, the nearest are Sentier (line 3), grands boulevards, bonne nouvelle (line 8-9), strasbourg saint-denis (line 4).  For your check-in one of our staff member will be there to welcome you. Household linen is furnished (bath towel, sheet).  Internet with a wifi connection and cable TV are av"
29734		Idéalement situé dans le quartier piéton de Montorgueil, dans une petite rue calme, ce 2 pièces atypique vous séduira pour sa luminosité et son confort. Vous retrouverez a proximité immédiate tous les commerces et restaurants/bars.
29735		Grand deux pièces d'environ 45 metres carré situé en plein centre de Paris, avec une grande chambre et un salon avec un canapé lit!! Appartement très chaleureux et extrêmement lumineux avec un balcon traversant! (5 eme étage avec ascenseur).
29736	Centrally located in the heart of Paris’s Grands Boulevards, this apartment is perfect for families ans groups lookink for space in the center of Paris. Fully furnished,this apartment offer 3 bedroom:  -Each room has a queen bed, which accommodates 2 people (capacity of 6) - You also have one sofa bed in the living room,  (capacity of 6+2 =8) The apartment has 2 bathroom:  -A private bathroom for the third bedroom, with only sink and toilets (no shower)  -A common bathroom for the appartment, with bath, toilets and sink The apartment is fully equipped with WIFI, iPod dock, DVD player and cable TV (with English-speaking news channels). Video games for children. There is a full kitchen, with nespresso machine, microwaves, fridge, freezer, washing machine.... everything you need. The apartment is located on the first floor on the Boulevard (2 of the 3 rooms are on the court side = no noisy at all).  Steps away from many fun boutiques, wonderful restaurants, bakeries, and park (place des v	"Beautiful 100 sqm Flat, on the ""Grands Boulevards"", heart of Paris. 3 bedrooms (+2 sofa beds and 1 baby bed). Bathroom, full equiped kitchen, tv, internet and wi-fi acces. Between Opéra, Beaubourg, Chatelet, République...  Paris at your door! Centrally located in the heart of Paris’s Grands Boulevards, this apartment is perfect for families ans groups lookink for space in the center of Paris. Fully furnished,this apartment offer 3 bedroom:  -Each room has a queen bed, which accommodates 2 people (capacity of 6) - You also have one sofa bed in the living room,  (capacity of 6+2 =8) The apartment has 2 bathroom:  -A private bathroom for the third bedroom, with only sink and toilets (no shower)  -A common bathroom for the appartment, with bath, toilets and sink The apartment is fully equipped with WIFI, iPod dock, DVD player and cable TV (with English-speaking news channels). Video games for children. There is a full kitchen, with nespresso machine, microwaves, fridge, freezer, washing ma"
29737	Grand studio de 28 mètres neuf refait par un architecte entièrement équipé situé à proximité du musée du Louvre, des quartiers Opéra et Montorgueil, du centre Beaubourg, des Halles, Palais Royal... Nombreux cafés, bars, bistrots et restaurants à proximité. Tout a été pensé pour votre confort. La pièce principale se compose d'un canapé deux places et deux fauteuils baroques ainsi qu'un vrai lit pour deux personnes, nombreux (website hidden) + accès internet wifi illimité + chaines internationales.  La cuisine est équipée d'un frigidaire/congélateur, d'une plaque vitrocéramique 3 feux, d'un lave vaisselle, d'un micro ondes et de toute la vaisselle nécessaire, une machine à café et à thé Nestlé Dolce Gusto avec ses dosettes est également à votre disposition. L'appartement possède une grande douche italienne avec un effet cascade, WC séparé. Serviettes et linge de lit fournies.  Vous trouverez à proximité, la célèbre rue Montorgueil, le musée du Louvre, Beaubourg, les Grands Boulevards, le	Appartement neuf refait par un architecte entièrement équipé situé à proximité du musée du Louvre, des quartiers Opéra et Montorgueil, du centre Beaubourg, des Halles, Palais Royal... Nombreux cafés, bars, bistrots et restaurants à proximité. Grand studio de 28 mètres neuf refait par un architecte entièrement équipé situé à proximité du musée du Louvre, des quartiers Opéra et Montorgueil, du centre Beaubourg, des Halles, Palais Royal... Nombreux cafés, bars, bistrots et restaurants à proximité. Tout a été pensé pour votre confort. La pièce principale se compose d'un canapé deux places et deux fauteuils baroques ainsi qu'un vrai lit pour deux personnes, nombreux (website hidden) + accès internet wifi illimité + chaines internationales.  La cuisine est équipée d'un frigidaire/congélateur, d'une plaque vitrocéramique 3 feux, d'un lave vaisselle, d'un micro ondes et de toute la vaisselle nécessaire, une machine à café et à thé Nestlé Dolce Gusto avec ses dosettes est également à votre disp
29738	This is an old building typical of Paris’ central area. The flat is on an upper level, overlooking the street. It is located on the 4th floor with no elevator. With pale wooden floor and modern furniture, this flat looks like Scandinavian comfortable settings. The entrance leads to a bathroom equipped with a shower tub and WC. A closed is fitted out in the hall leading to the living room. Perfectly laid out, the living is made up with a kitchen equipped with a fridge, micro-wave, hot plates, washing machine and a dining table for 2 people. On the living room side, there are a 160 cm sofa bed, a coffee table, a dresser and a flat screen TV.	This beautiful, sophisticated studio will charm you with its high-end and original furniture. Perfectly arranged and equipped, it offers a high level of comfort. Located in the accessible neighborhood of Montorgueil, you will love the ambience there. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central area. The flat is on an upper level, overlooking the street. It is located on the 4th floor with no elevator. With pale wooden floor and modern furniture, this flat looks like Scandinavian comfortable settings. The entrance leads to a bathroom equipped with a shower tub and WC. A closed is fitted out in the hall leading to the living room. Perfectly laid out, the living is made up with a kitchen equipped with a fridge, micro-wave, hot plates, washing machine and a dining table for 2 people. On the living room side, there are a 160 cm sofa bed, a coffee table, a dresser and a flat screen TV. There had always been a lot of hustle and bustle and excitement in those streets which give the impre
29739	Spacious and bright appartment in the center of Paris, close to  Rue Montorgueil, and the cool area of Etienne Marcel: pedestrian streets, bars, fancy restaurants, boutiques. Large living room with wood floor. Vintage furniture. Two large windows overlooking the street. Open kitchen fully equipped: microwave, induction hob, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine. Living room with large TV, DVD stereo, sun all afternoon. Bedroom on quiet street, overlooking the rooftops of Paris. Bathroom with bathtub.	Spacious appartment (60m2 / 645 square ft) bright and suny at the heart Paris! Aera Montorgueil: pleasant shopping and pedestrian aera. 10 walk from the Louvre, the Marais, the Opéra.  Nicely furnished by an architect et fully equipped! Spacious and bright appartment in the center of Paris, close to  Rue Montorgueil, and the cool area of Etienne Marcel: pedestrian streets, bars, fancy restaurants, boutiques. Large living room with wood floor. Vintage furniture. Two large windows overlooking the street. Open kitchen fully equipped: microwave, induction hob, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine. Living room with large TV, DVD stereo, sun all afternoon. Bedroom on quiet street, overlooking the rooftops of Paris. Bathroom with bathtub. The flat is 100% accessible by our guests, and they are welcome to use all equipments. We are more than happy to help our gustes discover all our favorite places of the city!! The Rue Montorgueil neighborhood is a vibrant pedestrian area in the heart of Paris
29740	Charming Studio in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes from the Opera de Paris and the Palais Royal. A beautiful view on the parisian roofs. The studio can accommodate maximum 2 persons and it is equipped with everything you would need. Beautiful daylight, well equipped, and very easy to access. Several metro lines : Bourse (line 3), Opera (line 3, 7, 8 and RER A direct to disney land), Pyramides (line 14, 7), Palais Royal musée du louvre (line 1, 7) 	Charming Studio in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes from the Opera de Paris and the Palais Royal. A beautiful view on the parisian roofs. The studio can accommodate maximum 2 persons and it is equipped with everything you would need. Charming Studio in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes from the Opera de Paris and the Palais Royal. A beautiful view on the parisian roofs. The studio can accommodate maximum 2 persons and it is equipped with everything you would need. Beautiful daylight, well equipped, and very easy to access. Several metro lines : Bourse (line 3), Opera (line 3, 7, 8 and RER A direct to disney land), Pyramides (line 14, 7), Palais Royal musée du louvre (line 1, 7) Several transportation options nearby, bus and metro stations. You're just 10 minutes walk front the Louvre Museum and the Opera de Paris. Vous pouvez y accéder a travers de la ligne 3 station Bourse, la ligne 14 station pyramides, ou Richelieu Drouot ligne 8 et 9. Les lignes de bus les plus proches sont le 85, 39, 48 
29741	"This charming flat is located in the famous ""Passage Choiseul 75002"" in the second arrondissement of Paris , classified as historic monument in the heart of Paris  Close to the most beautiful touristic spots like the Louvre Museum, Tuileries garden, Palais Royal garden, Opéra Garnier and rue saint honoré for shopping. You can enjoy doing everything by walk with every kind of stores and markets.The location is perfect also for business meeting and fashion week events in Paris. The Passage is open the day so you can enjoy to be in the parisien lifestyle (you have a lot of café, restaurants and boutiques over there). At the evening the Passage remains close so you can really enjoy this amazing quiet place which is rare for Paris. The size of the apartment is 21 square meter on the 2nd floor of à very quiet building in a very good condition without lift. The apartment is fully furnished with king size bed of 160x200, large sofa for 2 people convertible for a extra guest(20 euros per night)"	"This charming flat is located in the famous ""Passage Choiseul"" in the 2nd district of Paris, classified as historic monument close to the best spots of Paris(Louvre Museum, Palais royal, Tuilerie garden and opéra).The best location to enjoy the city! This charming flat is located in the famous ""Passage Choiseul 75002"" in the second arrondissement of Paris , classified as historic monument in the heart of Paris  Close to the most beautiful touristic spots like the Louvre Museum, Tuileries garden, Palais Royal garden, Opéra Garnier and rue saint honoré for shopping. You can enjoy doing everything by walk with every kind of stores and markets.The location is perfect also for business meeting and fashion week events in Paris. The Passage is open the day so you can enjoy to be in the parisien lifestyle (you have a lot of café, restaurants and boutiques over there). At the evening the Passage remains close so you can really enjoy this amazing quiet place which is rare for Paris. The size of "
29742	"Charmful and quiet studio on the 2nd floor of an historic building from 1800 in the heart of the Montorgueil-quarter. The studio is equiped with a shower, a real bed for 2 persons,  and a fully fitted kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven- microwave, a fridge freezer, a washing machine with dryer and everything you will need for cooking. You will also find high speed wireless and cable internet, the TV  and a phone,  No smoking place  The studio is available on week end from friday to monday (2 or 3 nights) or some weeks in the year (réduction prices !!). CHECK IN (friday) 8h00 - 8h30 / 12h30 - 13h30 / 18h - 19h30 Please, if your arrival is prewieved out of these hours,send me a message before booking (in some case, possible additionnal cost for later arrival). Enjoy your stay in Paris !! Location and neighborhood ------------------------------------------------- The flat is closed from different subway stops - less than 5 minutes by foot ! Line 4 (""Etienne Marcel"" or ""Reaumur Sebastopol"""	To discover Paris easily in a nice and friendly atmosphere ! Charmful and quiet studio on the 2nd floor of an historic building from 1800 in the heart of the Montorgueil-quarter. The studio is equiped with a shower, a real bed for 2 persons,  and a fully fitted kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven- microwave, a fridge freezer, a washing machine with dryer and everything you will need for cooking. You will also find high speed wireless and cable internet, the TV  and a phone,  No smoking place  The studio is available on week end from friday to monday (2 or 3 nights) or some weeks in the year (réduction prices !!). CHECK IN (friday) 8h00 - 8h30 / 12h30 - 13h30 / 18h - 19h30 Please, if your arrival is prewieved out of these hours,send me a message before booking (in some case, possible additionnal cost for later arrival). Enjoy your stay in Paris !! Location and neighborhood ------------------------------------------------- The flat is closed from different subway stops - less than 5 minut
29743	A privileged location in the Boulevard de Montmartre, 9th distrcit of Paris. This beautiful 25m2 studio is on the first floor (with a lift) of a typical Haussmann building that is an ideal accommodation choice for both leisure and business travellers. The best quality and the best price, that's how we can describe this Parisian accommodation. This apartment is located in the 9th arrondissement in a very central location. The area is lively with a fantastic selection of bars and restaurants to choose from. Opera Garnier is just an eight minute walk with other historic buildings such as the Louvre and Place Vendome being a fifteen minute walk away. If you want to explore the whole of Paris, the metro stop 'Richelieu Drouot' with fantastic links to the rest of Paris is located just 30 metres from the apartment.	A privileged location in the Boulevard de Montmartre, 9th distrcit of Paris. This beautiful 25m2 studio is on the first floor (with a lift) of a typical Haussmann building that is an ideal accommodation choice for both leisure and business travellers A privileged location in the Boulevard de Montmartre, 9th distrcit of Paris. This beautiful 25m2 studio is on the first floor (with a lift) of a typical Haussmann building that is an ideal accommodation choice for both leisure and business travellers. The best quality and the best price, that's how we can describe this Parisian accommodation. This apartment is located in the 9th arrondissement in a very central location. The area is lively with a fantastic selection of bars and restaurants to choose from. Opera Garnier is just an eight minute walk with other historic buildings such as the Louvre and Place Vendome being a fifteen minute walk away. If you want to explore the whole of Paris, the metro stop 'Richelieu Drouot' with fantastic li
29744	A totaly renewed apartment in the pedestrian area of Montorgueuil (Paris very center)- Perfect for a visit of Paris : close to Centre Pompidou, the Louvre, Notre Dame.... Fully furnished for 4 persons - very quiet (faces a courtyard).	A totaly renewed apartment in the pedestrian area of Montorgueuil (Paris very center)- Perfect for a visit of Paris : close to Centre Pompidou, the Louvre, Notre Dame.... Fully furnished for 4 persons - very quiet (faces a courtyard).
29745	Our two rooms flat is so quite and sunny that you won’t feel like being in the most connected area of Paris. Located on the 5th floor, at the back of a dead-end street, our flat is perfect to enjoy the typical parisian lifestyle for a few days. Our apartment is furnished with style and fully equipped (tv, wifi, washing machine, dryer, sheets and towels, etc.). It is located in the very heart of the most interesting cultural sites and neighbourdhoods (5 min walk to Le Louvre and Centre Georges Pompidou, 10 min walk from Le Marais, 15 min from Notre Dame and St Germain).	In the very heart of Paris, we offer a very luminous two-rooms flat that is perfectly located in the heart of Rue Montmartre, Rue Montorgueil and all their trendy cafés, restaurants, and shops. The neighbourhood is like a small village where and trad
29746		Belle chambre à louer à Sentier-Montorgeuil dans appartement de 80m², donnant sur cour (très calme) et plein sud (lumineux). Salle de bain équipée (baignoire, lave-linge). Toilettes séparée. Cuisine équipée et grand salon-salle à manger à dispo.Wifi.
29747	Appartement calme dans un quartier très vivant  Le quartier est très central, extrêmement bien desservi et piéton  Le métro le plus proche est la station : sentier ligne 3 A 10m': les halles : rer a,b,c,d, et ligne 4  Bus 20, 29  A trully parisian neighborhood. Pedestrian market street with typical shops, cafes and restaurants. Eveything you need is there. Transports 3 metro stations nearby with different lines (from 2mn to 5mn walking distance depending on the station). Several bus stops also. Direct access from the airport with RER line B and Chatelet Les Halles metro station. Flexible check in and check out according to the occupancy of the apartment By default, standard timing is:  - check in 1:00pm  - check out 11:00am	Charmant appartement rue Montorgueil, 3 pièces, 60m2. Deux chambres avec chacune un lit double, dont une de 20m2 (porte rideau) et la seconde 10m2 (porte coulissante). Idéalement situé, proche commerces, cafés, restaurants, activités, transports ... Appartement calme dans un quartier très vivant  Le quartier est très central, extrêmement bien desservi et piéton  Le métro le plus proche est la station : sentier ligne 3 A 10m': les halles : rer a,b,c,d, et ligne 4  Bus 20, 29  A trully parisian neighborhood. Pedestrian market street with typical shops, cafes and restaurants. Eveything you need is there. Transports 3 metro stations nearby with different lines (from 2mn to 5mn walking distance depending on the station). Several bus stops also. Direct access from the airport with RER line B and Chatelet Les Halles metro station. Flexible check in and check out according to the occupancy of the apartment By default, standard timing is:  - check in 1:00pm  - check out 11:00am Le quartier est 
29748	Lot of space in the center of Paris, 8 people can sleep there, 4 big bedrooms. 	"4 big bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, one step away from metro ""Grands Boulevards"", 10mn walking from Opéra, Louvres, Galeries Lafayette, close to many famous theatres, musée Grevin ... completely renovated appartment, Internet, TV Lot of space in the center of Paris, 8 people can sleep there, 4 big bedrooms.  Access to complete appartment, living room + kitchen 45m We won't be present during your stay, but probably for your arrival. Always reachable by phone or by mail, we are very attentive to your needs, our neighboors can also be very helpfull. Minutes away walking to most of Paris best places, Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Louvres, Montmartre ... Just go down, you'll find all the theatres, cinemas, bars, restaurants. Metro Grands Boulevards, ligne 8 or 9"
29749	Duplex with two separated spaces : bedroom and bathroom upstairs, living room and kitchen downstairs. Ideal for couple. Located in the heart of Paris with all shops, restaurants and convenience store nearby. 	        Warm and cosy duplex located near Montmartre & Montorgueil pedestrian street, the accommodation is ideal for couple, 40 m2 with 1 double bed and bathroom upstairs (bathtub and WC), 2 sofas, kitchen, washing machine downstairs.          Duplex with two separated spaces : bedroom and bathroom upstairs, living room and kitchen downstairs. Ideal for couple. Located in the heart of Paris with all shops, restaurants and convenience store nearby. You will have access to the all apt (kitchen, freezer, chasing machine, bedroom, bathroom) except a closet, for your own confort where I store my clothes. I'll meet you at your arrival to give you the key, show you the place and tell you about the neighborhood. And I'll meet you when you leave. One of the best district of Paris ! You have two pedestrians street down my place with lots of shops that can offer you every thing you need (fruits, vegetables, meet, fish, groceries), restaurants.  Located 1min away for the subway station Sentier (3)
29750	Lovely apartment in the heart of the city  located in the district of Montorgueil (2nd). It is very convenient for families as it can easily accommodate up to 6 people (bedroom, office with double bed & living room with fils out sofa  / dinner table / Newly renovated kitchen, all you need to prepare a lovely meal. With the rooms facing west and windows in every room, it is a very bright apartment. It is also very quiet. The interior is elegant. Available for rent short term in Paris ( 2 days to two weeks )  You are within walking distance of many cafes, bars , restaurants, bookstores and shops. The incredible Rue Montorgueil and its wide variety of fresh produce, pastries, cafes and bars, is just around the corner.  The Louvre, the Tuileries Gardens, Centrum George Pompidou, the Opéra and the Marais district are all within walking distance.  Close to many subway stations (Chatelet- Les Halles / Sentier / Etienne Marcel) that will take you directly to all the most beautiful prts of Pari	lovely bright and big apartment located in the 2nd district in Paris. Can host up to 6 people (bedroom, bureau with sleeping foldout coach, foldout coach in the living room) The loevre, Pompidou, Opera, Marais district are all within walking distance.
29751	Situated  in the distrct of  the Louvre, 2 steps to the beautiful place des Victoires, this studio is perfactly located, and you will find the Palais Royal garden just nearby. This studio is in a beautiful classic parisian building in the Montorgueil district which is very  animated. It consists of : a double bed a fully equipped open kitchen a shower room with WC Bed linen and towels are provided. Metro: Bouse / Sentier / Louvre - Rivoli / Palais Royal  	Situated  in the distrct of  the Louvre, 2 steps to the beautiful place des Victoires, this studio is perfactly located, and you will find the Palais Royal garden just nearby. This studio is in a beautiful classic parisian building in the Montorgueil district which is very  animated. It consists of : a double bed a fully equipped open kitchen a shower room with WC Bed linen and towels are provided. Metro: Bouse / Sentier / Louvre - Rivoli / Palais Royal  
29752		- Vast 1 bed room  (1 queen size bed + 1 single bed) - Located in the very heart of Paris - Near the Louvre, Opera  
29753		Enjoy a quiet apartment with a lot of light right by Opéra Garnier, Le Louvre, and la Comédie Française. You will be in the heart of it all.
29754	Au coeur du 2me arrondissement. quartier Montorgueil profiterez des rues piétonnes, ses nombreux restaurants pour tous les goûts et budgets. A quelques minutes à pied du Centre Pompidou, des halles, du Louvre, du Marais, Notre-Dame...des théâtres et musées. Parfait pour un couple ou une personne. Emplacement idéale pour visiter la capitale !  A proximité de nombreuses lignes de Métro (les Halles, Étienne Marcel, Sentier), de bus et rer ( RER B direct des aeroports) … C'est un studio de 30M2, au premier étage, Il y a  deux pièces principales et une  petite salle d’eau  avec WC, douche lavabo.   Une première pièce avec table, chaises et coin cuisine, puis la seconde  est une chambre spacieuse avec un lit double et un coin bureau.   l’équipement est complet : machine à laver, micro-ondes, cafetière, Réfrigérateur, Plaque de cuisson, bouilloire… chaine hifi, TV et connexion freeWIFI.  Le linge et les serviettes de toilette peuvent être fournis pour toutes les locations de moins d’un mois. 	Au coeur du 2me arrondissement. quartier Montorgueil profiterez des rues piétonnes, ses nombreux restaurants pour tous les goûts et budgets. A quelques minutes à pied du Centre Pompidou, des halles, du Louvre, du Marais, Notre-Dame...des théâtres et musées. Parfait pour un couple ou une personne. Emplacement idéale pour visiter la capitale !  A proximité de nombreuses lignes de Métro (les Halles, Étienne Marcel, Sentier), de bus et rer ( RER B direct des aeroports) … C'est un studio de 30M2, au premier étage, Il y a  deux pièces principales et une  petite salle d’eau  avec WC, douche lavabo.   Une première pièce avec table, chaises et coin cuisine, puis la seconde  est une chambre spacieuse avec un lit double et un coin bureau.   l’équipement est complet : machine à laver, micro-ondes, cafetière, Réfrigérateur, Plaque de cuisson, bouilloire… chaine hifi, TV et connexion freeWIFI.  Le linge et les serviettes de toilette peuvent être fournis pour toutes les locations de moins d’un mois. 
29755	The apartment is  located  on 5th floor of an amazing Neo-Gothic building. It  has many windows opened onto a long balcony. The Kitchen is open on a large dining room. A  bath-room with a large shower.The bed room has queen-size  bed and two wardrobes. Two additional single beds can be arranged in the living room.	"Located in the 2th arr. of Paris  next to  Montorgueil market, Bourse, Louvre museum, St. Eustache Cathedral, Les Halles,place de Victoire. A sought-after address within walking distance of fashionable shops, bars and good  restaurants. The apartment is  located  on 5th floor of an amazing Neo-Gothic building. It  has many windows opened onto a long balcony. The Kitchen is open on a large dining room. A  bath-room with a large shower.The bed room has queen-size  bed and two wardrobes. Two additional single beds can be arranged in the living room. We 'll be glad to give informations about good restaurants, shops, exhibits and transports Some of the many restaurants, ""bistro"" and  gastronomy next the apartment. ""Les amis des Messina"" 81,  rue Réaumur - 75002 Paris ""Le Pas Sage"" - Passage du Grand Cerf - 75002 Paris. Patisserie: Stohrer -51 Rue Montorgueil, 75002 Paris ( the ""Puy d'amour"" are delicious) Metro lines: 3 and 4 outside the building Velib's station outside of the building Bus "
29756	En plein centre de Paris, cet appartement est très calme, il donne sur une cour intérieure. Refait à neuf en 2013, il est très propre et moderne. Nombreux restaurants et bars à côté. Très bien desservi par 3 lignes de métro, nombreux bus et location de vélos et de voitures.  In the heart of Paris, this apartment is very quiet, overlooking a courtyard. Renovated in 2013, it is very clean and modern. Many restaurants and bars nearby. En el corazón de París, este apartamento es muy tranquilo, con vistas a un patio. Renovado en 2013, es muy limpio y moderno. Muchos restaurantes y bares cercanos Nel cuore di Parigi, questo appartamento è molto tranquilla, si affaccia su un cortile. Ristrutturato nel 2013, è molto pulito e moderno. Molti ristoranti e bar nelle vicinanze In het hart van Parijs, dit appartement is zeer rustig, met uitzicht op een binnenplaats. In 2013 gerenoveerd, het is zeer schoon en modern. Veel restaurants en bars in de buurt В самом сердце Парижа, эта квартира очень тихо,	Quartier Opéra / Louvre / Grands Boulevards, 3 pièces au dernier étage calme et central pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 5 personnes !  Neighborhood Opera / Louvre / Grands Boulevards, flat on the top floor quiet and central up to 5 people! Bario Opera / Louvre, Un piso en la planta superior céntrica y tranquila hasta 5 personas! En plein centre de Paris, cet appartement est très calme, il donne sur une cour intérieure. Refait à neuf en 2013, il est très propre et moderne. Nombreux restaurants et bars à côté. Très bien desservi par 3 lignes de métro, nombreux bus et location de vélos et de voitures.  In the heart of Paris, this apartment is very quiet, overlooking a courtyard. Renovated in 2013, it is very clean and modern. Many restaurants and bars nearby. En el corazón de París, este apartamento es muy tranquilo, con vistas a un patio. Renovado en 2013, es muy limpio y moderno. Muchos restaurantes y bares cercanos Nel cuore di Parigi, questo appartamento è molto tranquilla, si affaccia su 
29757	At the heart of Sentier, central area and well served by transportation, this apartment is pleasant and offers a comfortable and peaceful setting and overlooks a courtyard. The wooden floor and the exposed beams give it a typically Parisian style. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central area. The apartment overlooks a tree-filled courtyard and it is situated on the first floor with no elevator. This nice flat has a view on the building’s courtyard and can be described as a light, calm and cozy apartment. With its wooden floor and apparent beams, it offers a typical Parisian setting. The entrance opens onto the living room where a large closet, a 140 cm sofa bed, a flat screen TV and a dining table can be found. A nice working space has been converted in the corridor. The kitchen also opens onto to living room and is equipped with hot plates, a fridge and a micro-wave.  The living room extends into the bedroom which is equipped with two 80 cm beds that can be twinned to form a	At the heart of Sentier, central area and well served by transportation, this apartment is pleasant and offers a comfortable and peaceful setting and overlooks a courtyard. The wooden floor and the exposed beams give it a typically Parisian style. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central area. The apartment overlooks a tree-filled courtyard and it is situated on the first floor with no elevator. This nice flat has a view on the building’s courtyard and can be described as a light, calm and cozy apartment. With its wooden floor and apparent beams, it offers a typical Parisian setting. The entrance opens onto the living room where a large closet, a 140 cm sofa bed, a flat screen TV and a dining table can be found. A nice working space has been converted in the corridor. The kitchen also opens onto to living room and is equipped with hot plates, a fridge and a micro-wave.  The living room extends into the bedroom which is equipped with two 80 cm beds that can be twinned to form a
29758	The apartment : - 46m2, heart of Paris 2 rooms : - 1 bedroom with king size bed and arrangements - 1 livingroom with sofa bed, 6 persons table, WIFI, Tv LED 104 cm, DVD - 1 spacious bathroom with toilets and shower  - 1 fully equiped kitchen (plates, oven, microwave, refrigirator,...). - Apartement equiped with sheets, towels, soap, shampoo...). Why this appartment is ideal for you : - Typically charming Parisian appartement located in the heart of Paris - Very close from the Louvre (5 minutes by walk) and the big stores on Haussman Boulevard - Very quiet place because on court - Ideal for 4 persons, family, friends or a couple - Proximity of all the main transport hubs : metro, RER, trainstations, buses Important information to keep in mind : - The rent = Paid to Airbnb or directly to the owner  - We will show you the appartment and give you the keys - The final household = Paid to Airbnb or directly to the owner 	Located in the heart of de Paris, 5 minutes by foot from the Louvre Museum, the opera and the big stores on the Haussmann Boulevard, this 2-rooms very quiet flat, available for 4 people, is a great option for couples, friends or families. The apartment : - 46m2, heart of Paris 2 rooms : - 1 bedroom with king size bed and arrangements - 1 livingroom with sofa bed, 6 persons table, WIFI, Tv LED 104 cm, DVD - 1 spacious bathroom with toilets and shower  - 1 fully equiped kitchen (plates, oven, microwave, refrigirator,...). - Apartement equiped with sheets, towels, soap, shampoo...). Why this appartment is ideal for you : - Typically charming Parisian appartement located in the heart of Paris - Very close from the Louvre (5 minutes by walk) and the big stores on Haussman Boulevard - Very quiet place because on court - Ideal for 4 persons, family, friends or a couple - Proximity of all the main transport hubs : metro, RER, trainstations, buses Important information to keep in mind : - The r
29759	This charming and well located 70 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment Is Located rue du Mail in the 2nd district, on the 4th French floor of 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 6 people. This apartment IS Equipped with: unlimited high speed internet access, stereo. Also Provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The 18th century walk up building IS Equipped with: security code, intercom. The 30 square meters living room has 2 double glassed windows and street facings It Is furnished with: dining table for 2 people, sofa, coffee table, 2 armchairs, built-in shelves, hard wooden floor.  Subway: Sentier - Line: This apartment is Located rue du Mail in the 2nd arrondissement Two steps away from the Place des Victoires, famous for young designer boutiques and STIs original creator clothing and accessories. Very close to the Montorgueil area aussi, Which is a pedestrian area, with a lots of restaurants, bakeries, butchers, Many Other types of blinds. This Is 	This charming and well located 70 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment Is Located rue du Mail in the 2nd district, on the 4th French floor of 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 6 people. This apartment IS Equipped with: unlimited high speed internet access, stereo. Also Provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The 18th century walk up building IS Equipped with: security code, intercom. The 30 square meters living room has 2 double glassed windows and street facings It Is furnished with: dining table for 2 people, sofa, coffee table, 2 armchairs, built-in shelves, hard wooden floor.  Subway: Sentier - Line: This apartment is Located rue du Mail in the 2nd arrondissement Two steps away from the Place des Victoires, famous for young designer boutiques and STIs original creator clothing and accessories. Very close to the Montorgueil area aussi, Which is a pedestrian area, with a lots of restaurants, bakeries, butchers, Many Other types of blinds. This Is 
29760	Spacieux, confortable, clair, calme  Dispose d'une chambre à coucher lit King size pour 2 personnes et un double salon marocain	quartier animé et sécurisé, super marché à deux minutes, restaurants, cinémas à proximité  à 2 pas du Musée Grévin et de l'Opéra  appartement de charme, accueillant ,calme très clair . digicode  équipement de cuisine et linge de maison importants Spacieux, confortable, clair, calme  Dispose d'une chambre à coucher lit King size pour 2 personnes et un double salon marocain appartement très bien équipé, clair, cité calme, tout est à disposition dans un le quartier au coeur de la Capitale par mail ou mobile Animé et sécurisé métro grands Boulevards, station de bus et taxis à proximité ascenseur, digicode accès facile deuxième étage 
29761	Le loft est constitué d'une grande pièce à vivre et d'une salle à manger avec deux alcôves chambres.  L'une avec un lit 2 places, une porte permet de fermer la chambre. L'autre avec un lit 1 place, deux rideaux permettent d'isoler la chambre. Grand canapé d'angle pouvant aussi se déplier en lit 2 places. La cuisine est équipée, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, lave linge. Salle de bain petite mais fonctionnelle. En résumé, appartement très confortable dans une ambiance cosy et design. C'est un petit nid très calme et reposant en plein centre de Paris.  Le Louvre, le Centre Pompidou, le Palais Royal, la rue Saint Honoré sont à moins de 500m à pieds. Nombreux restaurants et commerces au pieds de l'immeuble. 	Loft d'environs 50m2, très calme et lumineux. Vous êtes idéalement situé entre Le Louvre, Palais Royal et le quartier animé de Montorgueil. Le loft est constitué d'une grande pièce à vivre et d'une salle à manger avec deux alcôves chambres.  L'une avec un lit 2 places, une porte permet de fermer la chambre. L'autre avec un lit 1 place, deux rideaux permettent d'isoler la chambre. Grand canapé d'angle pouvant aussi se déplier en lit 2 places. La cuisine est équipée, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, lave linge. Salle de bain petite mais fonctionnelle. En résumé, appartement très confortable dans une ambiance cosy et design. C'est un petit nid très calme et reposant en plein centre de Paris.  Le Louvre, le Centre Pompidou, le Palais Royal, la rue Saint Honoré sont à moins de 500m à pieds. Nombreux restaurants et commerces au pieds de l'immeuble. Wifi,  hi-fi stéréo system and  television Lots of trendy stores and restaurants around, fashion district, in the very center of Paris, 5' walking 
29762	This nice studio is located on the 5th floor of a building of good quality with no elevator. The main room of the studio is made up of an equipped kitchen, a dining table with four chairs, a very comfortable 140 cm convertible sofa, storage areas and a TV. This room is very bright thanks to its numerous windows. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets.	This charming apartment has a perfect location. In the wonderful Madeleine – Opéra neighborhood, you won’t be lacking places to visit, whether they are cultural or shopping! Very well decorated and arranged, you will feel at ease. This nice studio is located on the 5th floor of a building of good quality with no elevator. The main room of the studio is made up of an equipped kitchen, a dining table with four chairs, a very comfortable 140 cm convertible sofa, storage areas and a TV. This room is very bright thanks to its numerous windows. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets. The place de l’Opéra is one of the key points of the 8 “grands boulevards” that connect the place de la Madeleine with the place de la République. Fashionable and elegant, those grands boulevard are filled with theaters and large breweries where you can enjoy sunny days. Lively both day and night, this is a place for business meetings or friend gatherings. Bus 39,48,52 Métro 3 Bourse, Quatre-Sept
29763		13m2 room in a 80m2 appartement.  King size bed Internet (Fiber) Perfect situation in Paris: Metro:      - Grands Boulevards (lines 8 and 9) 50m      - Bourse (line 3) 100m Points of interest by foot:      - Montmartre 15min      - Châtelet 10min (lines 1,4,7,14 and RER A,B,D)      - Galeries Lafayettes 5min      - Seine river 15min
29764	The apartment is fully equipped and furnished. Covering an area available to travellers from 100 m2, it contains a lounge and dining room communicating, a separate kitchen and 2 bedrooms (1 with a double bed, a second bedroom with 2 single beds 80 linkeble ), each with its own bathroom (1 with bath, 1 with shower). 	 The apartment is located in the historic heart, cultural and tourist Paris (monuments, museums, theaters, restaurants, bars, shopping ...) Located on the 4th floor courtyard (with elevator) of a building in 1850, it is very quiet and light. The apartment is fully equipped and furnished. Covering an area available to travellers from 100 m2, it contains a lounge and dining room communicating, a separate kitchen and 2 bedrooms (1 with a double bed, a second bedroom with 2 single beds 80 linkeble ), each with its own bathroom (1 with bath, 1 with shower).   Travelers will have access to the entire apartment except a 3rd bedroom inaccessible and unoccupied. Ourselves or a person responsible by us, welcome travelers during their arrival and departure. We will always be contactable by telephone for any need. ).  The apartment is located in the heart of Paris. You can walk 5 minutes to go to the Louvre, the Tuileries Gardens, the Royal Palace with its beautiful garden, place Vendôme and the O
29765	"“Z” Studio is newly renovated 5th floor (top floor) studio and can accommodate 2 people. You will have to walk up the stairs since the building does not have an elevator. It has everything you will need for a comfortable stay in Paris: new double bed, plenty of closet space, a small renovated kitchen area with refrigerator, expresso coffee machine, microwave, electric cooking plate, tea kettle and counter, Dyson bladeless quiet fan, a new wall heater and hot water heater, stand-up shower and toilet. “Z” Studio comes supplied with fresh bed linens and towels. Newly painted with a new floor to finish it off!!! Our cost includes cleaning at the end of your stay. ""Z"" Appartement est un studio pour 2 personnes situé au 5 ème étage sans ascenseur. Il a été complètement rénové dernièrement. Vous y trouverez tout le nécessaire pour passer un séjour cosy dans le cœur de Paris et du vibrant quartier Montorgeuil ; Il comporte un lit double neuf, beaucoup d'espace de rangement, un petit coin cuisi"	"NEWLY RENOVATED STUDIO FOR TWO ON ONE OF THE MOST TALKED ABOUT STREETS IN PARIS, RUE DU NIL. AROUND THE CORNER IS RUE MONTORGUEIL, THE MOST POPULAR PEDESTRIAN STREET IN PARIS. A SHORT WALK TO LE LOUVRE AND LE MARAIS. BED 160x200cm “Z” Studio is newly renovated 5th floor (top floor) studio and can accommodate 2 people. You will have to walk up the stairs since the building does not have an elevator. It has everything you will need for a comfortable stay in Paris: new double bed, plenty of closet space, a small renovated kitchen area with refrigerator, expresso coffee machine, microwave, electric cooking plate, tea kettle and counter, Dyson bladeless quiet fan, a new wall heater and hot water heater, stand-up shower and toilet. “Z” Studio comes supplied with fresh bed linens and towels. Newly painted with a new floor to finish it off!!! Our cost includes cleaning at the end of your stay. ""Z"" Appartement est un studio pour 2 personnes situé au 5 ème étage sans ascenseur. Il a été complète"
29766	Beautiful flat with beam on the the ceiling.  The place is very very quiet and at the same time in the center of Paris	A bright one bed flat nearly five mm walking distance from Opéra Garnier, Palais Royal and Louvre muséum. It s fully furnished in a very central but also quiet area. You have everything you need around (Shops, restaurants, supermarket and transports Beautiful flat with beam on the the ceiling.  The place is very very quiet and at the same time in the center of Paris Close to all ameneties and public transports. There is one elevator to go to the flat on the top floor.  I manage to be here for the checking The flat is really in the heart of Paris. Opéra Garnier, the Tuilerie, Le Louvre, Le Marais are close from the place.  In the area you have a lot of restaurant French of course but also delicious Japanese’s. The best of Paris! Metro line 1,3,8,14 RER B Aubert (10 mm walk from the flat) Many buses
29767	Le logement est en plein centre de paris mais très calme. Il est situe au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) et donne sur cour.  Il comprend une pièce a vivre de 15m2 avec cuisine, 1 salle de douche, 1 mezzanine. La pièce à vivre possède un canapé lit deux personnes. La mezzanine possède un lit 1,5 personne. (peu de hauteur sous plafond) Equipement Cuisine : four, frigidaire, congélateur,lave-linge.	Joli studio Situé au centre de paris, aux poutres apparentes,  lumineux, il est agréable à vivre. Le logement est en plein centre de paris mais très calme. Il est situe au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) et donne sur cour.  Il comprend une pièce a vivre de 15m2 avec cuisine, 1 salle de douche, 1 mezzanine. La pièce à vivre possède un canapé lit deux personnes. La mezzanine possède un lit 1,5 personne. (peu de hauteur sous plafond) Equipement Cuisine : four, frigidaire, congélateur,lave-linge. Métro Palais royal musée du louvres(l1/l7) a 3 minutes             Pyramide(l7/l14) a 3 minutes             Opéra(l8/l7/l3) a 5 minutes À deux pas du magasin Colette et de la rue St honoré.  A 5 minutes du Louvres et du jardin des tuileries et 10 minutes des grands magasins à pieds. A 10 minutes des Champs Elysées en métro.
29768	High standard Hausmannian building  (with lift) secured by a door code and a security guard 24/7. The apartment is on the entresol (equivalent of the UE 1st floor in this building). The windows give on a lovely tree-lined garden, quiet, with a gorgeous fountain. This charming 26sqm nest has been entirely renovated in 2010. It has been decorated with much taste. The entrance gives on the main room. This room features a comfortable sofabed that can sleep two people (140×200). A beautiful wooden table with two chairs will enable you to have dinner with a lovely view on the garden. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. It is right opposite the entrance door. It features electric stove, fridge and dishwasher. You can also make it disappear behind doors just as if it was a large wardrobe in the twinkling of an eye ! You will find a wardrobe next to the bed to store your clothes. From the main room you will reach the very nice bathroom. It features a walk-in shower, toilets, a washbasi	Lovely 25sqm pied-a-terre to rent for two people in the 2nd district of Paris, two steps away from the Palais Royal. A lovely jewel overlooking a tree-lined garden. High standard Hausmannian building  (with lift) secured by a door code and a security guard 24/7. The apartment is on the entresol (equivalent of the UE 1st floor in this building). The windows give on a lovely tree-lined garden, quiet, with a gorgeous fountain. This charming 26sqm nest has been entirely renovated in 2010. It has been decorated with much taste. The entrance gives on the main room. This room features a comfortable sofabed that can sleep two people (140×200). A beautiful wooden table with two chairs will enable you to have dinner with a lovely view on the garden. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. It is right opposite the entrance door. It features electric stove, fridge and dishwasher. You can also make it disappear behind doors just as if it was a large wardrobe in the twinkling of an eye ! You wi
29769	One bedroom with a 140*200 bed A small, personal garret with 100*180 mattress Kitchen Bathroom Living room with TV, sofa bed (140*200)	45M2 apartment, located in the center of Paris. The Space Charming,refitted apartment in 2nd floor with elevator for maximum 5 persons. One bedroom with a 200*140 bed A small, personal garret with 100*180 mattress Kitchen Batchen Living room with T
29770	The Rayz Bar Terrace is 36square meters. Very spacious lounge areas and bedroom are complemented by bathrooms where white ceramic floors meets the silver ceilings. You will enjoy of a cocktail bar and of a private terrace.	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 36square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. The Rayz Bar Terrace is 36square meters. Very spacious lounge areas and bedroom are complemented by bathrooms where white ceramic floors meets the silver ceilings. You will enjoy of a cocktail bar and of a private terrace. From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER B line in the direction of Saint-Rémy-Lès-Chevreuse, change at Châtelet-Les Halles station for the RER A line in the direction of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, alight at Auber station (or alternatively change at Châtelet-Les Halles for the Paris Métro 
29771	Situé au 18, rue Volney à Paris 2 (entre Place Vendome, Opera et Madeleine) entièrement sécurisé (digicode à l’entrée, gardien présent de 7H30 à 19H30, code d’accès par pallier), l’appartement est lumineux (4ème étage par ascenseur) et calme (sur Rue Daunou, à sens unique, en retrait des axes principaux). Grace à des cloisons entièrement amovibles, cet appartement d’une superficie de 30 m² se transforme à souhait en un grand studio ou un 2 pièces avec 2 couchages (canapé lit +lit). Entièrement équipé et meublé, cet appartement à louer à la semaine ou au mois est un havre de paix. Il se compose : - d’une cuisine entièrement équipée (frigidaire avec bac à glace, lave-vaisselle, four, plaques céramiques, cafetière Nespresso, grille-pain, micro-ondes, bouilloire, vaisselle et nécessaires de cuisine), - d‘un séjour avec canapé lit convertible (2 places -145 /190, matelas Bultex), table basse et TV , écran plat 26 pouces, internet haud débit, -d’une chambre (lit 160/200, literie Bultex), rév	Entre Place Vendome et Opéra, cet appartement entierement refait à neuf et tout équipé vous permettra d'etre au coeur du Paris touristique en toute sécurité. Immeuble sécurisé et avec gardien. Tout Paris est à vous. Situé au 18, rue Volney à Paris 2 (entre Place Vendome, Opera et Madeleine) entièrement sécurisé (digicode à l’entrée, gardien présent de 7H30 à 19H30, code d’accès par pallier), l’appartement est lumineux (4ème étage par ascenseur) et calme (sur Rue Daunou, à sens unique, en retrait des axes principaux). Grace à des cloisons entièrement amovibles, cet appartement d’une superficie de 30 m² se transforme à souhait en un grand studio ou un 2 pièces avec 2 couchages (canapé lit +lit). Entièrement équipé et meublé, cet appartement à louer à la semaine ou au mois est un havre de paix. Il se compose : - d’une cuisine entièrement équipée (frigidaire avec bac à glace, lave-vaisselle, four, plaques céramiques, cafetière Nespresso, grille-pain, micro-ondes, bouilloire, vaisselle et n
29772	Très calme, charmant et atypique à proximité de tous commerces, restaurants, marché U, boutiques. Proche le Marais, Beaubourg et Palais Royal. Plein centre de Paris.	Cet appartement  atypique en plein coeur du quartier piéton Montorgueil vous séduira par son calme et sa décoration authentique. Il donne sur une cour arborée et dispose de trois lits et deux chambres. Le quartier le plus prisé du moment ! Très calme, charmant et atypique à proximité de tous commerces, restaurants, marché U, boutiques. Proche le Marais, Beaubourg et Palais Royal. Plein centre de Paris. En plein centre de Paris, ce quartier historique est aujourd'hui l'un des quartiers les plus prisés de la capitale. Metro Etienne Marcel, les halles, Sentier RER
29773		Your own cosy and clean studio just off the Grands Boulevards. Double bed, fully furnished with Internet (to post all your stories on Facebook )! 2 min walk from the closest Metro + shops with an ease of access to a great Parisian experience.
29774	Ancien appartement de Géraldine Chaplin,lieu de concerts privés aujourd'hui, il allie le charme de l'histoire et tout le confort contemporain. Ambiance unique, calme et harmonie en plein coeur de Paris! 	Charme et confort dans un immeuble du 16ème siècle, dans une impasse très calme et pourtant en plein centre de Paris. Poutres apparentes, tomettes, décoration contemporaine, magnifique séjour de 50m2, 2 chambres et 2 salles d'eau, près de tout!    Ancien appartement de Géraldine Chaplin,lieu de concerts privés aujourd'hui, il allie le charme de l'histoire et tout le confort contemporain. Ambiance unique, calme et harmonie en plein coeur de Paris! Cuisine équipée, WIFI, piano à queue Je résiderai à proximité pendant leur séjour, aussi pourrai-je assurer l'installation de mes hôtes et rester à leur disposition pendant toute la durée de leur séjour, pour toute information nécessaire... La proximité du Marais et de ses galeries d'art, le centre Pompidou, les clubs de jazz, le quartier Montorgueil et ses commerçants, son marché, ses restaurants... RER Châtelet les Halles sortie Lescot Ligne 4 Etienne Marcel Ligne 3 Réaumur Sébastopol Bus 29 Le piano à queue est à disposition, merci d'en jou
29775	CENTRAL : 6 SLEEPS Apartment in MONTORGUEIL AREA !  This 66 square meters 2 Bedrooms 2 Bathrooms apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris, rue Beauregard Paris 2. Situated in the Montorgueil neighbourhood, you will enjoy this shopping district very typical : traditional restaurants, sidewalk cafés, food trades, groceries, bakers (croissants, baguettes).. This famous quarter is a lively and pedestrianized area, rare in Paris. Apartment completely refurbished in 2013, very bright and spacious, decorated with all modern convenience and luxury, and it sleeps 6 people. The interior is warm and comfortable. Bedrooms : NEW and High-standard bedding. Two bathrooms designed by an architect. Each equipped with a walk-in shower. Its central localisation is perfect to go for a walk and discover the charm of Paris. On foot, you get to district of Beaubourg and its museum of modern Art : 'Le Centre Pompidou', Châtelet-Les Halles, the banks of the Seine, Notre Dame and l'Ile de la Cité, the	Apartment totally refurbished, very bright and spacious, decorated with all modern convenience, it sleeps 6 people. Located in the shopping district very typical of Montorgueil, you will enjoy : cafés & restaurants, food trades, bakeries, groceries.. CENTRAL : 6 SLEEPS Apartment in MONTORGUEIL AREA !  This 66 square meters 2 Bedrooms 2 Bathrooms apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris, rue Beauregard Paris 2. Situated in the Montorgueil neighbourhood, you will enjoy this shopping district very typical : traditional restaurants, sidewalk cafés, food trades, groceries, bakers (croissants, baguettes).. This famous quarter is a lively and pedestrianized area, rare in Paris. Apartment completely refurbished in 2013, very bright and spacious, decorated with all modern convenience and luxury, and it sleeps 6 people. The interior is warm and comfortable. Bedrooms : NEW and High-standard bedding. Two bathrooms designed by an architect. Each equipped with a walk-in shower. Its central
29776	The studio apartment, open-espace,  is perfectly situated in the center city, in the pedestrian Montorgueil area (some US guide call that marais even if it is different area), in between restaurants and cafes but located in a quiet and historical street. So historical that Dartagnan have lived there. At the fourth floor of an authentic Parisian building. Totally renovated and fully furnished it has an open kitchen area, a well organized and bright main room. This apartment in Paris will be perfect for your stay.  perfect for two people and possible for three.  Two persons on longer terms. Rue Tiquetonne is located in the heart of Paris. The Seine, the Louvre, Garnier Opéra, Grands Magasins, the high fashion district of the Faubourg St Honoré, Pompidou Center, Marais, Sainte Chapelle, and the Latin Quarter are all within easy walking distance. The same is true of the shopping center at Les Halles, the Palais Royal, and the Tuilleries Gardens. In the nearby Forum des Halles, you will fin	Very central studio in bustling Montorgueil, near les Halles underground hub, less then 10mn from Paris centers of interest. Great layout with convertible sofabed for 2 and for 1, equipped kitchen corner, bathroom, making guests feel home instantly. The studio apartment, open-espace,  is perfectly situated in the center city, in the pedestrian Montorgueil area (some US guide call that marais even if it is different area), in between restaurants and cafes but located in a quiet and historical street. So historical that Dartagnan have lived there. At the fourth floor of an authentic Parisian building. Totally renovated and fully furnished it has an open kitchen area, a well organized and bright main room. This apartment in Paris will be perfect for your stay.  perfect for two people and possible for three.  Two persons on longer terms. Rue Tiquetonne is located in the heart of Paris. The Seine, the Louvre, Garnier Opéra, Grands Magasins, the high fashion district of the Faubourg St Honor
29777	Appartement sur la rue Montorgueil, une des rues les plus mignonnes et commerçantes de tout Paris	Magnifique petit appartement situé en plein coeur de Paris rue Montorgueil (une des rues les plus mignonnes de toute la planète Terre), situé tout juste entre Louvre et Opéra !  Un régal ! Appartement sur la rue Montorgueil, une des rues les plus mignonnes et commerçantes de tout Paris Nous rencontrons personnellement tous les guests pour la remise des clés et répondre à toutes vos questions Rue Montorgueil, la rue plus commerçante et la plus tendance de tout Paris TOUTes les principales stations sont à coté :  Etienne Marcel  Sentier  Louvre Rivoli  Chatelet  Bourse
29778	Aside from the fact that the apartment is very cute functional and comfortable, the location is also amazing.	This 27 meter square apartment is located on the first floor of a historically protected building in MONTORGUEIL neighborhood which is a vibrant pedestrian area in the heart of Paris, this is Paris best kept secret. Aside from the fact that the apartment is very cute functional and comfortable, the location is also amazing. Guest will have access to every thing in the apartment except very small part on the closet for owner's belongings. I will be available to answer any questions the guest may have. The neighborhood is amazing, close to three metro stations if you want to have tasty prepared food to heat up and eat at home or eat out or cook your self, you will find every thing you will need steps away. Line 3( sentier) line 4(Etienne Marcel) and  line 1 RER B( les Halles) are all within short walk. The apartment has just been renovated, and has high end microwave you can cook nicely in it 2 burner high end cook top refrigerator, washer with dryer, hair dryer iron ironing table, prett
29779	Vous pouvez loger jusqu'à 4 adultes et 1 bébé et 1 enfant  	Appartement au centre de Paris dans le quartier Montorgueil  Vous pouvez loger jusqu'à 4 adultes et 1 bébé et 1 enfant  L'appartement se situe au centre de Paris , commerces , restaurants, musée Pompidou, proche marais Non nous ne serons pas sur Paris  Métro sentier ou Étienne Marcel 
29780		Cet appartement situé en plein cœur de Paris, entre l'Opéra, le Louvre et la place Vendôme, est le pied à terre idéal pour découvrir Paris! Totalement rénové au dernier étage d'un immeuble historique, il est très lumineux et tout confort.
29781	The flat is 27m2, complete with all kitchen utensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. There is bathroom with a bathtub and toilette. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 27square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. The flat is 27m2, complete with all kitchen utensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. There is bathroom with a bathtub and toilette. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER B line in the direction of Saint-Rémy-Lès-Ch
29782	THE FLAT : elevator Kitchen, living room: Fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven, microwaves... opened in a big living room (30 square meters) with cable, high speed internet WiFi, Hifi, DVD, computer. Bathroom, toilet and washing mashing room: Separated individual WC It is equipped with a washing machine, a hairdryer, iron and ironing table. Fresh towels are included. Bedroom: Queen size double bed intimate bedroom.  2 big windows Bed linen is provided Metro stations:  Bourse Line 3 (2 min), Grands Boulevard (4 min) and Chatelet Les Halles (7 min)  40 min to CDG airport direct line RER B Roissy Charles de Gaulle - Les halles  35 min to Orly airport direct line RER B to Antony and orlyval to Orly Airport - Les Halles  Chatelet les halles is the central connection station for all Metro lines	THE FLAT : elevator Kitchen, living room: Fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven, microwaves... opened in a big living room (30 square meters) with cable, high speed internet WiFi, Hifi, DVD, computer. Bathroom, toilet and washing mashing room: Separated individual WC It is equipped with a washing machine, a hairdryer, iron and ironing table. Fresh towels are included. Bedroom: Queen size double bed intimate bedroom.  2 big windows Bed linen is provided Metro stations:  Bourse Line 3 (2 min), Grands Boulevard (4 min) and Chatelet Les Halles (7 min)  40 min to CDG airport direct line RER B Roissy Charles de Gaulle - Les halles  35 min to Orly airport direct line RER B to Antony and orlyval to Orly Airport - Les Halles  Chatelet les halles is the central connection station for all Metro lines
29783	Authentique ex-chambre de passe de la rue Saint-Denis, que j'ai choisi de laisser en état, ce qui lui confère un cachet unique : grands miroirs autour et au-dessus du lit, grande baignoire, et WC dans la même pièce :) Il y a encore quelques professionnelles qui opèrent dans l'immeuble, d'authentiques Parisiennes des années 60. Elles aussi ont beaucoup de cachet (et elles sont très gentilles, promis). Evidemment, c'est atypique, mais c'est ce qui fait tout le charme de ce petit studio de 17m2, qui possède tout de même un coin cuisine avec un réfrigérateur. C'est calme, c'est propre, c'est kitsch, et à proximité de tout (République, Châtelet...) Si vous n'avez pas peur des miroirs, c'est fait pour vous.	Authentique ex-chambre de passe de la rue Saint-Denis, que j'ai choisi de laisser en état, ce qui lui confère un cachet unique : grands miroirs autour et au-dessus du lit, grande baignoire, et WC dans la même pièce :)  Authentique ex-chambre de passe de la rue Saint-Denis, que j'ai choisi de laisser en état, ce qui lui confère un cachet unique : grands miroirs autour et au-dessus du lit, grande baignoire, et WC dans la même pièce :) Il y a encore quelques professionnelles qui opèrent dans l'immeuble, d'authentiques Parisiennes des années 60. Elles aussi ont beaucoup de cachet (et elles sont très gentilles, promis). Evidemment, c'est atypique, mais c'est ce qui fait tout le charme de ce petit studio de 17m2, qui possède tout de même un coin cuisine avec un réfrigérateur. C'est calme, c'est propre, c'est kitsch, et à proximité de tout (République, Châtelet...) Si vous n'avez pas peur des miroirs, c'est fait pour vous.
29784	Large studio located in the heart of Montorgueil district, between Les Halles and Grands Boulevards. The apartment is on the first floor of a renewed building and offers a terrace with private access through two large glass doors, a living room with a sofabed for two persons, flat screen with internet TV, cupboards. The flat is equipped with an open equipped kitchen with stoves, microwave fridge, kitchenware + a convenient laundry corner with washer. A practical bright bathroom with modern cabin shower, towel dryer, large mirror and toilet. A quiet nest in the middle of a very lively area.	Charming studio with terrace, ideally located in the lively district of Montorgueil, between Les Halles and the Grands Boulevards, with the necessary comfort to feel instantly home for a pleasant stay. A haven of peace in the bustling district. Large studio located in the heart of Montorgueil district, between Les Halles and Grands Boulevards. The apartment is on the first floor of a renewed building and offers a terrace with private access through two large glass doors, a living room with a sofabed for two persons, flat screen with internet TV, cupboards. The flat is equipped with an open equipped kitchen with stoves, microwave fridge, kitchenware + a convenient laundry corner with washer. A practical bright bathroom with modern cabin shower, towel dryer, large mirror and toilet. A quiet nest in the middle of a very lively area. The apartment is a private one in a residential building. It's perfectly organized and equipped to enable you to feel at home instantly. Free Internet/Wifi co
29785	Prestigious neighbourhood, 7 minutes walking from the Louvre  and 5 min from Opera.  Beautiful building, considered as a  « patrimony of Paris » (immeuble classé) Stunning ceiling height (4,5 meters) 55 square meters A 2nd floor apartment (US 3rd floor) with elevator: 1 big living room with a sofa bed (2 people can sleep there, it’s a very comfortable bed),  1 bedroom with a double bed (very good mattress), 1 bathroom, 1 small kitchen. The bedroom is facing out to a courtyard, very calm, enabling you to sleep soundly after a busy day in Paris. Best location in Paris, walking distance: Louvre  : 7 min Opéra : 5 min Marais: 20 min Saint Germain ; 15 min A lot of shops and best Japanese restaurants of Paris (2 min from rue Saint Anne) Local public transportations links:  Pyramides , Opéra, Palais Royal Musée du Louvre, 4 Septembre Amenities and services provided: - Free WIFI, TV - Hair dryer - Towels -  If you're looking to get to know the real Paris, at it's living, breathing heart, this	Louvre/ Opéra  55m2 Center of Paris, historical neighborhood Very quiet apartment  Beautiful building, considered as a  « patrimony of Paris » (immeuble classé) 1 bedroom  1 big livingroom with a confortable sofabed  High celling Prestigious neighbourhood, 7 minutes walking from the Louvre  and 5 min from Opera.  Beautiful building, considered as a  « patrimony of Paris » (immeuble classé) Stunning ceiling height (4,5 meters) 55 square meters A 2nd floor apartment (US 3rd floor) with elevator: 1 big living room with a sofa bed (2 people can sleep there, it’s a very comfortable bed),  1 bedroom with a double bed (very good mattress), 1 bathroom, 1 small kitchen. The bedroom is facing out to a courtyard, very calm, enabling you to sleep soundly after a busy day in Paris. Best location in Paris, walking distance: Louvre  : 7 min Opéra : 5 min Marais: 20 min Saint Germain ; 15 min A lot of shops and best Japanese restaurants of Paris (2 min from rue Saint Anne) Local public transportations
29786	Located in a quiet street, you will not be disturbed by the hectic night life of the neighbourhood, either on Les Grands Boulevard or in Rue Montorgueil, fully animated with bars and restaurants. This 2-rooms appartment of 35m² is nicely arranged: a living-room, dinner area as well as kitchen area. In the entrance, a big wardrobe will allow you to store coats and shoes. Combining calm and numerous spots to go shopping and go out, this appartment is highly recommended for people who wants to enjoy Paris' lifestyle without the disadvantages. Perfectly located, if the weather permits it, you can walk till Opéra, Jardin des Tuileries and Le Louvre or Place de la République and the Parisian area Le Marais. 	 In the heart of quartier du Sentier, from 3 min walk of the nicest pedestrian street Rue Montorgeuil, 15 min of Les Halles and Châtelet or quartier de l'Opéra, this modern flat will seduce you !     Located in a quiet street, you will not be disturbed by the hectic night life of the neighbourhood, either on Les Grands Boulevard or in Rue Montorgueil, fully animated with bars and restaurants. This 2-rooms appartment of 35m² is nicely arranged: a living-room, dinner area as well as kitchen area. In the entrance, a big wardrobe will allow you to store coats and shoes. Combining calm and numerous spots to go shopping and go out, this appartment is highly recommended for people who wants to enjoy Paris' lifestyle without the disadvantages. Perfectly located, if the weather permits it, you can walk till Opéra, Jardin des Tuileries and Le Louvre or Place de la République and the Parisian area Le Marais. full appartment You will enjoy typical Parisian lifestyle in this area, thanks to numerou
29787	The apartment is very central and quiet in a lively area. Welcome to the heart of Paris! 	The apartment is very central and quiet in a lively area. Welcome to the heart of Paris! The apartment is very central and quiet in a lively area. Welcome to the heart of Paris! There is everything you need ;-)  (but no TV sorry)  Good double bed, a bathroom (1 sink, 1 shower cubicle, and 1 toilet), and a kitchen (plate, pane, microwave, coffee, refrigerator.. – but no dishwasher sorry) The location can’t be beat. With a mere 3-minute walk from the renowned Rue Montorgueil, one of the liveliest pedestrian walkways in Paris, you’ll have a rich variety of fine restaurants, bakeries, pastry shops, wine merchants and much more. There are also shops, bars restaurant close to the flat. For your cultural and shopping excursions, you are within 15 minutes’ distance from some of the greatest destinations Paris has to offer: Châtelet-les-Halles, the Louvre art museum, the Palais Royal, the Garnier Opera House, Haussmann Boulevard and the Grands Magasins shopping center. The “Grands Boulevards” t
29788		Charmante tour de 4 étages, belle superficie, avec grande terrasse et parfaite exposition plein sud. Le seul bémol arroser les plantes car la tour est fleurie :) Charming 4 floor tower in the hearth of Paris, ideal location with terrasse.
29789	Standing Located on the 2nd floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured with a door code. The apartment has an alarm system. Layout A gem in the deep heart of Paris, this exceptional 160 sqm (1700 sq ft) apartment has been completely renovated in 2014. It can comfortably accommodate up to six people in two separate bedrooms and three bathrooms! You will first enter a beautiful (and quite impressive) living room of 50 sqm (538 sq ft). Spacious, airy, beautifully furnished and decorated, each piece of furniture, each piece of art having been chosen with much love. It also features a high quality sofa bed (purchased in 2015) featuring a queen size mattress (160x200). What a privilege to be able to relax in such a place after a long day in the streets and museums of Paris, while listening to your new favorite song (hi-fi system is equipped with a dock for iPhone / iPod) ! The dining room adjoins the living room and is equipped with a large table that can accommodate up to six gu	Amazing 160 sqm 2-bedroom apartment with 3 bathrooms to rent for two couples in the heart of Paris : come and live the dream in a magical place two steps away from the Palais Royal, the Montorgueil pedestrian romantic streets, the Louvre,... Standing Located on the 2nd floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured with a door code. The apartment has an alarm system. Layout A gem in the deep heart of Paris, this exceptional 160 sqm (1700 sq ft) apartment has been completely renovated in 2014. It can comfortably accommodate up to six people in two separate bedrooms and three bathrooms! You will first enter a beautiful (and quite impressive) living room of 50 sqm (538 sq ft). Spacious, airy, beautifully furnished and decorated, each piece of furniture, each piece of art having been chosen with much love. It also features a high quality sofa bed (purchased in 2015) featuring a queen size mattress (160x200). What a privilege to be able to relax in such a place after a long day in t
29790		Superbe appartement de deux pièces situé en plein cœur du quartier de Montorgueil. Au deuxième étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble sécurisé. L'appartement se compose d'une cuisine américaine ouverte sur le séjour, d'une chambre avec un coin salon et d'une salle de bain donnant sur la chambre
29791		Studio très bien situé au coeur de Paris disponible certains weekends pour personne seule ou couple. 6e étage avec ascenseur, cour intérieure, vue imprenable sur Montmartre. À 1 minute du métro Bonne Nouvelle.
29792	The apartment is located in a very quiet building overlooking a beautiful flowered courtyard, making it a great place to rest. There is a very large and confortable double bed in the bedroom. And also a mezzanine with a 2 place sofa bed for 1 or 2 additional persons (child or couple), a folding table (up to 4) in the living room, a coffee machine, oven and microwave, kettle and all equipment needed for cooking. And of course a bathroom with toilet, sink and bathtub.	This beautiful flat, in a quiet little building with a lot of plants, is an ideal base for discovering Paris thanks to its central location, near to the Grands Boulevards (5 min walk), Opera (10 min), Louvre, Notre Dame and Pompidou (15 min walk !). The apartment is located in a very quiet building overlooking a beautiful flowered courtyard, making it a great place to rest. There is a very large and confortable double bed in the bedroom. And also a mezzanine with a 2 place sofa bed for 1 or 2 additional persons (child or couple), a folding table (up to 4) in the living room, a coffee machine, oven and microwave, kettle and all equipment needed for cooking. And of course a bathroom with toilet, sink and bathtub. You get access to the whole apartment If you need help and / or advice during your stay, you can call us or mail us at any time. We would be happy to help you. The flat is well situated between la rue des Petits Carreaux - Montorgueil (beautiful pedestrian street leading to Les 
29793	Lovely 1 bedroom flat perfectly located in bustling trendy Montorgueil area, steps from les Chatelet - les Halles and at walking distance from main city center monuments and points of interet. Lovely bright 1 bedroom apartment of 35 Sqm with perfect layout, giving room for daily use and providing with 2 sleepings for 2 each on mezzanine in living room and in bedroom for night time. It features also a very appreciable well equipped kitchenand dining corner, a relaxing sofa for the seating area, a bathroom with toilets. Close to all restaurants, brasseries, speakeasy clubs, trendy shops, gym club and massage places.	Very central 1 bedroom in bustling Montorgueil, near les Halles underground hub, less then 10mn from Paris centers of interet. Great layout with well equipped kitchen, bathroom, 2 sleepings for 2 each on mezzanines, making guests feel home instantly. Lovely 1 bedroom flat perfectly located in bustling trendy Montorgueil area, steps from les Chatelet - les Halles and at walking distance from main city center monuments and points of interet. Lovely bright 1 bedroom apartment of 35 Sqm with perfect layout, giving room for daily use and providing with 2 sleepings for 2 each on mezzanine in living room and in bedroom for night time. It features also a very appreciable well equipped kitchenand dining corner, a relaxing sofa for the seating area, a bathroom with toilets. Close to all restaurants, brasseries, speakeasy clubs, trendy shops, gym club and massage places. The apartment is a private one in a residential building. It's perfectly organized and equipped to enable you to feel at home i
29794	Hello everybody and thank you for your interest.  Atypical boho Parisian apartment situated in the pedestrian Montorgueil-Saint-Denis area. Nice 3 rooms of 51 m2 located in a seventeenth century building nestled in a small and quiet passage typical of the area without traffic. Charm of the old (beams, half-timbering, floor tiles) while being very functional. Cable TV, high speed internet, WIFI, DVD and DVD collection available to the tenants. One bedroom with a double bed. One new and comfortable sofa bed for two people in the living room. Small library and fully equipped kitchen (electric oven, gas hob, blender, dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso machine ...). Beautiful bathroom decorated with oriental influences. Large corner bath. Nobody live in the building directly opposite. The apartment is located 2 minutes walk to the Rue Montorgueil. Rue Montorgueil is a street in the 2nd arrondissement (in the Châtelet-Les Halles district) of Paris. Lined with restaurants, cafés, bakeries	Hello everybody and thank you for your interest.  Atypical boho Parisian apartment situated in the pedestrian Montorgueil-Saint-Denis area. Nice 3 rooms of 51 m2 located in a seventeenth century building nestled in a small and quiet passage typical of the area without traffic. Charm of the old (beams, half-timbering, floor tiles) while being very functional. Cable TV, high speed internet, WIFI, DVD and DVD collection available to the tenants. One bedroom with a double bed. One new and comfortable sofa bed for two people in the living room. Small library and fully equipped kitchen (electric oven, gas hob, blender, dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso machine ...). Beautiful bathroom decorated with oriental influences. Large corner bath. Nobody live in the building directly opposite. The apartment is located 2 minutes walk to the Rue Montorgueil. Rue Montorgueil is a street in the 2nd arrondissement (in the Châtelet-Les Halles district) of Paris. Lined with restaurants, cafés, bakeries
29795	Un chambre en mezzanine Une sale de bain avec douche Une cuisine Une grande table avec rallonge pour diner Cheminée Un salon avec canapé et bibliothèque Un dressing	Situé dans un quartier piéton de la rue Montorgueil, un appartement plein de charme avec poutres et pierres apparentes.Entre le Louvre, Palais Royal et La seine.  Idéal pour se balader, visiter et faire du shopping à proximité.Coup de coeur garanti! Un chambre en mezzanine Une sale de bain avec douche Une cuisine Une grande table avec rallonge pour diner Cheminée Un salon avec canapé et bibliothèque Un dressing You will feel at home in this stylish, comfortable and modern apartment.  It is located in the heart of the Montorgueil quarter, riding on the 1st and 2nd districts full of shops, restaurants and cafes. Most of its narrow streets are closed to car traffic, which sets the Quartier Montorgueil on a real village atmosphere. This region is rich in culinary tradition, thanks to the Forum des Halles (metro Les Halles), which was formerly a wholesale food market. Some of his most famous dining establishments include Au Rocher de Cancale (established in 1804) and La Maison Stohrer, whic
29796	Our Montorgueil apartment is ideal to discover or rediscover Paris. The apartment consists of a living room with all amenities , satellite TV, sofa that turns into a bed for 2 people. The open kitchen is fully equipped, hob, oven, microwave , coffee maker and all necessary appliances . The apartment has 2 bedrooms, one double, has its own bathroom. The second has two single beds. An apartment that will delight you for its simplicity in one of the most trendy area of Paris. 	A very cosy apartment in the heart of Paris. Our Montorgueil apartment is ideal to discover or rediscover Paris. The apartment consists of a living room with all amenities , satellite TV, sofa that turns into a bed for 2 people. The open kitchen is fully equipped, hob, oven, microwave , coffee maker and all necessary appliances . The apartment has 2 bedrooms, one double, has its own bathroom. The second has two single beds. An apartment that will delight you for its simplicity in one of the most trendy area of Paris. The Montorgueil district is undoubtedly the most Parisian of the city . Situated close to the Forum des Halles, you'll be in the heart of the City of Lights in a genuine and friendly neighborhood. The neighborhood has many pedestrian and cobbled streets where a wide selection of terraces are waiting for you for a drink with your friends or dinner with you family. You will also find many trendy designers shops or traditional markets, offering fresh products and will be quit
29797		In a  typical Haussman style 110m2 shared flat , nice quiet room with double bed . 5-10 minutes WALKING distance from Opera , Le Louvre , Jardin des tuileries , Grands boulevards , Galeries Lafayette Perfect location for a lovely week end. You'll have access to the common area: kitchen, living room, bathroom with all the equipment! It depend of the day and obligation, but there will always have somebody to welcome you, give you tips and maybe share a meal! The flat is in middle of Paris between the Garnier Opera, The Louvre and Notre Dame de Paris. A lovely place to visit Paris by foot. Metro access 30s walk. Difficulty to find car free car park, but paying one around.
29798	My apartment is very comfortable with 2 terraces, 2 bedroom with two double beds and charming living. Big kitchen with all furnitures and a bathroom.  	In the heart of Paris, in the fashion district the flat has two bedrooms and a lovely and calm green patio. The neighborghood is what Paris has of best to offer for its uniqueness and
29799	"Well decorated. Good French&English&Chinese speaking. Much traveling information provide. And we have a lovely dog names ""Nergal"". He is quiet, friendly and clean. You can use every equipment in our apartment: Washing machine  Refrigerator The equipped kitchen  Television  Hifi player Telephone Etc... And we can provide the map and all the information to make you a wonderful journey. Anytime as you want. If you need help, we can give you all the information about traveling.  The 2nd district of Paris. There are many transits here. Metros, buses...And there is the center commercial place so you can catch a taxi easily. 2 minutes walk from the apartment to the metro station ""Étienne Marcel"". Here you can take line4( 3 stops to the station ""cité"", etc). 8 minutes walk from the apartment to the biggest metro station in paris ""Chatelet"". Here you can take line(phone number hidden) and RER A,B,D.  By line1: 2 stops to the station ""Musée du Louvre"", 5 stops to the station "" Champs Élysée"".  B"	"We are 2 girls living in this beautiful apartment in central paris.We provide a private loft to everyone who wants to try real parisienne life. Our apartment is locating in the middle of 1st and 2nd district which just beside the street ""montorguil"". You can use every equipments in our apartment: Washing machine  Refrigerator The equipped kitchen  Television  Hifi player Telephone Etc... And we can provide the map and all the information to make you a wonderful journey. Anytime as you want. If you need help, we can give you all the information about traveling. The most vibrant district of Paris. The stomach of paris ---rue Montorgueil. 1 minutes walk from the apartment to the metro station ""Étienne Marcel"". Here you can take line 4( 3 stops to the station ""cité"", etc). 2 minutes walk from the apartment to the metro station ""Sentier""(line 3).  8 minutes walk from the apartment to the biggest metro station in paris ""Chatelet"". Here you can take line(phone number hidden) and RER A,B,D.  B"
29800	Hello and welcome to this ideally located apartment who has everything you could want : its luminous and quiet, but on one of the most desirable pedestrian streets in central Paris, with everything you want just steps away ! There is no better location to start your exploration of Paris' wonders... When you step outside, you are in the middle of parisian life, with all the bars, restaurants, shops, in a beautiful and safe pedestrian street.	With its 2 rooms and kitchen fully equipped, very quiet and luminous, this apartement -on the very top of Paris in one of the most beautiful district- is very practical and comfortable to visit the city: you will be close to all the places to be visi Hello and welcome to this ideally located apartment who has everything you could want : its luminous and quiet, but on one of the most desirable pedestrian streets in central Paris, with everything you want just steps away ! There is no better location to start your exploration of Paris' wonders... When you step outside, you are in the middle of parisian life, with all the bars, restaurants, shops, in a beautiful and safe pedestrian street. My apartment is about 45m2, divided between :  - one room with dobble bed (the lavender room) - one living convertible on an other room with dobble bed (the Red1Black room) - one big kitchen fully equipped : large fridge, micro-wave, ustensils, coffe-machine, teatop, washing-machine... - one small bathr
29801	This charming 2 room apartment is located in the very privileged Montorgueil. It is located in the central artery most commercial and most enjoyable (upper and pedestrian Montorgueil street:  (rue des Petits Carreaux). The apartment has the advantage of being in the heart of the city and its attractions but overlooks a beautiful courtyard and is quite calm. Located on the 5th floor, it is also very light and you can even see the top of the Eiffel Tower from the living room window. The apartment has a small kitchen open to the living room, a small bathroom and a bedroom. There are all the necessary equipment: washing machine, microwave, kettle, electric stove, flat screen TV with cable channels, wireless broadband internet, DVD player (great choice of movies dvds), numerous books, excellent sound system and turntables vinyl records available. The area is the heart of the city and it is easy to move quickly in Paris: metro lines 3, 4, 9, 1, bus, taxis and Vélibs. You are also 5 mins from	This charming 2 room apartment is located in the very privileged Montorgueil. It is located in the central artery most commercial and most enjoyable (upper and pedestrian Montorgueil street:  (rue des Petits Carreaux). The apartment has the advantage of being in the heart of the city and its attractions but overlooks a beautiful courtyard and is quite calm. Located on the 5th floor, it is also very light and you can even see the top of the Eiffel Tower from the living room window. The apartment has a small kitchen open to the living room, a small bathroom and a bedroom. There are all the necessary equipment: washing machine, microwave, kettle, electric stove, flat screen TV with cable channels, wireless broadband internet, DVD player (great choice of movies dvds), numerous books, excellent sound system and turntables vinyl records available. The area is the heart of the city and it is easy to move quickly in Paris: metro lines 3, 4, 9, 1, bus, taxis and Vélibs. You are also 5 mins from
29802	Hey! I am offering  a 12m2 room in my 35 m2 flat in the center of Paris. It is a charming 2-room apartment very well located in the quartier Montorgeuil, in the 2nd district of Paris (3 minutes walking to Chatelet les Halles and 10 minutes to the Louvre). 35m2, luminous, fully furnished, will a separate equipped kitchen, washing machine, TV & Optic Fiber Internet (landlines to Europe and the US are free), not renovated, 4th floor without an elevator. Only problem is that you have to pass from the one room to go to the other one, however the room you'll get is the most isolated one. The area is great, lots of bars, restaurants and clubs, and there are several metro stations less than 5 minutes’ walk (Etienne Marcel, Chatelet-Les Halles, Réaumur Sébastopol, Sentier, Strasbourg Saint Denis, Bonne Nouvelle). My only condition (and I give big importance to this) is that guests must respect the flat, keep it clean Hope to hear from you soon, Panos            	Hey! I am offering a 12m2 room in my charming Parisian 35m2 flat right in the center of Paris in the quartier Montorgueil, one of the most old and historic neighborhoods of the city, 10' walk to the Louvre. Hey! I am offering  a 12m2 room in my 35 m2 flat in the center of Paris. It is a charming 2-room apartment very well located in the quartier Montorgeuil, in the 2nd district of Paris (3 minutes walking to Chatelet les Halles and 10 minutes to the Louvre). 35m2, luminous, fully furnished, will a separate equipped kitchen, washing machine, TV & Optic Fiber Internet (landlines to Europe and the US are free), not renovated, 4th floor without an elevator. Only problem is that you have to pass from the one room to go to the other one, however the room you'll get is the most isolated one. The area is great, lots of bars, restaurants and clubs, and there are several metro stations less than 5 minutes’ walk (Etienne Marcel, Chatelet-Les Halles, Réaumur Sébastopol, Sentier, Strasbourg Saint D
29803		Grand studio, donnant sur une cour intérieure fermée et privée, avec cuisine équipée, salle de bain indépendante avec toilette. Mezzanine comprenant une chambre. Grande pièce à vire avec canapé convertible. Situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le quartier du sentier, très bien desservie par le réseau ferré et facilement accessible depuis les aéroports.
29804	The Appartement Rue du Caire is a charming, 28m2 studio flat situated at the heart of the Sentier neighbourhood in Paris, near to the metro station by the same name and very close to Rue Montorgueil. This delightful neighbourhood and chic apartment give you the ideal opportunity to experience all the French capital has to offer. With a metro station located so nearby it is very easy to visit the city’s main sights by public transport. The apartment has been fully renovated and tastefully decorated to create an elegant and comfortable atmosphere. It is a seventh floor apartment in a building with a lift. This studio sleeps 2 people in a comfortable king size sofa bed. The apartment is equipped with air conditioning and heating, a TV, CD and DVD player, towels and sheets (extra charge per stay), a bathroom with a hairdryer and a fully equipped kitchen (washing machine and tumble dryer, microwave, fridge, toaster, etc).  A very cosy apartment in picturesque Sentier, Paris; ideal for a rom	The Appartement Rue du Caire is a charming, 28m2 studio flat situated at the heart of the Sentier neighbourhood in Paris, near to the metro station by the same name and very close to Rue Montorgueil. This delightful neighbourhood and chic apartment give you the ideal opportunity to experience all the French capital has to offer. With a metro station located so nearby it is very easy to visit the city’s main sights by public transport. The apartment has been fully renovated and tastefully decorated to create an elegant and comfortable atmosphere. It is a seventh floor apartment in a building with a lift. This studio sleeps 2 people in a comfortable king size sofa bed. The apartment is equipped with air conditioning and heating, a TV, CD and DVD player, towels and sheets (extra charge per stay), a bathroom with a hairdryer and a fully equipped kitchen (washing machine and tumble dryer, microwave, fridge, toaster, etc).  A very cosy apartment in picturesque Sentier, Paris; ideal for a rom
29805	Welcome at Home !  You Own Double Bedroom has a Perfect View on a raised place with trees.  In the Center of Paris. Numerous arrangements to allow you to put your staff and to make you comfortable. Very comod bed.   Design furniture. Within 5-15 minutes walk to:  - Le Louvre et Jardin des Tuileries  - La Seine (river) - Palais Royal - Cathédrale Notre Dame - Place Vendôme and Jellewery - Montmartre (10 minutes direct by bus) - Jardin du Luxembourg (10 minutes by bus - direct)  - Musée Beaubourg - Saint Germain des Pré - Odéon - Rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré (Luxury shops) - Grands Magasins The flat is totally equipped: fully-equipped kitchen, washes dishes, washing machine, tumble-dryer, BIG SCREEN TV, and internet access.  Both rooms are in the opposite one of the other one to allow to preserve the intimacy of each one. The neighborhood is full of life all the seasons !  There is always a lot of people drinking coffee in the terraces of restaurants (during winter it's warmed).  Montorg	Your Own Cosy Room in our fully equiped appart- HEART OF PARIS. Most SIGHTS reachable on foot - 10 mins - Louvre, La Seine, Jardin Tuileries, Palais Royal, Opera, Beaubourg. Cathedrale Notre Dame, Saint Germain, Montmartre in 15 mins             Welcome at Home !  You Own Double Bedroom has a Perfect View on a raised place with trees.  In the Center of Paris. Numerous arrangements to allow you to put your staff and to make you comfortable. Very comod bed.   Design furniture. Within 5-15 minutes walk to:  - Le Louvre et Jardin des Tuileries  - La Seine (river) - Palais Royal - Cathédrale Notre Dame - Place Vendôme and Jellewery - Montmartre (10 minutes direct by bus) - Jardin du Luxembourg (10 minutes by bus - direct)  - Musée Beaubourg - Saint Germain des Pré - Odéon - Rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré (Luxury shops) - Grands Magasins The flat is totally equipped: fully-equipped kitchen, washes dishes, washing machine, tumble-dryer, BIG SCREEN TV, and internet access.  Both rooms are in the
29806	It's a flat for artists musiciens  with a wonderfool piano silent Schimmel. It's a loft with a mazzanne one bed in a main room for 2 persons two materas on the mezzanine also a materas for fifth person. a lot of light and silent,very bohemien.wood floor from Florence of 18 century. It's the only flat at the last flor. The very typical market of'rue Montergueil'is very close also many of supermarkets are around  the street. The louvre Museum ,the Centre Pompideau Notres Dames are 5 ,10 min. walk.The Bateu Bus on the river very romantic and you can go with only a mero tiquet. The theatre Chatelet, Opera and Comedie Francaise are very close too. There are also several 'Boits the Jazz':Sun Set Duc the Lombard....New Morning...... There are a lot of cafes and restaurants and stores .....everything you need. The Velib are the baycicles you can rent with VISA The flat is in the central of Paris very close of metro and RER  From Chatelet-Les Halles, direct express line to Roissy-Charles de Gau	Sunny central flat.nice shimmel piano.open space with mezzanine for 2, 4 ,or five persons. Very charmy romantic and unique It's a flat for artists musiciens  with a wonderfool piano silent Schimmel. It's a loft with a mazzanne one bed in a main room for 2 persons two materas on the mezzanine also a materas for fifth person. a lot of light and silent,very bohemien.wood floor from Florence of 18 century. It's the only flat at the last flor. The very typical market of'rue Montergueil'is very close also many of supermarkets are around  the street. The louvre Museum ,the Centre Pompideau Notres Dames are 5 ,10 min. walk.The Bateu Bus on the river very romantic and you can go with only a mero tiquet. The theatre Chatelet, Opera and Comedie Francaise are very close too. There are also several 'Boits the Jazz':Sun Set Duc the Lombard....New Morning...... There are a lot of cafes and restaurants and stores .....everything you need. The Velib are the baycicles you can rent with VISA The flat is 
29807		Appartement de 22 m2 restauré et meublé, dispose d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain. Concernant le couchage, vous trouverez un lit deux places pour adultes et un canapé lit très confortable. Wifi et TV Câble disponible. Accès des voyageurs Idéalement placé. Au cœur de Paris, à quelques mètres du Musée du Louvre ,de la Place de l'Opéra, et du métro bourse.  Proximité du métro 1, 3, 7,9,14. Proximité métro 1,3,7,9,14
29808	Private room in a large (560 sq ftp /52m2) & bright apartment, 6th and last floor with lift, very quiet as all the rooms look onto a large and bright private courtyard. One room available (182 sq ftp/17m2) with parquet floor. Airy and luminous space with two windows and a brand new comfortable bed for two. Both rooms are at the complete opposite of the appartement which allow you some privacy.	Located in the historical & trendy area of Montorgueuil (pedestrian street plenty of restaurants, shops...) Stay in a very central location within 3 min by walking from Châtelet-les-Halles (more than 10 metro lines, bus… direct from both airports).  Private room in a large (560 sq ftp /52m2) & bright apartment, 6th and last floor with lift, very quiet as all the rooms look onto a large and bright private courtyard. One room available (182 sq ftp/17m2) with parquet floor. Airy and luminous space with two windows and a brand new comfortable bed for two. Both rooms are at the complete opposite of the appartement which allow you some privacy. The apartment also includes the full and free benefit of the following facilities to make you feel home :  Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances (oven but no microwave)  Bathroom with bath-tub  Drying / washing machine.  Bed linens, blanket, pillow and towels.  Broadband wireless Internet access & TV. We'll share the living room with open kitc
29809	This is a stone building of good standing. Located on an upper floor, the apartment has a view over the courtyard. It is on the 4th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. This practical flat has a nice light. It opens onto the living room decorated with a classic style. This living room has a 140 cm sofa bed, a dining table for 4 people, a TV and several drawers. The open kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a dishwasher for 4 place settings and a folding kitchen worktop. From the living room, a small hall with closet leads to the bathroom equipped with a bath tub and a washing machine.	This bright studio is fully-equipped and functional. Decorated in a traditional style, this studio will charm you with its convenience and its cozy and warm atmosphere. Located in the Montorgueil neighborhood, you will discover the wonders of Paris. This is a stone building of good standing. Located on an upper floor, the apartment has a view over the courtyard. It is on the 4th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. This practical flat has a nice light. It opens onto the living room decorated with a classic style. This living room has a 140 cm sofa bed, a dining table for 4 people, a TV and several drawers. The open kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a dishwasher for 4 place settings and a folding kitchen worktop. From the living room, a small hall with closet leads to the bathroom equipped with a bath tub and a washing machine. There had always been a lot of hustle and bustle and excitement in those streets which give the impression of something important is always happening…The
29810	The space is perfect for 2 couple or a family because of the separate bedroom. The flat is at the 3rd floor. We are only 4 to leave in the building so the space is calm sunny and has open outlook. We have separate Wc and a bathroom with Shower / bath	In palais royal - 2 steps from Le Louvres and Palais Royal.  It's very central calm flat in a sunny chic area.  450 ft2 / 42m2 with 2 big beds in separate room. (1BR) open outlook on the other rooms and separate Wc and bath /shower  3rd foor The space is perfect for 2 couple or a family because of the separate bedroom. The flat is at the 3rd floor. We are only 4 to leave in the building so the space is calm sunny and has open outlook. We have separate Wc and a bathroom with Shower / bath Wifi hight speed, Videoprojector, washing machine and dishwasher and also Toaster, coffee maker, tea kettle + towels and linen will be provide. It's a very calm area close from the heart of paris. Near the Montrogueil quarter. Full of restaurants nice boulangeries and various cheese and french delicious shops Subway lines : 3, 1, 7, 14 and 9  5 minutes from RER : Chatelet les Halles. Best subway station: Bourse and Palais Royal
29811	The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, a loft bed for 2 people, a dining area and / or office in the mezzanine, a seating area with sofa, coffee table,TV and a bathroom with shower and toilet. The Sofa can also unfold to sleep 2 people in the living room area.	Studio apartment with exposed beams and high ceiling that can accommodate between 2 and 4 people. Located in the heart of Paris, in a bustling pedestrian district known for its restaurants with terrace. The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, a loft bed for 2 people, a dining area and / or office in the mezzanine, a seating area with sofa, coffee table,TV and a bathroom with shower and toilet. The Sofa can also unfold to sleep 2 people in the living room area. A map and a guide of Paris in English will be available in the apartment.  Guests can use the washing machine located in the bathroom. I will be happy to give you advice on the main attractions of Paris. A lively pedestrian neighborhood with lots of restaurants with terraces and small shops (supermarkets, butchers, fruit and vegetable vendors, bakeries, boutiques ...)  Within a ten minute walk, you can visit the Pompidou museum, the Louvre and stroll by the Seine river with its charming bridges and street art and book vendors
29812	Our apartment is an area of 75 m2, it’s a duplex, on the 5th floor with elevator but the elevator is at the first floor.  It’s a flat of 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen and large bright living room. There are 2 rooms and 1 bathroom upstairs and one bedroom with a private bathroom and toilet downstairs  We are located a the intersection of several liveliest districts: Opera, Montorgueil, Saint-Germain-des-Près, Montmartre, Republique, Le Marais ... Galeries Lafayette and Printemps.  All these places are 10/15 minutes walk from us. Our place is surrounded by all kinds of shops. You will find great restaurants and bars within a 2 min walk.	Cosy flat in the center of Paris, in a quiet and really safe area. It's a 10 min walk to Opera, Louvre Museum, Montmartre, the Marais, Saint Germain. A Place very well connected by subway, bus, bar, good restaurants and markets. Parisian way of life Our apartment is an area of 75 m2, it’s a duplex, on the 5th floor with elevator but the elevator is at the first floor.  It’s a flat of 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen and large bright living room. There are 2 rooms and 1 bathroom upstairs and one bedroom with a private bathroom and toilet downstairs  We are located a the intersection of several liveliest districts: Opera, Montorgueil, Saint-Germain-des-Près, Montmartre, Republique, Le Marais ... Galeries Lafayette and Printemps.  All these places are 10/15 minutes walk from us. Our place is surrounded by all kinds of shops. You will find great restaurants and bars within a 2 min walk. Our accommodation is located 2 minutes from metro station «  Bourse » (line 3) and « Grands Boulevards »
29813	Le double salon offre de l'espace et de la luminosité. Avec une grande cuisine américaine toute équipée donnant sur le salon cela donne une ambiance chaleureuse et une interaction constante avec toutes les pièces. Préparer un repas en toute convivialité est un vrai plaisir. La salle de bain est spacieuse et permet de prendre des bains et des douches après une longue journée. Parfaitement adapté à une famille, deux couples ou des amis car spacieux avec nombreux rangements. 	In the heart of Paris and quartier Montorgueil, a double living room with private bed room and open kitchen awaits you and your family or friends. The appartement is fully furnished and equiped with all necessities. Sunny and calm you will enjoy it.
29814	This flat is specially adapted to families. A baby bed and a bottle warmer are available. It is confortable for 4 to 6 people (there is one double bed in the room and 2 double convertible beds in the living-room). This designer style loft of 645 sq ft/60m2  is located in the center of Paris, in the Sentier district, next to Sentier and Strasbourg Saint Denis metro stations. It is at five minutes by foot from Montorgueil with its charming bars,  restaurants, markets and supermarkets, and also from Grands Boulevard & Republique, at 15 minutes by foot from Chatelet and Marais, and at 20 minutes by foot from Louvre and Notre Dame. If you prefer cycling, there is a self service  bike rental station (Velib') just in front of the building. This loft is located on the 3rd floor of a debut of the siecle industrial type building, with a view on a calm and planted yard. The building is clean and secure. The main room of 45 m² with steel beams is the ideal place to gather with family or friends.  	Loft with lots of character near Montorgueil neighborhood. Adapted to families, babies, couples, professionals and photographers. The neighborhood is really calm. NO LATE NOISE OR PARTIES ARE TOLERATED OR A PENALTY WILL BE TAKEN FROM THE DEPOSIT. This flat is specially adapted to families. A baby bed and a bottle warmer are available. It is confortable for 4 to 6 people (there is one double bed in the room and 2 double convertible beds in the living-room). This designer style loft of 645 sq ft/60m2  is located in the center of Paris, in the Sentier district, next to Sentier and Strasbourg Saint Denis metro stations. It is at five minutes by foot from Montorgueil with its charming bars,  restaurants, markets and supermarkets, and also from Grands Boulevard & Republique, at 15 minutes by foot from Chatelet and Marais, and at 20 minutes by foot from Louvre and Notre Dame. If you prefer cycling, there is a self service  bike rental station (Velib') just in front of the building. This loft 
29815	"Fifth and last floor with a lift, this flat has stunning views over the roofs, is very quiet and gets tons of light from windows on all sides. The century old building, featuring metallic frames from the Eiffel Tower scraps, is located in the ""Sentier"" area, in a quiet street just off bustling Montorgueil neighborhood. The flat offers     3 independent sleeping areas     2 bedrooms, each with twin beds that can be separated or gathered     and a super comfy double sofa bed in the living room.     All mattresses, bed bases, duvets and pillows have been recently renewed to suit everyone in terms of firmness, shape and warmness. English books are available for your stay, or to swap with your own used ones."	"Fifth and last floor with a lift, this flat has stunning views over the roofs, it's very quiet and gets tons of light from windows on all sides. The century old building, featuring metallic frames from the Eiffel Tower scraps, is located in the ""Sentier"" area, in a quiet street just off bustling Montorgueil neighborhood. The flat offers     3 independent sleeping areas     2 bedrooms, each with twin beds that can be separated or gathered     and a super comfy double sofa bed in the living room. Fifth and last floor with a lift, this flat has stunning views over the roofs, is very quiet and gets tons of light from windows on all sides. The century old building, featuring metallic frames from the Eiffel Tower scraps, is located in the ""Sentier"" area, in a quiet street just off bustling Montorgueil neighborhood. The flat offers     3 independent sleeping areas     2 bedrooms, each with twin beds that can be separated or gathered     and a super comfy double sofa bed in the living room.   "
29816	English The appartement is located in the heart of Paris (Montorgueil) in a quiet street. The flat is on the 4th floor and benefit from the sun all day long. It is an ideal place if you want to visit Paris and have a nice rest after a busy day. You can easily have dinner around or stay at home if you prefer. The flat has been renovated recently with high quality materials. You will enjoy the modern design combines with the Parisian style, the confort of the furniture as well as the modern equipement. The flat can comfortably sleep 4 people with 2 separated  double bedrooms. The living room is spacious with its 2 sofas and the book case. It is a lovely place to spend time after à busy day ! You can read books or watch TV/DVD or surf on the internet thanks to a high speed connection.  The kitchen is very well equipped if you like cooking : wok induction, Tepan Yaki, hooven, micro wave, expresso coffee machine. You will appreciate your breakfast with the sun coming in the morning in the k	Beautiful flat (110m2) in the heart of Paris, nice view on Parisian buildings. Bright and confortable living room, well equipped kitchen, 2 cosy bedrooms with double bed. Perfect place to visit Paris and have a nice rest. Ideal place for à Family. Wifi/high speed connexion/TV.
29817		夏尔妮家旅店是位于巴黎市中心二区的华人家庭旅店（只接受中文咨询）。步行10分钟到蓬皮杜，15分钟到塞纳河，20分钟到卢浮宫，20分钟到老佛爷，歌剧院，春天百货。  本店是一个三房一厅的套房，厕所，卫浴，厨房有微波炉，烧开水壶，冰箱，碗筷。洗衣带烘干6欧一桶，不用为洗衣而烦恼。  床上用品一客一换，24小时热水供应，每天有专人全面清洁。免费提供吹风机，沐浴露洗发水，餐巾纸，转换插座，免费的高速光纤WIFI网络。
29818	Les couleurs de ce studio sont chaleureuses et se mêlent très bien au bois (sol, poutres; portes, tables, chaises, bureau, étagère: nous avons construit la plupart des aménagements). Les atouts majeurs sont la lumière, le calme, la vue et la situation du studio. 	Le studio est situé dans le fameux quartier piéton de Montorgueil.  Immeuble ancien, charmante cour fleurie, calme assuré!  Le propriétaire a su aménager l'espace avec talent.  Parfait pour une nuit ou une année! 15m2 bain et cuisine équipée. Les couleurs de ce studio sont chaleureuses et se mêlent très bien au bois (sol, poutres; portes, tables, chaises, bureau, étagère: nous avons construit la plupart des aménagements). Les atouts majeurs sont la lumière, le calme, la vue et la situation du studio. Tout le studio avec son coin cuisine et sa salle de bains. J'essayerais de vous accueillir et de vous renseigner autant que possible. Je vous propose une carte de vins sélectionnés et de bières trappistes. Des gâteaux apéritifs seront offerts en accompagnement. De même, je peux vous préparer le petit-déjeuner (café ou thé, croissant, pain, beurre, confiture, miel, jus d'orange ou jus de pomme)  10 euros par personnes. Service entre 8h30 et 11h30. Me prévenir la veille au (phone number hidd
29819	"Hello, I'm Virginie, the owner of the apartment ""in the heart of Paris"". We live in the same building than the apartment we rent. Our building is small and cosy. We all have small children. We all sleep on the courtyard and look for quietness. You are quiet, nice and you respect others. We'll be delighted to welcome you. Do not hesitate to ask questions about the area because I have been living in the Montorgueil quarter for 20 years. The apartment is located near the main sightseeings : the Seine, le Louvre, Notre Dame cathedral, Beaubourg and the the big sopping Mall les Galeries Lafayette. It is definitively central. The Montorgueil quarter is one of the oldest and the most historical quarter of Paris. It is well known for its fashioned restaurants, bars, grocery shops and its designers located place des Victoires. In the 1850 building, the apartment is newly refurbished. you will find :  - a living room with a sofa/bed for 2 - a bed room with a bed for 2  - a brand new equiped kitc"	"Hello, I'm Virginie, the owner of the apartment ""in the heart of Paris"". We live in the same building than the apartment we rent. Our building is small and cosy. We all have small children. We all sleep on the courtyard and look for quietness. You are quiet, nice and you respect others. We'll be delighted to welcome you. Do not hesitate to ask questions about the area because I have been living in the Montorgueil quarter for 20 years. The apartment is located near the main sightseeings : the Seine, le Louvre, Notre Dame cathedral, Beaubourg and the the big sopping Mall les Galeries Lafayette. It is definitively central. The Montorgueil quarter is one of the oldest and the most historical quarter of Paris. It is well known for its fashioned restaurants, bars, grocery shops and its designers located place des Victoires. In the 1850 building, the apartment is newly refurbished. you will find :  - a living room with a sofa/bed for 2 - a bed room with a bed for 2  - a brand new equiped kitc"
29820	This is a small space, but it's very well located. Great for sleeping and having breakfast before a busy day out in Paris.	Attractive, totally renovated small triplex, very well situated in the heart of Paris - in the Sentier/Montorgeuil walking area.  This little jewel is laid out on 3 floors of 4sqm + 6sqm + 2sqm. Suitable for young guests as it's very small! This is a small space, but it's very well located. Great for sleeping and having breakfast before a busy day out in Paris.
29821	"The features of the apartment are: Volume ... The 2 large windows overlooking the street, the high ceilings (3.40 m), the white walls, the parquet floor and its 60 m2 give an impression of volume, almost  like a ""loft"", to  this apartment that can comfortably accommodate 4 people   The charm of the old renovated ... The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a small residence dating from the 18th century. The staircase is beautiful with its details in oak. Nevertheless, all today 's 'luxuries' that make life comfortable are there: bathroom with a bathtub, separate toilet,  fully-equipped kitchen  with dishwasher, washing machine, large fridge / freezer, oven, coffee machines (Filter and ""Nespresso""), kettle, toaster, four induction hob. You also have a DVD player, MP3 / iPod music player and - of course - a powerful wireless internet connection throughout the apartment. In addition, a TV in the bedroom and a cable TV in the lounge. Finally, a hair dryer, an electric towel-dryer in th"	"Very central location, in the middle of the fashionable Montorgueil area. This large one bedroom apartment is hosted in a small 18th century building. It was tastefully renovated and has a ""Parisian"" feel with its high ceilings and wooden floors The features of the apartment are: Volume ... The 2 large windows overlooking the street, the high ceilings (3.40 m), the white walls, the parquet floor and its 60 m2 give an impression of volume, almost  like a ""loft"", to  this apartment that can comfortably accommodate 4 people   The charm of the old renovated ... The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a small residence dating from the 18th century. The staircase is beautiful with its details in oak. Nevertheless, all today 's 'luxuries' that make life comfortable are there: bathroom with a bathtub, separate toilet,  fully-equipped kitchen  with dishwasher, washing machine, large fridge / freezer, oven, coffee machines (Filter and ""Nespresso""), kettle, toaster, four induction hob. You a"
29822	Facing a nice and quiet courtyard, this superb apartment is walking distance to all major attractions: 2 minutes from Opéra Garnier, 5 minutes to the Louvre museum. The trendy and lively village Montorgueil, which offers cafes, restaurants and food shopping is 5 minutes as well. In addition to its exceptional location, you will appreciate this comfortable apartment, best equipped and newly renovated. ROOMS: - Charming and cosy separate bedroom with a king size bed from the highest quality. - A second small separate charming bedroom with a bed for one person. - A large living room with elegant and refined decoration, confortable and a meridian to relax. - A dining area with a table for 4 persons beside the kitchen. BATHROOM: Very comfortable bathroom with a bathtub decorated with chocolate tuiles. Separate toilett Bathroom heater/towel warmer for your comfort Numerous soft towels Professional hair dryer KITCHEN: Fully furnished with oven, toaster, espresso machine, refrigerator, washer-	Facing a nice and quiet courtyard, this superb apartment is walking distance to all major attractions: 2 minutes from Opéra Garnier, 5 minutes to the Louvre museum. The trendy and lively village Montorgueil, which offers cafes, restaurants and food shopping is 5 minutes as well. In addition to its exceptional location, you will appreciate this comfortable apartment, best equipped and newly renovated. ROOMS: - Charming and cosy separate bedroom with a king size bed from the highest quality. - A second small separate charming bedroom with a bed for one person. - A large living room with elegant and refined decoration, confortable and a meridian to relax. - A dining area with a table for 4 persons beside the kitchen. BATHROOM: Very comfortable bathroom with a bathtub decorated with chocolate tuiles. Separate toilett Bathroom heater/towel warmer for your comfort Numerous soft towels Professional hair dryer KITCHEN: Fully furnished with oven, toaster, espresso machine, refrigerator, washer-
29823	grand appartement au centre de paris , à une minute de la rue montorgueil et 5 min du louvre et de beaubourg  .   La station de metro Etienne marcel est en bas de l'appartement .  et la station des halles qui relie toutes lrs lignes à 2 minutes à pied .  La rue montorgueil et la rue Etienne marcel  sont connues pour tout leur commerces .	grand appartement au centre de paris , à une minute de la rue montorgueil et 5 min du louvre et de beaubourg  .   La station de metro Etienne marcel est en bas de l'appartement .  et la station des halles qui relie toutes lrs lignes à 2 minutes à pied .  La rue montorgueil et la rue Etienne marcel  sont connues pour tout leur commerces .
29824	"Lovely studio at the Center of Paris in ""Le Marais""  A renovated Parisian studio of 12 m2 ideal for two.   The Studio is furnished with the usual devices : - One bed - free wifi  - wardrobe  -oven - fridge - hob - kettle` - shower cabin - toilets Before the arrival of new guests, the apartment is cleaned. Sheets and towels are changed. The studio is at the 4TH floor in a building without elevator. It's an ideal studio for your stay, you will enjoy the parisian life in an exceptional area. If you have questions dont hesitate to contact me i am very available. Don't hesitate to see my other apartments ! "	"Lovely studio in the heart of Paris ""Le Marais"" Lovely studio at the Center of Paris in ""Le Marais""  A renovated Parisian studio of 12 m2 ideal for two.   The Studio is furnished with the usual devices : - One bed - free wifi  - wardrobe  -oven - fridge - hob - kettle` - shower cabin - toilets Before the arrival of new guests, the apartment is cleaned. Sheets and towels are changed. The studio is at the 4TH floor in a building without elevator. It's an ideal studio for your stay, you will enjoy the parisian life in an exceptional area. If you have questions dont hesitate to contact me i am very available. Don't hesitate to see my other apartments ! Very is easy to come from Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly, Beauvais, Gare du Nord. Very available you can contact me when you want by phone or mail during your stay. The area around the apartment is very attractive. You will have easy access to fine Parisian restaurants, french bakeries, cafes, drugstore, supermarkets, bars You also have fam"
29825	86 M2 CHARMING Montorgueil furnished apartment (2sd arrondissement)  Super central.  You can walk to most points of interest.  Bicycle rental (velib) in front of the apartment building	The bedroom is available for one person (single occupant)  We share the bathroom .  I will be present.  86 M2 CHARMING Montorgueil furnished apartment (2sd arrondissement) No smoking   86 M2 CHARMING Montorgueil furnished apartment (2sd arrondissement)  Super central.  You can walk to most points of interest.  Bicycle rental (velib) in front of the apartment building The guest will access to all the flat.
29826	and the 3rd floor bathroom. This accomodation is good quality price, well located, and crazy... maybe as you are.... ;-)	Totaly renovated small triplex very well located in the heart of Paris, in Sentier-  Montorgeuil area (famous walking area ) This functional flat is a triplex 4m² +6m² +2m² per floor,  (total 12m²) suitable for young guests because of the small
29827	This beautiful and cozy 55 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment is located on a pedestrian  street (rue de Montmartre) in the 1st arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century building with elevator and it sleeps 4 people.   A big sofa bed in the living room can easily sleep two people.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, unlimited high speed internet access,WiFi, TV.  Also provided : Double glazing windows, Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils.  The apartment is idealy situated near Beaubourg museum (5min), Saint Eustache Church (5min), forum des halles shopping center (3 min), Montorgueil, le marais, rue Tiquetonne, Le Louvre, Notre Dame (10 min)...you can walk to most of this great paris attractions from here, and the best bars, restaurants and clubs are nearby Within 5 min walking you will find : . dailymonop : open 8:30 until midnight everyday except sundays, g20 is open on sundays . UGC Cine cité les Halles inside Forum des Halles	Un très bel appartement familial idéal pour un séjour dans le centre de Paris. Deux chambres, une salle a manger. 3 ieme etage avec ascenseur. This beautiful and cozy 55 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment is located on a pedestrian  street (rue de Montmartre) in the 1st arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century building with elevator and it sleeps 4 people.   A big sofa bed in the living room can easily sleep two people.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, unlimited high speed internet access,WiFi, TV.  Also provided : Double glazing windows, Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils.  The apartment is idealy situated near Beaubourg museum (5min), Saint Eustache Church (5min), forum des halles shopping center (3 min), Montorgueil, le marais, rue Tiquetonne, Le Louvre, Notre Dame (10 min)...you can walk to most of this great paris attractions from here, and the best bars, restaurants and clubs are nearby Within 5 min walking you will fi
29828	This apartment have been recently renovated and refurnished, it is clean, cosy practical. You will feel home in a second it is a first-floor apartment and the place is very luminous (the photo do not quite reflect that - but It IS;)	Cosy & ideally located in a central & safe area - walking distance to Opéra Garnier, Le Louvre, Les Tuileries, Palais Royal and much more! Surrounded by fresh markets, bars & restaurants - a small village in Paris. 1dbl bed. This apartment have been recently renovated and refurnished, it is clean, cosy practical. You will feel home in a second it is a first-floor apartment and the place is very luminous (the photo do not quite reflect that - but It IS;) This is a two bedroom apartment perhaps we will only give you access to one bedroom (1 double bed) the other one will be locked away.  apart from this the apartment will be all yours for the time of your stay. We recommend the stay of two people only perhaps, we accept the stay of two extra people whom will be able to sleep on the sofa bed. As I know from traveling the world that you always need few tips and sometimes help through a big city please feel free to contact me - I will be happy to help;) Montorgueil is very Parisian and as m
29829	Très grande chambre avec salon et une très grande cuisine . Quartier très central , au coeur du Paris historique . Appartement très chaleureux, calme et très soigné .	Quartier montorgeuil au centre de Paris  Une suite de 38 m2 dans un appartement de 90 m2 ,accueillant,douillet et typique, poutres apparentes, calme,design,cuisine à disposition salle de bain. Très bonne disposition des pièces discrétion et intimité Très grande chambre avec salon et une très grande cuisine . Quartier très central , au coeur du Paris historique . Appartement très chaleureux, calme et très soigné . Les accès à la cuisine  sont autorisé de 8 h a 10 h et salle de bain sont partagés mais je vis seule dans l'appartement  et les accès à la suite et à la salle de bain sont très bien situés dans l'appartement ce qui permet une  vraie intimité dans le respect de chacun . Quartier animé et historique . Commerces et marchés parisiens . Restaurants , cafés et bars branchés . A 15 minutes à pied : du Louvre, desTuileries, de la place de la Concorde , du  Marais, des Halles, de l'Opéra, de L' Ile St Louis, du Quartier latin et de St Germain des prés . A 2 minutes à pied des lignes de
29830	Calm and charming 55 sqm big apartment, very typical with wooden floor and exposed beams, in the very center of Paris, in the heart of lively and romantic Montorgueil, Paris 75002 ! The flat is located on the fourth floor (with no elevator). The street itself is pedestrian, in a trendy area, full of Parisian coffee bars and restaurants. The flat is fully equipped: Wifi Internet, TV, washing machine, dishwasher. There is plenty of space to put your belongings. On one side of the apartment you will find a bedroom, next to that the large main living area with kitchen, sitting room and another sofa bed. There is also one folding bed. The bathroom is separate and holds a WC and a bathtub/shower.  The flat is very secure : you'll need to two codes to reach it. Three metro station can be reached easily within five minutes : Sentier, Etienne Marcel, les Halles...  The main places of the historic center of Paris can be visited by walking (Louvre, Tuileries Garden, Opéra Garnier, Comédie Françai	55 sqm  The appartment is ideal for two guests but the total capacity is 5 guests  There is 1 double bed in the bedroom and 1 sofa bed in the living room + 1 one single folding bed The flat is on the 4th floor  The flat is fully equipped Calm and charming 55 sqm big apartment, very typical with wooden floor and exposed beams, in the very center of Paris, in the heart of lively and romantic Montorgueil, Paris 75002 ! The flat is located on the fourth floor (with no elevator). The street itself is pedestrian, in a trendy area, full of Parisian coffee bars and restaurants. The flat is fully equipped: Wifi Internet, TV, washing machine, dishwasher. There is plenty of space to put your belongings. On one side of the apartment you will find a bedroom, next to that the large main living area with kitchen, sitting room and another sofa bed. There is also one folding bed. The bathroom is separate and holds a WC and a bathtub/shower.  The flat is very secure : you'll need to two codes to reach i
29831	Lovely 30m2 studio apartment located on the historical pedestrian street of Montorgueil. One of the most picturesque streets of Paris, Montorgueil is wellknown for its outdoor markets, restaurants, bars, and fashion and art boutiques.  Conveniently situated in the heart of Paris, famous sites including the Royal Palace, the Louvres Museum,  the Seine river and the wonderful Marais district are all within walking distance. From the nearby Chatelet metro station, it is very easy to reach all of the Parisian districts by metro as well as take the train to the airport. Located on the 3rd floor of a 18th century Parisian style building, this quiet, comfortable, and carefully equipped studio is perfect for a romantic vacation or a professional stay. Fully furnished with unlimited access to high speed wireless internet, cable tv, and free international phone calls included. Perfect spot for visiting the most beautiful sights of Paris and enjoying the Parisian life style. You will quickly feel	Lovely 30m2 studio apartment located on the historical pedestrian street of Montorgueil. One of the most picturesque streets of Paris, Montorgueil is wellknown for its outdoor markets, restaurants, bars, and fashion and art boutiques.  Conveniently situated in the heart of Paris, famous sites including the Royal Palace, the Louvres Museum,  the Seine river and the wonderful Marais district are all within walking distance. From the nearby Chatelet metro station, it is very easy to reach all of the Parisian districts by metro as well as take the train to the airport. Located on the 3rd floor of a 18th century Parisian style building, this quiet, comfortable, and carefully equipped studio is perfect for a romantic vacation or a professional stay. Fully furnished with unlimited access to high speed wireless internet, cable tv, and free international phone calls included. Perfect spot for visiting the most beautiful sights of Paris and enjoying the Parisian life style. You will quickly feel
29832	In a classified building, our apartment is located in a very charming road,  Rue Saint Sauveur (semi-pedestrian and cobbled street of small squares), in 2nd arrondissement and few steps from the Chatelet les Halles. On 2nd floor walk up of a charming and original building with digicode. Ideal for a couple, it can welcome up to 4 guests. A comfortable room and a sofa bed. The living-room, with a modern design, is cosy, bright and faces the Rue Saint Sauveur. It is furnished with a coffee table, a comfortable and design sofa-bed (sleeps 1), a french typical chest of drawers renovated, 2 armchairs. You will also have at your disposal a flat screen television, (Digital Terrestrial TV), a Hifi system and an Internet connection (ADSL and wifi).  You will enjoy our  kitchen, open on the living-room, is fully equipped with 2 inductions plates, a fridge, an oven micro-waves, a dishwasher, a kettle, a coffee maker, a toaster, and all the dishes and utensils necessary to cook at home, there is a 	Ideally located in the very heart of Paris, on the Rue St Sauveur / Rue Montorgueil. There are a thousand and one delights to be discovered nearby,including the Musée du Louvre, the Centre Georges-Pompidou, the Latin.  In a classified building, our apartment is located in a very charming road,  Rue Saint Sauveur (semi-pedestrian and cobbled street of small squares), in 2nd arrondissement and few steps from the Chatelet les Halles. On 2nd floor walk up of a charming and original building with digicode. Ideal for a couple, it can welcome up to 4 guests. A comfortable room and a sofa bed. The living-room, with a modern design, is cosy, bright and faces the Rue Saint Sauveur. It is furnished with a coffee table, a comfortable and design sofa-bed (sleeps 1), a french typical chest of drawers renovated, 2 armchairs. You will also have at your disposal a flat screen television, (Digital Terrestrial TV), a Hifi system and an Internet connection (ADSL and wifi).  You will enjoy our  kitchen, op
29833	The first asset is the location in Paris : right in the center. And the second is the feeling you have in it : it is large enough for a romantic journey for a couple, or a touristic trip for a family. It really is the apartment I live in. That's what makes it so charming. So I expect every visitor to use everything I leave in with caution and respect.	Beautiful 52 m2 apartment. In the very center of Paris, near  Beaubourg/Notre Dame/Grands boulevards (Galeries Lafayette and theaters). With 5 metro stations nearby. One large bedroom and a mattress for two people. Quiet, very sunny and cosy place.
29834	The apartment is located in a typical Paris building with wooden structures from the 17th century! Its area is 56 square meters (600 square feet) Apartment organization: -Large LIVING ROOM (30m²) with premium quality sofa-bed (140cm wide with 14cm thick Simmons mattress, easy-open & close technology) -Separate BEDROOM (11m²) with double bed (160cm) -Separate ENTRANCE (7m²) that can be used as an extra bedroom -Fully equipped KITCHEN, with everything you need -Brand new BATHROOM Extra wide and thick double AirBed can be provided (156cm wide / 50cm high) The flat is equipped with:  - High speed optic fibre internet - Wifi  - Flat-screen TV with 200 channels  - Dock speaker for Ipad/Iphone/Ipod (also useable with any other device with Bluetooth function)  - Telephone: Unlimited phone calls to over 100 countries  - Sim card for your phone (pay as you go) with cheap rates and data  - City Maps, guides, food books - International power adapter - Guest Booklet with precious info about the apa	56 SQUARE METERS SUPER CENTRAL CHARMING & SPACIOUS FULLY EQUIPPED 3 SEPARATE SLEEPING AREAS The apartment is located in a typical Paris building with wooden structures from the 17th century! Its area is 56 square meters (600 square feet) Apartment organization: -Large LIVING ROOM (30m²) with premium quality sofa-bed (140cm wide with 14cm thick Simmons mattress, easy-open & close technology) -Separate BEDROOM (11m²) with double bed (160cm) -Separate ENTRANCE (7m²) that can be used as an extra bedroom -Fully equipped KITCHEN, with everything you need -Brand new BATHROOM Extra wide and thick double AirBed can be provided (156cm wide / 50cm high) The flat is equipped with:  - High speed optic fibre internet - Wifi  - Flat-screen TV with 200 channels  - Dock speaker for Ipad/Iphone/Ipod (also useable with any other device with Bluetooth function)  - Telephone: Unlimited phone calls to over 100 countries  - Sim card for your phone (pay as you go) with cheap rates and data  - City Maps, guide
29835	In a modern surroundings, you can stay in a beautiful two bedrooms appartmeent (One adult bedroom and one nursery) on the 2nd floor, in the heart of Montorgueil. It's a trendy district in Paris, close to the Sentier and Marais areas with Beaubourg and Louvre Museum or seine River. Many local shops are open including Sundays and evenings up to 22 hours. In addition, the Montorgueil st and streets around (less than 150m from the apartment)  is full of small restaurants and wine bars  in a typical pedestrian streets. The capacity is 4 people plus a baby. It has a large room of 15m² equipped with new bedding 1.60mx 2m. A dressing room is also available for more than one week  stay. A sofa bed is available in the linving-room for two additional adults. Finally, the second bedroom is a nursery of 11 m², equipped with a cot and a baby changing table.  Cotton and products for the baby are provided (Liniment, mustella for bath, physiological saline, etc ...). A baby sleeping bag is also provide	Charming Parisian apartment of 84 sqm located in the 2nd district, very central in Paris, close to the most beautiful sites such as the Louvre , rue St Honoré, Montorgueil , Beaubourg , Seine , Marais, St Germain ... In a modern surroundings, you can stay in a beautiful two bedrooms appartmeent (One adult bedroom and one nursery) on the 2nd floor, in the heart of Montorgueil. It's a trendy district in Paris, close to the Sentier and Marais areas with Beaubourg and Louvre Museum or seine River. Many local shops are open including Sundays and evenings up to 22 hours. In addition, the Montorgueil st and streets around (less than 150m from the apartment)  is full of small restaurants and wine bars  in a typical pedestrian streets. The capacity is 4 people plus a baby. It has a large room of 15m² equipped with new bedding 1.60mx 2m. A dressing room is also available for more than one week  stay. A sofa bed is available in the linving-room for two additional adults. Finally, the second bedro
29836	"The flat is located near the Montorgueil street in the 2nd district. This is right in the heart of Paris. An ideal location for tourism, shopping and going out. You will find that the flat is very quiet.  Around the corner, the Montorgueil street is very busy. It has an open market so typical of Paris. You will find everything you need there: bakeries, butcheries, fisheries, cheese shops, supermarket, etc. and if you feel like having a lunch, diner or just have a drink, you will surely find a restaurant or coffee shop of your choice in the Montorgueil street. The closest subway station is ""Sentier"", Line 3, 250m, 2mns on foot. You may also like to go for a walk: Le Louvre, Notre Dame and the banks of the river Seine are at walking distance (15mns only). Opera Garnier or Chaussée d'Antin (the largest shopping area in Paris) are less than 20mns on foot. The flat has six sleeps in all: 1 queen size bed in the separate bedroom, one queen size bed in the mezzanine and a convertible sofa, 2 "	"- Located in the very center of Paris - Major tourist spots at walking distance - Cleanliness: this is our obcession.  The flat was entirely renovated in December 2013 The flat is located near the Montorgueil street in the 2nd district. This is right in the heart of Paris. An ideal location for tourism, shopping and going out. You will find that the flat is very quiet.  Around the corner, the Montorgueil street is very busy. It has an open market so typical of Paris. You will find everything you need there: bakeries, butcheries, fisheries, cheese shops, supermarket, etc. and if you feel like having a lunch, diner or just have a drink, you will surely find a restaurant or coffee shop of your choice in the Montorgueil street. The closest subway station is ""Sentier"", Line 3, 250m, 2mns on foot. You may also like to go for a walk: Le Louvre, Notre Dame and the banks of the river Seine are at walking distance (15mns only). Opera Garnier or Chaussée d'Antin (the largest shopping area in Pari"
29837	My apartment is decorated with care. You could find inside some modern paintings made by myself and a lot of books. Its equipped with TV and internet 	Lovely apartment 2 rooms on the 3rd floor with elevator comprising: -
29838	super central! très très silencieux	"Au centre de tout,à 3 min. du métro Réaumur-Sébastopol  (3 et 4) L'appartement,traversant ,est très lumineux Silence  Arrivée: check in  jusqu'à 19H L'immeuble demande des visiteurs très ""peaceful"" :o) Montorgueil à 4 minutes super central! très très silencieux Comme ils le désirent Vraiment tout! j'y habite aussi Bus-métro RER direct depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle et ORLY-à 300 mètres de la maison"
29839	"Charming bedroom on the 5th floor of a typical Parisian building ,in a duplex appartment,with elevator in the heart of Paris. You will have a TV and internet access ( please bring your own laptop if you really need internet  in your room ). The room has a single bed, a night table and a very nice luminous lampe. There are 2 bathrooms with  1 WC. Both bathrooms are shared and you can use the kitchen if you wish to use it. In the kitchen you can use the stove, cutlery, chinaware, dishwasher, washer machine, dryer,  a fridge and a freezer. Bed sheets and towels are included. Supermarkets, bakeries and bistrots are just in few steps.  There is an open air market every wednesday and saturday in St honoré street which can be reached in 5 min walk. The apartment is located steps away from the magnificent Opera Garnier and the streets of the Opera district host banks, restaurants, cafés, bars, disco clubs  and Paris' most famous ""Grands Magasins"": Galeries Lafayette and Le Printemps and Montpa"	Nice and sunny bedroom in a duplex appartemnent in center of Paris, very close to Opera Garnier, Palais Royal and Tuilerie Garden. Charming bedroom on the 5th floor of a typical Parisian building ,in a duplex appartment,with elevator in the heart of Paris. You will have a TV and internet access ( please bring your own laptop if you really need internet  in your room ). The room has a single bed, a night table and a very nice luminous lampe. There are 2 bathrooms with  1 WC. Both bathrooms are shared and you can use the kitchen if you wish to use it. In the kitchen you can use the stove, cutlery, chinaware, dishwasher, washer machine, dryer,  a fridge and a freezer. Bed sheets and towels are included. Supermarkets, bakeries and bistrots are just in few steps.  There is an open air market every wednesday and saturday in St honoré street which can be reached in 5 min walk. The apartment is located steps away from the magnificent Opera Garnier and the streets of the Opera district host ban
29840		1 chambre, 1 grand séjour avec poutres apparentes, parquet, ouvert sur belle cuisine aménagée, grande salle de bain douche a l'italienne, attention quartier très animé en fin de semaine, au dessus d'un bar-restaurant ! Convient à jeunes aimant profiter de la vie parisienne le weekend !!
29841	The light of the flat is so unique. The old materials of the flat give a feeling of beauty and history of the buidling. The volume is very comfortable for a couple for a long or short term stay or with a child or three friends staying for short term stay.	Generally used for long terms rental during the year.  You are in the centre of the city (near Louvre's Museurm, Victoires place, Pompidou Museum, the alive rue Montorgueil ).  You will be at 4th floor with lift.  Two metro stations. The light of the flat is so unique. The old materials of the flat give a feeling of beauty and history of the buidling. The volume is very comfortable for a couple for a long or short term stay or with a child or three friends staying for short term stay. You have a landline phone in the flat to reach us anytime. After booking, I communicate all our phone numbers: mine, the one of my husband, the one of my trustful cooperator. No excuse to say I am not... reachable! During arrival time, I supervise the work of my cooperators as I cannot personally receive all the guests despite I would like it. From the landline you can do Free calls to French landlines and mobiles and to landlines of 100 countries. You are near the very alive street Rue Montorgueil. You h
29842	Bedrooms Studio apartment with a king size bed from the highest quality, that becomes a comfortable couch for 2 with a press on the electrical remote control. Design and warm decorations. Quiet, with 2 windows facing the courtyard. Bathroom Elegant and modern bathroom with Art nouveau cement tiles in green accents. Top “italian” shower with a relaxing rain shower and a large glass door. Bathroom heater/towel warmer that wraps you in a soft envelope of warmth. Numerous soft towels Professional hair dryer Kitchen Fully furnished with microwave, toaster, espresso coffee maker, refrigerator, washer-dryer, cooking utensils, pots, pans, and various glasses. Additional amenities 3rd floor without elevator ( help provided for luggage by check in / out when needed) Very High-speed WIFI with fiber optic Free international calls to 79 destinations, among US, Canada, australia and Europe. LCD TV with over 100 cable & English channels Iron and ironing board Housecleaning with new linen	Stunning studio apartment, fully renovated in September 2014, in the Louvre district, 5 minutes from the trendy Montorgueil village Bright and luminous, with warm colors and a beautifull atmosphere. Very comfortable and high value furniture
29843	Cet appartement, au cœur de Paris, dans le quartier animé de Montorgueil, est situé dans une rue très calme. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes dans des conditions de couchage très confortable : un lit double ferme dans la chambre et un canapé convertible équipé d'un très bon matelas. L'appartement a été totalement rénové durant l'été 2014 et offre donc les prestations du neuf dans le charme de l'ancien.  La chambre est équipée d'un lit double de 1m60 ferme (37 cm d'épaisseur) et d'une penderie. Le salon dispose d'un canapé lit équipé d'un matelas confortable (17 cm) et d'une télévision par câble. La séjour comporte un espace salle à manger avec une table pour 4 et un espace bureau. La cuisine est équipée de plaques de cuisson à induction, d'un four à micro onde, d'un réfrigérateur congélateur et d'une machine à laver et à sécher le linge. La salle d'eau offre une douche agréable et les toilettes sont séparées. La chambre donne sur une cours très calme et il n'y a pas de vis à vis 	Cet appartement, au cœur de Paris, dans le quartier animé de Montorgueil, est situé dans une rue très calme. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes dans des conditions de couchage très confortable : un lit double ferme dans la chambre et un canapé convertible équipé d'un très bon matelas. L'appartement a été totalement rénové durant l'été 2014 et offre donc les prestations du neuf dans le charme de l'ancien.  La chambre est équipée d'un lit double de 1m60 ferme (37 cm d'épaisseur) et d'une penderie. Le salon dispose d'un canapé lit équipé d'un matelas confortable (17 cm) et d'une télévision par câble. La séjour comporte un espace salle à manger avec une table pour 4 et un espace bureau. La cuisine est équipée de plaques de cuisson à induction, d'un four à micro onde, d'un réfrigérateur congélateur et d'une machine à laver et à sécher le linge. La salle d'eau offre une douche agréable et les toilettes sont séparées. La chambre donne sur une cours très calme et il n'y a pas de vis à vis 
29844	Holidays in Paris Montorgueil - Individuals Special and Seasonal Furnished in Paris city We present you a studio/bedsit to rent for your stay in Paris 2nd District -  comfort and quality ideal for young couples holiday This studio is furnished,  fully equipped and  well decorated. You will find the warm comfort of a private interior and fully enjoy the pleasure of your kitchen, bedroom, bathroom / wc. Sofa bed for 2 people with good mattress, electric heating. Digital code.  Broadband Wifi-Internet access, flat screen TV, enjoy the benefits of a quality service. Our short term rentals in Paris can be rented from a week up to several months. Leave your luggage in our short term rental in Paris and enjoy the comfort of a furnished studio in the heart of the capital. - Studio in the 2nd                                                                        borough :                                                                                             From January to December for 1-2	Holidays in Paris Montorgueil - Individuals Special and Seasonal Furnished in Paris city We present you a studio/bedsit to rent for your stay in Paris 2nd District -  comfort and quality ideal for young couples holiday This studio is furnished,  fully equipped and  well decorated. You will find the warm comfort of a private interior and fully enjoy the pleasure of your kitchen, bedroom, bathroom / wc. Sofa bed for 2 people with good mattress, electric heating. Digital code.  Broadband Wifi-Internet access, flat screen TV, enjoy the benefits of a quality service. Our short term rentals in Paris can be rented from a week up to several months. Leave your luggage in our short term rental in Paris and enjoy the comfort of a furnished studio in the heart of the capital. - Studio in the 2nd                                                                        borough :                                                                                             From January to December for 1-2
29845		Studio en plein coeur de Paris avec petite terrasse . Au 1 er étage et avec wifi. Proche des Halles et du quartier Montorgueil.
29846	This former Fashion workshop has been modernized ( Brand NEW, MAY 2015) with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture. The mini loft can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 queen size bed. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 19th century. It is very quiet and safe. FREE WIFI, towels and sheets are provided and also kitchen appliances. The mini loft is 20 square meters. The apartment features :   a living area with a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking plates, pans, …   a dining area with a table for 2   a bedroom area with a very confortable bed for 2 people with a top quality mattress + pillow top, 4 pillows    a wardrobe to store your clothes & lugages + iron    a bathroom (shower, WC, sink, w	"Former Fashion workshop upcycled into a Mini Loft by parisians designers. On a parisian cosy/quiet Courtyard. Ideal for 2. Near ""Opéra"", central, trendy, 10/15min from major touristy attractions. 5 min from metro station Grands Boulevards & Cadet. This former Fashion workshop has been modernized ( Brand NEW, MAY 2015) with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture. The mini loft can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 queen size bed. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 19th century. It is very quiet and safe. FREE WIFI, towels and sheets are provided and also kitchen appliances. The mini loft is 20 square meters. The apartment features :   a living area with a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking "
29847	It'a a 17th century building typically parisian, overlooking the courtyard. Don't worry, nothing will collapse and  it is rather comfortable. When you enter, the kitchen is in front of you, the bathroom on your right and the livingroom on your left. The bedroom is after the livingroom. It's  small, about 38 m2. It's on the 2nd floor. There is a window in each room looking on the courtyard. Simple, in an exciting neighbourhood.	In a typical 17th century  building in the heart of Paris, you'll enjoy a  bedroom with a doublebed for 2, a livingroom with a sofabed for 2, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. Simple and charming 38 m2. You can walk to most tourist places ! It'a a 17th century building typically parisian, overlooking the courtyard. Don't worry, nothing will collapse and  it is rather comfortable. When you enter, the kitchen is in front of you, the bathroom on your right and the livingroom on your left. The bedroom is after the livingroom. It's  small, about 38 m2. It's on the 2nd floor. There is a window in each room looking on the courtyard. Simple, in an exciting neighbourhood. The entire flat just for you ! You can use what you need.  washing machine with drier, dishwasher, microwave oven,  one double  bed in the bedroom (140x190 cm) , one sofa bed that opens up in the living room with a good matress (130 x 190 cm). The 2eme is so central and cosy and safe ! It's a small village with everythi
29848	Ce charmant appartement de 2 pièces est situé dans le très privilégié quartier Montorgueil au 14 rue Bachaumont. L'appartement a l'avantage d'être au cœur de la ville et de son animation mais donne sur une grande et jolie cours totalement calme. Situé au 1er étage, il est aussi très lumineux. L'appartement est composé d'une petite cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, d'une salle de bain et d'une chambre. On y trouve tout l'équipement nécessaire : machine à laver, four micro-ondes, bouilloire, plaques électriques, tv écran plat avec chaînes câblées, internet wifi haut débit, lecteur DVD, excellent système sont à disposition. Le quartier est au cœur de la ville et il est facile de se déplacer très vite dans Paris : métro lignes 3, 4, 9, 1, bus, vélibs et taxis. Vous êtes aussi à 5 minutes de la station RER des halles, direct des aéroports Orly et Charles de Gaulle, et aussi pour vous rendre à Disney Land Paris ainsi qu'au Château de Versailles. Beaucoup de monuments sont à quelques minutes à p	Ce charmant appartement de 2 pièces est situé dans le très privilégié quartier Montorgueil au 14 rue Bachaumont. L'appartement a l'avantage d'être au cœur de la ville et de son animation mais donne sur une grande et jolie cours totalement calme. Situé au 1er étage, il est aussi très lumineux. L'appartement est composé d'une petite cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, d'une salle de bain et d'une chambre. On y trouve tout l'équipement nécessaire : machine à laver, four micro-ondes, bouilloire, plaques électriques, tv écran plat avec chaînes câblées, internet wifi haut débit, lecteur DVD, excellent système sont à disposition. Le quartier est au cœur de la ville et il est facile de se déplacer très vite dans Paris : métro lignes 3, 4, 9, 1, bus, vélibs et taxis. Vous êtes aussi à 5 minutes de la station RER des halles, direct des aéroports Orly et Charles de Gaulle, et aussi pour vous rendre à Disney Land Paris ainsi qu'au Château de Versailles. Beaucoup de monuments sont à quelques minutes à p
29849	Cet appartement de charme et de standing dispose d’une situation exceptionnelle au cœur du Paris actif entre Notre Dame, Beaubourg et le Louvre à deux pas du Marais. Il est connecté aux lignes principales du réseau de transports en commun qui le rendent accessibles en direct depuis n’importe quelle gare ou aéroport de Paris et qui le branchent en direct aussi bien sur Saint Germain des Prés, les Grands magasins, l’Arc de Triomphe ou La Défense par exemple.  Chaque m2 optimisé, permet d’y vivre de manière extrêmement chaleureuse et confortable. Exposé sud et ouest donnant sur l’espace piétonnier et arboré de la rue Lescot, il est particulièrement dégagé et lumineux. Ses équipements comme ses éclairages variables permettent de tamiser la lumière de jour comme de nuit au gré de son bon plaisir et de ses envies. La cuisine à l’« américaine » est particulièrement fonctionnelle et équipée. Elle dispose d’un espace « bar » et donne sur une salle à manger spacieuse et aérée. Le salon dispose d	Cet appartement de charme et de standing dispose d’une situation exceptionnelle au cœur du Paris actif entre Notre Dame, Beaubourg et le Louvre à deux pas du Marais. Il est connecté aux lignes principales du réseau de transports en commun qui le rendent accessibles en direct depuis n’importe quelle gare ou aéroport de Paris et qui le branchent en direct aussi bien sur Saint Germain des Prés, les Grands magasins, l’Arc de Triomphe ou La Défense par exemple.  Chaque m2 optimisé, permet d’y vivre de manière extrêmement chaleureuse et confortable. Exposé sud et ouest donnant sur l’espace piétonnier et arboré de la rue Lescot, il est particulièrement dégagé et lumineux. Ses équipements comme ses éclairages variables permettent de tamiser la lumière de jour comme de nuit au gré de son bon plaisir et de ses envies. La cuisine à l’« américaine » est particulièrement fonctionnelle et équipée. Elle dispose d’un espace « bar » et donne sur une salle à manger spacieuse et aérée. Le salon dispose d
29850	you want to experience an authentic and colorful Paris, do not miss the Montorgueil district. Rent furnished studio, 28m2 at first floor, decorated in a simple and elegant: a kitchen with all utensils, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator with freezer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, washing machine, a Part bar, linen and crockery provided. The bathroom is equipped with a bath, washbasin and hairdryer. For maximum comfort, it also has a breakfast nook with table and chairs, TV, DVD, wi-fi, iron and ironing board, electric heating. For the party night he has a cabinet very comfortable bed. Building located in the heart of the shopping and pedestrian. Five minutes from Châtelet, this pedestrian paradise of food lovers is ideal for a stroll in the afternoon. The ancient streets of the neighborhood but are devoid of cars packed against by small traders who are one of the best addresses in Paris for your fresh produce market. The Quartier Montorgueil has long been the stronghold of the cr	you want to experience an authentic and colorful Paris, do not miss the Montorgueil district. Rent furnished studio, 28m2 at first floor, decorated in a simple and elegant: a kitchen with all utensils, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator with freezer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, washing machine, a Part bar, linen and crockery provided. The bathroom is equipped with a bath, washbasin and hairdryer. For maximum comfort, it also has a breakfast nook with table and chairs, TV, DVD, wi-fi, iron and ironing board, electric heating. For the party night he has a cabinet very comfortable bed. Building located in the heart of the shopping and pedestrian. Five minutes from Châtelet, this pedestrian paradise of food lovers is ideal for a stroll in the afternoon. The ancient streets of the neighborhood but are devoid of cars packed against by small traders who are one of the best addresses in Paris for your fresh produce market. The Quartier Montorgueil has long been the stronghold of the cr
29851	HEART OF PARIS  lovely small bed room flat.  Very central Closed to Montorgueil  5 min walk from Opéra, Galerie Lafayette and Printemps Haussmann.  5 min walk from Palais Royal garden and Colonne de Buren  5 min walk from Chatelet les Halles   10 min walk from Le Louvre Métros: BOURSE Ligne 3 – RICHELIEU DROUOT Lignes 8/9 Perfect for couple.  You can also have 1 double bedroom additional with the Sofabed  fully furnished (TV, illimited Wifi, Wash mashine, Microwaves, oven...) Clean sheets and towels provided Nb: Noise possible, i'm living up to a bar.  PLEIN COEUR DE PARIS  L'appartement est vraiment central. Proche de Montorgueil.  5 min à pied d'Opéra, des Galerie Lafayette et du Printemps Haussmann.  5 min à pied du fabuleux jardin du Palais Royal et des colonnes de Buren.  5 min à pied de Chatelet les Halles.  10 min à pied du Louvre  Métros: BOURSE Ligne 3 – RICHELIEU DROUOT Lignes 8/9 Entièrement équipé. (TV, WIFI illimité, four, micro onde, machine à laver, sèche linge...) Parfa	HEART OF PARIS  lovely small bed room flat.  Very central Closed to Montorgueil  5 min walk from Opéra, Galerie Lafayette and Printemps Haussmann.  5 min walk from Palais Royal garden and Colonne de Buren  5 min walk from Chatelet les Halles   10 min walk from Le Louvre Métros: BOURSE Ligne 3 – RICHELIEU DROUOT Lignes 8/9 Perfect for couple.  You can also have 1 double bedroom additional with the Sofabed  fully furnished (TV, illimited Wifi, Wash mashine, Microwaves, oven...) Clean sheets and towels provided Nb: Noise possible, i'm living up to a bar.  PLEIN COEUR DE PARIS  L'appartement est vraiment central. Proche de Montorgueil.  5 min à pied d'Opéra, des Galerie Lafayette et du Printemps Haussmann.  5 min à pied du fabuleux jardin du Palais Royal et des colonnes de Buren.  5 min à pied de Chatelet les Halles.  10 min à pied du Louvre  Métros: BOURSE Ligne 3 – RICHELIEU DROUOT Lignes 8/9 Entièrement équipé. (TV, WIFI illimité, four, micro onde, machine à laver, sèche linge...) Parfa
29852	Our flat is a spacious apartment with a large living room, a well-furnished kitchen and a comfortable bedroom.  There is a bathtub in the bathroom and a separated WC.	        Our flat is a spacious 1 bedroom apartment with a large living room with a       
29853	Our lovely studio: We love our little studio! It is small and cozy, full of light and right in the middle of the city.  Our favorite place is by one of the large french windows, sitting at the little bistro table, having morning coffe or an aperitif in the evening. There is an extension to the table if you need a larger desk. The sofa bed folds out to a 140 x 200 size bed, comfortable for two. The bathroom is very small and functional with a shower and a toilet. The large sink in the kitchen is right next to it and doubles as a bathroom sink. 	Our wonderful cozy studio in the Rue Montorgeuil pedestrian area ist the perfect place to experience Paris. You are right in the center, walking distance to Marais, Louvre, Les Halles, Beaubourg etc. Comfortable for two people. Our lovely studio: We love our little studio! It is small and cozy, full of light and right in the middle of the city.  Our favorite place is by one of the large french windows, sitting at the little bistro table, having morning coffe or an aperitif in the evening. There is an extension to the table if you need a larger desk. The sofa bed folds out to a 140 x 200 size bed, comfortable for two. The bathroom is very small and functional with a shower and a toilet. The large sink in the kitchen is right next to it and doubles as a bathroom sink.  You will find enough space to store your things in the wardrobe, in an above storage space in the corridor and in the sideboard.  Our dear friend Gordana will receive you upon your arrival and can answer any questions that
29854	•Wooden floors •Central heating •Concierge services •40 inch HD television. •High speed wifi •Free coffee and tea	Located in the centre of Paris (2e arrondissement), the flat comprises of one bedroom, a lounge, a bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen. Quiet neighbourhood. Within walking distance from Musée du Louvre, Opéra, Galleries Lafayette etc •Wooden floors •Central heating •Concierge services •40 inch HD television. •High speed wifi •Free coffee and tea Walking distance from Palais Royal, Musée du Louvre, Opéra, Place Vendôme, Galeries Lafayettes, Rue Montorgueil.
29855	Two-rooms apartment of 41m2, located on the fifth floor of a typical seventeenth century building in a quiet street, this accommodation is ideal for exploring the Parisian atmosphere and iconic areas of central Paris (Sentier, Montorgueil, Marais ...) . Entire home. Many monuments are within walking feet shopping center Les Halles, the Louvre, the Centre Pompidou modern art museum, the Tuileries Garden, the garden of the Royal Palace, the Picasso Museum, St Eustache church, Notre Dame de Paris, the Grands Boulevards, the National Library, clubs and bars. Always available by phone and email to answer all your questions Pedestrian area of Montorgueil lively, many retailers and restaurants. District both popular and trendy, one of the oldest in Paris. The apartment is very well served by public transport (metro lines 3,4,8 and 9 and bus) and a few stations in large railway stations (Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est). Wine cellar available.	Two-rooms apartment of 41m2, located on the fifth floor of a typical seventeenth century building in a quiet street, this accommodation is ideal for exploring the Parisian atmosphere and iconic areas of central Paris (Sentier, Montorgueil, Marais ...) . Entire home. Many monuments are within walking feet shopping center Les Halles, the Louvre, the Centre Pompidou modern art museum, the Tuileries Garden, the garden of the Royal Palace, the Picasso Museum, St Eustache church, Notre Dame de Paris, the Grands Boulevards, the National Library, clubs and bars. Always available by phone and email to answer all your questions Pedestrian area of Montorgueil lively, many retailers and restaurants. District both popular and trendy, one of the oldest in Paris. The apartment is very well served by public transport (metro lines 3,4,8 and 9 and bus) and a few stations in large railway stations (Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est). Wine cellar available.
29856	"22 Saint-Sauveur street - 2nd arr. district In the very center of Paris, Montorgeuil area is a pedestrian and lively neighborhood with all the best sites as Le Marais, Le Louvre, les Tuileries, Beaubourg, Palais Royal, Galeries Lafayette or rue Saint Honoré are walking distance.  Montorgueil market is one of the most famous and all the Parisian ""cafés"", restaurants, fantastic food-shops, fashion boutiques are around the corner! You will have so much to do in the area, just 5 mn walking around the loft ! Enter the main street door, in the very charming quiet courtyard, find the staircase. On the 3rd Floor you ll enter this signature apartment with: old and original roof wood beams, high ceiling (3.1m), typical tommette flooring... This spectacular loft is entirely renovated for full comfort with beautiful materials and high end taste: arty / chic style.  This loft is for 2 to 4 people. But not suitable for children under 12. It consists of: -a splendid 35sqm living room with dim lightin"	"Cosy, modern and charming loft in the very center of Paris. The area is a pedestrian and lively neighborhood with all top sites as Le Marais, Louvre, Tuileries, Beaubourg, Palais Royal, Galeries Lafayette or rue Saint Honoré within walking distance. 22 Saint-Sauveur street - 2nd arr. district In the very center of Paris, Montorgeuil area is a pedestrian and lively neighborhood with all the best sites as Le Marais, Le Louvre, les Tuileries, Beaubourg, Palais Royal, Galeries Lafayette or rue Saint Honoré are walking distance.  Montorgueil market is one of the most famous and all the Parisian ""cafés"", restaurants, fantastic food-shops, fashion boutiques are around the corner! You will have so much to do in the area, just 5 mn walking around the loft ! Enter the main street door, in the very charming quiet courtyard, find the staircase. On the 3rd Floor you ll enter this signature apartment with: old and original roof wood beams, high ceiling (3.1m), typical tommette flooring... This spect"
29857	emplacement privilégie avec un belle espace	SITUATION PRIVILÉGIÉE & EXCEPTIONNELLE   -En plein cœur de Paris-Métro sentier (ligne 3) -Situé à 5 minute de Métro Etienne Marcel la ligne 4 et Châtelet Les Halles ligne de métr(phone number hidden) RER (A,B,D) - Loft luxueux de 130m2 -Pour 6 personnes -Étage: 1er -Entrée, Sejour Spacieux, cuisine US,  salle de bain avec baignoire atypique , WC 2 chambres équipé de tv lcd -Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, ecran lcd, un accès internet illimité, un lecteur DVD, station iphone ipod  -Cuisine: 3 plaques inductions, 1 évier, 1 réfrigérateur, 1 micro onde,four, 1 cafetière, 1 bouilloire, 1 grille pain L'appartement est à proximité du quartier du Marais, de la Seine, du Louvre, du centre Beaubourg, de Notre Dame, des grands magasins et des galeries d'arts très accessible en transport en commun. Le quartier, un plus ancien et des plus historique de Paris est connu pour ses restaurants, ses bars, son côté animé, ses fins magasins de bouche et se situe à 2 pas des boutiques de c
29858	The apartment was completely renovated recently The quality of materials, finishes and equipment is excellent. The style of the apartment is modern and is located in one of the nicest aeras of Paris.   This is the entire apartment. Guests can use everything that is in the  LOCATION  The building is located in the famous Quartier Montorgueil.  Located in a central area close to the Louvre.  You will find close to the apartment many cafés, restaurants, bars, theaters, concert halls, museums.. all of these are less than 5 minute walk. The area is safe. TRANSPORTS  Many subway stations : Chatelet les Halles, Sentier, Etienne Marcel. There are many taxis in the street. COMFORT  Very comfartable bedding. Shower gel, shampoo and towels are provided as well as coffee and tea for your stay. A hair dryer, iron table and iron are also available in the apartment.  TECHNOLOGY  The apartment is equipped with the latest technology: Samsung 46 inches LED TV, Sound system, 100Mbit Internet connection t	A nice 47 square meters duplex appartment in the center of Paris. Pedestrian, quiet and beautiful street. Fully equipped. The apartment was completely renovated recently The quality of materials, finishes and equipment is excellent. The style of the apartment is modern and is located in one of the nicest aeras of Paris.   This is the entire apartment. Guests can use everything that is in the  LOCATION  The building is located in the famous Quartier Montorgueil.  Located in a central area close to the Louvre.  You will find close to the apartment many cafés, restaurants, bars, theaters, concert halls, museums.. all of these are less than 5 minute walk. The area is safe. TRANSPORTS  Many subway stations : Chatelet les Halles, Sentier, Etienne Marcel. There are many taxis in the street. COMFORT  Very comfartable bedding. Shower gel, shampoo and towels are provided as well as coffee and tea for your stay. A hair dryer, iron table and iron are also available in the apartment.  TECHNOLOGY  T
29859	Charmant studio au coeur de la rue Montorgueil. Cuisine séparée et totalement équipée (cafetière Tassimo, four combiné, frigo, plaques, bouilloire...) Pièce de vie séparée avec canapé ET vrai lit 2 places, télé, wifi SdB avec douche Appartement très lumineux, en plein coeur de Paris. 5ème étage sans ascenseur. A 5 minutes à pied de Châtelet les Halles avec tous les métros et RER. Commerces, restaurants, rue piétonne! Rue piétonne en plein centre de Paris, vous trouverez tout ce qu'il faut dans la rue : restaurants, commerces, boulangerie, glacier, pharmacie...  Les commerces sont tous ouverts le dimanche matin également! Vous Métro Sentier (ligne 3) à 3 minutes Les Halles à 4 minutes : RER A, B, D (accès direct aéroports Orly ou Roissy) + accès à toutes les gares sans changement! Métro: ligne 1, ligne 4, ligne 7, ligne 11, ligne 14 Il faut monter les 5 étages à pied :-)	C'est un appartement lumineux, au cœur de la rue piétonne Montorgueil! Vous aurez tout Paris à vos pieds avec le meilleur accès à tous les transports parisiens.  Idéal pour visiter la capitale et profiter des soirées dans le quartier. Charmant studio au coeur de la rue Montorgueil. Cuisine séparée et totalement équipée (cafetière Tassimo, four combiné, frigo, plaques, bouilloire...) Pièce de vie séparée avec canapé ET vrai lit 2 places, télé, wifi SdB avec douche Appartement très lumineux, en plein coeur de Paris. 5ème étage sans ascenseur. A 5 minutes à pied de Châtelet les Halles avec tous les métros et RER. Commerces, restaurants, rue piétonne! Rue piétonne en plein centre de Paris, vous trouverez tout ce qu'il faut dans la rue : restaurants, commerces, boulangerie, glacier, pharmacie...  Les commerces sont tous ouverts le dimanche matin également! Vous Métro Sentier (ligne 3) à 3 minutes Les Halles à 4 minutes : RER A, B, D (accès direct aéroports Orly ou Roissy) + accès à toutes l
29860	This flat is specially adapted to families. A baby bed and a bottle warmer are available. It is confortable for 4 to 6 people (there is one double bed in the room and 2 double convertible beds in the living-room). This designer style loft of 645 sq ft/60m2  is located in the center of Paris, in the Sentier district, next to Sentier and Strasbourg Saint Denis metro stations. It is at five minutes by foot from Montorgueil with its charming bars,  restaurants, markets and supermarkets, and also from Grands Boulevard & Republique, at 15 minutes by foot from Chatelet and Marais, and at 20 minutes by foot from Louvre and Notre Dame. If you prefer cycling, there is a self service  bike rental station (Velib') just in front of the building. This loft is located on the 3rd floor of a debut of the siecle industrial type building, with a view on a calm and planted yard. The building is clean and secure. The main room of 45 m² with steel beams is the ideal place to gather with family or friends.  	Loft with lots of character near Montorgueil neighborhood. Adapted to families, babies, couples, professionals and photographers. The neighborhood is really calm. NO LATE NOISE OR PARTIES ARE TOLERATED OR A PENALTY WILL BE TAKEN FROM THE DEPOSIT. This flat is specially adapted to families. A baby bed and a bottle warmer are available. It is confortable for 4 to 6 people (there is one double bed in the room and 2 double convertible beds in the living-room). This designer style loft of 645 sq ft/60m2  is located in the center of Paris, in the Sentier district, next to Sentier and Strasbourg Saint Denis metro stations. It is at five minutes by foot from Montorgueil with its charming bars,  restaurants, markets and supermarkets, and also from Grands Boulevard & Republique, at 15 minutes by foot from Chatelet and Marais, and at 20 minutes by foot from Louvre and Notre Dame. If you prefer cycling, there is a self service  bike rental station (Velib') just in front of the building. This loft 
29861	Right in the center of Paris, Montorgueil area. Beautiful apartment with vintage furniture. The queen bed size with high quality mattress  is foldable behind the book shelf. There is also 1 bed for 1 person. Check in not after 8 PM. If threre is no customer the day after the last day rent, it is possible to do a late check out until 6PM with a 30€ charge. Kitchen with washing machine and dryer and washing dishes and all for cook Big bathroon with shower Balcony with coffee table and chairs	This beautiful studio apartment of 38 sqm with nice vintage furniture is in the center of Paris. Plenty of restaurants and trendy shops around. The building was renovated with high security is in a quiet pedestrian street.Perfect place to enjoy Paris Right in the center of Paris, Montorgueil area. Beautiful apartment with vintage furniture. The queen bed size with high quality mattress  is foldable behind the book shelf. There is also 1 bed for 1 person. Check in not after 8 PM. If threre is no customer the day after the last day rent, it is possible to do a late check out until 6PM with a 30€ charge. Kitchen with washing machine and dryer and washing dishes and all for cook Big bathroon with shower Balcony with coffee table and chairs Wifi  & cable TV 75002 Pedestrian street  right in the center of Paris. Quartier piétonnier de Montorgueuil, plein centre de Paris Métro Châtelet ou Etienne Marcel Depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle RER Direct
29862	It is a seconf floor , very quite but so near to major interest places of Paris  You'll live there for an unforgettable days..	The apartment is exactly in the city center... only 700 meters from Louvre ... situated in the typical Parisian Rue Montorgueil full of small typical little shops and restaurants.. It is a seconf floor , very quite but so near to major interest places of Paris  You'll live there for an unforgettable days.. You will have a full 2 bedrooms apartment for you  Our housekeeper speak french and portuguese The area is not too much turistic but mostly for Parisian people, but so near to the Louvre , opera' etc ... stragetic location ... metro only 200 meters ! there is a metro station just at 200 meters and also a parking is also at 200 meters!
29863	This apartment gives a 360 view of the rooftops of Paris (Terrace 30m²) Ideal for watching the Eiffel Tower on one side and the Sacred Heart on the other side. Well equipped to help you feel at home.	This apartment gives a 360 view of the rooftops of Paris (Terrace 30m²) Ideal for watching the Eiffel Tower on one side and the Sacred Heart on the other side. Well equipped to help you feel at home. Travelers will have full access to the apartment. When necessary, I will be available and accessible all day (except if  impediment). The apartment is located in the heart of Paris in a lively and very close to all commerce. A Parking places rental are available at 49 Rue Vivienne (very close to the appartment), please refer to the following website for the availabilities: (website hidden) or (website hidden) Otherwise accommodation is 1 minute from transport (metro line 3, 8, or 9) We make discount (up to 20%) for bookings with arrival within 15 days from the reservation date. Do not hesitate to contact us for more details.
29864	This 35-sqm studio is a real gem in the heart of Paris. A finely disposed space, entirely renovated just recently, with lots of care and attention to the details. The apartment is functional with a well-equipped kitchen: coffee maker, toaster, oven, fridge, dishwasher, cooktop, and kettle. Everything to prepare good meals! There is also a washing machine, TV, WIFI and speaker.  The first floor is being renovated.	Newly renovated and carefully finished studio in the heart of Paris. 4th floor with elevator, cosy apartment in perfect condition, wooden floor, bar and fully equipped. Just a few steps away from Opera and many other touristic spots like Montorgueil,
29865		in the extrem down town, come and sleep in a former art gallery.Trendy duplex
29866		This 80 sq meters apt is situated in the central Paris in the Montorgueil area, in the heart of Paris. It is a 2 double bedrooms apt with 2 bathrooms with toilets. The living room faced a large terrace. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped.
29867	--------prefer girls--------------- 12m2 share double sofa bed with the house holder(girl)	There is a kitchen contains oven, microwave and refrigerator etc. The space is 12 m², not big but enough for daily life. The transportation are 1 min to metro and velib.  But notice!you have to share the double sofa bed with me, so i prefer girls. --------prefer girls--------------- 12m2 share double sofa bed with the house holder(girl) refrigerator, kitchen and bathroom i will go home every day, so if you have any question, i will be there! lots of supermarkets and restaurants, next to a church. very convenient, near metro line 4/8/9. (in 3 minutes) also few steps from the public bicycle velib. no smoking, no noise.
29868	 - We like to keep our place tidy and comfy so you'll benefit from that :)  - We are musicians and a great piano is available for guests. - Two beds can fit 4 persons all in all: 2 in the bedroom and 2 in the living room, in the couch deploying as a comfortable bed. The bathroom is available from the entry corridor. A specific curtain is furnished for the living room window.	We're a couple of French travelers and we love to host friends at our place when we're not around! The flat is like we love, comfy, fully equipped & functional, you can drop right in the life of a Parisian and enjoy our great city ;)     - We like to keep our place tidy and comfy so you'll benefit from that :)  - We are musicians and a great piano is available for guests. - Two beds can fit 4 persons all in all: 2 in the bedroom and 2 in the living room, in the couch deploying as a comfortable bed. The bathroom is available from the entry corridor. A specific curtain is furnished for the living room window.  - The apartment is located on the 1st floor, so it is very easy  to access. - Full flat (minus one locker) is available for guests. We trust you not to abuse anything!  - Kitchen is fully equipped and can be used  - Piano available for musicians  - We love to help you get around & as we usually live here, we have lots of great recommendations in the neighborhood.  - If we are not i
29869	Appartement (NON-FUMEUR!) de 25m2, stylé, très au calme (quartier semi-piéton et complètement fermé aux voitures le dimanche) Le petit balcon avec une chaise longue, parfait pour profiter du soleil, prendre un verre sur les toits de Paris à l'apéro ou observer la quiétude la nuit venue... Appartement au dernier étage (5ém sans ascenseur...comme souvent à Paris!!)	Charmant petit appartement Parisien, sous les toits, très calme et lumineux, en plein cœur de Paris (quartier semi-piéton du Sentier/Montorgueil) Balcon ensoleillé avec chaise longue sur les toits de Paris! Tout équipé avec style! Wifi etc... Appartement (NON-FUMEUR!) de 25m2, stylé, très au calme (quartier semi-piéton et complètement fermé aux voitures le dimanche) Le petit balcon avec une chaise longue, parfait pour profiter du soleil, prendre un verre sur les toits de Paris à l'apéro ou observer la quiétude la nuit venue... Appartement au dernier étage (5ém sans ascenseur...comme souvent à Paris!!) Tout l'appartement! Equipements neuf et complet. Wifi, TV écran plat, sat, micro-ondes etc .... Lit double (matelas neuf) Douche, produits de toilettes etc etc ... Le petit balcon ensoleillé avec sa chaise longue!!! Je vous accueil et vous donne tous les conseils dont vous avez besoin sur le quartier et la ville pour profiter au mieux d'un séjour 100% typique style Parisien! Restaurants, 
29870	Dans l'authentique quartier du Sentier, l'appartement est à quelques pas des grands boulevards, à 10min à pieds de l'Opéra de Paris et des Halles. 	Studio confortable  parisien dans le quartier du Sentier (métro Bonne Nouvelle), au 3e étage sans vis à vis sur rue très calme. Dans l'authentique quartier du Sentier, l'appartement est à quelques pas des grands boulevards, à 10min à pieds de l'Opéra de Paris et des Halles. Tout l'appartement Dans l'authentique quartier du Sentier, l'appartement est à quelques pas du quartier Montorgueil et des grands boulevards, à 10min à pieds de l'Opéra de Paris et des Halles. A 2 minutes du métro Bonne nouvelle (ligne 8,9), Sentier (ligne 3), Strasbourg Saint Denis (ligne 4, 8, 9). Et à 10 minutes à pieds des Halles (ReR A, B, D)
29871	If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect  for families with children, business trips or to stay with friends. We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 50e and greeter fees 50e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   The apartment is located on the 1st floor without  elevator of a very typical Parisian building: 1 lovely living room with 1 fold down queen size Harry bed and 1 comfortable fold out queen size sofa bed,  1 fully equipped open kitchen, 1 bathroom with shower and WC.  Completely renovated with modern and contemporary furniture, the apartment is has a sober and elegant atmosphere. It is is equipped with all the amenities you will need during your stay. The kitchen is equipped with all the amenit	In the heart of Paris, 5min walk from Opera and Louvre, centrally located on quite street, 1 studio apartment, 4 sleeps, kitchen, shower room with WC, Free WIFI, telephone and Cable TV If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect  for families with children, business trips or to stay with friends. We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 50e and greeter fees 50e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   The apartment is located on the 1st floor without  elevator of a very typical Parisian building: 1 lovely living room with 1 fold down queen size Harry bed and 1 comfortable fold out queen size sofa bed,  1 fully equipped open kitchen, 1 bathroom with shower and WC.  Completely renovated with modern and contempo
29872	Entire apartment 1 bed room 484 sq ft (45m²), 2nd floor, no lift, in a charming and ancient building of 18th century, facing south, very luminous, sunny, 3 windows overlooking a large, private and quiet courtyard In the heart of historical Montorgueil street, pedestrian and very lively district (café, restaurants) with many shopkeepers (bakeries, cheesemongers, market-garden) Brand new apartment completely renovated with an architect in march 2011 Decoration mixing typical Parisian style (genuine exposed wood beams, wooden floor) and modern style. Entrance, large kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area, 1 bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom with a large shower italian style, separated restrooms, many closets, electric heating radiators,1 comfortable pull out sofa bed in the living room Fully equipped apartment : Wifi internet, flat screen TV with international channels, kitchen with all equipments (fridge, microwave, oven, stove, toaster, kettle, coffee machine	Brand new, modern and stylish apartment in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian neighborhood. Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience with a lot of local (non-touristic) colors. Quiet oasis in the middle of a buzzing market street with many great restaurants, bistros, cafes, shops and supermarket at the drop of a hat. Spotless apartment with great design in a large and peaceful courtyard. Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions as well as easy access to 3 Metro stops. Direct access from the airport with the Metro. Entire apartment 1 bed room 484 sq ft (45m²), 2nd floor, no lift, in a charming and ancient building of 18th century, facing south, very luminous, sunny, 3 windows overlooking a large, private and quiet courtyard In the heart of historical Montorgueil street, pedestrian and very lively district (café, restaurants) with many shopkeepers (bakeries, cheesemongers, market-garden) Brand new apartment completely renovated wit
29873		Студия 12м2 со всеми удобствами, 7 этаж, лифт до 6-го. Квартал с многочисленными кафе, булочными, винными и сырными лавками. Центр Помпиду в 7 мин. ходьбы, Лувр и Собор Парижской Богоматери в 20 мин.  Прямая скоростная электричка RER B до аэропорта.
29874	Be very welcome at home !!! 3rd floor with elevator  1 spacious living room with Hi Definition TV 2 Bedrooms with very comfortable queen size beds Fully equipped open kitchen  2 bathroom with unlimited hot water  Lightly (6 windows !)  Very lively, trendy and central neighborhood	Feel at home in our lovely, spacious (95m² / 1,025ft²) and quiet 2 bedrooms & 2 bathrooms apartment! Each bedroom has a queen size bed and its own private bath (with shower/tub + toilet). With its high ceiling and abundant natural light, our place is ideally located in the heart of the pedestrian area of Montorgueil, between le Marais (15 min walking distance) and the Louvre (10 min walking distance). Please, don't hesitate to send me an email if you need more information. Thank you! Be very welcome at home !!! 3rd floor with elevator  1 spacious living room with Hi Definition TV 2 Bedrooms with very comfortable queen size beds Fully equipped open kitchen  2 bathroom with unlimited hot water  Lightly (6 windows !)  Very lively, trendy and central neighborhood Enjoy all the amenities, just like if you were at home :  - Free, fast and unlimited Wifi  - HD TV  - Washing and drying machine (combo)  - Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, cooking hob, oven, extractor, cattle, etc.)  -
29875	"Apartment entirely renovated in 2012 in a calm and historical district of Paris (2th) at a few minutes walking of great tourist attractions (Montorgeuil street 5mn,Louvre 15mn, Notre Dame 15mn, Grands Boulvards 5mn, Montmartre 25mn, Marais 10mn, City Hall 15mn)  Many metro station line 4 , reaumur Sebastopole, Strasbourg St Denis, line 3 ""Sentier"" line 8 and 9 ""Bonne Nouvelle."	Apartment entirely renovated in 2012 in a calm and historical district of Paris (2th) at a few minutes walking of great tourist attractions.
29876	In the heart of quartier du Sentier, from 5 min walk of the nicest pedestrian street Rue Montorgeuil, 15 min of Les Halles and Châtelet or quartier de l'Opéra, this flat will seduce you ! This studio appartment of 25m² is brand new: a main room with a nice leather sofa bed, a kitchen area and a designed bathroom.  It can welcome 2 people. I will welcome you in the apartment.	In the heart of quartier du Sentier, from 5 min walk of the nicest pedestrian street Rue Montorgeuil, 15 min of Les Halles and Châtelet or quartier de l'Opéra, this flat will seduce you ! In the heart of quartier du Sentier, from 5 min walk of the nicest pedestrian street Rue Montorgeuil, 15 min of Les Halles and Châtelet or quartier de l'Opéra, this flat will seduce you ! This studio appartment of 25m² is brand new: a main room with a nice leather sofa bed, a kitchen area and a designed bathroom.  It can welcome 2 people. I will welcome you in the apartment. Located next to the famous theater the Grand Rex, you are close to Les Grands Boulevard or Rue Montorgueil, animated with bars and restaurants. Perfectly located, if the weather permits it, you can walk till Opéra, Jardin des Tuileries and Le Louvre or Place de la République and the Parisian area Le Marais, the Galeries Lafayette... 2 minutes away from metro line 3, 8 and 9  10 minutes away from line 4  15 minutes away from line 1
29877		Recently renovated (2013), clean and comfortable 1 bedroom apartment, sleeping 4. Bedroom with double bed and closet. Open lounge/fully equipped kitchen with sofa bed, good WIFI. Bathroom with large shower, sink, WC, washer /dryer. Access via lift. Situated in the Sentier area of Paris, just on the border of the charming and historical Marais. In this part of rue St Denis, you'll find yourself around the corner from the wonderful foodie street of rue Montorgueil and within the up and coming wholesale textile and former red light district of Paris. Close to Centre Georges Pompidou, Châtelet, Notre Dame de Paris, Louvre Museum, Les Grands Boulevards, Opera Garnier and the major department stores. Le Marais is a 5 min walk away. Many cafés, restaurants and bars in the neigbourghood. Very central location,in a lively neighbourhood.  Metro: Sentier & Reaumur Sebastopol PLEASE NOTE: For all arrivals on Dec 24, Dec 25, Dec 26 and Dec 31, Jan 1 - only possibility to get apartment keys will be 
29878	The situation is ideal, the neighbourhood typically parisian. Le Louvre, Les Halles, the Pompidou center, the river, are within walking distance.	My studio flat is situated bang in the centre of Paris, in the lively Montorgueil area. Close to Les halles, Le Louvre,  Pompidou Center, Place des Victoires and the magnificent river Seine. It's just been renovated: it has a kitchen and a bathroom. The situation is ideal, the neighbourhood typically parisian. Le Louvre, Les Halles, the Pompidou center, the river, are within walking distance. Once you've entered the building from the street, make sure you cross the (lovely) courtyard and take the elevator in the second building... Leonora and myself live on the 6th floor, right underneath. We'll be very happy to help you find your way around Paris, share a glass of wine, have breakfast with you one morning... Charming, convivial neighbourhood close to Les Halles. The closest métro stations are: Les Halles (métro + RER, the fast train that goes to Charles de Gaulle airport OR to Orly airport) and Sentier. Plenty of buses, Velib's also (the fantastic free pushbikes you can rent for the d
29879	This apartment of 50 sqm, 2 rooms and a large mezzanine, is located in a gorgeous courtyard between the street and the Rue du Mail Paul Lelong in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 6th floor of a beautiful 17th century building with no elevator car classified and can accommodate 3 people. The apartment is incredibly quiet and serene, while you are in the heart of the capital! Thanks to the large mezzanine, you can enjoy a very high ceiling, exposed beams and stone wall, giving even more character to this unusual apartment. THE LIVING-ROOM features: the cable channels and Canal +, flat screen TV, unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, a Blu-Ray DVD player, a phone with hundreds of free destinations and unlimited in call origination, Jambox bluetooth MP3 player. BATHROOM is very spacious and is Moroccan hammam style. It is equipped with: washer, dryer, iron and ironing board and hair dryer. The towels are provided. THE ROOM white and blue sky amaze you with its calm. Sheets, blanket	This apartment of 50 sqm, 2 rooms and a large mezzanine, is located in a gorgeous courtyard between the street and the Rue du Mail Paul Lelong in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 6th floor of a beautiful 17th century building with no elevator. This apartment of 50 sqm, 2 rooms and a large mezzanine, is located in a gorgeous courtyard between the street and the Rue du Mail Paul Lelong in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 6th floor of a beautiful 17th century building with no elevator car classified and can accommodate 3 people. The apartment is incredibly quiet and serene, while you are in the heart of the capital! Thanks to the large mezzanine, you can enjoy a very high ceiling, exposed beams and stone wall, giving even more character to this unusual apartment. THE LIVING-ROOM features: the cable channels and Canal +, flat screen TV, unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, a Blu-Ray DVD player, a phone with hundreds of free destinations and unlimited in call origination, Jambox blue
29880	"The flat is located in the heart of Paris.  Accessible to supermarkets, shops, bakeries, butchers’, theatres, museums and restaurants The flat is located on the 7th floor; lift up to 6th floor :-). A couple of details that I have to point out is that ""WC is located on the corridor and shared with 4 other people. My bed measures 90x200 (SHINGLE BED), I can't host  2 people ;-("" so that guest(s) who is coming is aware about it. Bed linen, towels, shampoo and shower gel are provided. Kitchen is partially equipped it is just missing a mixer but you are more than welcome to use my utensils. "	"...........::::::OH là là::::::........... Paris one of my favorites cities in Europe which offers you a full gist of French interesting art, culture, cuisine, history and more. The flat is located in the heart of Paris.  Accessible to supermarkets, shops, bakeries, butchers’, theatres, museums and restaurants The flat is located on the 7th floor; lift up to 6th floor :-). A couple of details that I have to point out is that ""WC is located on the corridor and shared with 4 other people. My bed measures 90x200 (SHINGLE BED), I can't host  2 people ;-("" so that guest(s) who is coming is aware about it. Bed linen, towels, shampoo and shower gel are provided. Kitchen is partially equipped it is just missing a mixer but you are more than welcome to use my utensils. Dear coming guests, I am flexible about check in - out time but I would like to discuss about it before we proceed with the reservation in order to do not mislead any information. Furthermore, I would like to know a little about "
29881	Eduardo et Bruno auront  le plaisir de vous accueillir dans la grande chambre ou la petite chambre de ce spacieux appartement très lumineux et idéalement place entre Montorgueil et les Grands Boulevards. Vous disposerez de la Salle de bain et de la cuisine comme vous le souhaitez Nous sommes très discrets et nous dirons vous donner 1000 conseils pour réussir votre séjour à Paris  La grande chambre vous sera entièrement réservée avec deux lits doubles.  Vous aurez bien entendu accès à la Salle de Bain et à la cuisine très bien équipée Draps, Serviettes de bains, Linges de cuisine vous seront fournis ...  Vous disposez aussi d'un accès internet haut débit et d'une TV satellite dans le salon Je suis à votre disposition pour vous donner 1000 conseils pour réussir votre séjour sur Paris. À pieds  Les grands magasins Les théâtres et es cinémas Les marchés de Montorgueil Le Musée Grevin Tout Paris en métro ... Et mieux encore en Bus ... En velib ... En autolib ....	À cinq minutes de Montorgueuil et Richelieu Drouot Grands Boulevards/Bonne Nouvelle/Sentier Dans spacieux trois pièces de 95 m2 totalement équipé : 1 grande chambre de 30 m2 1 petite chambre de 12 m2 1 très Grand séjour avec convertible  Cuisine Salle de bain Très lumineux avec 7 grandes fenêtres Eduardo et Bruno auront  le plaisir de vous accueillir dans la grande chambre ou la petite chambre de ce spacieux appartement très lumineux et idéalement place entre Montorgueil et les Grands Boulevards. Vous disposerez de la Salle de bain et de la cuisine comme vous le souhaitez Nous sommes très discrets et nous dirons vous donner 1000 conseils pour réussir votre séjour à Paris  La grande chambre vous sera entièrement réservée avec deux lits doubles.  Vous aurez bien entendu accès à la Salle de Bain et à la cuisine très bien équipée Draps, Serviettes de bains, Linges de cuisine vous seront fournis ...  Vous disposez aussi d'un accès internet haut débit et d'une TV satellite dans le salon Je s
29882	This is a 25 m2 apartment located in the centre of Paris, at 5 minutes walking from Rue Montorgueil a typical paeditrian parisian streeet. The apartment is cosntituted of a Kitchenette/Lounge with a separate bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom. The apartment is well equipped, clean, comfortable and the décor is modern.  The apartment is less than 5 mins from the metro Sentier and within walking distance of lively bars and Bistros, but is far enough from the busy street to have a quiet night’s sleep. 	This stylish and quiet apartment is ideally located next to Montorgueil Street, a typical Parisian pedestrian’s street with bistros, restaurants and cafés.  And it is also very close to Centre Pompidou centre and the Louvre Museum!  Enjoy! This is a 25 m2 apartment located in the centre of Paris, at 5 minutes walking from Rue Montorgueil a typical paeditrian parisian streeet. The apartment is cosntituted of a Kitchenette/Lounge with a separate bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom. The apartment is well equipped, clean, comfortable and the décor is modern.  The apartment is less than 5 mins from the metro Sentier and within walking distance of lively bars and Bistros, but is far enough from the busy street to have a quiet night’s sleep. 2 guests Apartment on the 3rd floor
29883	This former leather workshop preserves the fascination of the unforgettable 'belle époque' and has been modernized with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers like Charles Eames,  for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture, it has real old style cement tiles on the floor and moldings on ceilings and walls. The flat can accomodate 2 adultes ( 1 queen size bed) + 2 children ( in the sofa bed).  The loft is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 18th century. It is very quiet and safe.  The apartment features :   a living area with a sofa bed    a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped separate kitchen with Induction electric burners,  coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking plates, pans, microwave…   a dining area with a table for 2 or 4   a bedroom area  with a very confortable brand new queen size bed with a mattress + pillow top, 4 pillows    a 	"Former Leather workshop upcycled into a Arty Loft with skylight by designers. On a Cosy/quiet Courtyard. Ideal for 2 or family of 4. Near ""Le Marais"", central, trendy, 10/15min from all touristy attractions. 2 min from metro station. 30m2.    This former leather workshop preserves the fascination of the unforgettable 'belle époque' and has been modernized with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers like Charles Eames,  for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture, it has real old style cement tiles on the floor and moldings on ceilings and walls. The flat can accomodate 2 adultes ( 1 queen size bed) + 2 children ( in the sofa bed).  The loft is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 18th century. It is very quiet and safe.  The apartment features :   a living area with a sofa bed    a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped separate kitchen with Induction electr"
29884	Petit duplex de 20m2 au 2e étage (sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble du 17e siècle dans le Marais au centre de Paris, près du musée Beaubourg-Pompidou. Il a été récemment rénové et est bien équipé. Charming place with its 17th century beams, the apartment is however not for tall people,  - The 1st level is 2,10m high (living room, kitchen and bathroom)  - And the 2nd level (bedroom, toilets) is 1,70m. About transportation, it is direct from Roissy Ch de Gaulle with the RER B, up to Châtelet Les Halles station which is 5mn of walk from the apartment.  The apartment is however not for tall people, the 1st level is 2,10m high (living room, kitchen and bathroom) and the 2nd level (bedroom, toilets) is 1,70m.	Small apartment of 20m2 on the 2nd floor (without lift) of a beautiful 17th century building in the Marais district in central Paris, near the Pompidou museum. It was recently renovated and is well equipped. Petit duplex de 20m2 au 2e étage (sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble du 17e siècle dans le Marais au centre de Paris, près du musée Beaubourg-Pompidou. Il a été récemment rénové et est bien équipé. Charming place with its 17th century beams, the apartment is however not for tall people,  - The 1st level is 2,10m high (living room, kitchen and bathroom)  - And the 2nd level (bedroom, toilets) is 1,70m. About transportation, it is direct from Roissy Ch de Gaulle with the RER B, up to Châtelet Les Halles station which is 5mn of walk from the apartment.  The apartment is however not for tall people, the 1st level is 2,10m high (living room, kitchen and bathroom) and the 2nd level (bedroom, toilets) is 1,70m. About transportation, it is direct from Roissy Ch de Gaulle with the RER B, up 
29885	// A 5-ROOM SHARED FLAT IN HAUSSMANNN BUILDING // SPINNING ON SOUTH FACING BALCONY ACROSS 9 WINDOWS	// 1 ROOM IN A 5-ROOM SHARED HAUSSMANNIEN PARISIAN FLAT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS (2ND DISTRICT - MONTORGEUIL/SAINT-DENIS/SENTIER/BONNE-NOUVELLE)  + ON THE GO MOBILE INTERNET SIM CARD INCLUDED // A 5-ROOM SHARED FLAT IN HAUSSMANNN BUILDING // SPINNING ON SOUTH FACING BALCONY ACROSS 9 WINDOWS // 1 FURNISHED ROOM IN A 5-ROOM FLAT SHARING APARTMENT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS (2ND DISTRICT) // HUGE LIVING-ROOM WITH A PROJECTOR AS A TV // FULLY EQUIPPED KITCHEN WITH DISHWASHER  // 2 BATHROOMS WITH WASHING MACHINE  // 1 TOILET 7 days / 7 L’OASIS D’ABOUKIR > Metro/Subway station - Ligne 3 : Sentier  - Ligne 4 : Réaumur  - Ligne 8 et 9 : Bonne Nouvelle  - Ligne 1 : Louvre-Rivoli  > Bus stop - Bus 20 - Sentier ou Poissonnière/Bonne Nouvelle - Bus 29 - Etienne Marcel - Montmartre - Bus 39 - Sentier ou Poissonnière/Bonne Nouvelle - Bus 67 - Réaumur/Montmartre - Bus 74 - Réaumur/Montmartre - Bus 85 - Réaumur/Montmartre THE place to be downtown in Paris
29886	A functional and comfortable studio in the heart of PARIS, the neighborhood of Paris, the most Trendy and Fashion located in a nice quiet and tree-lined street . Ideal for a small romantic getaway weekend in the most beautiful city in the world.  You will quickly feel like a true Parisian in its nest. Ideally located in the heart of Paris within walking distance of major historical places in Paris (Place des Vosges , Place de la Bastille , Place de la République etc ...) this apartment has a comfortable living room with a sofa-bed for 2 people. A small kitchen with fridge, coffee machine, toaster , kettle etc ... The bathroom has a new shower , sink and toilet. You will also have at your disposal everything you need to stay connected with the world, free wireless internet access, cable TV. Many museums are installed as the Picasso Museum, the museum of “La Monnaie”, the Carnavalet museum etc ... During the weekend a large part of this area is pedestrianized and shops are open on Sunday	"Cosy and comfortable studio located in the heart of Paris in the area ""Montorgueil"", and its streets international renowned both for its history and for its shopping. Ideal for a getaway weekend as a couple in the city of light. A functional and comfortable studio in the heart of PARIS, the neighborhood of Paris, the most Trendy and Fashion located in a nice quiet and tree-lined street . Ideal for a small romantic getaway weekend in the most beautiful city in the world.  You will quickly feel like a true Parisian in its nest. Ideally located in the heart of Paris within walking distance of major historical places in Paris (Place des Vosges , Place de la Bastille , Place de la République etc ...) this apartment has a comfortable living room with a sofa-bed for 2 people. A small kitchen with fridge, coffee machine, toaster , kettle etc ... The bathroom has a new shower , sink and toilet. You will also have at your disposal everything you need to stay connected with the world, free wirele"
29887	This 5p loft style apartment has a terrace to take a morning coffee. In Paris center of Paris, 1 minute walk of the subway Réaumur-Sébastopol (line 3 and line 4), at 2 minutes of the subway Strasbourg-Saint-Denis (line 8, line 9) and at 5 minutes of the subway Arts and Métiers  (line 11).  With the intersection of 2nd, 3rd and 10th district.  Access:  - Airport Charles de Gaule - Roissy (40min)  - Airport Orly (40 min)  - Gare du Nord - Eurostar - Gare de l'Est (10min)  Walks in the district and its roofed passageways: very good restaurants, bars, a market of fresh produce each day, and all the shops which you will be able to need (bakery, butchery, pastry making, grocer, supermarket, pharmacy, banks, early product, fishmonger, cheese monger…) as well as very many theatres.  In the middle of the district of Montorgueil, you are within walking distance of the Marais, the Halles,  the Grands Boulevards. And direct access to Pigalle, Les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette), l'Ile de la c	This 5p loft style apartment has a terrace to take a morning coffee. In Paris center of Paris, 1 minute walk of the subway Réaumur-Sébastopol (line 3 and line 4), at 2 minutes of the subway Strasbourg-Saint-Denis (line 8, line 9) and at 5 minutes of the subway Arts and Métiers  (line 11).  With the intersection of 2nd, 3rd and 10th district.  Access:  - Airport Charles de Gaule - Roissy (40min)  - Airport Orly (40 min)  - Gare du Nord - Eurostar - Gare de l'Est (10min)  Walks in the district and its roofed passageways: very good restaurants, bars, a market of fresh produce each day, and all the shops which you will be able to need (bakery, butchery, pastry making, grocer, supermarket, pharmacy, banks, early product, fishmonger, cheese monger…) as well as very many theatres.  In the middle of the district of Montorgueil, you are within walking distance of the Marais, the Halles,  the Grands Boulevards. And direct access to Pigalle, Les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette), l'Ile de la c
29888		You will enjoy the highest quality bed and the silence of this all equipped apartment in the best area of central Paris. Discover the city by walking and chose between having diner out or chilling at home, or both.
29889		Au coeur historique de Paris proche du Louvre, de l'Opéra, des Grands Magasins et du Marais, un nid douillet, au calme sur cour, typique mais fonctionnel. Be welcome to visit Paris and stay in my flat, in the city center, next to the Louvre! Benvenuti a Parigi nell centro città! Wifi Quartier Montorgueil, Chatelet-Les Halles, Le Louvre, Opéra. Transports RER ( A, B ( aéroports:Roissy et Orly), D1), Métro (3, 4, 1) et Bus ( (phone number hidden)ème etage sans ascenseur/ 3rd floor without elevator
29890	At the heart of Paris between Opéra and Palais Royal, in a building renovated century du18ème secure code and the second gate with intercom and videophone, this large studio is ideally located. Covering an area of 29 m², very quiet courtyard on the first floor with elevator has just been completely redone. Tastefully decorated it retains its original beams and oak flooring. It consists of some room with queen size bed (160 X 190 cm), large closet, sea grass floor, part living room with equipped kitchen: fridge with freezer, stove, kettle, microwave oven, table and chairs for 4 people, a bathroom / WC with walk-in shower and a small laundry with washing machine, vacuum cleaner, iron and ironing board. The apartment has a WIFI and ADSL Internet connection and a stereo with USB and cable TV. And that only adds to its charm is undoubtedly the small terrace of 4 m² with table and chairs where you can in sandstones of the seasons, have breakfast, read and enjoy the the sun. Electric heating,	At the heart of Paris between Opéra and Palais Royal, in a building renovated century du18ème secure code and the second gate with intercom and videophone, this large studio is ideally located. Covering an area of 29 m², very quiet courtyard on the first floor with elevator has just been completely redone. Tastefully decorated it retains its original beams and oak flooring. It consists of some room with queen size bed (160 X 190 cm), large closet, sea grass floor, part living room with equipped kitchen: fridge with freezer, stove, kettle, microwave oven, table and chairs for 4 people, a bathroom / WC with walk-in shower and a small laundry with washing machine, vacuum cleaner, iron and ironing board. The apartment has a WIFI and ADSL Internet connection and a stereo with USB and cable TV. And that only adds to its charm is undoubtedly the small terrace of 4 m² with table and chairs where you can in sandstones of the seasons, have breakfast, read and enjoy the the sun. Electric heating,
29891	FURNISHED apartment for rent immediately in one of the famost street in Paris : Rue montorgueil Totally redone new in January : new carpet, new furnitures (sofa bed), bedroom new (bed, matress, bedsides tables...) Located in the Trendy MONTORGUEIL district - PARIS 2eme - METRO: SENTIER (or CHATELET LES HALLES just a little further)  The DISTRICT : the apt is In the heart of the village Montorgueil, the most typical parisian area with cafes, very nice restaurants, vegetables markets.... very central (10mn by walk to the Louvre, Opéra and Le Marais) and very safe, Montorgueil is also the heart of the fashion. You most certainly will be charmed by the village feel of the Montorgueil quarter ! 50meters from the metro Sentier and 5mn from the metro Chatelet-Les Hammes & RER B. The APPARTMENT : 2nd floor with modern lift. Totally re decorated with care: 1 bedroom with brand new High Quality Double bed 160 with storage, 1 leaving room with a new sofabed (2 sleeps), new plasma TV, DVD, wifi, f	L'appartement est situé en plein coeur de Paris et de la Rue Montorgueil, il suffit de sortir pour pouvoir découvrir et profiter de l'ambiance de la rue, des cafés, restaurants, commerces de bouches.... FURNISHED apartment for rent immediately in one of the famost street in Paris : Rue montorgueil Totally redone new in January : new carpet, new furnitures (sofa bed), bedroom new (bed, matress, bedsides tables...) Located in the Trendy MONTORGUEIL district - PARIS 2eme - METRO: SENTIER (or CHATELET LES HALLES just a little further)  The DISTRICT : the apt is In the heart of the village Montorgueil, the most typical parisian area with cafes, very nice restaurants, vegetables markets.... very central (10mn by walk to the Louvre, Opéra and Le Marais) and very safe, Montorgueil is also the heart of the fashion. You most certainly will be charmed by the village feel of the Montorgueil quarter ! 50meters from the metro Sentier and 5mn from the metro Chatelet-Les Hammes & RER B. The APPARTMENT
29892	In the heart of Montorgueil, pedestrian and fashion area in the Centre of Paris with plenty restaurants, cafés, food stores nearby Marais, Halles, Place des Victoires, Palais Royal, Opéra, this flat on the 3rd floor has been renovated and decorated as a luxury hotel suite. The flat is fully equipped : TV, DVD Blue Ray HD, dish washer, washing and drying machine, microwave, free WIFI, internationals calls unlimited for fixed lines, kitchen with dishes and ustensils, coffee machine... Its ideal location in the perfect area allows to walk to the main sites of Paris.  RER and metros stations are very close to. After intense days to visit, great bedding (160x200) will allow you to have peaceful and quiet nights.	In the heart of Montorgueil, pedestrian and fashion area in the Centre of Paris with plenty restaurants, cafés, food stores nearby Marais, Halles, Place des Victoires, Palais Royal, Opéra, this flat on the 3rd floor has been renovated and decorated as a luxury hotel suite. The flat is fully equipped : TV, DVD Blue Ray HD, dish washer, washing and drying machine, microwave, free WIFI, internationals calls unlimited for fixed lines, kitchen with dishes and ustensils, coffee machine... Its ideal location in the perfect area allows to walk to the main sites of Paris.  RER and metros stations are very close to. After intense days to visit, great bedding (160x200) will allow you to have peaceful and quiet nights.
29893	-Studio for 3 people Beautiful modern-STUDIO 16m2 mezzanine -Floor: 1st without lift Rue d'Aboukir 75002 Paris Metro-path (line 3) Located 5minute-Etienne Marcel Metro Line 4 and Chatelet Les Halles RER subway line (phone number hidden) (A, B, D) -In the heart of Paris at 50 meters from the pedestrian Montorgueil. The apartment is 10/15 minutes walk up the Seine, the Louvre, the Pompidou Center, Notre Dame, department stores and very accessible by public transport. The area, one of the oldest and most historic Paris is known for its restaurants, bars, its lively side for its stores and mouth is 2 steps from designer boutiques instead of victories. -Mezzanine: Bed Japanese 160x200 -Meridian: 90X190 -Kitchen: 2 hot plates, 1 sink, 1 refrigerator, 1 microwave, 1 coffee, 1 kettle, 1 toaster -The district: It is located in a very popular area of the city, you will not miss a stroll on rue Montorgueil where you will find a wide choice of cafes and restaurants, as well as many traders. It is 	-Studio for 3 people Beautiful modern-STUDIO 16m2 mezzanine -Floor: 1st without lift Rue d'Aboukir 75002 Paris Metro-path (line 3) Located 5minute-Etienne Marcel Metro Line 4 and Chatelet Les Halles RER subway line (phone number hidden) (A, B, D) -In the heart of Paris at 50 meters from the pedestrian Montorgueil. The apartment is 10/15 minutes walk up the Seine, the Louvre, the Pompidou Center, Notre Dame, department stores and very accessible by public transport. The area, one of the oldest and most historic Paris is known for its restaurants, bars, its lively side for its stores and mouth is 2 steps from designer boutiques instead of victories. -Mezzanine: Bed Japanese 160x200 -Meridian: 90X190 -Kitchen: 2 hot plates, 1 sink, 1 refrigerator, 1 microwave, 1 coffee, 1 kettle, 1 toaster -The district: It is located in a very popular area of the city, you will not miss a stroll on rue Montorgueil where you will find a wide choice of cafes and restaurants, as well as many traders. It is 
29894	"This 19-sqm studio is a real gem in the middle of Paris. A compact and finely disposed space, entirely renovated just recently, with lots of care and attention to the details. Despite the central location the apartment is very silent and bright. There is a fast and reliable Wifi connection, however you will not find a TV. No washing machine either, but in case you need to wash/dry your clothes during your stay there is a laundromat just around the corner.  The kitchen is well equipped, with a nespresso coffee machine, as well as an ""american"" coffee maker, kettle, toaster, oven, cooktop, fridge and dishwasher. Everything one may need to have good meals. The building dates back to 1664 and the whole structure is perfectly in order, including the picturesque stairway. Important to highlight that the apartment is on the 5th floor and there is no elevator. So be prepared to face the long way up (approx. 110 steps). Try to pack light as much as possible, but in case you need help with a hea"	"Newly renovated and finely finished studio in the heart of Paris. Just a few steps away from the world famous Opéra Garnier and other main touristic spots. Great choice for your stay in Paris. This 19-sqm studio is a real gem in the middle of Paris. A compact and finely disposed space, entirely renovated just recently, with lots of care and attention to the details. Despite the central location the apartment is very silent and bright. There is a fast and reliable Wifi connection, however you will not find a TV. No washing machine either, but in case you need to wash/dry your clothes during your stay there is a laundromat just around the corner.  The kitchen is well equipped, with a nespresso coffee machine, as well as an ""american"" coffee maker, kettle, toaster, oven, cooktop, fridge and dishwasher. Everything one may need to have good meals. The building dates back to 1664 and the whole structure is perfectly in order, including the picturesque stairway. Important to highlight that th"
29895	Très bel Appartement Familial de 130m2 en plein Coeur de Paris, entre Grands Boulevards et Montorgueil, 3 chambres, 2 Salles de bain, Cuisine américaine ainsi qu'un Salon / Salle à manger de 40m2.	Appartement de 130m2 entièrement refait à neuf parquet moulures en plein centre de Paris proche Montorgueil Opéra Grands Boulevards composé d'un sejour avec cuisine américaine de 3 grandes chambres d'une immense salle de bains dressing. WIFI écran plat... Très bel Appartement Familial de 130m2 en plein Coeur de Paris, entre Grands Boulevards et Montorgueil, 3 chambres, 2 Salles de bain, Cuisine américaine ainsi qu'un Salon / Salle à manger de 40m2. Très calme, lumineux et entièrement équipé, vous disposerez d'un grand séjour avec écran plat et système audio sans fil haute qualité, d'une cuisine américaine composée d'un four d'un lave vaisselle d'une plaque vitro céramique et d'une machine Nespresso ainsi que de nombreux robots ménagers. Vous disposerez également d'un coin buanderie avec lave linge, sèche-linge, frigidaire et congélateur supplémentaires. L'appartement est composé de trois grandes chambres:  - Chambre 1: Chambre parentale composée d'un grand lit, un bureau et de nombreux
29896	The super-market 3 min work The metro 2 min work There are a wide variety of restaurants on the same street, Chinese, Korean, Italian, French, Thai... For those fashion baby, the famous Marais District is the best choice for the shopping.   	Paris Stay Marais - Dream and private studio located in the center of Paris's famous Marais District, just 200 meters away from the most popular Montorgueil street. Our studio has a TV and Free WIFI. Fully equipped open kitchen, has a fridge, oven，cooker，micro-wave，and all the dishes and cooking utensils. The super-market 3 min work The metro 2 min work There are a wide variety of restaurants on the same street, Chinese, Korean, Italian, French, Thai... For those fashion baby, the famous Marais District is the best choice for the shopping. By subway: Subway services: Line 3 or 4 Reaumur-Sebastopol Station Just a 2-minute walk from the station to our apartment. For those traveling from airport CDG, our apartment is approximately a 50 minute trip on the subway: RER B 10 stations to GARE DU NORD, and change the line 4, 5 stations to Reaumur-Sebastopol. By car Ideally placed in central Paris,  40 min from the airport CDG 15 min from the train station: Gare de Lyon and Gare du Montparnasse 
29897	Appartement situé au 2ième étage d'un immeuble parisien du 17ème siècle, avec ascenseur, accolé au Théâtre de la Gaîté Lyrique.  Votre appartement a été entièrement rénové en 2012 et dispose de meubles vintage soigneusement choisis pour faire ressortir le charme et le caractère du lieu.	Séjourner dans le Centre de Paris et vivez comme un vrai Parisien. Idéalement conçu pour une petite famille en séjour, l'appartement peut parfaitement convenir pour deux couples ou quelques amis!          Appartement situé au 2ième étage d'un immeuble parisien du 17ème siècle, avec ascenseur, accolé au Théâtre de la Gaîté Lyrique.  Votre appartement a été entièrement rénové en 2012 et dispose de meubles vintage soigneusement choisis pour faire ressortir le charme et le caractère du lieu. Internet haut débit (WIFI) - TV écran plat inclus Pack Chaînes Internationales- Lit double (160 cm x 200 cm) - Cuisine équipée – Bouilloire - Lave-vaisselle - Machine à café - Réfrigérateur - Four - Micro-Ondes - Grille-pain - Sèche-cheveux - Fer à repasser - Serviettes et draps sont fournis La chambre a un lit double (160 x 200 cm) et est situé sur la cour de l’immeuble au calme absolu.  La salle de bain moderne avec douche à l'italienne, lave-linge et sèche linge. WC. Une équipe de ménage professionn
29898		studio a louer en plein centre de paris divers bar et sorti dans le secteur a deux minutes de chatelet grand boulevard et en plein centre rue pietones tout au tour du studio rue montergueil a 2min .. vie aces nocturne
29899	"The flat is situated in the historical heart of Paris, in ""the Montorgueil district"", it's a cosy apartment ideal for a couple or one person Perfect for a short stay  All the comfort you need.  On the first floor of an old building, without elevator."	"The flat is situated in the historical heart of Paris, in ""the Montorgueil district"". It's a cosy apartment ideal for a couple or one person. Perfect for a short stay. On the first floor of an old building, without elevator          The flat is situated in the historical heart of Paris, in ""the Montorgueil district"", it's a cosy apartment ideal for a couple or one person Perfect for a short stay  All the comfort you need.  On the first floor of an old building, without elevator. You will find all you need in the apartment: wifi, TV, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with WC, bed for two people, linens, towels. Check-in at 2pm or later. Check-out at 11am or earlier. The cleaning is included before and after.  I could keep your luggage somewhere if you need.   If you want to experience an authentic and colourful Paris, do not miss the Montorgueil district. Just five minutes from Châtelet, this pedestrian street is the paradise of food lovers and is ideal to discover the authentic Paris. R"
29900	En plein coeur de paris dans un endroit historique, ,studio entièrement refait a neuf , lumineux avec une grande fenêtre  et avec salle de bain et wc ,wifi,cuisine avec frigidaire micro ondes et plaques électrique grand lit comfortable avec possibilité de deux lits séparés   proche des commerces, des musées , des stations métro, RER, bus et vélib... a deux pas de la rue montorgueil idéale pour ses restaurants , son shopping et ses activités nocturnes il y a plein de petits restaurants très agréables et très bon rapport qualité/prix le studio se trouve dans le plus vieux et le plus grand passage parisien l'ambiance y est très sympathique et l'emplacement est stratégique pour accéder a tous les sites et monuments parisiens il y a a disposition une paire d'enceinte pour ordinateur ou appareil de musique  je suis a l'écoute de toutes vos demandes pour vous rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible 	En plein coeur de paris dans un endroit historique, ,studio entièrement refait a neuf , lumineux avec une grande fenêtre  et avec salle de bain et wc ,wifi,cuisine avec frigidaire micro ondes et plaques électrique grand lit comfortable avec possibilité de deux lits séparés   proche des commerces, des musées , des stations métro, RER, bus et vélib... a deux pas de la rue montorgueil idéale pour ses restaurants , son shopping et ses activités nocturnes il y a plein de petits restaurants très agréables et très bon rapport qualité/prix le studio se trouve dans le plus vieux et le plus grand passage parisien l'ambiance y est très sympathique et l'emplacement est stratégique pour accéder a tous les sites et monuments parisiens il y a a disposition une paire d'enceinte pour ordinateur ou appareil de musique  je suis a l'écoute de toutes vos demandes pour vous rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible 
29901	NEW & CENTRAL : 5 SLEEPS Apartment in MONTORGUEIL AREA ! This beautiful 42 square meters 2 Bathrooms 2 WC apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris, 'rue de Cléry' Paris 2. Situated in the Montorgueil neighbourhood, you will enjoy this shopping district very typical : traditional restaurants, sidewalk cafés, food trades, groceries, bakers (croissants, baguettes).. This famous quarter is a lively and pedestrianized area, very rare in Paris. Apartment completely refurbished this year, elegant and spacious, decorated with all modern convenience (TV, Internet directly on TV, wifi, free calls..) and luxury, and it sleeps 5 people. The bedding is new and of excellent quality. The apartmentis on the second floor only. Its central localisation is perfect to go for a walk and discover the charm of Paris. On foot, you get to district of Beaubourg and its museum of modern Art : 'Le Centre Pompidou', Châtelet-Les Halles, the banks of the Seine, Notre Dame and l'Ile de la Cité, the Louvre 	Apartment completely refurbished in 2012, decorated with all modern convenience. Situated in the Montorgueil area, you will enjoy this shopping district very typical : traditional restaurants, sidewalk cafés, food trades, groceries, famous bakeries.. NEW & CENTRAL : 5 SLEEPS Apartment in MONTORGUEIL AREA ! This beautiful 42 square meters 2 Bathrooms 2 WC apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris, 'rue de Cléry' Paris 2. Situated in the Montorgueil neighbourhood, you will enjoy this shopping district very typical : traditional restaurants, sidewalk cafés, food trades, groceries, bakers (croissants, baguettes).. This famous quarter is a lively and pedestrianized area, very rare in Paris. Apartment completely refurbished this year, elegant and spacious, decorated with all modern convenience (TV, Internet directly on TV, wifi, free calls..) and luxury, and it sleeps 5 people. The bedding is new and of excellent quality. The apartmentis on the second floor only. Its central localis
29902	This  flat of 120 sqm has been recently renovated by an architect and designed for a 4 people family, 5 people can live there, it  is modern and design. It is composed of  - one 60sqm living room with american kitchen and bar very sunny as it is south oriented,  - one parental suite with a 200X180cm bed and a design bathroom with shower, tub and toilets - one twin bed room with 2 beds of 200X90 cm (one is hidden under the other during the day, you can't put them at the same level) with a bathroom with shower - one bedroom with one bed of 200X90cm. A baby cot is available on request. You have to take a stair to go to the parental room, and you can access the flat with an elevator plus climbing some stairs. This is he ideal place for a family or 2 couples Paris lovers or discoverers. Enjoy :-)	"Calm and central, 10 mn away from Louvre, Notre-Dame, ... 5 metro lines available, 100m away from the most typical and charming pedestrian streets of ""le vieux Paris"", bars and restaurants, trendy night life area, clothes designers,  enjoy Paris ! This  flat of 120 sqm has been recently renovated by an architect and designed for a 4 people family, 5 people can live there, it  is modern and design. It is composed of  - one 60sqm living room with american kitchen and bar very sunny as it is south oriented,  - one parental suite with a 200X180cm bed and a design bathroom with shower, tub and toilets - one twin bed room with 2 beds of 200X90 cm (one is hidden under the other during the day, you can't put them at the same level) with a bathroom with shower - one bedroom with one bed of 200X90cm. A baby cot is available on request. You have to take a stair to go to the parental room, and you can access the flat with an elevator plus climbing some stairs. This is he ideal place for a family o"
29903	"APARTMENT: This 32 m 2 studio is located in ""le sentier"", and overlooks the courtyard of the ""Mozart House"". This bright apartment has 3 large windows which leads to the courtyard garden of the building where you can enjoy the sound of the foutain's runoff. The kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a ceramic hob, an oven, crockery and kitchenware of any kind. The bathroom includes a bath, a toilet and a washbasin. The Court is very quiet (surrounded by offices which are empty at night), treed and decorated with a nice fountain. Are also available: clean sheets duvet cushions towels hair dryer kitchen utensils WiFi machine washing THE DISTRICT The 2nd District is one of the main districts, which facilitates the discovery of Paris. The nearest metro station is Sentier (line 3). This line serves stations such as Opera and Republic. In 5 min walk, you will be at station Reaumure Sebastopole (4 lines), direct to St Germain des Prés, Montparnasse or Gare de l'Est. At 10 Min walk, you will find "	"32m2 studio in the heart of Paris. Very quiet, overlooking courtyard. Close to famous Paris tourist attractions and transports. Neighborhood Montorgueil and Grand Boulevards. APARTMENT: This 32 m 2 studio is located in ""le sentier"", and overlooks the courtyard of the ""Mozart House"". This bright apartment has 3 large windows which leads to the courtyard garden of the building where you can enjoy the sound of the foutain's runoff. The kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a ceramic hob, an oven, crockery and kitchenware of any kind. The bathroom includes a bath, a toilet and a washbasin. The Court is very quiet (surrounded by offices which are empty at night), treed and decorated with a nice fountain. Are also available: clean sheets duvet cushions towels hair dryer kitchen utensils WiFi machine washing THE DISTRICT The 2nd District is one of the main districts, which facilitates the discovery of Paris. The nearest metro station is Sentier (line 3). This line serves stations such as Opera a"
29904		Au coeur de Paris, parallèle à la célèbre rue Montorgueil. A deux minutes à pied des lieux phares de Paris. Nous vous proposons un appartement de 45m2 : 2 chambres, 3 lits, 1 canapé, cuisine équipée, lave-vaisselle, salle de bain, connexion wifi
29905	It has all the confort you need, and is ideal for a couple or one person. Of course I’ll be present to welcome you and provide you with the keys and all the information you may need, like specific tips or recommendations on the places to visit, where to have dinner, where to go out,… Guests have access to the whole flat. Clean towels and sheets, Wifi, TV, equipped kitchen, washing machine, and everything you need! 	Enjoy this loft in the heart of Paris! Perfectly located in “Le Sentier”, walking distance from rue Montorgueil, Opera, Grands Magasins, it is a quiet flat with a large living room, a separated kitchen, a bathroom, and the night area in a mezzanine. It has all the confort you need, and is ideal for a couple or one person. Of course I’ll be present to welcome you and provide you with the keys and all the information you may need, like specific tips or recommendations on the places to visit, where to have dinner, where to go out,… Guests have access to the whole flat. Clean towels and sheets, Wifi, TV, equipped kitchen, washing machine, and everything you need! 
29906	Perfect central location in trendy neighborhood Very bright, newly refurbished and full of charm	Newly refurbished, charming studio flat in central Paris, with lots of natural light!  21 sqm, with separate bathroom and kitchen Double sofa-bed, perfectly accommodates 2, possibility of accommodating an extra person (child) Perfect location!  Perfect central location in trendy neighborhood Very bright, newly refurbished and full of charm Entire studio Your host lives in a flat above the listed property, and is therefore always present for all-round support if needed Very central Parisian location within the young and trendy 2nd arrondissement Very close to major sights (Louvre), but still tucked away from the tourist crowds Pedestrian-friendly, brimming with shops, restaurants and bars  Village feeling METRO Sentier across the street METRO Bonne Nouvelle 5 mins away METRO / RER Chatelet Les Halles 12 mins away VELIB station across the street AUTOLIB station at doorstep Bed linen and towels are provided. The kitchen is fully equipped. A baby bed can be provided free of charge.
29907	"Welcome in Paris!  25m2 apartment in the heart of Paris perfect for two persons who wants to enjoy Paris like Parisians!  The home is on the first floor. One lovely bedroom for two persons  (a real mattress 140x200cm) with cupboards. An open kitchen with washing machine, fridge, boiler, coffee maker, oven and tools for a chef!  A bathroom with toilets and a bath (hair dryer) A sunny living room with a sofa (internet wifi) The home is decorated with antic furnitures It's a very quiet apartment with a view of the yard and the patio with all the bamboos.  The home Is in the pedestrian area you will found :  Good restaurants like ""chez Poulette' or ""Frenchie"", french brasserie, italian restaurant, sushi bar or japanese restaurants. Shops (clothes,famous second hand shops, concept stores, beauty/make-up/parfume) Pastries and bakeries (one is only with organic products), chocolate shops.... Wine shops, supermarkets, pharmacy, fresh market, cheese shops, vegetable and fruits shops... Nice cof"	"Lovely one bedroom home in the center of Paris.  Quiet and sunny with a view of the yard. The home is decorated with antic furnitures. Close by walk from Opera, museums (Beaubourg, Louvre). In the block lot of shops, market and delicious restaurants! Welcome in Paris!  25m2 apartment in the heart of Paris perfect for two persons who wants to enjoy Paris like Parisians!  The home is on the first floor. One lovely bedroom for two persons  (a real mattress 140x200cm) with cupboards. An open kitchen with washing machine, fridge, boiler, coffee maker, oven and tools for a chef!  A bathroom with toilets and a bath (hair dryer) A sunny living room with a sofa (internet wifi) The home is decorated with antic furnitures It's a very quiet apartment with a view of the yard and the patio with all the bamboos.  The home Is in the pedestrian area you will found :  Good restaurants like ""chez Poulette' or ""Frenchie"", french brasserie, italian restaurant, sushi bar or japanese restaurants. Shops (clot"
29908		Spacious and quiet, entirely renovated 6 month ago. 1  bedroom. 1  bathroom with bathtub. 1 open kitchen  fully equipped  A wall of 4 windows is overlooking on a quiet courtyard
29909	Renovated in 2011 the fully equiped appartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris to enjoy the top sites. This apartment have 2 large windows ans a high ceiling providing a nice enlightenment.	"In the heart of Paris (75002) this 20 m2 apartment is fully equiped : kitchen (+washing machine), restroom, shower, king size bed, flat screen TV, free Internet. Second floor. 200 meters from Sentier Metro station. Trendy neighborhood. Renovated in 2011 the fully equiped appartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris to enjoy the top sites. This apartment have 2 large windows ans a high ceiling providing a nice enlightenment. The appartment is fully equiped with a kitchen, you can prepare your own food, food market is close by. Also linen and towels are provided. Free high speed Internet (Wifi) enables you to communicate easily. It's a very attractive neighborhood with lots of boutiques, restaurants, bars. You are 200 meters from the famous Montorgeuil street renowned for his food store. As it is in the center of Paris all the top sites are easily accessible. Nearest metro station ""Sentier"" is less than 200 meters from the appartment. Châtelet- Les Halles is a 10 minutes walk. I w"
29910	A 20 m² studio including a private bathroom and toilette and a small kitchen fully equiped (stove, mini-oven, fridge). The main room has a double bed and  a dining table.  It has a TV and wifi included.	Paris centre! In the center of Paris! 10 min from the Louvre. 50 mètres de la Bourse et du quartier Montorgeuil.  2ème étage dans un immeuble ancien/2nd floor in 18th century building Métro Grands Boulevard (lignes 8 et 9) et Bourse (ligne 3) A 20 m² studio including a private bathroom and toilette and a small kitchen fully equiped (stove, mini-oven, fridge). The main room has a double bed and  a dining table.  It has a TV and wifi included. You'll have your own private bathroom and your own private kitchen. If you have any questions while you're staying in our appartment, don't hesitate to contact us. You'll be next to the Montorgueil, a very hip quarter with a lot of restaurants and clubs. You'll be in the center of Paris, so you'll find yourself walking to the main tourist sites. You'll have three métro stations less than 5 minutes away, so you'll be able to move easily around Paris. You'll be 10 minutes away walking from les Halles train station that connects you to the two main ai
29911	In the very center, and very quiet! 	Flat in the center of Paris, very quiet.  24 m2 4th floor (no elevator) All subway and RER (train) in zone. Very close Les Halles, Louvre or Pompidou museums. A lot of shops. The flat is small but very cozy, with two windows on south side. It is my flay, with my stuff, so I demand that the host respect this and leave the flat clean (dishes for examples). I give clean sheets and towels. In the very center, and very quiet! all the flat U r the welcome! a lot of shops and museums Foot, subway, bus
29912		Duplex lumineux avec poutres apparentes, donne une vue sur les toits de Paris, véritable petit cocon au cœur du quartier piéton de Montorgueil. Parfait pour un couple ! Je serai présente pour vous accueillir puis pour récupérer les clés à la fin de votre séjour Métro ligne 1, 3 et 4 à proximité, divers parkings dans le quartier
29913	Cet appartement en plein centre de Paris est idéalement placé : dans le quartier Montorgueil, la rue piétonne la plus en vogue de Paris. A cinq minutes à pied de la station Chatelet-Les Halles. Direct en Rer B si vous venez de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle ou d'Orly, proche des métros trois, sept, huit neuf, Stations Vélib' et Autolib' à 100m. Ce studio de 15m² est très agréable, avec des poutres apparentes, donnant sur une rue semi-piétonne, ses commerces et un supermarché au bout de la rue ouvert jusqu'à minuit. Cet appartement est situé au 3ième étage d'un immeuble du XVIIIe siècle. Il est composé d'une pièce principale contenant un futon double, d'une table basse, d'une télévision hd et d'un accès internet illimité haut débit avec WIFI gratuit. Il dispose d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et d'un WC. Vous pourrez profiter d'une cuisine ouverte tout équipement avec plaques vitrocéramiques, réfrigérateur, congélateur, four micro-ondes et cafetière italienne. Vous disposerez aussi d'u	Cet appartement en plein centre de Paris est idéalement placé : dans le quartier Montorgueil, la rue piétonne la plus en vogue de Paris. A cinq minutes à pied de la station Chatelet-Les Halles. Cet appartement en plein centre de Paris est idéalement placé : dans le quartier Montorgueil, la rue piétonne la plus en vogue de Paris. A cinq minutes à pied de la station Chatelet-Les Halles. Direct en Rer B si vous venez de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle ou d'Orly, proche des métros trois, sept, huit neuf, Stations Vélib' et Autolib' à 100m. Ce studio de 15m² est très agréable, avec des poutres apparentes, donnant sur une rue semi-piétonne, ses commerces et un supermarché au bout de la rue ouvert jusqu'à minuit. Cet appartement est situé au 3ième étage d'un immeuble du XVIIIe siècle. Il est composé d'une pièce principale contenant un futon double, d'une table basse, d'une télévision hd et d'un accès internet illimité haut débit avec WIFI gratuit. Il dispose d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et
29914	The apartment was renovated with modern and design style. Located in the area of le Sentier (2nd district), it is very near Montorgueil area (5min.walk), le Marrais and Canal Saint Martin (10 min walk). You can easily walk to Montorgueil street and it's restaurants and bars, Pompidou museum, shoping areas, many theaters, Grevin wax mueum, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, le Louvre, and much more... The apartment is 53sqm and is perfect for a couple. It includes: - open kitchen fully equiped (oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher...) - living room with wide screen TV (many international chanels) - table with 4 chairs - comfortable bedroom with queen size bed (160cm)  - modern bathroom High speed internet is available through WiFi. Towels and bedsheets are provided. The apartment is near  the metro stations : Réaumur Sébastopol (1min walk) or Chatelet les Halles (8min walk). 	This apartment is quiet and very central. The apartment was renovated with modern and design style. Located in the area of le Sentier, it is very near Montorgueil area, le Marrais and Canal Saint Martin. The apartment was renovated with modern and design style. Located in the area of le Sentier (2nd district), it is very near Montorgueil area (5min.walk), le Marrais and Canal Saint Martin (10 min walk). You can easily walk to Montorgueil street and it's restaurants and bars, Pompidou museum, shoping areas, many theaters, Grevin wax mueum, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, le Louvre, and much more... The apartment is 53sqm and is perfect for a couple. It includes: - open kitchen fully equiped (oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher...) - living room with wide screen TV (many international chanels) - table with 4 chairs - comfortable bedroom with queen size bed (160cm)  - modern bathroom High speed internet is available through WiFi. Towels and bedsheets are provided. The apartment is near  the m
29915	THE APARTMENT: The Louvre Parisian two bedroom apartment is located in a 17th century hotel de particulier steps from the Louvre, Opera Garnier, Tuileries and the Place Vendome. There are 2 bedrooms one with a queen bed and the second with 2 twin beds. This stylishly decorated apartment has a blend of classical antiques and modern pieces. The apartment has a living room and one full bathroom with a shower/tub and sink and separate toilet (WC). The apartment is quiet and lots of old parisian charm... THE NEIGHBORHOOD: The center of contemporary Paris and the site of such landmarks as the Louvre and of the Tuileries and Palais-Royal, the 1st Arrondissement is full of attractions for travelers of all inclinations, including some of the finest parks, museums, shops, and bars in the city. The 1st occupies the Right Bank of the River Seine and extends onto the western section of the Île de la Cité in the midst of the river.	THE APARTMENT: The Louvre Parisian two bedroom apartment is located in a 17th century hotel de particulier steps from the Louvre, Opera Garnier, Tuileries and the Place Vendome. There are 2 bedrooms one with a queen bed and the second with 2 twin beds. This stylishly decorated apartment has a blend of classical antiques and modern pieces. The apartment has a living room and one full bathroom with a shower/tub and sink and separate toilet (WC). The apartment is quiet and lots of old parisian charm... THE NEIGHBORHOOD: The center of contemporary Paris and the site of such landmarks as the Louvre and of the Tuileries and Palais-Royal, the 1st Arrondissement is full of attractions for travelers of all inclinations, including some of the finest parks, museums, shops, and bars in the city. The 1st occupies the Right Bank of the River Seine and extends onto the western section of the Île de la Cité in the midst of the river. The whole apartment will be yours during the stay. 24 x 7 Customer S
29916	Really functionnal appt : - 1 living room with confortable sofa, TV, HiFi, WiiU - 1 open kitchen fully equiped (coffee machine, toaster, dishwasher, washing machine/dryer, oven) - 1 bathroom with italian shower  - quiet and bright flat  - wifi  - towels and sheets provided  - cleaning lady coming every week  - in the very center of Paris. Near Chatelet Les Halles and The Louvre - warning : 5th floor with no elevator	The flat is a 43sq m 2 rooms apt, modern quiet and bright. Located in a central location : Sentier / Montorgueil. It has all the confort you’ll need for a perfect stay. Enjoy the dynamism of the neighborhood without being bothered by the noise. Really functionnal appt : - 1 living room with confortable sofa, TV, HiFi, WiiU - 1 open kitchen fully equiped (coffee machine, toaster, dishwasher, washing machine/dryer, oven) - 1 bathroom with italian shower  - quiet and bright flat  - wifi  - towels and sheets provided  - cleaning lady coming every week  - in the very center of Paris. Near Chatelet Les Halles and The Louvre - warning : 5th floor with no elevator You will have access to many stations as you will be in the heart of Paris. Metro sentier, line 3 : down the apt  Metro Chatelet, lines (phone number hidden) : just a few steps away (7mn by walk)  Metro Bonne Nouvelle, lines 8, 9 : just a few steps away (5mn by walk) I am available at any time on airbnb or on my mobile phone! Don't h
29917	This charming studio is very bright thanks to its large windows. Its warm colors emphasize its warm convivial atmosphere. Its location is ideal: near the neighborhood of Les Halles and Châtelet, a bustling area. This studio is located on the 1st floor with no elevator of a beautiful building. It faces south.  The entrance opens up on a hallway. The living room is made up of a 160 cm convertible sofa, an armchair, a storage area and a TV as well as a table with two chairs. The kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom features a bathtub and the toilets. A lovely terrace is at your disposal with a table and four chairs, to enjoy sunny days. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers and bakers: colors and scents reminiscent of country villages. In the surrounding streets you will find numerous rest	This charming studio is very bright thanks to its large windows. Its warm colors emphasize its warm convivial atmosphere. Its location is ideal: near the neighborhood of Les Halles and Châtelet, a bustling area. This studio is located on the 1st floor with no elevator of a beautiful building. It faces south.  The entrance opens up on a hallway. The living room is made up of a 160 cm convertible sofa, an armchair, a storage area and a TV as well as a table with two chairs. The kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom features a bathtub and the toilets. A lovely terrace is at your disposal with a table and four chairs, to enjoy sunny days. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers and bakers: colors and scents reminiscent of country villages. In the surrounding streets you will find numerous rest
29918	You are all welcome in our 65 square meters 2 Bedrooms 2 Bathrooms 2 Toilets apartment of a historic building from the 18th century, ideally located in the heart of Paris.  Apartment completely refurbished, very bright and spacious, and it sleeps 6 people. The interior is decorated with all modern convenience. Bedrooms : NEW and high-standard bedding. 2 bathrooms designed by an architect. Each ensuite shower room is modern, with plenty of hot water. -------------------------------------------------           Location and neighborhood  -------------------------------------------------  Situated in the Montorgueil area, you will enjoy this shopping district very typical : traditional restaurants, sidewalk cafés, food trades, groceries, famous bakeries (Eric Kayser, Nicolas Stroher) or chocolate shops (Jeff de Bruges).. This famous quarter is a lively and pedestrianized area, very rare and highly sought in Paris.  On thursdays and sundays, a famous grocery-market is held in Montmartre str	Apartment refurbished, very bright and spacious, decorated with all modern convenience, it sleeps 6 people. Located in the shopping district very typical of Montorgueil, you will enjoy : cafés & restaurants, and many famous attractions all around.. You are all welcome in our 65 square meters 2 Bedrooms 2 Bathrooms 2 Toilets apartment of a historic building from the 18th century, ideally located in the heart of Paris.  Apartment completely refurbished, very bright and spacious, and it sleeps 6 people. The interior is decorated with all modern convenience. Bedrooms : NEW and high-standard bedding. 2 bathrooms designed by an architect. Each ensuite shower room is modern, with plenty of hot water. -------------------------------------------------           Location and neighborhood  -------------------------------------------------  Situated in the Montorgueil area, you will enjoy this shopping district very typical : traditional restaurants, sidewalk cafés, food trades, groceries, famous 
29919	58 Tiquetonne street - 2nd district Calm, elegant and stylish, this apartment will make you feel at home in the best conditions. Situated in the very center of the city, in a pedestrian and lively neigborhood, all the best sites as Le Marais, Le Louvre, Beaubourg, Palais Royal or rue Saint Honoré are walking distance. Montorgueil market is one of the most famous and all the cool shops and trendy restaurant are around the corner! You will find only a few minutes away the main subway lignes as well as the RER for an easy acces to the airport. The apartment is calm and spacious and can welcome up to 4 persons. The main room has a sofa bed , big TV screen and design furnitures. There is a king size bed in the bedroom and a thub in the bathroom. Linen are provided	58 Tiquetonne street - 2nd district Calm, elegant and stylish, this apartment will make you feel at home in the best conditions. Situated in the very center of the city, in a pedestrian and lively neigborhood, all the best sites as Le Marais, Le Louvre, Beaubourg, Palais Royal or rue Saint Honoré are walking distance. Montorgueil market is one of the most famous and all the cool shops and trendy restaurant are around the corner! You will find only a few minutes away the main subway lignes as well as the RER for an easy acces to the airport. The apartment is calm and spacious and can welcome up to 4 persons. The main room has a sofa bed , big TV screen and design furnitures. There is a king size bed in the bedroom and a thub in the bathroom. Linen are provided
29920	My flat is at the 4th floor in a building built in1850, quite renovated, with a lift, in front of a small street with trees. There is a hall, two bedrooms : one with a bathroom ( bath and shower), the second one with a shower. A living room with an american kitchen. Television.  You are at 10 mns from Center Pompidou and 15 mns from Louvre Museum. A lot of tube lines. The station Reaumur Sebastopol (line 4 and 3) is just in front of my building. Buses also Monoprix, a commercial center at 50 meters. Rue Montogueil at 200 meters with its daily market and a lot of restaurants, etc.  	My flat is at the 4th floor in a building built in1850, quite renovated, with a lift, in front of a small street with trees. There is a hall, two bedrooms : one with a bathroom ( bath and shower), the second one with a shower. A living room with an american kitchen. Television.  You are at 10 mns from Center Pompidou and 15 mns from Louvre Museum. A lot of tube lines. The station Reaumur Sebastopol (line 4 and 3) is just in front of my building. Buses also Monoprix, a commercial center at 50 meters. Rue Montogueil at 200 meters with its daily market and a lot of restaurants, etc.  
29921	Large bedroom (23 square meters), for one or two travelers. Sunny, 5th floor with lift, facing South, very quiet. Double bed, own bathroom and toilets, independent access, no kitchen, but a coffee machine and a kettle for tea. Internet available. Personal attention given to our guests, we live in same building.	"Large newly-renovated guest room in central Paris, ideally located in second ""arrondissement"", near Montorgueil pedestrian area, walking distance to Opera and theater area. 3 metro lines (3, 8 and 9), bus and ""velib"" stations nearby. Large bedroom (23 square meters), for one or two travelers. Sunny, 5th floor with lift, facing South, very quiet. Double bed, own bathroom and toilets, independent access, no kitchen, but a coffee machine and a kettle for tea. Internet available. Personal attention given to our guests, we live in same building. We are living in the building and always enjoy having a drink with our guests, or more when possible. If any problem with the apartment, we are located one floor below. Located in the heart of Paris, The Montorgueil area offers large number of quality food stores, open vegetable and fish stands, and small specialty shops, as well as a wide range of all budgets’ restaurants, designers galleries, trendy shops for fashion victims. It is also a few step"
29922	Calme et Lumineux Appartement pour vos vacances ou pour le business à Paris. Situé dans une rue centrale du 2ème arrondissement de Paris tout près de la fameuse rue Montorgueil, c'est un deux pièces design de 30 m2 au 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Très bien équipé, le logement est possède une cuisine complètement équipée. Idéal pour 2 personnes, il peut accueillir jusque 4 personnes. En effet dans l'appartement il y a une chambre avec un double lit, et dans le salon un canapé convertible. a     Montorgueil, la rue pietonne la plus courue des parisiens Ce charmant studio est situé tout prêt de la rue piétonne Montorgueil, en plein coeur du Paris historique, dans un quartier bien connu pour ses boutiques, restaurants et bars. Ce quartier animé est très fréquenté par les parisiens qui y recherchent l'authenticité des commerces de bouche et les petits restaurants typiquement français.	Calme et Lumineux Appartement pour vos vacances ou pour le business à Paris. Situé dans une rue centrale du 2ème arrondissement de Paris tout près de la fameuse rue Montorgueil, c'est un deux pièces design de 30 m2 au 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Très bien équipé, le logement est possède une cuisine complètement équipée. Idéal pour 2 personnes, il peut accueillir jusque 4 personnes. En effet dans l'appartement il y a une chambre avec un double lit, et dans le salon un canapé convertible. a     Montorgueil, la rue pietonne la plus courue des parisiens Ce charmant studio est situé tout prêt de la rue piétonne Montorgueil, en plein coeur du Paris historique, dans un quartier bien connu pour ses boutiques, restaurants et bars. Ce quartier animé est très fréquenté par les parisiens qui y recherchent l'authenticité des commerces de bouche et les petits restaurants typiquement français.
29923	 With a large living room, you will enjoy this typically Parisian apartment with beams and stonework. It is on the 1st floor (no elevator), courtyard and so on a tranquil. The apartment is absolutely gorgeous. Tastefully decorated, it has just been renovated and look more astounding than ever ! The separate bedroom has a double bed and the pull out sofa is very confortable as well (160x190) There is a bathtub in the bathroom and separate toilet. I will provide fresh bed linen and towels. If you have any questions, I would be happy to answer them, just hit the inquire button!	This 70 sqm luxury apartment is located in the centre of Paris with all the facilities ! (Museum, shop, restaurant, bar, club…) For persons who suffer from dog allergy, please note that we have a dog, although our flat is very clean.
29924	"Very charming  apartment  of 50m2 (538 sq ft) the 5th floor with elevator in a building dating from the 2nd Empire. Very bright , its orientation will allow you to enjoy the sun all day. For 1 to 4 adult people (2 beds) Its decoration, between the typically Parisian - including its Versailles wooden floor,  fireplaces, large mirrors and moldings - and the world arts, with statues from Oceania , Latin America and Africa. With an entrance , a fully equipped kitchen ( Oven, microwave, coffee machine , induction hob plates, grill , plancha , steaming machine, dishwasher ... ), and a dining area There's also an adjustable living room with two sofas, convertible in a queen size bed (with a true mattress, sheets, pillows and a braid) , wireless internet , flat screen TV with access to international channels and a fireplace. Bedroom  has a baldaquin ""Queen size"" bed, storage and a fireplace. Sheets are of course at your disposal. The bathroom has a bathtub , a sink and a washer-dryer . Towels "	 This  Haussmannien apartment of 50m² will seduce you with its Versaille wooden Floor, moldings and fireplaces and its balcony. Fully equipped, and located near Louvre and Opera, and ideal place to visit Paris. 2 double beds available    Very charming  apartment  of 50m2 (538 sq ft) the 5th floor with elevator in a building dating from the 2nd Empire. Very bright , its orientation will allow you to enjoy the sun all day. For 1 to 4 adult people (2 beds) Its decoration, between the typically Parisian - including its Versailles wooden floor,  fireplaces, large mirrors and moldings - and the world arts, with statues from Oceania , Latin America and Africa. With an entrance , a fully equipped kitchen ( Oven, microwave, coffee machine , induction hob plates, grill , plancha , steaming machine, dishwasher ... ), and a dining area There's also an adjustable living room with two sofas, convertible in a queen size bed (with a true mattress, sheets, pillows and a braid) , wireless internet , fla
29925	THE APARTMENT  3 rooms (4th possible with charge ,with low ceiling with shower and wc, please ask) 6 person for quiet building Downstairs - One bedroom with double bed -One bedrom with 2 singles beds Possible also to join the 2 beds ( same level) for a couple + bathroom with  bath , wc , sink + living room with  sofa , tables, piano + kitchen Upstairs -A terrasse( Eiffel tower vue) -A bedrom with double bed Just in front of the terrasse( with also Cinema Rex and Sacré Cœur vue) (+-On other side of the terrasse,the 4 th bedrom possible (  low ceiling) with double bed, italian shower , sink and wc) 	" Quiet,sunny Terrasse South 6 person 3 Bedroom (4  possible)  6 th floor without elevator but esay stairs Help for luggages possible baby bed possible          THE APARTMENT  3 rooms (4th possible with charge ,with low ceiling with shower and wc, please ask) 6 person for quiet building Downstairs - One bedroom with double bed -One bedrom with 2 singles beds Possible also to join the 2 beds ( same level) for a couple + bathroom with  bath , wc , sink + living room with  sofa , tables, piano + kitchen Upstairs -A terrasse( Eiffel tower vue) -A bedrom with double bed Just in front of the terrasse( with also Cinema Rex and Sacré Cœur vue) (+-On other side of the terrasse,the 4 th bedrom possible (  low ceiling) with double bed, italian shower , sink and wc) I will be there when you arrive and give you keys, explain the apartment etc.. Me or a woman We can help you for luggages( please ask me) --HOUSE  SITUATION: in the center of Paris You are: in ""Quartier Sentier/ Les Halles/ Montorgueil"""
29926		Charmant 2 pièces de 30 m², idéalement situé entre Arts et Métiers et Etienne Marcel, tout près des Halles et des commerces du quartier Montorgueil. Grande pièce à vivre, chambre avec rangements, salle d'eau, coin cuisine, WC séparés.
29927	If you want to stay somewhere that's not your run-of-the-mill rental apartment and you enjoy great design and being in beautiful surroundings, this place is for you. We have worked hard to create a place that has all the flair of a hip hotel but with the comfort and ease of having your own apartment. We are situated on the second floor of a small 300 year old building (no lift). The communal corridor has been sympathetically restored and the building is clean and quiet. With 3.5m ceilings and large windows, it feels very spacious for it's 32sqm size. It has been decorated with a mix of antiques and modern convenience and luxury. The beautiful, large kitchen table means you'll enjoy eating in as much as exploring the fantastic local restaurants. Perfectly located in the centre of Paris. Within 10 mins walk of Pompidou Centre, Louvre, Pont Neuf, Le Marais, Opera, rue Saint-Honore and much more. This is the part of Paris to be in if you like access to all the tourist sites without being i	If you want to stay somewhere that's not your run-of-the-mill rental apartment and you enjoy great design and being in beautiful surroundings, this place is for you. We have worked hard to create a place that has all the flair of a hip hotel but with the comfort and ease of having your own apartment. We are situated on the second floor of a small 300 year old building (no lift). The communal corridor has been sympathetically restored and the building is clean and quiet. With 3.5m ceilings and large windows, it feels very spacious for it's 32sqm size. It has been decorated with a mix of antiques and modern convenience and luxury. The beautiful, large kitchen table means you'll enjoy eating in as much as exploring the fantastic local restaurants. Perfectly located in the centre of Paris. Within 10 mins walk of Pompidou Centre, Louvre, Pont Neuf, Le Marais, Opera, rue Saint-Honore and much more. This is the part of Paris to be in if you like access to all the tourist sites without being i
29928	Be welcome to my studio ! It's located in one of the oldest area of Paris, near the Grands Boulevards and the so famous pedestrian street Montorgueil ! It's very luminous and you can see the Eiffel Tower from the window ! Welcome to Paris ! My place is located is Rue Poissonnière at Rue de la Lune corner; you'll love the area ! It's so trendy ! My area is great and very central, you can't miss the famous street Montorgueil ! There are 4 lines of subway, straight to many touristic places such as the Champs-Elysées, the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, but also to Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Bastille, Montmartre, Opéra and Galeries Lafayette, etc ! It's very easy to come by public transportation ! You can take the metro and get off at Bonne Nouvelle, Sentier, Strasbourg St-Denis or Réaumur-Sébastopol. If you like to walk, it's possible from Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Gare St-Lazare. Please note that my studio is on the 6th floor (= 5ème étage in french) without elevator, as many buildings i	Be welcome to my studio ! It's located in one of the oldest area of Paris, near the Grands Boulevards and the so famous pedestrian street Montorgueil ! It's very luminous and you can see the Eiffel Tower from the window ! Welcome to Paris ! Be welcome to my studio ! It's located in one of the oldest area of Paris, near the Grands Boulevards and the so famous pedestrian street Montorgueil ! It's very luminous and you can see the Eiffel Tower from the window ! Welcome to Paris ! My place is located is Rue Poissonnière at Rue de la Lune corner; you'll love the area ! It's so trendy ! My area is great and very central, you can't miss the famous street Montorgueil ! There are 4 lines of subway, straight to many touristic places such as the Champs-Elysées, the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, but also to Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Bastille, Montmartre, Opéra and Galeries Lafayette, etc ! It's very easy to come by public transportation ! You can take the metro and get off at Bonne Nouvelle, Sentier,
29929	quite and cosy love nest within montorgeuil area	celeverly furnished studio, with washe/dryer, dishwasher, flatscreen tv and wifi. within montorgeuil pedestrian area. Toilets and shower within the flat, 1,80 m wide bed. small sofa and dining table. kitchen fully equiped. quite and cosy love nest within montorgeuil area wifi, cable TV, washer/dryer, dishwasher
29930	"MY ""Little Nest Studio"" as I like to call it is in 17th century building, HIP area, REALLY CENTRAL, pedestrian parisian  street with supermarkets, shops & lots museums around by walk (Georges Pompidou, Louvre, Notre-Dame ...). Stations around Metro: Sentier (line 3), Reaumur (3, 4), Chatelet-Les Halles (RER A, B, D, metro 1, 4, 5, 7, 11), and Velib stations (bikes) for sports persons .  Well furnished (handmade wooden furniture), comfortable, small & high ceiling studio, DIRECT FROM BOTH AIRPORTS, near train stations Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, 2 min walk from Les Halles, less than 1 min from metro HAVE A LOOK ON WITH KEY WORDS DAILYMOTION ""rue Montorgueil"" AND HAVE A LOOK AT THE STUDIO (website hidden)  a living room with kitchenette & Many Necessary tools, small closet and arrangements from under the staircase, FUTON bed (140x 200) on Mezzanine (customized narrow staircase),  Separate small shower & toilet, sheets & towels included, TV, Wifi, heating. 2d floor (no lift), safe area w"	"Paris's center (direct airport) a cute little Nest Loft/studio for 2 p, in a very hip & pedestrian area where from you can visite many touristic places by walk. Louvre (15 min), Pompidou (7), Notre-Dame (9 +/-) ... -;) No lift in this 1650 building. MY ""Little Nest Studio"" as I like to call it is in 17th century building, HIP area, REALLY CENTRAL, pedestrian parisian  street with supermarkets, shops & lots museums around by walk (Georges Pompidou, Louvre, Notre-Dame ...). Stations around Metro: Sentier (line 3), Reaumur (3, 4), Chatelet-Les Halles (RER A, B, D, metro 1, 4, 5, 7, 11), and Velib stations (bikes) for sports persons .  Well furnished (handmade wooden furniture), comfortable, small & high ceiling studio, DIRECT FROM BOTH AIRPORTS, near train stations Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, 2 min walk from Les Halles, less than 1 min from metro HAVE A LOOK ON WITH KEY WORDS DAILYMOTION ""rue Montorgueil"" AND HAVE A LOOK AT THE STUDIO (website hidden)  a living room with kitchenette & Ma"
29931	It is an old and well-maintained building with a secure access. The apartment, located on the second floor directly accessible by the elevator, has views on a semi-pedestrian cobblestone street. This large apartment of 95 square meters, recently renovated, is a comfortable and pleasant place to stay. It has several rooms so that everyone can enjoy its own private space. As soon as you enter the apartment, you will feel its quietness and brightness. The accommodation is divided into two parts. The first one has a bedroom with a 160 cm double bed, a wardrobe and an Italian shower. It also includes a bathroom with a bathtub and toilets and other separate toilets. The other part of the accommodation overlooks a cobblestone street and is made up of 3 different areas:  -Tastefully decorated, the large living room includes a fully-equipped American kitchen (fridge-freezer), a dishwasher, hotplates with an extractor hood, an oven, a micro-wave and a washer/dryer. A sophisticated bar faces an e	This apartment is a premium accommodation for up to 6 ppl, thanks to its pretty surface and its elegant decoration. In Montorgueil, two steps away from the Halles, the Etienne Marcel shops and the Grands Boulevards, it is a high-quality accommodation It is an old and well-maintained building with a secure access. The apartment, located on the second floor directly accessible by the elevator, has views on a semi-pedestrian cobblestone street. This large apartment of 95 square meters, recently renovated, is a comfortable and pleasant place to stay. It has several rooms so that everyone can enjoy its own private space. As soon as you enter the apartment, you will feel its quietness and brightness. The accommodation is divided into two parts. The first one has a bedroom with a 160 cm double bed, a wardrobe and an Italian shower. It also includes a bathroom with a bathtub and toilets and other separate toilets. The other part of the accommodation overlooks a cobblestone street and is made u
29932	 This accommodation has an area of 60 sqm - 646 sqft, is located on the 4th French floor with elevator. It can accommodate 4 persons and located in rue Etienne Marcel.  It features 1 living/dining room, 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet WIFI access, elevator, vacuum, kettle, international TV channels, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels and television The apartment is located on the 4th floor, please note that you need to take the stairs till the 1st floorand the you have an elevator to go from the 1st floor till the 4th floor Bedroom 1 Double bed 160 cm wide (can convert into 2 single beds 80 cm wide) 10 m², 1 window with desk, double bed 160 cm wide, wooden floor, closet, nightstand Bedroom 2 11 m², 1 window with double bed 140 cm 	This 60 square meters 2 bedroom apartment is located on rue Etienne Marcel in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, close to the rue Montorgueil. This accommodation has an area of 60 sqm - 646 sqft, is located on the 4th French floor with elevator. It can accommodate 4 persons and located in rue Etienne Marcel.  It features 1 living/dining room, 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet WIFI access, elevator, vacuum, kettle, international TV channels, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels and television The apartment is located on the 4th floor, please note that you need to take the stairs till the 1st floorand the you have an elevator to go from the 1st floor till the 4th floor Bedroom 1 Double bed 160 cm wide (can convert into 2 single beds 80 cm
29933	Triplex avec cour, Lave vaisselle, femme de ménage, machine à laver salle de bain indépendante pour chaque chambre en plein centre de paris.	A chaque étage chambre et salle de bain. Salon sur cour avec un toilette et cuisine équipée ( lave vaisselle, machine à laver ) Location d'un seul étage.  Central ( métros bourse, Sentier et grands boulevard a 3 min a pied ) Triplex avec cour, Lave vaisselle, femme de ménage, machine à laver salle de bain indépendante pour chaque chambre en plein centre de paris. Wifi Lave vaisselle  Cuisine totalement équipée  Salon spacieux Baignoire  Proche commerces et transports vers destinations business ou touristiques J'ai une boutique a 500 mètres de l'appartement ét reste joignable a tout moment. Le dernier étage est occupé par moi. Quartier à la mode Et vivant, tres central et animé, toutefois, dés l'entrée dans la cour il y réside un calme apaisant. Metro, bus, taxi 2 personnes peuvent dormir dans la chambre du premier étage avec leur salle de bain, deux autres personnes maximum peuvent dormir sur un canapé chacune dans le salon
29934	After a full renovation and decoration in a contemporary style with brand new quality furniture, the appartement has a state of the art isolation from the outside noise and cold temperatures.  in the heart of historical Paris, right between the pedestrian shopping areas of Les Halles and Montorgueil. It is 5 minutes from Centre Georges Pompidou (museum of modern art), and 10 minutes from Le Louvre, with 30+ restaurants & cafes less than 200m away. The apartement is located on the first floor (no lift), the building is secured by 2 doors with one specific digicode for each. 	This bright 2 Bedroom elegant corner appartment can welcome 6 guests very comfortably. It is 30 meters to metro Etienne Marcel and 200 to RER Chatelet / Les Halles, offering direct lines to airports and train stations. After a full renovation and decoration in a contemporary style with brand new quality furniture, the appartement has a state of the art isolation from the outside noise and cold temperatures.  in the heart of historical Paris, right between the pedestrian shopping areas of Les Halles and Montorgueil. It is 5 minutes from Centre Georges Pompidou (museum of modern art), and 10 minutes from Le Louvre, with 30+ restaurants & cafes less than 200m away. The apartement is located on the first floor (no lift), the building is secured by 2 doors with one specific digicode for each. You have full usage of the appartment and all its appliances during your stay: internet wifi, TV, oven, microwave, fridge, washer, dryer, coffee machine, vacuum cleaner, iron etc.. We also provide wash
29935	Entirely renovated and refurnished in 2008, this sunny (website hidden) studio apartment offers a loft-style layout with designer flair. A white washed ambience welcomes its guests into an elongated main room where the central area is occupied by a large couch facing a work/dining counter. Large windows, framing the view of the Eiffel Tower, also provide a brilliant light which reflects on the white walls. To one end of the room is a platform on which lies a double bed framed by a built-in closet, while the edge of the platform encase two drawers: a regular drawer for storing personal items, and a fake drawer hiding a single pull-out bed for an occasional third guest or child. The other end of the room flaunts its slanted roof-top ceiling, and is divided into two separate areas: a fully equipped kitchen corner, in contrasting shiny red built-in cabinets and complete with all necessities including a dishwasher and microwave oven, and a comfortable bathroom, complete with bathtub with ov	Sunny studio with view of the Eiffel Tower, located on the 8th (and last) floor of a building (with elevator) housing offices on its first floors, making this a quiet and calm home nestled in the central 2 arrondissement.  Entirely renovated and refurnished in 2008, this sunny (website hidden) studio apartment offers a loft-style layout with designer flair. A white washed ambience welcomes its guests into an elongated main room where the central area is occupied by a large couch facing a work/dining counter. Large windows, framing the view of the Eiffel Tower, also provide a brilliant light which reflects on the white walls. To one end of the room is a platform on which lies a double bed framed by a built-in closet, while the edge of the platform encase two drawers: a regular drawer for storing personal items, and a fake drawer hiding a single pull-out bed for an occasional third guest or child. The other end of the room flaunts its slanted roof-top ceiling, and is divided into two sep
29936	Lovely bright studio in the center of Paris with a high ceiling and with beautiful exposed beams. It is located on the 1st floor in a typical Parisian building, with an elevator. This nicely designed private studio is perfectly located in front of a beautiful square (rare in Paris) and a beautiful church. This recently renovated studio has : -- a comfortable sofa bed for two and there's a mattress too for an another guest - sheets and towels - a functional kitchen with a fridge, stove, oven grill microwave - a very pleasant bathroom with a comfy bathtub - high speed internet , wifi - TV with a lot of DVD's  - hair dryer	Lovely bright studio in the center of Paris with a high ceiling and with beautiful exposed beams. It is located on the 1st floor in a typical Parisian building, with an elevator. This nicely designed private studio is perfectly located. Lovely bright studio in the center of Paris with a high ceiling and with beautiful exposed beams. It is located on the 1st floor in a typical Parisian building, with an elevator. This nicely designed private studio is perfectly located in front of a beautiful square (rare in Paris) and a beautiful church. This recently renovated studio has : -- a comfortable sofa bed for two and there's a mattress too for an another guest - sheets and towels - a functional kitchen with a fridge, stove, oven grill microwave - a very pleasant bathroom with a comfy bathtub - high speed internet , wifi - TV with a lot of DVD's  - hair dryer Visitors will be able to move quickly and easily around the city. The metro stop (line 8 and 9) is located opposite the building and he
29937	The apartment located at the top floor of an old parisian building is extremly calm and relax. A vast living room offers space for chill out and breakfast.	Private room in a calm and luminous apartment in the heart of Paris. Within walking distance to the main tourist attractions. The apartment located at the top floor of an old parisian building is extremly calm and relax. A vast living room offers space for chill out and breakfast. The room is exclusively yours. We share the living room and a tiny functionnal bathroom. The kitchen is available only for breakfasts. For stays longer than 3 nights, laundry is available. Wi-Fi. We'll be happy to meet you and help you through your visit in Paris. We can give you advices on restaurants, transports, museums, shopping and tourist attractions. The neighborhood is extremly central with a lot of nice restaurants for all budgets. The garden of Palais Royal is a delight and you can walk to almost any main Paris attraction. If you don't want to walk you can still take one of the various buses that passes by or metro: he nearest stations are Palais Royal Musée du Louvre (lines 1 - 7), Pyramides (lines
29938	The apartment is located in a typical Paris building with wooden structures ! Its useable area is 42 square meters Apartment organization: - LIVING ROOM with double sofa-bed (140cm) - BEDROOM with large double bed (160cm) - Fully equipped KITCHEN, with everything you need - BATHROOM, with bathtub Extra wide and thick double AirBed provided (156cm wide / 50cm high) The flat is equipped with:  - MOBILE INTERNET 4G ROUTER - Stay connected all over Paris for free - High speed optic fibre internet - Wifi  - 37 inch Flat-screen TV with 240 channels  - Dock speaker for Ipad/Iphone/Ipod (also useable with any other device with Bluetooth function)  - Telephone: Unlimited phone calls to over 100 countries  - Sim card for your phone (pay as you go) with cheap rates and data  - City Maps, guides, food books - International power adapter - Guest Booklet with precious info about the apartment + neighborhood info and recommendations! - Bed linen, quilts and bath towels are all provided The kitchen is	Are you looking for a super-central apartment for your holiday or business trip in Paris? Do you need a highly functional, charming, two room apartment, with lots of air and light? Then you have clicked the right listing! The apartment is located in a typical Paris building with wooden structures ! Its useable area is 42 square meters Apartment organization: - LIVING ROOM with double sofa-bed (140cm) - BEDROOM with large double bed (160cm) - Fully equipped KITCHEN, with everything you need - BATHROOM, with bathtub Extra wide and thick double AirBed provided (156cm wide / 50cm high) The flat is equipped with:  - MOBILE INTERNET 4G ROUTER - Stay connected all over Paris for free - High speed optic fibre internet - Wifi  - 37 inch Flat-screen TV with 240 channels  - Dock speaker for Ipad/Iphone/Ipod (also useable with any other device with Bluetooth function)  - Telephone: Unlimited phone calls to over 100 countries  - Sim card for your phone (pay as you go) with cheap rates and data  - C
29939	The appartment is located in a quiet street, perfect for those who want to enjoy a peaceful stay but also next to a very vibrant young area for those who want to have fun! Plenty of bars, restaurants, supermarkets, cinemas, theaters, shops are just around the corner. Lively Strasbourg Saint Denis is 3 minutes walk where you will find trendy bars and a variety of restaurants from all over the world. 	Ideally located in the 10th arrondisement of Paris next to 2nd arrondissement and walking distance from many parisian trademarks, my appartment is perfect for those who want to experience the city in a nice and lively neighbourhood! The appartment is located in a quiet street, perfect for those who want to enjoy a peaceful stay but also next to a very vibrant young area for those who want to have fun! Plenty of bars, restaurants, supermarkets, cinemas, theaters, shops are just around the corner. Lively Strasbourg Saint Denis is 3 minutes walk where you will find trendy bars and a variety of restaurants from all over the world.  Strasbourg Saint Denis station (line 4, 8 and 9) is 1 minute away, and Gare de L'Est 7 minutes away.
29940	On n'entend pas les voitures la fenêtre ouverte	Très beau studio calme, Lit confortable double rabatable dans un placard+un canapé avec matelas dépliable a même le sol Cuisine équipée four, machine à laver le linge Douche avec jet de massage  6e étage sans ascenseur 24 m2  Adresse 16 passage Lemoine, arrivée au 135bvd Sébastopol  Forfais ménage 20€ On n'entend pas les voitures la fenêtre ouverte A la douche après un long voyage ;-) Les Restau branchés comme chez Edgar a 2min a pied A 1 min a pied du métro Strasbourg Saint Denis A 10min a pied de Châtelet Les Halles
29941	This large 22 square meters renovated studio is located between the Grands Boulevards neighborhood and the Bourse de Paris area. It is ideal to stroll around near the Grands Boulevards or walk to the center of Paris, following the rue Montmartre. In this small typical building, this studio is located on the 4th floor with no elevator.  To access the apartment, you take a wooden staircase. Entering the apartment, there is a corridor and on the left, the bathroom. In the main room, you will find a large living room with a big LCD TV, a convertible sofa and a little desk. At the end of this room you will find large closets with mirrors. Behind you, there is a dining table and an equipped kitchen. The two parts are linked by a wooden work surface in the form of an “L”. The kitchen has all the necessary equipment to cook delicious dishes: an oven, cooking utensils, a dishwasher… Coffee amateurs can choose between a classic coffee machine or a Nespresso machine. The bathroom includes a large	This large 22 square meters renovated studio is located between the Grands Boulevards neighborhood and the Bourse de Paris area. It is ideal to stroll around near the Grands Boulevards or walk to the center of Paris, following the rue Montmartre. In this small typical building, this studio is located on the 4th floor with no elevator.  To access the apartment, you take a wooden staircase. Entering the apartment, there is a corridor and on the left, the bathroom. In the main room, you will find a large living room with a big LCD TV, a convertible sofa and a little desk. At the end of this room you will find large closets with mirrors. Behind you, there is a dining table and an equipped kitchen. The two parts are linked by a wooden work surface in the form of an “L”. The kitchen has all the necessary equipment to cook delicious dishes: an oven, cooking utensils, a dishwasher… Coffee amateurs can choose between a classic coffee machine or a Nespresso machine. The bathroom includes a large
29942	 Very nice building, 1 bedroom flat, completely renovated by an architect, comfortable and modern.	Recently renovated flat, on the last floor, with a view of the Paris roof tops. Situated in the trendy area of Place des Victoires, in a pretty street with easy access to bus and underground transport. Fully equipped and furnished with taste.  Very nice building, 1 bedroom flat, completely renovated by an architect, comfortable and modern. Travelers have full disposal to the flat. Always available by phone, a person will be there on the arrival of the holidayers to advise them on good addresses and good ideas to do in the neighborhood.  With its old buildings, the museums and it's very beautiful gardens, like the Palais Royal, The area is one of the oldest of Paris; it is also a very trendy area as some of the best designers are based there as well as the best clothes shops.  There are many bus lines. Metro/underground station : Palais royal, louvre or bourse.
29943	Decorated by a famous desiner in an historical building from 18 century	A wonderful flat all made by an interior designer in center of Paris.  Dining room with an opened kitchen, separate living room with a double sofa bed. Two rooms, one with two single beds and sofa bed and one with a double bed. Beautiful bathroom.
29944	L'authenticité des meubles au style vintage plait à tout le monde. C'est un joli nid douillet situé au deuxième étage, parfait pour les couples qui découvrent la capitale. L'appartement peut accueillir deux personnes et si besoin deux de plus dans un canapé lit. Le séjour est grand. il est séparé en deux parties par une bibliothèque, d'un côté le salon et de l'autre la chambre. La cuisine est séparée ainsi que la salle de bain. Le Must: un dressing!!!! L'appartement est tout équipé. Niché en plein coeur du Sentier, vous avez accès à trois bouches de métro avec Sentier, Strasbourg Saint Denis et Bonne Nouvelle. Le plus, c'est de se retrouver à deux minutes de la rue Montorgueil, la rue piétonne éponyme.	L'authenticité des meubles au style vintage plait à tout le monde. C'est un joli nid douillet situé au deuxième étage, parfait pour les couples qui découvrent la capitale. L'appartement peut accueillir deux personnes et si besoin deux de plus dans un canapé lit. Le séjour est grand. il est séparé en deux parties par une bibliothèque, d'un côté le salon et de l'autre la chambre. La cuisine est séparée ainsi que la salle de bain. Le Must: un dressing!!!! L'appartement est tout équipé. Niché en plein coeur du Sentier, vous avez accès à trois bouches de métro avec Sentier, Strasbourg Saint Denis et Bonne Nouvelle. Le plus, c'est de se retrouver à deux minutes de la rue Montorgueil, la rue piétonne éponyme.
29945	My appartment is 50 sqm + a 8 sqm terrace, metro Bonne nouvelle in center-north of PARIS. It contains Air Conditionner, dishwasher, Wi fi, elevator (6th and 7th floors) There's also an automatic sprinkler system for the plants on the terrace so you won't even have to care about it ! 10sqm bedroom and bathroom downstairs; big open space upstairs, including livig room, open kitchen, dining room. ...And the terrace outside. Always shiny, Ideal for couples but possibility for a 3rd person on the sofa (that's similar to a bed, actually). Very central situation ! metro at the bottom of the building. Located on the Grands Boulevards, 10 min walking distance from Chatelet, Montrogueil, Canal st-Martin, 10 minutes metro or bicycle from Montrmartre, Bastille, Opéra... The Rue du Faubourg St-Antoine is said to be one of the coolest points in Paris. One restaurant or bar is opening every single week. The average age of population is between 25 and 35 year old. There are many high quality food stor	My appartment is 50 sqm + a 8 sqm terrace, metro Bonne nouvelle in center-north of PARIS. It contains Air Conditionner, dishwasher, Wi fi, elevator (6th and 7th floors) There's also an automatic sprinkler system for the plants on the terrace so you won't even have to care about it ! 10sqm bedroom and bathroom downstairs; big open space upstairs, including livig room, open kitchen, dining room. ...And the terrace outside. Always shiny, Ideal for couples but possibility for a 3rd person on the sofa (that's similar to a bed, actually). Very central situation ! metro at the bottom of the building. Located on the Grands Boulevards, 10 min walking distance from Chatelet, Montrogueil, Canal st-Martin, 10 minutes metro or bicycle from Montrmartre, Bastille, Opéra... The Rue du Faubourg St-Antoine is said to be one of the coolest points in Paris. One restaurant or bar is opening every single week. The average age of population is between 25 and 35 year old. There are many high quality food stor
29946	CHARMING APPARTMENT IN THE HISTORIC MARAIS ! ! !  C'est un charmant studio situé dans l cœur du marais. Vous pourrez ainsi vivre comme un parisien et profiter des petites boutiques de quartier. Il a été récemment rénové, très spacieux et fonctionnel et surtout moderne. Il est entièrement équipé et dispose ainsi de tout ce dont vous avez besoin. Vous avez à votre disposition : - machine à laver et  sèche linge - réfrigérateur  - micro onde  - Cuisine - internet  Quartier : Métro :  Hôtel de Ville  Pour la petite histoire : Le Marais est un quartier parisien historique (et non administratif), situé dans une partie des 3e et 4e arrondissements de Paris, sur la rive droite de la Seine. Il est aujourd'hui délimité à l'ouest par la rue Beaubourg, à l'est par le boulevard Beaumarchais, au nord par la rue de Bretagne et au sud par la Seine. Le Marais est une ancienne zone de marécages occupée depuis le xiie siècle par des ordres religieux parmi lesquels l'ordre du Temple, qui y installent des 	Au cœur du marais, appartement historique situé dans la rue des mauvais garçons. L'appartement est moderne équipé les poutres sont apparentes. Il est très authentique. CHARMING APPARTMENT IN THE HISTORIC MARAIS ! ! !  C'est un charmant studio situé dans l cœur du marais. Vous pourrez ainsi vivre comme un parisien et profiter des petites boutiques de quartier. Il a été récemment rénové, très spacieux et fonctionnel et surtout moderne. Il est entièrement équipé et dispose ainsi de tout ce dont vous avez besoin. Vous avez à votre disposition : - machine à laver et  sèche linge - réfrigérateur  - micro onde  - Cuisine - internet  Quartier : Métro :  Hôtel de Ville  Pour la petite histoire : Le Marais est un quartier parisien historique (et non administratif), situé dans une partie des 3e et 4e arrondissements de Paris, sur la rive droite de la Seine. Il est aujourd'hui délimité à l'ouest par la rue Beaubourg, à l'est par le boulevard Beaumarchais, au nord par la rue de Bretagne et au sud p
29947	Studio charmant de 35m2  typique du marais mansardé. Belle hauteur sous plafond, tommettes, poutres apparente, cheminée. Donne sur cours et sur rue.Très calme la nuit. Nombreuses plantes.	Grand studio de 35m2 sous les toits, avec tommettes, poutres apparentes et belle hauteur sous plafond. Douillet, accueillant, agrémenté de nombreuses plantes. Très calme la nuit. A deux pas de nombreux commerces  de bouche, restaurants, bars, métros. Studio charmant de 35m2  typique du marais mansardé. Belle hauteur sous plafond, tommettes, poutres apparente, cheminée. Donne sur cours et sur rue.Très calme la nuit. Nombreuses plantes. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement à l'exception des combles et de quelques placards. A deux pas du quartier Montorgeuil : quartier animé branché, nombreuses terrasses de café et restaurants. Nombreux commerces de bouche. A deux pas des grands boulevards : quartier plus populaire, nombreuses salles de théâtre et spectacles, musée grévin Nombreux métros, stations de bus et station de Vélib' à proximité. Station de métro les plus proches : à 4 minutes à pied : Sentier (ligne 3) et Bonne Nouvelle (lignes 8 et 9) à  6 minutes à pied : Strasbourg Saint-Denis 
29948	Enjoy your trip in this apartment in the Montorgueil area. It will be the perfect place for your short or long trip.  From the center of Paris, it is the best place to visit Les Halles, le Louvre, Saint-Michel, Montmartre and many others. Feel free to contact me by email for more information on the first step.	Enjoy this studio located in the heart of Paris, in the Montorgueil district to make your cozy place for your short or long stay in the city of light. Enjoy your trip in this apartment in the Montorgueil area. It will be the perfect place for your short or long trip.  From the center of Paris, it is the best place to visit Les Halles, le Louvre, Saint-Michel, Montmartre and many others. Feel free to contact me by email for more information on the first (website hidden), internet access, microwaves, hotplates, fridge, coffee machine Nespresso, washing machine, extractor, cutlery and kitchen utensils, towels, air dryer, iron, linen, blankets,  wifi, TV. Between Rivoli street for shopping and Les Grands Boulevard for its entertainment  (theater, cinema, pubs and restaurants) your trip will be magic. Closed to the subway Réaumur Sébastopol, Sentier and Strasbourg St Denis (Lines 3,4,8,9).
29949	My appartement is as charming as it can get, with the character of the past and the comfort of today.  The appartement has a living room and a room (openend on the living room), an open kitchen and a bathroom	Hello,  My appartement is a cosy and charming appartement in the center of Paris just between the Louvre and Opera.  My appartement is as charming as it can get, with the character of the past and the comfort of today.  The appartement has a living room and a room (openend on the living room), an open kitchen and a bathroom You can use the washing machine, a cumputer with internet (or wifi), a bike, a washing machine and a thousand of books in French, English, Spanish... I won't be there during your stay but I am always happy to answer to your calls or emails! (3 minutes walking), Opera (5 minutes walking) and Place Vendôme (5 minutes walking). There are many many restaurants, all the commodities you can wish for. However my appartement is located in a lovely little street just behind the Avenue de l'Opéra so it is calm at night. The subway is at less that 5 minutes walking and you have many different lines. You can stop at 4 septembre, Palais Royal, Opera or Pyramides. You also have m
29950		Stylish 22sqm studio in Montorgueil area.  The apartment has recently been entirely refurbished and comes fully equipped. This lovely place would be the perfect retreat to enjoy in style the City of Lights! late check-in policy: - 20€ after 20:00 - 40€ after 21:00 - 60€ after 23:00 
29951		3 pièces à deux pas de la Place de la Bourse au dernier étage d'un bel immeuble avec ascenseur, très calme , deux chambres, un salon, cuisine, salle de bain , salle de douche.Très douillet avec un confort maxi et une vue sur les toits de Paris
29952	Enjoy your stay in Paris like real Parisians by choosing a luxury equipped apartment rental in the heart of Paris.  Perfect for 2 families or groups of 4 up to 8 friends, two beautiful 25 M² completely renovated ensuite studios will provide you the privacy a home and the comfort of hotel suite. On the 1st floor in a very quiet street, facing the shortest street of Paris (5m), you'll share a double separated / communicating studio, each with :   - a living room with a convertible sofa, TV, DVD player, internet access, wifi - an open equipped kitchen (oven, hotplates induction, dish washer)  - a bathroom (shower, toilets, washing machine, iron set)  - an open sleeping area (one double bed, storage cupboard)  Included services :  - Bed sheets and towels housework  - Starter kit : Basic seasoning like salt, sugar, olive oil and vinegar are provided in the kitchen, as well as a Breakfast starter kit (coffee, tea, chocolate, UHT milk, bread loaf, marmelade) In this apartment located rue Beau	Enjoy your stay in Paris like real Parisians by choosing a luxury equipped apartment rental in the heart of Paris.  Perfect for 2 families or groups of 4 up to 8 friends, two beautiful 25 M² completely renovated ensuite studios will provide you the privacy a home and the comfort of hotel suite. On the 1st floor in a very quiet street, facing the shortest street of Paris (5m), you'll share a double separated / communicating studio, each with :   - a living room with a convertible sofa, TV, DVD player, internet access, wifi - an open equipped kitchen (oven, hotplates induction, dish washer)  - a bathroom (shower, toilets, washing machine, iron set)  - an open sleeping area (one double bed, storage cupboard)  Included services :  - Bed sheets and towels housework  - Starter kit : Basic seasoning like salt, sugar, olive oil and vinegar are provided in the kitchen, as well as a Breakfast starter kit (coffee, tea, chocolate, UHT milk, bread loaf, marmelade) In this apartment located rue Beau
29953	"Lovely 29sqm studio in the heart of the very dynamic 2nd district of Paris just between Opéra and Grands Boulevards. On the 7th floor (with elevator) of a modern and secured building you will enjoy a bright apartment with a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, kettle, toaster, microwave, ceramic hobs, washer/dryer), a clean bathroom and a comfortable sofa bed.  This charming studio can accommodate up to 2 people. You will find all the commodities and amenities you need right at the foot of the building and enjoy a young and popular atmosphere around. Bed linen and bath towels are provided as well as cable TV and wifi. Nearest metro stops are ""Richelieu - Drouot"" or ""Grands Boulevards"" on lines 8 and 9."	"Lovely studio on the 7th floor (with elevator) of a modern and secured building in the 2nd district of Paris just between Opéra and Grands Boulevards. Fully equipped kitchen Bed linen and bath towels are provided as well as TV and wifi  Lovely 29sqm studio in the heart of the very dynamic 2nd district of Paris just between Opéra and Grands Boulevards. On the 7th floor (with elevator) of a modern and secured building you will enjoy a bright apartment with a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, kettle, toaster, microwave, ceramic hobs, washer/dryer), a clean bathroom and a comfortable sofa bed.  This charming studio can accommodate up to 2 people. You will find all the commodities and amenities you need right at the foot of the building and enjoy a young and popular atmosphere around. Bed linen and bath towels are provided as well as cable TV and wifi. Nearest metro stops are ""Richelieu - Drouot"" or ""Grands Boulevards"" on lines 8 and 9."
29954	Très calme, lumineux, chaleureux, et détendue, ce bel appartement avec poutres apparentes et Velux au plafond vous réserve un séjour inoubliable au cœur de Paris. Situé à 2 min à pied de la rue Montorgueuil - L'appartement se trouve à moins de 5 min à pieds du métro sentier sur la ligne 3 du métro dans un immeuble Haussmannien en arrière cour qui lui garantit un calme total. 10 minutes du Louvre, Pyramide, châtelet, le Marais, Opéra, Notre Dame, et d'autres monuments, mais aussi des lieux populaires et animés pour sortir, bars, restaurants ... Vous pourriez trouver aussi plusieurs moyens locomotions à proximité ( métro, bus, RER, Vélib, station taxi).Ce magnifique 2 pièces de 25 m2 est parfait pour 1 à 2 personnes qui souhaiterait un séjour historique, festif, gastronomique et reposant en fin de journée.   Vous pourrez vous rendre partout dans Paris en 20 minutes maximum. Appartement propre, et lumineux au 3e étage sans ascenseur, confortable et entièrement équipé : - porte manteaux; s	Très calme, lumineux, chaleureux, et détendue, ce bel appartement avec poutres apparentes et Velux au plafond vous réserve un séjour inoubliable au cœur de Paris. Situé à 2 min à pied de la rue Montorgueuil - L'appartement se trouve à moins de 5 min à pieds du métro sentier sur la ligne 3 du métro dans un immeuble Haussmannien en arrière cour qui lui garantit un calme total. 10 minutes du Louvre, Pyramide, châtelet, le Marais, Opéra, Notre Dame, et d'autres monuments, mais aussi des lieux populaires et animés pour sortir, bars, restaurants ... Vous pourriez trouver aussi plusieurs moyens locomotions à proximité ( métro, bus, RER, Vélib, station taxi).Ce magnifique 2 pièces de 25 m2 est parfait pour 1 à 2 personnes qui souhaiterait un séjour historique, festif, gastronomique et reposant en fin de journée.   Vous pourrez vous rendre partout dans Paris en 20 minutes maximum. Appartement propre, et lumineux au 3e étage sans ascenseur, confortable et entièrement équipé : - porte manteaux; s
29955	15 square meter bedroom  in historic Montorgueil village located on the second floor (No elevator) of an haussmannian (19th century) building in a charming side street off rue Montorgueil. The apartment is light and airy, filled with books and art. The apartment is at the back of the building (away from the street) overlooking a very large courtyard, and is very peaceful. The bedroom fits two people, has wood floors, a large window.	Situated in Montorgueil village, heart of Paris, with outstanding XIXth century buildings.  10 mn to the Louvre, 5mn to the Pompidou Center and the Marais, 3 mn to Les Halles, direct from CDG airport , Etienne Marcel (Line 4)   No smoking, No pets 15 square meter bedroom  in historic Montorgueil village located on the second floor (No elevator) of an haussmannian (19th century) building in a charming side street off rue Montorgueil. The apartment is light and airy, filled with books and art. The apartment is at the back of the building (away from the street) overlooking a very large courtyard, and is very peaceful. The bedroom fits two people, has wood floors, a large window. In the double bedroom, there's a TV monitor, DVD and Fibre optic Wifi Internet connection. A wardrobe, a set of drawers, a desk and a bedside table. No partying. No visitors. I respond to all guests' queries as quick as possible. Breakfast is being  served from 8a.m (weekdays) . The neighborhood is filled with spe
29956	Studio on the attic floor, 20 m2, 2 min from subway Réaumur Sébastopol and Strasbourg Saint-Denis (Ligne 4, 3, 9, 8).  Charmfull.  You will be newt to Montorgueil et rue du faubourg saint-denis where you will find lots of nice restaurants and pub (Le Sully, Chez Jeannette, Le Napoléon, Mauri7) et épicerie, fromagerie, boulangerie etc... Je vous transmettrai tous les bons plans du quartier et de Paris pour votre séjour si vous le souhaitez.  The apartment is on the 7th floor without elevator but it's finally easy to get there.  Description:  Studio avec  - Coin cuisine: plaques électriques, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur + table de bar - Coin Salon avec canapé Lit + TV Freebox - Internet Wifi  - Salle de bain: grande douche + WC + Machine à laver le linge - Draps fournis - Chauffage électrique 	Lovely renovated studio, under the eaves, 20 m2, newt to the stations Réaumur Sébastopol and Strasbourg Saint-Denis (Ligne 4, 3, 9, 8).  7th floor without elevator Situated next to Le Marais, le louvre,...  Studio on the attic floor, 20 m2, 2 min from subway Réaumur Sébastopol and Strasbourg Saint-Denis (Ligne 4, 3, 9, 8).  Charmfull.  You will be newt to Montorgueil et rue du faubourg saint-denis where you will find lots of nice restaurants and pub (Le Sully, Chez Jeannette, Le Napoléon, Mauri7) et épicerie, fromagerie, boulangerie etc... Je vous transmettrai tous les bons plans du quartier et de Paris pour votre séjour si vous le souhaitez.  The apartment is on the 7th floor without elevator but it's finally easy to get there.  Description:  Studio avec  - Coin cuisine: plaques électriques, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur + table de bar - Coin Salon avec canapé Lit + TV Freebox - Internet Wifi  - Salle de bain: grande douche + WC + Machine à laver le linge - Draps fournis - Chauffage élec
29957		My cozy and comfortable one bed room apartment makes you the real Parisian feeling, in the middle of Paris with front subway you're ready to explore the city. Enjoy the terrace for a break time. Very quiet place, please be respectful of that. In the bottom of the building the subway give you all access ( Ligne 8,9 et 4)
29958	Beautifull appartement with terrace, new and modern décoration, there are 1 room with bed for two persons, and a principally piece with a little kitchen. All confort.   Ideally station in front of the Opéra de Paris near to place du marché faubourg st honoré, and near to the Louvre museum. All commodity!	Beautifull appartement with terrace, new and modern décoration, there are 1 room with bed for two persons, and a principally piece with a little kitchen. All confort.   Ideally station in front of the Opéra de Paris near to place du marché faubourg st honoré, and near to the Louvre museum. All commodity!
29959	Big apartment, nice view, calm, central, modern	Newly refurbished apartment in the center of Paris, parallel to the famous rue Montorgueil.  3rd floor of a traditional and typical building, very light with big windows.    Big apartment, nice view, calm, central, modern Free access to everything  nice and lively neighborhood with plenty of shops, markets restaurants and bars.  Trendiest area in Paris 
29960	At the fifth floor without lift, you access directly to the kitchen, and upstairs to your bedroom and the bathroom, without going through the room. You can lock your room. The bedroom is 8m², very silent, with window to the south, sunny even in winter, with a double bed. The bathroom beside is 3m², clear, with a shower, toilets, natural light from a window to the north The kitchen is 5m², with big fridge, big oven and 4 cooking plates, a double sink, a 7kg washing and drying machine, a window to the south.	Beside Grand Rex cinema, a private 8m² bedroom for 2 persons at the top of a building, with shared bathroom at the same floor and kitchen under. The main 15m² room for 2 other persons may be rented by you or other persons, and I may be there the day. At the fifth floor without lift, you access directly to the kitchen, and upstairs to your bedroom and the bathroom, without going through the room. You can lock your room. The bedroom is 8m², very silent, with window to the south, sunny even in winter, with a double bed. The bathroom beside is 3m², clear, with a shower, toilets, natural light from a window to the north The kitchen is 5m², with big fridge, big oven and 4 cooking plates, a double sink, a 7kg washing and drying machine, a window to the south. You access to a private room, a bathroom beside and a kitchen under. Travelers can rest, sleep, cook, eat of the organic food there is, with spices & condiments available for your use., wash, listen to music and radio, have access to wif
29961		Nice studio in the center of Paris, kitchen, bathroom, toilet and a small living room, not  very big, but very comfortable for a short stay. Everything is in 15 minutes walking distance, Louvre, Opera, Notre Dame de Paris, river and so on.
29962	The apartment has a true Paris feeling! It comfortably fits a family even with a baby or three, four friends. It is centrally located, just two blocks from the Louvre and four blocks of the Galeries Lafayette. The apartment is located in the heart of Paris. You will really like it. As in old Parisian historical buildings the three rooms of the flat are connected. In the leaving room there is canapé-bed for one or two persons. In the second room there is a real bed for two persons, and finally in the third small room there is a bad for a young child or baby. When the flat is not rented it is used by us.  The beautiful interior will make the apartment the ideal home for an unforgettable trip to Paris. It's very central location will make it easy for you to explore all the best areas of Paris by foot. Closed Metro: Pyramides (Line 14, Line 7) or Quatre Septembre (Line 3) or Louvre Rivoli (Line 1)  All commodities in the street: bakery, restaurants, bars, coffee shop, supermarket and a bik	My apartment (50sqm) has the typical charm of the old Parisian buildings in the Opera - Louvre area. Shops, theatres, museums, restaurants, bars, beautiful historical buildings, boulevards, royal squares and gardens are in walking distance.  The apartment has a true Paris feeling! It comfortably fits a family even with a baby or three, four friends. It is centrally located, just two blocks from the Louvre and four blocks of the Galeries Lafayette. The apartment is located in the heart of Paris. You will really like it. As in old Parisian historical buildings the three rooms of the flat are connected. In the leaving room there is canapé-bed for one or two persons. In the second room there is a real bed for two persons, and finally in the third small room there is a bad for a young child or baby. When the flat is not rented it is used by us.  The beautiful interior will make the apartment the ideal home for an unforgettable trip to Paris. It's very central location will make it easy for 
29963	 The apartment has two in-suite bedrooms - c'est à dire, each bedroom has its own spacious bathroom with large shower & sink. (The toilet, as most toilets in France, is separate from the showers and is located off the living room, next to the kitchen. The French think that this layout is more practical, so that if a person is occupying one of the showers, the toilet is still available to any others that may urgently need to use it! A strange concept to Americans, I know - but c'est la vie en France! ;) Thus, the flat is ideal for two couples or a family of four. The first bedroom has a Queen-sized bed, and the second bedroom has two twins that can be pushed together to make a King-sized bed. (The mattress topper to connect the two smaller mattresses is provided.) The apartment has a fully-stocked kitchen, dining counter and living room with TV and Blu-Ray/DVD player. WiFi is also accessible throughout the apartment. Aside from it being perfectly located in the center of Paris, the Chât	The Space Newly re-done, luxury 2-bedroom Haussmannian suite apprtment located in the heart of Paris (Châtelet), adjacent to the posh rue Montorgueil. The apartment has two in-suite bedrooms - c'est à dire, each bedroom has its own spacious bathroom with large shower & sink. (The toilet, as most toilets in France, is separate from the showers and is located off the living room, next to the kitchen. The French think that this layout is more practical, so that if a person is occupying one of the showers, the toilet is still available to any others that may urgently need to use it! A strange concept to Americans, I know - but c'est la vie en France! ;) Thus, the flat is ideal for two couples or a family of four. The first bedroom has a Queen-sized bed, and the second bedroom has two twins that can be pushed together to make a King-sized bed. (The mattress topper to connect the two smaller mattresses is provided.) The apartment has a fully-stocked kitchen, dining counter and living room wi
29964	Atelier d'artiste peintre en duplex,  mur de pierre. 	Agréable suite parentale : Chambre de 15m² + Salle de Bain privée. Dans un duplex au centre de Paris. Confort et originalité chez l'artiste peintre. Le quartier est très animé et plein de diversité. Atelier d'artiste peintre en duplex,  mur de pierre. Salon, cuisine et WC en commun. Chambre lit 140x200 cm placard et salle de bain,  privés Dans le sentier, rue semie piétonne, au centre de tout Paris et avec toutes les activités accessibles à pieds.
29965	"* In the heart of Paris. The apartment is located on rue Montorgueil (2nd district). Easy access to monuments, museums, shops, bars, restaurants and other entertainments. * Very well served by public transport. 2 minutes from metro station ""Sentier"", line 3. Idem, 2 minutes from the metro station ""Chatelet Les Halles"", lines (phone number hidden), and RER A, B, D. 35 min from Paris airports (Orly & Charles de Gaulle). * It can accommodate 6 people : 1 ""queen size"" bed, 1 double & two single beds. You sleep well ! * The apartment has all the amenities: fully equipped kitchen that overlooks the living room with a sofa and two armchairs. Very cozy!  * Bathroom & separate WC * Internet / WIFI * I will be present to give you the keys (check in & check out). And I will give you all the necessary informations.  * 4th floor without lift.  * Tiny for 6 people.  * No smoking apartment.  See you soon!"	"* In the heart of Paris. The apartment is located on rue Montorgueil (2nd district). Easy access to monuments, museums, shops, bars, restaurants and other entertainments. * Very well served by public transport. 2 minutes from metro station ""Sentier"", line 3. Idem, 2 minutes from the metro station ""Chatelet Les Halles"", lines (phone number hidden), and RER A, B, D. 35 min from Paris airports (Orly & Charles de Gaulle). * It can accommodate 6 people : 1 ""queen size"" bed, 1 double & two single beds. You sleep well ! * The apartment has all the amenities: fully equipped kitchen that overlooks the living room with a sofa and two armchairs. Very cozy!  * Bathroom & separate WC * Internet / WIFI * I will be present to give you the keys (check in & check out). And I will give you all the necessary informations.  * 4th floor without lift.  * Tiny for 6 people.  * No smoking apartment.  See you soon!"
29966	Luxury 2 bdr apartment on rue Etienne Marcel, 100m from Place des Victoires, 10mn from the Tuileries garden. The flat has been entirely refurbished in a very modern and luxury way. 2 bdr, fully equipped. Entirely refurbished 75m2 flat in one of Paris most attractive street: rue Etienne Marcel. It is located near the Place des Victoires, the Louvre museum and Saint Eustache church, 500m from the Tuileries garden.  The flat is located on the 3th floor. It has 2 bedrooms, one bathroom, fully equipped and modern kitchen semi open on the living room with all appliances. It also benefits wifi, cable tv, flat screens.  Guests will have access to the whole property. Guests can contact me whenever they want and ask me all the questions they have. This is the very centre of Paris: next to the Louvres museum, to the Tuileries garden, to the Palais Royal, to the Place Vendome. Champs Elysees are 10mn walk away, St Germain is 10mn walk as well. The flat is surrounded by famous hotels: Costes, Ritz,	Luxury 2bdrs apartment on rue Etienne,  100m from place des Victoires, 10mn from the Tuileries garden. The flat has been entirely refurbished in a very modern and luxury way. 2bdrs, fully equiped. Luxury 2 bdr apartment on rue Etienne Marcel, 100m from Place des Victoires, 10mn from the Tuileries garden. The flat has been entirely refurbished in a very modern and luxury way. 2 bdr, fully equipped. Entirely refurbished 75m2 flat in one of Paris most attractive street: rue Etienne Marcel. It is located near the Place des Victoires, the Louvre museum and Saint Eustache church, 500m from the Tuileries garden.  The flat is located on the 3th floor. It has 2 bedrooms, one bathroom, fully equipped and modern kitchen semi open on the living room with all appliances. It also benefits wifi, cable tv, flat screens.  Guests will have access to the whole property. Guests can contact me whenever they want and ask me all the questions they have. This is the very centre of Paris: next to the Louvres m
29967	This 70 sqm apartment has a nice reception room where your family will feel comfortable and welcome. All appliances are new or recent ; it's our home and not an impersonal place. We provide bed linen and towels.	Sunny, 2 bedroom apt located in the heart of Paris renovated by an architect. Parisian style with all the modern comforts ! Ideal for 5 people, (6 possible). Bedrooms face quiet street. Fully equipped-close proximity to metro, shopping, museums...   This 70 sqm apartment has a nice reception room where your family will feel comfortable and welcome. All appliances are new or recent ; it's our home and not an impersonal place. We provide bed linen and towels. Guest have access to all the apartment. I'll do the contact for the booking and will be present to give the keys and introduce you to the place ; if it's not me, a friend will show you the apartment. The neighborhood is safe, very convenient for all practical aspects (shopping, metro, access to airports and train stations) and close to major parisian attractions : 10 minutes walking distance to the Pompidou Centre, 15-20 to the Louvre, 15 to the Garnier Opéra, 5 to Arts et métiers, 10 to The Marais... From both airports, RER B to Le
29968	Entièrement refait à neuf en 2014 et aménagé comme une chambre d'hôtel, le studio est équipé d'une mezzanine, d'un canapé convertible, d'un coffre-fort, d'une salle de bain, d'un sèche-cheveux, d'une toilette, d'un coin de kitchenette, des ustensiles de cuisine, d'un frigo, d'un four à micro-ondes, d'un coin repas, d'un TV intégré d'un lecteur DVD, d'Internet Wifi, d'une grande fenêtre de double vitrage et de décorations soignées... Je vous fournis le linge de lit, mais je ne fournis pas les serviettes de bain. Il est à 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. Il faudra vous munir d'une photocopie de la pièce d'identité et de l'original à la réception des clés  Interdiction formelle d’utiliser ce lieu pour des actes frauduleux et de ne pas détériorer l'appartement sous peine d'engager une procédure judiciaire. Vivre ensemble, c’est participer au quotidien à la qualité du cadre de vie et à la tranquillité de tous. Vous devez ainsi prendre connaissance des conditions nécessaires pour un cadre de vie 	Jolie studio indépendant, très lumineux et calme, situé en plein cœur de Paris. Ce studio est parfait pour 1 à 2 personnes qui souhaitent un séjour historique, festif, gastronomique et reposant en fin de journée. Entièrement refait à neuf en 2014 et aménagé comme une chambre d'hôtel, le studio est équipé d'une mezzanine, d'un canapé convertible, d'un coffre-fort, d'une salle de bain, d'un sèche-cheveux, d'une toilette, d'un coin de kitchenette, des ustensiles de cuisine, d'un frigo, d'un four à micro-ondes, d'un coin repas, d'un TV intégré d'un lecteur DVD, d'Internet Wifi, d'une grande fenêtre de double vitrage et de décorations soignées... Je vous fournis le linge de lit, mais je ne fournis pas les serviettes de bain. Il est à 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. Il faudra vous munir d'une photocopie de la pièce d'identité et de l'original à la réception des clés  Interdiction formelle d’utiliser ce lieu pour des actes frauduleux et de ne pas détériorer l'appartement sous peine d'engager une 
29969	Placed in the heart of Paris (Montorgueil Neighborhood) This mini duplex (master bedroom + attic room) can accommodate up to 4 people. The main room has a sofa bed for 2. An internal staircase leads to the attic room which is equipped with a real double bed. The bathroom has a bath, toilet with a hairdryer and all needed (towels, shampoo, soap, cotton, Kleenex etc ...). The apartment has a kitchenette equipped (washing machine, vitro ceramic hob, fridge, microwave, espresso machine, cutlery and crockery. Other facilities are also available: A safe, fast internet, cable TV, DVD player, books. From the apartment you can explore on foot the Louvre, the Georges Pompidou Center (Beaubourg), the Forum des Halles, the Palais Royal, the Grands Boulevards, the Paris Opera and department stores such as Printemps and Galeries Lafayette and two Apple Stores (Louvre and Opera). The area is very central this list is not exhaustive and many other tourist attractions are easy ballads reach. Well serve	This mini duplex welcomes you in the attic at the center of Paris from 2 to 4 people. Close to many restaurants street, department stores and museums in the capital. It is accessible from both airports by direct RER and minutes from railway stations Placed in the heart of Paris (Montorgueil Neighborhood) This mini duplex (master bedroom + attic room) can accommodate up to 4 people. The main room has a sofa bed for 2. An internal staircase leads to the attic room which is equipped with a real double bed. The bathroom has a bath, toilet with a hairdryer and all needed (towels, shampoo, soap, cotton, Kleenex etc ...). The apartment has a kitchenette equipped (washing machine, vitro ceramic hob, fridge, microwave, espresso machine, cutlery and crockery. Other facilities are also available: A safe, fast internet, cable TV, DVD player, books. From the apartment you can explore on foot the Louvre, the Georges Pompidou Center (Beaubourg), the Forum des Halles, the Palais Royal, the Grands Boul
29970		Enjoy your stay in Paris in a nice and cosy apartment, located at the heart of Paris: 2 minutes walking to train station, and close to main nice areas as Marais or Opera districts. 2 double bedrooms available, spacious with a small balcony.
29971	A cosy bedroom with two windows, a modern bathroom with a walk-in shower and a large living room with a very comfy sofa, flat screen and open kitchen fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, toaster, mixer, fridge, freezer, induction plate, oven, etc).	"Entirely renovated in 2015 with taste and a genuine Parisian flair, a very warm and cosy apartment fully equipped in the very hype 2nd ""arrondissement"" full of typical cafes & shops (bakeries, cheese, wine, etc) with 4 metro lines  within 5min walk. A cosy bedroom with two windows, a modern bathroom with a walk-in shower and a large living room with a very comfy sofa, flat screen and open kitchen fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, toaster, mixer, fridge, freezer, induction plate, oven, etc). WIFI Cable TV Happy to give tips to all our guest as we work in hospitality, we have access to concierge tips :) The 2nd arrondissement is THE neighborhood where is it ""cool"" to hang out nowadays in Paris. It features great restaurants and cafes, fantastic groceries with very tasty products, and very typical street where it is nice to walk around and just get inspired by the Parisian flair :) The flat is walking disatance (5min) to Rue Montorgueuil (best Parisian groceries) and Grand Boul"
29972		"Beautiful, full equipped, silent flat in the heart of Paris. Comfortable living room with perfect kitchen equipped with micro-oven, oven, dishwasher and every tool to prepare meal. One large bedroom and an amazing (email hidden)e place to be in Paris! Once you will get to the apartment, the guardian will provide you with the keys and all information. The guardian will help you during the working hours (from 8 to 11 am / from 17 to 20 pm). The area is nice, very central, there are a lot of bars and restaurant, and beautiful shops. Rue Greneta is very cozy and quiet hence there isn't any noise the evening. Is the perfect place to discover the real ""parisian"" life! Tube Stations: Line 3 - Sentier Line 4 - Etienne Marcel / Reaumur Sebastopol  Line 1, 11, 14, RER A, RER B, RER D - Chatelet - Les Halles And there are a lot of bus stations as well."
29973	 In the heart of Montorgueil, in the 2nd district, on the first floor of a historic and classified building. Newly refitted, kitchen with all the amenities, bright, 5 big windows for 48 square meters, bathroom with big tub, dressing, bedroom with shutters and blinds. There's Wi-Fi, TV with international channels, DVD/CD player, electric fan. It's a very sought after area, pedestrian streets, markets, cinemas, theatre, close to everything Paris has to offer. One of the highlight of this wonderful part of Paris are the prototypical of indoor shopping malls, the Galleries, which got their start in 1786 when the Duke of Orleans realized that there was money to be made by renting out his cloistered garden to small shops.  A walking tour of the galleries can easily be accomplished in an hour or so, and is worthwhile. Start with La Gallerie Vivienne which is the best preserved of the galleries and whose décor has been maintained in authentic colors from the era. It's really the mosaic floor w	 In the heart of Montorgueil, in the 2nd district, on the first floor of a historic and classified building. Newly refitted, kitchen with all the amenities, bright, 5 big windows for 48 square meters, bathroom with big tub, dressing, bedroom with shutters and blinds. There's Wi-Fi, TV with international channels, DVD/CD player, electric fan. It's a very sought after area, pedestrian streets, markets, cinemas, theatre, close to everything Paris has to offer. One of the highlight of this wonderful part of Paris are the prototypical of indoor shopping malls, the Galleries, which got their start in 1786 when the Duke of Orleans realized that there was money to be made by renting out his cloistered garden to small shops.  A walking tour of the galleries can easily be accomplished in an hour or so, and is worthwhile. Start with La Gallerie Vivienne which is the best preserved of the galleries and whose décor has been maintained in authentic colors from the era. It's really the mosaic floor w
29974	Main bed : 2 places high quality futon over tatamis.  Sofa : convertible 1 place high quality futon.	In Montorgueil/Saint-Denis district, loft-type apartment of 20sqm (w/ opened bathroom and closed wc) at the 3rd floor of an ancient cloister of the 18th century under renovation.  Next to metros 3&4, and Beaubourg,  Le Marais, Les Halles... Main bed : 2 places high quality futon over tatamis.  Sofa : convertible 1 place high quality futon.
29975	Ce magnifique 3 pièces de 60m2 comprend un grand salon avec une cuisine américaine, 2 chambres et une salle d'eau avec douche et wc.  Le salon est équipé d'un téléviseur avec plus de 100 chaines et d'un lecteur dvd. Vous pourrez vous reposer grâce aux deux canapés dont l'un convertible en couchage 2 personnes.  Les chambres sont équipées de lits doubles. L'une est agrémentée d'une télévision et l'autre d'un ordinateur pc avec accès à internet 24/24, en plus du wifi à disposition gratuitement.  La salle d'eau a le mérite de posséder une douche spacieuse et moderne, ainsi qu'un wc.  A votre arrivée, l'appartement sera prêt à vous accueillir dans un état de propreté irréprochable. Les serviettes de bain et draps sont également fournis. 	Ce magnifique 3 pièces de 60m2 comprend un grand salon avec une cuisine américaine, 2 chambres et une salle d'eau avec douche et wc.  Le salon est équipé d'un téléviseur avec plus de 100 chaines et d'un lecteur dvd. Vous pourrez vous reposer grâce aux deux canapés dont l'un convertible en couchage 2 personnes.  Les chambres sont équipées de lits doubles. L'une est agrémentée d'une télévision et l'autre d'un ordinateur pc avec accès à internet 24/24, en plus du wifi à disposition gratuitement.  La salle d'eau a le mérite de posséder une douche spacieuse et moderne, ainsi qu'un wc.  A votre arrivée, l'appartement sera prêt à vous accueillir dans un état de propreté irréprochable. Les serviettes de bain et draps sont également fournis.  Appartement entier Les échanges se feront soit par email soit par téléphone (les emails sont privilégiés afin de garder une trace de toutes les conversations)  Il est idéalement situé, dans le quartier piétonnier très prisé de Montorgueil,en plein coeur de
29976	PLEASE READ: This is on the 5th floor and since the building is some hundreds of years old, there is no elevator.  If you plan your day well you only have to climb the steps once a day.  If you don't think that living like a local in the heart of Paris is for you, stop reading now! :-)   Still here?  Okay, well, this is the only rentable space in Paris that comes with a professional tour guide.  I *sometimes* live in the apartment in a private bedroom (when I'm not traveling) but I am always available to answer your needs 24/7 whether I'm there or not, AND I offer a buy one get one free on any of the tours my company runs (find out more by searching for Paris Foot Walks on the internet).  The kitchen has every appliance you can think of, including an awesome Nespresso machine, and just around the corner from the apartment you will find traditional and open air markets.   I'm an avid AirBNB user and you will see from my profile that I have both hosted and rented all over the world and h	A kitchen, shower, bathroom & living room with a futon. You are in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, in the center of Paris close to many major attractions. I am sometimes present in an adjoining private room, but often I am out of town traveling. PLEASE READ: This is on the 5th floor and since the building is some hundreds of years old, there is no elevator.  If you plan your day well you only have to climb the steps once a day.  If you don't think that living like a local in the heart of Paris is for you, stop reading now! :-)   Still here?  Okay, well, this is the only rentable space in Paris that comes with a professional tour guide.  I *sometimes* live in the apartment in a private bedroom (when I'm not traveling) but I am always available to answer your needs 24/7 whether I'm there or not, AND I offer a buy one get one free on any of the tours my company runs (find out more by searching for Paris Foot Walks on the internet).  The kitchen has every appliance you can think of, i
29977	"We propose a large and atypic apartment (loft type), of about 90 m² / 1000 squared feet. The ceilings are pretty high, sky-light comes from sky-domes and severalother  little windows ... It is an ideal place for 4 people, whether two couples, a family or a group of 4... Since there are 2 bedrooms with a double bed in each room. But it can sleep 6 people, since we have an air-bed (honouring the original airbnb idea/concept!) Our minimum stay is 5 nights. Also our place is ideal for 4 but exceptionnally we accept 5 people depending on the group/family/party visiting. So check the calendar and send us a message to enquire! It is honestly a great space to live, pretty generous in size for Paris standards...  There is a large living room with two large sofas, a kitchen and ""salle à manger"", two separate bedrooms with 2 large beds (each confortable for two persons). But please note that there is only one bath and one separate toilet...  It is on 1st floor (without elevator), of an old typica"	Enjoy our vast and confortable loft located in the heart of Paris, historical lively foodies' paradise RUE MONTORGEUIL Quiet, well equipped, good WIFI, 2 bedrooms atypic space. Will fit family or friends gathering. Do ask specific for questions/needs We propose a large and atypic apartment (loft type), of about 90 m² / 1000 squared feet. The ceilings are pretty high, sky-light comes from sky-domes and severalother  little windows ... It is an ideal place for 4 people, whether two couples, a family or a group of 4... Since there are 2 bedrooms with a double bed in each room. But it can sleep 6 people, since we have an air-bed (honouring the original airbnb idea/concept!) Our minimum stay is 5 nights. Also our place is ideal for 4 but exceptionnally we accept 5 people depending on the group/family/party visiting. So check the calendar and send us a message to enquire! It is honestly a great space to live, pretty generous in size for Paris standards...  There is a large living room with t
29978	Studio de charme de 21m2 en plein coeur du quartier piéton de Montorgueil. Dans la célèbre petite rue commençante rue du Nil.  L appartement se trouve au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Il est lumineux et au calme. Poutres, parquet et séparation en verrière intérieur en font son charme.	Studio de charme de 21m2 en plein coeur du quartier piéton de Montorgueil. Dans la célèbre petite rue commençante rue du Nil.  L appartement se trouve au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Il est lumineux et au calme. Poutres, parquet et séparation en verrière intérieur en font son charme. Petite rue piétonne connue pour ses commerces de bouches (poissonnier, primeur...) et le célèbre restaurant Frenchie. A réserver dés votre arrivée ! Je serai la a votre arrivée et à votre depart, Je suis à votre disposition pour vous donner toutes les adresses sympathiques du quartier, Metro : Sentier  Parking Vinci proche
29979	Our flat have 1 bed rooms and allow to accommodate for 4 persons. There are 1  comfortable  bed and in the bedroom a convertible bed.  The apartment has one bathroom and separate toilet .  Wireless internet are provided. All bed sheets and towels are provided. Definitely let me know if you have any other questions! This apartment located at the center of so many popular neighborhoods in Paris:- Le Marais, Beaubourg , Ile-de-la cite, Ile St-Louis , Opera district, Les halls and Montmarte etc. . It's just a few minute walk from Musée du Louvre and Centre Pompidou , and 10 minute from the Musée Picasso. Le Lourve Museum,8mins walk  Pompidou Museum, 8 mins walk  Picasso, 10 min Notre Dame, 15mins walk  Tuileries Park, 10mins walk  Lafayette Shopping center, 20 mins walk  Montmartre, 25mins walk Almost all metro are close by at the Les halls or Etienne Marcel (line 1 ,4 , 11 ,14 and RER ). The RER B line take you straight from the CDG airport to Les Halls Station and take another 5 mins wal	    Deux-pièces perché sur les toits, à 2 pas du Marais et du Louvres, à 300m de Beaubourg, complètement équipé pour 4 personnes. Son balcon vous attend pour passer des moments uniques, calmes et discrets, en plein coeur du quartier Montorgueil.    Our flat have 1 bed rooms and allow to accommodate for 4 persons. There are 1  comfortable  bed and in the bedroom a convertible bed.  The apartment has one bathroom and separate toilet .  Wireless internet are provided. All bed sheets and towels are provided. Definitely let me know if you have any other questions! This apartment located at the center of so many popular neighborhoods in Paris:- Le Marais, Beaubourg , Ile-de-la cite, Ile St-Louis , Opera district, Les halls and Montmarte etc. . It's just a few minute walk from Musée du Louvre and Centre Pompidou , and 10 minute from the Musée Picasso. Le Lourve Museum,8mins walk  Pompidou Museum, 8 mins walk  Picasso, 10 min Notre Dame, 15mins walk  Tuileries Park, 10mins walk  Lafayette Shop
29980	PLEASE please please read the flat description carefully and if after doing that you have any further questions, don't hesitate to contact me! This cosy and picturesque apartment provides an intimate and homely stay in the heart of Paris with all the necessary conveniences and comforts for those who want to experience the real Parisian life. It is ideal for a couple looking for that romantic stay in the city of love or for one person or two friends looking to experience all that the city has to offer.  It is located in a quiet street, perfect for those who want to enjoy a peaceful stay. There are also plenty of bars, restaurants from all over the world, supermarkets, cinemas, theaters, shops just around the corner.  Spacious and luminous, you will feel at home and relax after a day of sightseeing. If it's not too cold you can even put the yellow table out on the lovely balcony and start your day having breakfast or brunch overlooking the Sacre Coeur! If its too warm out on the balcony,	PLEASE please please read the flat description carefully and if after doing that you have any further questions, don't hesitate to contact me! This cosy and picturesque apartment provides an intimate and homely stay in the heart of Paris with all the necessary conveniences and comforts for those who want to experience the real Parisian life. It is ideal for a couple looking for that romantic stay in the city of love or for one person or two friends looking to experience all that the city has to offer.  It is located in a quiet street, perfect for those who want to enjoy a peaceful stay. There are also plenty of bars, restaurants from all over the world, supermarkets, cinemas, theaters, shops just around the corner.  Spacious and luminous, you will feel at home and relax after a day of sightseeing. If it's not too cold you can even put the yellow table out on the lovely balcony and start your day having breakfast or brunch overlooking the Sacre Coeur! If its too warm out on the balcony,
29981	Sweet Paris (our name for the studio) is composed by two pieces face to face which seperated the bedroom from kitchen and shower area. Please note that in your bedroom there is no toilet and shower but you have to cross the hallway.Totally around 20m². Suitable for close friends and couples travelling short stay in Paris. You won't disturb each other when one wants to take a nap and the other need take showers or do some cooking as you are in two difference space and each part has a door. Possible for a family with a child.	Completely renovated in 2014, clean, confortable, all equipped in 20m² in the lively Montorgueil in the very center of Paris and near to most sightseeing spots. Bedroom seperated from kitchen and shower to ensure you a sound sleep in the night. Sweet Paris (our name for the studio) is composed by two pieces face to face which seperated the bedroom from kitchen and shower area. Please note that in your bedroom there is no toilet and shower but you have to cross the hallway.Totally around 20m². Suitable for close friends and couples travelling short stay in Paris. You won't disturb each other when one wants to take a nap and the other need take showers or do some cooking as you are in two difference space and each part has a door. Possible for a family with a child. Easy access to all that Paris offers. Many of the city centers like Museum Louvre, Notre Dame de Paris are accessible by walking. No fewer than 9 metro lines are within 5 minutes can get you anywhere you want including direct
29982	Parisian Chic – Your gorgeous apartment in the center of town In one of the prettiest squares of Paris, the apartment will be your peaceful oasis in the heart of the action. You will be a throw-stone from the Opera house, the Galeries Lafayette, walking distance to the Louvre, les Tuileries, Place Vendome, etc.  On the 6th floor of a gorgeous 19th century building, this very large apartment (160 square meters) is full of light, with four exposures, bay windows everywhere, that open into a typical Parisian balcony, large enough for you to enjoy a glass of the evening as the sun literally sets into the apartment, or your breakfast, before heading out.  The reception area is a very large double living room, and a comfortable living room. The apartment has two bedrooms with queen-size beds, each with balconies and bay-windows, two full and large bathrooms, two separate toilets. The kitchen is large (fully equipped of course), with big windows.  What more to say… If you are looking for a ch	Parisian Chic – Your gorgeous apartment in the center of town In one of the prettiest squares of Paris, the apartment will be your peaceful oasis in the heart of the action. You will be a throw-stone from the Opera house, the Galeries Lafayette, walking distance to the Louvre, les Tuileries, Place Vendome, etc.  On the 6th floor of a gorgeous 19th century building, this very large apartment (160 square meters) is full of light, with four exposures, bay windows everywhere, that open into a typical Parisian balcony, large enough for you to enjoy a glass of the evening as the sun literally sets into the apartment, or your breakfast, before heading out.  The reception area is a very large double living room, and a comfortable living room. The apartment has two bedrooms with queen-size beds, each with balconies and bay-windows, two full and large bathrooms, two separate toilets. The kitchen is large (fully equipped of course), with big windows.  What more to say… If you are looking for a ch
29983		Apartment in the heart of Paris , close to the Louvre and the Palais Royal. Two cozy and pleasant rooms with a view over the Parisian rooftops . Metro 2 min away. All touristic places close by
29984	The flat is located in a typically parisian old styled building (built about 1800). There is absolutely no noise. Can accomodate  - 1 couple in private room - 1 single person and a baby in a private room  - a foldable couch. The kitchen is separate.	"This lovely flat is located between Opéra and Palais-Royal. Monuments are in walking distance (Opéra - 2 min, Palais Royal 2 min, Louvre 5 min)... Accommodates 1 couple (queen bed) + 1 couple (foldable couch) + 1 single + 1 baby. The flat is located in a typically parisian old styled building (built about 1800). There is absolutely no noise. Can accomodate  - 1 couple in private room - 1 single person and a baby in a private room  - a foldable couch. The kitchen is separate. Digital lock and double security door. The owners will be out, there will be someone to welcome you. The flat is located in a specific neighbourhood : the ""Little Tokyo"" with a large selection of restaurants.  It is near a covered walkway (specific in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris). Many parisian monuments of right bank are in walking distance ! The most convenient subway stations are Opéra / 4-Septembre / RichelieuDrouot... From CDG and Orly airport, you can take RER B direct line, get off at Châtelet and walk 1"
29985	"Appartement confortable et très charmant avec poutres apparentes qui propose tout le confort nécessaire. Internet en Wifi  TV écran plat + le câble 1 vrai lit très confortable 1 salle de bain avec une douche, wc  1 cuisine équipée (thé et café offert) 1 machine à laver et sécher le linge  Draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis Parfaitement situé rue Tiquetonne, l’appartement est entouré de nombreux café, d'excellent restaurants et bistrots branché A quelques pas seulement, plusieurs commerces ou vous pourrez acheter baguettes, vins, fromages et bien d'autres produits frais. L'emplacement vous permet de marcher ers tous les lieux touristiques de Paris: Louvre, Marais, Centre Pompidou, notre Dame, places des Vosges... ""Etienne Marcel"" - ligne 4 ""Châtelet Les Halles"" lignes 1, 4, 14 &  RER A et B, D (station direct de l'aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle) Internet en Wifi  TV écran plat + le câble 1 vrai lit très confortable 1 salle de bain avec une douche, wc  1 cuisine équipée (thé"	"Appartement confortable et très charmant avec poutres apparentes qui propose tout le confort nécessaire. Internet en Wifi  TV écran plat + le câble 1 vrai lit très confortable 1 salle de bain avec une douche, wc  1 cuisine équipée (thé et café offert) 1 machine à laver et sécher le linge  Draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis Parfaitement situé rue Tiquetonne, l’appartement est entouré de nombreux café, d'excellent restaurants et bistrots branché A quelques pas seulement, plusieurs commerces ou vous pourrez acheter baguettes, vins, fromages et bien d'autres produits frais. L'emplacement vous permet de marcher ers tous les lieux touristiques de Paris: Louvre, Marais, Centre Pompidou, notre Dame, places des Vosges... ""Etienne Marcel"" - ligne 4 ""Châtelet Les Halles"" lignes 1, 4, 14 &  RER A et B, D (station direct de l'aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle) Internet en Wifi  TV écran plat + le câble 1 vrai lit très confortable 1 salle de bain avec une douche, wc  1 cuisine équipée (thé"
29986	The apartment is located in an old building, typical of the central districts of Paris. It is located on the 2nd floor with no elevator.  All of the decoration of the apartment was carefully chosen. It is the perfect balance between the antique and modern designs, adding strong materials such as wood to contemporary minimalist furniture. Entering the apartment, you will discover a bright living room with views to the street. It features a couch, a dining table, an open kitchen and a dishwasher. An elegant wooden corridor leads you to a bathroom equipped with an Italian shower, separate toilets, and then a room with a 140 cm double bed. It is the ideal place for 2.	Perfect balance between the modern and the antique designs, you will quickly feel at home in this apartment. Equipped with all the necessary comfort, this 47 square meters one-bedroom apartment will enable you to fully enjoy your 2-people stay. The apartment is located in an old building, typical of the central districts of Paris. It is located on the 2nd floor with no elevator.  All of the decoration of the apartment was carefully chosen. It is the perfect balance between the antique and modern designs, adding strong materials such as wood to contemporary minimalist furniture. Entering the apartment, you will discover a bright living room with views to the street. It features a couch, a dining table, an open kitchen and a dishwasher. An elegant wooden corridor leads you to a bathroom equipped with an Italian shower, separate toilets, and then a room with a 140 cm double bed. It is the ideal place for 2. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an e
29987		Comfortable, full-of-light, 2 bedroom appartment in 18th c. building. Very central & fancy Montorgueil area. 80m², large rooms, very high ceiling. Convenient transports . 10-20 mns walks to all cultural spots (Louvre Montmartre Bastille). Great spot! We now have a confortable convertible sofa bed in our living room (for those who know Poltronesofa, very good Italian brand ...). The apartment's capacity goes up to 6. For example : one couple in master's bed room, one couple in the living room and two kids in the kids bedroom. To be very honest, please keep in mind there is one comfortable bathroom, and one toilet.
29988	"Cozy, bright and newly renovated flat in the very heart of Marais, one of the cutest and lively neighbourhoods in Paris. The flat counts 40 m2 and is composed by one bedroom one living and dining room, bathroom with shower cabin, fully-equipped kitchen. The flat is stylish, quiet and furnished with taste. It is ideal for two people. The bed has an extra-comfy mattress and your sleep will be extremely quiet due to the fact that the room gives towards an interior courtyard.  The flat is on the fifth floor (no lift in this ancient building) in a typical Parisian ""Maison"" very close to several restaurants, bars in on of the trendiest areas of the city.  Close to several metro stations: République, Arts et Metiers, Rambuteau et Temple, as well as to velib (bike sharing) and autolib (car-sharing) stations, the flat is the perfect base to explore Paris. It is also within walking distance from some  major sightseeing spots: Centre Pompidou (7 minutes ), Hôtel de Ville (10 minutes), Les Halles "	"Cozy, bright and newly renovated flat in the very heart of Marais, one of the cutest and lively neighbourhoods in Paris. The flat counts 40 m2 and is composed by one bedroom one living and dining room, bathroom with shower cabin, fully-equipped kitchen. The flat is stylish, quiet and furnished with taste. It is ideal for two people. The bed has an extra-comfy mattress and your sleep will be extremely quiet due to the fact that the room gives towards an interior courtyard.  The flat is on the fifth floor (no lift in this ancient building) in a typical Parisian ""Maison"" very close to several restaurants, bars in on of the trendiest areas of the city.  Close to several metro stations: République, Arts et Metiers, Rambuteau et Temple, as well as to velib (bike sharing) and autolib (car-sharing) stations, the flat is the perfect base to explore Paris. It is also within walking distance from some  major sightseeing spots: Centre Pompidou (7 minutes ), Hôtel de Ville (10 minutes), Les Halles "
29989	"In the center of Paris in the Grands Boulevards area. A lot of restaurants around in the covered passages and in the Streets nearby including the famous ""Chartier"" restaurant. The studio appartment is on the top floor ""sous les toits"" (no elev The studio appartment is on the top floor ""sous les toits"" (no elevator sorry!) which gives a lot of charm to the place with its beams and roof Windows. Honestly it hardly fits for big persons but if you are less high than 2 meters you will be absolutely fine! There is a bathroom inside the appartment with a shower and a WC. There are 2 beds :  one bed in the mezzanine (carefull roof is really low as shown on the picture!), the other bed is the sofa that is ""convertible"" to a bed so the mattress is a thin one but ok to sleep.  A lot of bars and restaurants around in the covered passages and in the Streets nearby including the famous ""Chartier"" restaurant.   The building is quiet and 5 mintutes walk from metro station Grand Boulevard (lines 8 and "	"In the center of Paris in the Grands Boulevards area. A lot of restaurants around in the covered passages and in the Streets nearby including the famous ""Chartier"" restaurant. The studio appartment is on the top floor ""sous les toits"" (no elev The studio appartment is on the top floor ""sous les toits"" (no elevator sorry!) which gives a lot of charm to the place with its beams and roof Windows. Honestly it hardly fits for big persons but if you are less high than 2 meters you will be absolutely fine! There is a bathroom inside the appartment with a shower and a WC. There are 2 beds :  one bed in the mezzanine (carefull roof is really low as shown on the picture!), the other bed is the sofa that is ""convertible"" to a bed so the mattress is a thin one but ok to sleep.  A lot of bars and restaurants around in the covered passages and in the Streets nearby including the famous ""Chartier"" restaurant.   The building is quiet and 5 mintutes walk from metro station Grand Boulevard (lines 8 and "
29990	The apartment comprises 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms,  1 living room and a dining room. 2 of the bedrooms are situated in a mezzanine.	This is the heart of Paris next to the Opera a few minutes from the Louvres, Place Vendôme and the Avenue de la Paix.  The apartment is on the 6th floor of a typical Haussmann building and extremely quiet even though it is centrally located. The apartment comprises 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms,  1 living room and a dining room. 2 of the bedrooms are situated in a mezzanine. Guests have access to the whole appartment. Very close to metro and buses. We have a cat who can either stay or leave depending on your preference. For guests coming from outside France we can also provide a mobile smartphone with unlimited calls and internet access for the length of your stay. 
29991	- pièce principale lumineuse avec ses 3 grandes fenêtres. Parquet. Canapé lit très confortable en 140. Commode et armoire de rangement. - cuisine équipée avec plaques vitrocéramique, réfrigérateur, micro-onde, cafetière nespresso (capsules fournies), bouilloire, grille pain.. - salle de bain avec grande douche - toilettes dans la salle de bain draps et serviettes fournis - sèche cheveux	Joli studio de 24m2, entièrement refait à neuf, dans une rue calme du quartier animé de Montorgueil. Sur cour, lumineux, au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. A 200 m du métro Etienne Marcel. Un quartier central et pratique pour visiter tout Paris ! - pièce principale lumineuse avec ses 3 grandes fenêtres. Parquet. Canapé lit très confortable en 140. Commode et armoire de rangement. - cuisine équipée avec plaques vitrocéramique, réfrigérateur, micro-onde, cafetière nespresso (capsules fournies), bouilloire, grille pain.. - salle de bain avec grande douche - toilettes dans la salle de bain draps et serviettes fournis - sèche cheveux Je me ferai un plaisir de vous donner de bonnes adresses et de vous aider dans votre programme de visites. Quartier très vivant avec de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. A proximité immédiate la rue Montorgueil, le centre commercial des Halles, le Centre Beaubourg Georges Pompidou, et le quartier du Marais. Station de métro Etienne Marcel à 200 m. RER Les Hal
29992		Spacious flat in the center of Paris, in Montorgueil neighborhood.  4 metro lines to go anywhere in Paris in 10 minutes. Very luminous. 2 beds to accommodate up to 4 person.  Completely restored.  Washing machine, dishwasher, wifi, TV...
29993	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Montorgueil neighborhood with this newly refurbished 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in a few minutes walk and will enjoy the real Parisian life with all its cafes, restaurants, food shops and so much more around. On the 2nd floor ( NO elevator) overlooking the street on one side and a quiet and sunny inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering the flat you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge and dinner space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, cooktops, combined microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home. The lounge part will offer you enough space to relax watching TV, surfing on the web or reading a nice book. The bedroom : It offers a queen size bed (160x200)	Be welcome in the center of Paris in the famous Montorgueil neighborhood with this newly refurbished flat. This 2 rooms flat offers all you need for a comfortable stay : 1 separate bedroom, bathroom and toilets, equipped kitchen and TV/Internet tools Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Montorgueil neighborhood with this newly refurbished 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in a few minutes walk and will enjoy the real Parisian life with all its cafes, restaurants, food shops and so much more around. On the 2nd floor ( NO elevator) overlooking the street on one side and a quiet and sunny inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering the flat you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge and dinner space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, cooktops, combined microwave-oven, dishwasher, f
29994	L'appartement est très bien équipé, en parfait état. Il est très charmant avec ses poutres apparentes et très clairs grâce à 2 grandes fenêtres. La cabine de douche est très vaste. L'appartement est situé en plein coeur de Paris, il est extrêmement bien desservi. Cela vous permettra d'aller à pieds visiter, si vous le souhaitez,  l'opéra, le Louvre...	"En plein coeur de PARIS, quartier de Montorgueuil, au 3eme étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, magnifique appartement très cosy en parfait état, poutres apparentes,parquet, totalement équipé (cuisine, douche, WC, internet, télé, micro onde). L'appartement est très bien équipé, en parfait état. Il est très charmant avec ses poutres apparentes et très clairs grâce à 2 grandes fenêtres. La cabine de douche est très vaste. L'appartement est situé en plein coeur de Paris, il est extrêmement bien desservi. Cela vous permettra d'aller à pieds visiter, si vous le souhaitez,  l'opéra, le Louvre... Check out : 10h Check In  : 15h je souhaiterais échanger soit par le site, soit par email ou whatsapp. le cuartear est piéton tous les week end et le marché Montorgueil en fait la principale attractivité, avec ses restaurants, bars et boutiques branchés. L'accès peut s'effectuer soit par la station de métro ""Sentier"" ligne 3 soit par la station ""Bonne nouvelle"" lignes 8 ou 9."
29995	Hello, This cosy and quiet 2 room apartment (20 m2, 215 ft2) is in the middle of the pedestrian quartier Montorgueil which itself is in the very center of Paris allowing you to walk to most touristic spots of PAris:  - 5 mn to the Louvre, les Halles, Beaubourg Pompidou museum, le Marais  .... - 10 mn to Notre Dame and the place des Vosges - 30mn to the Champs Elysées, Montmartre and the Eiffel tower It (email hidden) of the metro (Station Sentiers, line 3, station Etienne Marcel line 4, les Halles lines 4, 1, 14 and RER A and B. The apartment is at the 7th floor (with elevator) and dominates the roofs of Paris. There are plenty of shops and restaurants down the street. I'll be happy to welcome you and to give you my best tips and all the explanations you could need. Sheets and towels are provided. I am waiting for you.	Hello, This cosy and quiet 2 room apartment (20 m2, 215 ft2) is in the middle of the pedestrian quartier Montorgueil which itself is in the very center of Paris allowing you to walk to most touristic spots of PAris:  - 5 mn to the Louvre, les Halles, Beaubourg Pompidou museum, le Marais  .... - 10 mn to Notre Dame and the place des Vosges - 30mn to the Champs Elysées, Montmartre and the Eiffel tower It (email hidden) of the metro (Station Sentiers, line 3, station Etienne Marcel line 4, les Halles lines 4, 1, 14 and RER A and B. The apartment is at the 7th floor (with elevator) and dominates the roofs of Paris. There are plenty of shops and restaurants down the street. I'll be happy to welcome you and to give you my best tips and all the explanations you could need. Sheets and towels are provided. I am waiting for you.
29996	LA SITUATION GEOGRAPHIQUE PRES DE TOUT ET DES POINTS CULTURELS PRINCIPAUX COMMERCES TRES PROCHES IMMEBLE DU 17EME SIECLE ET STUDIO AVEC POUTRES AU 4 EME ET DERNIER ETAGE TRES LUMINEUX 	BEAU STUDIO AU CENTRE  DE PARIS 20 M2 TOUT CONFORT  MEUBLE ENTREE SALLE DE BAIN ET TOILETTE COIN CUISINE ET SEJOUR AVC CANAPE LIT INTERNET TV  A DEUX PAS DU COEUR TOURISTIQUE (louvre ,centre pompidou ,palais royal etc ) LA SITUATION GEOGRAPHIQUE PRES DE TOUT ET DES POINTS CULTURELS PRINCIPAUX COMMERCES TRES PROCHES IMMEBLE DU 17EME SIECLE ET STUDIO AVEC POUTRES AU 4 EME ET DERNIER ETAGE TRES LUMINEUX  AUX DIFFERENTS METRO A PROXIMITE  SENTIER CHATELET LES HALLES  JE PARLE ANGLAIS COURAMENT ET DISPONIBLE AU TEL ET SUR INTERNET QUARTIER JEUNE ET DYNAMIQUE COMMERCE A L ANCIENNE MARCHE ET BISTROTS AUTOUR PRESERVE BEAUCOUP DE CHARME  METRO SENTIER OU CHATELET LES HALLES  PAS DE CHIEN PAS FUMEURS 
29997		Mise à disposition d'une chambre, salle de bain, cuisine et équipement, dans le quartier du Sentier, au centre de Paris. Idéalement desservi par les réseaux de transports, beaucoup d'endroits sont aussi facilement accessibles à pied.
29998	55 square meter apartment in the basement. This is a lovely flat on last floor of typical french building where you can enjoy the great views on Parisian rooftops! The apartment is located on the 6th floor, be aware that there's no elevators! Wireless high speed internet Full kitchen with fridge, oven and microwave Equiped bathroom with hairdryer, toilet, washing machine Since the apartment is on top of Rue Montorgueil, you're in a perfect spot for either some nice markets, restaurants and bars where all locals enjoy themselves in the weekend around the rue Montorgueil.	Located in Paris city center, more precisely on top of the rue Montorgueil, this flat offers a lively neighborhood with lots of great restaurants, bars and shops from stylish to cheap. Walking distance to many famous and touristic areas.
29999	Under the roof tops of Paris you will sleep in silence. In the afternoon, the sun will pour into this little studio decorated with warm and welcoming colors. You can make yourself a meal in the mini kitchen and wash comfortably in the bathroom. Rest in the little reading corner before you tour the charming, typically Parisian neighborood... You are minutes from the Marais, Chatelet les Halles, shops, delicious retaurants, cafés, supermarkets, pharmacies. Everything is close by!	Take the stairs up to the 6th floor of this typically Parisian building to a very QUIETand BRIGHT studio for one or two people. Recently renovated, it has lots of charm! Meters from pituresque pedestrian streets, shops and restaurants. Under the roof tops of Paris you will sleep in silence. In the afternoon, the sun will pour into this little studio decorated with warm and welcoming colors. You can make yourself a meal in the mini kitchen and wash comfortably in the bathroom. Rest in the little reading corner before you tour the charming, typically Parisian neighborood... You are minutes from the Marais, Chatelet les Halles, shops, delicious retaurants, cafés, supermarkets, pharmacies. Everything is close by! Coded street door, then Intercom with key to get into the building. 6th floor walk up. Follow the fun colored doors on each floor as you reach the top of the building. We will greet you at the studio upon you arrival, show you how to use the various amenities of the building and t
