6300	Lovely	I have just moved in this apartment overlooking the Eiffel Tower and the Garnier Opera House and I wish everybody to share the experience of having breakfast on the balcony while admiring these two great monuments of Paris. To make it even more full Lovely
6301		Je propose une chambre d un 3 pièces   de 60 m2 au calme sur cour 1 er étage  Situé a 5 min du sacre cœur et de Pigalle La 2 eme chambre est occupée par mon colocataire très sympa et accueillant Accès sacre cœur Moulin rouge Quartier Pigalle  Magasin haussman Opéra Rue commerçante et tous commerces a proximité ( carrefour, boulangerie, restaurant ... ) Ligne 2 Anvers  Ligne 7 cadet Ligne 4 barbes  Gare du Nord Réseau de bus nombreux également
6302		Extra bed possible presence of a cat (very calm)
6303	One bedroom apartment located on the third floor of a typical parisian building. No elevator. Windows in all the rooms, one double bed, open kitchen with a bar. Living room with a large sofa, and armchairs for 5 to 6 people to sit and enjoy.  No bathtub, but large shower with the toilets in the same room. Very quiet building and the bedroom is great to sleep in as you won't be disturbed by any street noises. 	Lovely typical parisian flat in the heart of the 9th area. Not located on the street so it's really quiet. One bedroom apartment rue des Martyrs where you can find local grocery stores, hip restaurants and bars, cafees in the heart of Montmartre.  One bedroom apartment located on the third floor of a typical parisian building. No elevator. Windows in all the rooms, one double bed, open kitchen with a bar. Living room with a large sofa, and armchairs for 5 to 6 people to sit and enjoy.  No bathtub, but large shower with the toilets in the same room. Very quiet building and the bedroom is great to sleep in as you won't be disturbed by any street noises.  You won't have to share the apartment with (website hidden) and free Wifi are included. Kitchen is fully equipped with fridge and freezer, Nespresso machine, a blender and a hot pot. You can use the washing machine as well. To cook, you'll find 4 electric heating plates, an oven but no microwave.I keep one room for my stuff that you won'
6304	This wonderful apartment offers a spectacular view thanks to its magnificent bay windows. Moreover, it is perfectly equipped and functional. You will be charmed by its decoration. This is a top-quality accommodation in the French capital! This beautiful apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building of good quality, directly accessible by the elevator.  The entrance opens up on the spacious living room made up of a large storage unit, two large sofas, armchairs, chairs and small baroque tables as well as a beautiful glass table. You will also find a large American kitchen with a dining table and 4 high chairs. The living room is very bright thanks to its various bay windows which provide a pleasant view. Two bedrooms are at your disposal. One is large with a 180 cm double bed, an armchair, a wardrobe and a French window and features a stunning bathroom with a bathtub. The second one offers two 80 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double bed, a corner office and a	This wonderful apartment offers a spectacular view thanks to its magnificent bay windows. Moreover, it is perfectly equipped and functional. You will be charmed by its decoration. This is a top-quality accommodation in the French capital! This beautiful apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building of good quality, directly accessible by the elevator.  The entrance opens up on the spacious living room made up of a large storage unit, two large sofas, armchairs, chairs and small baroque tables as well as a beautiful glass table. You will also find a large American kitchen with a dining table and 4 high chairs. The living room is very bright thanks to its various bay windows which provide a pleasant view. Two bedrooms are at your disposal. One is large with a 180 cm double bed, an armchair, a wardrobe and a French window and features a stunning bathroom with a bathtub. The second one offers two 80 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double bed, a corner office and a
6305	The bed room (two windows on street) has an independent entrance, a double bed (160cmX200cm) for 2, a closet, a desk and a TV, refrigerator, microwave, boiler. It also has a bathroom with a washbasin, a toilet, a towel dryer and a shower with several options of jet (shower head or waterfall)	"Quiet and light bedroom with its own entrance. Like a studio with a nano kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave, boiler. We also provide a small double closet and a desk. A private bathroom with shower and toilet. A double bed (160X200) The bed room (two windows on street) has an independent entrance, a double bed (160cmX200cm) for 2, a closet, a desk and a TV, refrigerator, microwave, boiler. It also has a bathroom with a washbasin, a toilet, a towel dryer and a shower with several options of jet (shower head or waterfall) The district is hip and fashionable, very pleasant in full center of Paris and close from several points of interests: opera (10 min), Châtelet (15 min), Montorgueil (5mn), Gare du Nord station (express airport - 10 min), Le Marais (15mn) Food shops  and a lot of restaurants and bars are nearby (that is street of the fg Saint Denis, or in street Montorgueil) The location of the apartment offers a very good service for public transports (subway stations ""Bonne Nouvel"
6306	Our apartment has been fully refurbished in March 2015. It is bright and light with a 3m high ceiling. Our loft is very well located, warm and fully furnished. Towels and bed sheets are included for you to feel just like at the hotel. We are used to receiving guests.	Newly refurbished, our apartment is the perfect shelter for your stay in Paris. A charming, fully equipped and very well located loft near all public transports (Train, Metro, Bike), touristic sights (Opera) & shopping areas (Galeries Lafayette..). Our apartment has been fully refurbished in March 2015. It is bright and light with a 3m high ceiling. Our loft is very well located, warm and fully furnished. Towels and bed sheets are included for you to feel just like at the hotel. We are used to receiving guests. There plenty of great places surrounding our flat. You can find numerous restaurants at only 5 minutes walk from our place. Typically french but also offering food from all over the world. We are also very close to Galeries Lafayette and rue Saint-Honoré if you fancy a shopping spree. If you would like to go sight seeing, Opera is very close. There are also several concert venues and theatres as well museums such as: Louvre, Grévin, Centre Pompidou. Last but not least, the Eiffe
6307	The apartment was designed by architects. It's our home, so it is pleasant to live in: quiet and bright because of a huge skylight in the living room, located in the heart of Paris and in the new trendy area. Very large apartment (650 sq ft), fully equipped,  located on the 6th and last floor (no elevator), very quiet : it overlooks on 2 internal courtyards, 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom. The apartment is great for a couple or a family with children (there is a space for a baby bed in the room). The living room sofa can be converted into a bed. At any time of the day, the apartment is bright, even on a cloudy day. The big high ceiling gives a feeling of well-being and space. The living room is 30m ², comprising lounge (5-seater sofa) and dining room (large rustic wooden table 2m) The bedroom is independent, with a window and Velux. The bathroom is not very large but the shower is spacious. The kitchen is independent, with a window overlooking on the courtyard. This apartment in unus	Splendid architect-designed apartment, bright and quiet (huge skylight in the living room) located in the heart of the new trendy area of Paris. Total area : 640 sq ft (60 m²) Living room : 320 sq ft (30 m² ) The apartment was designed by architects. It's our home, so it is pleasant to live in: quiet and bright because of a huge skylight in the living room, located in the heart of Paris and in the new trendy area. Very large apartment (650 sq ft), fully equipped,  located on the 6th and last floor (no elevator), very quiet : it overlooks on 2 internal courtyards, 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom. The apartment is great for a couple or a family with children (there is a space for a baby bed in the room). The living room sofa can be converted into a bed. At any time of the day, the apartment is bright, even on a cloudy day. The big high ceiling gives a feeling of well-being and space. The living room is 30m ², comprising lounge (5-seater sofa) and dining room (large rustic wooden table 2
6308	Sa situation est idéale ( en plein cœur de Paris ) à côté du sacre cœur, appartement de caractère,typiquement parisien	Sa situation est idéale ( en plein cœur de Paris ) à côté du sacre cœur, appartement de caractère,typiquement parisien Les voyageurs auront accès à toutes les pièces  je m adapte à toutes les situations Le fait qu il soit en plein cœur de Paris, dans un quartier recherche et prise, avec tous les commerces au pied de l'immeuble Lignes 2 et 12 arrêts pigalle / saint georges
6309	The apartment is fully furnished and nicely decorated. Pictures will come soon !  Queen size bed in adults bedroom, child bed in a children bedroom (70 x 120 ) suitable for a baby and a toddler. A comfortable sofa-bed in the living room could accomodate one adult or a child.	It is a family size apartment with 2 bedrooms and one leaving room that could accomodate one couple and two kids. The apartment is located in the nicest area 5 min by foot to the funicular (a cable car) to Montmartre and 1 min to av. Trudaine The apartment is fully furnished and nicely decorated. Pictures will come soon !  Queen size bed in adults bedroom, child bed in a children bedroom (70 x 120 ) suitable for a baby and a toddler. A comfortable sofa-bed in the living room could accomodate one adult or a child. Guest have access to the the full apartment.
6310		Cet appartement de 61 m² en duplex est situé rue lafitte , Paris 9eme . Idéalement situé , très proche des grands magasins et des rues commerçantes , proche des petits commerces de la rue des Martyrs . Immeuble avec digicode A 5 mn du métro .
6311	Situated on the 5th floor ( with elevator ) of an Hausmann style building, my flat has a terrace with a little view on the Trinity church steeple.  It has been renovated in 2013 and it is bright, confortable and practical. Perfect for a couple with children or 4 people. Ideally situated to discover Paris, it is in the heart of the dynamic and well known 9th district. 2 bedrooms (1 with double bed and  1 with single bed ) Living room with sofa bed for 2 Fully equiped kitchen Bathroom with bath WC separated 10sqm terrace 	On the 5th floor with elevator, my 50 square meters flat with terrace is very sunny and ideally located to discover Montmartre- Pigalle, Moulin Rouge and Sacre Coeur and only 10mns walk from les Galeries Lafayette. Situated on the 5th floor ( with elevator ) of an Hausmann style building, my flat has a terrace with a little view on the Trinity church steeple.  It has been renovated in 2013 and it is bright, confortable and practical. Perfect for a couple with children or 4 people. Ideally situated to discover Paris, it is in the heart of the dynamic and well known 9th district. 2 bedrooms (1 with double bed and  1 with single bed ) Living room with sofa bed for 2 Fully equiped kitchen Bathroom with bath WC separated 10sqm terrace Easy access by car ( car park in front of the building), by metro ( direct to Montmartre ) and by bus ( direct to Champs Elysées avenue and Louvre museum ) Montparnasse Gare and Porte de Versailles ( where tradeshows are regularly organised ) are direct by met
6312	Situé en étage élevé, vous pourrez profiter de la vue sur les toits de Paris, il est très lumineux. C'est un régal que de s'assoir sur le petit banc réalisé sur mesure par nos soins, sur le rebord de fenêtre, avec la douce sensation d'être dehors...	Appartement 2 pièces de 40 mètres carré, idéalement situé dans une petite rue calme, au 4ème étage d'un bel immeuble hausmannien, lumineux. Il est en plein centre ville de Paris, proche de la Madeleine, de l'Opéra, et des Grands Magasins. Transports (bus et métros) à proximité. Situé en étage élevé, vous pourrez profiter de la vue sur les toits de Paris, il est très lumineux. C'est un régal que de s'assoir sur le petit banc réalisé sur mesure par nos soins, sur le rebord de fenêtre, avec la douce sensation d'être dehors... Accès au wifi gratuit, télévision (numéricable avec BeinSport), machine à laver Nous louons notre appartement lors de nos absences... Nous serons donc absents, et nous nous croiserons pour l'entrée dans les lieux. La proximité de tous les monuments (Concorde, Madeleine, Champs Elysées, Tuileries, Louvre, Opéra, Grand Palais, Assemblée nationale, musée d'Orsay, Invalides, Grands Magasins, Pigalle, etc.). Tout ça peut se faire à pied. Et si vous le souhaitez, énormémen
6313	Nous gardons une pièce fermée pour nos affaires personnelles. Dans la salle de bain, il n'y a pas de rideau de douche, c'est un choix de notre part. Dans la chambre, le canapé déplié prend tout l'espace. 	Vous avez à disposition notre appartement, il comprend une chambre avec un canapé lit, une cuisine ouverte sur le salon, une salle de bain avec baignoire. Il est idéalement situé entre Pigalle et Montmartre. Nous gardons une pièce fermée pour nos affaires personnelles. Dans la salle de bain, il n'y a pas de rideau de douche, c'est un choix de notre part. Dans la chambre, le canapé déplié prend tout l'espace. Accès à une cour fleurie et calme très agréable pour un moment de détente. Nous sommes joignable par téléphone, et à tout proche si besoin. Le 9e arrondissement est un quartier très apprécié des parisiens et des touristes. Dans le nord: vous trouverez le calme et la convivialité en vous baladant rue des Martyrs appréciée pour ses commerces; la tranquillité du square d'Anvers, la frénésie de Pigalle de jour comme de nuit, le charme de la butte Montmartre pour admirer sa basilique, ses peintres de la place du tertre, mais aussi ses vignes, ses petites impasses et ses belles maisons à
6314		"A 2 rooms appartment - Large (60 sq meters) and very central.  Lots of light, very quiet. Ideally placed at the heart of Paris and of the Pedestriàn neighbourhood of Montorgueil - very lively with its food shops, bars and restaurants. Visit all Paris by foot! A big TV set, fully equiped kitchen, wifi, King bed , a bathroom with a bath, possibility to have a second air mattress in the living room Always happy to exchange my Parisian ""tips"" with travelers! The apartment is very calm  but in the heart of a very liverly neighbourhood – and very central.  - You can visit all center of Paris by foot: Le Louvre, Palais royal, les Halles, Montmartre, etc.  - Theaters, cinemas on les Grands Boulevards,  - Bars and restaurants, food shops on Richer  street (9th arrondissement), rue Montorgueil, Tiquetonne street, Montmartre  street (2nd arrondissement), - Near les Galeries Lafayettes and Printemps galleries - All food restaurants and clothes shops in  Montorgueil street etc. Near metros Bonne No"
6315	Beautiful apartment of 55m ² fully equipped and accommodating 6 people. This flat is located in a Haussmann neighborhood, 10 minutes walk from the department stores (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette) and the Opera Garnier, in a typical Parisian building with concierge, secure access by code and intercom. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator, overlooking the courtyard, so it is very quiet. It consists of a large main room equipped with a big sofa, flat screen TV, high speed internet wireless access or ethernet, table with 6 chairs for dining and a large kitchen fully equipped. The first bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed and a large wardrobe with hanging space to store your belongings. The second bedroom is furnished with a double bed on the mezzanine and a double sofa bed below, it can accommodate up to 4 people. Finally there is the bathroom with bath, toilet and sink and a hairdryer. Housekeeping included and mandatory for any stays longer than a week. This ap	Beautiful apartment of 55m ² fully equipped and accommodating 6 people. This flat is located in a Haussmann neighborhood, 10 minutes walk from the department stores (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette) and the Opera Garnier, in a typical Parisian building with concierge, secure access by code and intercom. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator, overlooking the courtyard, so it is very quiet. It consists of a large main room equipped with a big sofa, flat screen TV, high speed internet wireless access or ethernet, table with 6 chairs for dining and a large kitchen fully equipped. The first bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed and a large wardrobe with hanging space to store your belongings. The second bedroom is furnished with a double bed on the mezzanine and a double sofa bed below, it can accommodate up to 4 people. Finally there is the bathroom with bath, toilet and sink and a hairdryer. Housekeeping included and mandatory for any stays longer than a week. This ap
6316	La chambre que nous vous proposons est calme et de votre lit (double et épais), vous verrez la butte Montmartre et le Sacré cœur. Nuit tranquille assurée dans un quartier pourtant très animé, très central pour le shopping (5 mn des Galeries Lafayettes) ou le tourisme.	Très bon lit dans chambre au calme dans un grand duplex au 7e étage sur cour, au cœur de Paris. Idéal pour visiter Paris et goûter à une vraie vie de quartier. Très belle vue sur les toits et sur le Sacré cœur. Bel immeuble Art Déco.             La chambre que nous vous proposons est calme et de votre lit (double et épais), vous verrez la butte Montmartre et le Sacré cœur. Nuit tranquille assurée dans un quartier pourtant très animé, très central pour le shopping (5 mn des Galeries Lafayettes) ou le tourisme. Accès privatif à une salle de bain avec douche. Possibilité d'utiliser le frigo si besoin. Nous serons en famille dans l'appartement et nous souhaitons cohabiter en respectant votre tranquillité. Situé entre Montmartre et Opéra. Très pratique pour visiter Paris et pour goûter à une vraie vie de quartier. Tous commerces aux pieds de l'immeuble (boulangerie, supermarché, cafés et restaurants). Quartier des théâtres, cinémas, Galeries Lafayette, Moulin Rouge et de la butte Montmartre
6317	Great  design apartment with 1 bedroom, located in the 9 district, next to the montmartre area and close to Gare du Nord station. It consist on a Large  living room, an full kitchen, 1 double bedroom (+ sofa bed in living), 1 bathroom, 1 separate toilet.  The apartment is fully equiped. 2min walking distance to Metro Gare du Nord, 2 min to Metro Anvers and 5 min to the sacrée coeur.   There are a  lot of groceries , cafés,  shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhood.  Hope to see you soon in Paris.	Great  design apartment with 1 bedroom, located in the 9 district, next to the montmartre area and close to Gare du Nord station. It consist on a Large  living room, an full kitchen, 1 double bedroom (+ sofa bed in living), 1 bathroom, 1 separate toilet.  The apartment is fully equiped. 2min walking distance to Metro Gare du Nord, 2 min to Metro Anvers and 5 min to the sacrée coeur.   There are a  lot of groceries , cafés,  shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhood.  Hope to see you soon in Paris.
6318	We offer guests to rent one of the two rooms of our 75m² apartment. It is ideally located on the 4th floor (with an elevator) with a view on a beautiful charming plaza of the 9th district of Paris (3min from rue des Martyrs). In the Romantic Neihbourhood of Paris, this appartement is the perfect place to discover the authentic Paris. Very close from metro stations Pigalle and Saint Georges in a very dynamic area with many shops and restaurants etc. 10 min walk to the Sacré Coeur, 5 from the Moulin Rouge! The apartment was built in the XIXth century, it is very charming, with tons of light and very comfortable. Fully equipped kitchen, dining room, living room (TV, stereo, dvd player etc.), bathroom with a bath-tub and separated toilets, washing machine, dishwasher, wifi, office with printer etc. The room is very spacious, has a beautiful view on the plaza. The room contains a double bed, a dressing, shelves, lamps and a coffee table. The guests are welcome to use the kitchen and even sh	We offer guests to rent one of the two rooms of our 75m² apartment. It is ideally located on the 4th floor (with an elevator) with a view on a beautiful charming plaza of the 9th district of Paris (3min from rue des Martyrs). In the Romantic Neihbourhood of Paris, this appartement is the perfect place to discover the authentic Paris. Very close from metro stations Pigalle and Saint Georges in a very dynamic area with many shops and restaurants etc. 10 min walk to the Sacré Coeur, 5 from the Moulin Rouge! The apartment was built in the XIXth century, it is very charming, with tons of light and very comfortable. Fully equipped kitchen, dining room, living room (TV, stereo, dvd player etc.), bathroom with a bath-tub and separated toilets, washing machine, dishwasher, wifi, office with printer etc. The room is very spacious, has a beautiful view on the plaza. The room contains a double bed, a dressing, shelves, lamps and a coffee table. The guests are welcome to use the kitchen and even sh
6319	This lovely 35 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated in januray 2014. It can sleep up to three guests. The entrance hall leads to the bathroom on your right and to the main room in front of you. This main room has been organized in separate areas. First the bedroom area, with a comfortable queen size bed (160x200) and an open wardrobe with clothes rail, chest of drawers and shelves. Then the living-room area : It features a couch, a coffee table, two comfortable armchairs and a large flat television (with cable TV channels) on a dresser. The couch can be converted in a double bed (140x200). Note that the apartment could sleep four guests, but we thought it would me more suitable for three persons. The kitchen is open on the main room. It is separated from it with a high table (equipped with three high stools). The kitchen is very well equipped with high standing equipments such as induction stoves, multifunction oven, nespresso, dishwasher, etc… The bathroom is very beautiful, it f	       Lovely 35 sqm apartment, newly renovated in a contemporary style, comfortable, well furnished, to rent for three people in Paris, two steps away from Opera ! This lovely 35 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated in januray 2014. It can sleep up to three guests. The entrance hall leads to the bathroom on your right and to the main room in front of you. This main room has been organized in separate areas. First the bedroom area, with a comfortable queen size bed (160x200) and an open wardrobe with clothes rail, chest of drawers and shelves. Then the living-room area : It features a couch, a coffee table, two comfortable armchairs and a large flat television (with cable TV channels) on a dresser. The couch can be converted in a double bed (140x200). Note that the apartment could sleep four guests, but we thought it would me more suitable for three persons. The kitchen is open on the main room. It is separated from it with a high table (equipped with three high stools). The kitch
6320	A unique mix of traditional and modern, this spacious 2 bed apartment has been recently renovated, but retains its charming original Parisian features such as parquet floors, marble fireplace, cornices and balcony.  The space is composed of a large living/dining area opening on to the balcony, two comfortable double bedrooms, a walk-in wardrobe area, office space and large bathroom with separate WC.	Stylish 2-bed 990ft² loft style apartment located in a beautiful 1880 Haussmanian building with an elevator, previously home to Toulouse Lautrec! Close to Montmartre, Sacre Cœur, Moulin Rouge, rue des Martyrs & 2km walk to the Tuileries/the Louvre. A unique mix of traditional and modern, this spacious 2 bed apartment has been recently renovated, but retains its charming original Parisian features such as parquet floors, marble fireplace, cornices and balcony.  The space is composed of a large living/dining area opening on to the balcony, two comfortable double bedrooms, a walk-in wardrobe area, office space and large bathroom with separate WC. All guests are provided with fresh sheets and guest towels, along with cotton wool, hairdryer, hair straighteners. Also available: - washer-dryer -dishwasher - TVs, Playstation, books, DVDs - Nespresso coffee machine If you have any specific requests feel free to ask! I would be happy to answer any questions you may have, make reservations for yo
6321	Deux pièces avec parquet de hongrie et moulures apparentes, charmant, balcon avec vue dégagée plein sud donnant sur les toits de paris!Très central, quartier saint Georges au coeur du 9ème, et à 8mn à pied de Montmartre! chambre sur cour très calme.	Deux pièces avec parquet de hongrie et moulures apparentes, charmant, balcon avec vue dégagée plein sud donnant sur les toits de paris!Très central, quartier saint Georges au coeur du 9ème, et à 2 pas du Sacré Coeur ! chambre sur cour très calme. Deux pièces avec parquet de hongrie et moulures apparentes, charmant, balcon avec vue dégagée plein sud donnant sur les toits de paris!Très central, quartier saint Georges au coeur du 9ème, et à 8mn à pied de Montmartre! chambre sur cour très calme. lave vaisselle, four, machine à laver, TV, Wifi, rétro projecteur, balcon J'acceuille les voyageurs pour leur remettre les clefs et leur présenter l'appartement, et je suis là également à la fin du séjour pour vérifier que tout s'est bien passé et récupérer les clefs ! Nous sommes à deux pas des Abesses et de la butte Montmartre, en plein coeur du quartier saint Georges / Martyrs / Lepic, avec toutes les rues commercantes et animées, les bons produits frais, les théatres, les terasses, les délicieu
6322	"Charming Parisian apartment, redone, remodeled. Situated on the ground floor, clear with two big windows in the living room, on street side. Situated in a small street 5 min away from the famous ""rue des Martyrs"". Familial, but also alive district, numerous shops, bars, restaurants. Supermarket 3min, laposte, tobacco, municipal swimming pool, dancing lesson, butcher's shop, patisserie, etc. 7-8 min walking from the subway line 7, Notre-Dame-de-Lorette line 12 and Pigalle line 2. Several buslines close too. Fully equipped Kitchen, Oven-microwaves, roast bread, refrigerator, freezer, small coffee machine, washingmachine. Bathroom with bathtub / shower, washbasin and wc. Comfortable living room, with sofa. The bedroom is quiet,not on the street side. The wifi is functional. Possibility of using the laundrymachine. I do not supply the food, but you can use basic elements such as salt, pepper. You can obviously put what you buy in the refrigerator. I supply sheets. I supply bath towels ONLY"	"Charming Parisian apartment, redone, remodeled. Situated on the ground floor, clear with two big windows in the living room, on street side. Situated in a small street 5 min away from the famous ""rue des Martyrs"". Familial, but also alive district,  Charming Parisian apartment, redone, remodeled. Situated on the ground floor, clear with two big windows in the living room, on street side. Situated in a small street 5 min away from the famous ""rue des Martyrs"". Familial, but also alive district, numerous shops, bars, restaurants. Supermarket 3min, laposte, tobacco, municipal swimming pool, dancing lesson, butcher's shop, patisserie, etc. 7-8 min walking from the subway line 7, Notre-Dame-de-Lorette line 12 and Pigalle line 2. Several buslines close too. Fully equipped Kitchen, Oven-microwaves, roast bread, refrigerator, freezer, small coffee machine, washingmachine. Bathroom with bathtub / shower, washbasin and wc. Comfortable living room, with sofa. The bedroom is quiet,not on the stree"
6323	Haussmann apartment of 134m2 with a double living room , kitchen, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 WC	You will be in a room with a double queen size bed and a suite shower, in a very bright Haussmann housing, in a lively district , close to the subway and shops . Many tourist spots within walking distance. Haussmann apartment of 134m2 with a double living room , kitchen, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 WC Guests have access to kitchen, living room... the entire apartment except 2 bedrooms We are curious to meet people and make our guests enjoy the Paris from the inside . The apartment is located in the lively and vibrant Pigalle .  Montmartre is a 10-minute walk Very close to Pigalle Metro serving lines 2 and 12. Many bus. All Paris is easily accessible. We are a family of 5, with my wife and our 3 kids: 14 , 12 and 4
6324	"Located between Saint Georges and Pigalle, you'll enjoy this exploring this interesting neighborhood, just steps away from the heart of Montmartre with many sidewalk cafés and squares nearby, all easily accessible by foot :)  With easy access to public transportation, you'll find two tube stations nearby (Line 2 'Pigalle' & Line 12 'St Goerge') and two Velib stations (bike rentals) making it simple to navigate through the different quarters of Paris.  If you are in a festive mood, be sure to visit the cool & trendy ""South Pigalle"" area offering a wide range of Restaurants / Bars / Clubs. ""Trendy or traditional,"" there's something for everyone. This 30 m² studio, located on the 4th floor of an elevator building will be sure to cheer you up during your stay in Paris.  It includes: - An open space with living room / double bed, cable TV and WIFI - Great views of Sacré Coeur and Montparnasse Tower from either side of the balcony. - Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, microwave, fridge"	"Located between Saint Georges and Pigalle, you'll enjoy this exploring this interesting neighborhood, just steps away from the heart of Montmartre with many sidewalk cafés and squares nearby, all easily accessible by foot :)  With easy access to public transportation, you'll find two tube stations nearby (Line 2 'Pigalle' & Line 12 'St Goerge') and two Velib stations (bike rentals) making it simple to navigate through the different quarters of Paris.  If you are in a festive mood, be sure to visit the cool & trendy ""South Pigalle"" area offering a wide range of Restaurants / Bars / Clubs. ""Trendy or traditional,"" there's something for everyone. This 30 m² studio, located on the 4th floor of an elevator building will be sure to cheer you up during your stay in Paris.  It includes: - An open space with living room / double bed, cable TV and WIFI - Great views of Sacré Coeur and Montparnasse Tower from either side of the balcony. - Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, microwave, fridge"
6325	Big Haussmannian apartment in 9th district of Paris. Very central. packed with nice shops, restaurants, and places to go out. There is 2 rooms available in the 4 bedroom apt. its calm. steps from Montmartre. off the famous Rue des Martyrs. 1st floor. Spacious.	Border of Montmartre and Pigalle. Perfect place to stay in Paris in heart of everything from good stores, markets, restaurants. Old Hausmanian apartment with a lot of soul and easy going hosts. Walking distance to many places. Central, Calm, Spacious Big Haussmannian apartment in 9th district of Paris. Very central. packed with nice shops, restaurants, and places to go out. There is 2 rooms available in the 4 bedroom apt. its calm. steps from Montmartre. off the famous Rue des Martyrs. 1st floor. Spacious. Kitchen, toilet, bathroom, big living room. storage. there is well equipped kitchen and many stores in the area so you are more than Wellcome to make yourself a dinner or lunch... We are very open. we can recommend you places to explore, where to eat, drink, walk... 9th district of paris. Piglet and Montmartre few steps away. Tons of cafes, restaurants, food markets. very calm street in a vivid neighborhood.  Perfectly positioned to be close to all parts of city. beautiful beautiful 
6326	One of the most beautyfull street in Paris Near Pigalle and Sacré Coeur Montmartre 	Come enjoy a chic and confortable french decoration one bedroom apartment in the very parisian district of Montmartre. You will find a nice living room with an open kitchen plus a quiet bedroom and a lovely bathroom. Hope to welcome you very soon !  One of the most beautyfull street in Paris Near Pigalle and Sacré Coeur Montmartre  Very cosy, lot of shops and food spots Ligne 12 / Metro St Georges
6327	- Separate bathroom  - separate toilets  - spacious living room with double sofa-bed  - small bedroom with double bed - half open kitchen	Very cute apartment for maximum 4 people in the center of Paris: perfect location to visit the city. 10-15 walk from Montmartre - Sacré Coeur, Opéra Garnier, Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette.
6328	This 50 sqm flat has been recently and fully  renovated, you will have access at the whole place, a master room and a living area with a comfortable sofa bed, a bathroom with shower, and a well equipped kitchen You are located in the central heart of the true living Paris. A real Parisian area, residential a real living place, to experience the Parisian way of life like a real local. You have everything around within 2 minutes walking, supermarket, butcher, bakeries, cheese, but also restaurant and bars . The departments stores Galeries Layette&Printemps  and the Opera area    are within 10 minutes walk and the picturesque Montmartre area also Here you will find history and and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else.	In a modern building this just renovated flat will be your Parisian sweet home ideally located close to metros, bus and all shops and restaurant, the flat is bright and very well equipped for making your stay in Paris unforgettable! This 50 sqm flat has been recently and fully  renovated, you will have access at the whole place, a master room and a living area with a comfortable sofa bed, a bathroom with shower, and a well equipped kitchen You are located in the central heart of the true living Paris. A real Parisian area, residential a real living place, to experience the Parisian way of life like a real local. You have everything around within 2 minutes walking, supermarket, butcher, bakeries, cheese, but also restaurant and bars . The departments stores Galeries Layette&Printemps  and the Opera area    are within 10 minutes walk and the picturesque Montmartre area also Here you will find history and and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else.
6329	South Pigalle area , near every place either muséum or hostorical monument or shopping place , restaurants and bars …..  You'll enjoy this part of Paris , So parisian !	A charming Parisian building, in the heart of Paris of the 9th district. Three rooms with  2 real bedrooms, 4 people. 5th floor without elevator with a nice  balcony and a beautiful view on roofs. Ideally located. Pigalle, Opera…. South Pigalle area , near every place either muséum or hostorical monument or shopping place , restaurants and bars …..  You'll enjoy this part of Paris , So parisian ! if you arrive from gare du Nord  station it is  Direct  by bus 10 minutes N° 26/42/43 from gare Saint Lazare train station  : 7 minutes walk  from Roissy: RER or Bus opera very simple because many buses or subway lines By mail, phone …. whatever ! The proximité of evreything. It is also like a village inside Paris. any bus lines or subway line 7 /12 /9 /8 nearest métro station : Saint georges, or Trinité . By bus : carrefour chateaudun. no dish washer in the kitchen. 2 real separate bedrooms with double bed. It is my dayly flat . So it will be like it is all over the year :) Cosy.
6330	Notre logement est clair et lumineux, avec de nombreuses fenêtres, et très calme puisque nous sommes sur cour. Vous pourrez donc profiter de notre quartier très animé sans être dérangé par le bruit !!! Vous pourrez profiter des plantes de notre appartement (et que vous pourrez arroser si besoin ;) et des herbes aromatiques que nous laissons à votre disposition à la fenêtre (basilic, persil, menthe) !	Charmant deux pièces de 33 m2 en plein cœur de la capitale à côté du Moulin-rouge, de Pigalle et de Montmartre ! Notre logement est clair et lumineux, avec de nombreuses fenêtres, et très calme puisque nous sommes sur cour. Vous pourrez donc profiter de notre quartier très animé sans être dérangé par le bruit !!! Vous pourrez profiter des plantes de notre appartement (et que vous pourrez arroser si besoin ;) et des herbes aromatiques que nous laissons à votre disposition à la fenêtre (basilic, persil, menthe) ! Nous mettons à votre disposition deux pièces de notre petit appartement (nous conservons une pièce fermée pour nos affaires intimes). Vous pourrez profiter de notre salon qui comprends un canapé-lit pour la nuit, une salle à manger, une cuisine américaine ainsi que notre petite salle de bains. Si besoin, vous pouvez toujours me joindre sur mon téléphone. Entre Pigalle, Montmartre, le Moulin Rouge et Saint Georges notre quartier est le cœur de l'animation de notre capitale. Vous 
6331	A romantic, open-space home with multiple sitting areas, two bedrooms, and a large convertible couch that can be made up for up to six guests. The house is 165 square meters (1775 square feet) and is more than spacious enough to find your own private corner for a book or a nap, but also perfect for coming together with friends and family. It’s fully equipped (Nespresso machine, cooking equipment, etc.), has a great sound system, and even a computer where you can check your email (there’s WIFI, too). The house is ideally located in the center of everything, and its entrance is found directly on the stunning, glass-covered, pedestrian Passage des Panoramas, filled with chic restaurants (including a 2-star Michelin Franco-Japanese fusion at N°43 and hot new Italian decorated by Philippe Starck at N°47), collectible stamp vendors, antique shops, etc. The famous Passage (the oldest in Paris) was built in 1799, and it was here that the gas lights in Paris were tested in 1817, Thérèse Raquin,	This amazing open space is a separate house on the historic, pedestrian, glass-covered Passage des Panoramas, built in 1799 and home to exceptional antiqueries & restaurants. A quick walk away from the Louvre, the Marais, & major department stores.  A romantic, open-space home with multiple sitting areas, two bedrooms, and a large convertible couch that can be made up for up to six guests. The house is 165 square meters (1775 square feet) and is more than spacious enough to find your own private corner for a book or a nap, but also perfect for coming together with friends and family. It’s fully equipped (Nespresso machine, cooking equipment, etc.), has a great sound system, and even a computer where you can check your email (there’s WIFI, too). The house is ideally located in the center of everything, and its entrance is found directly on the stunning, glass-covered, pedestrian Passage des Panoramas, filled with chic restaurants (including a 2-star Michelin Franco-Japanese fusion at N°
6332	44 sqm (474 sqf) flat on two levels (5th and 6th) at the last floor of the building. It is served by an elevator and, despite being centrally located next to galleries Lafayette, it is very quiet and full of daylight. The flat has been completely renovated at the end of 2014. At the first level you have an entrance with a corridor, a kitchen and living room space, a small bathroom and a very French, quiet, balcony where you can sip a glass of French wine overlooking the roofs of Paris.  At the upper level, a bedroom and a bathroom with shower It sleeps comfortably 4 people: 2 in the bedroom with a nice and new queen size bed and other 2 in the living room that is equipped with a sofa bed. Equipment includes:  - stove top, microwave oven, washing & drying machine, refrigerator with small freezer  - hairdryer, iron  - linens and towels are provided - they can be changed weekly for long stays Living room and kitchen: Prepare your French homemade meals in all comfort and dine on the large 	Comfortable, luminous and quiet apartment at the heart of Paris! Perfect for 2-4. Right next to Galleries Lafayette and Opera, close to metro, restaurants, theaters, stores ... walking distance from many attractions: Opera, Louvre, Montmartre ... 44 sqm (474 sqf) flat on two levels (5th and 6th) at the last floor of the building. It is served by an elevator and, despite being centrally located next to galleries Lafayette, it is very quiet and full of daylight. The flat has been completely renovated at the end of 2014. At the first level you have an entrance with a corridor, a kitchen and living room space, a small bathroom and a very French, quiet, balcony where you can sip a glass of French wine overlooking the roofs of Paris.  At the upper level, a bedroom and a bathroom with shower It sleeps comfortably 4 people: 2 in the bedroom with a nice and new queen size bed and other 2 in the living room that is equipped with a sofa bed. Equipment includes:  - stove top, microwave oven, washi
6333	Ce studio est situé au premier étage d'un immeuble ancien. Cuisine et salle de bains sont équipées, et vous apprécierez la clarté de ce studio de 23 mètres carrés, meublé de façon moderne et fonctionnelle.	Joli studio très clair, refait à neuf, literie neuve (lit 120/190 cm) se situant à deux pas de la Butte Montmartre.  A cinq minutes la ravissante et commerçante rue des Martyrs, métros et bus pour visiter tout Paris à proximité immédiate. Ce studio est situé au premier étage d'un immeuble ancien. Cuisine et salle de bains sont équipées, et vous apprécierez la clarté de ce studio de 23 mètres carrés, meublé de façon moderne et fonctionnelle. Le quartier Trudaine, avec à proximité la charmante rue des Martyrs, offre tous les commerces de bouche, mais aussi des cafés, des bars et de délicieux restaurants. Au pied de Montmartre, vous apprécierez une vraie vie de village, et la proximité de Pigalle et de la place du Tertre. En quelques stations de métro ou en bus direct vous visiterez Notre-Dame, les grands magasins, Beaubourg, le Louvre... Un échange est possible pour une prestation similaire. Paris a mille villages, celui de Montmartre a un charme particulier. Quartier cosmopolite et jeun
6334	With an open kitchen, fully equipped, large living room (sofa bed), a new bathroom and two bedrooms with various storage, the apartment is ideal for a couple with two, three or four children. Whitout any visible neighbor, the apartment is very bright and quiet. Very high ceiling (at the most 4.5 meters), the apartment has a more pleasant space and has the charm of exposed beams and warm furnishings. 	Located on the 7th floor of a Haussmann style building in the 9th district, secured by two digital codes, this apartment of 60 m² allows to observe views over the rooftops of Paris, the Eiffel Tower and the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre.  With an open kitchen, fully equipped, large living room (sofa bed), a new bathroom and two bedrooms with various storage, the apartment is ideal for a couple with two, three or four children. Whitout any visible neighbor, the apartment is very bright and quiet. Very high ceiling (at the most 4.5 meters), the apartment has a more pleasant space and has the charm of exposed beams and warm furnishings.  Dishwasher, washing machine, oven, micro-wave oven, toaster, Free wifi, free unlimited telephone calls to landlines in France and Europe, TV, DVD, CD, Nespresso machine, Paris map and tips for nightlife (restaurants, bars). In ten minutes in feet or less are also the Grevin Museum, the Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, the Folies Bergères, the Opera Garnier (served from
6335	"A charming 40sqm apartment in the heart of Paris, 15 min from the famous ""Sacré coeur"" and still very close (10 min) to the greatest shopping spot: the Galeries Lafayettes and all the nice boutiques surrounding it! Only 10 min away from the Louvre with the tube! 2 rooms including queen size beds and one of the room can also be used as a living room since it includes a small sofa and a TV."	"Ideal for 2 couples or 4 friends! Central apartment close to tube stations (lines 7, 12,2) in the 9th arrondissment! 2 rooms including one which can be used as a living room as well since there is a sofa and a TV. A charming 40sqm apartment in the heart of Paris, 15 min from the famous ""Sacré coeur"" and still very close (10 min) to the greatest shopping spot: the Galeries Lafayettes and all the nice boutiques surrounding it! Only 10 min away from the Louvre with the tube! 2 rooms including queen size beds and one of the room can also be used as a living room since it includes a small sofa and a TV. You will have access to the whole apartment but the wardrobes will be sealed. It depends of the dates you're coming! The 9th arrondissement (IXe arrondissement), located on the Right Bank, is one of the 20 arrondissements of Paris, France. It contains many places of cultural, historical, and architectural interest, including the Palais Garnier, home to the Paris Opera, Boulevard Haussmann an"
6336	Typical Parisian apartment very close to Montmartre & the Moulin Rouge. Calm bedroom opening onto courtyard. You can see Place Pigalle from the balcony. Exceptionnal situation : - One minute by feet from the subway, Station Pigalle. - 5 minutes by feet from Montmartre. - 10 minutes by feet from Les Galeries Lafayette. - 15 minutes by feet from the Opéra Garnier - 15 minutes with the subway from the Champs Elysées The neighborhood is very friendly with a lot of great places to have lunch or a drink. 	Our typical parisian flat is very comfort and centrally situated ! You can be a couple or few friends, who want to be in the very heart of Paris and its interests. Please, enjoy your stay ! Typical Parisian apartment very close to Montmartre & the Moulin Rouge. Calm bedroom opening onto courtyard. You can see Place Pigalle from the balcony. Exceptionnal situation : - One minute by feet from the subway, Station Pigalle. - 5 minutes by feet from Montmartre. - 10 minutes by feet from Les Galeries Lafayette. - 15 minutes by feet from the Opéra Garnier - 15 minutes with the subway from the Champs Elysées The neighborhood is very friendly with a lot of great places to have lunch or a drink.  Internet All electrical Tools in the kitchen and the bathroom I won't be home during my guests' stay This is a very friendly neighborhood with lots of cocktail bars and fancy restaurants, so you'll enjoy nights and days Station Pigalle Métro 2 or 12 Bus 30, 54 or 67
6337	55 square meters (600 square feet) , 6th floor with a small lift, kitchen+ dining place, shower room (very large shower) , separate toilets, one bedroom with a double bed  (140x190 cm) , large living-room with sleeping sofa. This is my main flat. It is fully equipped : washing machine with a dryer (which can be used only for resistant and small clothes),  dishwasher, oven +microwave, induction hob. There is a computer in the living room with a large screen to watch DVDs or the TV (several French and international channels are available), wifi and unlimited access to the Internet. You can give free phone calls to French landlines and to several foreign countries. The piano can be used only during the day (not at night because the neighbours want to be quiet...) Nice and central location in Paris, between  Montmartre and Opera, close to buses and several subway stations, shops everywhere in the surroundings. Available for short term periods especially when I am travelling (minimum 2 nigh	55 square meters (600 square feet) , 6th floor with a small lift, kitchen+ dining place, shower room (very large shower) , separate toilets, one bedroom with a double bed  (140x190 cm) , large living-room with sleeping sofa. This is my main flat. It is fully equipped : washing machine with a dryer (which can be used only for resistant and small clothes),  dishwasher, oven +microwave, induction hob. There is a computer in the living room with a large screen to watch DVDs or the TV (several French and international channels are available), wifi and unlimited access to the Internet. You can give free phone calls to French landlines and to several foreign countries. The piano can be used only during the day (not at night because the neighbours want to be quiet...) Nice and central location in Paris, between  Montmartre and Opera, close to buses and several subway stations, shops everywhere in the surroundings. Available for short term periods especially when I am travelling (minimum 2 nigh
6338	Appartement de 45 m2 avec vue sur cour, très calme, idéal pour séjour à Paris. Entièrement équipé (tv, téléphone, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle). Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (un lit double et un canapé lit grand confort). 	Superbe appartement de deux pièces, 45 m2, très calme, douillet, sur cour, dans le quartier typique de Montmartre, de l'Opéra Garnier et des grands magasins (10 minutes à pied). Entièrement équipé (cuisine complète,internet, tv, lave-linge).  Appartement de 45 m2 avec vue sur cour, très calme, idéal pour séjour à Paris. Entièrement équipé (tv, téléphone, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle). Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (un lit double et un canapé lit grand confort). A 10 minutes à pied des grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps) et à 5 minutes du Moulin Rouge et de la butte Montmartre. Quartier très animé : nombreux restaurants, bars à vin, musée et lieux touristiques. Pourtant, appartement très calme car sur cour. 3 métro à proximité, à 10 min à pied de la gare Saint Lazare
6339	Understand housing  A living room  a room  A typical kitchen semi open  Comfortable bathroom 	Located in the heart of the 9th district, very commercial which turns into the village in the city on weekends.  Located Close to Montmartre / Pigale / Sacred Heart and the Grands Boulevards and department stores. 15 minutes walk.  Good public transp Understand housing  A living room  a room  A typical kitchen semi open  Comfortable bathroom  The kitchen, bathroom, living room for a drink :)  And wc :) Yes :) s they wish we can share a meal, a drink, and advise on things to do and visit :)  No if they want to stay quiet Landside in the city.  Shopping streets  The fact that 20 minutes walk to the Louvre you dare by pleasant streets :)  Montmartre is 15 minutes walk  Department stores nearby.  A safe neighborhood also  Festive fun if you know the address :) Metro Line 12 or Metro Line 7 (3 minutes)  Metro Line 9 and 10 minutes walk  A 10-minute transport Gare St. Lazare  A 30-minute transport Gare de Lyon and Montparnasse train station I have a nice cocker :)  But it never enters the be
6340	Bel appartement dans le centre ville de Paris. Idéalement situé à deux pas de L'Opéra de Paris, des Galeries Lafayette, du jardin des Tuileries, du Louvre...  Très bien desservit ( Métro ligne (phone number hidden); RER A; Bus; Gare Saint Lazarre...) L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, les fenêtres donnent sur une cour intérieure très calme, l'immeuble est calme et la vie y est paisible.  L'appartement est constitué d'une chambre avec lit double, d'un salon avec un canapé lit dépliable très confortable 2 places, d'une salle de douche et de WC indépendant.  A votre disposition : draps, chauffage d'appoint, ventilateur, frigo avec freezeur, bouilloire, grille pain, micro-onde, four, table à repasser, fer à repasser.  Bien sur est aussi mis à votre disposition une connexion internet haut débit.  Pour le confort de tous une gardienne habite sur place et vous pourrez vous adressez à elle si jamais vous aviez un problème ou une question! PS : cet appartement n'est pas en lo	Bel appartement dans le centre ville de Paris. Idéalement situé à deux pas de L'Opéra de Paris, des Galeries Lafayette, du jardin des Tuileries, du Louvre...  Très bien desservit ( Métro ligne (phone number hidden); RER A ; Bus; Gare Saint Lazarre) Bel appartement dans le centre ville de Paris. Idéalement situé à deux pas de L'Opéra de Paris, des Galeries Lafayette, du jardin des Tuileries, du Louvre...  Très bien desservit ( Métro ligne (phone number hidden); RER A; Bus; Gare Saint Lazarre...) L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, les fenêtres donnent sur une cour intérieure très calme, l'immeuble est calme et la vie y est paisible.  L'appartement est constitué d'une chambre avec lit double, d'un salon avec un canapé lit dépliable très confortable 2 places, d'une salle de douche et de WC indépendant.  A votre disposition : draps, chauffage d'appoint, ventilateur, frigo avec freezeur, bouilloire, grille pain, micro-onde, four, table à repasser, fer à repasser.  Bien sur
6341	Located in the 9th district, the apartment is 100 m from the metro Grands Boulevards (metro line 8 and 9). Halfway between the Louvre and Montmartre area, the apartment is ideally placed to make you walk to Galeries Lafayette, Opera or Chatelet in less than 10 min. This former bourgeois apartment with 4 large windows, 3 m high ceilings, moldings, fireplaces and parquet floor was renovated in 2011. In the 3rd floor (no elevator), the apartment with a total area of 57 m² Carrez consists of a large living space of 30m², a bedroom of 12 m², a baby room 6m² and a bathroom, separate toilet and a laundry area. The living room has a seating area with a large sofa and coffee table, a dining table that can comfortably accommodate 8 people and a fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave). We provide a large 2 persons confortable inflatable matress to sleep in the living room. The bedroom has a double bed (1.60m), chest of drawers and a wardrobe. Next to the bedroom is a tyni baby room. 	Lovely parisian style apartment, fireplace, wood floors 1 bedroom with large double bed, 1 inflatable double bed and 1 baby room. Large living room 30 m², fully equipped kitchen. Heart of Grands Boulevards with Opera and Châtelet in 10 min foot. Located in the 9th district, the apartment is 100 m from the metro Grands Boulevards (metro line 8 and 9). Halfway between the Louvre and Montmartre area, the apartment is ideally placed to make you walk to Galeries Lafayette, Opera or Chatelet in less than 10 min. This former bourgeois apartment with 4 large windows, 3 m high ceilings, moldings, fireplaces and parquet floor was renovated in 2011. In the 3rd floor (no elevator), the apartment with a total area of 57 m² Carrez consists of a large living space of 30m², a bedroom of 12 m², a baby room 6m² and a bathroom, separate toilet and a laundry area. The living room has a seating area with a large sofa and coffee table, a dining table that can comfortably accommodate 8 people and a fully equ
6342	Brilliantly central, surrounded by metros and buses, this south-facing, 3rd (top) floor, 55m² self - catering apartment is in the same building as my Bed & Breakfast apartment.  Between the 2 properties a party of 6 can be catered for.  Look up '52 Clichy' if this interests you. The spacious, airy apartment with high ceilings and masses of floor to ceiling storage space provides a relaxed home away from home environment. This apartment is 20m² larger than the average 1 bedroom Parisian apartment. Overlooking private gardens, the living space is full of modern, comfortable furniture and provides a haven from the bustle of the Parisian streets.  There is an elevator to the front door of the apartment. NO steps. All doors are at least 80cms / 31 inches wide and therefore the partment is wheelchair accessible / friendly. We have had many completely wheelchair - bound guests. Children are welcome. I have had write-ups in Frommer's Guide to Paris Day by Day and the UK's Sunday Times Travel m	Spacious, bright 55m² apartment, peaceful and safe between Montmartre & Opera. Garden view. Suitable for wheelchair users.  Elevator. Bedroom as twin beds OR 2m wide bed. Sofabed in living area. 1 & half bathrooms. Children welcome. Free wifi Brilliantly central, surrounded by metros and buses, this south-facing, 3rd (top) floor, 55m² self - catering apartment is in the same building as my Bed & Breakfast apartment.  Between the 2 properties a party of 6 can be catered for.  Look up '52 Clichy' if this interests you. The spacious, airy apartment with high ceilings and masses of floor to ceiling storage space provides a relaxed home away from home environment. This apartment is 20m² larger than the average 1 bedroom Parisian apartment. Overlooking private gardens, the living space is full of modern, comfortable furniture and provides a haven from the bustle of the Parisian streets.  There is an elevator to the front door of the apartment. NO steps. All doors are at least 80cms / 31 inch
6343	The appartment is located in the heart of Montmartre, one of the most stuning district of Paris. Between the amazing Place Pigalle and the Lovely Place des Abbesses, this perfect location offers many restaurants, gourmet shops, fashion boutiques, supermarkets and public transportation. Typically Parisian and full of charm and character, the appartment is composed with a huge livingroom, a bedroom with queen size bed, a kitchen and a bathroom. Everything is fully equiped, decorated with taste and sunny most of the day. Cherry on the cake : your host is a true Parisian, who will be more than happy to host you and share her best adresses in town.   	Lovely apartment with living room, bedroom and a kitchen. Located at Abbesses, the heart of Montmartre district. The appartment is located in the heart of Montmartre, one of the most stuning district of Paris. Between the amazing Place Pigalle and the Lovely Place des Abbesses, this perfect location offers many restaurants, gourmet shops, fashion boutiques, supermarkets and public transportation. Typically Parisian and full of charm and character, the appartment is composed with a huge livingroom, a bedroom with queen size bed, a kitchen and a bathroom. Everything is fully equiped, decorated with taste and sunny most of the day. Cherry on the cake : your host is a true Parisian, who will be more than happy to host you and share her best adresses in town.    Guests have access to the whole apartment including a fully equiped kitchen, TV, wifi, washing machine, I-Phone station. I'll be there to host and give advice if needed to the guests and reachable by phone and email during the stay.
6344		Notre maison est parfaitement placé dans le quartier Martyrs , près de tout commerce et lieux culturels. Peut loger 4-5 personnes . Nous nous rendons disponible pour toute explication détaillé.
6345		Superbe appartement entièrement refait il y a 2 ans, situé entre l'Opéra et la rue des martyrs. Terrasse et vue sur les toits de Paris. Commerçants, métro, bus et taxis à moins de 5 mn. Théâtres, cinémas, music-hall quasiment au pied de l'immeuble. Accueil personnalisé et premier repas prêt. Tout le confort moderne. Wifi, télévision, hi-fi. Parking à proximité.
6346	Ideal location to visit Paris: close to Montmartre, Madeleine, Place Vendôme, direct access tby bus to the Louvre, the Champs Elysées. Plenty of restaurants nearby, supérette, cafés, etc.	This small and cute flat close to Moulin Rouge and Montmartre  and St Lazare train station newly furnished, quiet and comfortable is ideal for a  a couple to visit Paris and cocooning! Ideal location to visit Paris: close to Montmartre, Madeleine, Place Vendôme, direct access tby bus to the Louvre, the Champs Elysées. Plenty of restaurants nearby, supérette, cafés, etc. The flat is on the third floor without elevator.   It's non smoking. Animals are not welcome. I try to meet guests upon their arrival to give the keys and the recommandations. At 100m, le Musée de la Vie Romantique, at 200m, the lovely Place Saint Georges; at 2 blocks, the famous Moulin Rouge, rue Lepic with its wonderful fook markets, rue des Abbesses leading to Montmartre. Plenty of  theaters in the neighborhood. Laundermat close by. Easy to reach via RER and metro or bus from airports. Closest metro stops: Blanche, Liège, St Georges, Trinité
6347	ce logement est placé au croisement de différents quartiers différents, un quartier très apprécié, Montmartre, un quartier familial, un quartier jeune et populaire avec de nombreux lieux de sortie. il y a deux lits double, ce qui permet un accueil pour quatre personnes.	ce logement est placé au croisement de différents quartiers différents, un quartier très apprécié, Montmartre, un quartier familial, un quartier jeune et populaire avec de nombreux lieux de sortie. il y a deux lits double, ce qui permet un accueil pour quatre personnes. les voyageurs ont accès à tout ce qui est dans l'appartement, tv, internet, livres, réserve alimentaire (riz, pâtes, épices, etc...).  Seuls deux tableaux sont fragiles et un peu de matériel professionnel de dessin reste rangé et inaccessible aux voyageurs. je suis très disponible, joignable pour n'importe quelle question ou problème, par téléphone ou par mail. je ne suis pas présente sur place pendant le séjour des voyageurs. le quartier est vivant, il y a de nombreux commerces de proximité, de nombreux lieux de sorties, quelques espaces verts, quelques sites touristiques à découvrir. l'appartement est desservi par de nombreux transports, bus et métros, RER et train, nous sommes à 10 minutes de la gare du nord.
6348	Beau deux pièces avec chambre fermée donnant accès à la salle de bains, avec baignoire. Canapé lit 2 places dans le salon. Appartement sur cour donc sans aucun bruit. Vraie cuisine avec plaques induction, four, lave vaisselle. Lave linge séchant.	Grand deux pièces lumineux (50 m2) au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Situé à la station Anvers, entre Montmartre et gare du Nord (5 min à pied), quartier vivant et commerçant, à la fois familial et branché. Beau deux pièces avec chambre fermée donnant accès à la salle de bains, avec baignoire. Canapé lit 2 places dans le salon. Appartement sur cour donc sans aucun bruit. Vraie cuisine avec plaques induction, four, lave vaisselle. Lave linge séchant. Wifi, télé, chaîne Hifi Je suis à votre disposition pour vous donner les bonnes adresses du quartier et vous conseillerdurant votre séjour à Paris. Idéalement situé entre le Sacré Coeur et la gare du Nord, vous pourrez bénéficier des transports rapides (métro, RER ou bus) et profitez du charme de Montmartre. Au pied de l'immeuble, supermarchés, tous commerces, bars et restaurants sympas. Métro Anvers, Gare du Nord ou Barbès Rochechouart.
6349		En plein quartier Barbès-Rochechouart, ce studio de 16 m² aménagé pour 2 personnes, situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur est à proximité immédiate de Montmartre (10min à pied), Pigalle (10min à pied) et Gare du Nord/Eurostar (5min à pied).
6350		Cozy and sunny one bedroom apartment located in the lively 9th arrondissement. Large living space, one bedroom, full kitchen and separate bathroom. Close to subway, bars, restaurants and shops.
6351	Loue 2 magnifiques chambres parentalse composées: - d'un lit 160*200 dans une grande chambre parentale - de 2 lits superposés dans une grande chambre d enfants de 26m2 Dans un grand appartement ,salon salle à manger, cuisine, 1 salle de bain , au quartier Opéras plein centre de paris Métro Cadet / Anvers (métro ligne 6 ou 2). Nombreux commerces à proximité. Accès WIFI. Machine à laver linge congélateur , 1 télés...quartier Opera, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette, Montmartre ...  photos conforme a l'appartement ,  Rent This beautiful rooms in the center of Paris. The flat is very calm, facing a large courtyard. 5mn from Grand Boulevard tube station, Opera or Cadet, 10mn from Gare du Nord and direct connection to airports.  You will be amazed by this area. Very central you can visit Paris by foot.  Montmartre, Pigalle, Espace Dali, Moulin de la Galette, Moulin Rouge, a lots of nice bars and restaurants 3mn away from the flat. A bit of shopping you will have the Printemps and Gal	Loue 2 magnifiques chambres parentalse composées: - d'un lit 160*200 dans une grande chambre parentale - de 2 lits superposés dans une grande chambre d enfants de 26m2 Dans un grand appartement ,salon salle à manger, cuisine, 1 salle de bain , au quartier Opéras plein centre de paris Métro Cadet / Anvers (métro ligne 6 ou 2). Nombreux commerces à proximité. Accès WIFI. Machine à laver linge congélateur , 1 télés...quartier Opera, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette, Montmartre ...  photos conforme a l'appartement ,  Rent This beautiful rooms in the center of Paris. The flat is very calm, facing a large courtyard. 5mn from Grand Boulevard tube station, Opera or Cadet, 10mn from Gare du Nord and direct connection to airports.  You will be amazed by this area. Very central you can visit Paris by foot.  Montmartre, Pigalle, Espace Dali, Moulin de la Galette, Moulin Rouge, a lots of nice bars and restaurants 3mn away from the flat. A bit of shopping you will have the Printemps and Gal
6352	Located in a beautiful building whose access is secured by a magnetic key and a building keeper available 24/7. You will be simply astonished by the entrance hall, its majestic dome, it will just take your breathe away ! The windows of the apartment are double glazed to isolate you from the noise of the busy boulevard. The studio has a small balcony, large enough for a table for two though. The view is lovely. During the autumn, you will see the Eiffel Tower behind the trees. This lovely 32sqm studio apartment has been renewed recently (2012). The main room is large enough to offer a sleeping area with a double bed (140×200) and a living area that features a sofabed (Two additional sleeps 140×200), and a coffee table with four stools. You will find a table for two on the balcony, perfect to observe the street below, busy Parisians walking down your feet, the trees, the sunset, the view is so great ! You will be able to store your clothes in the wardrobe. The bathroom is accessible from	Lovely 32sqm studio apartment to rent in Paris near Madeleine, Opéra, Concorde. The area is just GREAT and this comfortable studio will be a perfect pied-à-terre to discover all the sites around ! Located in a beautiful building whose access is secured by a magnetic key and a building keeper available 24/7. You will be simply astonished by the entrance hall, its majestic dome, it will just take your breathe away ! The windows of the apartment are double glazed to isolate you from the noise of the busy boulevard. The studio has a small balcony, large enough for a table for two though. The view is lovely. During the autumn, you will see the Eiffel Tower behind the trees. This lovely 32sqm studio apartment has been renewed recently (2012). The main room is large enough to offer a sleeping area with a double bed (140×200) and a living area that features a sofabed (Two additional sleeps 140×200), and a coffee table with four stools. You will find a table for two on the balcony, perfect to o
6353	1 double sofa-bed + 1 single mattress for a child if needed. Separate kitchen, a bathroom with washing machine. 7th and last floor (elevator in the building), amazing view on the roofs 1 canapé lit double + 1 petit matelas pour un enfant. Cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec machine à laver. 7ème et dernier étage offrant une superbe vue sur les toits (ascenseur).	Cosy studio in the heart of Paris, next to Madeleine. 1 double sofa-bed, 1  kitchen and bathroom. 7th and last floor amazing view on the roofs. Studio cosy près de la Madeleine. 7ème et dernier étage, superbe vue. 1 canapé lit, cuisine et SDB. 1 double sofa-bed + 1 single mattress for a child if needed. Separate kitchen, a bathroom with washing machine. 7th and last floor (elevator in the building), amazing view on the roofs 1 canapé lit double + 1 petit matelas pour un enfant. Cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec machine à laver. 7ème et dernier étage offrant une superbe vue sur les toits (ascenseur). One of the most prestigious part of Paris with stores (Printemps and Galeries Lafayette), Concorde, Tuileries Garden, the Louvre, the Champs-Elysées and the Madeleine. There is a grocery store Monoprix in La Madeleine that closes at 00:00. Theatre and cinemas, the Olympia is 5 min walking. Le quartier est un des plus beaux et prestigieux de la capitale, avec à proximité, les grands magasi
6354	Small Parisian apartment bright and quiet in the heart of the 9th, near the Opera Garnier and the Grands Boulevards, As department stores (7 minutes walk) and right next to the hotel Drouot auction   (2 minutes walk) Near the Louvre and the Tuileries Gardens (10 minutes walk) Near metro Le Peletier and Drouot, Cadet, Notre-Dame-de-Lorette (Line 7,8,9,12) and bus (phone number hidden)). Charming apartment in a building of stone in the 5th with elevator courtyard, quiet, clean and bright, beams and wooden floor. Windows with double glazing, cozy. Consists of a bedroom, living room, kitchen, wi-fi, tv. bathroom with shower, fully equipped kitchen (induction hob, oven, fridge, washing machine.), with more equipment (iron, vacuum cleaner, hair dryer, linen and towels provided) Many restaurants, cafes, theaters and cinema, grocery stores and department stores. Gym nearby. An ideal apartment as a pied-a-terre for two people to stay living in the heart of Paris. 	Small Parisian apartment bright and quiet in the heart of the 9th, near the Opera Garnier and the Grands Boulevards, As department stores (7 minutes walk) and right next to the hotel Drouot auction   (2 minutes walk) Near the Louvre and the Tuileries Gardens (10 minutes walk) Near metro Le Peletier and Drouot, Cadet, Notre-Dame-de-Lorette (Line 7,8,9,12) and bus (phone number hidden)). Charming apartment in a building of stone in the 5th with elevator courtyard, quiet, clean and bright, beams and wooden floor. Windows with double glazing, cozy. Consists of a bedroom, living room, kitchen, wi-fi, tv. bathroom with shower, fully equipped kitchen (induction hob, oven, fridge, washing machine.), with more equipment (iron, vacuum cleaner, hair dryer, linen and towels provided) Many restaurants, cafes, theaters and cinema, grocery stores and department stores. Gym nearby. An ideal apartment as a pied-a-terre for two people to stay living in the heart of Paris. 
6355	Nous mettons à votre disposition le 1er étage de notre appartement qui se compose d'une chambre (lit double), une salle de bain et un salon, une cuisine, une bibliothèque open space. Le canapé de la bibliotéque peut servir de lit. 	Dans une rue calme  au coeur du 9ème, entre l'Opéra et Montmartre, notre appartement est lumineux. Situé au 5ème étage, l'appartement est pratiquement en openspace. La cuisine donne sur un balcon, c'est une pièce chaleureuse où l'on aime se tenir. Nous mettons à votre disposition le 1er étage de notre appartement qui se compose d'une chambre (lit double), une salle de bain et un salon, une cuisine, une bibliothèque open space. Le canapé de la bibliotéque peut servir de lit. Ascenseur 3 nuits minimum
6356	3  independant bedrooms, each one far from the others. Large sitting room and dining rooms, 2 bathrooms.  Second floor in an Haussmannian building is the best one :  wrought iron balcony, highest ceilings and windows. Its typical parisian design  incorporates ornate moldings, herringbone parquet floors, marble fireplaces, double doors and floor-length windows. This is the classic image of a Parisian apartment. Nice views on the street and on a very large and calm courtyard with trees.  Very quiet bedrooms on courtyards and on the street (acoustic glass).	Authentic haussmannian flat. Overlooking trees and quiet courtyards on the back. 3 mns walk to Montmartre, direct metro (2 lines) and buses to all touristic spots (within  10 to 20 mn).  Foodmarkets, restaurants, quiet in day time, lively at night. 3  independant bedrooms, each one far from the others. Large sitting room and dining rooms, 2 bathrooms.  Second floor in an Haussmannian building is the best one :  wrought iron balcony, highest ceilings and windows. Its typical parisian design  incorporates ornate moldings, herringbone parquet floors, marble fireplaces, double doors and floor-length windows. This is the classic image of a Parisian apartment. Nice views on the street and on a very large and calm courtyard with trees.  Very quiet bedrooms on courtyards and on the street (acoustic glass). Guests can use everything in the house except some private cupboards and computer.  The flat is well furnished with high quality stuff, linen because it is our own family flat. We rent it wh
6357	Hey !   Nous c'est Jeff (35 ans, coréen d'origine) et Lou (24 ans, creusoise d'origine! haha), le peintre et la photographe.  Et chaton ! Tous les deux passionnés par les arts, curieux et ouverts. On n'a pas encore eu trop l'occasion de voyager mais on aimerait bien. Du coup, pour le moment on accueille des voyageurs pour voyager un peu à travers eux. Chez nous, c'est la France. Paris même. A deux pas du Sacré-Coeur, proche du beau quartier de Montmartre...  Nous avons de la chance, nous sommes proche de 3 stations de métros :  - Poissonnières (ligne 7) - Anvers (ligne 2) - Gare du Nord (ligne 4, 5, rer b)  Notre appart', c'est 40m².  Une pièce-atelier (toiles et matériel de peinture/ livres d'art/BD) où on peut vous accueillir sur notre canapé (1 place/ prévoir 1 couverture si 3 personnes) ou/et désormais sur un BZ (2 places) -> idéal couple,  notre chambre à nous et les pièces habituelles :  cuisine toute équipée : four/micro-onde/frigo/plaques/machine à laver, WC et Salle de Bains (	Appartement entier disponible du 17 au 20 septembre et du 25 au 29 novembre, avec Jean-trompette, notre chat. Séjournez à deux pas des fameux quartiers Montmartre et Pigalle ! Pièce lumineuse et atypique dans un joli appartement tout équipé. Hey !   Nous c'est Jeff (35 ans, coréen d'origine) et Lou (24 ans, creusoise d'origine! haha), le peintre et la photographe.  Et chaton ! Tous les deux passionnés par les arts, curieux et ouverts. On n'a pas encore eu trop l'occasion de voyager mais on aimerait bien. Du coup, pour le moment on accueille des voyageurs pour voyager un peu à travers eux. Chez nous, c'est la France. Paris même. A deux pas du Sacré-Coeur, proche du beau quartier de Montmartre...  Nous avons de la chance, nous sommes proche de 3 stations de métros :  - Poissonnières (ligne 7) - Anvers (ligne 2) - Gare du Nord (ligne 4, 5, rer b)  Notre appart', c'est 40m².  Une pièce-atelier (toiles et matériel de peinture/ livres d'art/BD) où on peut vous accueillir sur notre canapé (1 
6358		nicely presented and comfortable one bed flat. furnished and with all amenities. located at in the very central 9th district close to all major attractions
6359	Bonjour! I propose you a 2 rooms apartment perfect for a couple visiting Paris.  All comfort is included: fully equipped kitchen, bathroom  with separate toilet, towels and linen provided, Internet. The apartment is quiet, clean and bright.  (28 m² - 4th floor, easy stairs  (no elevator)) Located at rue Rochechouart, 75009 PARIS, safe and nice family area. The neighborhood is lively, very secure, full of funky shops and trendy restaurants and cafés.  - Montmartre / Pigale (~Moulin Rouge) : 5 min walking - Printemps Haussmann / Galleries Lafayettes : 15 min walking or 5 min by subway - Subway stations between 1 and 7 minutes around : Anvers (L2), Cadet (L7), Saint-Georges (L12), Gare du Nord (L4, L5, RER B, RER D) - Easy access from LONDON EUROSTAR and CHARLES DE GAULLE AIRPORT, walking distance (7 min) from GARE du NORD (RER B - Roissy CDG Airport). There is plenty to see and appreciate in this perfectly situated flat in the heart of paris, so welcome!! F.	Bonjour! I propose you a 2 rooms apartment perfect for a couple visiting Paris.  All comfort is included: fully equipped kitchen, bathroom  with separate toilet, towels and linen provided, Internet. The apartment is quiet, clean and bright.  (28 m² - 4th floor, easy stairs  (no elevator)) Located at rue Rochechouart, 75009 PARIS, safe and nice family area. The neighborhood is lively, very secure, full of funky shops and trendy restaurants and cafés.  - Montmartre / Pigale (~Moulin Rouge) : 5 min walking - Printemps Haussmann / Galleries Lafayettes : 15 min walking or 5 min by subway - Subway stations between 1 and 7 minutes around : Anvers (L2), Cadet (L7), Saint-Georges (L12), Gare du Nord (L4, L5, RER B, RER D) - Easy access from LONDON EUROSTAR and CHARLES DE GAULLE AIRPORT, walking distance (7 min) from GARE du NORD (RER B - Roissy CDG Airport). There is plenty to see and appreciate in this perfectly situated flat in the heart of paris, so welcome!! F.
6360	Building good standing. The Paris apartment is located on the 6th and last floor with an elevator and has a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. 30 m2 studio to rent in Paris that has just been fully renovated. It consists of a main room with a real bed (140 * 200) in foldout position and a sofa when it is not deployed. In addition, a fully equipped kitchen is at the other end of the room. The bathroom has a beautiful shower. This is a small Paris studio that has a wonderful view and enjoys an absolute calm.	"One of the few Paris apartments to rent that has a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. Recently renovated, it is close to shopping centres such as ""Galeries Lafayette"" and ""Le Printemps"". Building good standing. The Paris apartment is located on the 6th and last floor with an elevator and has a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. 30 m2 studio to rent in Paris that has just been fully renovated. It consists of a main room with a real bed (140 * 200) in foldout position and a sofa when it is not deployed. In addition, a fully equipped kitchen is at the other end of the room. The bathroom has a beautiful shower. This is a small Paris studio that has a wonderful view and enjoys an absolute calm. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay if any question or needs Close to metro: Le Peletier Cadet Richelieu-Drouot Grands Boulevards Notre-Dame de Lorette"
6361	Ce bel appartement parisien, décoré avec goût, comprend une entrée, un double séjour (avec parquet et cheminée, un canapé convertible en lit double très confortable, une grande table pour dîner), une chambre avec un lit double et des placards, une petite cuisine entièrement équipée où il sera agréable de cuisiner, une salle-de-bain avec douche et toilettes. L'immeuble donne sur cour et sur la rue, il est équipé d'un double vitrage pour un confort total. L'immeuble est équipé d'un digicode, d'un gardien puis d'un interphone.  Vous pourrez aussi louer dans le quartier des vélos (Vélib) pour quelques euros par jour.  Un parking payant et surveillé est situé à proximité (Rue Mansart moins de 5 mn à pieds) Les clés vous seront remises sur place, à l'appartement, lors de votre arrivée.  Draps et serviettes sont fournis.  	"Grand appartement haussmanien de 80 m2, situé dans le quartier de ""SoPI"", il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 voyageurs, dans une chambre et un double salon. Proche du quartier de Montmartre et des Grands Magasins. Idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfants. Ce bel appartement parisien, décoré avec goût, comprend une entrée, un double séjour (avec parquet et cheminée, un canapé convertible en lit double très confortable, une grande table pour dîner), une chambre avec un lit double et des placards, une petite cuisine entièrement équipée où il sera agréable de cuisiner, une salle-de-bain avec douche et toilettes. L'immeuble donne sur cour et sur la rue, il est équipé d'un double vitrage pour un confort total. L'immeuble est équipé d'un digicode, d'un gardien puis d'un interphone.  Vous pourrez aussi louer dans le quartier des vélos (Vélib) pour quelques euros par jour.  Un parking payant et surveillé est situé à proximité (Rue Mansart moins de 5 mn à pieds) Les clés vous seront remises sur place"
6362		L'appartement se situé rue des Martyrs, rue commerçante proche du Sacré Cœur (Mont-marte). Proche de (close to) :  - Galerie Lafayette  - Opéra  - Louvre - Concorde  - Tuilerie  Idéal pour un couple ou des amis dans un quartier annimé
6363	Triplex face galeries Lafayette.superbe localisation!! 1 chambre avec lit 2 places, 1 chambre avec banquette convertible 2 places et salon avec banquette convertible 2 places. Sur demande matelas supplémentaire et lit bébé disponible. Linge de maison fourni ( draps, taies d'oreiller , housse de couette , serviette de bain et gants de toilettes ) Cuisine équipée ( frigo avec congélateur, , four électrique avec pyrolyse , plaque électrique, hotte, micro onde , machine à café, lave linge , sèche linge , planche et fer à repasser, bouilloire, coin petit déjeuner ) Tv par satellite avec chaînes du monde entier ( anglaise, arabes, chinoises, russes, allemandes, italiennes, espagnoles....) avec disque dur pour enregistrer vos émissions. Internet avec wifi par fibre optique  ( débit jusqu'à 300mega/sec) Une tablette type iPad  pourra être louée si nécessaire  Salle de bain avec baignoire à l'étage  Toilettes au rez de chaussée  2 escaliers donc pour nos amis handicapés , il faudra dormir dans 	Appartement sur 3 niveaux entièrement équipé , avec 2 chambres et salon, pouvant accueillir 2 adultes et 4 enfants ou 5 adultes. Au cœur du 9ème, à moins d'une minute de marche de 2 lignes de métro, et 5mn du RER. Nombreux commerces, restaurants au pied de l'immeuble. Triplex face galeries Lafayette.superbe localisation!! 1 chambre avec lit 2 places, 1 chambre avec banquette convertible 2 places et salon avec banquette convertible 2 places. Sur demande matelas supplémentaire et lit bébé disponible. Linge de maison fourni ( draps, taies d'oreiller , housse de couette , serviette de bain et gants de toilettes ) Cuisine équipée ( frigo avec congélateur, , four électrique avec pyrolyse , plaque électrique, hotte, micro onde , machine à café, lave linge , sèche linge , planche et fer à repasser, bouilloire, coin petit déjeuner ) Tv par satellite avec chaînes du monde entier ( anglaise, arabes, chinoises, russes, allemandes, italiennes, espagnoles....) avec disque dur pour enregistrer vos ém
6364	Thiis studio flat is small but quiet. Located on the 4th floor of a building it has great light You ll find near by all shops for food shopping and it s only about 10mn to get to The Opéra Garnier and the Gallerie Lafayette. Good choice of trendy café and retaurant near by.	if you are  are not looking for anything fancy but you want to be in a central trendy area then this .this studio flat is the one for you. All the basic confort there, separate shower, microwave, wifi . The area is fun and just near the Gare du Nord Thiis studio flat is small but quiet. Located on the 4th floor of a building it has great light You ll find near by all shops for food shopping and it s only about 10mn to get to The Opéra Garnier and the Gallerie Lafayette. Good choice of trendy café and retaurant near by. Walking distance from Gare du Nord Sation which connect with the main airports Metro Poissonière only 2mn away. Bus going to Le Louvre Museum runs  at the bottom of the road. Tell me what s your interest and i ll do my best try to guide and find you some good adresses. If you want to stay for a long time ask me to make an offer. Waking distance from Gare du Nord and GAre de l est  Sation which connect with the main airports/  Not far to Monmartre / You can even walk to g
6365	Between Montmartre and the Opera (department stores), it two rooms(parts,plays) of charm consists of an entrance(entry), a stay - American cooking(kitchen) (quite equipped) with sofa bed, room(chamber) with big bed and room of shower.	Entre Montmartre et l'Opéra (grands magasins), ce deux pièces de charme se compose d'une entrée, séjour - cuisine américaine (tout équipée) avec canapé lit, chambre avec grand lit et salle de douche.  Between Montmartre and the Opera (department stores), it two rooms(parts,plays) of charm consists of an entrance(entry), a stay - American cooking(kitchen) (quite equipped) with sofa bed, room(chamber) with big bed and room of shower.
6366	Montmartre Opéra Pigalle Metro :  4, 7 ou 12 Rer : B or D Bus : 26 or 43 for professionnal rent : fashion shooting, movies… the price could be different Montmartre Opéra Pigalle Metro :  4, 7 ou 12 Rer : B or D Bus : 26 or 43 for professionnal rent : fashion shooting, movies… the price could be different	Classical parisian Flat near Montmartre for a  family with 3 rooms (2 rooms for adults and 1 room for kids) and a design kitchen and bathroom… 171  square meters. Perfect for a family with children and maybe the grand father ;-) Montmartre Opéra Pigalle Metro :  4, 7 ou 12 Rer : B or D Bus : 26 or 43 for professionnal rent : fashion shooting, movies… the price could be different
6367		Au coeur du 9e arrondissement de Paris profitez d'une grande chambre situé dans un appartement meublé et avec tout le confort nécessaire. Accés direct à une grande salle de bain équipée d'une grande baignoire. Vous disposez également d'une cuisine
6368	Surface : 35m2  L'appartement comprend :  Un séjour avec balcon.  Une chambre avec un lit double Une cuisine équipée : micro-ondes, four et plaques de cuisson, machine à café Nespresso …  Une salle de douche + toilettes A noter : 5ème sans ascenseur  Machine à laver (séchante), table et fer à repasser  WIFI, TV câble  Serviettes et draps compris  -------- Surface : 35m2 The apartment includes :  A living room with balcony  A bedroom with a double bed A full-equipped kitchen : microwave, oven and hotplates, Nespresso coffee machine ...  A bathroom (shower + toilettes)  Please note it's on 5th floor without elevator  washing machine (and dryer), iron  wifi and cable TV  towels and bed linen are provided  	Situé dans une rue donnant sur la rue des Martyrs, proche du métro Notre Dame de Lorette, appartement 2 pièces typiquement parisien, au 5ème étage avec balcon, très clair. Possibilité de parking (en supplément) Surface : 35m2  L'appartement comprend :  Un séjour avec balcon.  Une chambre avec un lit double Une cuisine équipée : micro-ondes, four et plaques de cuisson, machine à café Nespresso …  Une salle de douche + toilettes A noter : 5ème sans ascenseur  Machine à laver (séchante), table et fer à repasser  WIFI, TV câble  Serviettes et draps compris  -------- Surface : 35m2 The apartment includes :  A living room with balcony  A bedroom with a double bed A full-equipped kitchen : microwave, oven and hotplates, Nespresso coffee machine ...  A bathroom (shower + toilettes)  Please note it's on 5th floor without elevator  washing machine (and dryer), iron  wifi and cable TV  towels and bed linen are provided Accès à l’ensemble de l’appartement Access to the whole apartment Idéalement s
6369	It is located in one of the quieter streets and has access to a communal courtyard/garden. The en-suite bedroom is simply beautifully decorated with 18ct antiques and two large windows letting in lots of light. There is a king size bed and large inbuilt cupboard - linen is provided. The living area has a convertible sofa/bed, cable/ satellite TV, CD player & WiFi access. The kitchen is fully equipped with state-of the art appliances such as dishwasher, microwave, kettle, cooking utensils, refrigerator... The nearest tube/metro station is 5mins away (Saint-George or Pigalle). There is a bus stop 20 meters away from your front door which connects into all areas in Paris.	Charming one bedroom apartment moments away for Paris's Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur and Paris's shopping district (Galeries Lafayette). This is a very comfortable and newly renovated ground floor apartment with a peaceful, neutral decor - all the original features (wooden floor & mantel pieces) have been kept. It is located in one of the quieter streets and has access to a communal courtyard/garden. The en-suite bedroom is simply beautifully decorated with 18ct antiques and two large windows letting in lots of light. There is a king size bed and large inbuilt cupboard - linen is provided. The living area has a convertible sofa/bed, cable/ satellite TV, CD player & WiFi access. The kitchen is fully equipped with state-of the art appliances such as dishwasher, microwave, kettle, cooking utensils, refrigerator... The nearest tube/metro station is 5mins away (Saint-George or Pigalle). There is a bus stop 20 meters away from your front door which connects into all areas in Paris.
6370	For rent, June, July, August Under the roof cosy studio with view on the MonMartre church 6th floor with elevator Kitchen with owen, fridge and all apliances Bathroom with laundry Two beds, signe/double Metro Blanche/Pigalle/St Georges Near Opera , Gustave Moreau and Vie Romantique museums Full commodities and stores nearby	For rent, June, July, August Under the roof cosy studio with view on the MonMartre church 6th floor with elevator Kitchen with owen, fridge and all apliances Bathroom with laundry Two beds, signe/double Metro Blanche/Pigalle/St Georges Near Opera , Gustave Moreau and Vie Romantique museums Full commodities and stores nearby
6371	This apartment, small but very pleasant and very handy, will offer you a unique experience of Paris. You have your own : shower, toilets, and kitchen where you have everything you need to cook.  His greatest asset: A piano! 	"In the midst of Pigalle, a few minutes only from the Sacré Coeur, this apartment, small but pleasant and very handy, will offer you a unique experience in Paris. His greatest asset: a Piano! This apartment, small but very pleasant and very handy, will offer you a unique experience of Paris. You have your own : shower, toilets, and kitchen where you have everything you need to cook.  His greatest asset: A piano! This district is absolutely unique. especially if you are a musician, or a music fan.  Pigalle is extremely lively, with a lot of theaters around, ""the"" place to party.  All convenient shops within 200 yards, including a small grocery store open till three in the morning just down the block as well as a marvelous bakery.  This apartment is located close to the subway Blanche, in front of the Moulin Rouge.  From there you can easily reach all the great touristic centers of Paris: The Champs Elysées and the Louvre are only at a 15 subway trip, the quartier Latin at 25, and the Ope"
6372	Unique pour le quartier dans lequel il se trouve et sa luminosité, ce petit studio au coeur de Paris saura remplir vos attentes en matière de sorties culturelles, culinaires ou nocturnes et vous offrira un cadre agréable à vivre. Idéal pour une personne ou un couple.  Une pièce principale (avec poutres apparentes), entièrement meublée, avec canapé lit. Une salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Une cuisine avec 2 plaques chauffantes et un frigidaire Draps et serviettes fournis Facile d'accès, commerces, bars, restaurants et magasins à proximité.	Charmant studio tout équipé, avec poutres apparentes, lumineux, accueillant, et idéalement situé (à 2 min de Montorgueil et des Grands Boulevards). Commerces, théâtre, cinéma, lieux de culture, gastronomie française, boîtes à proximité.  Unique pour le quartier dans lequel il se trouve et sa luminosité, ce petit studio au coeur de Paris saura remplir vos attentes en matière de sorties culturelles, culinaires ou nocturnes et vous offrira un cadre agréable à vivre. Idéal pour une personne ou un couple.  Une pièce principale (avec poutres apparentes), entièrement meublée, avec canapé lit. Une salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Une cuisine avec 2 plaques chauffantes et un frigidaire Draps et serviettes fournis Facile d'accès, commerces, bars, restaurants et magasins à proximité. Merci de me contacter pour une réservation, je vous répondrai dans les meilleurs délais. Accès via différentes lignes de métro :  - Station Bonne Nouvelle : lignes 8 & 9 - Station Sentier : ligne 3 - Station Strasb
6373	The place has been redesigned in a bright cosy and designed furnished space with a mix of modern and vintage pieces. It is comfortable like a big space with hot tub, dishwasher, washing machine, etc. Very sunny and with a nice terrace in Paris!	Charming bright 42sqm flat with add 8sqm terrace facing south. 5th fl. with lift. With all mod cons (washing machine, dishwasher). Spare confortable air mattress bed. 2 métro stations from Montmartre, and 10min walking from rue des Martyrs, Printemps/Galleries and Le Moulin Rouge. Typical Parisian street. The place has been redesigned in a bright cosy and designed furnished space with a mix of modern and vintage pieces. It is comfortable like a big space with hot tub, dishwasher, washing machine, etc. Very sunny and with a nice terrace in Paris! TV, Wifi, coffee machine, etc. The 9th arrondissement is a typical Parisian area surrounded by Montmartre, Le Moulin Rouge and the famous rue des Martyrs with its weekend typical food market and flea markets. Close to famous restaurants like Hotel Amour, le Pantruche, Buvette or Rose Bakery Martyrs. 5 minutes walking from the Pigale, Trinite, Saint Georges and Liege Subway stations (12, 2 and 13 lines). Also great 74 bus in front of the buildin
6374	The room has  comfortable beds, duvets good quality, pillows, protection hygienic for the mattress and pillows, bed linens and towels are there for your peaceful stay. This  studio has been newly renovated and consists of:  fridge, microwave,ceramic hob, dishes, kitchen utensils and a coffee maker.  There is a double bed, an extra bed .  There is a bathroom with shower,  towels-dryer ,WC and sink.  There are also TV, Internet, electric  heating, hairdryer,  a wardrobe and an iron.	"This nice flat for 3-4 people is located in one of the most touristic places of Paris- near the famous Moulin Rouge and Montmartre disctrict. Such artists as Pablo Picasso, Vincent van Gogh, and Maurice Neumont once lived here! The room has  comfortable beds, duvets good quality, pillows, protection hygienic for the mattress and pillows, bed linens and towels are there for your peaceful stay. This  studio has been newly renovated and consists of:  fridge, microwave,ceramic hob, dishes, kitchen utensils and a coffee maker.  There is a double bed, an extra bed .  There is a bathroom with shower,  towels-dryer ,WC and sink.  There are also TV, Internet, electric  heating, hairdryer,  a wardrobe and an iron. Guest have an access to all things and conveniences in the flat I am at guests's disposal if they have some questions In Pigalle you can find a very famous cabaret -The Divan du Monde and the Moulin Rouge. So,  Pigalle is a well- known spot for people who want to experience ""Paris by n"
6375	Charming and cozy studio is located on the Boulevard de la Madeleine. The kitchen and bathroom are newly renovated and separated from the actual bedroom, with a small terrace.	Newly renovated studio in Paris's only Art Deco building located in the prestigious Madeleine neighborhood with a 24 hour concierge. Stone's throw away from the Ritz on Rue Cambon, walking distance to landmarks and boutiques, 5/10mins. to Louvre/Concorde. Charming and cozy studio is located on the Boulevard de la Madeleine. The kitchen and bathroom are newly renovated and separated from the actual bedroom, with a small terrace. The 20th century Art Deco style historical building with marble facade used to be the former Grand Hotel de Paris and is now called Residence Madeleine.  It has a 24 hours concierge making it the most secure building.  It also has an impressive and huge lobby with a beautiful dome made of crystal Lalique, another historical piece as you enter the building! A property manager will check you in and assist in any queries. Blocks away from Place de la Concorde, all the shops on Rue St.Honore, the gardens Tuileries and the Louvre, and in the other direction is Opera 
6376	Ideally located in the heart of the 9th district of Paris , this spacious room will ensure peaceful nights . The 100m2 apartment is old style with wooden floors and large windows , bright with high ceilings . The bathroom is large with a long bath bidet and a washbasin and a fully mirrored wall . His period wallpaper gives it a rococo style. Meals can be taken in the kitchen at a round table in which to live and be sitting down to eat. It is fully equipped ( oven, microwave espresso machine , refrigerator, stove , dishwasher and washer / dryer and crockery ) . A large lounge with a big screen ( CanalSat ) and a sofa , a fireplace and a large desk , welcome you for your moments of leisure and relaxation. Wifi covers the whole house. The linen is provided and a separate toilet . This room is close to various transport ( Orlybus Opera metro Liege, Saint Lazare Place Clichy , RER A and E, many buses ) this location will allow you to visit Paris as you see fit . A few stations of all the Gr	Great room in an old apartment of 100m2 In the heart of Paris, near Montmartre, the Sacred Heart and the Opera Garnier M Liege, Saint-Lazare, Place Clichy, Trinidad Bus, RER A / E. Close to shops. Ideally located in the heart of the 9th district of Paris , this spacious room will ensure peaceful nights . The 100m2 apartment is old style with wooden floors and large windows , bright with high ceilings . The bathroom is large with a long bath bidet and a washbasin and a fully mirrored wall . His period wallpaper gives it a rococo style. Meals can be taken in the kitchen at a round table in which to live and be sitting down to eat. It is fully equipped ( oven, microwave espresso machine , refrigerator, stove , dishwasher and washer / dryer and crockery ) . A large lounge with a big screen ( CanalSat ) and a sofa , a fireplace and a large desk , welcome you for your moments of leisure and relaxation. Wifi covers the whole house. The linen is provided and a separate toilet . This room is cl
6377	La situation est ideale à 5 minutes du Sacre Coeur, et de la mythique rue des Martyrs, l appartement est desservi par les lignes 2 et 12 du metro, bel immeuble, appartement de caractere, décoré avec goût	La situation est ideale à 5 minutes du Sacre Coeur, et de la mythique rue des Martyrs, l appartement est desservi par les lignes 2 et 12 du metro, bel immeuble, appartement de caractere, décoré avec goût tout l appartement Je fais de mon mieux pour aider au maximum  le Sacre Coeur, le Moulin Rouge, la rue des Martyrs en metro grâce à la ligne 2 et 12 arrêt Pigalle ou Saint Georges
6378		accès à l'appartement : cuisine salle de bains cabinet de toilettes séparés.
6379		In a very luxury residece, two minutes walking to the Place Vendôme, Madeliene, and Faubourg Saint Honore, 2 bedroom and 1 bathroom, 3rd floor with elevator,  50m2, fully kitchen. 
6380		Lovely  (email hidden) to the Opera 1 bedroom, 1 living room with a coach convertible for 2 more people. equiped with wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, cabletv,
6381	L'appartement, d'une surface de 60 m2 peut accueillir un couple et un enfant(possibilité lit parapluie). Situé au 3ème et 4ème étage, il est composé d'un salon-séjour (écran plat, lecteur DVD), d'1 chambre (lit  double) et d'une mezzanine ouverte. Cuisine toute équipée (four, lave-vaisselle, etc.), salle de bain (baignoire, lave/sèche linge, sèche-cheveux). Les draps et serviettes sont fournis.	Duplex de 60 m2  charmant et lumineux aux poutres et aux pierres apparentes dans un immeuble du XIXème siècle. Proche de commerces, bars et restaurants branchés. Idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. L'appartement, d'une surface de 60 m2 peut accueillir un couple et un enfant(possibilité lit parapluie). Situé au 3ème et 4ème étage, il est composé d'un salon-séjour (écran plat, lecteur DVD), d'1 chambre (lit  double) et d'une mezzanine ouverte. Cuisine toute équipée (four, lave-vaisselle, etc.), salle de bain (baignoire, lave/sèche linge, sèche-cheveux). Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Lave/sèche linge), lave vaisselle, four, sèche-cheveux Possibilité d'échange si besoin. Idéalement situé, à proximité: des bons commerces (rue des Martyrs, rue Cadet),  du quartier des Grands Boulevards, des Grands Magasins (Lafayette et Printemps) et des cabarets. A proximité aussi de l'Opéra, des Folies Bergères, du musée Grévin, de la salle de vente Drouot et de Montmartre…   Idéal pour découvrir 
6382	Charmant appartement de 80 m2 au pied de Montmartre dans le quartier de La Nouvelle Athenes. Idéal pour une famille (4 couchages, possibilité 5). Il est composé d'une belle pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte et de deux chambres séparée avec salle de bains + douche. Les WC sont indépendants. Vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un excellent séjour :  - 1 chambre avec un lit double (draps fournis),  - 1 chambre avec un lit superposé (draps fournis),  - 1 salon avec canapé d’angle pouvant accueillir une cinquième personne  - Possibilité de fournir un lit parapluie pour un bébé  - 1 salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec porte-serviettes chauffant et sèche-cheveux  - 1 cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur, plaques à induction, cafetière, four micro-ondes, fournitures (casseroles, poêles, torchons, liquide vaisselle, etc.) et vaisselle (assiettes, verres, tasses, couverts, etc.) à disposition.  -  Café, thés et chocolat à disposition ! - Fer + table  à repasser  - Lave va	Charmant appartement de 80 m2 au pied de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur dans le quartier de La Nouvelle Athenes. Idéal pour une famille (4 couchages, possibilité 5). Charmant appartement de 80 m2 au pied de Montmartre dans le quartier de La Nouvelle Athenes. Idéal pour une famille (4 couchages, possibilité 5). Il est composé d'une belle pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte et de deux chambres séparée avec salle de bains + douche. Les WC sont indépendants. Vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un excellent séjour :  - 1 chambre avec un lit double (draps fournis),  - 1 chambre avec un lit superposé (draps fournis),  - 1 salon avec canapé d’angle pouvant accueillir une cinquième personne  - Possibilité de fournir un lit parapluie pour un bébé  - 1 salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec porte-serviettes chauffant et sèche-cheveux  - 1 cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur, plaques à induction, cafetière, four micro-ondes, fournitures (casseroles, poêles, torchons, liquide vais
6383	Charming appartment with balcony. The building is an old convent and the neighbors are quiet. 	One bedroom appt with 3 windows living room with balcony for romantic diners on the parisian's skyline! 5 minute walk from the Sacré coeur and Montmartre hill, in the heart of  Paris with great restaurants/bar nearby. Fully furnished! Charming appartment with balcony. The building is an old convent and the neighbors are quiet. The appartement as all the facilities needed : nespresso machine, dishwasher, washing machine and lots of cooking accessories, Wifi We can advise you on the many restaurants in our neighborhood, the great morning markets for typical french food and the secret parisian spots not to be missed! Great location, 5 minute walk from Sacré Coeur, from the famous rue des martyrs and one minute from the saturday's food market avenue Trudaine! Near gare du nord Ligne 2, Anvers but as well Ligne 5, 4 and 7 Bicycle stations 
6384	brend new appartment in the center (9th) near Galerie Lafayette, Moulin rouge, butte Montmartre, Opera, Drouot. 45 m2 all equipment included. contact: Guillaume 	brend new appartment in the center (9th) near Galerie Lafayette, Moulin rouge, butte Montmartre, Opera, Drouot. 45 m2 all equipment included. contact: Guillaume 
6385	Nice spot, Located in the heart of French and real Parisian fashion and tourism area, in a quiet street, Rue (website hidden) Mauroy, street between all the famous department stores and Madeleine Church. 5 mns by walk to the Opéra Garnier (M : Opera) 5 mns by walk to the famous and fashion Rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré,  At less than 10 mns by walk, from la Concorde Square, Vendôme Square (Place Vendôme) or Tuileries Garden or Louvre Museum At about 12-155 mns by walk to The famous Champs Elysées Avenue.... On fashion side you can find: Le Printemps Haussmann and les Galeries Lafayette are at 3 mns by walk, Chanel, Dior, Louboutin, Hermes at 3-5 mns… For he gourmets, Ladurée and the famous macarons, Fauchon or Hédiard, le Café de la Paix, the famous french bakery Paul… are, at less than 5 mns from the house. In this area, you have a strarbucks in all the corners if you like coffee...and to be as in USA Spacious and nice flat (more than 50 m2), located on 1st floor of an old, clean and t	Very Nice & charming flat in the heart of Paris for 2 discret people only Nice spot, Located in the heart of French and real Parisian fashion and tourism area, in a quiet street, Rue (website hidden) Mauroy, street between all the famous department stores and Madeleine Church. 5 mns by walk to the Opéra Garnier (M : Opera) 5 mns by walk to the famous and fashion Rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré,  At less than 10 mns by walk, from la Concorde Square, Vendôme Square (Place Vendôme) or Tuileries Garden or Louvre Museum At about 12-155 mns by walk to The famous Champs Elysées Avenue.... On fashion side you can find: Le Printemps Haussmann and les Galeries Lafayette are at 3 mns by walk, Chanel, Dior, Louboutin, Hermes at 3-5 mns… For he gourmets, Ladurée and the famous macarons, Fauchon or Hédiard, le Café de la Paix, the famous french bakery Paul… are, at less than 5 mns from the house. In this area, you have a strarbucks in all the corners if you like coffee...and to be as in USA Spacious an
6386	Our apartment is a large 3 bedroom apartment that has been fully renovated in 2014. It is located at the 6th floor of a typical and beautiful haussmanian building. The total size of the apartment is 180 sqm.  There are 3 bedrooms (please look at the pictures): the parents' room has a queen size bed (160 cm large). Our girls' room has 2 beds: one regular one person mezzanine bed (190 cm) and one 160 cm bed. In addition we can provide a foldable baby bed if you need one. The third room has two independent beds that can be tied together to form a queen size bed (as it is shown in the pictures). There are 2 bathrooms and 2 independent WC.  There is a large entrance and a double living room / dining room (about 40 sqm). All rooms have a balcony facing east overseeing Paris rooftops. In the Summer you wake up with warm sunrise. The living room has a large balcony that can be used as a terrasse for a relaxing time or to take a meal. The apartment is full of light and incredibly silent: no noi	We will be away most of the Summer and are offering our home up for rent for families wishing to stay in a large, beautiful and sunny apartment. The location is great: between Montmartre (5') and Opera (10'). A great base for your holiday in Paris. Our apartment is a large 3 bedroom apartment that has been fully renovated in 2014. It is located at the 6th floor of a typical and beautiful haussmanian building. The total size of the apartment is 180 sqm.  There are 3 bedrooms (please look at the pictures): the parents' room has a queen size bed (160 cm large). Our girls' room has 2 beds: one regular one person mezzanine bed (190 cm) and one 160 cm bed. In addition we can provide a foldable baby bed if you need one. The third room has two independent beds that can be tied together to form a queen size bed (as it is shown in the pictures). There are 2 bathrooms and 2 independent WC.  There is a large entrance and a double living room / dining room (about 40 sqm). All rooms have a balcony f
6387	Appartement haussmannien de plus de 100m2 de 4 chambres (en colocation), un grand salon, une cuisine intégralement équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire et une douche privée pour la chambre en location. La chambre donne sur une cour privée. 	"Appartement haussmannien de plus de 100m2 de 4 chambres (en colocation), un grand salon, une cuisine intégralement équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire et une douche privée pour la chambre en location. La chambre donne sur une cour privée.  Accès à la cuisine aménagée (frigo, four, micro-onde, machine à laver la vaisselle et le linge) et au salon de 20 m2 avec internet (wifi) Au pied de la butte Momnartre, le quartier regorge d'attractions touristiques : sacré coeur, moulin rouge, ... L'appartement se trouve également dans le nouveau quartier de ""south pigalle"" avec de nombreux restaurants, bars, etc. Métro Pigalle  - 50 m un chat habite également l'appartement, mais dans une autre chambre."
6388	Refait tout à neuf	Quartier Montmartre, Grand 2 pièces avec couloir, salle d'eau et toilettes séparées, cuisine équipée, grande chambre et grand salon / salle à manger lumineux, 2 balcons vue sur Paris Refait tout à neuf Des guides Paris, des conseils Metro voiture taxi
6389	At the first floor, the apartment is a quiet and bright 120 sqm place, perfect for a family. It has air-conditioning. There are 2 bedrooms : one with king size bed and the other one with a sofa-bed. The bright main room has TV with international channels and free unlimited speed wifi connection.The kitchen is fully equiped (microwave, oven, fridge, ...). The main bathroom has a bath and there is another independent shower room with washing machine and dryer.  	Benefit of a stay in Paris in the famous district of the street of the Martyrs close to Montmartre and to the Opera. The apartment of 120 sqm with a large living-room, kitchen, dining room and 2 bedrooms with ensuite bathroom. At the first floor, the apartment is a quiet and bright 120 sqm place, perfect for a family. It has air-conditioning. There are 2 bedrooms : one with king size bed and the other one with a sofa-bed. The bright main room has TV with international channels and free unlimited speed wifi connection.The kitchen is fully equiped (microwave, oven, fridge, ...). The main bathroom has a bath and there is another independent shower room with washing machine and dryer.  Pilows, towels and linen are facilities free of charge. There is a free service coffee machine.  The apartment has all you need for a comfortable, self catering stay.  If you have any specific request, don't hesitate to ask.  In an idyllic and very central setting, the apartment is located just a couple of s
6390	( photo en attente mise en ligne par Airbnb )	Je met à disposition ma chambre 20m2 située à l'étage inférieur d'un appartement en duplex ( 4/5e ), accessible par un escalier en colimaçon Très lumineuse avec 3 fenêtres et beaucoup de charme : parquet, moulures, cheminée et un petit balcon avec vue dégagée Grand lit double et TV dans la chambre ( photo en attente mise en ligne par Airbnb ) Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement : cuisine, salle de douche, grand balcon filant Appartement propre et décoration soignée
6391	Prestations hôtelières, bénéficiant de tout le charme et le confort moderne. Après avoir traversé la cour arborée de cette ancienne cité d'artiste, vous arrivez au pied de ce charmant atelier d'artiste qui vient d'être entièrement refait. Au RDC, sol en carreaux de ciments, une belle cuisine de campagne tout équipée, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, équipements ménagés, machine  Nespresso,  une belle salle de bain avec baignoire en fonte et un grand dressing pour déposer et ranger ses valises. Au 1er étage, une grande pièce à vivre sous une immense verrière, baignée de soleil, le salon années 50 avec un très grand canapé lit pouvant coucher 2 personnes. Chambre en mezzanine : sur une véritable mezzanine ou vous pouvez tenir debout se trouve une charmante chambre sous les toits  avec un lit 2 personnes et la climatisation réversible en cas de grosse chaleurs. 	Venez profiter de ce charmant Atelier d'Artiste refait à neuf par un architecte. Situé dans une ancienne cité d'artiste datant du début du siècle, dans une cour arborée hors du temps où les oiseaux chantent !! Prestations hôtelières, bénéficiant de tout le charme et le confort moderne. Après avoir traversé la cour arborée de cette ancienne cité d'artiste, vous arrivez au pied de ce charmant atelier d'artiste qui vient d'être entièrement refait. Au RDC, sol en carreaux de ciments, une belle cuisine de campagne tout équipée, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, équipements ménagés, machine  Nespresso,  une belle salle de bain avec baignoire en fonte et un grand dressing pour déposer et ranger ses valises. Au 1er étage, une grande pièce à vivre sous une immense verrière, baignée de soleil, le salon années 50 avec un très grand canapé lit pouvant coucher 2 personnes. Chambre en mezzanine : sur une véritable mezzanine ou vous pouvez tenir debout se trouve une charmante chambre sous les toits  avec u
6392		This cute little studio has an adorable location. It is close to the Sacre Coeur in the 9th area of Paris. Perfect flat for a couple. Beautiful area full of restaurants, Bars and local & touristic spots
6393	"In the heart of Paris' night life, enjoy a large, quiet private room in our great apartment, free access to our kitchen and living room.  You will enjoy the sunny views from our balcony of our 19th century stone building in one of the most round-the-clock lively neighbourhoods in Paris, with a great number of cafés and restaurants, theatres and night clubs, historical ""passages"" and shopping areas.  10 minutes walk from the Opera, Grands Magasins and Montmartre, we also have several major bus and metro lines (7,2 and 12) that will take you anywhere in the city within about 20 minutes. Our closest metro station : ""Cadet"" or ""Anvers"". 10/15 minutes walk from major train stations. My husband is a Product Web Manager, I am working in luxury industry and we will be pleased to welcome you and give you some tips to discover our wonderful City and country.  The private room can accommodate 2 people Services provided : wifi high speed internet, full kitchen with washer, bathroom very well equip"	"Superbe appartement haussmannien dans le 9e arrondissement, au pied de  Montmartre et rue des Martyrs. 5e étage ascenseur, très clair, très calme, vous vous sentirez comme chez vous! In the heart of Paris' night life, enjoy a large, quiet private room in our great apartment, free access to our kitchen and living room.  You will enjoy the sunny views from our balcony of our 19th century stone building in one of the most round-the-clock lively neighbourhoods in Paris, with a great number of cafés and restaurants, theatres and night clubs, historical ""passages"" and shopping areas.  10 minutes walk from the Opera, Grands Magasins and Montmartre, we also have several major bus and metro lines (7,2 and 12) that will take you anywhere in the city within about 20 minutes. Our closest metro station : ""Cadet"" or ""Anvers"". 10/15 minutes walk from major train stations. My husband is a Product Web Manager, I am working in luxury industry and we will be pleased to welcome you and give you some tips "
6394	"This studio of 25 m² is located in a quiet street in the center of Paris, opposite the famous music hall ""Folies Bergère"", between the ""Opera"", Department Stores, Montmartre and the Covered Passages leading to the Royal Palace and the Louvre. It is located in a charming triplex Parisian nineteenth century building offering 3 air conditioned bedrooms. The decor is contemporary, it combines with taste the wood, brick and metal. It is ideal for travelers seeking privacy, tranquility, comfort The studio consists of a large bedroom, a shower room and private toilets. The House is also equipped with a kitchenette: sink, induction hob, microwave, utensils needed to prepare meals. Breakfast is included: Nespresso capsules, tea, chocolate, jam, orange juice Bio, bread, pastries ... It also offers all the latest technologies (flat screen TV, free WIFI), it also has a Nespresso coffee machine and kettle with a selection of teas and Nespresso capsules. Side bathroom, a walk-in shower, a hairdryer,"	"This studio is located in a quiet street between the Opera, the department stores, Montmartre and the Louvre. It is decorated in a contemporary style, mixing brick, wood and metal, offers a kitchen and is located close to the subway. This studio of 25 m² is located in a quiet street in the center of Paris, opposite the famous music hall ""Folies Bergère"", between the ""Opera"", Department Stores, Montmartre and the Covered Passages leading to the Royal Palace and the Louvre. It is located in a charming triplex Parisian nineteenth century building offering 3 air conditioned bedrooms. The decor is contemporary, it combines with taste the wood, brick and metal. It is ideal for travelers seeking privacy, tranquility, comfort The studio consists of a large bedroom, a shower room and private toilets. The House is also equipped with a kitchenette: sink, induction hob, microwave, utensils needed to prepare meals. Breakfast is included: Nespresso capsules, tea, chocolate, jam, orange juice Bio, br"
6395	Appartement 72 m2 comprenant une entrée, une cuisine, une pièce principale salon-salle à manger, 2 chambres et 1 salle de bain. Les chambres et la pièce principale ont une vue imprenable sur l'Eglise de la Trinité... Atout charme garanti ! 	Bel appartement en plein centre de Paris à 2 pas de l'Opéra et des grands magasins. 6e et dernier étage d'un immeuble Haussmann entièrement refait il y a 3 ans.  Superbe vue sur l'Eglise de la Trinité. Appartement 72 m2 comprenant une entrée, une cuisine, une pièce principale salon-salle à manger, 2 chambres et 1 salle de bain. Les chambres et la pièce principale ont une vue imprenable sur l'Eglise de la Trinité... Atout charme garanti ! Seul le dressing de l'appartement sera condamné. Toutes les autres pièces seront (website hidden) et cartes à votre disposition. Qui dit 9e arrondissement dit d'abord Opéra et Grands Magasins, en l'occurrence le Printemps et les Galeries Lafayette. Ensuite viennent les Grands Boulevards, avec ses théâtres, le charme de ses passages couverts du XIXe et le musée Grévin. Mais le 9e, c'est aussi la proximité de Montmartre : le Sacré-Coeur qui attire plus de 6 millions de visiteurs chaque année. En bas de l'appartement, il vous suffit de traverser la rue po
6396	The area is busy close to everything: St Lazare train station, Roissy bus terminus, South Pigalle to go out, Montmartre, Opera and the Galleries Lafayette. We are by the Casino de Paris concert hall and many theatres around (2 at our doorstep!) Yet, the residence is very quiet, and green. You can sit on the balcony for breakfast or a night drink if you wish.	We offer our high quality sofa bed in the living room. The flat is large, confortable and with a lot of light (7th floor). The residence is recent and is very quiet, overlooking a garden. The location is ideal for a stay in Paris: Opera, Montmartre The area is busy close to everything: St Lazare train station, Roissy bus terminus, South Pigalle to go out, Montmartre, Opera and the Galleries Lafayette. We are by the Casino de Paris concert hall and many theatres around (2 at our doorstep!) Yet, the residence is very quiet, and green. You can sit on the balcony for breakfast or a night drink if you wish. Guests have access for the night only, as we are working from home. But breakfast will be served in the living room or balcony! Because we live and work in the flat, we can look after guests in the evening for arrival and breakfast in the morning only. This accommodation is perfect for a 1 night stay if you go to the theatre, if you are in transit in Paris, to catch a train or a plane. W
6397	Quiet apartement in the middle of a buzzing streets ( Rochechouart, Maubeuge, Martyrs, Lafayette, Paradis...)  with many great restaurants, bistros, cafes, shops and supermarkets. Only 10 min walking distance from Sacré Coeur and Montmartre ! 1 quiet bedroom (2 persons). Cosy, luminous and spacious lounge with 1 confortable sofa (2 persons). Kitchen with all confort and amenities. 1 Bathroom (shower). 4 floor (no elevator) Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions (Opéra, Montmartre, Galeries Lafayettes, Le Printemps,...) as well as easy access to Metro stop. Direct access from the airport with the Metro.	Parisian and stylish apartement in the heart Paris in trendy et friendly neighborhood. Very central location perfect to discover Paris and live parisian experience. Spotless and luminous apartement in peaceful street and quiet courtyard.  Quiet apartement in the middle of a buzzing streets ( Rochechouart, Maubeuge, Martyrs, Lafayette, Paradis...)  with many great restaurants, bistros, cafes, shops and supermarkets. Only 10 min walking distance from Sacré Coeur and Montmartre ! 1 quiet bedroom (2 persons). Cosy, luminous and spacious lounge with 1 confortable sofa (2 persons). Kitchen with all confort and amenities. 1 Bathroom (shower). 4 floor (no elevator) Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions (Opéra, Montmartre, Galeries Lafayettes, Le Printemps,...) as well as easy access to Metro stop. Direct access from the airport with the Metro. Confortable bed, all amenities, Wifi, TV internationnal channels, stereo, washer, washing machine, drier, dishwasher I am always avai
6398	DESCRIPTION (your room) - 11 m² (35ft²) - large windows - balcony - large bed (140 x 190) - wifi - Just next to your room, private bathroom and toilet. DESCRIPTION (apartment) - 96 m² (315ft²) - 3 bedrooms, living room with 2 balconies, kitchen (fridge, freezer, stove, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, toaster, microwave, etc.) ; 2 bathrooms ; 2 toilets - wifi ; tv (living room) ; washing machine ; dryer ; etc. - 5th floor (with elevator) - Concierge  	I will leave Paris 2 months and half (1st august ~ oct 30ft). Im looking for a guest to rent my bedroom. I have 2 very nice roomates, Kevin and Alvaro (they speak english and spanish).They will be very happy to talk and help you during your travel ! DESCRIPTION (your room) - 11 m² (35ft²) - large windows - balcony - large bed (140 x 190) - wifi - Just next to your room, private bathroom and toilet. DESCRIPTION (apartment) - 96 m² (315ft²) - 3 bedrooms, living room with 2 balconies, kitchen (fridge, freezer, stove, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, toaster, microwave, etc.) ; 2 bathrooms ; 2 toilets - wifi ; tv (living room) ; washing machine ; dryer ; etc. - 5th floor (with elevator) - Concierge full access We will be more than happy to talk with you :) The location is amazing !!! Our neighborhood is nice (we could show you some very nice place just near the apartment) and really safe. You can get several Metro station (less than 5 minutes by walk) : Richelieu-Drouot (line 8 and 9) ; L
6399	Typical parisian building but convenient (no elevator!). 4 balconies and really luminous. Easy to reach and really central then easy to get to any place within Paris. Kitchen, living and bathroom to be shared!	Room with balcony for two in a bright, shared & cosy apartment in the 9th arrondissement. Last floor (6th), old parisian building then no elevator. Central and easy to reach!  Typical parisian building but convenient (no elevator!). 4 balconies and really luminous. Easy to reach and really central then easy to get to any place within Paris. Kitchen, living and bathroom to be shared! Kitchen, living and bathroom to be shared! Two (website hidden) (Mathilde and Marguerite) with plenty of advice and tips in Paris and our neighborhood. One of us won't be here when you'll come. We both live in this apartment so please feel at home and treat this apartment as if it was yours, respectfully :) We speak both English y hablo español. Central but calm area. You can reach lots of neighbourhoods walking, cycling or by bus or tube within 15-30' (le Marais, Notre-Dame, le Quartier Latin, les Champs Elysées, Belleville, Montmartre, etc.) Bars and restaurants just downstairs in the rue des Martyrs. Mét
6400	Pretty little apartment. T2 32 m2. Lounge / kitchen, bedroom and separate shower. Perfect for weekend couples or friends. Ideal location at the foot of Montmartre. Pigalle Metro station 50 m.	Pretty little apartment. T2 32 m2. Lounge / kitchen, bedroom and separate shower. Perfect for weekend couples or friends. Ideal location at the foot of Montmartre. Pigalle Metro station 50 m.
6401	Logement en plein cœur d'un quartier familial et d'artistes. Très vivant par son activité de restaurants, brasseries, boutiques ....	Logement en plein cœur d'un quartier familial et d'artistes. Très vivant par son activité de restaurants, brasseries, boutiques .... Accès Wi-Fi  Véritable vie de village où l'on connait les commerçants de proximité, facilité de discuter avec les gens, quartier de promenades, point de départ de belles promenades à pieds dans Paris. Accès direct par le métro Ligne 12 entre les stations Pigalle et Saint-George. Accès par le bus 74 et 67
6402	The space is super relaxed and calm, no smoking please as there are a lot of soft furnishings and it is newly decorated.	    Calm, stylish flat near many main attractions, including Moulin Rouge, theatres, Montmartre & Galarie LaFayette. This charming home is not only comfortable, but  is a great base to  explore Paris from, with trendy bars & restaurants on the doorstep.     The space is super relaxed and calm, no smoking please as there are a lot of soft furnishings and it is newly decorated.
6403	"Big appartment in the heart of Paris. Near the Opera Garnier and Galeries Lafayette (famous French department store).  15 minutes walk from the ""Musee du Louvre"", Tuileries, ""Grands boulevards"" (Musée Grevin, Hard Rock cafe...). Direct train to Eurodisney (RER A - 45 minutes) from Auber station (5 minutes walk). The metro is : Chaussee d'Antin, Auber, Trinité, Saint-Lazare. 2 bedroom appartment, on the second floor, including :  1 parental room looking onto a quiet street (with cable TV) 1 children's room with 2 big beds and 1 baby bed (on the courtyard) Large living room with a convertible sofa, 3 armchairs. Fully-equiped and modern kitchen including a dinner table for 6 people, and all the equipment for children and babies. Big bathroom with a bathtub, washing machine, hair-dryer. Lots of restaurants, theatres and stores around, even a typical French marketplace. The perfect location to visit Paris with your family, and live like a real Parisian !"	"Big appartment in the heart of Paris. Near the Opera Garnier and Galeries Lafayette (famous French department store).  15 minutes walk from the ""Musee du Louvre"", Tuileries, ""Grands boulevards"" (Musée Grevin, Hard Rock cafe...). Direct train to Eurodisney (RER A - 45 minutes) from Auber station (5 minutes walk). The metro is : Chaussee d'Antin, Auber, Trinité, Saint-Lazare. 2 bedroom appartment, on the second floor, including :  1 parental room looking onto a quiet street (with cable TV) 1 children's room with 2 big beds and 1 baby bed (on the courtyard) Large living room with a convertible sofa, 3 armchairs. Fully-equiped and modern kitchen including a dinner table for 6 people, and all the equipment for children and babies. Big bathroom with a bathtub, washing machine, hair-dryer. Lots of restaurants, theatres and stores around, even a typical French marketplace. The perfect location to visit Paris with your family, and live like a real Parisian !"
6404	This spacious and trendy one-bedroom apartment is perfect for a long stay in the city. The kitchen is equipped with all of the appliances necessary for a comfortable stay: there is a dishwasher, a washing machine, an oven, a microwave and a Nespresso coffee machine. As you enter the apartment, you are welcomed into a vast entrance hall, where you can leave your belonging upon your arrival. The bright and modern lounge offers a relaxing space to live, thanks to the comfortable sofa. The dining table is perfect to receive your friends, during your stay in Paris in this trendy area of Paris.  The quiet bedroom is accessed on the right-hand side of the apartment. There stands a queen bed and a marvelous bath, where you can enjoy peaceful moments. The double vanity unit faces this open space. There is also a separated toilet. Internet is included throughout the apartment.	Spacious and confortable 1 bedroom apartment, in the trendy area of Pigalle and Saint Georges. This spacious and trendy one-bedroom apartment is perfect for a long stay in the city. The kitchen is equipped with all of the appliances necessary for a comfortable stay: there is a dishwasher, a washing machine, an oven, a microwave and a Nespresso coffee machine. As you enter the apartment, you are welcomed into a vast entrance hall, where you can leave your belonging upon your arrival. The bright and modern lounge offers a relaxing space to live, thanks to the comfortable sofa. The dining table is perfect to receive your friends, during your stay in Paris in this trendy area of Paris.  The quiet bedroom is accessed on the right-hand side of the apartment. There stands a queen bed and a marvelous bath, where you can enjoy peaceful moments. The double vanity unit faces this open space. There is also a separated toilet. Internet is included throughout the apartment. Your check-in and check-o
6405	"In the heart of Paris, this charming comfortable studio for 2 persons is ideally located 2 steps from the Grands Boulevards, the Opera Garnier, department stores Gallerie Lafayette et du Printemps, Montmartre and Pigalle.  You will find two steps from the building the ""Cadet"" underground station, buses to take you to all the historical and tourist sites of Paris (Champs-Elysées, Les Halles, Saint-Michel ...).  15m2 on the 3rd floor d'un immeuble  entièrement équipé (cuisine toute équipée  canapé lit 2 places Connexion internet haut debit Salle de bain avec douche et toilet Very bright and fully renovated in 2011, you'll have an unforgettable stay in our beautiful capital. plein sud  Possibility to rent for a minimum of 4 nights  Very lively neighborhood with a lot of restaurant, bars and local shops.  Metro station : cadet (ligne 7)  I will be the one welcoming you when you arrive to check you in. It will be my pleasure to give you tips to discover the city and give you a city guide.  "	"In the heart of Paris, this charming comfortable studio for 2 persons is ideally located 2 steps from the Grands Boulevards, the Opera Garnier, department stores Gallerie Lafayette et du Printemps, Montmartre and Pigalle.  You will find two steps from the building the ""Cadet"" underground station, buses to take you to all the historical and tourist sites of Paris (Champs-Elysées, Les Halles, Saint-Michel ...).  15m2 on the 3rd floor d'un immeuble  entièrement équipé (cuisine toute équipée  canapé lit 2 places Connexion internet haut debit Salle de bain avec douche et toilet Very bright and fully renovated in 2011, you'll have an unforgettable stay in our beautiful capital. plein sud  Possibility to rent for a minimum of 4 nights  Very lively neighborhood with a lot of restaurant, bars and local shops.  Metro station : cadet (ligne 7)  I will be the one welcoming you when you arrive to check you in. It will be my pleasure to give you tips to discover the city and give you a city guide.  "
6406	The apartment: This charming and original 30 square meters appartment is very confortable. Surrended by countryards, the 2 rooms of this flat are very quiet and bright.  The bedroom with a real double bed can welcome 2 people. Located on gound floor you will enjoy the direct access to the flowered countryard where you can enjoy sunny lunch, such a privilege in Paris! 	Welcome !  This lovely appartment, perfectly located in a very attractive area will make you discover Paris’secret countryard !  The apartment: This charming and original 30 square meters appartment is very confortable. Surrended by countryards, the 2 rooms of this flat are very quiet and bright.  The bedroom with a real double bed can welcome 2 people. Located on gound floor you will enjoy the direct access to the flowered countryard where you can enjoy sunny lunch, such a privilege in Paris! During your stay the appartment will be fully yours and we will find the best way to exchange the keys  The area: Perfectly located between Monmartre and Opera, the area of Notre Dame de Lorette is a charming and dynamic place in Paris. Shops, restaurants, bars, everything you need is here.   You will find  in the the famous Rue des Martyrs all the french gastronomic pleasures : Small shops & restaurants Famous places in the area: Opera - Grand Magasins (Printemps and Galeries Lafayette), Montmar
6407	perfect for 6 people, and great views over Paris (Eiffel Tower), very charming with stone walls and original exposed beams; large living room with a kitchen open to the living with 2 large skylights.  Large living room with entertain system : TV, DVD, radio, wifi  Great for a couple and some kids  or group of friends.	In a Haussman building, just renovated, top floor well appointed aptartment (6th floor) also recently renovated;  NEW ELEVATOR up to the 5TH FLOOR, from the 5th to the 6th floor, 12 steps to reach the 6th and last floor that enable you to have no nei perfect for 6 people, and great views over Paris (Eiffel Tower), very charming with stone walls and original exposed beams; large living room with a kitchen open to the living with 2 large skylights.  Large living room with entertain system : TV, DVD, radio, wifi  Great for a couple and some kids  or group of friends. We keep in touch before, during and after the stay. Full of restaurants and supermarkets  the apartement is just one block away from the FOLIES BERGERES, famous cabaret.  In the street there is also theater TREVISE;  The nearby street CADET is a very lively pedestrian street where one can eat, shop and relax during the day.  Only 10 minutes walk takes you into the 2nd arrondissement and the great gourmet area MONTORGUEIL, a p
6408	The studio (20m2) is in a charming and secure Parisian building, on the 4th floor away from activities and noise at the street level. Newly renovated with modern furnishing and is well-equipped with all that you would need to make your stay comfortable. 	Our studio is ideal for exploring Paris. Centrally located where you can enjoy Parisian charm of brasseries & cafes, art, shopping at Galeries Lafayette/Printemps, and also the convenience of airport bus, and 5 metro stops. All within a few min walk! The studio (20m2) is in a charming and secure Parisian building, on the 4th floor away from activities and noise at the street level. Newly renovated with modern furnishing and is well-equipped with all that you would need to make your stay comfortable.  It comes with a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people, and an armchair by the window for you to enjoy the view from above. Kitchen completed with dining table and chairs, stove, microwave oven, refrigerator, and other kitchen utensils ...So you can enjoy a home cook meal away from home! Bathroom with shower cabinet, sink, hair dryer, and toiletries. HD TV, and unlimited WIFI Internet connection.  Bed linen and towels are also provided free of charge. Je serai présent pour la remise des clés et
6409	Bright one bedroom, with ensuite shower and small kitchen corner.  This typical French maid's room has been converted into a charming tiny apartment (10sqm), on the top floor under the roof of a beautiful historic Haussmann building.	Welcome to your typical Parisian maid's room, on the 6th floor under the roof a classic Haussmann-period building in the central and vibrant 9th district. Bright one bedroom, with ensuite shower and small kitchen corner.  This typical French maid's room has been converted into a charming tiny apartment (10sqm), on the top floor under the roof of a beautiful historic Haussmann building. Front door code and appartment key I always email and have a facetime call with the guests before their arrival While rue calais is a quiet street, great restaurants, theatres and bars are all in walking distance. Montmartre and the Moulin rouge is just up the street. Metro, bus and velib' city bikes are the best way to discover the city. You can connect to many of the free City Wifi Hotspots: •In a public area (park, city hall) , look for the white oval sign with four purples dots and the words “zone Wi-Fi” •From your device, choose the Wi-Fi network “Orange” •On the welcome page, click on “selectionnez
6410	Apartment ideally located in the 9 district, near a lot of theatres, shops  and restaurants. The apartment includes a private room with a double bed and a sofa bed in the living room.	Nice fournished flat in one of the best aera in Paris, right in the midle of the 9 disctrict.  The flat has a private room with a double bed, plus a couch - bed on the living room. Apartment ideally located in the 9 district, near a lot of theatres, shops  and restaurants. The apartment includes a private room with a double bed and a sofa bed in the living room.
6411	The appartment is cosy and functionnal. It's very light and quiet. It's on the 6th floor and there is a brand new no elevator! There's a bedroom with a 2-person bed and a sofa in the living-room that can be converted into a 1-person bed. The bathroom includes a shower, a sink and a heater for winter days ! The decoration of the apartment is charming: parquet, vintage furniture, souvenirs from our trips, all you need for a yoga session and vegetables growing ! Access is secured by a door with a code and a key.	"Our flat is very cozy, shiny, and charming thanks to its typical  ""under roof"" situation (and its elevator!). Very quiet, it overlooks a pedestrian street a courtyard. It's closed to Montmartre, Opera, many nice bars, restaurants and all commodities The appartment is cosy and functionnal. It's very light and quiet. It's on the 6th floor and there is a brand new no elevator! There's a bedroom with a 2-person bed and a sofa in the living-room that can be converted into a 1-person bed. The bathroom includes a shower, a sink and a heater for winter days ! The decoration of the apartment is charming: parquet, vintage furniture, souvenirs from our trips, all you need for a yoga session and vegetables growing ! Access is secured by a door with a code and a key. Equipment: queen-size bed sofa,  WIFI, TV,  washing machine , refrigerator, freezer,  oven, italian coffee machine, toaster, blender, hoover, etc... and a yoga mat ! We'll let you the whole apartment during your stay, with clean sheets"
6412	The bedrooms to rent are around 11 meter squares, with a double bed, one cupboard and 3 meubles. The telephone is free for the US and Canada, and any fix line in Europe. The flat is a small F3, clean and quiet, with 2 bedrooms and a kitchen- living room, on the 4th floor with unfortunately no lift. totally furnished, the bedding , sheets and blankets, pillows towels are included. Other facilities: Internet connection with WIFI, oven, washing machine, TV with cable,...	 2 Bedroom Apartment with an open plan lounge and kitchen. One toilet with shower.  Cable TV, High Speed Internet, free local telephone service.   Close to Opera, Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, (10 mn to La Defense, 5 to Chatelet or Champs Elysees) The bedrooms to rent are around 11 meter squares, with a double bed, one cupboard and 3 meubles. The telephone is free for the US and Canada, and any fix line in Europe. The flat is a small F3, clean and quiet, with 2 bedrooms and a kitchen- living room, on the 4th floor with unfortunately no lift. totally furnished, the bedding , sheets and blankets, pillows towels are included. Other facilities: Internet connection with WIFI, oven, washing machine, TV with cable,... Very convenient, very central It is possible to join almost every location within 20 minutes. 4 metro lines(phone number hidden) RER lines (A-E) The station ST Lazare. (Versailles 30 minutes) The minimum stay is 3 days, however a stay of 2 days is  possible for 279 Euros.
6413	"This double room of 20 sqm is located in a quiet street in the center of Paris, opposite the famous music hall ""Folies Bergère"", between the ""Opera"", Department Stores, Montmartre and the Covered Passages leading to the Palace Royal and the Louvre. It is located in a charming triplex Parisian nineteenth century building offering 3 air conditioned bedrooms. The decor of the loft room is contemporary, it combines with taste the wood, brick and metal. It is ideal for travelers seeking privacy, tranquility, comfort The room has a shower room and private toilet. Breakfast is included: Nespresso capsules, tea, chocolate, jam, orange juice Bio, bread, pastries ... The House is also equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, utensils necessary for a meal. It also offers all the latest technologies (flat screen TV, free WIFI), it also has a Nespresso coffee machine and kettle with a selection of teas and Nespresso capsules. Side bathroom, a walk-in shower, a hairdryer, and toiletries (shampoo, sh"	"The House is in a quiet street in the heart of Paris between the Opera, the department stores, Montmartre and the Louvre. It is decorated in a contemporary style, mixing brick, wood and metal and is located 3 minutes from the metro. This double room of 20 sqm is located in a quiet street in the center of Paris, opposite the famous music hall ""Folies Bergère"", between the ""Opera"", Department Stores, Montmartre and the Covered Passages leading to the Palace Royal and the Louvre. It is located in a charming triplex Parisian nineteenth century building offering 3 air conditioned bedrooms. The decor of the loft room is contemporary, it combines with taste the wood, brick and metal. It is ideal for travelers seeking privacy, tranquility, comfort The room has a shower room and private toilet. Breakfast is included: Nespresso capsules, tea, chocolate, jam, orange juice Bio, bread, pastries ... The House is also equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, utensils necessary for a meal. It also off"
6414	En quelques minutes de marches, vous irez à l’Opéra Garnier et faire les grands magasins du Boulevard Haussmann, à Pigalle et au Moulin Rouge, à Montmartre et au Sacré Cœur, ou encore boire un verre dans les lieux branché des grands Boulevards et de Bonne Nouvelle. L'appartement donne sur une grande cour claire avec des arbres et de la végétation. Il se compose d'une grande pièce avec une partie salon / salle à manger et une partie chambre ainsi que d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain. Dans la partie salon / salle à manger, vous profiterez d'un large canapé inclinable et convertible en lit supplémentaire. Un tapis moelleux, quelques poufs, une connexion WIFI, la TV par câble et des enceintes audio assurerons vos soirées détentes à la maison. Une grande table vous permettra de prendre vos repas. Dans la partie chambre, un lit confortable (matelas 26 cm) vous attend, ainsi que des rangements pour vos affaires. Le linge de lit vous sera fourni. La cuisine donne sur les toits de Paris et 	        L'appartement est spacieux et confortable. Il se trouve dans un immeuble calme et bien entretenu, idéalement situé dans un quartier animé au centre de Paris.       En quelques minutes de marches, vous irez à l’Opéra Garnier et faire les grands magasins du Boulevard Haussmann, à Pigalle et au Moulin Rouge, à Montmartre et au Sacré Cœur, ou encore boire un verre dans les lieux branché des grands Boulevards et de Bonne Nouvelle. L'appartement donne sur une grande cour claire avec des arbres et de la végétation. Il se compose d'une grande pièce avec une partie salon / salle à manger et une partie chambre ainsi que d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain. Dans la partie salon / salle à manger, vous profiterez d'un large canapé inclinable et convertible en lit supplémentaire. Un tapis moelleux, quelques poufs, une connexion WIFI, la TV par câble et des enceintes audio assurerons vos soirées détentes à la maison. Une grande table vous permettra de prendre vos repas. Dans la partie chambr
6415	- Very charming flat. South oriented.  - Beautiful living room 50m2 (540 ft2) with a skylight, big sound system with 2 large speakers & TV (large screen) - Terrace 17m2 (183 ft2), magic view on the Sacré Coeur Basilic, Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse Tower, Invalides Coupole... 2 long deck chairs & table/chairs & barbecue. - 1 parental room with an open bathroom /bathtub & shower - 1 very nice room for a baby with all commodities (bed & changing table) -  1 long balcony through the living room to the bathroom of the parental room.  - Open big kitchen with all commodities (fridge, oven, cooker, micro waves...) - Wifi access.	Superb flat in Montmartre / South Pigalle  with an amazing terrace view 360 on Paris roofs (Sacré coeur, Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse Tower, Invalides coupole...).  Big living room with a long balcony 101 m2 (1090 ft2)
6416	The building was previously an hotel, the studio is on the 5th floor via elevator. It is clear with a nice view from the balcony. Fully renovated in 2014 it provides all the modern conveniences This studio apartment is furnished by a comfortable sofa convertible in 2 people bed. The open kitchen is equipped with : microwave, vitro ceramic, fridge, freezer, Italian coffee maker, toaster, kettle and all kitchen utensils. The small bathroom comprises a shower, a wash hand basin, WC. A built-in wall closet in the entrance, including a washing machine. There also is a TV, internet connection and a phone (calls to Europe, Canada and USA as long as directed to Home Numbers, not cell phones).  Smokers are unwelcome.	Located in very central part of Paris very close upmarket department stores Galleries Lafayette and Printemps, bakeries butchers and supermarkets and excellent food shopping. Fully renovated in 2014, sofa convertible, open equipped kitchen, bathroom. The building was previously an hotel, the studio is on the 5th floor via elevator. It is clear with a nice view from the balcony. Fully renovated in 2014 it provides all the modern conveniences This studio apartment is furnished by a comfortable sofa convertible in 2 people bed. The open kitchen is equipped with : microwave, vitro ceramic, fridge, freezer, Italian coffee maker, toaster, kettle and all kitchen utensils. The small bathroom comprises a shower, a wash hand basin, WC. A built-in wall closet in the entrance, including a washing machine. There also is a TV, internet connection and a phone (calls to Europe, Canada and USA as long as directed to Home Numbers, not cell phones).  Smokers are unwelcome. Our reception team will check i
6417	métro Anvers,rue Condorcet	métro Anvers,rue Condorcet
6418	Our apt has 5 meters of bay windows which makes the living room very luminous. High quality Italian and Scandinavian furnitures, no ikea items, English quality grey-blue paint.  After a long day, you can (email hidden) while listening music with a BOSE sound system, automatically and wirelessly connected to any of your Apple devices.  The kitchen has a Nespresso coffee machine. We provide everything, from food and wine to towels or even toothbrush soap and shampoo so you don't have to worry about your diner if you're arriving late. The high quality mattress is from February 2013, very comfortable. The appartment is always extra clean.   	"DISTRICT: ST GEORGES / PIGALLE / RUE DES MARTYRS Hello! Our comfortable & bright one bedroom apartment is located  in the 9th arrondissement (which is a hip and family-friendly neighborhood) a street across from the very trendy Rue des Martyrs where a lot of the people from creative industries live. Montmartre and Opera are both at 10 minutes walk  Lying between the 9th and 18th districts, the rue des Martyrs is one of the coolest streets of shops and cafés to be found between Opera and Montmartre. Linking the Eglise Notre Dame de Lorette and Sacré Coeur, despite the years it has kept its old-fashioned charm with its traditional shops, many typical Parisian cafés, lively bars, cabarets and its historical concert hall, ""Le Divan du Monde."" All the extravagant charm and colour of the 9th district concentrated in a single street! The size of the apt is 40 m2 (430 sq foot) and the feeling of space is enlarged by the open kitchen, not so common on typical parisian buildings. The appartement"
6419	Charming Parisian flat in central Paris (9th arrondissement) for up to 4 guests. Located in a very hip place, between Montmartre, rue des Martyrs & rue de Paradis. The flat is located in the 3rd floor with lift (lots of light) of a Haussmann style flat (19th century). The street is very calm, so no worries about noise for smooth Parisian night dreams. The flat was recently renovated by an interior designer: -1 bedroom (2 persons) with lots of space for clothes -1 fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher, induction fire, big fridge & freezer, espresso machine, kettle, toaster, dishes, wine-glasses, plates, lots of accessories, spices…) -1 Jacuzzi style bathroom (art-deco style bathtub) -1 big living room (big dining table, 42” flat TV, international TV channels, sofa-bed for 2 persons -160 cm when transformed in bed ) All useful products for the bathroom are provided (shampoo, shower gel) as well as towels and hairdryer. There is high-speed WiFi (fibre optic), DVD & Blu-ray p	Modern Parisian flat with full comfort in one of the best areas of Paris. This flat, fully renovated by an interior designer is perfect for up to 4 guests. Walking distance to Montmartre, Opéra, Gare du Nord. Charming Parisian flat in central Paris (9th arrondissement) for up to 4 guests. Located in a very hip place, between Montmartre, rue des Martyrs & rue de Paradis. The flat is located in the 3rd floor with lift (lots of light) of a Haussmann style flat (19th century). The street is very calm, so no worries about noise for smooth Parisian night dreams. The flat was recently renovated by an interior designer: -1 bedroom (2 persons) with lots of space for clothes -1 fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher, induction fire, big fridge & freezer, espresso machine, kettle, toaster, dishes, wine-glasses, plates, lots of accessories, spices…) -1 Jacuzzi style bathroom (art-deco style bathtub) -1 big living room (big dining table, 42” flat TV, international TV channels, sofa-bed
6420		2 pièces tout confort , cuisine équipé 5eme étage ascenseur.
6421	Apartment in a Haussmanian building on the 9th with digicode and secure entrance is 5 min walking from Sacre Coeur, Abesses, Mouilan Rouge and Pigalle.   The area is full of lovely design shops and restaurants and close to Rue De Martyrs.  Quite a lovely and lively neighborhood.  Direct using the metro to Concorde, Notre Dame et St Germain de Paris. The apartment has 30 square meters and it is 50 meters away from Avenue Trudaine.  Around the area, you will find numerous restaurants, shops, supermarkets and bars.  There is a lovely bakery in front of the apartment building that sells great bread  (baguette/pain au chocolat/ croissants) for breakfast.  Apartment renovated in April 2014 with great finishing and beautifully decorated. The apartment has an open kitchen, big bathroom and bedroom that fits  2 people (bed of 160cm).  There is also a really comfortable sofa bed to fit an additional person.  The apartment includes: wifi, flat screen TV, DVD, Cable, desk to work if needed (hope n	Great apartment 5 min from Montmatre and in the heart of the 9th,  2 min to Avenue Trudaine and 5 min to Rue de Martyrs.  Situé dans un quartier vivant, à deux pas de du Sacré-Coeur, l'appartement donne un accès direct au centre de Paris Apartment in a Haussmanian building on the 9th with digicode and secure entrance is 5 min walking from Sacre Coeur, Abesses, Mouilan Rouge and Pigalle.   The area is full of lovely design shops and restaurants and close to Rue De Martyrs.  Quite a lovely and lively neighborhood.  Direct using the metro to Concorde, Notre Dame et St Germain de Paris. The apartment has 30 square meters and it is 50 meters away from Avenue Trudaine.  Around the area, you will find numerous restaurants, shops, supermarkets and bars.  There is a lovely bakery in front of the apartment building that sells great bread  (baguette/pain au chocolat/ croissants) for breakfast.  Apartment renovated in April 2014 with great finishing and beautifully decorated. The apartment has an 
6422	Adapté aussi bien pour les longs que pour les cours séjours, cet appartement fonctionnel vous offrira tout le confort souhaité tant en équipement qu'en rangement. Vous disposerez d'un cuisine aménagée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, d'un coin bureau avec accès internet et d'un salon équipé d'un canapé convertible.	Bienvenue à Paris dans ce charmant studio de 20m2 que j'ai aménagé avec soin. Vous y trouverez tout le confort pour passer y un agréable séjour seul ou à deux. Idéalement situé, vous serez proche de toutes vos envies... Adapté aussi bien pour les longs que pour les cours séjours, cet appartement fonctionnel vous offrira tout le confort souhaité tant en équipement qu'en rangement. Vous disposerez d'un cuisine aménagée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, d'un coin bureau avec accès internet et d'un salon équipé d'un canapé convertible. L'appartement est très lumineux, il donne sur une petite cours intérieure, situé au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Les draps et les serviettes vous seront fournis lors de votre séjour afin que vous puissiez voyager plus léger. Je serai relativement joignable lors de votre séjour pour toutes questions par email ou par téléphone. Vous serez immergés dans un quartier très vivant à deux pas des Folies Bergère, du Musée Grevin et proche de l'Opéra Garnier ainsi que d
6423	Very luminous and cosy 40m2. Minute away from Montmartre and rue Lepic in trendy South Pigalle neighborhood with immediate access to supermarkets, subway and buses. SoPi is full alf very trendy restaurants, bars ...	Very luminous and cosy 40m2. Minute away from Montmartre and rue Lepic in trendy South Pigalle neighborhood with immediate access to supermarkets, subway and buses. SoPi is full alf very trendy restaurants, bars ... Live Paris as a Parisian. mail and phone Metro 13,2 and 12 Bus 68 and 74
6424	The finest standard of 55m2 appartment with all amenities you might need (all sort of machines), can welcome up to 6 persons. It is composed of a spacious living room with 2 convertables of 140x200, a king size 160x200 double  bedroom with a nice shower, a fully equiped kitchen (waching machine & dishwasher) and a seperated W.C.	Live something special by experimenting a non common Parisien life style, you will be thrilled by the strategically luxurious flat & building in the exact middle of historical monuments of Madeleine and Opera, and best Theatres of the Capital Olimpya The finest standard of 55m2 appartment with all amenities you might need (all sort of machines), can welcome up to 6 persons. It is composed of a spacious living room with 2 convertables of 140x200, a king size 160x200 double  bedroom with a nice shower, a fully equiped kitchen (waching machine & dishwasher) and a seperated W.C. You will have a nice view of the Opera's dome and Printemps' domes. You will may be have the chance to see peoples getting out from Olympia I will be pleased to help if you have any queries and be waiting for you at the apartment. I will be happy to advise you at any time of your holidays. In our street we have 2 major theatres Olympia and Eduard 7, so in the evening, the street is mostly crowded. During the day it
6425		Un pièce sous les toits de Paris avec une mezzanine, accueillant, et lumineux. Peut très loger deux personnes. Cuisine fonctionnelle et équipée. Profitez de sa proximité du Moulin rouge et de Montmartre! Métro à 50 mètres 
6426	Very nice appartment located in the heart of Paris Montmartre apartment, 2 steps from the Place des Abbesses and Pigalle. You will be immersed in the life of Montmartre, with its bistros, street Abbesses perfect for shopping, the most famous bakeries, and the Sacré Coeur in 5 min walk! It has 2 pieces the typical charm of Montmartre, it contains moldings, a fireplace, hardwood floors and is very bright. 4th floor, the living room facing the street, but the room overlooks the courtyard, so this is very quiet for sleeping. There only one Bedroom, perfect for a couple ! Comfortable, kitchen (small but charming), bathroom with shower, living room and bedroom for 2 people. Bed linen and towels will be provided. Close to shops and public transport (metro Pigalle / Abbesses line 12), and many bus stations Pigalle and the Montmartrobus to visit the hill! I'll leave you alone, but remain reachable if needed! All the Parisian charm is waiting for you!	Very nice appartment located in the heart of Paris Montmartre apartment, 2 steps from the Place des Abbesses and Pigalle. You will be immersed in the life of Montmartre, with its bistros, street Abbesses perfect for shopping, the most famous bakeries, and the Sacré Coeur in 5 min walk! It has 2 pieces the typical charm of Montmartre, it contains moldings, a fireplace, hardwood floors and is very bright. 4th floor, the living room facing the street, but the room overlooks the courtyard, so this is very quiet for sleeping. There only one Bedroom, perfect for a couple ! Comfortable, kitchen (small but charming), bathroom with shower, living room and bedroom for 2 people. Bed linen and towels will be provided. Close to shops and public transport (metro Pigalle / Abbesses line 12), and many bus stations Pigalle and the Montmartrobus to visit the hill! I'll leave you alone, but remain reachable if needed! All the Parisian charm is waiting for you!
6427	L'appartement fait environ 80m². Il est grand, confortable, propre et lumineux (les photos sont trompeuses je vous assure !! ;)  	Il s'agit d'une chambre confortable dans un appart en colocation franco-italienne très sympa. Appartement calme et cosy dans un quartier très vivant. A mi-chemin des grands magasins Haussmann, de la butte Montmartre et de la Place de la République. L'appartement fait environ 80m². Il est grand, confortable, propre et lumineux (les photos sont trompeuses je vous assure !! ;) Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces communes : cuisine, salon, les salles de bain filles et garçons (séparées). Tous les voyageurs parlerons français, anglais et pour certaines italien. Il y a un bon état d'esprit de respect, d'entre-aide et une envie commune de profiter de notre été. Demandez nous des idées de sorties et vous ne le regretterez pas ;) Le quartier est central. Vous pouvez éviter le métro et choisir le vélo : de grands lieux touristiques à moins de 20 minutes !! Les grands magasins Haussmann, la butte Montmartre, la Place de la République... Très bien desservit en transport :  -Métros à 5 minutes à p
6428	Nous vous accueillons avec plaisir dans notre appartement de style refait à neuf il y a trois ans.  Vous y serez au calme tout en logeant en plein cœur de Paris. Notre cuisine tout équipée vous permettra de préparer de bons petits plats que vous aurez plaisir à déguster dans notre belle salle à manger. Notre appartement est idéal pour une famille de 4 personnes, ou 2 couples d'amis avec son grand lit double ( 160X200) et son canapé lit très confortable (140X190) facile d'utilisation. Situé au premier étage et avec ascenseur, notre appartement est très facile d'accès. 	Nous vous accueillons avec plaisir dans notre appartement de style refait à neuf il y a trois ans.  Vous y serez au calme tout en logeant en plein cœur de Paris. Notre cuisine tout équipée vous permettra de préparer de bons petits plats que vous aurez plaisir à déguster dans notre belle salle à manger. Notre appartement est idéal pour une famille de 4 personnes, ou 2 couples d'amis avec son grand lit double ( 160X200) et son canapé lit très confortable (140X190) facile d'utilisation. Situé au premier étage et avec ascenseur, notre appartement est très facile d'accès. Appartement tout équipé: - Lave vaisselle -Machine à laver - Ecran plat - WIFI Nous laisserons à votre disposition, la liste de nos restaurants et bars préférés dans le quartier, le plan des transports, et nos autres bon plans. De part sa localisation très centrale, vous graviterez facilement et le plus souvent à pied vers les principaux monuments de Paris : à pied vous atteindrez en 5 min Pigalle et Montmartre, et en 15 m
6429	Situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le secteur Bonne nouvelle/ rue des petites écuries. Idéal pour une famille avec 2 enfants, jeux& jouets à disposition. Appartement atypique avec belles hauteurs sous plafond, poutres apparentes, belle luminosité. Immeuble donnant sur cour, très calme. Situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Cuisine entièrement équipée (micro-onde, bouilloire, robot mixer, machine à laver le linge, sèche linge, mage vaisselle...).	Appartement atypique en plein coeur de Paris, sous les toits, spacieux, lumineux et calme. Grand séjour/salle à manger, 1 chambre adulte (lit double) et 1 chambre enfants (lits superposés). Grande cuisine entièrement équipée. Situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le secteur Bonne nouvelle/ rue des petites écuries. Idéal pour une famille avec 2 enfants, jeux& jouets à disposition. Appartement atypique avec belles hauteurs sous plafond, poutres apparentes, belle luminosité. Immeuble donnant sur cour, très calme. Situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Cuisine entièrement équipée (micro-onde, bouilloire, robot mixer, machine à laver le linge, sèche linge, mage vaisselle...). Palier privatif avec trottinettes et vélos pour enfants (3-10 ans). Joignable sur portable et par mail, amis présents dans le voisinage Adresse centrale, entre le 2ème, le 9ème et le 10eme arrondissement. Proche Canal St martin et de la rue piétonne Montorgueil avec un marché tous les jours. Nombreux bars et restaurants bran
6430	Studio calme au coeur du 9ème sur une grande cours avec verdures. Idéal pour un couple. Comfortable studio fitted (280ft², first floor) very secure, Ideal for couple, great location for visiting Paris or business. Close to shopping aera, Galeries Lafayette Store, Opéra, Pigalle. Near Metro (80 meter) and RER for airport	Studio de 26m² (1er étage) sur une grande cours calme avec jardin.  Fonctionnel et tout équipé, idéal pour les couples. Idéalement situé au cœur du 9ème, facile d'accès et disposant de nombreux commerces et restaurant à proximité. Studio calme au coeur du 9ème sur une grande cours avec verdures. Idéal pour un couple. Comfortable studio fitted (280ft², first floor) very secure, Ideal for couple, great location for visiting Paris or business. Close to shopping aera, Galeries Lafayette Store, Opéra, Pigalle. Near Metro (80 meter) and RER for airport Wifi, PC, télévision, lecteur dvd, cuisine équipée, salle de bain (serviettes à disposition), draps, étagère de rangement pour les vêtements, sèche-cheveux, fer à repasser Internet, TV/dvd, kitchen full equiment (no coffee maker), bathroom, linens, towels, clothes rack, hair dryer, iron Je vous accueillerait pour votre check in/out. Conseils, bons plans du quartier et carte vous seront fournis. WHAT'S APP, Mail, SMS at anytime. Nombreux commer
6431	Located on the 6th floor with elevator of a Haussmann building, this apartment has been recently refurbished. Each window has a balcony and offers a clear view of the sun the Opera Garnier. Ideal for two people, this apartment has been specially designed for your well being and comfort.	Opéra Garnier Balcony Located on the 6th floor with elevator of a Haussmann building, this apartment has been recently refurbished. Each window has a balcony and offers a clear view of the sun the Opera Garnier. Ideal for two people, this apartment has been specially designed for your well being and comfort. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Transports à proximité Poissonnière M7 53 m Cadet M7 235 m We inform you that we set up a
6432	Old Industrial place, transformed in a quiet and cosy loft/house, in a quiet and treed courtyard. Large and luminous space in groundfloor, plus additional level with 3 bedrooms (One parent bedroom with 160x200 bed), and 2 children/teenagers rooms.	Old Industrial place, transformed in a quiet and cosy loft/house, in a quiet and treed courtyard. Large and luminous space in groundfloor, plus additional level with 3 bedrooms (One parent bedroom with 160x200 bed), and 2 children/teenagers rooms. All the house except basement. we love to be in a quiet and cosy home, while being closed to a strong and rich neighborhoud: Rue des Martyrs is at 5 min walk, Montmartre is at 10, Palais Royal, Louvre, Opera : 3/4 metro stations. and close the 10th area : popular and becoming trendy : rue de Paradis, rue du Fbg Poissonniere. Metro Poissonniere : 2 min walk Train station: Gare du Nord: 10 min walk Plane : Charles de Gaulle: 40 min walk. 7 nights minimum for the rental.
6433	Located in the heart of the 9th district, this beautiful apartment has been decorated with an eye for detail, featuring well chosen art work and contemporary furniture.  On the last floor (with elevator), typical of Haussmannian architecture, with its elegant wooden floor, it comprises a lobby, a bright living room with 2 comfortable sofa beds, a living room with a dining table and chairs, a small but functional open kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets a bedroom whith a double bed. On the second level there is an office with a desk, ideal if you need to get some work done while in Paris, and a bedroom with 2 single beds that can be put together. You will love the rooftops view from the sunny balcony. Its small table accomodates 2 people, ideal for a morning coffe or an evening glass of wine while the sun sets. Being located on the sixth floor, the apartment is very quiet at night. The nearest Metro stations (Blanche and Trinite) are 5 minutes away. Almost every tourist site can be	This modern, fully furnished 2 levels and carefully decorated 90sqm apt with a sunny balcony accomodates up to 4 people in 2 bedrooms. Located in the central rue Blanche,it's close to many tourist attractions and a short distance from Gare du Nord. Located in the heart of the 9th district, this beautiful apartment has been decorated with an eye for detail, featuring well chosen art work and contemporary furniture.  On the last floor (with elevator), typical of Haussmannian architecture, with its elegant wooden floor, it comprises a lobby, a bright living room with 2 comfortable sofa beds, a living room with a dining table and chairs, a small but functional open kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets a bedroom whith a double bed. On the second level there is an office with a desk, ideal if you need to get some work done while in Paris, and a bedroom with 2 single beds that can be put together. You will love the rooftops view from the sunny balcony. Its small table accomodates 2 people
6434	L'appartement offre un salon/salle à manger très spacieux sublimé par des poutres apparentes. Il offre également une grande cuisine à l'américaine moderne et complètement équipé! De plus malgré un quartier très vivant, il est très calme...	"L'appartement offre un salon/salle à manger très spacieux sublimé par des poutres apparentes. Il offre également une grande cuisine à l'américaine moderne et complètement équipé! De plus malgré un quartier très vivant, il est très calme... à tout l'appartement sauf une pièce où je peux mettre mes vêtements. en tant que propriétaire je suis là pour recevoir mes voyageurs et également en prendre congé. facilement joignable , à leur disposition. Le quartier est certainement un des plus recherché de la capitale! ""South Pigalle"" est devenu ""the place to be!"" En effet, proche des théâtres, il est remplit de restaurant plus sympathique les uns que les autres et très tendances. Il est également placé à moins de 5 minutes à pied du mythique quartier de Montmartre et vous apprécierez les balades qu'il vous offre. Métro Saint-Georges L12 Métro Pigalle L12  et nombreux bus . Pour demande de location merci de prévenir 48h minimum avant la date "
6435	Nice comfortable studio, with a sofa bed, full equipement kitchen, microwave, nespresso coffee machine, toaster, iron. confortable bathroom, hair (website hidden), cable, wifi. 	Charming studio, atypical building from the beginning of the XVIIth century. Wifi, tv, cable, full equipment kitchen. one block from the Concorde, church of the Madeleine, the Tuileries gardens, Champs Elysées, American Consulate. Nice comfortable studio, with a sofa bed, full equipement kitchen, microwave, nespresso coffee machine, toaster, iron. confortable bathroom, hair (website hidden), cable, wifi. Best location in Paris, on the faubourg Saint Honoré, where Hermes, Chanel, Prada, Gucci, Dolce Gabanna, Loro Piana, Lanvin stores all on the street. nice restaurants around. one block from the american consulate, and same street as the presider's palace, american, british, japanese embassies. walking distance to all the most import ants monuments and museums of Paris, Louvre, d'Orsay, Tuileries gardens, Champs Elysées, Eiffel tower, Palais Royal, Opera house, Grand Palais etc etc. 4 metro lines, Concorde station and Madeleine station, both one block from the building. several rental b
6436		One bedroom, one big living room, kitchen fully equipped and luminous (4 big windows). Flat entirely just renewed and decorated with french taste. Perfect location at the heart of Paris in South Pigalle (Sopi) district. Quiet and convenient.
6437	One bedroom apartment (40 sq.m) located near Place Saint-Georges, a very lively and traditional area of Paris. 5th floor, very sunny and quiet (bedroom on the backyard). Large double-bed with bathroom ensuite Living room with bar kitchen opening on 2 large windows Fully furnished. Cable TV, Internet broadband. Great area with all facilities nearby, bars, restaurants, etc Walking distance to Opéra (15 min) or Montmartre (10 min) Metro stations: Saint-Georges or Pigalle. 	One bedroom apartment (40 sq.m) located near Place Saint-Georges, a very lively and traditional area of Paris. 5th floor, very sunny and quiet (bedroom on the backyard). Large double-bed with bathroom ensuite Living room with bar kitchen opening on 2 large windows Fully furnished. Cable TV, Internet broadband. Great area with all facilities nearby, bars, restaurants, etc Walking distance to Opéra (15 min) or Montmartre (10 min) Metro stations: Saint-Georges or Pigalle. 
6438	Our charming Parisian apartment has two bedrooms, a total of three distinctive fireplaces, as well as gorgeous decorative moldings and beautiful wall paneling. Hardwood floors and large open windows make a stay in this apartment a quintessentially French experience. The kitchen is fully equipped overlooking a calm and sunny leafy courtyard, and the modern bathroom boasts both a standing shower and separate bathtub.  The apartment is located minutes from public transport, on a small cul-de-sac just off the renowned and foodie rue des Martyrs (called 'the last real street in Paris' by The New York Times, Dining and Wine Section, Nov 2012). The area is also home to many of Paris' most exciting bars and restaurants.   The 9th arrondissement is framed to the north by Montmartre (a quick 5 minutes walk away) as well as by the 2nd and 8th arrondissements in the very center of the city. Essentially nothing is off limits when staying in this very Parisian neighborhood. The Opera House is in the	The Paris Opera House, Galeries Lafayette, Moulin Rouge & historic architecture are just steps away from this wonderful 2 bedroom 1.5 Bathroom Gem. Our charming Parisian apartment has two bedrooms, a total of three distinctive fireplaces, as well as gorgeous decorative moldings and beautiful wall paneling. Hardwood floors and large open windows make a stay in this apartment a quintessentially French experience. The kitchen is fully equipped overlooking a calm and sunny leafy courtyard, and the modern bathroom boasts both a standing shower and separate bathtub.  The apartment is located minutes from public transport, on a small cul-de-sac just off the renowned and foodie rue des Martyrs (called 'the last real street in Paris' by The New York Times, Dining and Wine Section, Nov 2012). The area is also home to many of Paris' most exciting bars and restaurants.   The 9th arrondissement is framed to the north by Montmartre (a quick 5 minutes walk away) as well as by the 2nd and 8th arrondis
6439	Very rare in Paris, this apartment will give you all the space you need after a great day discovering the city	Big and amazing appartement on the heart of Paris, 1min walk from the Opera and the Galeries Lafayette. 2 rooms entirely renovated, well decorated, living room 25m2 / Bedroom / Kitchen / Bathroom & toilets. Le chic parisien ! Very rare in Paris, this apartment will give you all the space you need after a great day discovering the city All rooms are accessible Available by phone anytime if needed You can see the Opera from the living room and walk to the Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, Saint Lazare ! Few minutes walk from several subway : line (phone number hidden), RER A, RER E.
6440	The flat is a 120m2 located in Grands Boulevards, with large and bright rooms. This location offers a private bedroom with its own bathroom.  Grands Boulevards is a famous place to go out for a drink and to enjoy the parisian lifestyle. But the flat is in a quiet street parallel to this big avenue, so you will be able to relax after a busy day. 	Wide bedroom located in a beautiful flat in the heart of Paris.  This bedroom has its own private bathroom and an access to the balcony. Bright and clean, it's the perfect location for a couple who wants to spend romantic holidays in Paris.
6441	Bright and quiet, the apartment is located on 3d floor. It was totally renovated in 2014, and is now very comfortable to offer 2 people a very nice place to stay.	Nice apartment, bright and quiet, fully equipped and very comfortable, near Montmartre, grands magasins and the most famous places of Paris. Come enjoy the real Parisian life in a nice area, well known for its cafés and tiny cute stores! Bright and quiet, the apartment is located on 3d floor. It was totally renovated in 2014, and is now very comfortable to offer 2 people a very nice place to stay. A nice little kitchen includes all you can need to enjoy your meal at home. A separate bathroom/restrooms will preserve your intimacy. Thanks to the large shelves, you'll have some storage to put your clothes during your stay. We live pretty close from the apartment and we would be delighted to help you enjoy your stay with advices and suggests! Very nice area with a lot of small boutique, grocery stores and small shops and cafés that is currently one of the most loved by inhabitants of Paris. Its perfect location will allow you to enjoy major touristic places in Paris (musée du Louvre, OpérD
6442	El Pocket Loft es un estudio de 13m y un mezzanine de un poco menos de 5m	Nice little studio. Sixth floor, secondary stairs without elevator. Single room, wc and separate shower. Futon for lovers of rigid beds. Bed accesible by metal ladder library (requires some agility) and not be afraid of heigh. 
6443	This 1 Bdrm apartment (500 Sq. Ft., Sleeps 4) is on the 3rd American floor with no elevator and overlooks an interior space at the back of the building that has a small neighborhood elementary school. It is simply furnished in a contemporary manner with wood floors. The living room has black marble fireplace, built-in bookcase, a double sofa-bed, a writing desk w/chair, a wicker chairs, and Cable TV. The dining room has a natural wood table and five chairs, and a corner cabinet. Equipment includes Flat Screen Cable TV w/English channels, Stereo, and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. The bedroom is furnished with a double bed. It has a built-in closet and a window over in interior building well. The kitchen is equipped with a two burner gas cook-top, a combo conventional and microwave oven, combination washer/dryer, and refrigerator. The bathroom has a basin, toilet, and a small three quarter size bathtub with wall shower. ARRIVAL & DEPARTURE DETAILS: You must arrive between 10:30 AM and 	This is a typical Paris 1 bedroom apartment in a 1847 building on Rue de Martyrs just below the Montmartre hill. It is located on a wonderful culinary street full if interesting restaurants, bakeries, and gourmet shops. This 1 Bdrm apartment (500 Sq. Ft., Sleeps 4) is on the 3rd American floor with no elevator and overlooks an interior space at the back of the building that has a small neighborhood elementary school. It is simply furnished in a contemporary manner with wood floors. The living room has black marble fireplace, built-in bookcase, a double sofa-bed, a writing desk w/chair, a wicker chairs, and Cable TV. The dining room has a natural wood table and five chairs, and a corner cabinet. Equipment includes Flat Screen Cable TV w/English channels, Stereo, and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. The bedroom is furnished with a double bed. It has a built-in closet and a window over in interior building well. The kitchen is equipped with a two burner gas cook-top, a combo conventional a
6444		This 2-bedroom appartmeent is located near to the shops (Boulevard Hausmann) and the metro stations. It's spacious and offers a beautiful view from the 6th floor of the Sacred heart and the Eiffel tower.I's central and very easy to access.  
6445	"Hi  My flat is in south quatier of Montmatre. Ideal for a romantic trip, my flat is situated in a lovely, lively and safe district APARTMENT:  A 1st floor, one-room-flat in the middle of the 9th district. Which overlooks to a small and very calm garden. Comfy full-sized bed, can be transformed into a single one if you are by your self. The old style parqueted floor and vintage decoration offer a very cozy feeling (""chaleureux"" in french) .  Fully equipped, the kitchen is convenient and able to deliver delicious meals. Both the kitchen and the badroom were remodeled just 1 month ago, and now are in excellent condition. There is a laundry in the bathroom. Wifi Internet access and Cable TV are at your service.  I'll let you use the whole apartment during your stay, with clean sheets and towels. NEIGHBORHOOD:  The house sits in a very convenient quarter, and I can give you my favorite addresses if you want. There're a lot of delicious restaurants, all styles: French, Italian, Turkish, Leba"	"Hi  My flat is in south quatier of Montmatre. Ideal for a romantic trip, my flat is situated in a lovely, lively and safe district APARTMENT:  A 1st floor, one-room-flat in the middle of the 9th district. Which overlooks to a small and very calm garden. Comfy full-sized bed, can be transformed into a single one if you are by your self. The old style parqueted floor and vintage decoration offer a very cozy feeling (""chaleureux"" in french) .  Fully equipped, the kitchen is convenient and able to deliver delicious meals. Both the kitchen and the badroom were remodeled just 1 month ago, and now are in excellent condition. There is a laundry in the bathroom. Wifi Internet access and Cable TV are at your service.  I'll let you use the whole apartment during your stay, with clean sheets and towels. NEIGHBORHOOD:  The house sits in a very convenient quarter, and I can give you my favorite addresses if you want. There're a lot of delicious restaurants, all styles: French, Italian, Turkish, Leba"
6446	"Cosy apartment of 31 square meters very well located in the centre near Montmartre, rue des Martyrs and department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ...) also from Opera/ jardin des tuileries/ louvres=> 20 minutes walking). For 2 or 4 people. Description of the apartment:  -A bedroom with a queen size (for 2).  -A living room with a sofa bed (for 2), a marble fireplace, a period mirror.  -A small kitchen equipped  (fridge, hob,oven, kettle, dishes) -A bathroom with a shower, a sink and toilets.  -Washing machine / Internet / TV  Shops (franxprix crossroads city ... bakeries ...) and transportation near the apartment.  (Metro: Notre Dame de Lorette, line 12, or Pelletier L7. Also Saint Lazare at 5 minutes from the apartment with line (phone number hidden), RER )  The area is really nice and asked for those who do not know. The street ""rue des Martyrs"" 50meters from the apartment is like a little village in the heart of Paris, with many traders kind butcher, fishmonger, cheese, high-"	"Cosy apartment of 31 square meters very well located in the centre near Montmartre, rue des Martyrs and department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ...) also from Opera/ jardin des tuileries/ louvres=> 20 minutes walking). For 2 or 4 people. Description of the apartment:  -A bedroom with a queen size (for 2).  -A living room with a sofa bed (for 2), a marble fireplace, a period mirror.  -A small kitchen equipped  (fridge, hob,oven, kettle, dishes) -A bathroom with a shower, a sink and toilets.  -Washing machine / Internet / TV  Shops (franxprix crossroads city ... bakeries ...) and transportation near the apartment.  (Metro: Notre Dame de Lorette, line 12, or Pelletier L7. Also Saint Lazare at 5 minutes from the apartment with line (phone number hidden), RER )  The area is really nice and asked for those who do not know. The street ""rue des Martyrs"" 50meters from the apartment is like a little village in the heart of Paris, with many traders kind butcher, fishmonger, cheese, high-"
6447	This beautiful flat, decorated with taste, is located in a calm street, south oriented and gives onto a patio: the place is calm and birght all day long.  It has an entrance, a bathroom with a bath to rest, separated toilets, a furnished kitchen with dining space where it's gonna be a pleasure to cook, a living room with a 1 person bed and a cocooning bedroom with a very comfortable bed for 2 people.  The building is safe: an entry code and an intercom.  The flat is located at the 2nd floor.  Sheets & towels are supplied.  We will hand you over the keys at your arrivals, in the apartment. At 3 minute walk you will enjoy the living rue des Martyrs with its many restaurants and cafés, 5 minute walk you will reach Montmartre and its lovely neighbourhood, 7 minutes walk there is Le Moulin Rouge.	Very convenient : 5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, Montmartre, Pigalle and the main subway lines Very comfortable : new equipments, cosy atmosphere, lot of light, trendy neighborhood and quiet building It's the perfect place to discover Paris! This beautiful flat, decorated with taste, is located in a calm street, south oriented and gives onto a patio: the place is calm and birght all day long.  It has an entrance, a bathroom with a bath to rest, separated toilets, a furnished kitchen with dining space where it's gonna be a pleasure to cook, a living room with a 1 person bed and a cocooning bedroom with a very comfortable bed for 2 people.  The building is safe: an entry code and an intercom.  The flat is located at the 2nd floor.  Sheets & towels are supplied.  We will hand you over the keys at your arrivals, in the apartment. At 3 minute walk you will enjoy the living rue des Martyrs with its many restaurants and cafés, 5 minute walk you will reach Montmartre and its lovely neighbou
6448	Our flat is located in a typical parisian area, that makes you live as a parisian. Montmartre is 10 min walking from home. You will be as well near one of the most famous street for food in Paris : rue des martyrs. Let's live like a parisian!  You will have : - 1 bedroom  - 1 baby room (and all equipments you need for your baby) - 1 double living area ( with a sofa bed for 2)	Our home is located on the top floor of a typical  parisian building, it has windows in every room, a large living area (sofa bed for 2 pers)  and a balcony. We have 2 bedrooms, one is for a couple and the other one for a baby.  Our flat is located in a typical parisian area, that makes you live as a parisian. Montmartre is 10 min walking from home. You will be as well near one of the most famous street for food in Paris : rue des martyrs. Let's live like a parisian!  You will have : - 1 bedroom  - 1 baby room (and all equipments you need for your baby) - 1 double living area ( with a sofa bed for 2) You can use everything in the flat !  Make feel like home  by email or phone  Our neighborhood is very quiet, our flat is located in a small street. A lot of food shops and nice restaurants. Our area is definetely trendy and for families! A nice mixt ! 10 minutes walking from Montmartre, 15 min walking from Galeries Lafayette and 20 min walking from the Opera. 3 metro lines : - Ligne 2 : s
6449	The flat can host 4 people in a very confortable way. You will enjoy the balcony with a stunning view on Montmartre chruch, as well as the street vey quiet.	Welcome in my quiet parisian flat in Paris. It is central in Paris, close to every main touristic attraction.  The flat can host until 4 people with 2 bedrooms and 2 toilets, one kitchen and a sunny living room in the 5th floor with lift. The flat can host 4 people in a very confortable way. You will enjoy the balcony with a stunning view on Montmartre chruch, as well as the street vey quiet. Metro poissonniere.
6450	The place is very light, with a South-East exposition. The flat is at the 6th floor but once up, you will enjoy the quiet place after a day visiting and walking! Totally furnished, you will only need to setup home! The kitchen is very practical, with a nice view on Paris' roofs. It has an oven, baking tray, coffee machine and a washing machine for your clothes. In the bathroom, you will find all the necessary items: shampoo and soap, towels, hair-dryer…. The bedroom has a real bed of 160cm, and clean linen will be set before your arrival!	"The place is very light, with a South-East exposition. The flat is at the 6th floor but once up, you will enjoy the quiet place after a day visiting and walking! Totally furnished, you will only need to setup home! The kitchen is very practical, with a nice view on Paris' roofs. It has an oven, baking tray, coffee machine and a washing machine for your clothes. In the bathroom, you will find all the necessary items: shampoo and soap, towels, hair-dryer…. The bedroom has a real bed of 160cm, and clean linen will be set before your arrival! The flat is at the 6th floor but it is the security of a light place and quiet! I will be there to welcome you! The neighborhood is very nice, for walk and discover Paris. A lot of cute restaurants and little shopkeepers are closeby. The street ""Rue des Martyrs"" is very close, it is my favorite in Paris with all the coffees and shops! You are 5 min walk from Montmartre and 10 minutes from Galeries Lafayette and Printemps Haussman! I hope you will enjo"
6451	4è étage sans ascenseur ! Son seul défaut, car extrêmement CALME, LUMINEUX (3 fenêtres) et spacieux (3,2 mètres de hauteur sous plafond), parquet chêne massif. 15 mn à pieds du Sacré Coeur, de l'Opéra,  10 mn à pieds des grands magasins Printemps, Galerie Lafayettes 	4e étage - SANS ASCENSEUR ;-)  Au coeur du 9è, dans le quartier réputé de la Nouvelle Athène, au pieds de Montmartre et à 2 pas de la Place Saint Georges, 50 m2 au calme assuré, sur cour pavée au 4è et dernier étage, plein sud. 4è étage sans ascenseur ! Son seul défaut, car extrêmement CALME, LUMINEUX (3 fenêtres) et spacieux (3,2 mètres de hauteur sous plafond), parquet chêne massif. 15 mn à pieds du Sacré Coeur, de l'Opéra,  10 mn à pieds des grands magasins Printemps, Galerie Lafayettes - wifi - cuisine équipée - lave-vaisselle - lave-linge (étendoir sur courette) - micro-onde - fer et table à repasser - sèche cheveux La chambre est préparée avant votre arrivée, et un set de serviettes de toilette est mis à votre disposition. Anglais courant ;-) Un book des bonnnes adresses du quartier vous attends issu de 5 ans d'expérience de chambre d'hôtes (restaurants, musées, documentation sur Paris et le quartier, itinéraires de promenades à Velib') Bien plus central qu'il n'y paraît. Son his
6452	In the heart of trendy 9th district, this spacious and very cozy place has been recently renovated and is fully furnished. The “Haussman style” building is located in a charming square where famous composer Chopin used to live. The appartment has a lot of light in the morning and a nice view on a quiet and pretty courtyard. This typical traditional Parisian apartment (42m²) is composed of the following: -       An entrance, -       A living room with high ceilings (3 meters), wooden floor, comfortable sofa, armchairs and cinema projector to watch movies, -       A fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave oven, hot plate, kettle etc…), -       A bathroom with a shower, washing machine and hair dryer. Full towels and linens are included. Free wifi access. Ideally located to explore Paris and the beautiful and historic neighbourhood of the appartment: the trendy 9th district with its famous cafés, restaurants, bars and shops, the renowned “Grands magasins” (Galeries Lafayette etc…)	In the heart of trendy 9th district, this spacious and very cozy place has been recently renovated and is fully furnished. The “Haussman style” building is located in a charming square where famous composer Chopin used to live. The appartment has a lot of light in the morning and a nice view on a quiet and pretty courtyard. This typical traditional Parisian apartment (42m²) is composed of the following: -       An entrance, -       A living room with high ceilings (3 meters), wooden floor, comfortable sofa, armchairs and cinema projector to watch movies, -       A fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave oven, hot plate, kettle etc…), -       A bathroom with a shower, washing machine and hair dryer. Full towels and linens are included. Free wifi access. Ideally located to explore Paris and the beautiful and historic neighbourhood of the appartment: the trendy 9th district with its famous cafés, restaurants, bars and shops, the renowned “Grands magasins” (Galeries Lafayette etc…)
6453		Located in a trendy neighborhood Sunny and cosy appartment, 50 m² (540 square feet), on the 5th floor with elevator, with a long balcony Fully equipped kitchen Bedroom with a comfortable double bed Bathroom with bathtub Free wifi internet Proche de la rue des Martyrs (2min à pieds) où vous trouverez tous les commerces de proximité. 15 min à pieds des grands boulevards (Galeries Lafayette...) 15 min à pieds de Montmartre 10 min à pieds de Pigalle Métro : - Ligne 12 (Saint Georges) (direct pour les gare Montparnasse et Saint Lazare) - Ligne 2 (Pigalle) - Ligne 7 (Cadet) (direct gare de l'Est) Plusieurs lignes de Bus à proximité
6454	"Located on the top floor (6th) without elevator of a beautiful building in the quarter called ""SoPi"" (South Pigalle), this 1 bedroom is furnished with taste and simplicity. In our opinion, it is the perfect spot for travelers looking for a stay in Paris without braking the bank ;) The apartment can accommodate maximum 4 people if it is a family with 2 children or 3 adults. It is about 30m2 and you will find inside :  - A bedroom with a real double bed (140x200cm) - An independent living space offering : a sofa which turns into a comfortable bed (160x200cm), a small coffee table, 1 chair, 1 TV stand, 1 TV  and 1 internet box (wifi) and a fully equipped kitchen, 1 high table for your breakfast The bathroom has a corner bath and there is also the toilet and atypical washbasin inside. A complete description of the neighborhood comes below."	"Perfect place for travelers looking for a cheap stay in Paris, this apartment about 30m2 located on the 6th floor without elevator of a building is in the heart of SoPi area (hipster area) and Montmartre district !!! You will fall in love with :) Located on the top floor (6th) without elevator of a beautiful building in the quarter called ""SoPi"" (South Pigalle), this 1 bedroom is furnished with taste and simplicity. In our opinion, it is the perfect spot for travelers looking for a stay in Paris without braking the bank ;) The apartment can accommodate maximum 4 people if it is a family with 2 children or 3 adults. It is about 30m2 and you will find inside :  - A bedroom with a real double bed (140x200cm) - An independent living space offering : a sofa which turns into a comfortable bed (160x200cm), a small coffee table, 1 chair, 1 TV stand, 1 TV  and 1 internet box (wifi) and a fully equipped kitchen, 1 high table for your breakfast The bathroom has a corner bath and there is also the"
6455	Studio idéalement situé au pied de la Butte Montmartre, au métro Pigalle, quartier très animé mais l'appartement est très calme car sur cour. Vu sur le Sacré Coeur	Petit studio pouvant accueillir 4 personnes, 1 couchage 2 places sur mezzanine, 1 couchage 2 places sur canapé d'appoint. Studio idéalement situé au pied de la Butte Montmartre, au métro Pigalle, quartier très animé mais l'appartement est très calme car sur cour. Vu sur le Sacré Coeur A 5mn à pied du Moulin Rouge et 10mn à pied du Sacré Coeur J'accueille les visiteurs en français ou en anglais. Pigalle, quartier très animé, nombreux restaurants, pubs, bars, discothèques. 2 lignes de métro, nombreux bus. Pigalle est idéalement située pour se déplacer dans Paris.
6456	You will live in the city Napoleon first housing estate in Paris. Built between 1849 to 1851 at the request of Louis-Napoleon Bonaparte, this city is composed of four buildings that overlook a large garden with a fountain. The garden is in free access. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor, no lift, under a canopy that distills a dazzling light and unusual atmosphere. The floral stage, you have a small table and two chairs to enjoy breakfast in the morning sun or dine by candlelight. Composed of three rooms with no loss of space, the apartment of 58m ² is ideal for a family with one child in two seperated rooms. In the parent bedroom you have a double bed (160x200) and in the small room a cot (80x120) in which an inflatable bed 140x200 can be added. The sofa bed in the living room, of excellent quality (160x200), allows cohabitation up to 6 adults and a child. The kitchen is equipped with the following:   - A 4-burner gas stove and gas oven,   - Dishwasher 45 cm,   - Kettle 1.5 l, 	In the heart of the bourgeois-bohemian 9th of Paris, not far from Montmartre and Pigalle, two steps from the Trudaine's avenue and Martyrs street. Small 3 room apartment in an atypical historical monument. You will live in the city Napoleon first housing estate in Paris. Built between 1849 to 1851 at the request of Louis-Napoleon Bonaparte, this city is composed of four buildings that overlook a large garden with a fountain. The garden is in free access. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor, no lift, under a canopy that distills a dazzling light and unusual atmosphere. The floral stage, you have a small table and two chairs to enjoy breakfast in the morning sun or dine by candlelight. Composed of three rooms with no loss of space, the apartment of 58m ² is ideal for a family with one child in two seperated rooms. In the parent bedroom you have a double bed (160x200) and in the small room a cot (80x120) in which an inflatable bed 140x200 can be added. The sofa bed in the living roo
6457		Very nice apartment very close to the neighborhood of Montmartre, 5 minutes walking to the famous Sacré Coeur church and the splendid panorama view of Paris. The apartment is a typical Parisian style place with one bedroom, a living room and a bathroom.  Very nice neighborhood close to Montmartre where you will find lot of small shops, good bars and restaurants... Very easy access! Subway lines 2 and 4 just 2 minutes walking From Charles de Gaulle airport and Orly RER B direct to Gare du Nord, then just 5 minutes walking. Very easy access to all the famous monuments of Paris: Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Champs Élysées , Concorde 15/20 minutes August:  450€/week 1600€/ mounth  
6458	Situé en deuxième courette intérieure, à deux pas de la Butte Montmartre, vous pourrez jouir du calme et de la zenitude de cet appartement tout en étant au coeur de paris. In a second courtyard you could enjoy to the calm of the place while be in earth of paris.	Situé en deuxième courette intérieure, à deux pas de la Butte Montmartre, vous pourrez jouir du calme et de la zenitude de cet appartement tout en étant au coeur de paris. In a second courtyard you could enjoy to the calm of the place while be in earth of paris. Grocery stores in the street open all night long and a lots of restaurants and bars.  min walk to Montmartre and 5 min walk to public transports. Bus lines : (phone number hidden). Subway lines : 2/4/12/5 and train lines (Gare du Nord) : B/D/E
6459	Cosy and Cute Studio 21m2 with one bedroom in Montmartre, with Elevator. Located in a charming building in the middle of the « Exciting Paris ». 50 meters from Place des Abbesses and 50 meters from Place Pigalle, this 21m2 apartment on the 6th floor with a view on the Sacré Coeur will give you the opportunity to visit by walking every famous places – Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur, the Moulin Rouge, the Place des Abbesses, the Butte Montmartre and it's only 2 minutes walking. In this dynamic area, you will have a wide selection of visits, animations, restaurants, wine bars, concerts, shows that i will have the pleasure to tell you about at your arrival. Quiet place as it is located on the yard side of the building, the apartment, renovated last january, is fully equipped and the decoration is making it a nice and comfortable cocoon (separated bedroom with a big and  comfy bed, WIFI, vitro ceramic cooking plates, washing machine, iron , oven …) You can use the first food aid kit : coffee, 	Studio 21M2  avec chambre séparée à Montmartre et Ascenceur A 50 mètres de la place de Abbesses et  50 mètres de la place Pigalle. Studio 21m2 with one bedroom in Montmartre, with elevator  Cosy and Cute Studio 21m2 with one bedroom in Montmartre, with Elevator. Located in a charming building in the middle of the « Exciting Paris ». 50 meters from Place des Abbesses and 50 meters from Place Pigalle, this 21m2 apartment on the 6th floor with a view on the Sacré Coeur will give you the opportunity to visit by walking every famous places – Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur, the Moulin Rouge, the Place des Abbesses, the Butte Montmartre and it's only 2 minutes walking. In this dynamic area, you will have a wide selection of visits, animations, restaurants, wine bars, concerts, shows that i will have the pleasure to tell you about at your arrival. Quiet place as it is located on the yard side of the building, the apartment, renovated last january, is fully equipped and the decoration is making it
6460		Superb 60sqm 2-bedroom apt for up to 4 guests, in a private residence rue Ballu near Moulin Rouge, between the Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, with great subway access to the whole city! The apartment is entirely refurbished and fully equipped.
6461	Quiet, exquisitely appointed 2 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom Apartment.  There is a Comfy Queen sized Bed in the Master Bedroom, and two twin sized Bed in the guest bedroom. Additionally, the sofa in the Living Room folds out into a bed.  There is One full bathroom with a bathtub to relax after a long day, as well as one separate WC. This is truly a remarkable, finely decorated and serene space that you will look forward to spending time in while you are in Paris.	Welcome to La Vie Parisienne! Fully renovated 19th Century cinematic gem in the heart of Paris, 10 minutes walking to Chatelet and Montmartre, 6 blocks from the Opera. One block from the 3, 7, 8, 9.subway lines.  A dream.  Quiet, exquisitely appointed 2 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom Apartment.  There is a Comfy Queen sized Bed in the Master Bedroom, and two twin sized Bed in the guest bedroom. Additionally, the sofa in the Living Room folds out into a bed.  There is One full bathroom with a bathtub to relax after a long day, as well as one separate WC. This is truly a remarkable, finely decorated and serene space that you will look forward to spending time in while you are in Paris.
6462		Welcome to Montmartre and 9th district. This artist workshop transformed in a cosy apartment will be perfect to discover Parisian life. 5 minutes walk from Montmartre, Abbesses and Rue des Martyrs. Fully equipped kitchen, TV, internet, computer.  
6463	The 3 charming and luxury guest rooms are located in the heart of Paris between the Butte Montmartre, the big stores, the Paris Opera and the covered passages and galleries leading to the Palais Royal and the Louvre. Ideally situated in the center of Paris near to 3 train stations (Gare de l’Est, Gare du Nord and Gare Saint Lazare) and close to the most beautiful momuments of the capital , that’s here an idyllic place for all visitors who want to discover or rediscover Paris hosted in a private parisian home. Located in an elegant apartment of a typical parisian building that was constructed in 1830, les3chambres are an invitation for many walks, cultural visits and for shopping. Metro and Veli’b stations are located within walking distance.	Luxury and charming B&B located in the center of Paris, between Montmartre and the Louvre via the covered passages, with an private ensuite bathroom and toilets in a contemporary chic atmosphere. The 3 charming and luxury guest rooms are located in the heart of Paris between the Butte Montmartre, the big stores, the Paris Opera and the covered passages and galleries leading to the Palais Royal and the Louvre. Ideally situated in the center of Paris near to 3 train stations (Gare de l’Est, Gare du Nord and Gare Saint Lazare) and close to the most beautiful momuments of the capital , that’s here an idyllic place for all visitors who want to discover or rediscover Paris hosted in a private parisian home. Located in an elegant apartment of a typical parisian building that was constructed in 1830, les3chambres are an invitation for many walks, cultural visits and for shopping. Metro and Veli’b stations are located within walking distance. You will have access to your bedroom with the privat
6464	The house is in a courtyard, so it is very quiet.  The house is 80m2 and has two stairs. Downstairs, the kitchen is fully equiped (except that we don't have a microwave). There's a living room with one table for six, two sofas, and a beautiful fireplace (which can't be used, unfortunately). Upstairs, there are two rooms, and a bathroom with a real bath. One room is very big, there's a piano and a screen with dvd player (but we don't have the tv). The other room is smaller, but there's a bed for two and a desk.  The house is perfect for a family who would like to discover the parisian way of life far from the trafic noise.  The house is just down the Moulin Rouge, and ten minutes far from Pigalle, and the Galeries Lafayette. It's also very close to Montmartre where you can go walking.	Very quiet and charming house with two stairs close to the Moulin Rouge.  Charmante petite maison à un étage à deux pas du Moulin Rouge The house is in a courtyard, so it is very quiet.  The house is 80m2 and has two stairs. Downstairs, the kitchen is fully equiped (except that we don't have a microwave). There's a living room with one table for six, two sofas, and a beautiful fireplace (which can't be used, unfortunately). Upstairs, there are two rooms, and a bathroom with a real bath. One room is very big, there's a piano and a screen with dvd player (but we don't have the tv). The other room is smaller, but there's a bed for two and a desk.  The house is perfect for a family who would like to discover the parisian way of life far from the trafic noise.  The house is just down the Moulin Rouge, and ten minutes far from Pigalle, and the Galeries Lafayette. It's also very close to Montmartre where you can go walking. You'll have access to every room. The only thing we ask is that you d
6465	logement de 48m² avec balcon décoration soignée cuisine équipée	    Lovely flat of 48m² in SoPi (South Pigalle) close to Montmartre, very quiet on the garden side, markets and public transports nearby.    
6466	"3 bedroom apartment, totally refurbished in March 2013, by an interior architect/designer, located in the middle of the famous « rue des Martyrs » in Paris’ 9ème - St Georges district. The ""rue des Marturs"" is even warlmy celebrated and recommended in an article of the ""New York Times"" (copy of the article at the end of this ad or search for ""new york times rue des martyrs"" on the internet to view it in its original format. No pets allowed, thanks for your understanding. The apartment is made up of: - Large main hall - Master bedroom (160 cm x 200 cm bed) with bathroom equiped with shower, sink and WC,  - 2nd bedroom with two 190 cm x 90 cm beds - Third bedroom with one 190 cm x 90 cm bed  - Bathroom with bathtub, sink, WC as well as laundry washing and drying machines - Living room with home cinema - Vast open kitchen over dining room  All bedrooms are very quiet. They have double-glazing windows with view over interior courtyard. The living room and dining room + kitchen have their w"	"Live as a Parisian for a few days in a cozy apartment located in the middle of the ""Rue des Martyrs"" district. 3 bedroom apartment, totally refurbished in March 2013, by an interior architect/designer, located in the middle of the famous « rue des Martyrs » in Paris’ 9ème - St Georges district. The ""rue des Marturs"" is even warlmy celebrated and recommended in an article of the ""New York Times"" (copy of the article at the end of this ad or search for ""new york times rue des martyrs"" on the internet to view it in its original format. No pets allowed, thanks for your understanding. The apartment is made up of: - Large main hall - Master bedroom (160 cm x 200 cm bed) with bathroom equiped with shower, sink and WC,  - 2nd bedroom with two 190 cm x 90 cm beds - Third bedroom with one 190 cm x 90 cm bed  - Bathroom with bathtub, sink, WC as well as laundry washing and drying machines - Living room with home cinema - Vast open kitchen over dining room  All bedrooms are very quiet. They have d"
6467	Beautiful and tastefully decorated apartment (750 sq. ft, 70 m²), situated on the third floor of a typical 19th century Parisian building, right in the middle of Montmartre. Great apartment, at the foot of the Sacre Coeur steps (200 meters). Fun, lively neighborhood with lots of good restaurants and bars, but not too noisy. Lots of shops.  Apartment is spotlessly clean. It has been fully renovated in March 2014. Nice sized living room and 2 bedrooms with comfortable beds, kitchen is basic and has everything you need. Bathroom (shower) is modern, and fully equipped. Toilets are independent and brand new.   The apartment has an entrance, a living room, a kitchen, two bedroom, one bathroom and independent toilets. It is set for 3 persons, and you can accommodate up to 4 persons (with a mobile bed for a child). The sleeping arrangements include one double sized bed (180 x 200 cm), a one-person bed (90 x 200 cm) in the second bedroom, and a folding bed for a child. Decorated in a tasteful s	Beautiful decorated apartment (750 sq.ft, 70 m²), 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, kitchen, bathroom, toilets. Very sunny, fully equipped, super clean, it has been renovated in March 14. A 19th century Parisian building, right in the middle of MONTMARTRE. Beautiful and tastefully decorated apartment (750 sq. ft, 70 m²), situated on the third floor of a typical 19th century Parisian building, right in the middle of Montmartre. Great apartment, at the foot of the Sacre Coeur steps (200 meters). Fun, lively neighborhood with lots of good restaurants and bars, but not too noisy. Lots of shops.  Apartment is spotlessly clean. It has been fully renovated in March 2014. Nice sized living room and 2 bedrooms with comfortable beds, kitchen is basic and has everything you need. Bathroom (shower) is modern, and fully equipped. Toilets are independent and brand new.   The apartment has an entrance, a living room, a kitchen, two bedroom, one bathroom and independent toilets. It is set for 3 persons, and 
6468	Sous les toits, charme des poutres, lumineux.   Spacieux, agréable, 2 chambres séparés.  La chambre parentale a un lit double (160X200) La chambre d'enfants posède 2 petits lits dont 1 lit a barreaux et 1 lit d'enfant.  Possibilité de remplacer par un lit simple(90X200) sur demande uniquement.  Serviettes de bains et draps propres compris. 	"Superb apartment of 55 m2. Located in a quiet area, cClose to shops, 5 minutes from Montmartre and 15 min walk to Galerie Lafayette. Ideal for a couple with children or 3 people. Full equipped. Sous les toits, charme des poutres, lumineux.   Spacieux, agréable, 2 chambres séparés.  La chambre parentale a un lit double (160X200) La chambre d'enfants posède 2 petits lits dont 1 lit a barreaux et 1 lit d'enfant.  Possibilité de remplacer par un lit simple(90X200) sur demande uniquement.  Serviettes de bains et draps propres compris.  Cuisine entièrement (website hidden) avec câble, Wifi, Canal +, Being sport.  Serviettes de bains et draps propres compris. Par téléphone et par Emails.  Si besoin on peut se déplacer sur place.  En plein ""SoPi"", l'emplacement de l'appartement permet d'accéder très facilement à pieds à de nombreux sites parisiens: Montmartre, le Sacré Cœur, quartier des Abbesses, Pigalle, l'Opéra Garnier, les grands magasins (Galerie Lafayette et Printemps), Le Moulin Rouge ."
6469	Accessible bus, métro, RER, accès direct de Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est et Gare Saint Lazare.	Appartement de 80 m2, au premier étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble haussmanien, proche des grands magasins. Entrée, double séjour, 2 chambres, cuisine, salle de bains, WC. 1 lit double, 2 lits simples, 1 canapé. Idéal pour famille avec enfants. Accessible bus, métro, RER, accès direct de Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est et Gare Saint Lazare.
6470		Appartement de charme dans l'ancien, typiquement parisien (parquet, moulures) proche avenue Trudaine, à 5 mn à pied du Sacré Coeur et de Pigalle. Salon sur rue, chambre sur cour calme. Cuisine et SDB avec douchette sont petites mais fonctionnelles
6471		Appartement tout équipé, confortable et chaleureux dans quartier très agréable, proche de Montmartre.
6472	Hey ! We would be pleased to welcome you in our Artist Studio located in Paris city centre.  The apartment is located in  the very safe, romantic and authentic 9th arrondissement (at the foot of Moulin Rouge), and is halfway from Montmartre and Les Galeries Lafayette (5-10minute walks each).  You will appreciate, to get the better beginning for the day, a real genuine french breakfast (Croissant, homemade jam, French bread...) The area is also very well served, with 2 metro stations at 100 meters away from home, and many buses lines. Walking through this area is a real pleasure for Paris lovers… and for the others as well! All facilities needed (grocery shops, bakeries, cash, shopping, restaurants, bars…) are reachable in a no more than 1-minute walk. Numerous fresh products markets are also located in the rue des Martyrs, or rue Cadet. Located in the 5th floor (with elevator), the apartment is an authentic Artist studio, and a floor in parquet from Hungry; it is very clean, calm, ligh	Hey ! We would be pleased to welcome you in our Artist Studio located in Paris city centre.  The apartment is located in  the very safe, romantic and authentic 9th arrondissement (at the foot of Moulin Rouge), and is halfway from Montmartre and Les Galeries Lafayette (5-10minute walks each).  You will appreciate, to get the better beginning for the day, a real genuine french breakfast (Croissant, homemade jam, French bread...) The area is also very well served, with 2 metro stations at 100 meters away from home, and many buses lines. Walking through this area is a real pleasure for Paris lovers… and for the others as well! All facilities needed (grocery shops, bakeries, cash, shopping, restaurants, bars…) are reachable in a no more than 1-minute walk. Numerous fresh products markets are also located in the rue des Martyrs, or rue Cadet. Located in the 5th floor (with elevator), the apartment is an authentic Artist studio, and a floor in parquet from Hungry; it is very clean, calm, ligh
6473	Charming and bright flat in central Paris for a trendy couple. Nice typical parisian flat located in a central and trendy area: 40 square meters for this one bedroom apt. Fully furnished with a very confortable double bed, a large living room, kitchen with all you need, bathroom and a toilets.  The apartment is located in one of the best areas of Paris.  You can experience the perfect French lifestyle with lots of restaurants, bars, trendy shops, delicatessen grocery stores around (I will provide a list of the best ones!), and access to the main touristic places very easily: 10 min walk to Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge, 10 min walk to the Opera and department stores (Printemps & Galeries Lafayette). 20 minutes walk from the very center of Paris.  5 min walk to 3 metro lines (N°2, 12, 7)	Nice typical Parisian 1 bedroom flat located in a central and trendy area.  Close to restaurants and bars, 10 min walk to Montmartre / Moulin Rouge, 10 min walk to the Opera and department stores. 5 min walk to 3 metro lines. Charming and bright flat in central Paris for a trendy couple. Nice typical parisian flat located in a central and trendy area: 40 square meters for this one bedroom apt. Fully furnished with a very confortable double bed, a large living room, kitchen with all you need, bathroom and a toilets.  The apartment is located in one of the best areas of Paris.  You can experience the perfect French lifestyle with lots of restaurants, bars, trendy shops, delicatessen grocery stores around (I will provide a list of the best ones!), and access to the main touristic places very easily: 10 min walk to Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge, 10 min walk to the Opera and department stores (Printemps & Galeries Lafayette). 20 minutes walk from the very center of Paris.  5 min walk to 3
6474	Bien place entre St georges et Blanche	Entre métro st Georges et Blanche. Tout équipé (machine a laver, four, lave vaisselle, télé, internet wifi), agréable et grand, sans vis a vis. Location pour cause de départ en vacances: du 28 juillet 2014 au 15 aout 2014. Bien place entre St georges et Blanche
6475		Single lovely room in a large appartment in center of Paris. Montmartre, Pigalle, Opéra at 5 min walking. Metro access Notre Dame de Lorette: Champs élysées and Eifell tower at 10 min. Popular and residential neighbourhood. Very well located
6476		It's a bright, cozy, clean studio type room with a bed, shower, kitchen corner. Good location. Nice for waking, close to metro. Animated neighborhood in a calm street.
6477	Renovated and fully equiped apartment. One separeted bedroom. 2nd floor of a nice building in a quiet street.  	A lovely renovated and fully equiped apartment of 28m2. Located in a really nice neighbo
6478		Charmant appartement de 30m2 au pied de la butte Montmartre avec un balcon ensoleillé au 5ème étage avec vue sur les toits de Paris
6479	This is our home we live here full time except when we rent to guests, we are not a hotel or a business but we will do our best to accommodate certain needs, the space is very relaxed and minimal  **3 Bedrooms** 2 Large double bedrooms ( 1 ensuite!) 1 good sized single room  1 family bath with bath tub +shower  1 en suite with shower ( in 2nd double bedroom) 2nd w/c in corridor open plan kitchen and living room  balcony overlooking tree lined street  the space is decorated very minimally, but yet still cosy and welcoming. You won't feel like your living in someone else's home with lots of personal belongings everywhere and no space for your own things.	beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom classic Parisian apartment in the very center of Paris. Located on the 5th floor of a grand Haussmannian building with a large sunny balcony, and large floor to ceiling windows throughout.  This is our home we live here full time except when we rent to guests, we are not a hotel or a business but we will do our best to accommodate certain needs, the space is very relaxed and minimal  **3 Bedrooms** 2 Large double bedrooms ( 1 ensuite!) 1 good sized single room  1 family bath with bath tub +shower  1 en suite with shower ( in 2nd double bedroom) 2nd w/c in corridor open plan kitchen and living room  balcony overlooking tree lined street  the space is decorated very minimally, but yet still cosy and welcoming. You won't feel like your living in someone else's home with lots of personal belongings everywhere and no space for your own things. entire home  we are there for any of your needs, we will let you in and explain everything for you, after that the pl
6480	C est un appartement 2 pièces refait à neuf et très lumineux. Il se trouve au 4eme étage d 'un immeuble haussmannien avec digicode. Il se compose d'un salon , cuisine avec verrière, salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparés,  et une chambre avec un lit double. Il se trouve sur cour donc très calme. Tout est à votre disposition pour passer un agréable séjour. L appartement est à votre entière disposition pendant toute la durée du séjour avec draps , serviettes fournis. Il est équipé de 2 tv (dans le salon et dans la chambre),lecteur dvd, internet, lave linge, lave vaisselle, four, machine nespresso, refregirateur, congélateur... Si vous avez des questions, n hésitez pas. Je serai a votre disposition pour toute question ou problème durant votre séjour. C 'est un quartier très branché avec commerces à proximité, restaurants, boîtes de nuits, bars... Quartier très sécurisé proche pigalle et Montmartre  Vous pourrez acceder au logement par la ligne de 12 ou 2 metro Pigalle (1 minute à	Appartement 2 pièces situé au coeur de Paris dans le 9eme arrondissement , situe dans le quartier branche de  Pigalle (proximité Moulin Rouge, Montmarte, folies bergère) C est un appartement 2 pièces refait à neuf et très lumineux. Il se trouve au 4eme étage d 'un immeuble haussmannien avec digicode. Il se compose d'un salon , cuisine avec verrière, salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparés,  et une chambre avec un lit double. Il se trouve sur cour donc très calme. Tout est à votre disposition pour passer un agréable séjour. L appartement est à votre entière disposition pendant toute la durée du séjour avec draps , serviettes fournis. Il est équipé de 2 tv (dans le salon et dans la chambre),lecteur dvd, internet, lave linge, lave vaisselle, four, machine nespresso, refregirateur, congélateur... Si vous avez des questions, n hésitez pas. Je serai a votre disposition pour toute question ou problème durant votre séjour. C 'est un quartier très branché avec commerces à proximité, res
6481	Totalement indépendant, ce pied à terre cosy est très bien placé, avec une superbe vue au calme !	Totalement indépendant, ce pied à terre cosy est très bien placé, avec une superbe vue au calme ! micro-ondes/grill, plaques électrique, frigo, Senseo, bouilloire électrique, évier rond et tout le nécessaire en vaisselle. Coin salon/chambre avec canapé/lit BZ confortable et esthétique, tabourets de bar, commode vide, table basse, meuble tv et tv écran plat avec lecteur dvd (avec chaines SFR BOX). Salle de douche, toilettes, sèche-serviette Les petites boutiques, les commerçants et l'âme d'un quartier calme et vivant à la fois. Tout type de transport collectif dessert mon appartement, et à pied on peut se rendre à de nombreux sites touristiques et moins connus mais tout aussi charmants
6482		Logement très agréable, vue sur la cour St Hilaire (beaucoup de végétation), quartier des Martyrs. Proche métro Notre dame de Lorette et Cadet.
6483	The studio has been recently refurbished and has a new and very comfortable Sofa - bed. A separate kitchen and bathroom. Includes a TV, cable TV and Internet. Located on a 4th floor without elevator.	Ideal for students, comfortable for up to 2 guests. The studio has been recently refurbished and has a new and very comfortable Sofa - bed. A separate kitchen and bathroom. Includes a TV, cable TV and Internet. Located on a 4th floor without elevator. Long term bookings available only for 1 guest. Monthly price 850 Euros + 80Euros cleaning fee. Security Deposit 400 Euros (Long term bookings) The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and forward back to me to speed up your check in process. 
6484	Studio of 23 square metres, ideal spot in the Pigalle neighborhood, on 6th floor with elevator, view on inner yard, very calm and sunny.  There is a concierge. Completely redone in February 2012, a main room with sofa bed, table and chairs, bathroom, fully equpped kitchen with hot plates, refrigerator, microwave, all utensils, with sheets and towels furnished also. Plenty of closets and cupboards, wifi, tv and dvd reader. Ideal location to explore the artistic and romantic part of Paris, 100 metres from the Moulin Rouge and the rue Fontaine where there are theatres and cabarets, 10 minutes from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, and from major department stores for shopping.  Metros nearby : Blanche, Pigalle, place de Clichy. Have a good time in Paris !	Studio of 23 square metres, ideal spot in the Pigalle neighborhood, on 6th floor with elevator, view on inner yard, very calm and sunny.  There is a concierge. Completely redone in February 2012, a main room with sofa bed, table and chairs, bathroom, fully equpped kitchen with hot plates, refrigerator, microwave, all utensils, with sheets and towels furnished also. Plenty of closets and cupboards, wifi, tv and dvd reader. Ideal location to explore the artistic and romantic part of Paris, 100 metres from the Moulin Rouge and the rue Fontaine where there are theatres and cabarets, 10 minutes from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, and from major department stores for shopping.  Metros nearby : Blanche, Pigalle, place de Clichy. Have a good time in Paris !
6485	Hi, Cosy bedroom (13m²) with a large and confortable bed (140cm), in a beautiful apartment located in the heart of Paris : Trinité, 9th district, safe place. The spacious appartement (110m²): 4th floor, with lift, kitchen fully furnished…	Hi, Cosy bedroom (13m²) with a large and confortable bed (140cm), in a beautiful apartment located in the heart of Paris : Trinité, 9th district, safe place. The spacious appartement (110m²): 4th floor, with lift, kitchen fully furnished… Best loca Hi, Cosy bedroom (13m²) with a large and confortable bed (140cm), in a beautiful apartment located in the heart of Paris : Trinité, 9th district, safe place. The spacious appartement (110m²): 4th floor, with lift, kitchen fully furnished…
6486	Bien situé,au cœur du Paris branché pour bien s'amusé. Sur cours on peut bien se reposé. Bon rapport qualité / prix pour Paris  Accès a toutes les commodités et épicerie a disposition dans l'appartement  Vous serez entièrement libres et autonomes. Si besoin , je peux vous apporter toutes les infos ou questions concernant paris ou mon quartier   Bus palladium ,le sans souci , Montmartre  •De Beauvais AirPort : Prendre la navette jusqu'à porte maillot Metro ligne1/direction Vincennes s'arrêter Charles de Gaulle étoile  Ligne 2/ direction porte dauphine s'arrêter a Pigalle  •De Gare du Nord : Prendre ligne 2 direction porte dauphine, s'arrêter a Pigalle  Accès a toutes les commodités et épicerie a disposition dans l'appartement  Vous serez entièrement libres et autonomes. Si besoin , je peux vous apporter toutes les infos ou questions concernant paris ou mon quartier   Bus palladium ,le sans souci , Montmartre  •De Beauvais AirPort : Prendre la navette jusqu'à porte maillot Metro ligne1/d	Petit studio 15m2 confortable et calme  sur cours arboré avec un canapé lit double escamotable . Studio fonctionnel avec toutes commodités. Coin cuisine et petite salle d'eau avec douche wc  Restaurants , bars , commerces ,metro Pigalle ou st Georges  à proximité , Bien situé,au cœur du Paris branché pour bien s'amusé. Sur cours on peut bien se reposé. Bon rapport qualité / prix pour Paris  Accès a toutes les commodités et épicerie a disposition dans l'appartement  Vous serez entièrement libres et autonomes. Si besoin , je peux vous apporter toutes les infos ou questions concernant paris ou mon quartier   Bus palladium ,le sans souci , Montmartre  •De Beauvais AirPort : Prendre la navette jusqu'à porte maillot Metro ligne1/direction Vincennes s'arrêter Charles de Gaulle étoile  Ligne 2/ direction porte dauphine s'arrêter a Pigalle  •De Gare du Nord : Prendre ligne 2 direction porte dauphine, s'arrêter a Pigalle  Accès a toutes les commodités et épicerie a disposition dans l'appartement
6487	Studio contenant un lit pouvant accueillir deux personnes. L'appartement comprend une pièce faisant office de cuisine et une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. L'appartement se situe au 6ème étage sans ascenseur d'un magnifique appartement. Vous aurez à votre disposition tous les éléments dont vous avez besoin pour appréciez votre séjour. 	Nice private 18m² flat for two peoples with a nice view of Paris. You will benefit from your independence (own kitchen and bathroom) while being in 10 minutes walk from the Opera Garnier.
6488	The apartment rental in Paris is located on the 4th floor (with a lift) of a good standing 19th century building. It has an intercom and the access is secured by a digicode. All the windows are double glazed. The apartment is close to many shops (butcher, bakeries, supermarket, theatres etc.) This wonderful, typically French 115 sqm. Paris apartment has 2 bedrooms, a spacious living-room, a nice dining area, a fitted kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. The entrance leads to a spacious corridor. On the left you can reach the kitchen that is fully equipped. The dining room is accessible from the corridor. It is really bright and its windows look onto the courtyard. It has a dining table where 6 people can comfortably sit. You can also access one of the bedrooms from the dining room. In the living-room you will find a comfortable double sofabed, a coffee table and armchairs and a beautiful fireplace (only for decoration). The large, double-glazed French windows look onto the street.	"If you are looking for Paris apartments to rent, this is a delightful, fairly-priced, short-term rental in Paris that is suitable for a maximum of 6 people. Close to the shopping centre Gallerie Lafayette ""and ""Printemps"". The apartment rental in Paris is located on the 4th floor (with a lift) of a good standing 19th century building. It has an intercom and the access is secured by a digicode. All the windows are double glazed. The apartment is close to many shops (butcher, bakeries, supermarket, theatres etc.) This wonderful, typically French 115 sqm. Paris apartment has 2 bedrooms, a spacious living-room, a nice dining area, a fitted kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. The entrance leads to a spacious corridor. On the left you can reach the kitchen that is fully equipped. The dining room is accessible from the corridor. It is really bright and its windows look onto the courtyard. It has a dining table where 6 people can comfortably sit. You can also access one of the bedrooms f"
6489	"Very close to the train, subway and bus station ""Saint-Lazare"" - Very useful to access to the entire city easily."	"Pretty studio for two persons. Very quiet, window overlooking courtyard. Private bathroom, WC and kitchen. By foot: 2mn from Gare Saint Lazare (several metro lines, trains and buses), 5mn Galeries Lafayette, Printemps and Opera Garnier, 10min Pigallle, 15min Montmartre. Perfect place to visit the city !! Very close to the train, subway and bus station ""Saint-Lazare"" - Very useful to access to the entire city easily."
6490	"Our charming home mixes both classical and modern styles: large windows, high ceilings, mouldings, matt oiled parquet all over the apartment except in the master bedroom that preserved its typical herringbone varnished parquet flooring. The apartment is composed of:  - a living room with an extending table, 4 chairs + 1 high chair, a comfortable large wool felt sofa, a cosy wool felt armchair and its footstool... both facing a 32"" flat TV connected to a box including a BluRay player  - adjoining the double exposure living room, an open-plan kitchen with all equipments: a 2-in-1 upmarket convection+microwave oven, a 3 burners induction hob, a fridge and a freezer, a dishwasher...)  - a loft-like bedroom (#2) with a tiny convertible sofa (bedding for kids only)... and, ""upstairs"" on the mezzanine floor (7+ only), a double bed as a lovely alcove  - facing the quiet backyard, another bedroom (#3), with a single bed - a large master bedroom (#1) with an upmarket queen-size bed, a dressing t"	"Bright and welcoming 75m2 apartment, on the 2nd floor with elevator. Very confortable place to live with high ceilings, modern furniture and brand new bathroom & kitchen. Ideal for a couple (upmarket queen-size bed) or for family with 4 rooms. Our charming home mixes both classical and modern styles: large windows, high ceilings, mouldings, matt oiled parquet all over the apartment except in the master bedroom that preserved its typical herringbone varnished parquet flooring. The apartment is composed of:  - a living room with an extending table, 4 chairs + 1 high chair, a comfortable large wool felt sofa, a cosy wool felt armchair and its footstool... both facing a 32"" flat TV connected to a box including a BluRay player  - adjoining the double exposure living room, an open-plan kitchen with all equipments: a 2-in-1 upmarket convection+microwave oven, a 3 burners induction hob, a fridge and a freezer, a dishwasher...)  - a loft-like bedroom (#2) with a tiny convertible sofa (bedding f"
6491	"*** Description of the apartment *** The flat is a beautiful and classic Parisian style apartment (60m2) with high ceilings, traditional mouldings, lovely French ""pointe de Hongrie"" parquet floors, marble Prussian stove. The apartment is calm and well located, all rooms are overlooking the courtyard from the 2nd floor. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms, a living/dining room, a kitchen, a bathroom, separate toilets. There is plenty of closet and drawer storage for guests. The building has a lot of character, it is a Typical 19th century 6-story Parisian building. It is secured with coded entry. Guest's Bedroom Description:  - A brand new & comfortable pull-out sofa bed for 2 persons, by Simmons (140x190) Utilities rooms description: - The kitchen is equipped with all you need, including: oven, microwave, Fridge, Dish Washer, Radio-toaster, coffee maker. - Cute bathroom, with a Bathtub, a washing machine, hair dryer, towels, sheets and linen. - Living room with following equipment: a "	"In a central area, charming Parisian style apartment (60m2), steps off of Montmartre & Opera, in a village-like neighborhood. The apartment is calm and overlooking a courtyard. The neigborhood is really lively and home to many local shops, stylish restaurants and trendy nightlife spots. In this area, you will discover the real exciting parisian life! The guardian:""the latest trendsetting neighbourhood"" We will make you feel at home and would be happy to give you advices! *** Description of the apartment *** The flat is a beautiful and classic Parisian style apartment (60m2) with high ceilings, traditional mouldings, lovely French ""pointe de Hongrie"" parquet floors, marble Prussian stove. The apartment is calm and well located, all rooms are overlooking the courtyard from the 2nd floor. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms, a living/dining room, a kitchen, a bathroom, separate toilets. There is plenty of closet and drawer storage for guests. The building has a lot of character, it is a "
6492	Idéal pour jeunes, artistes et musiciens ! Dans un appartement bohème de 80 m2 situé au troisième étage (avec ascenseur) d’un  joli petit immeuble ancien au pied de Montmartre et dans le quartier branché  de Pigalle, nous vous offrons la jouissance d’une pièce de vie de 30 m2 plein sud rien que pour vous où vous pourrez dormir (matelas 120 confortable posé sur tatamis), vous restaurer, travailler, lire ou rêvasser.  A savoir : si l’appartement très lumineux donne sur le boulevard, ses fenêtres s’ouvrent sur la verdure du terre plein central, véritable coulée verte adoptée par tous les  flâneurs de Barbès à la Place de Clichy. Offre parfaite pour une personne, envisageable à deux à condition de nous prévenir au préalable. 	Vaste chambre de 30 m2 dans salon d'artiste chaleureux plein sud au pied de Montmartre dans un quartier vivant à 2 minutes du métro Pigalle et de tout commerce. Idéal pour jeunes, artistes et musiciens ! Dans un appartement bohème de 80 m2 situé au troisième étage (avec ascenseur) d’un  joli petit immeuble ancien au pied de Montmartre et dans le quartier branché  de Pigalle, nous vous offrons la jouissance d’une pièce de vie de 30 m2 plein sud rien que pour vous où vous pourrez dormir (matelas 120 confortable posé sur tatamis), vous restaurer, travailler, lire ou rêvasser.  A savoir : si l’appartement très lumineux donne sur le boulevard, ses fenêtres s’ouvrent sur la verdure du terre plein central, véritable coulée verte adoptée par tous les  flâneurs de Barbès à la Place de Clichy. Offre parfaite pour une personne, envisageable à deux à condition de nous prévenir au préalable. Ce salon d’artiste est équipé d’une chaine (multi entrées), d’un téléviseur, du wifi, et de tous les livres 
6493		Grand appartement bourgeois parisien loue une chambre équipée d'un lit double. Cuisine et salle de bain à disponibilité ainsi qu'un grand salon.  Aucun bruit, chambres donnant sur une cour intérieure. Calme et luxe.
6494	Deux pièces (35m2) dans un quartier privilégié : nombreuses destinations touristiques à distance à pied... Appartement entièrement refait à neuf : séjour avec cuisine ouverte, chambre avec salle de bain séparée. Quoique l'immeuble soit situé sur une artère passante et commerçante, l'appartement donne sur une petite rue. Les deux fenêtres du séjour constituent une ouverture vers un environnement où se mêlent toutes les tentations, boutiques, restaurants, traiteurs... L'appartement est doté des commodités, telles que la WIFI et un lave-linge. Le voyageur est donc chez lui, dans une situation d'autonomie parfaite. Comme nous sommes voisins, les voyageurs peuvent à la fois vivre dans une totale indépendance et trouver écoute, conseils, suivant leurs besoins. Le quartier est à la charnière entre vie populaire (Saint-Lazare, Grands Magasins) et établissement résidentiel (Madeleine, Concorde, Champs Elysées). En résumé : il y a tout ! Des enseignes les plus prestigieuses aux plus courantes, d	One bedroom apartment (35m2) with an opened kitchen, a bedroom 
6495		"Nice studio (31 m2)  with a cool view on Pigalle,(noisy-funny area), sunny, fourth floor with elevator. Metro and bus are just at the feet of the building. The kitchen need to be refreshed  with paint and there is no air conditionning, that's why I do not charge 60 euros/ night.  There is one bed (140X190 cm), WIFI, you can have bath, the kitchen is separated of the main room. Easy walk to ""Moulin Rouge"" and ""Sacré Coeur"". Très bon plan sur Pigalle, quartier animé jour et nuit. Tarif sympa. Metro Pigalle 2 and 12, Bus 67 (Hôtel de ville-Châtelet) Bus 54  (Gare du Nord) Bus 30 (Trocadero-Tour Eiffel)"
6496		Beautiful apartment with a living room, a kitchenette, a bathroom and a bedroom ideally located 10 minutes from les Grands Magasins, and very central . Vibrant neighbourhood (restaurants , bars, theaters ) . An ideal place to enjoy Paris .
6497	Beautiful Parisian apartment of 80m2 located in one of the main streets of the 8th district of Paris,in the heart of the Golden Triangle (this name has been given to the area because of the high prices of the real estate).  The location of this apartment is ideal and central; everything can be made on foot! You will live 10 minutes walk from the Champs Elysees, the famous department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Printemps), the Opera and 20 minutes walk from the Concorde and the Louvre.  The apartment is on the 1st floor of a Haussmann building (Paris classical architecture of the 19th century), overlooking the courtyards of the building. That's why it is very quiet. This apartment is fully equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels, kitchen utensils, wifi internet, cable tv. The composition of the flat: - Living room / dining room of 30m2 with two large windows, a TV, cable channels, a DVD player, a telephone, a leather sofa bed, two armchairs, a coffee table, a dining table for	Apartment recently renovated and equipped specifically to accommodate up to 5 guests! Typical Parisian building very well located in the center of Paris. You will feel at home very quickly;)  I am at your disposal if you want more information! Beautiful Parisian apartment of 80m2 located in one of the main streets of the 8th district of Paris,in the heart of the Golden Triangle (this name has been given to the area because of the high prices of the real estate).  The location of this apartment is ideal and central; everything can be made on foot! You will live 10 minutes walk from the Champs Elysees, the famous department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Printemps), the Opera and 20 minutes walk from the Concorde and the Louvre.  The apartment is on the 1st floor of a Haussmann building (Paris classical architecture of the 19th century), overlooking the courtyards of the building. That's why it is very quiet. This apartment is fully equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels, kitche
6498	This 30m2 studio has been renovated 1year ago and has everything you need to enjoy your parisian trip. It can welcome easily 2 to 3 people. It's a wonderfull place for a couple searching for a parisian romance. It's a 6th floor appartment with elevator (and two digicode to enter the building) so it's very bright all day long. I offer a nice living room with TV (+câble), Wifi (Optic Fiber) and a Blutooth wireless speaker to listen to your favorite songs. The bed is a brand new Sofa-bed high comfort made to welcome daily long sleepers ! I'll be glade to make space for you to store your clothes and luggages. Sheets and towels are provided.  It's a courtyard appartment located in a very calm area so it's very quiet !   In the bathroom you'll find a bathtub with unlimited hot water, a washing machine, hair dryer & a Smoothing iron.  The kitchen is fully equipped with Vitro Ceramic Plates, Oven, Fridge & Freezer, Coffee Machine (Senseo), tea kettle and everything you'll need to cook and enjo	THE APPARTMENT Hi welcome to my nice, bright and cosy parisian studio located in the best Paris area ! Close to Montmatre & Moulin Rouge ! This 30m2 studio has been renovated 1year ago and has everything you need to enjoy your parisian trip. It can w
6499	Great location where everyting can be done by foot, very spacious and great apartment shared with 3 parisians in their 30's. 	Room to rent in Haussmannian apartment  located in Paris centre, rue de Trevise close to the Folies Bergères theatre. Very nice area, very nice apartment with a large entrance hall, sitting room, and large kitchen. Great location where everyting can be done by foot, very spacious and great apartment shared with 3 parisians in their 30's. Metro Cadet/ Grands boulevards Métro Cadet/ Grands boulevards
6500		2 pièces de 47m2 avec le charme de l'ancien (parquet moulure et cheminée). pas de perte d'espace, l appartement possède de nombreux rangement avec une décoration mixant le moderne et l'ancien.
6501	"This attractive bright apartment is located in the heart of the district of Grand boulevards (9th district) The street is just a step from the famous music hall “Les Folies Bergères”, from the auctions house “Hotel des Ventes Drouot” and the Museum Grévin (wax museum). Stroll on the prestigious Grands Boulevards, borrow the picturesque ""passages couverts"" and join the Opera and the famous department stores Galeries Lafayette, a 10-minute walk away. The apartment is situated on the 6th floor of a building of the 20th century without elevator, but staircases are easy (consider as your daily training) It can accommodate up for 3 people. It is equipped with : a washing machine, a television, an unlimited high-speed Internet access with the WiFi and all the modern comfort. There's a sofa bed suitable for 1 adult or 2 children, and a main bedroom with a double bed. The bathroom is also equipped whith hair dryer and sheets and towels are supplied.  The building is accessible with an access co"	"This attractive bright apartment is located in the heart of the district of Grand boulevards (9th district) The street is just a step from the famous music hall “Les Folies Bergères”, from the auctions house “Hotel des Ventes Drouot” and the Museum Grévin (wax museum). Stroll on the prestigious Grands Boulevards, borrow the picturesque ""passages couverts"" and join the Opera and the famous department stores Galeries Lafayette, a 10-minute walk away. The apartment is situated on the 6th floor of a building of the 20th century without elevator, but staircases are easy (consider as your daily training) It can accommodate up for 3 people. It is equipped with : a washing machine, a television, an unlimited high-speed Internet access with the WiFi and all the modern comfort. There's a sofa bed suitable for 1 adult or 2 children, and a main bedroom with a double bed. The bathroom is also equipped whith hair dryer and sheets and towels are supplied.  The building is accessible with an access co"
6502	In this quiet and bright room , you will enjoy a large bed and a private bathroom. This is a perfect place to come discover the most beautiful city in the world.	In the room, ideally situated in Paris, you will enjoy the big and confortable bed private bathroom
6503	A tout ce qui est possible:  Madeleine,Opéra,Place Vendome,Louvre,Concorde,Tuileries,champs Elysées,etc...... vous pouvez tout faire à pied; En bas de la maison : Printemps et Galeries Lafayette, Galerie Havre et Saint Lazare; Tout à portée de main, Fauchon,Hediard, Monop,Luxe et bas prix :de Hermes,Chanel,Dior à Zara,H&M, C&A  ,Apple :la liste est trop longue..etc;;shopping,restauration,métro,gareSaint Lazare, RER AUBER,15 bus etc... plein centre,jamais à plus de 10 mn Bus direct de CDG airport à Opéra (5mn de la maison) au lieu de 60€ de taxi j'aime recevoir des gens du monde entier et partager les expériences ou aider à découvrir des petites adresses; pour nous le voyage c'est vivre. Opera,Concorde,Tuileries, Marché saint honoré, place vendome, tous les grands Hotels et petits bistrots; je ne bouge pas depuis 30 ans, je découvre encore des endroits cachés.. Metro: Madeleine,Opera,Havre caumartin RER:Auber Gare Saint Lazare Toutes lignes de bus CDG AIRPORT BUS TO opéra ( 5 Mn walking	. A tout ce qui est possible:  Madeleine,Opéra,Place Vendome,Louvre,Concorde,Tuileries,champs Elysées,etc...... vous pouvez tout faire à pied; En bas de la maison : Printemps et Galeries Lafayette, Galerie Havre et Saint Lazare; Tout à portée de main, Fauchon,Hediard, Monop,Luxe et bas prix :de Hermes,Chanel,Dior à Zara,H&M, C&A  ,Apple :la liste est trop longue..etc;;shopping,restauration,métro,gareSaint Lazare, RER AUBER,15 bus etc... plein centre,jamais à plus de 10 mn Bus direct de CDG airport à Opéra (5mn de la maison) au lieu de 60€ de taxi j'aime recevoir des gens du monde entier et partager les expériences ou aider à découvrir des petites adresses; pour nous le voyage c'est vivre. Opera,Concorde,Tuileries, Marché saint honoré, place vendome, tous les grands Hotels et petits bistrots; je ne bouge pas depuis 30 ans, je découvre encore des endroits cachés.. Metro: Madeleine,Opera,Havre caumartin RER:Auber Gare Saint Lazare Toutes lignes de bus CDG AIRPORT BUS TO opéra ( 5 Mn walki
6504	modern studio of 35 m2 located on the ground floor ( quiet and safe ) in the heart of the 9th district , close to shops, the 'Sacré coeur' . Ideal for two people. Many nearby shops (supermarket , bakery, pharmacy ... ) Public transport nearby ( bus and metro). Fitted kitchen ( separate avoids odors in the living room !) - microwave - washing machine dishwashers - hotplate fridge multiple utensil bathroom : Bath closets - cabinet storage spacious living room : bed + bedside tables low - tables -3 cabinets Wardrobes , dining table + chairs Bed linen and towels are provided. Electric heating. Hot water tank Cute apartment , you will feel at home! Possible for short breaks or longer stays. The area where the apartment is located is central , there are bus outside the front door, which you can visit in a few minutes paris ! Soon I hope ! 	This studio is spacious. You will be quiet in front of a small courtyard with flowers. You will feel safe and you will have the pleasure of being in the heart of Paris. The neighborhood is lively and full of charm! Come, you will feel at home!! modern studio of 35 m2 located on the ground floor ( quiet and safe ) in the heart of the 9th district , close to shops, the 'Sacré coeur' . Ideal for two people. Many nearby shops (supermarket , bakery, pharmacy ... ) Public transport nearby ( bus and metro). Fitted kitchen ( separate avoids odors in the living room !) - microwave - washing machine dishwashers - hotplate fridge multiple utensil bathroom : Bath closets - cabinet storage spacious living room : bed + bedside tables low - tables -3 cabinets Wardrobes , dining table + chairs Bed linen and towels are provided. Electric heating. Hot water tank Cute apartment , you will feel at home! Possible for short breaks or longer stays. The area where the apartment is located is central , there a
6505	This was our apartment since a long time, and we have arranged for us. We hope that people will remain in place as in a cocoon.	Charming studio, luminous, having kept the charm of its apparent structure, You will be at the same time in a place soft and charming while benefitting from the one of the most animated districts of Paris. Difficult to better do to discover France. This was our apartment since a long time, and we have arranged for us. We hope that people will remain in place as in a cocoon. You will have access to all the furniture and equipment of the flat. We live in the same building, different apartment, so we are on hand to give any useful advice. We are also happy to take the caffe or aperitif with people who want to discuss. We are served by four metro station (7, 8, 9, 12) and several bus line. you will have no problem to move you with transportation comun or even on foot in the most famous tourist places. We are living in a neighborhood you will find at the foot of the apartment: cafe, bar, restaurant, theater ...
6506	"Charming street 5 minutes walking distance away from the ""Sacré Coeur"", in Montmartre. You can see the Sacré Coeur from the 4 windows. The flat is newly renovated and spacious 56 m2 - 1 bedroom with a comfortable double bed (we can also provide a baby bed if needed) - 1  living room with US kitchen with a large dining table, a flat TV screen and one nice decorative fireplace.  A nice fully equipped kitchen with 4 cooktops, one micro-wave oven, a fridge, a freezer, washing-machine, dish wadher and all the necessary appliances for your meals (coffee machine, toaster, etc.).  1 bathroom with bath - 1 separated WC -  It's perfect for a couple visiting Paris. The neighborhood offers a choice of nice bars and restaurants as well as the full range of traditional French delicacies shops (bakeries, greengrocers, butcher, cheese maker) and convenience stores (hairdresser, pharmacy, bookstore,...). There is free wireless internet, TV with international channels. The subway and bus lines connects "	"Charming street 5 minutes walking distance away from the ""Sacré Coeur"", in Montmartre. Sacré Coeur is wiewed from the 4 windows The flat is newly renovated and spacious 55 m2 - 1 bedroom - 1 living room with US kitchen, and nice decorative fireplace. Charming street 5 minutes walking distance away from the ""Sacré Coeur"", in Montmartre. You can see the Sacré Coeur from the 4 windows. The flat is newly renovated and spacious 56 m2 - 1 bedroom with a comfortable double bed (we can also provide a baby bed if needed) - 1  living room with US kitchen with a large dining table, a flat TV screen and one nice decorative fireplace.  A nice fully equipped kitchen with 4 cooktops, one micro-wave oven, a fridge, a freezer, washing-machine, dish wadher and all the necessary appliances for your meals (coffee machine, toaster, etc.).  1 bathroom with bath - 1 separated WC -  It's perfect for a couple visiting Paris. The neighborhood offers a choice of nice bars and restaurants as well as the full rang"
6507		Près de 2 stations de métro, ce studio est niché dans le quartier hyper vivant et branché de South Pigalle. Agréable et lumineux, il sera idéale pour vos escapades dans notre capitale.
6508	Idéal pour un week-end à Paris !  Ideal for a week-end in Paris !	Idéal pour un week-end à Paris !  Ideal for a week-end in Paris !
6509	Version en FR plus bas. Hello, We are one girl and two boys living in a beautiful 120m2 apartment in the heart of Paris. Our apartment is very spacious and one room has its own privative bathroom. Ideally located close to Montmartre, Pigalle, Canal Saint Martin... Don’t hesitate to contact if you would like to stay by us we will be glad to answer your questions. A bientot Sophie, Lucas, Antoine Ps1 the pictures are self made as we haven't yet taken time to appoint the airbnb photograph ;) Bonjour, Notre appartement de 120m2 a été refait à neuf, il est très lumineux, situé au 5e étage avec ascenseur et muni d’un balcon filant offrant une très belle vue sur Paris. Grandes chambres confortables avec lits doubles, une chambre avec SdB privative; cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec lave-linge et sèche-linge et bien sûr WIFI. Appartement idéalement situé au cœur de Paris, a 100m de l’arrêt Poissonnière sur la ligne 7. Pour plus d’infos n’hésitez pas à nous contacter A bientôt Sophie, Lucas, 	Very luminous Haussmanian flat at the 5th floor with a nice view over Paris and the Eiffel tower. Ideally located to discover Paris by walking or with a velib, both Metro and Velib stations at immediate proximity as well as bars
6510	It's a two bedroom apartment, on the groundfloor. The apartment is completly equipped, the living room is furnished with sofa, TV, the kitchen is fully furnished as well (micro wave, induction hob, washer, dryer, kettle, toaster and all kitchen ustensiles) The bathroom has washbasin, shower, toilets. The first bedroom located on the groundfloor is equipped with two single beds, and can fit 2 kids or two adults, separated sleeps. The second bedroom is located on the 1st floor (mezzanine), reachable by stairs, furnished with a double bed. Looks like a parental suite, overlooking the all condo.  It's a 19th century building. Atypical layout, very interesting clearance. We could imagine a place located on the groundfloor could be a dark and cold place but it is nothing like this in this atypical apartment. Very bright, luminous, warm and cosy ambiance. Soundproofed, in the middle of a quiet courtyard, it offers peace, quiet and transuility. Decorated with fine taste, large living spaces, a	This charming, luminous and atypical 65 square meters apartment, 2 Bedrooms, located on rue de Douai, in the 9th arrondissement, on the groundfloor. The apartment can sleep 4 people. It's a two bedroom apartment, on the groundfloor. The apartment is completly equipped, the living room is furnished with sofa, TV, the kitchen is fully furnished as well (micro wave, induction hob, washer, dryer, kettle, toaster and all kitchen ustensiles) The bathroom has washbasin, shower, toilets. The first bedroom located on the groundfloor is equipped with two single beds, and can fit 2 kids or two adults, separated sleeps. The second bedroom is located on the 1st floor (mezzanine), reachable by stairs, furnished with a double bed. Looks like a parental suite, overlooking the all condo.  It's a 19th century building. Atypical layout, very interesting clearance. We could imagine a place located on the groundfloor could be a dark and cold place but it is nothing like this in this atypical apartment. Ver
6511	Nous vous remercions de loger chez nous et respecter noter appartement comme si c'était le vôtre, en particulier pour les voisins!	En plein de coeur de Paris, proche de l'Opera, ce charmant 2 pièces au 6e étage (sans ascenseur) vous recevra afin de découvrir notre belle capitale. Nous vous remercions de loger chez nous et respecter noter appartement comme si c'était le vôtre, en particulier pour les voisins!
6512	Appartement de deux pièces avec deux salles d'eau, entièrement rénové, situé au 1 étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, donnant sur une cour agréable et arborée. Il est idéal pour deux couples ou une famille. Au carrefour du 9ème et 8ème arrdt de Paris, à quelques minutes à pieds des grands magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayettes) et de tous les transports en communs.	Appartement entièrement rénové, idéal pour deux couples ou en famille. Il est situé au carrefour du 9ème et 8ème arrdt de Paris. A quelques minutes à pieds des grands magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayettes) et de tous les transports en communs. Appartement de deux pièces avec deux salles d'eau, entièrement rénové, situé au 1 étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, donnant sur une cour agréable et arborée. Il est idéal pour deux couples ou une famille. Au carrefour du 9ème et 8ème arrdt de Paris, à quelques minutes à pieds des grands magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayettes) et de tous les transports en communs.
6513	Le studio est central, au niveau de la gare St Lazare. Le studio contient une douche et les toilettes sont sur le palier.	La studette est à seulement 7 mins de la station de métro Saint-Lazare, à 10 mins du quartier Montmartre et à 12 mins du centre commercial Galeries Lafayette.  La studette de 9m2 se situe au 6e sans ascenseur.  Les toilettes sont sur le palier. Le studio est central, au niveau de la gare St Lazare. Le studio contient une douche et les toilettes sont sur le palier. Boulevard Haussmann, Galerie Lafayette, Opéra Garnier, Moulin Rouge, Eglise de la Trinité Vous trouverez des restaurants, des épiceries et des bars juste à côté de l'établissement. Le centre commercial Les Galeries LaFayette se situe à 12 minutes de marche du logement. Le quartier de Montmartre se situe à 10 minutes de marche du logement Transport en commun: Métro:  Station Place de Clichy (ligne 2 et 13), à 2 minutes Station Liège (ligne 13), à 3 minutes Station Saint Lazare (ligne 3, 12, RER E), à 7 minutes Draps, serviettes, shampoing sont fournis.
6514	Situé à quelques mètres de la Place Toudouze/St Georges, ce très bel appartement récemment refait à neuf est l'idéal pour un couple.  Mix parfait entre la vie de quartier de la rue des Martyrs, la carte postale de Montmartre et la vie nocturne et branchée de Pigalle, ce petit nid est très bien desservi par le métro (ligne 12, 2, 7) et de bus.  Calme et lumineux, il a le charme des appartements parisiens avec parquet, cheminée et moulures.  Un lit très confortable ne gâchera rien à votre plaisir.  	Very near from the Moulin Rouge/Montmartre/Rue des Martyrs and ideally situated in a popular area, this beautiful apartment can accommodate up to two persons
6515	un logement familial pour une escapade à Paris Minumum de location 5 jours, moins sur demande exceptionnelle Lit pliant pour bébé Draps et serviettes de bain fournis	3 Bedrooms - double, 2 twin and a cot if needed. Great location. Metro and bus stop one minute away. Some of Paris's main shopping boulevards aswell as two of Paris's main train stations are in easy walking distance.  un logement familial pour une escapade à Paris Minumum de location 5 jours, moins sur demande exceptionnelle Lit pliant pour bébé Draps et serviettes de bain fournis acces total à l'appartement, au troisième étage avec ascenseur Parking voiture possible sur demande la gouaille d'un quartier vivant et animé sa restauration diverse, des magasins variés Supermarchés à 100 metres Metro CADET ligne n°7 se trouve à 30 metres
6516	Cosy 55m2 (592 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris. Very convenient, very bright (3 small balconies, on the 4th floor) and ideally located, 5 minutes walk from Montmartre!    About the apartment     The apartment is very cozy with its wooden floor, the piano, 3 chimneys, 3 small balconies (South orientated).    There is a large Queen Size bed in a spacious bedroom. In the living room, you can find a nice sofa which fits for two people. So overall, the place fits 2 to 4 people.   It is fully furnished with all the modern cons such as Wi-Fi or LAN Internet. The kitchen is fully equipped with washing machine, microwave, dishwasher, fridge & freezer, oven and a gas stove.   All bed linen are provided as well as bath towels.    Very well located in Paris     8 minutes walk from the stairs of Montmartre.  17 minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge.   10 minutes walk and by metro (line 7) to go to the Galeries Lafayette (Chaussée D'Antin (La Fayette)).  18 minutes walk and by metro to go to No	Cosy 55m2 (592 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris. Very convenient, very bright (3 small balconies, on the 4th floor) and ideally located, 5 minutes walk from Montmartre!    About the apartment     The apartment is very cozy with its wooden floor, the piano, 3 chimneys, 3 small balconies (South orientated).    There is a large Queen Size bed in a spacious bedroom. In the living room, you can find a nice sofa which fits for two people. So overall, the place fits 2 to 4 people.   It is fully furnished with all the modern cons such as Wi-Fi or LAN Internet. The kitchen is fully equipped with washing machine, microwave, dishwasher, fridge & freezer, oven and a gas stove.   All bed linen are provided as well as bath towels.    Very well located in Paris     8 minutes walk from the stairs of Montmartre.  17 minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge.   10 minutes walk and by metro (line 7) to go to the Galeries Lafayette (Chaussée D'Antin (La Fayette)).  18 minutes walk and by metro to go to No
6517	Beautiful appartement (70 m²), balcony, 1 room for a couple, 1 room for a baby. It is possible to put an air-bed, supplied, in the room, an excellent new sofa bed in the living room for one more couple.  accommodation facilities : 2 couples and one young child Less than 5 minutes walked to Montmartre (rue des Abesses et rue Le Pic) and Moulin Rouge.  Less than 10 minutes walked to Pigalle, less than 15 minutes walked to St Lazare, the Galleries Lafayettes and 20 minutes to Opéra. 6 station to Champs Elysées (direct by subway, less than 10 minutes). 	"Great appartement (70m²), 2 rooms, balcony, very bright, close to Montmartre, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, St Lazare, Opéra. Less than10 minutes from ""Champs Élysées"" and ""Arc de Triomphe"" by subawy. Many transports (subway lines 2 and 13, bus, taxi...).  Beautiful appartement (70 m²), balcony, 1 room for a couple, 1 room for a baby. It is possible to put an air-bed, supplied, in the room, an excellent new sofa bed in the living room for one more couple.  accommodation facilities : 2 couples and one young child Less than 5 minutes walked to Montmartre (rue des Abesses et rue Le Pic) and Moulin Rouge.  Less than 10 minutes walked to Pigalle, less than 15 minutes walked to St Lazare, the Galleries Lafayettes and 20 minutes to Opéra. 6 station to Champs Elysées (direct by subway, less than 10 minutes). Internet wifi, TV, washing-machine, dish-washer, gas-cooker, refrigerator, Nespresso, micro-wave... We will give you the keys, all explanations, things to do, things to see, good restaurants etc."
6518	Hello! I'm glad to propose you a charming 2 rooms apartment, on the first floor and ideally situated in the heart of the 9th district, in a quiet street and close to all shops, cheese store, bakeries, bars / wine bars and restaurants. The apartment consists of a large lounge with two big windows, an opened  kitchen with bar and highchairs, a beautiful bed room with dressing and bathroom. The lounge: -Comfortable Sofa -TV with international channels -Internet / WiFi -USB plug for your mobile phone -Audio system (air play) -Dining table 4 people with chairs  The fully-equipped kitchen got an oven/microwave, coffee machine and Nespresso, kettle, toaster and ceramic glass cooktop. You will find at your arrival all the necessary for breakfast (tea, coffee, hot chocolate) The Bedroom is on a little courtyard and consist of a double bed and large dressing where you can store all your clothes and suitcase. The linens are provided (sheets, blankets, towels) Board and an iron are also available.	Hello! I'm glad to propose you a charming 2 rooms apartment, on the first floor and ideally situated in the heart of the 9th district, in a quiet street and close to all shops, cheese store, bakeries, bars / wine bars and restaurants. The apartment consists of a large lounge with two big windows, an opened  kitchen with bar and highchairs, a beautiful bed room with dressing and bathroom. The lounge: -Comfortable Sofa -TV with international channels -Internet / WiFi -USB plug for your mobile phone -Audio system (air play) -Dining table 4 people with chairs  The fully-equipped kitchen got an oven/microwave, coffee machine and Nespresso, kettle, toaster and ceramic glass cooktop. You will find at your arrival all the necessary for breakfast (tea, coffee, hot chocolate) The Bedroom is on a little courtyard and consist of a double bed and large dressing where you can store all your clothes and suitcase. The linens are provided (sheets, blankets, towels) Board and an iron are also available.
6519	Bonjour ! Caroline & I are glad to welcome you at our place in Pigalle, one of Paris' most authentic neighbourhood. All our windows looks onto calm & private courtyard, making you feel really quiet in one of Paris' most dynamic places. All the rooms get a bright light, whatever the time in the day.  Our place is fully equiped, (dishwasher, washing machine, coffee machine, wifi, iron...), making you feel at home.  Sadly we only have one double bed, but don't be afraid : it's a king size one.  In our living room you'll find a large flat screen, a decent sound system, stylish sofa and chairs, and 6pax dining table Our 50sqm flat stands between the sacré coeur (5mn walk) and Opera (10mn) It is also located on the direct metro line to Louvre (7), Arc de triomphe (2) and Saint germain (12) Caroline & I lived in Japan, UK, Peru... and are used to travel a lot. We'll provide you the help you need during your visit in Paris (among restaurants, bars, visits...) Please be advised that pets or cig	Enjoy the french way of life at its finest : wooden floor, sunny rooms and good wine Our 50sqm. appartment is located in the vibrating heart of Pigalle, 5mn walk from Sacré-Coeur. Perfect for a romantic stop in Paris 3 metro lines at 5min walk Bonjour ! Caroline & I are glad to welcome you at our place in Pigalle, one of Paris' most authentic neighbourhood. All our windows looks onto calm & private courtyard, making you feel really quiet in one of Paris' most dynamic places. All the rooms get a bright light, whatever the time in the day.  Our place is fully equiped, (dishwasher, washing machine, coffee machine, wifi, iron...), making you feel at home.  Sadly we only have one double bed, but don't be afraid : it's a king size one.  In our living room you'll find a large flat screen, a decent sound system, stylish sofa and chairs, and 6pax dining table Our 50sqm flat stands between the sacré coeur (5mn walk) and Opera (10mn) It is also located on the direct metro line to Louvre (7), Arc 
6520	Chambre lumineuse et spacieuse dans un sublime appartement parisien, immeuble style Napoléon 3, situé Cité de Trévise, en plein coeur du 9ème arrondissement de Paris. Entre Cadet et les Grands Boulevards, à deux pas de la rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis, de Pigalle et de la rue des Martyrs, cet appartement de standing comporte un salon avec piano et 3 chambres spacieuses ornées de moulures. Si vous souhaitez profiter d'une chambre et bénéficier de tout un appartement en colocation, c'est ici. Petit chat trois couleurs possible (négociable en option). 	Chambre lumineuse et spacieuse dans un sublime appartement parisien, immeuble style Napoléon 3, situé Cité de Trévise, en plein coeur du 9ème arrondissement de Paris. Entre Cadet et les Grands Boulevards, à deux pas de la rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis, de Pigalle et de la rue des Martyrs, cet appartement de standing comporte un salon avec piano et 3 chambres spacieuses ornées de moulures. Si vous souhaitez profiter d'une chambre et bénéficier de tout un appartement en colocation, c'est ici. Petit chat trois couleurs possible (négociable en option). 
6521	Central location in Paris. A stone's throw from metro Blanche.  Footsteps from Amelie Poulain's Montmartre, the Moulin-Rouge, as well as from the shopping-friendly rue des Martyrs area. Opposite the trendsetters' favorite bistrot Le Mansart. The flat is on the second floor. It's a large, bright, three-room (60 sq. meter / 650 sq. feet) place. A classic Parisian apartment, from parquet floors to French windows to ceiling mouldings.  Two rooms are (alternatively) for rent. - the red room has a one-person bed. It has been recently refreshed; or - the big room has a large bed. I was born & bred in Paris. I am happy to help you find your way around the city, for tourism, the nightlife, restaurants, shops, and more. LGBT-friendly.	Centrally located, close to Montmartre and the rue des Martyrs lively neighbourhoods, a classic, elegant, typically Parisian flat. Central location in Paris. A stone's throw from metro Blanche.  Footsteps from Amelie Poulain's Montmartre, the Moulin-Rouge, as well as from the shopping-friendly rue des Martyrs area. Opposite the trendsetters' favorite bistrot Le Mansart. The flat is on the second floor. It's a large, bright, three-room (60 sq. meter / 650 sq. feet) place. A classic Parisian apartment, from parquet floors to French windows to ceiling mouldings.  Two rooms are (alternatively) for rent. - the red room has a one-person bed. It has been recently refreshed; or - the big room has a large bed. I was born & bred in Paris. I am happy to help you find your way around the city, for tourism, the nightlife, restaurants, shops, and more. LGBT-friendly. In addition to their bedroom, guests will have access to the bathroom (including a washer/dryer), a kitchen, and if need be a computer
6522	La chambre est située sur cour et donc très clame. L'appartement est vaste et très bien décoré de façon moderne. La rue est très commerçante et quasiment sans voiture.	Une grande chambre avec salle de bains et toilettes privatives dans un très bel appartement haussmannien à PARIS Centre. 10 minutes à pied de l'Opéra, Montmartre, le Louvre dans quartier Grands Boulevards. Commerces, théâtres, restaurants, bars... La chambre est située sur cour et donc très clame. L'appartement est vaste et très bien décoré de façon moderne. La rue est très commerçante et quasiment sans voiture. Tout notre plaisir est de recevoir des hôtes et de faire connaissance avec eux. Nous leur donnerons toutes nos adresses pour les restaurants, les bars, les sorties. C'est le quartier des théâtres, des cinémas, des bars et des restaurants. Il est à 10 à 15 minutes des principaux spots parisiens: Opéra, Grands Magasins, Montmartre, Montorgueil, le Louvre,... Et à 20 minutes du Marais, le tout à pied. Desservi par 4 lignes de métro différentes à proximité immédiate: 7, 8, 9 et 12 et par des lignes de bus. Le RER est à 10 minutes.
6523	Très central, 10 minutes à pieds de la gare du nord. Beaucoup de soleil dans la salle et la chambre disponible. Voisinage calme (pas de bruit des rues), mais central (beaucoup de bars et restaurants accessible à pied).	Très central, près de la gare du nord. deux colocs (homme/femme de 30ans), parfait pour passer l'été à Paris et vivre une expérience française. Grande salle de séjour. Je vais arriver de prendre la chambre pour Erasmus, mais il est disponible avant.
6524	""" Charming Studio in Center Paris "" is located in the heart of Paris, in a few minute   walking distance from: the Opéra of Paris, the big department stores Galeries Lafayette and Printemps and the Sacré-Coeur of Montmartre. This is a charming studio fully equipped and very comfortable. You will get a Queen size bed with brand new mattresses, a sofa bed convertible to a real bed, free internet access, land phone line , cable tv,  kitchenette (fully equipped in home appliances). Surrounded by three subway stations, bus lines, and trains, that can fastly take you to the international exhibitions shows, whether in Villepinte or Porte de Versailles. Easy access on transportation. You will have a warm and friendly welcome by the host herself, who takes personally good care of her guests. I will provide you with all information you might need about the district. Your stay will be pleasant and memorable! "	""" Charming Studio in Center Paris "" is located in the heart of Paris, in a few minute   walking distance from: the Opéra of Paris, the big department stores Galeries Lafayette and Printemps and the Sacré-Coeur of Montmartre. This is a charming studio fully equipped and very comfortable. You will get a Queen size bed with brand new mattresses, a sofa bed convertible to a real bed, free internet access, land phone line , cable tv,  kitchenette (fully equipped in home appliances). Surrounded by three subway stations, bus lines, and trains, that can fastly take you to the international exhibitions shows, whether in Villepinte or Porte de Versailles. Easy access on transportation. You will have a warm and friendly welcome by the host herself, who takes personally good care of her guests. I will provide you with all information you might need about the district. Your stay will be pleasant and memorable! "
6525		Hi I rent my studio, it is 18m2, kitchen corner, a sofà-bed,wordrobe, one table with two chairs and a  bathroom with services and shower. It has internet and it is at the fifth floor of a building without lift. It is 5 minutes walk to Operà. You can have access to the study in total privacy respecting the place as it is the place where I live. What makes it nice is the district where the study is that despite being located on the Grand Boulevards and then on the main road in a five minute walk brings the Opéra and galleries la Fayette, the apartment is located in a smaller road surrounded Hotel and therefore very safe, with restaurants of all cultures and people very wealthy. At night you sleep well without any noise. Nearest tube and are spaced Bonne Nouvelle and Grand Boulevards, both located on lines 8 and 9. Both lines carry some of the most important places to visit in the city: Madeleine, Opera, Place Vendome, Trocadéro (Eiffel Tower), République. But in reality, thanks to the ex
6526	mon appartement est très personnalisé 	Appt 50m2, clair et agréable. Quartier très sympathique (à 2 min de la rue des Martyrs, à proximité de Montmartre, non loin des grands Boulevards), bien desservi par les transports (métro Anvers, Notre Dame de Lorette, Cadet,bus,vélib)
6527	100m2 Flat,  2nd floor with lift 2 double beds (one king size)  1 single bed  Possibility for 2 extra single matress Equipped kitchen  (fridge, microwave, electric hub, oven, rice cooker, toaster, ...)  TV, free wi-fi, washing machine, ironing table, hair dryer.	Près de la Rue des Martyrs où l'on trouve de nombreux commerces et restaurants, notre appartement familial comprend 3 chambres (2 avec un lit double et 1 avec un lit simple), 2 salles de bains, 1 cuisine, 1 salon. Il donne sur une cour calme. 100m2 Flat,  2nd floor with lift 2 double beds (one king size)  1 single bed  Possibility for 2 extra single matress Equipped kitchen  (fridge, microwave, electric hub, oven, rice cooker, toaster, ...)  TV, free wi-fi, washing machine, ironing table, hair dryer. Owner or friend will welcome you upon your arrival and explain how to use all facilities.  We speak English, a little bit of Spanish and German Our neighborhood is very centrally located.  2min walk to rue des Martyrs, where you find many  restaurants, food stores ... Our flat is walking distance to many places : 10 min to Montmartre, Folies Bergères, Moulin Rouge, 15 to 20 min to Galeries Lafayette, Opera and Grands Boulevard (Musée Grévin, Chartier ...) 25 min walk to Le Louvre, la Seine
6528		Découvrez ce magnifique appartement au pied des Galeries Lafayettes fraichement rénové. Profitez de tout le confort pour cuisiner, vous reposer et évadez vous dans nos belles rue Parisiennes!
6529	Notre appartement est en duplex, avec une grande cuisine équipée, un séjour et une salle à mangée baignés de lumière, séparé par un bel escalier qui mène aux chambres. 	Bienvenue dans notre appartement, spacieux, très lumineux, sans vis-à-vis et très bien placé: au cœur du 9ème (commerces, Opéra, cinémas, musées...) La vue sur Montmartre, l'église Notre Dame de Lorette et les toits de Paris vous enchantera! Notre appartement est en duplex, avec une grande cuisine équipée, un séjour et une salle à mangée baignés de lumière, séparé par un bel escalier qui mène aux chambres. Le quartier Notre Dame de Lorette est au centre de Paris, la rue des Martyrs, connue pour ses nombreux commerces et restaurants de qualité, est à 15 mètres. Elle mène tout droit vers Montmartre. A moins de 5/10 minutes à pieds: l'Opéra, le Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, la Nouvelle Athènes, les Grands Boulevards. La station de métro Notre-Dame-de-Lorette (ligne 12) est au pied de l'immeuble, la station Le Pelletier (ligne 7) est à 5 minutes à pied. Les bus (phone number hidden) et 42 passent à moins de 100m. Une chambre parentale avec sa salle de bain (douche) Les 3 chambres d'enfants son
6530		Appartement de charme au coeur de Paris :  Quartier Montorgueil-Grand boulevard (10 min Louvre; république). 2-3 pers max. petit 2 pièces, 30 m2. cuisine équipée, machine à laver le linge. Internet wifi.
6531	The apartment is a 133sqm duplex, Rochechouart street. It contains 5 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms. We leave you a bedroom on the 2nd floor with a bathroom (not shared = it's yours) and a separate entrance. The bedroom includes a small fridge, a microwave and hotplates. The bed can be separated in two beds. The bathroom has a whashing machine for your clothes. Going down the stairs you will enjoy the living room and the kitchen (shared).	The flat is close to multiple metro stops and very central. 10mn walk to Sacré-Coeur and 20 to Opera, nearby Gare du Nord (RER B train to airports).  You'll be at a walking distance of many top spots (Louvre, Galeries Lafayette, Arc de Triomphe...). The apartment is a 133sqm duplex, Rochechouart street. It contains 5 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms. We leave you a bedroom on the 2nd floor with a bathroom (not shared = it's yours) and a separate entrance. The bedroom includes a small fridge, a microwave and hotplates. The bed can be separated in two beds. The bathroom has a whashing machine for your clothes. Going down the stairs you will enjoy the living room and the kitchen (shared). You have access to your bedroom through your own entrance (2nd floor) or through the shared entrance on the 1st floor. You have access to the living-room and the kitchen. We are available to help anytime. You will enjoy many restaurants and bars in the area (Rochechouart street, Avenue Trudaine, rue des Martyrs,
6532	Flat beautifully appointed, to curl up and relax in a quiet location, after visiting Paris. With :  - a super big sofa,  - a beautiful and modern kitchen to have breakfast, lunch, or a quiet romantic dinner, - an amazing bathtub and an italian shower, - a calm bedroom, - two zenithal windows,...	Spacious and cosy loft. Great neighborhood. Flat beautifully appointed, to curl up and relax in a quiet location, after visiting Paris. With :  - a super big sofa,  - a beautiful and modern kitchen to have breakfast, lunch, or a quiet romantic dinner, - an amazing bathtub and an italian shower, - a calm bedroom, - two zenithal windows,... The entire flat We will do our best to meet you in person for check in, and to make you feel at home ! Great neighborhood : Bakery, supermarket, delicatessen, cheese merchant, winestore and restaurants directly adjacent (we will live you instructions to explore our favorite spots).  The flat is within walking distance of the Sacre Coeur, le Moulin Rouge, Theaters, la rue des Martyrs, les Grands magasins.... Gare du Nord (connections to CDG & Orly airports): 10 mn by feet. Metro stops (subway) : Anvers /Notre Dame de Lorette/ Poissonnière/Paris. Free parking
6533		Située au 4ème étage sur cour Très lumineux Parquet moulures cheminées  2 larges pièces  Décoration moderne et soignée Cuisine US équipée avec lave linge séchant, lave vaisselle, four avec plaque à induction  Chaises de bar  Salle de bain avec baignoire  Grand placard dans la chambre C'est un quartier animé avec de nombreux commerces de bouche et de bars à la mode Metro Poissonnière
6534	APARTMENT The apartment is 600 square feet (55m²). It is located on the 4th floor (without elevator) in a  Haussmannian-style building, overlooking a large courtyard. There are 2 bedrooms, each with its own bathroom. I put towels at your disposal in both bathrooms. The largest room has a double bed and plenty of storage space. the other one has a single bed. The living room has a beautiful fireplace made of black marble, a large sofa, a glass table and a TV. The floor is hardwood flooring. The kitchen is very functional. Other Facilities: unlimited access to the Internet (wifi), washing machine. LOCATION The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in the 9th district, 300 meters from the Opéra Garnier. A good starting point for exploring the city on foot! You are right next to major department stores like Galeries Lafayette and Printemps. The gardens of Montmartre (Pigalle, Abbesses) and the Louvre are within 15 minutes walk. The public transport network is very dense here: RER A (	The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in a Haussmanian style building, 300 meters from the Opéra. There are 2 bedrooms, each with its own bathroom. In the evening, enjoy the absolute tranquility of this apartment on the inner courtyard. APARTMENT The apartment is 600 square feet (55m²). It is located on the 4th floor (without elevator) in a  Haussmannian-style building, overlooking a large courtyard. There are 2 bedrooms, each with its own bathroom. I put towels at your disposal in both bathrooms. The largest room has a double bed and plenty of storage space. the other one has a single bed. The living room has a beautiful fireplace made of black marble, a large sofa, a glass table and a TV. The floor is hardwood flooring. The kitchen is very functional. Other Facilities: unlimited access to the Internet (wifi), washing machine. LOCATION The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in the 9th district, 300 meters from the Opéra Garnier. A good starting point for exploring t
6535	This renovated studio (mai 2013) 20 M2 (214 square feet). Position with south facing balcony, you will really enjoy the first rays of sun to enjoy your breakfast or your evening meal in the summer. The studio is ideally located in a nice  and safety area (lots of shops and restaurants) and close to Montmartre (limit of the ninth and 18th arrondissement). Metro station Pigalle = 5 minutes by feet Shopping district. Ideal for making your purchases of all kinds (nearby department store Gallerie Lafayette, Printemps ... and boutiques of the Opera). Many restaurants, bars and near Montmartre 5 minutes walk. How to join the apartment : By plane: Airports CDG-Orly-Beauvais by car: exit door clignancourt in Metro: pigalle By Taxi: let you drive. In all cases you will receive a detailed plan and how to come to the studio from any airport.	This renovated studio 20 M2 (214 square feet). Position with south facing balcony, you will really enjoy the first rays of sun to enjoy your breakfast or your evening meal in the summer. The studio is ideally located in a nice  and safety area. This renovated studio (mai 2013) 20 M2 (214 square feet). Position with south facing balcony, you will really enjoy the first rays of sun to enjoy your breakfast or your evening meal in the summer. The studio is ideally located in a nice  and safety area (lots of shops and restaurants) and close to Montmartre (limit of the ninth and 18th arrondissement). Metro station Pigalle = 5 minutes by feet Shopping district. Ideal for making your purchases of all kinds (nearby department store Gallerie Lafayette, Printemps ... and boutiques of the Opera). Many restaurants, bars and near Montmartre 5 minutes walk. How to join the apartment : By plane: Airports CDG-Orly-Beauvais by car: exit door clignancourt in Metro: pigalle By Taxi: let you drive. In all 
6536	Our flat is warm and cosy. You can enjoy our flowered balcony at the 5th floor of the building. The district is full of restaurants, bars and theater.  Impossible to get bored in this area ! You'll be very closed to the lively and typical Montmartre and Pigalle but also les Grands Boulevards (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, etc...) and of course the Opera Garnier. 	"Located rue La Bruyère, in the lively 9th district called ""Sopi"" for South Pigalle, next to the metro Saint-Georges, near Opera, Montmartre and Pigalle. Thanks to the several transport connexions at this place you can easily visit Paris city. Our flat is warm and cosy. You can enjoy our flowered balcony at the 5th floor of the building. The district is full of restaurants, bars and theater.  Impossible to get bored in this area ! You'll be very closed to the lively and typical Montmartre and Pigalle but also les Grands Boulevards (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, etc...) and of course the Opera Garnier.  There are full of transport possibilities around our flat : subway (L2, L7, L12), lots of Bus and bike stations "
6537	Our apartment is a very spacious 55 meters squared (600 ft squared).  There is one main bedroom with a bed that sleeps two people, and in the living room there is another brand new pull out couch that also sleeps two people very easily.  (For added privacy, the the living room can be separated from the rest of the apartment very easily buy shutting the doors to the hallway). The kitchen is equipped with everything you need - french press, espresso machine, gas stove, full size refrigerator, pots, pans..you name it! 	We're Joël and Kalyn & we'd love to welcome you to stay in our spacious & clean apartment.   Moulin Rouge/Montmartre/Abbesses/Pigalle - So much to see within minutes from our doorstep! Our apartment is a very spacious 55 meters squared (600 ft squared).  There is one main bedroom with a bed that sleeps two people, and in the living room there is another brand new pull out couch that also sleeps two people very easily.  (For added privacy, the the living room can be separated from the rest of the apartment very easily buy shutting the doors to the hallway). The kitchen is equipped with everything you need - french press, espresso machine, gas stove, full size refrigerator, pots, pans..you name it! Guests will have access to: -living room (couch, TV, wifi, dining room table) -the office space (comfortable chairs for reading) -the kitchen (full gas stove, microwave, full refrigerator, coffee maker, tea kettle, all cookware, pantry). -the bathroom (shower, toilets, room for toiletries)  -t
6538	Beautiful and Calm appartment in a typical Parisian building.  Very secured building. Ideal for 4 People.  Two bedrooms. Large Bathroom with Bathtub AND shower. Large closets to store clothes.  Wifi.  Silver linings: Wooden Floor, design pieces, unique open kitchen and awesome neighbourhood.	Beautiful and Calm 80sq flat in the 9th arrondissement. 5mn from Pigalle and Montmartre. t  Classic parisian building, wooden floor, design pieces, and full services.  Be my guest! ;) Beautiful and Calm appartment in a typical Parisian building.  Very secured building. Ideal for 4 People.  Two bedrooms. Large Bathroom with Bathtub AND shower. Large closets to store clothes.  Wifi.  Silver linings: Wooden Floor, design pieces, unique open kitchen and awesome neighbourhood. High Speed Wifi Fully equipped kitchen I'm happy to provide lots of tips, nice and trendy restaurants abound in surrounding streets.  I'm assisting my guest as if they were friends, they can contact me during their stay, should they need anything and I'll make sure to help. Trendy. Plenty of restaurants, delis, cafés, design stores down the street.  A couple of minutes away from Montmartre, Pigalle or les Galleries Lafayette. Easy access by metro, bus, train.
6539		Appartement plein de charme situé a deux pas de Montmartre et des grands magasins. Chambre calme sur cour. Séjour exposé plein sud. Salle de bains et cuisine indépendantes.  à deux pas du moulin rouge, montmarte, south pigalle et des grands magasins Métro place de Clichy ligne 2 et 13 Métro Liège ligne 13 Station Vélib' dans la rue
6540	Studio calme, plein de charme, typiquement parisien, situé au coeur d'une rue vivante et commercante. Notre appartement comporte un salon, une vrai salle à manger (avec canapé dépliable), une chambre, une cuisine, et une salle de bain.	Appartement 43m2 avec 1 Chambre, 1 salle a manger avec canapé-lit, 1 salon, 1 cuisine, 1 salle de bain. Appartement calme, lumineux, propre, vue sur les toits. En plein coeur d'un Quartier dynamique et commercant. Facilités de transport : proche des Studio calme, plein de charme, typiquement parisien, situé au coeur d'une rue vivante et commercante. Notre appartement comporte un salon, une vrai salle à manger (avec canapé dépliable), une chambre, une cuisine, et une salle de bain. Les voyageurs auront accés à tous les équipements de l'appartement : wifi, lave linge, TV. Nous serons disponible par téléphone si vous avez la moindre question. Le 9e arrondissement est un quartier vivant, dynamique, jonché de commerces et de restaurants branchés. L'appartement est à la fois prés de Montmatre (10 minutes à pied) et du quartier Opéra (10 minutes également).  4 Bouches de métros à 10 minutes à pied :  - Saint Georges - Cadet - Avers - Notre dame de Lorette na
6541	"PARIS 9th district, 5 minutes walk from the Opera and the department stores and 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower., In a residential area, close to the famous shopping ""Rue des Martyrs' Street with its bars and restaurants . Large fully equipped studio on the 5th floor with elevator in an old building, including a kitchen equipped with washing machine, bathroom with shower, washbasin, WC. Flat screen TV, WIFI internet access, microwave ...., linen is provided (sheets, blankets, linens, towels. Ideal for visiting Paris in love, two (website hidden) SMOKERS"	"PARIS 9th district, 5 minutes walk from the Opera and the department stores and 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower., In a residential area, close to the famous shopping ""Rue des Martyrs' Street with its bars and restaurants . Large fully equipped studio on the 5th floor with elevator in an old building, including a kitchen equipped with washing machine, bathroom with shower, washbasin, WC. Flat screen TV, WIFI internet access, microwave ...., linen is provided (sheets, blankets, linens, towels. Ideal for visiting Paris in love, two (website hidden) SMOKERS"
6542	This atypical apartment has a cozy feeling with its wooden beams, its loft bedroom and eclectic yet comfortable furniture. You’ll feel at home right away and savor your stay in the City of Lights. 	Charming rooftop apartment! Great for spending time with friends, with your loved one or even with the kids. Living room and two spacious bedrooms. A home away from home where you can take advantage of the marvels of Paris. This atypical apartment has a cozy feeling with its wooden beams, its loft bedroom and eclectic yet comfortable furniture. You’ll feel at home right away and savor your stay in the City of Lights.  From the apartment, at the bottom of Montmartre hill, you can visit much of Paris on foot. After walking 20 minutes, you can admire the Mona Lisa at the Louvre or see some modern art at the Pompidou Center. Various public transportation possibilities are nearby: subway line 5 which connects to lines 2, 7, 8, 9 and 12; and numerous busses allow you to discover the city day and night.   More often than not, I won’t be around. However, someone will meet you upon your arrival. We will agree on your arrival time together.  The main advantage of my neighborhood is its location.
6543	This beautiful apartment is located in the heart of the 9th arrondissement of Paris (at the border of the 18th district), one of the trendiest districts of Paris. The building I live in - named “Marie-Louise” - (XIXth century style - completely rebuilt in 2004 - protected access - elevator - 6 apartments, one by floor - very friendly neighbors!) is located in a very chic and exclusive “private residential area” (close by a gate) - called “Cité Malesherbes”. It’s a wonderful, safe (protected access and concierge) and very quiet place. The apartment is spacious - 110 m2, 3 BDR-, modern, comfortable and bright (high ceilings, 4 huge windows in total in the living room overlooking the Cité Malesherbes), with wood floors everywhere. - Kitchen, fully equipped: fridge/freezer, dishwasher, oven, micro-wave, expresso machine…  - Living room/Dining room with vintage furniture, Ipod station, a large bookcase and a nice wooden dining table for six.  - Bathroom - separated from the toilets - equipp	This is my home.  Please, respect the place and keep it as clean as possible.  I'll help you with the directions to come    
6544	This apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a building without elevator. The access is secured with a door code. The apartment is bright. The master bedroom overlooks a courtyard, the second bedroom gives on a quiet street. Layout This 57 sqm apartment has been recently renovated. Very bright, comfortable, it can accommodate up to four people. It consists of two separate bedrooms, a living room with open kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilet. The living / dining room is accessible from the lobby. It is equipped with a comfortable sofa and a coffee table. This table can be modulated to become a dining table for four people (four chairs are at your disposal). To watch cable TV or DVDs, you will enjoy a king size television on the wall, but you can also watch a good movie comfortably installed in the couch if you use the video projector and the giant screen (in front of the library). A piano is also at your disposal. The kitchen features modern equipments, it is open to the living roo	Contemporary, luminous, this 57 sqm 2-bedroom apartment located in the trendy SoPi (South Pigalle) area is comfortable, tastefully furnished, featuring nothing but high quality equipments !  This apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a building without elevator. The access is secured with a door code. The apartment is bright. The master bedroom overlooks a courtyard, the second bedroom gives on a quiet street. Layout This 57 sqm apartment has been recently renovated. Very bright, comfortable, it can accommodate up to four people. It consists of two separate bedrooms, a living room with open kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilet. The living / dining room is accessible from the lobby. It is equipped with a comfortable sofa and a coffee table. This table can be modulated to become a dining table for four people (four chairs are at your disposal). To watch cable TV or DVDs, you will enjoy a king size television on the wall, but you can also watch a good movie comfortably installed in 
6545	Loft fully renovated 2 years ago, under the roof  (with exposed beams) consequently quiet and bright in the lively 9th area. And with 5 balconies garden view. 6th floor with elevator (till the 5th). There are 4 bedrooms:  - 1 with double bed and shower room (master suite)  - 1 with one single bed downstair and 1 single bed on the mezzanine (child's bedroom)  - 1 with one bed  - 1 with a double sofa bed A huge lounge and living room with very high ceilings (sofas and table for 6-8) The bathroom has a large bath, a washer and a dryer.	Top floor under the roof (garden view = quiet!) 4 rooms very comfortable family apartment at the heart of Trudaine/Montmatre area and close to many transport interchanges (metro, bus and train stations) Loft fully renovated 2 years ago, under the roof  (with exposed beams) consequently quiet and bright in the lively 9th area. And with 5 balconies garden view. 6th floor with elevator (till the 5th). There are 4 bedrooms:  - 1 with double bed and shower room (master suite)  - 1 with one single bed downstair and 1 single bed on the mezzanine (child's bedroom)  - 1 with one bed  - 1 with a double sofa bed A huge lounge and living room with very high ceilings (sofas and table for 6-8) The bathroom has a large bath, a washer and a dryer. Apartment fully furnished with WIFI access. Trudaine area and more globaly the 9th (the trendy area!) offer a taste of the real Paris: with many restaurants, cocktails bars, gastronomic bistrots, concert halls... and close to touristic site like Opera (by fo
6546	The space is a nice ground floor with a very pretty little courtyard where you can have beakfast or barbecue. The falt is in the middle of a very nice co-ownership in the heart of montmarte, with a lovely large flowery courtyard.	A 2 bedrooms in Montmartre, one with double bed and one with a single one. A single bed in the living is also avaible. The space is a nice ground floor with a very pretty little courtyard where you can have beakfast or barbecue. The falt is in the middle of a very nice co-ownership in the heart of montmarte, with a lovely large flowery courtyard. My guess have access to all rooms, a big kitchen with all that is needed such as a pro oven, a dish washer. The bathroom is large, with a big bathtub and a brand new washing machine. The living is nice, one can listen to my private collection of vinyl albums. I interact with my guests only is they want or need to. The most important thing is their well being. If they feel to, i can introduce them to the area, show us the neighborhood, make them discover the good agress for lunch, shoping, etc. I'm fond of my area, and know Paris pretty well. I  would be very happy to give advice. I speak a good english.  The neighborhood is very well know, it 
6547	In the heart of Paris, near to the Opera and department stores, top floor apartment  with elevator, bright and charming with wooden beams, rooftop view. Large living-room with sofa bed, TV, wifi.  Separated bedroom with king-size bed and wardrobe. Bathroom with bath tub. Fully equipped kitchen including dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, fridge and freezer. A weekly 2 hours  professional housekeeping work is included in the price.	Heart of Paris, Opera & dept stores, top floor bright & charming with beams, rooftop view. Elevator, large living-room & sofa bed, TV, wifi.  Bedroom king-size bed & wardrobe. Bathroom with bath tub. Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher washing machine In the heart of Paris, near to the Opera and department stores, top floor apartment  with elevator, bright and charming with wooden beams, rooftop view. Large living-room with sofa bed, TV, wifi.  Separated bedroom with king-size bed and wardrobe. Bathroom with bath tub. Fully equipped kitchen including dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, fridge and freezer. A weekly 2 hours  professional housekeeping work is included in the price. Direct transfer from Roissy Airport to Opera with Roissybus (less than 1 hour). Many metro stations in the area (Chaussée d'Antin Lafayette, Havre Caumartin, Trinité) and RER stops (Auber, Haussmann Saint Lazarre). Saint Lazarre station at 10min walk. Located in the heart of Paris in the Opera district
6548	Located in Paris best district, beautiful view on Effel Tower and Paris.	Charming Room, with beautiful view on Paris, in 100m2 Flat on the bottom of Montmartre and near Pigalle. If you want to enjoy Paris, it is the place to be. Idealy located at 30 sec from tube station. Located in Paris best district, beautiful view on Effel Tower and Paris. One room in 3 rooms apartement, Access to Kitchen, living room and Bathroom. Red district, Montmartre Tube station at 30 sec to the flat (Place de Clichy) During the summer, one room is available in  Best opportunities to meet Paris and Parisian people.
6549	All rooms oversee a very quiet patio while you can walk to busy shopping and nightlife areas in 5 minutes!	In Paris for a week-end or a few days? Stay downtown close to shops and restaurants in the heart of Grands Boulevards! 2 rooms plus a comfortable sofa in the living room can host 4 in this cosy and quiet appartment on 5th floor with 70 sq.m. All rooms oversee a very quiet patio while you can walk to busy shopping and nightlife areas in 5 minutes! Internet, tv, separated kitchen with dish machine Great restaurants down the street, a large choice of theatres (incl. famous Folies Bergeres just accross), many pubs and clubs (Pigalle 15 minutes), and shopping (Galeries Lafayette 15 minutes) Metro 7 Cadet Metros 8-9 Grands Boulevards
6550	"In the heart of Paris'night life, enjoy a large, quiet private room and bathroom in our great apartment,  free access to our kitchen with dining area and to our living room with balcony. You will enjoy the sunny views to the horizon over the parisian rooftops,on the sixth floor above ground (with elevator to the fith floor) of our 19th century stone building in one of the most round-the-clock lively neighbourhoods in Paris, with a great number of cafés and restaurants, theatres and night clubs, historical ""passages"" and shopping areas. 15 minutes walk south to the Seine river, west to the Opera, North to Montmartre, we also have several major bus and metro lines (7,8,9,3 and 12) that will take you anywhere in the city within about 20 minutes. Our closest metro station : ""Grands Boulevards"". My husband is a journalist, I am an architect and we will be pleased to welcome you and give you some tips to discover our wonderful City and country.  The private room can accomodate 2 people (we c"	"In the heart of Paris'night life, enjoy a large, quiet private room and bathroom in our great apartment,  free access to our kitchen with dining area and to our living room with balcony. You will enjoy the sunny views to the horizon over the parisian rooftops,on the sixth floor above ground (with elevator to the fith floor) of our 19th century stone building in one of the most round-the-clock lively neighbourhoods in Paris, with a great number of cafés and restaurants, theatres and night clubs, historical ""passages"" and shopping areas. 15 minutes walk south to the Seine river, west to the Opera, North to Montmartre, we also have several major bus and metro lines (7,8,9,3 and 12) that will take you anywhere in the city within about 20 minutes. Our closest metro station : ""Grands Boulevards"". My husband is a journalist, I am an architect and we will be pleased to welcome you and give you some tips to discover our wonderful City and country.  The private room can accomodate 2 people (we c"
6551		Come discover Paris in this charming architect flat. 55m2  Central Paris - Grands boulevards, Opéra area. Walking distance from Paris main areas. Try a real Parisian experience - charming inside and outside. Enjoy ! Anna & Arnault
6552	Le logement offre la proximité de toutes commodités: magasin au pied de l'immeuble, banques, transports, restaurants. Il est situé à 3 min du métro. 	Dans un immeuble récent, gardien, ascenseur Un appartement  Au premier étage, composé: Entrée, Séjour, Chambre, Cuisine, Salle de Bains, Wc, Balconet Quartier animé, banques et cinéma Commerces (carrefour au pied de l'immeuble), boutiques. Le logement offre la proximité de toutes commodités: magasin au pied de l'immeuble, banques, transports, restaurants. Il est situé à 3 min du métro. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'appartement tout équipé.
6553	Welcome to the 5th floor of a traditional Parisian 19th century building !  The apartment has an antique woodenfloor, two marble fire places with giant mirrors and typically decorated ceilings. You will experience the traditionnal French way of life but with all modern amenities !  When spring comes, you will also enjoy having breakfast for two on the balcony over looking the parisians roofs ! No elevator but great balcony !!! It's worth the extra effort :)  The bedroom is sundrenched straight in the morning and you get access directly to the balcony from the large windows. It has a study area with a little desk and a wireless Internet access. In the bedroom you will find : - a dressing to put your clothes  - a queen size bed  - a typical Parisian marble fire place  - a set of speakers to plug your iPod Enter the bathroom and you will instantly feel on holidays. It has a large italian style shower with turquoise blue mosaic tiles and a beautiful teck wooden floor. The bathroom has also	Welcome to this lovely typical Parisian appartment with wooden floor, fire places and decorated ceilings, with a long balcony facing south. The little paved street is quiet and you will enjoy being only 40 meters from the metro to visit Paris !  Welcome to the 5th floor of a traditional Parisian 19th century building !  The apartment has an antique woodenfloor, two marble fire places with giant mirrors and typically decorated ceilings. You will experience the traditionnal French way of life but with all modern amenities !  When spring comes, you will also enjoy having breakfast for two on the balcony over looking the parisians roofs ! No elevator but great balcony !!! It's worth the extra effort :)  The bedroom is sundrenched straight in the morning and you get access directly to the balcony from the large windows. It has a study area with a little desk and a wireless Internet access. In the bedroom you will find : - a dressing to put your clothes  - a queen size bed  - a typical Paris
6554	Situated in 2 steps of  Cadet subway ( L.7) and the theaters, in a building giving onto clean and pleasant yard.  Quiet and secure environment. Apartment situated in the 2nd floor without elevator. The kitchen is completely equipped. ( Washing machine, gas cooker, refrigerator) In the stay, the sofa is convertible to welcome other travelers (120/190cm) The bedroom is silent, the apartment being equipped with double-glazed windows.  The bathroom is endowed with a mirror, of one toilets and of a bathtub. (Towels and supplied hairdryers). A room office is accessible with diverse arrangements. The heating is central. Non-smoking apartment, not accepted animals.	Magnificent apartment of 58 m2 situated right in the heart of Paris in 9th district Cadet subway ( L.7). Situated in a quiet district, close to any businesses, in 5 minutes on foot Grand boulevards and in 15 minutes on foot Montmartre. Situated in 2 steps of  Cadet subway ( L.7) and the theaters, in a building giving onto clean and pleasant yard.  Quiet and secure environment. Apartment situated in the 2nd floor without elevator. The kitchen is completely equipped. ( Washing machine, gas cooker, refrigerator) In the stay, the sofa is convertible to welcome other travelers (120/190cm) The bedroom is silent, the apartment being equipped with double-glazed windows.  The bathroom is endowed with a mirror, of one toilets and of a bathtub. (Towels and supplied hairdryers). A room office is accessible with diverse arrangements. The heating is central. Non-smoking apartment, not accepted animals. The travelers will have access to all the apartment.  They will have access to the WiFi and to the
6555	Très bel appartement, lumineux et calme, situé idéalement dans Paris. Tout proche du moulin Rouge (1min à pied) et de Montmartre (10min à pied). Ascenseur dans l'immeuble bien que l'appartement ne soit qu'au 2ième étage. Nice, bright and cosy apartment, in a very good location in Paris. Only 1min walking from the Moulin Rouge and 10min from Montmartre. Elevator in the building even if the appartment is at the 2nd floor. Wi-Fi gratuit, draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. La machine à laver est également à votre disposition. Free Wi-Fi, sheets and towels provided. You can also use the washer. Le quartier est très agréable, à la fois animé et familial.  Beaucoup de commerces (supermarchés, magasins de musique, mode), salles de concert, bars (Glass, Sans Souci, Le Mansart) et restaurants. This is a very nice neighborhood, both lively and family environment.  Lots of shops (supermarkets, music, fashion), concert venues, bars (Glass, Sans Souci, Le Mansart) and restaurants. Vous pouvez 	Quiet flat with a very spacious room, ideal for a couple, in a great area. Very central, easy to go anywhere in Paris in less than 30mn. Please, send a message if you have any question, I'll be quick to answer! Très bel appartement, lumineux et calme, situé idéalement dans Paris. Tout proche du moulin Rouge (1min à pied) et de Montmartre (10min à pied). Ascenseur dans l'immeuble bien que l'appartement ne soit qu'au 2ième étage. Nice, bright and cosy apartment, in a very good location in Paris. Only 1min walking from the Moulin Rouge and 10min from Montmartre. Elevator in the building even if the appartment is at the 2nd floor. Wi-Fi gratuit, draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. La machine à laver est également à votre disposition. Free Wi-Fi, sheets and towels provided. You can also use the washer. Le quartier est très agréable, à la fois animé et familial.  Beaucoup de commerces (supermarchés, magasins de musique, mode), salles de concert, bars (Glass, Sans Souci, Le Mansart) et r
6556	It's a typical and original Parisian apartment, with 3-4 little sunny rooms. It's been entirely renovated last year and thus combines the charm of the old and the convenience of the new	It's a typical and original Parisian apartment, with 3-4 little sunny rooms. It's been entirely renovated last year and thus combines the charm of the old and the convenience of the new I live in this apartment so I will leave whatever you need to feel at home: internet of course, my collection of vinyls, DVD; some wine too, pastas etc. Feel free to use it, even if there are tones of shops literally downstairs. I work close by and have family/friends living near the place. So I'll be able to help you out if you need anything.  I chose the apartment for the neighborhood. The location is really perfect, in a semi-pedestrian shopping street, 10 mns by foot to the Grands Magasins & Opéra, 3 mns from the lively Grands Boulevards, only 15mns from Montorgueil and the Louvre (by foot). If you're lazy you can of course take one of the 4 metro lines next to the apartment (line 7, 8, 9, 12) which will transport you anywhere in Paris From train stations: - Gare du Nord: 15 mns by foot or with the 
6557	Grand Duplex sous les toits de Paris - 6ème étage avec ascenseur - très lumineux exposé plein sud.  Situé dans un quartier animé, proche de tous commerces, nombreux bars et restaurants dans le quartier.  2 balcons avec vue sur toits de Paris et tour Eiffel. Accès à Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est en 10mn à pieds. 5mn du métro Cadet. Cuisine américaine toute (website hidden), internet, wifi. 	Grand Duplex sous les toits de Paris - 6ème étage avec ascenseur - très lumineux exposé plein sud.  Situé dans un quartier animé, proche de tous commerces, nombreux bars et restaurants dans le quartier.  2 balcons avec vue sur toits de Paris et tour Eiffel. Accès à Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est en 10mn à pieds. 5mn du métro Cadet. Cuisine américaine toute (website hidden), internet, wifi. disponible pour toutes questions par téléphone durant la durée du séjour :) Bons plans, sorties, expos, commodités, transports... Quartier très animé, nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. Gare du Nord - Gare de l'est à 10mn à pied Métro Cadet et Poissonières à 5mn
6558	This apartment of 63 square meters (678 square feet) is situated in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, Condorcet district, Near the Grands boulevards (Galeries Lafayette and the Printemps) and Montmartre. At the 3rd French floor of a quality building, very bright with high clearance. Completely renovated one year ago with a fireplace and moldings, it is composed of one living room (It can be closed and become a bed room), one dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom and one separated kitchen totally equipped (the fireplace is not usable). It accommodates for 4 people, the decoration is looked after, a mix between luxury and design, a warm atmosphere. The closest metro is Poissonniere. 	Apartment fully renovated by architect in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, very central, a perfect place for a leisure or business trip. This apartment of 63 square meters (678 square feet) is situated in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, Condorcet district, Near the Grands boulevards (Galeries Lafayette and the Printemps) and Montmartre. At the 3rd French floor of a quality building, very bright with high clearance. Completely renovated one year ago with a fireplace and moldings, it is composed of one living room (It can be closed and become a bed room), one dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom and one separated kitchen totally equipped (the fireplace is not usable). It accommodates for 4 people, the decoration is looked after, a mix between luxury and design, a warm atmosphere. The closest metro is Poissonniere. - Wifi unlimited - International TV channels  - Stereo  - Washing machine - Sheets and towels I am at your disposition in any problem throughout your stay This district is v
6559	A beautiful and comfortable spot to visit Paris	In a gorgeous area, family apartment,all amenities. Fully equipped kitchen, TV, free WIFI, WIIU available for children and even Netflix. Huge living room, very quiet.  Near Opera, Montmartre. Plenty of exceptional food shops around. Mimimum 3 nights. A beautiful and comfortable spot to visit Paris Free Wifi, Cable TV, free parking lot, Wii U and video games for children.. Emergency numner always avalilable for any trouble and AirBNB concierge to help One of the loveliest area of Paris, tipical Parisian neigbourhood, 5 boulangeries-patisseries around, a supermarket downstairs open 7-22, many restaurants, plenty of food shops... Sacre coeur and Montmartre are 10 mn walk, Opera 10 mn. Next street is the famous and lively Rue des Martyrs. Metro Anvers, Saint-George and Cadet (5 mn walk) Bus (phone number hidden) Velib' (City bikes) station downstairs
6560	"The studio ""Grands Boulevards"" is in a great touristic area of Paris. The building has an elevator. In the 03 rue de la Grange Bateliere au 9eme neighborhood. One block from the metro station ""Grands Boulevards"" line 8 and 9 of the subway ( 3 min walk). It is just 750 meters away ( 10min walk ) from another studio i also rent from airbnb. In the studio you have a bathroom, wc toilette, open fully equipped kitchen, a balcony, cable TV, telephone (with free and unlimited calls to fix numbers in Brazil, all France, Europe, Chine, India, Canada, The U.S., Australie, Afrique du Sud, Argentine, Israel, Turkey, Island, New Zeland, among many other countries already included in the rent), high speed internet connection , Wi-Fi, laundry machine and dryer, sheets and towels provided. The sofa-bed is size 140x200cm. two separated sheets and blankets provided The neighbohood includes restaurantes, postoffice, bakery, bookstore, art gallery, velib (bike rental), public parking, supermarkets and oth"	"The studio ""Grands Boulevards"" is in a great touristic area of Paris. The building has an elevator. In the 03 rue de la Grange Bateliere au 9eme neighborhood. One block from the metro station ""Grands Boulevards"" line 8 and 9 of the subway ( 3 min walk). It is just 750 meters away ( 10min walk ) from another studio i also rent from airbnb. In the studio you have a bathroom, wc toilette, open fully equipped kitchen, a balcony, cable TV, telephone (with free and unlimited calls to fix numbers in Brazil, all France, Europe, Chine, India, Canada, The U.S., Australie, Afrique du Sud, Argentine, Israel, Turkey, Island, New Zeland, among many other countries already included in the rent), high speed internet connection , Wi-Fi, laundry machine and dryer, sheets and towels provided. The sofa-bed is size 140x200cm. two separated sheets and blankets provided The neighbohood includes restaurantes, postoffice, bakery, bookstore, art gallery, velib (bike rental), public parking, supermarkets and oth"
6561	appartamento con soffitto alto,luminoso e silenzioso,2 divani letto matrimoniali divisibili da una porta scorrevole,1 bagno con 2 ingressi,una cucina attrezzata. 	appartamento con soffitto  alto, luminoso e silenzioso con 2 divani letto matrimoniali, divisibile da una portascorrevole ,cucina, bagno,market e garage sotto casa, vicinissimo alla metropolitana  Trinite' , dietro alla Gallerie la Fayette, Opera.  appartamento con soffitto alto,luminoso e silenzioso,2 divani letto matrimoniali divisibili da una porta scorrevole,1 bagno con 2 ingressi,una cucina attrezzata. quartiere dei teatri,  vicino a la Gallerie la Fayette,  zona  molto vivace con ristoranti, supermercato e parcheggio sotto casa, metropolitana Trinite' a cinque minuti a piedi da casa. metro Trinite' a cinque minuti da casa massimo 4 persone
6562		Cet appartement modeste, atypique est un lieu calme, chaleureux dans le quartier au bas de la Butte Montmartre, la nouvelle Athènes, au centre de Paris. Charmante terrasse fleurie, salle de bain avec baignoire, chambre d'enfant, capacités: 1-5pers.
6563	Hello, We offer you a nice apartment centrally located between Louvres ( 5 metro stations) and Montmartre ( 5 min walk),  Champs Elysees ( 15 min by metro), Notre-Dame / Latin Quarter ( 15 min by metro) and Eiffel Tower ( 20 min) Easy access from LONDON EUROSTAR, walking distance from GARE du NORD. - Large 1 room apartment up to 5 persons, with separated kitchen, bathroom, toilet - 35 m² / 400 sqf - 2nd floor - large and easy staris - no elevator - Queen size comfortable double bed ( Murphy type) - Mattress 15 cm - 3 comfortable single sofa beds - Mattress 13 cm - Large and fully equipped kitchen - Bathroom + separate toilet - Métro station ANVERS line 2, 2 minutes walk or Cadet line 7, 5 min walk - COMPUTER with free internet access  in the apartment - bed linen and towels provided - Brand new hair-dryer The neighborhood is lively,  very secure, full of shops, cafés and restaurants.  All comfort is included, international cable TV,  fully equipped kitchen, towels and linen provided. L	Hello, We offer you a nice apartment centrally located between Louvres ( 5 metro stations) and Montmartre ( 5 min walk),  Champs Elysees ( 15 min by metro), Notre-Dame / Latin Quarter ( 15 min by metro) and Eiffel Tower ( 20 min) Easy access from LONDON EUROSTAR, walking distance from GARE du NORD. - Large 1 room apartment up to 5 persons, with separated kitchen, bathroom, toilet - 35 m² / 400 sqf - 2nd floor - large and easy staris - no elevator - Queen size comfortable double bed ( Murphy type) - Mattress 15 cm - 3 comfortable single sofa beds - Mattress 13 cm - Large and fully equipped kitchen - Bathroom + separate toilet - Métro station ANVERS line 2, 2 minutes walk or Cadet line 7, 5 min walk - COMPUTER with free internet access  in the apartment - bed linen and towels provided - Brand new hair-dryer The neighborhood is lively,  very secure, full of shops, cafés and restaurants.  All comfort is included, international cable TV,  fully equipped kitchen, towels and linen provided. L
6564	My studio is on the seventh floor, with elevator. It's  18m2 and very luminous. The bathroom has a bath with a shower in it. Shelving is available...  	Typically Parisian! My studio is located in one of Paris’s most well-known food districts, and is very close to the Montmartre cable car.  My studio is on the seventh floor, with elevator. It's  18m2 and very luminous. The bathroom has a bath with a shower in it. Shelving is available...  Guests have access to the 18m2. They can use all of the appliances in the apartment (ex: kettle, microwave, electric cooker, television…)  I can be contacted by telephone for any questions that you may have during your stay... Accessibility: here are a few distances in “minutes by foot”… 1 minutes from the Square D’Anvers, 2 minutes to Metro Anvers, 4 minutes to the Montmartre cable car, 5 minutes to the gourmet’s heaven (Rue de Martyrs), 8 minutes to Pigalle, 9 minutes to the world famous Moulin Rouge, 10 minutes total walk up to the Sacré Coeur and to one of Paris’s best panoramic views, 12 minutes to the Gare Du Nord and 20 minutes to the Galeries Lafayettes… The studio can be reached by car (parki
6565	Situé dans le haut du 9e, proche Martyrs et Montmartre, appartement de 45m2 entièrement rénové et équipé. 6e étage avec ascenseur, lumineux et calme. Idéal pour un couple. 	Au coeur de South Pigalle et aux pieds de Montmartre, appartement de 45m2 entièrement rénové et équipé. 6e étage avec ascenseur, lumineux et calme. Idéal pour 1 couple ! Situé dans le haut du 9e, proche Martyrs et Montmartre, appartement de 45m2 entièrement rénové et équipé. 6e étage avec ascenseur, lumineux et calme. Idéal pour un couple. Accès Internet Cuisine entièrement équipée Lave-linge 1 chambre avec 1 lit double 1 salle de bain avec WC 1 salon 1 salle à manger Accueil des voyageurs par le propriétaire English speaking Un havre de paix au coeur du quartier Bobo & trendy de South Pigalle et aux pieds de Montmartre Très bien desservi :  * A 5mn à pieds : South Pigalle et Montmartre * Les quartiers incontournables de Paris rapidement accessibles en métro ou bus Métro : Anvers L2 /Pigalle L2 L12 / Barbès-Rochechouart L4 Gare du Nord / Gare de l'Est Bus : 85 – 30 - 54 English speaking
6566	Nice small flat refurbished with any outing, the sixth and last floor (without elevator, good for legs and heart!) of a typical parisian building.  Small flat (12 m2), but large window with view on the roofs of Paris and the top (!) of Eiffel Tour.  Sofa bed, shower, fully-equipped kitchen, supplied sheets, small table,desk and chairs. Clean linen. It's public toilet, in the corridor, and it's clean. Travel guide and full map of Paris at your disposal. Little fan (ventilator) ! Animals: welcome ! 	Subway Saint-Georges, pleasant district with any shops near Montmartre and Opéra Garnier. Bright little room full equipped at the sixth and last floor. View on the roofs of Paris and the top of Tour Eiffel. WIFI. Public and clean toilets. Welcome !  Nice small flat refurbished with any outing, the sixth and last floor (without elevator, good for legs and heart!) of a typical parisian building.  Small flat (12 m2), but large window with view on the roofs of Paris and the top (!) of Eiffel Tour.  Sofa bed, shower, fully-equipped kitchen, supplied sheets, small table,desk and chairs. Clean linen. It's public toilet, in the corridor, and it's clean. Travel guide and full map of Paris at your disposal. Little fan (ventilator) ! Animals: welcome !  Simple, the building is close to bus or subway. Métros St Georges and Notre-Dame-de-Lorette at 30 mètres (ligne 12), many Bus stops. Less than 15 mn in bus or subway from Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, Gare St Lazare, 30 mn from Montparnasse.  We wi
6567		Chambre dans loft / Atelier de photographe  Lumineux, 6e étage  Cosy et contemporain Petit déjeuner bio compris Wifi + TV + Plug Bose speakers
6568		Attractive 2-rooms apartment, in Rochechouart street,  9eme district of Paris, in 5mn of Sacré Coeur, 10mn of Chatelet, Opera. 2 rooms with queen size beds, perfect for a couple with children. Metro Cadet ou Anvers
6569	This apartment is ideal for soaking up the atmosphere of the city (right in the middle of the most visited sites of Paris).  Very cozy, this studio was recently renovated in a modern style; Italian type shower; fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, microwave). Very safe building (2 digicodes).	Perfect for a couple willing to enjoy a few days in one of the most beautiful and active parts of Paris. Located just next to the Opéra Garnier and the Galleries Lafayette, you will be at a 10 minute walk from the districts of Montmartre, Louvre.. This apartment is ideal for soaking up the atmosphere of the city (right in the middle of the most visited sites of Paris).  Very cozy, this studio was recently renovated in a modern style; Italian type shower; fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, microwave). Very safe building (2 digicodes). Located in the 9th arrondissement, just next to the Galleries Lafayette, you will be at a 10 minute walk from the districts of Montmartre, Opéra Garnier, Louvre and Champs Elysées. You will have access to a myriad of shops, bars and nightclubs, sidewalk cafes and restaurants for all tastes.  Well served by the public transportation (5 mins from Gare Saint Lazarre). Other details: •Size: 27m² •Max: up to 3 people •Access to wifi possible •Piano
6570		bonjour  a  tous  je  met   en  place  une  très  jolie  f2  de  50 m2  située  en plein  cente  de  paris   dans  le  9eme  arrondissement    proche   du   transport    en colocation ou bien une sous location appartement tres propre meuble internet
6571	The apartment is completed for a stay of discovery of the capital. The numerous subways and the buses are at the foot of the building. You will be just a step from Grands Magasins, of the Opera and the famous Moulin Rouge:)	           Welcome to our beautiful and cosy, well furnished apartment. It's very quiet in our courtyard. Metro and buses are on the door step. Enjoy your stay in the heart of Paris near the Grands Magasins, the Opera and the Moulin Rouge :)    The apartment is completed for a stay of discovery of the capital. The numerous subways and the buses are at the foot of the building. You will be just a step from Grands Magasins, of the Opera and the famous Moulin Rouge:) All our hosts have access in the entire the apartment with all the comfort and the supplied equipments. We will welcome the travelers at the most of our possibilities. If necessary, we shall see to it to facilitate your arrival to the apartment. The district is central in Paris, very close at the same time to big tourist monuments ford also streets quiet and paved by the capital which will reveal you all their surprises. The appartement is accessible in subway, by bus, RER (REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) and commuter train via the
6572		Beau 4 pièces bourgeois dans le 9ème romantique (Saint-Georges) et à deux pas de Montmartre. Parquet, cheminées, 2 salles de bains, 3 chambres (dont une de bébé) et un canapé lit. Fond de cour, très calme, seul à l'étage, lumière... Métro : ligne 12, arrêt Saint-Georges ou Notre-Dame-de-Lorette
6573		One-bedroom apartment in the hip 9th arrondissment of Paris that sleeps two in the bed plus one on the pull out couch if desired.  One bathroom, open plan kitchen, nice building, modern decor.
6574	ce charmant deux pièces  tout équipé est situé dans le 9 eme arrondissement, à deux pas des Grands Boulevards, des galeries lafayette, et de Montmartre,  Il est très bien desservi par les transports (multiples bus et métro7/12/2 /8/9) Parfait pour une escapade parisienne en amoureux ce charmant deux pièces  tout équipé est situé dans le 9 eme arrondissement, à deux pas des Grands Boulevards, des galeries lafayette et de Montmartre.  Il est très bien desservi par les transports (multiples bus et métro ligne 7/12/2)  Parfait pour une escapade parisienne en amoureux  45 m2 en plein cœur de Paris Tout équipé (internet/ lave linge/ téléviseurs/microonde/four/plaque de cuisson/ baignoire/ sèche cheveux...) Baignoire  Microonde Four Plaque vitrocéramique  Internet  Nous prendrons contact par téléphone Je m occuperai personnellement de votre entrée et sortie des lieux.  Si il y a le moindre problème je suis joignable  Très central  Proximité avec les folies bergères/ galeries haussman / Montma	Perfect flat for a couple, full equiped, well deserved by transport charmant deux pièces tout équipé situé près des Grands Boulevards, galeries lafayette, Montmartre  très bien desservi par les transports Parfait pour escapade en amoureux ce charmant deux pièces  tout équipé est situé dans le 9 eme arrondissement, à deux pas des Grands Boulevards, des galeries lafayette, et de Montmartre,  Il est très bien desservi par les transports (multiples bus et métro7/12/2 /8/9) Parfait pour une escapade parisienne en amoureux ce charmant deux pièces  tout équipé est situé dans le 9 eme arrondissement, à deux pas des Grands Boulevards, des galeries lafayette et de Montmartre.  Il est très bien desservi par les transports (multiples bus et métro ligne 7/12/2)  Parfait pour une escapade parisienne en amoureux  45 m2 en plein cœur de Paris Tout équipé (internet/ lave linge/ téléviseurs/microonde/four/plaque de cuisson/ baignoire/ sèche cheveux...) Baignoire  Microonde Four Plaque vitrocéramique  In
6575	Appartement de 50m2 au 5ème étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur et cour intérieure : - aucun vis à vis - grand salon avec cuisine tout équipée - salle de bain avec douche - une chambre avec lit double et bureau - draps et serviettes fournis Appartement calme sur cour, peu de voisins et bonne luminosité. 	Our apartment is located in South Pigalle, the best place to spend your holidays in Paris. A 3-minute walk from Pigalle between Montmartre and the Opera Garnier. Perfect for visiting Paris !
6576	Appartement de 82m2. Une Grande pièce à vivre Salon-Salle à manger-Cuisine.  Coté salon avec 2 canapés, table basse, Chaine Hifi, écran TV et lecteur DVD, Vélo d'appartement. Coté Salle à manger avec 1 table et 4 chaises. Cuisine ouverte équipée (Four, Four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur). Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. Une Salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo, machine à laver le linge. WC séparés. Deux chambres sonnant sur la cour avec lit 2 places. 	Appartement familial 3-4 pièces dans le centre de Paris. 5min à pied de la Gare de l'Est et de la Gare du Nord (to CDG). 15min à pied du Sacré Cœur (Montmartre), de l'Opéra et des Galeries Lafayette / Printemps Haussmann. Appartement de 82m2. Une Grande pièce à vivre Salon-Salle à manger-Cuisine.  Coté salon avec 2 canapés, table basse, Chaine Hifi, écran TV et lecteur DVD, Vélo d'appartement. Coté Salle à manger avec 1 table et 4 chaises. Cuisine ouverte équipée (Four, Four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur). Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. Une Salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo, machine à laver le linge. WC séparés. Deux chambres sonnant sur la cour avec lit 2 places. Une petite pièce de l'appartement est condamnée et non accessible.  Remise des clés par la propriétaire le jour de l'arrivée et du départ. Propriétaire joignable par téléphone. Métro Poissonnière. Rue calme avec peu de passage. Près du Square Montholon (idéal pour les enfants), à deux pas du joli Marché Couvert Sa
6577	"Very charming flat in Montmartre. The apartment is ideally located at the heart of Montmartre.  3 rooms / 1 bedroom: It has a living room, a separate bedroom and a separate dressing room. The appartment is equipped with fast Wifi and all commodities for your stay. Only few minutes away from the Sacré Coeur, it is located in a nice area (shops, bars, restaurants and parks). Very bright and very quiet (courtyard side).  Everything is at walking distance : Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre vineyards, place of Tertre, the Abbesses, Lepic street with the Amelie café. The closest metro station is only 1min by feet ""Pigalle"" Line 2 & 12 that will drives you to the mainly must see places. It takes 10 mn to go to Concorde, 15 mn to go to Champs Elysées, and 20 mn to St Germain des Près. The apartment is recently renovated with a dressing room with an amazing view on Sacré Coeur and a nice & cosy bedroom with double bed and big Velux roof window. In the living room you'll find a sofa, Flat T"	"Very charming flat in Montmartre. The apartment is ideally located at the heart of Montmartre.  3 rooms / 1 bedroom: It has a living room, a separate bedroom and a separate dressing room. The appartment is equipped with fast Wifi and all commodities for your stay. Only few minutes away from the Sacré Coeur, it is located in a nice area (shops, bars, restaurants and parks). Very bright and very quiet (courtyard side).  Everything is at walking distance : Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre vineyards, place of Tertre, the Abbesses, Lepic street with the Amelie café. The closest metro station is only 1min by feet ""Pigalle"" Line 2 & 12 that will drives you to the mainly must see places. It takes 10 mn to go to Concorde, 15 mn to go to Champs Elysées, and 20 mn to St Germain des Près. The apartment is recently renovated with a dressing room with an amazing view on Sacré Coeur and a nice & cosy bedroom with double bed and big Velux roof window. In the living room you'll find a sofa, Flat T"
6578	Open, loft style apartment. 	Open floor plan, large space. Center of the city.  Bedroom located downstairs, window on the courtyard for calm when sleeping.  This is a primary residence, but will be travelling. Plenty of closet space, and brand new furnishings.  Open, loft style apartment.  everything always at their disposal for any and all questions.  the area is being trend-ified with plenty of restaurants and high end hotels opening up. Close proximity to everything.  2 minute walk to metro line 8, 9, and 7.  Walking distance to the marais, 15 minutes.
6579		Studio plein sud dans le 18e arrondissement Localisation: très bien situé en face du métro Anvers,  à 10 min de la Gare du Nord et de l'Est,  à 1 min à pied du Sacré Cœur, et à 2 stations de métro du Moulin Rouge. Petit-déjeuner compris. Quartier très prisé des parisiens, de nombreux bars, un square en face. Un point d'accès stratégique pour les transports: Lignes de métro 2, 4, 5 et 12 à proximité.
6580	Super bien situé, en plein coeur du 9ème arrondissement, proche tous commerces et transports (Carrefour Market en bas de l'immeuble, bus...), et totalement calme. Il est orienté Nord donc il ne fait jamais trop chaud même quand les températures extérieures sont élevées.	A 5min à pied du Sacré Coeur, 10min à pied du Quartier de l'Opéra - Grands Magasins Lafayette, Au 4è étage avec ascenseur, Studio en parfait état, clair et calme, pièce de vie, cuisine séparée, salle de douche Résidence calme (pas de fête). Merci de bien lire le règlement intérieur concernant la nécessité de faire le ménage avant votre départ (rendre l'appartement propre) et de prévoir vos draps et serviettes (sauf demande spéciale). Super bien situé, en plein coeur du 9ème arrondissement, proche tous commerces et transports (Carrefour Market en bas de l'immeuble, bus...), et totalement calme. Il est orienté Nord donc il ne fait jamais trop chaud même quand les températures extérieures sont élevées. DRAPS DE LIT et SERVIETTE DE TOILETTE : sauf exception, je ne les fournis pas.  Dimension draps de lit : 140x190 ; prévoir un drap housse, 2 taies d'oreillers et une housse de couette  BED SHEETS and HAND TOWEL: allowing exception, I do not supply them.  Dimension (Size) bed sheets : 140x19
6581	"Beautiful 50m2 flat at the heart of the 9th arrondissement. It is sunny all day ! Well located (10 min on foot from Gare du Nord and easily accessible from any Parisian train station and so from the airports). It is quiet and yet in one of the best area of Paris : between Grands Boulevards, Montmartre, Pigalle and the ""Grands Magasins"" ! A lot of nice bars and restaurants around just for you !"	"Beautiful 50m2 flat at the heart of the 9th arrondissement. It is sunny all day ! Well located (10 min on foot from Gare du Nord and easily accessible from any Parisian train station and so from the airports). It is quiet and yet in one of the best area of Paris : between Grands Boulevards, Montmartre, Pigalle and the ""Grands Magasins"" ! A lot of nice bars and restaurants around just for you ! You'll have the whole flat for yourselves. A fully equiped kitchen, a bathroom with separate toilets, a big living room and a big bedroom. Well suited for 4 people (2 in the bedroom and 2 in the living room). There are 2 double beds in the living room 140cm wide. We'll be able to help you by phone during the day or personnally the evenings if needed. Right in the middle of the 9th arrondissement, 2 steps from les Grands Boulevards, Montmartre, Pigalle or les ""Grands Magasins"". This neighbourhood has a lot of nice small shops, bars and restaurants around. The flat is however quiet at the 4th floor"
6582	"The apartment has been designed by an interior designer  to look like a luxury hotels' suite . It is located on ground floor of a typical Parisian building from the 18th century on a small side street.  It comprises a comfortable dining space with an entirely equipped kitchen (fridge, dish washer, washing machine, dryer, kettle…)  and a very cosy and pleasant bedroom with a double bed and a sofa bed. The  bathroom is designed with an ""italian style"" walk-in shower. Due to the central location of this apartment you will thus be able to benefit from the treasures of Paris. This short-term rental apartment in Paris is ideal to make your stay unique. Maximum Capacity : 3 adults or  2 adults and 2 children ( less than 15 yo) Size : 25 m2 / 270 Sqft In the bedroom : 1 double bed ( 140 cm)  1 convertible sofa bed ( 120 cm) Deposit for a long term stay  (1 month and longer) : 1500 € Cet ancien atelier a été entièrement rénové par un architecte dans le style d’une Executive suite d’hôtel de lux"	"The apartment has been designed by an interior designer  to look like a luxury hotels' suite . It is located on ground floor of a typical Parisian building from the 18th century on a small side street.  It comprises a comfortable dining space with an entirely equipped kitchen (fridge, dish washer, washing machine, dryer, kettle…)  and a very cosy and pleasant bedroom with a double bed and a sofa bed. The  bathroom is designed with an ""italian style"" walk-in shower. Due to the central location of this apartment you will thus be able to benefit from the treasures of Paris. This short-term rental apartment in Paris is ideal to make your stay unique. Maximum Capacity : 3 adults or  2 adults and 2 children ( less than 15 yo) Size : 25 m2 / 270 Sqft In the bedroom : 1 double bed ( 140 cm)  1 convertible sofa bed ( 120 cm) Deposit for a long term stay  (1 month and longer) : 1500 € Cet ancien atelier a été entièrement rénové par un architecte dans le style d’une Executive suite d’hôtel de lux"
6583	calme sur cours et très bien situé acces à tout le studio  disponible pour echanger infos avec les voyageurs.	calme sur cours et très bien situé acces à tout le studio  disponible pour echanger infos avec les voyageurs.
6584	 SUMMARY: - Beautifully remodelled: 2+ bedroom apartment. - Central neighbourhood, close to many sights, bistros, bars, and public transport options. - Hosted by experienced, professional and and friendly people who have tried to make it feel like *your* home away from home. ABOUT THE NEIGHBOURHOOD: Located in the highly acclaimed 9th arrondisement in heart of Paris, adjacent to the Opéra, Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), Le Louvre, Musée Grévin, Galeries Lafayette, = All of them less than 5-10 Minutes walking which is perfect to enjoy the city. If you like history here is a nice story about our appartment: it is located/// PRACTICAL - Spacious living-room area that can converts to a 3nd bedroom. The living room has 2 sleep on a really nice and comfortable sofa, it is the red one on the pics (I used to sleep on it when my kids where home!). The living room is really bright during the day and very quiet. You will have really nice meals there. -There is 2 separate bedrooms: - The first bedroom 	 SUMMARY: - Beautifully remodelled: 2+ bedroom apartment. - Central neighbourhood, close to many sights, bistros, bars, and public transport options. - Hosted by experienced, professional and and friendly people who have tried to make it feel like *your* home away from home. ABOUT THE NEIGHBOURHOOD: Located in the highly acclaimed 9th arrondisement in heart of Paris, adjacent to the Opéra, Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), Le Louvre, Musée Grévin, Galeries Lafayette, = All of them less than 5-10 Minutes walking which is perfect to enjoy the city. If you like history here is a nice story about our appartment: it is located/// PRACTICAL - Spacious living-room area that can converts to a 3nd bedroom. The living room has 2 sleep on a really nice and comfortable sofa, it is the red one on the pics (I used to sleep on it when my kids where home!). The living room is really bright during the day and very quiet. You will have really nice meals there. -There is 2 separate bedrooms: - The first bedroom 
6585	This 62 (website hidden) apartment, overlooking the inner courtyard of the building and therefore very quiet, includes a double living room, divided into a dining area with a wooden and marble round table for 4 people and in a living area with a double sofa bed (160 cm), a fireplace and a small desk.  At the entrance of the apartment, an anteroom leads to the fully equipped kitchen. The living room gives access to the first bedroom with a single sofa bed and a desk. The sleeping area comes complete with a bedroom furnished with twin beds (80 cm each) which can be joined and used as a double bed. The dining room leads to the bathroom with tub, washer, and WC.	Welcoming two bedroom accommodation in Paris, with one bathroom and separate toilet, located on the second floor of a building (without elevator) in the 9ème arrondissement, at a few steps from the Grands Boulevards. This 62 (website hidden) apartment, overlooking the inner courtyard of the building and therefore very quiet, includes a double living room, divided into a dining area with a wooden and marble round table for 4 people and in a living area with a double sofa bed (160 cm), a fireplace and a small desk.  At the entrance of the apartment, an anteroom leads to the fully equipped kitchen. The living room gives access to the first bedroom with a single sofa bed and a desk. The sleeping area comes complete with a bedroom furnished with twin beds (80 cm each) which can be joined and used as a double bed. The dining room leads to the bathroom with tub, washer, and WC. Guests have access to the entire apartment, and have full use of the kitchen. Sheets and towels are provided for fre
6586		Very nice Parisian apartment, well situated, in a trendy neighboorhood. Fully equipped with all you may need to have a good stay. Very comfortable, we have a warming house Brazilian inspirad (email hidden)e apartment is composed of: 1 E
6587	Ideal location in Paris in a very typical, busy and beautiful neighbourhood. In the other hand, once in the flat it's very quiet. In summer the flat is always cool inside which is actually amazing with these hot temperatures right now  It's ideal for a little group of friends (3-4) or for a couple with kid	On the second floor with elevator, quiet, and fully equipped. Ceiling moldings and parquet. Located in a very living area.  Ideal location in Paris in a very typical, busy and beautiful neighbourhood. In the other hand, once in the flat it's very quiet. In summer the flat is always cool inside which is actually amazing with these hot temperatures right now  It's ideal for a little group of friends (3-4) or for a couple with kid I let the entire flat for you.  There is a PS4 if you want to play or watch movies and enjoy the home cinema, a Nespresso machine, a Beertender machine and also everything you need for wash and iron your stuff I'm not always there but i'm available everytime you need me and there is always someone else available and warned in case of any problem - Cabaret Le Moulin Rouge : you can't be closer unlesss you are in!! - Butte Montmartre : Rue Lepic who leads finally to the Sacré Coeur is between the flat and Le Moulin Rouge - Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Prin
6588		Appartement de 5 pièces au 5eme étage (ascenseur) avec balcon au cœur de Paris, proche métro. Calme, vue dégagée. 150m2, 7 vrais lits et 3 lits d appoint. Grande cuisine toute équipée, excellentes prestations. 1 place parking  metro, bus, commerces au centre de paris, tres commercant Proche des metros et gare du nord
6589		     Bonjour je loue ma chambre, avec un lit double pour 2 personnes. Accès la salle de bain .
6590	Vous aurez accès sur place à une connexion wifi gratuite, une télévision à écran plat, et une cuisine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, four, machine à café Nespresso, grille-pain, bouilloire, etc). La salle de bains privative comprend un WC, une douche, des serviettes de toilette et un sèche-cheveux. Le coin chambre dispose d’un lit double et d’un grand espace rangement. L'appartement, donnant sur la cour intérieure, est très calme.	Charming apartment in excellent location, very calm, first floor, perfect location in the heart of historic district, at the foot of Montmartre, a few steps from the famous Rue de Martyrs, a walking distance from Lafayette and Opera. Metro at 150m. Guests have access to free wifi, cable tv, fully equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, Nespresso, toaster etc), bathroom (towels, hairdryer etc. provided), room with a double bed, very calm (quiet backyard). I will be happy to provide all the necessary détails about the area and Paris in general. On the same street, several restaurants available (french, italian, turkish), and just in front an English pub. The area is very lively, and just a few steps away, you will find shops, bakeries, bars, restaurants... The apartment is situated just a few steps from the metro station 'Saint Georges' (line 12). 15 minutes walk from Saint Lazare or Gare du Nord. There is a Velib station a few meters away, several bus lines available  just at the end of the stre
6591	Vue exceptionnelle.	Immeuble haussmannien 70m² desservi par 2 balcons. Magnifique vue imprenable sur Montmartre. Appartement récemment rénové, élégant, très cosy, insonorisé et très bien équipé. Nombreuses lignes de bus, métro. Restaurants théâtres distractions proches. Vue exceptionnelle. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement.  Quelques placards seront privatisés. Seront à votre disposition le kit repassage, grille pain, bouilloire électrique, micro ondes, lave vaisselle, gazinière, four. La salle de bain est équipée de douche et bain Vous trouverez un sèche cheveux En cas d'urgence grave dans l'appartement, vous trouverez dans le livre d'accueil un numéro à appeler Au carrefour du 9ème, 18ème, 10ème arrondissements, cet appartement offre des promenades d’intérêt très varié (musées, shopping, architecture, cabarets, ou salle de concerts renommées comme la Cigale, théâtres, cinémas, etc...) Situé au cœur de Paris il propose une découverte aisée de la capitale ainsi que des villes historiques comm
6592	This stunning apartment on avenue Trudaine 75009, with a direct view of the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre, will leave you contemplating extending your stay in Paris.  Nestled on the second floor (with lift) of an 18th C building, you’ll be immersed in the beauty of the city of lights from the moment you arrive.   Furnished with an exquisite mix of modern and antique furniture, this 44m2 (474ft2) apartment contains: -a lift to bring you and your luggage to the second floor -an entry hall -a sitting room with a fold-out sofa bed (sleeps 2 comfortably), a marble fireplace, two large, double-paned, louvered windows  -a bedroom with double bed, large double-paned window overlooking rue Turgot -a fully-equipped, separate kitchen containing: fridge/freezer, microwave, coffee machine, kettle, pots & pans, dishes, various kitchen utensils -a bathroom with tub, WC n.b.: all linens and towels are included in the price of the rental  	This fantastic 1 bedroom apartment on Ave Trudaine is a perfect mix of antique character and modernity – much like Paris. It’s the perfect location for a romantic stay, or for a family of 4. Bienvenue à Paris! This stunning apartment on avenue Trudaine 75009, with a direct view of the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre, will leave you contemplating extending your stay in Paris.  Nestled on the second floor (with lift) of an 18th C building, you’ll be immersed in the beauty of the city of lights from the moment you arrive.   Furnished with an exquisite mix of modern and antique furniture, this 44m2 (474ft2) apartment contains: -a lift to bring you and your luggage to the second floor -an entry hall -a sitting room with a fold-out sofa bed (sleeps 2 comfortably), a marble fireplace, two large, double-paned, louvered windows  -a bedroom with double bed, large double-paned window overlooking rue Turgot -a fully-equipped, separate kitchen containing: fridge/freezer, microwave, coffee machine, kettle
6593	Appartement décoré avec élégance. Tres bien placé en plein centre de paris.  8 personnes peuvent loger dans cet appartement. 	5pieces 175 m2 immeuble haussmannien  2e etage balcon tres lumineux salon salle a manger bureau 2 chambres 2 salles de bain cuisine ascenseur tt confort a deux pas des galeries lafayette de l'Opera du sacre coeur et des grds boulevards  metro et bus Appartement décoré avec élégance. Tres bien placé en plein centre de paris.  8 personnes peuvent loger dans cet appartement. Accés à tout l'appartement Propriétaire non présente dans l'appartement mais prendra le temps avant votre arrivée de tout vous expliquer et une personne vous accueillera dans l'appartement à votre arrivée et à votre départ et je serais heureuse de répondre à toutes vos questions par email our par téléphone. C'est un quartier très centrale avec toutes les commodités autour. Magasins, restaurant, cinema, theatre, Opéra.... Vous avez le métro à 100m (Richelieu Drouot) Métro: Cadet, Lepelletier, Grand boulevard sont a proximité. 10 minutes à pied de l'Opéra pour un bus direct à l'aéroport de Roissy Charles De Gaulle.  Gar
6594	Located in an historical quarter called New Athens , 28 m squared , Bedroom  with 2 people bed, Living room with a convertible sofa perfect for a couple and a child or friend , TV and wireless , 6th floor  , excellent building, 5 mn from Moulin rouge  and Montmartre area and 10 mn on foot from Galeries Lafayette and Printemps ,10 mn on foot from Opera. You have all shops in a 50 meters circle as Bakery, Supermaket,Pharmacy, restaurants, coffees and Bar. Stations are Blanche or Place de Clichy. Station Saint Georges on line 7 is 7 mn on foot. several parkings for your car in the area ( less than 5mn on foot) It is the perfect location you may need in Paris. 	Lovely flat under the roof  ,  quiet, internet wireless. A nest for lovers. Located in an historical quarter called New Athens , 28 m squared , Bedroom  with 2 people bed, Living room with a convertible sofa perfect for a couple and a child or friend , TV and wireless , 6th floor  , excellent building, 5 mn from Moulin rouge  and Montmartre area and 10 mn on foot from Galeries Lafayette and Printemps ,10 mn on foot from Opera. You have all shops in a 50 meters circle as Bakery, Supermaket,Pharmacy, restaurants, coffees and Bar. Stations are Blanche or Place de Clichy. Station Saint Georges on line 7 is 7 mn on foot. several parkings for your car in the area ( less than 5mn on foot) It is the perfect location you may need in Paris. phone or email. Lots of shops, cafés and restaurants. Close to Moulin Rouge, Amelie Poulain Café and Montmartre. Place de clichy or Blanche Station
6595	Charming studio with a view over SoPi (South Pigalle), a boho neighborhood close to some of Paris' famous sites. There's a small balcony that's perfect for breakfast in the sun, with windows facing south. Double bed and pull-out couch. This apartment is on the top floor of a 6-story building (that's 7 for you Americans) with no elevator. So, there are a lot of stairs. But you'll be able to eat all the croissants you want without feeling guilty! Charmant studio niché dans les hauteurs de Pigalle. En plein SoPi (SouthPigalle); quartier remuant, arty et très animé le soir. Petit balcon parfait pour le petit déjeuner au soleil. Exposé plein sud donc très lumineux. Il y  a un petit lit double et un canapé lit. 	Studio calme, lumineux, chaleureux avec balcon. Beaucoup de charme. Situé en plein coeur du mythique quartier South Pigalle. Idéal pour sorties culturelles (bar, théâtre, cabaret) et night life. 6ème étage sans ascenseur.Tous commerces à proximité.  Charming studio with a view over SoPi (South Pigalle), a boho neighborhood close to some of Paris' famous sites. There's a small balcony that's perfect for breakfast in the sun, with windows facing south. Double bed and pull-out couch. This apartment is on the top floor of a 6-story building (that's 7 for you Americans) with no elevator. So, there are a lot of stairs. But you'll be able to eat all the croissants you want without feeling guilty! Charmant studio niché dans les hauteurs de Pigalle. En plein SoPi (SouthPigalle); quartier remuant, arty et très animé le soir. Petit balcon parfait pour le petit déjeuner au soleil. Exposé plein sud donc très lumineux. Il y  a un petit lit double et un canapé lit. You will have the entire studio to 
6596	the small studio is very small, but quite comfortable with shower and small kitchen (fridge, stove). it's pretty low ceiling and built like a small boat. The toilet is on the landing of the 5th floor, right in front and are only used by yourself and another resident. The sofa bed could be used by 1 or yu could easely transform on bed for 2 (a couple). best for Young peopple, students, openmind people and globe trotters !! ;)) It's not Hilton !!!	Very small ( i insist) studio with a small kitchen, shower, sofa-bed (2), fitted like a boat. ideal for a visit to Paris (best for Young people) ! in clean/historic building.  in the heart of South Pigalle, saint george, between Opera/Montmartre) the small studio is very small, but quite comfortable with shower and small kitchen (fridge, stove). it's pretty low ceiling and built like a small boat. The toilet is on the landing of the 5th floor, right in front and are only used by yourself and another resident. The sofa bed could be used by 1 or yu could easely transform on bed for 2 (a couple). best for Young peopple, students, openmind people and globe trotters !! ;)) It's not Hilton !!! nous faisons tout pour vous accueillir. toutefois, la clé peut être mise à disposition auprès de la concierge (7-12 am, 4-7 pm) ou dans un local convenu d'avance. local à poubelle dans la cour. éventuellement vélo : demandez wifi à disposition nous faisons tout pour vous accueillir...  the apartment is
6597		Appartement 53 m2 dans immeuble pierres de taille. Parquet, moulures, cheminée. Salon, cuisine équipée, salle de bain, wc indépendants, chambre. Parfaitement équipé. Prestations de qualité. Proximité rue des Martyrs (8 mn à pied), Gare du Nord (10 mn), Montmartre (10 mn), Montorgueil (20 mn), Opéra-Grands Magasins (20 mn), Palais Royal et Musée du Louvre (30 mn).
6598	Welcome to Paris ! I'm pleased to welcome you in my charming nest in the 9ème arrondissement of Paris.  Cosy and safe area with supermarkets, bakeries, restaurants... - 5 minutes by foot to Pigalle - 10 minutes by foot to the Sacre Coeur - 20 minutes by foot to the Chatelet area (heart of Paris) 	Welcome to Paris ! I'm pleased to welcome you in my charming nest in the 9ème arrondissement of Paris. 
6599	Il y a tous les équipement pour venir avec un bébé en plus.	Appartement refait à neuf, situé à Notre Dame de Lorette, proche de Montmartre, à deux pas des Grands Magasins, boulevard Haussmann.  Une chambre avec lit 2 places, un canapé lit dans le salon, et une petite chambre avec lit bébé. Il y a tous les équipement pour venir avec un bébé en plus. au pied du métro Notre Dame de Lorette sur la ligne 12 et à quatre minutes du métro Le Peletier ligne 7
