900	The flat is located on the 5th floor of an haussmannian building.  The double living room-dining room overlooks the Niel Avenue, but with the double glazed windows, is quite. The bedroom, overlooking a courtyard, hat a queen size bed and a large desk. The living room has a comfortable sofa cum bed and a 46 inches flat screen. You'll have access to wi-fi. The dining room offers a large wooden table for up to 6 persons. The kitchen is equipped with a washing machine and a dish washer. The bathroom has a bathtub and a basin.  The toilets are separated. Last but not least, the long balcony, accessible from the living room and the dining room, has a view on the Eiffel Tower. Plus, there is a little table where you can have a sunny breakfast. Our guests aren't allowed to smoke inside  but the balcony should overcome this inconvenient. So, what are you waiting for?	The flat is located on the 5th floor of an haussmannian building.  The double living room-dining room overlooks the Niel Avenue, but with the double glazed windows, is quite. The bedroom, overlooking a courtyard, hat a queen size bed and a large desk. The living room has a comfortable sofa cum bed and a 46 inches flat screen. You'll have access to wi-fi. The dining room offers a large wooden table for up to 6 persons. The kitchen is equipped with a washing machine and a dish washer. The bathroom has a bathtub and a basin.  The toilets are separated. Last but not least, the long balcony, accessible from the living room and the dining room, has a view on the Eiffel Tower. Plus, there is a little table where you can have a sunny breakfast. Our guests aren't allowed to smoke inside  but the balcony should overcome this inconvenient. So, what are you waiting for? It is very simple to access the flat. You can use bus (92, 93 and 341) or metro (Pereire - line 3) just down the building. You ca
901	Appartement lumineux et cosy. Logement très calme et possibilité de déjeuner au soleil sur le balcon. 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Minimum 3 nuits. Possibilité de parking privé sous certaines conditions. 	Studio de 28 m2 avec balcon, 5 eme étage ascenseur,très lumineux et extrêmement calme. Grande salle de bain,rangements Décoration très parisienne. Mac à disposition et wifi. Métro Wagram à 2minutes, proximité du parc Monceau,restaurants et boutiques.10 minutes des champs élysées. Appartement lumineux et cosy. Logement très calme et possibilité de déjeuner au soleil sur le balcon. 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Minimum 3 nuits. Possibilité de parking privé sous certaines conditions. Cuisine très bien équipée (four, micro-ondes, mixeur, plaques chauffantes, bouilloire, cafetière, grille pain) Un ordinateur Mac à disposition avec accès internet. Télé disponible.  Accueil et disponibilité pendant leur séjour. Beaucoup de commerçants, restaurants et surtout le très beau parc Monceau. Les Champs Elysées sont à 15 minutes à pied.  Quartier familial très rassurant. Métro Wagram et de nombreux bus en bas de l'immeuble Deux stations de Velib (vélos) dans la rue. Possibilité parking privé, sous certa
902		Confortable, cosy and spacious appmt (50m2) in a quiet street of trendy 17th arr. in Paris. 25m2 room upstairs with bathroom and toilet. Modern kitchen opened on an american bar. Nicely decorated and equiped. Close to center (metro n°2 and 3)
903	An appartement  functional, and comfortable right in the heart of the district Champs-Elysées, one of the districts of Paris, Trendiest and trendiest situated in nice little one street. Ideal for for a small loving escapade of a weekend in the most beautiful city of the world, you will quickly feel, as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, this apartment consists of a comfortable stay with a sofa bed which can welcome 2 people. A small cooking(kitchen), with refrigerator, etc. …  The bathroom, new is equipped with a shower cubicle, with a washbasin and with toilet.  You will have also at your disposal all the necessity to remain to connect with the world, worth knowing(namely) a connection to free WiFi internet, television, with all the big French chains(channels).  One of the most beautiful district of bets come to discover, you will find the biggest marks(brands)  and especially the t	An apartement  functional, and comfortable right in the heart of the district Champs-Elysées, one of the districts of Paris, Trendiest and trendiest situated in nice little one street. Ideal for for a small loving escapade. An appartement  functional, and comfortable right in the heart of the district Champs-Elysées, one of the districts of Paris, Trendiest and trendiest situated in nice little one street. Ideal for for a small loving escapade of a weekend in the most beautiful city of the world, you will quickly feel, as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, this apartment consists of a comfortable stay with a sofa bed which can welcome 2 people. A small cooking(kitchen), with refrigerator, etc. …  The bathroom, new is equipped with a shower cubicle, with a washbasin and with toilet.  You will have also at your disposal all the necessity to remain to connect with the world, worth knowi
904	The studio is 25m2, sufficient for stay of 2 people	Modern studio with all the things you need to spend your trip comfortably in Paris. It 10-15 min walk from Sacre Coeur and Montmartre. It is close to public transportation, less than 1 min from merto and bus stops. The studio is 25m2, sufficient for stay of 2 people It's easily accessible by metro and buses. I am reachable by email, texts, and phone calls. You will find couple of nice parcs close by, specifically Martin Luther King's park and Batignolles. There are plenty of grocery stores around and nice bars & restaurants.
905		Welcome to our small Parisian flat, perfect to spend a week or two and visit Paris. Located in the quiet neighborhood of Les Batignolles, minutes away from Montmartre and the Champs-Elysées. Sunny living room and quiet bedroom.
906	In the heart of the Batignolles area of Paris, this flat is only 20 minutes’ walk away from the Sacré Coeur. The area is well known for the green spaces, the restaurants and the village atmosphere. Here, you will meet the real Parisians! You will find everything you need nearby: shops, parks, bars, restaurants etc.	Cosy and roomy flat in the heart of the Batignolles area in Paris. In the heart of the Batignolles area of Paris, this flat is only 20 minutes’ walk away from the Sacré Coeur. The area is well known for the green spaces, the restaurants and the village atmosphere. Here, you will meet the real Parisians! You will find everything you need nearby: shops, parks, bars, restaurants etc. Every room In the heart of the Batignolles area of Paris, this flat is only 20 minutes’ walk away from the Sacré Coeur. The area is well known for the green spaces, the restaurants and the village atmosphere. Here, you will meet the real Parisians! You will find everything you need nearby: shops, parks, bars, restaurants etc. line 2 station Rome leads you in 5 minutes to the Arc de Triomphe or Pigalle  and line 3 station Villiers which leads you to Opéra in 10 minutes • A big living room with a sofa and a coffee table, an LCD screen and the possibility to have 6 people sit around a dinner table • A fully equi
907		Très bien situé à Paris 17ème  2min à pied de la ligne 13 Porte Clichy 1min à pied du RER C Porte Clichy dans une résidence sécurisée et Calme. 2 Pièces avec cuisine et salle de bain très bien équipées, Une canapé lit, Bureau, WIFI, TV, Téléphone
908	This is a great Hausmann apartment with original details such as crown moldings, oak floors, high ceilings. Each bedroom has its own character. Quiet and shaded at the back (the shades ensure pitch darkness). Luxurious and stylish at the front. We are at the most coveted floor: full width balcony, highest ceilings, formal foyer.	"Gorgeous ""noble floor"" 65m2 apartment in the Batignolles. We're a US-based couple renting our pied-a-terre in the 17th arrondissement. Easy transportation (Metro, RER, Bus only yards away). Walk to Batignolles, Monceau, Montmartre or Puces. This is a great Hausmann apartment with original details such as crown moldings, oak floors, high ceilings. Each bedroom has its own character. Quiet and shaded at the back (the shades ensure pitch darkness). Luxurious and stylish at the front. We are at the most coveted floor: full width balcony, highest ceilings, formal foyer."
909		Charmant duplex de 50 m2, très calme. A proximité de la rue Levis avec son marché et ses nombreux commerces, du Parc Monceau et des stations de métro Rome et Villiers pour rejoindre les lieux touristiques de Paris.
910	Studio de 18 m2, confortable, bien équipé et bien situé. Un grand lit clic clac (acheté en 2014) couchage journalier (deux personnes). Nombreux rangements (penderie, étagères tiroirs.. etc)  Connexion internet à haut débit + wifi salle de bain et toilette séparé dans l'appartement. 	Studio de 18 m2, confortable, bien équipé et bien situé. Un grand lit clic clac (acheté en 2014) couchage journalier (deux personnes). Nombreux rangements (penderie, étagères tiroirs.. etc)  Connexion internet à haut débit + wifi salle de bain et toilette séparé dans l'appartement. Belle kitchenette avec une table de cuisson vitro-céramique, four encastré, réfrigérateur,  vaisselle complète, électroménager : machine à café Nespresso, rice cooker, presse agrumes, mixeur... Lave linge et fer à repasser à disposition. -Très pratique (supermarchés, restaurants etc)  -Quartier très sécurisé -5 min à pieds des Champs-Elysées / Arc de Triomphe -10 min en métro du Sacré-Cœur / Montmartre. -5min de Châtelet en RER  A proximité de la ligne de métro 2-6-1 et RER A, vous permettant un accès rapide à tous les centres d'intérêts de Paris. 
911	Nice & cute parisian studio, in ideal location. Perfect for 1 or 2 people, it can host up to 3 guests, with the mezzanine and  convertible sofa under it. Renewed a few onths ago, it is small (21m2) but very cute. Situated in the ground flor, in the nice interior courtyard of the building secured with digicode. Dates flexibles si besoin.	Very cute studio in the parisian district of Les Batignolles. It is very charming and unique, it has beams and stone  and brick walls, and it it is well decorated. It is also close to all conveniences: supermarket, restaurants, shops, métro, bars.. Nice & cute parisian studio, in ideal location. Perfect for 1 or 2 people, it can host up to 3 guests, with the mezzanine and  convertible sofa under it. Renewed a few onths ago, it is small (21m2) but very cute. Situated in the ground flor, in the nice interior courtyard of the building secured with digicode. Dates flexibles si besoin. Fully equipped with coffe machine, kettle, washing.drying machine... Towels and sheets. Don't hesitate to ask if you have any question. The neighborhood is very nice, there are plenty of restaurants, shops, bars... It is kinf of a little village inside Paris on one side, and very animated on the other side. It is close to transportation, and esay to go to any sightseeing place. - Bus 54, 74, 81 - Métro 2, 13 
912	Welcome to the Villaret, a gorgeously appointed and spacious apartment located in the heart of Paris. Your home away from home is located just off of the Avenue de La Grande Armée in the centrally-located Etoile neighborhood of Paris. The famous Avenue de Champs Elysees is an easy stroll away and the apartment is conveniently located a two-minute walk from the Argentine Metro stop. Here, you can catch Line 1, which is the fastest and most direct line in the Parisian metro system and will whisk you to many tourist destinations in minutes, such as the Grand Palais and Petit Palais (4 minutes), Louvre Museum (7 minutes), and the Marais neighborhood (15 minutes). There is also a delightful boulangerie, well-stocked grocery story, and several restaurants right around the corner from your front door. Offering a generous 1100ft² (100m²) layout, Le Villaret offers 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms that can comfortably accommodate up to 8 guests. Housed in a classic Haussmann-style building, the apart	A Beautiful Haussmann style apartment with a balcony in the upscale Etoile neighborhood of Paris awaits you for your Parisian vacation. 3 bedrooms, Sleeps 6-8, 100m² or 1100ft². Steps away from the Champs Elysees and high-end shopping Welcome to the Villaret, a gorgeously appointed and spacious apartment located in the heart of Paris. Your home away from home is located just off of the Avenue de La Grande Armée in the centrally-located Etoile neighborhood of Paris. The famous Avenue de Champs Elysees is an easy stroll away and the apartment is conveniently located a two-minute walk from the Argentine Metro stop. Here, you can catch Line 1, which is the fastest and most direct line in the Parisian metro system and will whisk you to many tourist destinations in minutes, such as the Grand Palais and Petit Palais (4 minutes), Louvre Museum (7 minutes), and the Marais neighborhood (15 minutes). There is also a delightful boulangerie, well-stocked grocery story, and several restaurants right
913	Très bel emplacement, à proximité de toutes sortes de commerces, des Champs-Élysées, magasins...	Petit studio de 30m2 au calme avec petit balcon à deux pas de l'Etoile et des Champs-Élysées et à proximité de nombreux commerces.  Métro Charles de Gaulle Etoile et Ternes (ligne 1 et 2) Très bel emplacement, à proximité de toutes sortes de commerces, des Champs-Élysées, magasins... Vous pouvez me contacter lorsque vous le souhaitez si vous avez besoin de renseignements
914	Avec une trés belle luminosité cet appartement de 43m2 est également parfaitement agencé. Une penderie et des tiroirs seront  à votre disposition ainsi qu'un canapé lit permettant 2 couchages supplementaires. Les parties pièce à vivre et coin nuit peuvent être séparées grâce à des rideaux pour plus d'intimité. Vous vous sentirez ici comme chez vous.	Idéalement situé, (5 minutes à pied des champs élysées ainsi que de porte maillot), cet appartement se situe dans une rue agréable et proche des commerces. L'appartenant donne sur cour et est donc des plus calme. Le mobilier est récent (gazinière neuve...) et des rangements sont à disposition. Avec une trés belle luminosité cet appartement de 43m2 est également parfaitement agencé. Une penderie et des tiroirs seront  à votre disposition ainsi qu'un canapé lit permettant 2 couchages supplementaires. Les parties pièce à vivre et coin nuit peuvent être séparées grâce à des rideaux pour plus d'intimité. Vous vous sentirez ici comme chez vous. Etant sur paris, c'est avec plaisir que j'accueillerai et resterai à disposition des voyageurs tout au long de leur séjour afin de répondre à leurs questions et les accompagner au mieux durant leur escale Le quartier est calme, et les commerces sont à proximité. Vous trouverez un super marché (G20) dans la rue (30 secondes de l'appartement) ainsi qu'u
915	We recently renovated our flat, it keeps a typical Parisian style with a modern  touch, it is very comfortable. We love spending time in the living room which is very spacious and bright. If you enjoy as much cooking as we do, you'll find everything you need in the large open kitchen to test French recipes ! The first bedroom has a very comfortable king size bed, the second bedroom has a baby's cot. Our couch is also a convertible double bed, although it is not very comfortable for two people, it can be good for a kid or one extra adult. The flat is very quiet, all windows in the living room have double glazing, and both bedrooms give onto a small absolutely silent courtyard.	Bright flat of 60sqm, 2 bedrooms, located in the famous neighborhood of Batignolles, with its cool and typical bars, restaurants and shops. Recently renovated and fully equipped, in very quiet street. Can ideally host a couple with 1 or 2 young children. We recently renovated our flat, it keeps a typical Parisian style with a modern  touch, it is very comfortable. We love spending time in the living room which is very spacious and bright. If you enjoy as much cooking as we do, you'll find everything you need in the large open kitchen to test French recipes ! The first bedroom has a very comfortable king size bed, the second bedroom has a baby's cot. Our couch is also a convertible double bed, although it is not very comfortable for two people, it can be good for a kid or one extra adult. The flat is very quiet, all windows in the living room have double glazing, and both bedrooms give onto a small absolutely silent courtyard. The area is very well served, you'll have no problem to reac
916		Au cœur du village des Batignolles, dans un appartement de 60 m² en duplex et en fond de cour, vous disposez d'une grande chambre.  Quartier remplit de restaurants et de commerces de proximités, a un jet de pierre de Montmartre et du parc Monceau
917		Immeuble haussmanien de standing. Proche de toutes commodités, transports. Très calme. Le charme de l'ancien. Mezzanine contenant le lit de 2 places ne convient pas  à des enfants de moins de 10 ans ou à des personnes un peu âgées. Un des quartiers résidentiels de Paris avec le Parc Monceau et la proximité des Champs Elysées et de la Place de l'Etoile.
918	Wide living room with an integrated modern kitchen. Large bed (queen size). Large bath tub to relax after long walks in the city!	A very typical French appartment in a lively and very typical parisian district (Lévis, Batignolles, Monceau, Sacré coeur, Etoile) 3 mn walk from Villiers metro station (line 3 and 2) 2 mn walk from an Autolib station (public electric cars) 2 mn walk Wide living room with an integrated modern kitchen. Large bed (queen size). Large bath tub to relax after long walks in the city! You have access to the whole appartment. You can reach us on our mobile phone 24h/24h during all your stay. Young and kind people in all the residence. Perfect area for public transports. 2 metro lines (2mn walk) Autolib and velib stations (2mn walk) 15mn walk or 5 mn by metro to go to Saint Lazarre station (direct access to Normandy by train).
919		Une petite appartement de 40 mc2 ,salon avec une canapé clic clac (2 places)une chambre pour dormir,cuisine ,salle de bain avec une baignoire ..au rez des chausses ,lumineux a cote du quartier Batignolles ,place de clichy ,10minutes au champs Elysées avec le bus
920	WHAT  / Very Charming , new & renovated 60 m2 Flat  WHERE / Situated in the QUARTIER DES EPINETTES very closed from the  GUY Moquet and Porte de Saint Ouen Tube, metro Stations( 10 mins by foot) This part of the 17th In Paris used to be the popular part of the area, very calm very quiet and most of families with 2/3 children NOW : This area is the new place to be, as far as the new artist and Bobos are relocated in such area. NOW / this area in very well located and asked from families as school, gardens and happy life from Batignolles is very crowed. NOW / ALL the LAW COURT is relocated in this are Very well located from restaurants, bars and food markets in the rue de Saint Ouen, rue de Clichy, Rue Pouchet. WHAT TO DO / Very closed from the place de clichy 15 mins walk , 5 mins by metro, al the night life by Paris you are expected will be at your disposal , cinemas, cabarets, spectacles, bars, dancing, nightclubs. I will be the best city guide for you in case of any need THE 60 M2 FL	WHAT  / Very Charming , new & renovated 60 m2 Flat  WHERE / Situated in the QUARTIER DES EPINETTES very closed from the  GUY Moquet and Porte de Saint Ouen Tube, metro Stations( 10 mins by foot) This part of the 17th In Paris used to be the popular part of the area, very calm very quiet and most of families with 2/3 children NOW : This area is the new place to be, as far as the new artist and Bobos are relocated in such area. NOW / this area in very well located and asked from families as school, gardens and happy life from Batignolles is very crowed. NOW / ALL the LAW COURT is relocated in this are Very well located from restaurants, bars and food markets in the rue de Saint Ouen, rue de Clichy, Rue Pouchet. WHAT TO DO / Very closed from the place de clichy 15 mins walk , 5 mins by metro, al the night life by Paris you are expected will be at your disposal , cinemas, cabarets, spectacles, bars, dancing, nightclubs. I will be the best city guide for you in case of any need THE 60 M2 FL
921	"Appartement de 72m² tout équipé, parquet au sol, 5 étage sans ascenseur, salon avec canapé lit 2 pers, 2 jolies chambres (lit double), belle salle de bain, cuisine entièrement équipée (Frigo, four, micro ondes, lave vaisselle, lave linge). 6 couchages en tout. WIFI, TV, HiFi, linge WIFI, TV, HiFi, linge 6 couchages en tout. Par telephone, par mail, bouche à oreilles... Nous sommes amoureux de ce quartier ! Il est très vivant et typique de Paris (Bistros, terrasses, parc, cinéma, musée, Pigalle, Montmartre, marche des bâtignolles) Opéra à 15 min.  Champs Elysées à 20 min.  Montmartre à 10 min.  Notre Dame à 20 min. Nous vous avons concocté un récapitulatif des bons plans (culture, soirée, restaurant etc.) qui nous l'espérons vous permettront de découvrir Paris et toutes ses facettes. Accès transport en commun :  2 minutes à pied du Metro station ""Brochant"" ligne 13.  Bus (74, 54, 81).  Accès voiture porte de Clichy. Foreigners are most welcome, we do speak english and Leticia speaks ver"	Located in the western part of Paris in a really welcoming neighboorhood (17th), 2 min walk from the metro, 20min from Sacré Coeur (that you can see from the appartment), the flat is ideal to spend a week-end or more, full of light. We will be glad
922		Studio de 10 m2 très fonctionnel  Comprenant un lit BZ une télé un frigo de quoi se faire a manger table chaise pliante douche et wc  Bus et metro ligne 1 à 5 min a pied
923	Mon appartement est très calme. Chacun dispose de son intimité. Tous les commerces en bas de l'immeuble, le merveilleux square des épinette juste en face. L’Accès directe à la gare st Lazare pour visiter le tout paris... Une 5 éme personne peut dormir dans le canapé du salon...	Mon appartement est très calme. Chacun dispose de son intimité. Tous les commerces en bas de l'immeuble, le merveilleux square des épinette juste en face. L’Accès directe à la gare st Lazare pour visiter le tout paris... Une 5 éme personne peut dormir dans le canapé du salon...
924	- Métro Porte de Champerret à 1 min à pied (métro ligne 3) - Capacité maximale de 5 personnes grâce à 2 lits 160 x 200 et d'un lit simple 90 x 200. - Parquet ancien et cheminée - Cuisine neuve très bien équipée (gaz 5 feux, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle) et très spacieuse donnant sur un séjour confortable avec écran plat 81cm, internet haut débit wifi, chaîne hifi etc. - Lave-linge et sèche-linge de marque Bosch à disposition	Charming 2 Bedrooms/2 Bathrooms Apartment located in the 17th arrondissement on the groundfloor. The master bedroom has a queen bed and direct access to the bathroom, where there is a large shower, 2 wash basins, a washing machine and a dryer. You have access to the entire apartment This apartment is located on the west border of Paris, a few minutes away by metro from the Old Opera House or 15 min away by walking from the Arch of Triumph and the Monceau Garden, in a lively neighborhood, where you'll find nearby supermarkets, as well as bakeries, bars and typical restaurants. Metro station is only 2min away - Line 3 We can provide cribs if needed - just let us know
925	"Appartement de grand standing de 50m2. L'appartement est composé d'une cuisine américaine toute équipée, d'un salon avec un canapé lit 2 places et d'une chambre à coucher avec un lit ""king size"" de 2m/2m. L'appartement est équipé en tout moderne (cable, wifi optique, télé murale orientable, imprimante wifi etc) avec grande salle de bain (lave & sèche linge) Idéal pour un séjour touristique comme pour un déplacement professionnel. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes "	"Appartement de grand standing de 50m2. L'appartement est composé d'une cuisine américaine toute équipée, d'un salon avec un canapé lit 2 places et d'une chambre à coucher avec un lit ""king size"" de 2m/2m. L'appartement est équipé en tout moderne (cable, wifi optique, télé murale orientable, imprimante wifi etc) avec grande salle de bain (lave & sèche linge) Idéal pour un séjour touristique comme pour un déplacement professionnel. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes L'appartement se trouve en plein coeur de Paris, à 5mn à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs-Elysées - 10 min à pied du Palais des Congrès ou du Par Monceau Très bien desservi en métro (Ternes ligne 2) ou en bus (le 43), station au pied de l'appartement entre autres bus et métros Le quartier est commerçant et extrêmement central, ce qui permet un accès facile et proche à n'importe quel coin touristique de Paris. Il est proche à pied de la Place de L'Etoile et des Champs Elysées ou du Parc Monceau et du Palais des C"
926	Appartement cosy et charmant bien agencé. Au choix vous pourrez dormir soit sur la mezzanine (2 places) ou si vous préférez sur un matelas gonflable 2 places très confortable qui sera à disposition. Salle d'eau agréable et confortable. Un accès internet et Wifi ainsi qu'un iMac seront à votre disposition pour surfer.	Vous serez séduis par ce charmant studio de 23m2 idéalement situé dans le 17èm quartier des épinettes. L'appartement peut accueillir deux personnes, et est très calme puisqu'il donne sur une cour intérieure fleurie, garantie d'une agréable nuit. Appartement cosy et charmant bien agencé. Au choix vous pourrez dormir soit sur la mezzanine (2 places) ou si vous préférez sur un matelas gonflable 2 places très confortable qui sera à disposition. Salle d'eau agréable et confortable. Un accès internet et Wifi ainsi qu'un iMac seront à votre disposition pour surfer. draps fournis ainsi que gel douche, shampoing, sèche cheveux pour un gain de place dans votre valise :-) En cas de question n'hésitez pas à me contacter par mail et je vous répondrai rapidement :-) Quartier vivant très sympathique avec de bons restaurants et bars à proximité ainsi que de quoi faire ses courses alimentaires. A 15min à pieds vous pouvez rejoindre la rue des Abbesses ainsi que Montmartre ! La station de métro Guy Moqu
927		Appartement de 35m2 avec un petit Balcon. Très proche de tous les commerces, plein coeur des batignolles et très près du centre de Paris.
928	Charmant 2 pièces situé au 2e étage sans ascenseur, l'appartement est lumineux, confortable et tout équipé. Toutes les fenêtres donnent sur une jolie cour intérieure fleurie, l'appartement est donc très calme, zéro bruit la nuit (un luxe dans le centre de Paris !) 	Charmant 2p Square des Batignolles, 15min à pieds de Montmartre/Pigalle, 10min des Champs Elysées. Lumineux et cosy. Très calme, dans quartier vivant et agréable! Prix longue durée du 21 août au 7 septembre (dates flexibles)! Charmant 2 pièces situé au 2e étage sans ascenseur, l'appartement est lumineux, confortable et tout équipé. Toutes les fenêtres donnent sur une jolie cour intérieure fleurie, l'appartement est donc très calme, zéro bruit la nuit (un luxe dans le centre de Paris !) - Chambre séparée avec lit 140x190 en mezzanine et dressing. - Cuisine américaine ouverte sur le salon toute équipée (frigo, plaques vitrocéramique, hotte, four, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire, presse-agrume, etc...) - Grande pièce à vivre disposant d'un canapé-lit BZ (140x190), fauteuil, tables basses, poufs... - Salle de bain avec douche et lave-linge - WC suspendus séparés - Wifi fibre dans tout l'appartement Parisienne d'adoption, je serais ravie de vous indiquer toutes mes adresses favorites et de 
929	Ideally located : 2 minutes from Rome metro station and Bus lines  30, 53 and 66 ; 5 minutes from Levis street ; 10 minutes from Monceau park, 15 minutes from St Lazare metro and railway station and from the Galeries Lafayette, 20 minutes from Montmartre (walking times). Velib and Autolib stations. Many shops and groceries around. Fully furnished Kitchen : washing-machine, microwaves, oven and hotplates, fridge, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, dishes.   Living room : Wi-Fi Internet access, LCD TV, home cinema, printer Bedroom : queen size bed, drawers for your personal stuff, violin and guitar for musicians... You will also find all necessary things for babies (baby bed in the living room, bathtube and changing table in the bathroom, playing mat...) : we are indeed parents of a 10 months sweety baby ;-)	Our lovely flat is ideally located in the heart of the Batignolles. This neighbourhood is famous for its cafes and restaurants, as well as for its trendy shops, and is very easy to access with a lot of public transports (metros, buses, Velib). Ideally located : 2 minutes from Rome metro station and Bus lines  30, 53 and 66 ; 5 minutes from Levis street ; 10 minutes from Monceau park, 15 minutes from St Lazare metro and railway station and from the Galeries Lafayette, 20 minutes from Montmartre (walking times). Velib and Autolib stations. Many shops and groceries around. Fully furnished Kitchen : washing-machine, microwaves, oven and hotplates, fridge, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, dishes.   Living room : Wi-Fi Internet access, LCD TV, home cinema, printer Bedroom : queen size bed, drawers for your personal stuff, violin and guitar for musicians... You will also find all necessary things for babies (baby bed in the living room, bathtube and changing table in the bathroom, playing mat
930	60 m2 new and clean appt 	Huge appartment in the 17eme arrondissement. near Champs Elysées by feet, 10 min from Opera and 15 min from Le Marais by subway. Very comfortable, clean and new. 60 m2 new and clean appt 
931	Paris 17 ème arrondissement.  Grand studio en étage élevé avec ascenseur à proximité de l'étoile sans vis-à-vis avec vue sur jardin intérieur au calme orienté à l'ouest (soleil l'après-midi).  Salle de bains, wc séparés, cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, four, réfrigérateur avec congélateur, lave-linge, rangements, fer à repasser, volets électriques, parquet, porte (website hidden), internet sans fil, canapé-lit très confortable, table basse. Nombreux commerces et restaurants à proximité. Transports: Charles de Gaulle Etoile, Ternes, bus, RER	Paris 17 ème arrondissement.  Grand studio en étage élevé avec ascenseur à proximité de l'étoile sans vis-à-vis avec vue sur jardin intérieur au calme orienté à l'ouest (soleil l'après-midi). Salle de bains, wc séparés, cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, four, réfrigérateur avec congélateur, lave-linge, rangements, fer à repasser, volets électriques, parquet, porte (website hidden), internet sans fil, canapé-lit très confortable, table basse. Transports: Charles de Gaulle Etoile Ternes  Bus RER Paris 17 ème arrondissement.  Grand studio en étage élevé avec ascenseur à proximité de l'étoile sans vis-à-vis avec vue sur jardin intérieur au calme orienté à l'ouest (soleil l'après-midi).  Salle de bains, wc séparés, cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, four, réfrigérateur avec congélateur, lave-linge, rangements, fer à repasser, volets électriques, parquet, porte (website hidden), internet sans fil, canapé-lit très confortable, table basse. Nombreux commerces et restaurants à proxim
932	We are here to welcome you to paris and we propose several services in order to make our guests feel very confortable.	Brand new luxurious appartement with a wonderful terrace  in the centre of paris.  It is located few minutes away from champs elysée and very well served in terms of transportation and commodities.  It is It is brand new in a new complex which has a very nice garden with fountains.  It also has nice and big parking in the basement.
933	2 dedrooms, 2 double beds (1m60 and 1m40),  Bathroom with 2 sinks and bathtub. Big spacieux and cosy living room with open kitchen and dining table for 6. Bedroom on a calm courtyard Separate toilets. Wifi TV kitchen, (oven, micro wave, fridge, dishwasher) washing machine, drying machine, hair dryer.	2 dedrooms, 2 double beds (1m60 and 1m40),  Bathroom with 2 sinks and bathtub. Big spacieux and cosy living room with open kitchen and dining table for 6. Bedroom on a calm courtyard Separate toilets. Wifi TV kitchen, (oven, micro wave, fridge, dishwasher) washing machine, drying machine, hair dryer. Wifi TV kitchen, (oven, micro wave, fridge, dishwasher) washing machine, drying machine, hair dryer. Hifi stereo with jack cable for mp3 playing Please tell me a little about your trip and why you are staying in Paris when you contact me! I will not be living in the flat while your visit but will of course provide all the information for your stay. -CENTRAL:  10 minutes from Champs Elysées,  Montmartre and Opéra -LIVELY (restaurants, bars, cinéma, theatres, little shops, all food shops you need) In a village feeling neighborhood. -FAMILY (organic market on saturdays, shops, parc, church) -SECURE (The apartment is 50 meters away from the Police station in the same street) -CALM: Little stre
934	Studio calme, idéal pour un voyageur seul ou un couple. L'appartement est bien agencé et très lumineux, avec néanmoins des rideaux opaques pour la nuit. Quiet studio, the ideal deal for a lone traveler or a couple. The appartment is well laid out and very bright (with opaque curtains on the windows).	Situé à deux pas de la place de Clichy, ce studio de 20 m² est le parfait pied à terre pour visiter Paris! Peut loger 2 personnes, dans une rue calme avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Bien desservi par les transports. SEJOUR MINIMUM : 4 JOURS. Studio calme, idéal pour un voyageur seul ou un couple. L'appartement est bien agencé et très lumineux, avec néanmoins des rideaux opaques pour la nuit. Quiet studio, the ideal deal for a lone traveler or a couple. The appartment is well laid out and very bright (with opaque curtains on the windows). Canapé lit, cuisine équipée (frigo, four micro ondes, grille pain, bouilloire, plaques de cuisson, cafetière), douche, sèche cheveux, bureau, armoire. Appartement au 6ème étage avec ascenseur.  Sofa bed, fridge, micro-wave oven, toaster, kettle, hot plate, coffe maker, shower, hair drier, desk, wardrobe. The appartment is on the 6th floor (there's a lift!) Je ne serai pas présente dans le logment pendant le séjour des voyageurs. I will not stay in the
935	L'appartement est calme et agréable. 2 grandes chambres sont en location pour le mois d'aout avec chacune leur propre salle de bain. Ideal pour des couples en vacances dans notre belle capitale.  Le salon est cosy et bien équipé (tv, sono, console,...).  La cuisine est également opérationnelle (frigo, petit four electrique, micro-onde, plaques éléctriques). Lave linge à disposition.	Grande chambre spacieuse dans un bel appart' de 60m carré au coeur du 17ème à 10 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées. Très fonctionnel, tout équipé, parquet d'époque et belle hauteur sous plafond. Dispose de sa propre salle de bain. L'appartement est calme et agréable. 2 grandes chambres sont en location pour le mois d'aout avec chacune leur propre salle de bain. Ideal pour des couples en vacances dans notre belle capitale.  Le salon est cosy et bien équipé (tv, sono, console,...).  La cuisine est également opérationnelle (frigo, petit four electrique, micro-onde, plaques éléctriques). Lave linge à disposition. Accès aux voyageurs à toute heure La seconde chambre est également en location donc les parties communes sont à partager (cuisine, salon, toilette) Partie sud du 17ème arrondissement, proche Ternes et à 10 minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et dans Champs Elysées Place Perreire à 3 minutes à pied avec son métro (ligne 3) et quantités de bus rayonnants dans tout Paris.
936	Charming apartment of 270 feet² on the 1st floor with elevator of a high standards building. The apartment is located between the 8th and 17th districts, close from the Champs Elysees. Very quiet and bright, you will enjoy a private and furnished terrace of the same surface (540 feet² in total).  Very rare in Paris, this little place of tranquility without any face to face neighborhood makes this apartment an exceptionnal place to stay. The studio is cozy and perfect for couples who want to spend few days in the capital, enjoy the charm of Paris and take sun bathes on the terrace. Enjoy a fully furnished kitchen (fridge, oven, micro-wave, a kitchen hood and hobs) and all the utensils you will need for your meals. A Nespresso coffee machine and free capsules are also available for your pleasure. A private WIFI connection, a flat screen and speakers will also take care of your moments of relaxation. For your comfort, linen and towels are provided.  Ideally located in the charming pedestr	Charming apartment fully equipped, functional and cozy ideally located in a legendary street of Paris with a private furnished terrace making this apartment an exceptional place Charming apartment of 270 feet² on the 1st floor with elevator of a high standards building. The apartment is located between the 8th and 17th districts, close from the Champs Elysees. Very quiet and bright, you will enjoy a private and furnished terrace of the same surface (540 feet² in total).  Very rare in Paris, this little place of tranquility without any face to face neighborhood makes this apartment an exceptionnal place to stay. The studio is cozy and perfect for couples who want to spend few days in the capital, enjoy the charm of Paris and take sun bathes on the terrace. Enjoy a fully furnished kitchen (fridge, oven, micro-wave, a kitchen hood and hobs) and all the utensils you will need for your meals. A Nespresso coffee machine and free capsules are also available for your pleasure. A private WIFI c
937	The flat can accommodate 3 people (but maximum 5 people if necessary).  There is a bedroom with a double bed, a smaller guest bedroom with a single bed and it is possible to sleep in the living room sofa (2 places ), although in this room is brighter. 	This charming and sunny flat will be perfect for an authentic parisian experience... The flat can accommodate 3 people (but maximum 5 people if necessary).  There is a bedroom with a double bed, a smaller guest bedroom with a single bed and it is possible to sleep in the living room sofa (2 places ), although in this room is brighter. In the kitchen, there are always a little bit of food and drinks in the fridge, breakfast... The bathroom is separated. All utilities are included (cold & hot water, electricity, INTERNET (wifi),  heating etc.)  All furnished, sheets, towels and flatware supplied. The flat is on the fourth floor and easy to access for everybody. Easy interactions; i am used to check my emails, and use my phone for my job. So for sure, it will be easy to discuss together, and I will be happy to help and give you some advice if needed The neighborhood is lively, the Rue de la Jonquière host lots of shops... The Epinette and Martin Luther King Squares (greats gardens in Pari
938	situé à 20mn de marche de ma place charle de Gaulle étoile,wifi dispo,location,prix/nuit: 60 euro, semaine: 400 euro ,mois/1600 euro	"charmant studio, de 35 m,situé dans une résidence sécurisée au 5 étage avec ascenseur ,composé d'une entrée ,séjour,coin lit (avec un lit confortable pour 2 adultes,plus un canapé ), kitchenette ,salle de bain,situé à 5 mn en bus et 20 mn de marche, OUI charmant studio, de 35 m,situé dans une résidence sécurisée au 5 étage avec ascenseur ,composé d'une entrée ,séjour,coin lit (avec un lit confortable pour 2 adultes,plus un canapé), kitchenette ,salle de bain,situé à 5 mn en bus et 20 mn de marche ""2km""(, de l'arc de Triomphe(champs Elysée) ,il y'a toutes les commodités et commerces autour!!wifi dispo,metro ligne 3 station Wagram,proche du périph ,, metro wagram ligne 3 -Location minimum 3nuits: 180 euro"
939	Located on a first floor without elevator, the apartment has a large window opening on a tiny cour.  Recently renovated the choice of colors, the ambiance, the linen will put the visitor in a relaxing conditions.	At 5min walk from Champs Elysées and Arc de Triumph, the tiny studio is at 400m from the Air France coaches linking Arc de Triumph and Paris airports.  well decorated.
940	"In a ""second empire"" building, in heart of famous ""Rue des Dames"" in Batignolles area, a very nice, trendy and comfortable flat. Cosy and art déco, this apartment has been totaly renovated in january 2013. Plenty of new equipment, new bed, new window, tableware, home appliance  and new bathroom.  The street is really lively but the flat is quite as it is on courtyard.  Brightly as it is 6th floor (lift) The street is plenty of restaurants (french food, Japanese food, italian food). Le bistrot de Dames is a typical kind small restaurant (18 rue des dames). There is also the famous parisian ""Brasseries"" as WEPLER and CHARLOT (place Clichy, 3 mn by walk) The apartment is 7 mn to Montmartre, 11 mn to Eurostar and TGV Station, 10 mn to department stores or Champs Elysées. "	"In a ""second empire"" building, in heart of famous ""Rue des Dames"" in Batignolles area, a very nice, trendy and comfortable flat. Cosy and art déco, this apartment has been totaly renovated in january 2013. Plenty of new equipment, new bed, new window, tableware, home appliance  and new bathroom.  The street is really lively but the flat is quite as it is on courtyard.  Brightly as it is 6th floor (lift) The street is plenty of restaurants (french food, Japanese food, italian food). Le bistrot de Dames is a typical kind small restaurant (18 rue des dames). There is also the famous parisian ""Brasseries"" as WEPLER and CHARLOT (place Clichy, 3 mn by walk) The apartment is 7 mn to Montmartre, 11 mn to Eurostar and TGV Station, 10 mn to department stores or Champs Elysées. "
941	4th floor apartment with a lift, very calm and light, south exposure, situated in the  typically Parisien district of Les Batignolles. The neighbourhood is calm and family orientated with lots of local and practical shops (open on sundays) in the immediate surrounding.  It's a four rooms apartment. The first bedroom has a double bed, and the second bedroom has a desk space and two simple beds which can morph into a double bed if needed. There are two bathrooms: one with a bath and one with a shower. There's also a double sofa bed in the living room as well as TV with foreign channels, telephone, wifi internet and hifi system. The kitchen is equiped with a fridge, freezer, toaster, coffee machine, oven, electric stove and washing machine. If needed, a baby chair and bed can be provided. Sheets and towels are provided.  	Appartement au 4eme étage avec ascenseur, très calme et ensoleillé, exposition sud, situé dans le quartier des Batignolles, typiquement parisien. Quartier familial avec nombreux commerces (ouverts le dimanche). A proximité de nombreux sites touristiq 4th floor apartment with a lift, very calm and light, south exposure, situated in the  typically Parisien district of Les Batignolles. The neighbourhood is calm and family orientated with lots of local and practical shops (open on sundays) in the immediate surrounding.  It's a four rooms apartment. The first bedroom has a double bed, and the second bedroom has a desk space and two simple beds which can morph into a double bed if needed. There are two bathrooms: one with a bath and one with a shower. There's also a double sofa bed in the living room as well as TV with foreign channels, telephone, wifi internet and hifi system. The kitchen is equiped with a fridge, freezer, toaster, coffee machine, oven, electric stove and washing machine. I
942	"Welcome home! In the heart of Batignolles you'll enjoy a great location. The appartment is located in the well-known street ""rue de Lévis"", close from all commodoties, subway and the Monceau parc.  Even if the neighborhood is animated, the environment is really safe and the appartment very calm. (Rare in Paris!) The appartment may welcome 1 or 2 people (3 is possible, the sofa is convertible in single bed). It's fully equiped. "	"Charming, Cosy and Calm 1 bedroom apt (24m²) May welcome 3 people max.  Métro Villiers (400m), lines 2 and 3. Very nice neighborhood : Paris Batignolles, Safe and very Charming  Daily market, all commodities, parc, bars and restaurants.  Welcome home! In the heart of Batignolles you'll enjoy a great location. The appartment is located in the well-known street ""rue de Lévis"", close from all commodoties, subway and the Monceau parc.  Even if the neighborhood is animated, the environment is really safe and the appartment very calm. (Rare in Paris!) The appartment may welcome 1 or 2 people (3 is possible, the sofa is convertible in single bed). It's fully equiped.  Main room :  - kitchen fully equiped (with a coffee maker) - 1 table with four chairs - 1 sofa (convertible in single bed) Bedroom : - 1 private bathroom with shower, washbasin and toilet - 1 bed 140x200 cm No elevator in the building. The appartement is on the 2nd floor. I'm am reachable anytime by phone or email in french or e"
943		1 pièce avec salle de bain peut accueillir 2 personnes + 2 personnes dans le canapé-lit (groupe de potes!) Super central (Place de Clichy lignes 2 et 13) Idéal pour weekend en amoureux ou fêtards au pied de Montmartre, Pigalle et des Batignolles  Disponible par téléphone / sms /  mail tout au long de la location Tous commerces à proximité :  Supermarché discount au pied de l'immeuble, tabac et boulangerie en face, restaurants à 5 minutes à pieds, laverie à 2 minutes, quartier animé bars/discothèques à moins de 15 minutes à pieds Métro lignes 2 et 13 à 3 minutes à pieds
944	Advantages: - The assets of the apartment is that it is bright and spacious.  - The livingroom is very cosy, and quiet. - The kitchen is big enough to cook anything you want (there is an oven, a microwave, and  a ceramic hob). - The fact that it is divided in two floors is great, because everything is separated. Disadvantages: - The apartment is located on the 5th floor - The toilets can be cold 	"Bright and spacious 45 square meter apartment located in Paris, divided in two floors. Advantages: - The assets of the apartment is that it is bright and spacious.  - The livingroom is very cosy, and quiet. - The kitchen is big enough to cook anything you want (there is an oven, a microwave, and  a ceramic hob). - The fact that it is divided in two floors is great, because everything is separated. Disadvantages: - The apartment is located on the 5th floor - The toilets can be cold Phone & Text Messages + Emails We will leave a note with some tips and indications about our area and Paris in general to make you have a wonderful trip! Our neighbourhood is very interesting since it is a ""working class"" street, but where you can meet all kinds of people.  It is 5mn of walking distance to the Batignolles, and 20 minutes to Montmartre. Subway:  Line 13 La Fourche & Brochant Bus: Line 74 & 54 Legendre"
945		A nice double-bed room in my studio for rent. Short term stays only.  For further details on the flat see the description in the other listing or drop me a message.  
946	It's a 60m2 flat with two bedrooms, one bathroom, and a kitchen. The flat is integrally equipped (television, washing machine, dish washer...). 	Very cute flat in the 17th district, really close to the great neighborhood
947	We offer you a charming 2 bedroom apartment in the Batignolles, completed with a sunny terrace overlooking a quiet courtyard with flowers . The stone walls and ceiling beams give a unique character to this apartment which aspires to escape in central Paris.	Welcome to hour our apartment. This a quiet and cosy 2 bedroom flat (55 sqm2) with terrace, in the heart of Batignolles, 10 minutes away from Montmartre and 15 from Champs Elysées. Enjoy our equipment (Bose, Apple TV, dryer, Sofitel bed,).  We offer you a charming 2 bedroom apartment in the Batignolles, completed with a sunny terrace overlooking a quiet courtyard with flowers . The stone walls and ceiling beams give a unique character to this apartment which aspires to escape in central Paris. You have access to the whole apartment and the terrace. We are available to talk with you and bring you all the information you need by email, or on the site. We will be present to if possible, to welcome you at our home. Our apartment is located in the heart of Batignolles, on the square. It is located 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and 15 minutes from the Champs Elysees. Both young and family can enjoy many typical restaurants and bars which animate the life of the neighborhood. The nearest un
948	Cosy 40m2 (430 sq ft) studio apartment located between two very nice areas of Paris : Les Batignolles and Villiers, between Montmartre, Saint-Lazare and Le Parc Monceau filled with nice restaurants and bars, making it a very nice place to stay. It is also a 15 min walk from Les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette and Printemps) or 20 min from Les Champs-Elysées ! The appartement is closed to the metro (Villiers, Rome, Saint-Lazare), the bus services and there is a bike station down the building. In the area, you will find many stores: bakeries, groceries, restaurants and shops.  This studio is recommended for couples looking for a nice place to stay for a short time (couple of days to one or two weeks). To note: access to the apartment without elevator. 5th floors, what can be a little bit difficult for the old people and very young children.  A bientôt !	Cosy 40m2 (430 sq ft) studio apartment located between two very nice areas of Paris : Les Batignolles and Villiers, between Montmartre, Saint-Lazare and Le Parc Monceau filled with nice restaurants and bars, making it a very nice place to stay. It is also a 15 min walk from Les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette and Printemps) or 20 min from Les Champs-Elysées ! The appartement is closed to the metro (Villiers, Rome, Saint-Lazare), the bus services and there is a bike station down the building. In the area, you will find many stores: bakeries, groceries, restaurants and shops.  This studio is recommended for couples looking for a nice place to stay for a short time (couple of days to one or two weeks). To note: access to the apartment without elevator. 5th floors, what can be a little bit difficult for the old people and very young children.  A bientôt !
949		Beautiful 30 m2 studio in Batignolles. Fully equipped, large living room/bed room, kitchen (oven, microwave ...) and large bath-room. Very well furnished. All is offered by Pierre-Olivier, 28 years old, lawyer and as friendly as his flat!  
950	Bel appartement haussmannien de 67 m², avec parquet, composé de deux chambres, d'un salon, d'une salle de bains, de toilettes séparées et d'une cuisine.  L'appartement est situé au pied du parc Martin Luther King et à 2 minutes de toutes commodités (transports, restaurants et cafés, marché des Batignolles...).	Chambre tout confort de 13 m², au calme, dans notre bel appartement haussmannien de 67 m², idéalement situé à Paris 17, au coeur du village des Batignolles. Avec lit double et rangements. Accès libre cuisine, sdb, toilettes, salon. Internet par WIFI. Bel appartement haussmannien de 67 m², avec parquet, composé de deux chambres, d'un salon, d'une salle de bains, de toilettes séparées et d'une cuisine.  L'appartement est situé au pied du parc Martin Luther King et à 2 minutes de toutes commodités (transports, restaurants et cafés, marché des Batignolles...). Idéalement placé au coeur du village des Batignolles (marché couvert, bars et restaurants, parc Martin Luther King). A 2min du métro Brochant, 20min à pieds des quartiers Montmartre et Pigalle. Le week-end, les horaires d'arrivée et de départ sont plus flexibles. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour toute recommandation dont vous pourriez avoir besoin (sorties, restaurants, transports, lieux culturels, etc.). Le secteur des Batignoll
951	Le plus du logement est qu'il comprend un jardin privatif de 15 m2 environ dans lequel on peut petit déjeuner le matin ou tout simplement y passer du temps pour profiter du soleil durant l'été. 	Charmant Loft de 40 m2 refait à neuf récemment. Il comprend un spacieux coin salon, un coin lit et un troisième coin table à manger dans la pièce principale avec une cuisine américaine donnant sur l'espace table à manger. Le plus du logement est qu'il comprend un jardin privatif de 15 m2 environ dans lequel on peut petit déjeuner le matin ou tout simplement y passer du temps pour profiter du soleil durant l'été. l'appartement se situe dans le bloc touristique du 17eme arrondissement, en face du célèbre Hotel Hayatt Regency et du palais des congrès, à quelques centaines de mètres de l'Hotel le Méridien ou encore du parc Monceau.   Pour ceux qui souhaitent être à proximité des champs élysées, c'est l'emplacement idéal !  Une station de métro vous sépare de l'Arc de triomphe, une dizaine de minutes à pied et vous atterrissez sur l'avenue des champs élysées ou encore 5 minutes en bus. De nombreux transports sont à proximité : Metro, Bus, RER, stations de taxi... L'emplacement est très bien
952	The apartment has nice furnitures, and perfect for a long stay to live like a real parisian. On the fifth floor, the residence is calm in a small street. Restaurants, café, shops, are really close from the flat. The bedroom has large closet with a large and confortable bed. The living room has a sofa, a desk and a dining table. The separated kitchen is all equipped and the bathroom has a bath and a washing machine.	Nice apartment located close to the Porte Maillot area, in a quiet street, on the 5th floor with lift. Perfect for a long stayto live like a real parisian. The apartment has nice furnitures, and perfect for a long stay to live like a real parisian. On the fifth floor, the residence is calm in a small street. Restaurants, café, shops, are really close from the flat. The bedroom has large closet with a large and confortable bed. The living room has a sofa, a desk and a dining table. The separated kitchen is all equipped and the bathroom has a bath and a washing machine. All is free access in the (website hidden), internet wifi, etc... I will welcome you myself and introduce you the apartment and give you some tips about Paris. The neighborhood is great. It is a residential district in Paris, with all the amenities around. Metro or bus are just close by the apartment
953	The appartment has a wifi connexion. It is equiped with everything you need to cook. It is very cosy : parquet and marble floors, nice beams, old charming fireplace. It is 10 min walk far from the Arc of Triomph and the Champs Elysées. You have direct subway lines going to the Louvre (15min), Bastille (20min), Montmatre (20min), the Eiffel Tower (15min), Notre Dame (25min). The appartment is also close to good restaurants and bakeries. Buses from Beauvais Airport, Charles de Gaulle Airport and Orly Airport arrive directly at 2min walk far from the appartment. It is a great location to visit Paris and a peaceful cosy appatment to rest at night!	"The appartment has a wifi connexion. It is equiped with everything you need to cook. It is very cosy : parquet and marble floors, nice beams, old charming fireplace. It is 10 min walk far from the Arc of Triomph and the Champs Elysées. You have direct subway lines going to the Louvre (15min), Bastille (20min), Montmatre (20min), the Eiffel Tower (15min), Notre Dame (25min). The appartment is also close to good restaurants and bakeries. Buses from Beauvais Airport, Charles de Gaulle Airport and Orly Airport arrive directly at 2min walk far from the appartment. It is a great location to visit Paris and a peaceful cosy appatment to rest at night! There a two bedrooms, I am in one of them. I can help you anytime you need before and during your stay. It is a very nice and safe neighbourhood. There are lots of different kind a good restaurants around the appartement : very good french food (bistrots, gastronomiques, regional cuisine), very good italien food, indian food, etc. The ""Place Sain"
954	This 85sqm apartment has two bedrooms with two bathrooms. It can sleep a total of six people. The entrance hall leads to the main room. The living-room features a sofabed (two sleeps 140x190), an elegant wooden coffee table with its four matching seats, a nice leather armchair, a large high definition television and an ethanol fireplace. The living area features a dining table (since december 2014, the pictures will be updated shortly), it can accommodate six people. A lovely terrace with a table and three chairs will enable you to have your breakfast enjoying the quiet environment, even in winter as it has an outside heater. You will have this delicious feeling to be far away from the city. From the living-room, a small corridor leads to the first bedroom. It features two single beds (80x190). You can also put them together and have a large double bed (160x190). A desk will enable you to work in a quiet place. You can also access the terrace from this bedroom (and reach the living-roo	Wonderful 85sqm 2-bedroom apartment to rent for six people in Paris close to Place des Ternes. Well organized, nothing but high quality features. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a terrace...You will love this place ! This 85sqm apartment has two bedrooms with two bathrooms. It can sleep a total of six people. The entrance hall leads to the main room. The living-room features a sofabed (two sleeps 140x190), an elegant wooden coffee table with its four matching seats, a nice leather armchair, a large high definition television and an ethanol fireplace. The living area features a dining table (since december 2014, the pictures will be updated shortly), it can accommodate six people. A lovely terrace with a table and three chairs will enable you to have your breakfast enjoying the quiet environment, even in winter as it has an outside heater. You will have this delicious feeling to be far away from the city. From the living-room, a small corridor leads to the first bedroom. It features two
955	Very quiet and bright appartment, very confortable.	Very quiet and bright 2 rooms appartment. Ten minuts walk from Montmartre in a nice area.  Beautifull view from the window (parisoan roofs and trees) Very quiet and bright appartment, very confortable. Many metro and bus lines to doscover Paris. Nice walks around Montmartre from the appartment. I'd be glad to give advices to my guest about what to visit, where to walk or eat, as I know my town very well and love it! Many shops, bars, restaurant are located in the neighborhood, and aloso nice places to visit! Many metro and bus lines.
956	Typical spacious 592 sq ft Parisian style apartment with modern deco. You will feel home as soon as you step in the house.	"Fully furnished spacious (592 sq ft / 55 m2) 1 bedroom apartment located in a very calm and safe neighbourhood - Parisian modern deco. Minutes walk to Arc de Triomphe, restaurants, markets, subway, groceries store. Typical spacious 592 sq ft Parisian style apartment with modern deco. You will feel home as soon as you step in the house. You will enjoy the whole apartment which includes 1 comfy bedroom, a cosy living room, a bathroom, and a kitchen with all you need to cook. We want you to feel home so feel free to call, text or email me for any enquiries during your journey. Parisians would describe the area named ""Ternes"" as posh, calm, safe and so enjoyable to live as it is located within walking distance to restaurants, shops, groceries, local street market, etc. You will feel like a Parisian! The apartment is located 5 minutes walk from two main subway stations: Ternes (Line 2) and Perreire (Line 3). Both lines are very convenient to travel across Paris (Opera, Sacré coeur, etc.)"
957	35m2 flat with separate kitchen & bathroom (with bath/shower). 17m2 private courtyard with sun from  morning till afternoon - You'll find it a great place to start your day with a brunch or to kick off your shoes in the evening and relax.  Located on the first floor (with elevator) of a secured building with concierge, you'll find rental bikes (Velib) & rental cars (Autolib) just in front of the building.  At certain dates, our parking space in the same building is also available.   The apartment itself is very quiet, as it is located at the backside of the building, looking out on gardens - you'll wake up hearing the birds!  The flat has just been renovated - most equipment is brand new.  The main room holds a comfortable,  1,60 m double bed (this is : wider than a US Queen size) & a sofa convertible into a 1,60 m bed with high quality mattress, a small dining table & TV. Free Wifi internet access (fiber). The kitchen is equipped with an oven (combi traditional/microwave), 2  new indu	Live like a Parisian! Quiet & cosy flat 5' by foot to Arc de Triomphe & Champs Elysées. Ideally located in a secure building, close to subway & all Paris landmarks.You'll enjoy the sunny 17m2 terrace & the chic & lively neighborhood full of shops 35m2 flat with separate kitchen & bathroom (with bath/shower). 17m2 private courtyard with sun from  morning till afternoon - You'll find it a great place to start your day with a brunch or to kick off your shoes in the evening and relax.  Located on the first floor (with elevator) of a secured building with concierge, you'll find rental bikes (Velib) & rental cars (Autolib) just in front of the building.  At certain dates, our parking space in the same building is also available.   The apartment itself is very quiet, as it is located at the backside of the building, looking out on gardens - you'll wake up hearing the birds!  The flat has just been renovated - most equipment is brand new.  The main room holds a comfortable,  1,60 m double bed 
958	Chambre à coucher avec sa petite salle-de-bain particulière plus 1 pièce avec sa grande table dans mon appartement au 4éme étage sur cour, tranquille.  Les draps et serviettes de toilettes sont fournis.  Seule la cuisine est partagée, avec plaques chauffantes et frigidaire. Vous pouvez y préparer vos repas.  Le quartier est très agréable avec ses nombreux commerçants ouverts tous les jours de la semaine et tard le soir, ses restaurants délicieux, ses terrasses de café et de brasseries.  A 5mn à pied, vous pourrez profiter du très chic Parc Monceau, du typique Jardin Des Batignolles ou bien aussi, du récent Parc Marthin LutherKing pour vous détendre ou pour un jogging.  A 2mn à pied de la célèbre rue de Lévis et de son marché permanent.  Le samedi matin à 10mn du marché Bio des Batignolles. En 25mn à pied, en traversant le Parc Monceau, vous arrivez  à l'Arc de Triomphe et aux Champs-Elysées.  En 25mn à pied en suivant le verdoyant boulevard Perreire vous arrivez au Palais des Congrès. 	A bedroom + a room with a big table + shower room in a fla on the 4th floor of artist, courtyard quiet . Access to kitchen with hob and fridge . Very nice neighborhood . Several bus and subway. Tons of cafés, boutiques, local markets around. Wifi. Bedroom and a private bathroom with a dining room and a kitchen.
959	There is a big bed for two and a sofa that transform to two persons bed. You can enjoy the garden, as also use the BBQ if you want.	In the famous pedestrian street (Rue de Levis), 3min to metro Villiers (Line 2 or 3), you will have all the apartment for yourself, with a private garden just for you. There is a big bed for two and a sofa that transform to two persons bed. You can enjoy the garden, as also use the BBQ if you want. You will have your own keys to access the appart, and a friend of mine will welcome you. If you bring me a postcard from your country, that would be a wonderful gift !! The neighborhood is very nice, you can buy fresh fruits and vegetables everyday, and any kind of meat you need in one the butchers. There are also some cloths' shops and a supermarket within a 1min walking distance. Champs Elysées is only 4 metro stations away or 15min on foot. The metro is 3min on foot from the apartment. There are 3 Velib stations within 3min walk.
960	Because the apartment building is in the courtyard, it is very quiet and calm both at night and during the day. The apartment is small (34 m2) but in it you will find much comfort and all amenities necessary.	"This is a cozy one-bedroom apartment located in the lively Batignolles neighbourhood in the 17th arrondissement. You can walk to Montmartre, Champs-Elysée and the Saint-Lazare shopping area and catch a 15 min metro ride to the center of paris. Because the apartment building is in the courtyard, it is very quiet and calm both at night and during the day. The apartment is small (34 m2) but in it you will find much comfort and all amenities necessary. We will not be around but will be easy to contact via email. Our good friend will be the one to greet you and will take great care of you. This is both a ""family oriented"" and ""hip"" neighbourhood. So you find bars, cafés, and restaurants all over, but also parks and playgrounds, Farmers markets, movie theatres etc…  It is situated at the border with the 18th and 9th arrondisement so you can walk easily to Montmartre, Saint-Lazare and Champs Elysées. It is 2 mins walking from metro La Fourche  (line 13) and less than 5 minutes walking from me"
961	Atypical and cozy very well located 2 bedrooms flat, close to the metro (10m), to Batignoles and Galeries Lafayette. This well thought out apartment can accommodate both a small family because it has a child's room, up to 3 travelers as there is a (1,5 place) sofa bed in the nursery. Typical Parisian apartment, with charm, warm, very bright with 6 windows facing south, windows with double glazing, 3rd floor, very well connected to line 13 which is just at the foot of the building and several bus lines. F2 fully equipped, enjoy the Paris of its people for a much lower price than a hotel. You will be welcomed for keys by me and I'll make an entire presentation of the apartment. Also for the return of the keys. Bed linen and towels are provided in the rental. WIFI included.	A Parisian 2 bedrooms flat, cozy, very well located and serviced, 6 windows facing south, both for a small family with its children's room, as for a couple + friends with convertible sofa. Enjoy the Paris of its inhabitants! Atypical and cozy very well located 2 bedrooms flat, close to the metro (10m), to Batignoles and Galeries Lafayette. This well thought out apartment can accommodate both a small family because it has a child's room, up to 3 travelers as there is a (1,5 place) sofa bed in the nursery. Typical Parisian apartment, with charm, warm, very bright with 6 windows facing south, windows with double glazing, 3rd floor, very well connected to line 13 which is just at the foot of the building and several bus lines. F2 fully equipped, enjoy the Paris of its people for a much lower price than a hotel. You will be welcomed for keys by me and I'll make an entire presentation of the apartment. Also for the return of the keys. Bed linen and towels are provided in the rental. WIFI inc
962	Very well located in a typical Parisian neighborhood ,close of subway and bus station (less than 5 mn walking) all facilities within walking distance in an affordable friendly and animated part of Paris	Cosy flat of 64 M2 in Paris Batignolles near Place de Clichy ,Montmartre ,Pigalle in the heart of Paris in a quiet street. 2 nice and confortable bedrooms , a nice kitchen and living room to relax and enjoy your Parisian stay as if you were home. Very well located in a typical Parisian neighborhood ,close of subway and bus station (less than 5 mn walking) all facilities within walking distance in an affordable friendly and animated part of Paris All furniture ,High speed internet ,nice flat screen  Phone ,internet ,English spoken and written Quiet ,international ,secure and with all facilities needed during a visit or a stay. Les Batignolles are on the rise in Paris with a lot of typical bar cafe and restaurant where you will enjoy a taste of the modern Parisian life every day of the week. By car ,taxi ,subway or bus
963	Large fully furnished and equipped apartment, recently renovated, in perfect condition. Former artist residence with an original architectural style. 2 comfortable small bedrooms, fully-equipped open-plan kitchen, office on the top floor (duplex), bar and 3D home cinema in the basement, bathroom with sauna, and small inner courtyard.   Right in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, in a chic and animated area. Very close to the Champs-Elysees and the Parc Monceau. Very good public transport connection. Ideal for 3 adults or for a family with 2 children. Short and medium terms renting or pied-à-terre. 	Large fully furnished and equipped apartment, recently renovated, in perfect condition. Former artist residence with an original architectural style. 2 comfortable small bedrooms, fully-equipped open-plan kitchen, office on the top floor (duplex), bar and 3D home cinema in the basement, bathroom with sauna, and small inner courtyard.   Right in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, in a chic and animated area. Very close to the Champs-Elysees and the Parc Monceau. Very good public transport connection. Ideal for 3 adults or for a family with 2 children. Short and medium terms renting or pied-à-terre. Parc monceau à 300M. Champs Elysées à 2/3 Stations de Métro Par Internet / Par téléphone  Calme, quartier des Ambassadesn et du Parc Monceau. Métro. Monceau Minimum 3 nuits et prix degressifs
964	Studio cosy de 15m2, fonctionnel et décoré simplement. Profitez du calme de l'appartement situé au 6e étage (avec ascenseur jusqu'au 5e étage) sur cour. Le studio, typiquement Parisien, est baigné de soleil de midi jusqu'au soir. Il est tout équipé : four, micro-ondes, plaque, penderie, vaisselle.	A 15m2 cosy studio in the very heart of the 17th arrondissement, between Viliers, Rome and Brochant stations. Enjoy this very typical neighborhood of Paris: the charm of the Rue de Lévis market, lively restaurants and bars... Please, feel like home ! In the very heart of The Batignolles. One of the most pleasant neighborhood of Paris. Between the Villiers, Rome and Brochant stations (subway lines 2, 3 and 13). Enjoy this very typical neighborhood of Paris : the charm of the Rue de Lévis market, lively restaurants and bars in the Batignolles… You can also take a walk in the Parc Monceau, then continue your path to the Champs-Elysées ! Between the Villiers, Rome and Brochant stations (subway lines 2, 3 and 13).
965	Ce petit nid douillet a été refait à neuf l'année dernière et est donc en très bon état. Il bénéficie de deux fenêtres donnant sur les toits de Paris, le rendant très clair et lumineux. Sa taille de 18m2 le rend parfait pour deux personnes, étant bien agencé et équipé. Il se situe au 7ème et dernier étage accessible uniquement par les escaliers. Cela peut sembler difficile mais l'on s'y fait rapidement, surtout lorsque l'on découvre la vue à l'arrivée !	Vous passerez un agréable séjour dans ce petit nid douillet avec son lit confort, ses fauteuils, sa cuisine équipée, sa salle de bain et sa vue dégagée sur les toits ! Dans un quartier calme, à deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe et de toutes commodités ! Ce petit nid douillet a été refait à neuf l'année dernière et est donc en très bon état. Il bénéficie de deux fenêtres donnant sur les toits de Paris, le rendant très clair et lumineux. Sa taille de 18m2 le rend parfait pour deux personnes, étant bien agencé et équipé. Il se situe au 7ème et dernier étage accessible uniquement par les escaliers. Cela peut sembler difficile mais l'on s'y fait rapidement, surtout lorsque l'on découvre la vue à l'arrivée ! Vous pourrez accéder à tout l'appartement et à ses équipements : chambre avec lit et penderie, salon, cuisine avec frigo, plaques vitrocéramiques, évier, vaisselle et four, salle de bain avec cabine de douche, lavabo, miroir et WC-sanibroyeur. Je serai disponible par mail ou téléphone pour v
966	Un jardin dans Paris rend cet appartement unique pour profiter d'un déjeuner sur la terrasse privée sans vis à vis, au calme ou lire un livre dans la chaise longue. L'appartement est entièrement vitré sur le jardin privatif, comme un tableau de verdure. Vous adorerez vous réveiller avec cette vue depuis le lit.  Le logement dispose d'une pièce à vivre dotée d'un canapé-lit très confortable (avec véritable matelas), d'une table pour prendre les repas avec trois chaises, Une cuisine séparée avec divers rangements, frigo, évier, égouttoir, plan de travail, deux plaques gaz, grille pain, bouilloire, vaisselle et lave linge/sèche linge. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire (serviettes de bain et produits pour la douche fournis), d'un lavabo, de rangements et un renfoncement avec WC. Deux voyageurs peuvent y séjourner.	Studio Loft dans le 17ème arrondissement entièrement vitré sur terrasse et jardin privé, sans vis à vis à 2 minutes du métro Brochant, ligne 13. 25m2. Canapé-lit avec surmatelas à mémoire de forme. SdB avec baignoire. Cuisine indépendante. Calme, cosy, atypique en plein Paris : magique. Un jardin dans Paris rend cet appartement unique pour profiter d'un déjeuner sur la terrasse privée sans vis à vis, au calme ou lire un livre dans la chaise longue. L'appartement est entièrement vitré sur le jardin privatif, comme un tableau de verdure. Vous adorerez vous réveiller avec cette vue depuis le lit.  Le logement dispose d'une pièce à vivre dotée d'un canapé-lit très confortable (avec véritable matelas), d'une table pour prendre les repas avec trois chaises, Une cuisine séparée avec divers rangements, frigo, évier, égouttoir, plan de travail, deux plaques gaz, grille pain, bouilloire, vaisselle et lave linge/sèche linge. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire (serviettes de bain et prod
967	"Formerly Sarah Bernhardt's sculpture workshop at the end of her carrer on one  side of the Loft. A 40 M2 canopy awaits you, bright light during the day, cosi at night with a ""louge"" area on the first floor. And with an other side much more classical (Hardwood floors as well, fireplace in the master bedroom, another liviung room, with a huge screen, Blue-Ray, all high-tech' gear you might need (optical fiber Wifi, 2 screen  IMac at your disposition, printer, Bose music output, Guitars, bass, keryboards for the players, 3 tV's for the watchers, big dinning table and fully equiped open kitchen for the cooks. Bathtube:shower, towels, sheets, soap and shampoo on site of course, as well as ""first aid kit"" for breakfast (coffe/tea/marmelades etc. just get the ""croissants"", at  15 yards from the house:). King (Or Queen ) size bed (anyway, it's huhe), with a very compfy convertible caouch for 2 extra guests  (on request). Blue-Ray, quiet a few plants... and... let the pictures talk...:-)"	"Lovely Loft & appt, w/ fireplace, woodfloor, a 40m2 canopy in the ""Loft"" area, open kitchen/bar Fully equiped (3 TVs, Imac, optical Wifi, etc.) All stores, bus, tube, cabs nearby, 15' walk to Les Champs Elysées, manager on site, absolutely noise-free Formerly Sarah Bernhardt's sculpture workshop at the end of her carrer on one  side of the Loft. A 40 M2 canopy awaits you, bright light during the day, cosi at night with a ""louge"" area on the first floor. And with an other side much more classical (Hardwood floors as well, fireplace in the master bedroom, another liviung room, with a huge screen, Blue-Ray, all high-tech' gear you might need (optical fiber Wifi, 2 screen  IMac at your disposition, printer, Bose music output, Guitars, bass, keryboards for the players, 3 tV's for the watchers, big dinning table and fully equiped open kitchen for the cooks. Bathtube:shower, towels, sheets, soap and shampoo on site of course, as well as ""first aid kit"" for breakfast (coffe/tea/marmelades etc."
968	Le logement est lumineux, moderne, tout confort, on s'y sent bien. Idéal pour 2 personnes (20m carrez et lit 2 places très confortable au sol). Quant au quartier, il est très charmant, à deux pas des Batignolles. 	Studio baigné de lumière du lever au coucher de soleil, très calme, à deux pas des Batignolles. Superficie largement suffisante pour 2 personnes car il est très bien aménagé. Parfait pour un couple ou de très bons amis ! Le logement est lumineux, moderne, tout confort, on s'y sent bien. Idéal pour 2 personnes (20m carrez et lit 2 places très confortable au sol). Quant au quartier, il est très charmant, à deux pas des Batignolles. Vous aurez accès à internet, une machine à laver et tous les équipements classiques. Je suis tout à fait prête à passer un peu de temps avec vous et à partager quelques bonnes adresses ! Métro (Ligne 13) et Bus
969	15 mns by walk from Montmartre and 10 mns around the Batignolles square, this is a charming appartment, ideally located close to shops and supermarket. I will be happy to welcome you when you arrive and remain at your disposal.	15 mns by walk from Montmartre and 10 mns around the Batignolles square, this is a charming appartment, ideally located close to shops and supermarket.  Un charmant appartement, proche des Batignolles, à quelques minutes de montmartre, et commerçants 15 mns by walk from Montmartre and 10 mns around the Batignolles square, this is a charming appartment, ideally located close to shops and supermarket. I will be happy to welcome you when you arrive and remain at your disposal. All the appartment including 2 rooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, the bathroom.
970	LUMINOSO  PIANO ALTO  Per 4 ospiti	Due Stanze confortevoli : una con   due  letti a castello 90x100,  l'altra con un letto 140x200. Possibilità di accogliere 4 ospiti. Luminose entrambe, balcone, parquet  L'appartamento è vicino al centro con la tranquillità della periferia, campi da tennis, piscina e parchi pubblici attrezzati, So WEST recente centro commerciale di lusso nelle immediate vicinanze  A prossimità della Porte Maillot : terminale BUS per Londra e l'aeroporto Paris / Beauvais LUMINOSO  PIANO ALTO  Per 4 ospiti Tanti consigli per i turisti  ON PARLE français ! we speak english ! Parliamo italiano ! quartiere  residenziale calmo e sicuro  CAMPI DA TENNIS PISCINA  métro a 5minuti a piedi   diversi autobus per il quartiere dell'Opéra o il quartiere latino A dieci minuti ( porte maillot ) Bus per l'aeroporto di Beauvais et il terminal del Bus Air France per  aeroporto di Orly e Charles de Gaulle 
971	"Charming small apartment Rue du Débarcadère 75017, 2nd floor with lift, South / East.  Fully Equipped 300m from the Arc de Triomphe. Whether you are traveling as a couple, family or professional reasons, you'll love this apartment full of charm newly renovated property situated in the highly sought triangle ""Ternes / Wagram / Courcelles."" The apartment is in a quiet street while being at the heart (email hidden)ly area with many shops, grocery stores, bars and restaurants. Access: Metro Line 1 station Porte Maillot - 1 min walk RER A station Charles de Gaulle Etoile - 1 min walk Many bus lines and stations Vélib  The location of the apartment is convenient to get to Disneyland or to the airport Charles de Gaulle. A fully equipped kitchen with breakfast bar, you can enjoy the shops and outdoor market nearby. You can appreciate the hotplates, refrigerator, coffee maker, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, and essential utensils. The bar table can easily accommodate four "	"Charming small apartment Rue du Débarcadère 75017, 2nd floor with lift, South / East.  Fully Equipped 300m from the Arc de Triomphe. Whether you are traveling as a couple, family or professional reasons, you'll love this apartment full of charm newly renovated property situated in the highly sought triangle ""Ternes / Wagram / Courcelles."" The apartment is in a quiet street while being at the heart (email hidden)ly area with many shops, grocery stores, bars and restaurants. Access: Metro Line 1 station Porte Maillot - 1 min walk RER A station Charles de Gaulle Etoile - 1 min walk Many bus lines and stations Vélib  The location of the apartment is convenient to get to Disneyland or to the airport Charles de Gaulle. A fully equipped kitchen with breakfast bar, you can enjoy the shops and outdoor market nearby. You can appreciate the hotplates, refrigerator, coffee maker, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, and essential utensils. The bar table can easily accommodate four "
972		Au coeur des batignolles, appartement 80M2 avec salon et salle à manger. 2 chambres dont une pour des enfants avec lits superposés. Une petite salle de bains avec baignoire. Une cuisine (website hidden) avec box et wifi Ligne 13 au pied de l'appartement  De nombreuses ligne de bus  Accès direct vers l'Opera
973		Appartement confortable et familial dans le quartier des Batignolles et proche de Montmartre.  Proche métro, commerces et parcs . Chambre pour 2 enfants et couchage canapé-lit de grande qualité dans le salon.  Disponible entre juillet et septembre.
974	A lovely 1 bedroom apartment of 30m2. Located on the 4th and last floor of a very quiet building with an elevator.  The flat is always bright during the day thanks to a  roof window located above the kitchen and bathroom. The kitchen and living-room have been renovated 6 months ago and the flat have now double glazing windows which makes it very quiet and peaceful, away from the noise of the city.  The queen size bed in the bedroom is very cosy and the couch in the living-room is convertible for 2 persons.   	A lovely 1 bedroom apartment located in the neighborhood of Ternes and Pereire, 17ème.  Very bright,  
975	1 King Size bed (2 people) 1 Futon (2 people)	Situated near the Champs Elysées, in one of its most appreciated streets by Parisian people and tourists! On the ground floor of a beautiful historical building, includes a nice  living room and a spacious confortable bed room with a nice chimn
976		"30 m2. Well located (10"" from Montmartre & Pigalle, or ""puces de saint ouen"" by walk) in a quiet place. you will find a piano, a lot of books, and everything you need to feel like at home!"
977	52m2 flat with 2 double bedrooms, and a convertible sofa available at Pereire (17e) in a safe and typical Parisian style neighbourhood ! Wifi, washing machine and lots of commodities around.	Unique : 3 pièces 55m2 à louer quartier Pereire/Courcelles, à 5mn du métro (ligne 3) et RER C, 15mn de Charles de Gaulle - Étoile et des Champs Elysées.  Dans un quartier cossu et à proximité des commerces, confortable 3 pièces dont 2 chambres doubles ainsi qu'un salon (avec canapé convertible). La cuisine est pleinement équipée (réfrigérateur, micro ondes, four, cafetière Dolce Gusto, plaques à gaz). Accès également à la machine à laver, au wifi et à plus de 100 chaînes de télévisions et tous les programmes en replay depuis le téléviseur. Nous vous fournirons également tout le linge de lit et de toilette afin de vous laisser profiter au mieux de votre séjour ! Je serai disponible pour vous présenter l'appartement et répondre à toutes vos questions en cas d'urgence mais ne resterai pas sur place. Pereire est un quartier bourgeois et agréable avec le parc Monceau à proximité. L'appartement se situe à côté des commerces (supermarchés, boulangerie, boucherie, tabac) mais aussi de nombreux
978	Apartment 1 bedroom, 51 m², very calm and bright, at the 3rd and last floor (south exposure) : a real oasis of calm after having walking around in Paris. Completely renovated at the end of 2013, with a brand new kitchen and bathroom and a warm woodfloor, you will feel at home in our flat with its zen atmosphere. The kitchen is opened on the living room and completely furbished with everything you need to cook (induction plates, dishwasher, oven and all the necessary cookwares). You will also find if needed: a washing machine, a flatiron and an ironing board, a hairdryer). There is one double bed in the bedroom and the couch in the living room can be transformed in a really comfortable bed, making it possible to welcome up to 4 people in the apartment.	Apartment 1 bedroom in a 1862 building, 51 m², very calm and bright with a fully furnished kitchen. Up to 4 people, very typical Parisian neighborhood and well deserved by transportations. Apartment 1 bedroom, 51 m², very calm and bright, at the 3rd and last floor (south exposure) : a real oasis of calm after having walking around in Paris. Completely renovated at the end of 2013, with a brand new kitchen and bathroom and a warm woodfloor, you will feel at home in our flat with its zen atmosphere. The kitchen is opened on the living room and completely furbished with everything you need to cook (induction plates, dishwasher, oven and all the necessary cookwares). You will also find if needed: a washing machine, a flatiron and an ironing board, a hairdryer). There is one double bed in the bedroom and the couch in the living room can be transformed in a really comfortable bed, making it possible to welcome up to 4 people in the apartment. You will have access to the whole flat but not to
979	In the heart of the 17th, 130m2 apartment located on the 3rd floor, very quiet, superb terrace 30 m2, sunny, distributing kitchen and living. 2 bathrooms, 2 separate toilets and 4 bedrooms. Shops are located just down the building. Nearest Metro station: Malesherbes, on Line N 3. The terrace can accommodate 12 people fully seated. Sunshade, large table and chairs are available for enjoying meals and rest outside. It is extremely quiet because no parts are facing the street! “Parent’s corner” is isolated from “Kids corner”: a bathroom and a toilet next to Parent’s area, a bathroom and a toilet next to children’s area.	In the heart of the 17th, 130m2 apartment located on the 3rd floor, very quiet, superb terrace 30 m2, sunny, distributing kitchen and living. 2 bathrooms, 2 separate toilets and 4 bedrooms. Shops are located just down the building. Nearest Metro station: Malesherbes, on Line N 3. The terrace can accommodate 12 people fully seated. Sunshade, large table and chairs are available for enjoying meals and rest outside. It is extremely quiet because no parts are facing the street! “Parent’s corner” is isolated from “Kids corner”: a bathroom and a toilet next to Parent’s area, a bathroom and a toilet next to children’s area. The apartment is available in full. We will be present in person for the reception and departure whenever possible. Otherwise, a person will do it. During the stay of travelers, we can be contacted at any time via phone and email.  A housekeeper will service before and after each stay All you need to need to enjoy a French breakfast is available: coffee, tea, chocolate, mi
980	Beautiful and spacious place with sunny terrace in a calm and up neighborhood	Beautiful and luminous apartment in Paris.  60m2, one individual room, spacious with big windows, close to Champs Elysées, Parc Monceau.  The best place ever for visiting the best parts of Paris. Close to the métro , Terne Wagram (ligne 1,2,3) I will take care of my guests Close To Champs Elysées, Parc Monceau Metro Ternes, Wagram, Charles de Gaulle etoile ligne 1,2,3
981	Logement idéalement situé dans le quartier des batignolles.  Avec digicode et gardien. Immeuble très calme et agréable. Boulangerie, et Franprix à deux pas. Le logement dispose d'une chambre séparée, il est également possible de convertir le canapé du salon en lit deux places. 	Wide living room with open kitchen, Queen size bed, sofa bed and a nice sunny balcony. Quiet neighborhood  only 10 minutes away from Montmartre (metro) and the Arc de Triomphe (bus)
982	Magnifique appartement ,dans un superbe immeuble Haussmanien , spacieux, 3 chambres + 1 canapé lit dans un des  salons. Grand salon , salle a manger , cuisine équipée.Dressing,2 salles de bain. 3 rooms(chambers), fully-equipped kitchen, 2 (website hidden)-wifi-Elevator-Congierge-subway-stores-restaurants. Familly friendly , children friendly !! Five minutes on foot from the Champs-Elysées, and five minute to Parc Monceau,in a Haussamien Building, a family apartment for 8 people understanding entrance(entry), stay doubles, 	Au pied des Champs Elysées, dans un immeuble de caractère, un appartement familial pour 8 personnes comprenant  entrée, séjour double, salle à manger, 3 chambres, cuisine  équipée, 2 (website hidden)-wifi-ascenseur-gardien -mètro-commerces-restaurants.
983		T2 de 42M2, tout equipé, avec coin cuisine ouvert sur un grand salon, et une chambre avec salle de bain. Quartier touristique, immbeuble style haussmanien, en face de la gare saint lazare, à 2 pas du boulevard haussman, opera, place concorde.
984	Welcome in this large guest room of 15 m2 : a 160 cm bed, a living room and desk space, on the 7th floor with a lift of a nice 1930s building.  The room is part of 53 and 57 square meters double flat.	"Large guest room of 15 m2 on the 7th floor of a nice 1930s building with living room and desk space. Located in a 53 and 57 m2 double flat, quiet in the neighborhood ""Paris-village"" of Batignolles. Possible walk to Montmartre. Welcome in this large guest room of 15 m2 : a 160 cm bed, a living room and desk space, on the 7th floor with a lift of a nice 1930s building.  The room is part of 53 and 57 square meters double flat. Bathroom with natural light. Equipped kitchen with natural light. Room for breakfast and meals. Welcome and breakfast. Depending on my availabilty and guest wishes : sharing meals, visits in Paris ... In the quiet neighborhood ""Paris-village"" of Batignolles, closed to the covered market, Batignolles square and the charming walking streat ""cité de fleurs"". Many restaurants and bars. Possible walk to Montmartre. Possible walk to parc Monceau and attached museum of Nissim de Camondo and Cernucci. Don't miss also the museum Jacquemar-André, de la vie Romantique and Gust"
985	"Welcome to Paris ... and the Batignolles! The apartment is located in the heart of the Batignolles ""Village"", in the 17th district. You'll be close to the most important attractions of Paris : Montmartre (15mins), Champs Elysées (15mins), Opera (10mins) and Grands Magasins (15mins)! You can live in a lively area with many restaurants and bars, green with two parks, and family by all the small neighborhood shops in the streets. Passionate about decoration, 72m2 apartment is typically Parisian (moldings, parquet floor and fireplace) with a modern twist. It is a 72m2 surface and consists of two bedrooms, a living / dining room spacious kitchen and bathroom. It is equipped with all the appliances and free wifi. Friends and travelers, do not hesitate to write me, I'll be happy to answer your questions! See you soon!"	"Charming Parisian appt, calm and located in the heart of the ""village"" of Batignolles, dynamic, vibrant area close to Montmartre. Can accommodate 3 people (1 dble bed ch, ch 1 single) Enjoy comfort and location Welcome to Paris ... and the Batignolles! The apartment is located in the heart of the Batignolles ""Village"", in the 17th district. You'll be close to the most important attractions of Paris : Montmartre (15mins), Champs Elysées (15mins), Opera (10mins) and Grands Magasins (15mins)! You can live in a lively area with many restaurants and bars, green with two parks, and family by all the small neighborhood shops in the streets. Passionate about decoration, 72m2 apartment is typically Parisian (moldings, parquet floor and fireplace) with a modern twist. It is a 72m2 surface and consists of two bedrooms, a living / dining room spacious kitchen and bathroom. It is equipped with all the appliances and free wifi. Friends and travelers, do not hesitate to write me, I'll be happy to ans"
986	WONDERFUL STUDIO Champs Elysées Situated on the most beautiful avenue of Paris, you will take advantage of a very beautiful studio of a surface of 25m2 on the first floor of a historic building of the recently renewed XIXth century. This high-end studio allows until 2 sleepings around a sofa bed which will allow you to bask after a long day of visits, shopping or business in Paris. This contemporary furnished apartment has an equipped and fitted out kitchen area. The kitchen is equipped with patches vitreous ceramics, of a refrigerator with compartment freezer, of a drying washing machine, a multifunction microwave oven, a necessary dishes A big shower-room will finish the charm of this apartment. A vacuum cleaner and an iron are also provided you with. And so that you have the sensation to be as the house this Parisian apartment is also equipped with television and with Internet in unlimited WiFi. The apartment is protected from the noise of the street and very stays calm and peaceful	, WONDERFUL STUDIO Champs Elysées Situated on the most beautiful avenue of Paris, you will take advantage of a very beautiful studio of a surface of 25m2 on the first floor of a historic building of the recently renewed XIXth century. This high-end studio allows until 2 sleepings around a sofa bed which will allow you to bask after a long day of visits, shopping or business in Paris. This contemporary furnished apartment has an equipped and fitted out kitchen area. The kitchen is equipped with patches vitreous ceramics, of a refrigerator with compartment freezer, of a drying washing machine, a multifunction microwave oven, a necessary dishes A big shower-room will finish the charm of this apartment. A vacuum cleaner and an iron are also provided you with. And so that you have the sensation to be as the house this Parisian apartment is also equipped with television and with Internet in unlimited WiFi. The apartment is protected from the noise of the street and very stays calm and peacef
987	"This charming and atypical duplex of 80m2 is located close to the ""Arc de Triomphe"" (Métro Wagram). Living room opening on an open-plan kitchen and an elevated dining room. Bathroom with bath tub and vast marble shower. Sunny terrace on the roof. The living room opens on an open-plan kitchen and an elevated dining room. From the dining room, you can access to the double terrasse. The whole appartment has a wonderful view on parisian roofs and green terraces where we can hear the birds singing... You have access to all the equipments of the appartment: - fire place - barbecue to use on the terrace - dish-washer - washing machine - oven and steam oven - coffee machine - computer - internet - sound system I won't be there during the location. The appartment is yours during your stay. There is a concierge in the  building to retrieve the keys depending on your arrival time. The neighborhood is a premium residential area. It is ideal for relaxing during the week or at weekends. We are close"	"Cet atypique duplex de 80m2 est situé près de l'Arc de Trimphe (Metro Wagram). Le salon s'ouvre sur une cuisine américaine et une salle à manger surélevée. Salle de bains avec grande baignoire et douche italienne. Terrasse ensoleillée sur le toit This charming and atypical duplex of 80m2 is located close to the ""Arc de Triomphe"" (Métro Wagram). Living room opening on an open-plan kitchen and an elevated dining room. Bathroom with bath tub and vast marble shower. Sunny terrace on the roof. The living room opens on an open-plan kitchen and an elevated dining room. From the dining room, you can access to the double terrasse. The whole appartment has a wonderful view on parisian roofs and green terraces where we can hear the birds singing... You have access to all the equipments of the appartment: - fire place - barbecue to use on the terrace - dish-washer - washing machine - oven and steam oven - coffee machine - computer - internet - sound system I won't be there during the location. The"
988	Le wifi fonctionne très bien maintenant !!! :-)	Très charmant deux pièces lumineux et douillet, typiquement parisien. Une chambre avec de grands placards, un salon avec un canapé pouvant accueillir une personne. Très spacieux, refait à neuf, lave vaisselle, douche à l'italienne. Beaucoup de bars et restaurant à proximité, marché couvert des Batignolles à 50 mètres et métro. 
989	Nice privatized studio (30 sq m) with kitchen and bathroom  located in 15 min walking distance 5 5 min in bus) from Arc de Triomphe and  Avenue des Champs-Élysées. Located in the very safe and quiet neighbourhood. Only 10 min in metro (3 line) to Galeries Lafayette :-)  Very close to metro and supermarket (FranPrix). Surrounded with nice restaurants and fashion shops. EQUIPED : - Wi-Fi internet  - Nespresso Coffee machine  - Fridge - Oven  - Washing machine  - Dishes  - Sheets and Towels  - iron and iron board 	Nice privatized studio (30 sq m) with kitchen and bathroom  located in 15 min walking distance 5 5 min in bus) from Arc de Triomphe and  Avenue des Champs-Élysées. Located in the very safe and quiet neighbourhood. Only 10 min in metro (3 line) to Galeries Lafayette :-)  Very close to metro and supermarket (FranPrix). Surrounded with nice restaurants and fashion shops. EQUIPED : - Wi-Fi internet  - Nespresso Coffee machine  - Fridge - Oven  - Washing machine  - Dishes  - Sheets and Towels  - iron and iron board 
990	This apartment features:  One living room with flat screen TV, Canal + and Freebox TV bouquet. A  sound bar with bluetooth connectivity. Two sofas and a coffee table. And a dining area.  Head in the cloud on the 8th floor you can see by the window of the living room, the Eiffel Tower!  The kitchen is equipped with ceramic hob and electric oven Nespresso machine and a fridge.  The room has a real double bed  The bathroom has a shower and sink.  The toilets are separated.  This 46m2 apartment is perfect for tourists seeking a stay in a Parisian apartment.  - Unlimited WiFi Internet  - Washing machine  - Towels and sheets are provided	2 rooms apartment 46m2 in Paris in the 17th, 8th and last floor with elevator for 2 persons. This apartment features:  One living room with flat screen TV, Canal + and Freebox TV bouquet. A  sound bar with bluetooth connectivity. Two sofas and a coffee table. And a dining area.  Head in the cloud on the 8th floor you can see by the window of the living room, the Eiffel Tower!  The kitchen is equipped with ceramic hob and electric oven Nespresso machine and a fridge.  The room has a real double bed  The bathroom has a shower and sink.  The toilets are separated.  This 46m2 apartment is perfect for tourists seeking a stay in a Parisian apartment.  - Unlimited WiFi Internet  - Washing machine  - Towels and sheets are provided I leave you free to use any equipment in the apartment while respecting their operation.  Dresser will be at your disposal.  Thank you not to take anything out of the apartment.  Enjoy your stay! You want to apply for fast information before booking?  I promise to re
991		Entre Porte maillot et place de l etoile studio tout confort tout neuf WC Douche lave linge cuisine  hauteur sous plafond 2 , 70  Double vitrage  TV, WIFI ,metro, bus vélo (velibe) super market , Resto , sur la place , champs   élysées shopping A 7mn A pied
992	It's a cosy nest ideal to discover Paris. Quiet apartment in a lively district with various  places of interest and good gastronomy. Fall in love with Paris in excellent conditions.	Charming flat in the Batignolles area. The apartment is easy to live in.  Possibilities of nice walking around, you will discover many restaurants, bars and shops. Enjoy Paris life very close to Montmartre. It's a cosy nest ideal to discover Paris. Quiet apartment in a lively district with various  places of interest and good gastronomy. Fall in love with Paris in excellent conditions. You'll be able to use the apartment equipment as well as the washing machine and the WiFi connection. Interaction possible by e-mails and by phone. The district is crammed with cafés, restaurants and wine bars: amators of French gastronomy, you'll love it. Monceau park is next to my place and it is very easy to have a walk around Montmartre, the Batignolles, Ternes and do some shopping in boulevard Haussman.  Several tube lines nearby: Rome, Villiers and Place de Clichy. You can walk to Saint-Lazare station. You can also reach the gare du Nord with public transport.
993	A lovely 50 sqm flat refurbished completely in 2012. It is situated on the 3rd floor (no lift) of a typical parisian building surrounded by two yards. It is very quiet but very close to all the best entertainments areas. You will have the whole flat for yourselves. The flat si composed of 4 areas, the bedroom, the living room, the bathroom and the kitchen. It is fully equiped (unlimited wifi, king size double bed,a comfy sofa-bed for 2 persons, an oven a microwave, a coffe maker, a fridge, a washing machine, etc.), Four persons can easily fit in the flat.	Very Cosy 49m² sunny flat, with a big living / dining room, where you will fill immediately at home The flat is also located in a very nice area with many cool restaurants & bars and right in front of the Martin Luther King park A lovely 50 sqm flat refurbished completely in 2012. It is situated on the 3rd floor (no lift) of a typical parisian building surrounded by two yards. It is very quiet but very close to all the best entertainments areas. You will have the whole flat for yourselves. The flat si composed of 4 areas, the bedroom, the living room, the bathroom and the kitchen. It is fully equiped (unlimited wifi, king size double bed,a comfy sofa-bed for 2 persons, an oven a microwave, a coffe maker, a fridge, a washing machine, etc.), Four persons can easily fit in the flat. The area is overall very lively with many restaurants, bars, small shops, markets, parks etc... You will no doubt find anything you need to enjoy the life down here! From the apartment, you have a direct acces
994	This beautiful flat is located on a quiet and hype courtyard. The flat is situated on an elevated ground floor with a big translucid windows. The apartment has : - an entrance corridor  - One king size bed with a little cosy sofa - The separated kitchen is fully furnished with fridge, electric ceramic plates, nespresso coffee  machine,all the dishes needed, and washing machine, all standing on high quality wooden floor  - a bathroom with a shower included WC - a huge covered patio/terrasse with a garden salon with candles and Hookah you will definitely enjoy the Paris's sun in the morning during breakfast/ coffee time.. All elements have been recently refurbished to the highest standards Flat screen TV Cable TV(hundreds of international channels) provides with Wifi internet.   Smoking inside the flat is not allowed...but you have the terrace for that :)	"The apartment is in the ideal location, near the famous  avenue ""Champs Elysées"", the best place to visit all the monuments and the most beautiful places in Paris within walking distance This beautiful flat is located on a quiet and hype courtyard. The flat is situated on an elevated ground floor with a big translucid windows. The apartment has : - an entrance corridor  - One king size bed with a little cosy sofa - The separated kitchen is fully furnished with fridge, electric ceramic plates, nespresso coffee  machine,all the dishes needed, and washing machine, all standing on high quality wooden floor  - a bathroom with a shower included WC - a huge covered patio/terrasse with a garden salon with candles and Hookah you will definitely enjoy the Paris's sun in the morning during breakfast/ coffee time.. All elements have been recently refurbished to the highest standards Flat screen TV Cable TV(hundreds of international channels) provides with Wifi internet.   Smoking inside the flat i"
995	This lovely apartment has been completely renovated with great taste. It is composed - An entrance with an office - A large living room with double sofa bed, a TV, a library and a dining area. - A kitchen equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, oven, fridge, ... - A bathroom with bathtub - Independent toilet - A bedroom with double bed on courtyard, large closets and a large balcony	This 55m2 apartment was completely redone on the 5th floor of a modern building, it is very bright . It can accommodate up to 4 people This lovely apartment has been completely renovated with great taste. It is composed - An entrance with an office - A large living room with double sofa bed, a TV, a library and a dining area. - A kitchen equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, oven, fridge, ... - A bathroom with bathtub - Independent toilet - A bedroom with double bed on courtyard, large closets and a large balcony The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may have.  We will also meet our guests on their day of departure. With its rich boulevards and its little shopping streets, the Pereire district is both residential and lively.  Opulent avenues and lively shopping 
996	Cosy apartment renovated in 2014	"Typical Parisian apartment, 2 rooms, 27m2. Living room, bedroom, Kitchen, bathroom. On the 4th floor without elevator located near batignoles district. Train station ""Pont Cardinet"" / métro station line 2, 3, 13  / bus 31, 53 Cosy apartment renovated in 2014 15 minutes from  Champs Elysées by bus and steps away from the Parc Monceau. Near batignoles area and Levis street market."
997		Close to the Champs Elysées , the Arc de Triomphe ( Place Charles de Gaulle ). Beautiful 3 bedroom apartment fully renovated, two bedrooms equipped with two beds for 2, 2 dressing, a large living room with sofa bed Fully equipped.
998		Un appartement calme dans un quartier animé. Situé entre Montmartre et le Moulin Rouge, et les emblématiques Champs Elysées. Un appartement confort avec WIFI, Télé, Machine a laver. Un appartement au coeur d'un quartier de Paris authentique.
999	Très beau studio de 40m2 entièrement neuf.  Tout équipé, cuisine américaine, lave linge, four, TV + WIFI. Très lumineux, au 2e étage. Il se situe à 2 minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Elysées. Proximité tout commerce, Parc Monceau. Appartement refait à neuf, extrêmement lumineux. Cuisine américaine très agréable.  40 m2 tout équipé.  1 grand lit double et un canapé-lit.  Rue calme pourtant très proche des commerces.  WIFI, TV  Quartier incontournable du 17eme arrondissement, l'avenue des Ternes est très commerçante et se situe à deux minutes des Champs Elysées et de l'Arc de Triomphe. La rue Poncelet vous charmera par son décor typiquement parisien et vous permettra de découvrir au mieux la gastronomie française grâce à la qualité des produits de son Marché, ainsi qu'au grand nombre de restaurants qui l'entourent.  Métro Charles de Gaulle Etoile à deux minutes à pieds : ligne 1, ligne 6, RER A Métro Ternes : ligne 2 Nombreux Bus et stations de TAXI WIFI, TV  Quartier in	Très beau studio de 40m2 entièrement neuf.  Tout équipé, cuisine américaine, lave linge, four, TV + WIFI. Très lumineux, au 2e étage. Il se situe à 2 minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Elysées. Proximité tout commerce, Parc Monceau. Très beau studio de 40m2 entièrement neuf.  Tout équipé, cuisine américaine, lave linge, four, TV + WIFI. Très lumineux, au 2e étage. Il se situe à 2 minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Elysées. Proximité tout commerce, Parc Monceau. Appartement refait à neuf, extrêmement lumineux. Cuisine américaine très agréable.  40 m2 tout équipé.  1 grand lit double et un canapé-lit.  Rue calme pourtant très proche des commerces.  WIFI, TV  Quartier incontournable du 17eme arrondissement, l'avenue des Ternes est très commerçante et se situe à deux minutes des Champs Elysées et de l'Arc de Triomphe. La rue Poncelet vous charmera par son décor typiquement parisien et vous permettra de découvrir au mieux la gastronomie française grâce à la qua
1000	A bright 35m² flat, on the third floor (there is no lift), in a residential area of Paris (17th district) - perfectly located in Quartier des Batignolles and near the Moulin-Rouge (less than 20 minutes by foot or 5 minutes by bus 56 or 74).  Sorry for the pictures of the announce, that was taken by night.  There are one real bedroom with a double bed, TV with foreign channels (BBC, and so on). The living-room has a sofa and a large dining table. Wi-fi access is available at any time in the appartment. The flat has also a fully equiped kitchen and the bathroom has a bathtub. 2 extra people possible with an inflate bed in the living room if you ask for it. Don’t hesitate to contact me to get further information, in both French or English languages. 	Bright 35m² flat for 2 in a quiet street at less than 10mn from 3 metro stations on lines 13 and C. Fully equiped (kitchen, washing machine, internet & TV), the flat has a real bedroom a living-room and a bathroom with a bathtub.  A bright 35m² flat, on the third floor (there is no lift), in a residential area of Paris (17th district) - perfectly located in Quartier des Batignolles and near the Moulin-Rouge (less than 20 minutes by foot or 5 minutes by bus 56 or 74).  Sorry for the pictures of the announce, that was taken by night.  There are one real bedroom with a double bed, TV with foreign channels (BBC, and so on). The living-room has a sofa and a large dining table. Wi-fi access is available at any time in the appartment. The flat has also a fully equiped kitchen and the bathroom has a bathtub. 2 extra people possible with an inflate bed in the living room if you ask for it. Don’t hesitate to contact me to get further information, in both French or English languages.  Free wifi, 
1001	Cet appartement est fonctionnel et agréable à vivre. Entièrement équipé, vous aurez tout à votre disposition pour que votre séjour se déroule dans les meilleures conditions.	Charmant 2 pièces situé dans le quartier Porte de Champerret. Situé au pied du métro cet appartement lumineux et sans vis à vis vous accueillera avec tout le confort et les commodités dont vous aurez besoin lors de votre séjour. Cet appartement est fonctionnel et agréable à vivre. Entièrement équipé, vous aurez tout à votre disposition pour que votre séjour se déroule dans les meilleures conditions. - Station Porte de Champeret Métro ligne 3  - Bus ligne 84, 92, 93, PC1, PC3, 164 - Station Taxis
1002	The main attraction of my offer is to provide you a real small appartment in the appartment. As soon as the entrance door is closed you'll feel at home.	"In a 1,292 Fsq appartment, at 4th floor, close to Etoile and Porte Maillot, private part : entrance, cosy living room et bedroom with balcony, shower room. Toilet only for you. Quiet one way street. Very pleasant area. The main attraction of my offer is to provide you a real small appartment in the appartment. As soon as the entrance door is closed you'll feel at home. The kitchen may be used for breakfast, tea/coffee/drinks, and light snacks. I provide sheets and towels. I'll have the pleasure the welcome you as well as giving you any informations if you wish. The area, pretty residential, offers many restaurants and ""bistrots"". The appartment is located ten minutes by foot to Etoile and five minutes to ""Palais des Congrès - Porte Maillot"" (conference hall and Hyatt Regency hotel) - Metro lignes 3 ou 2 - Buses Air France and Ryanair, Porte Maillot (5 minutes). The small living room can become a second room with a one person bed"
1003	Our place is a beautiful fully refurbished (February 2015) flat located in a trendy area and close to some of the main Paris attractions. It has been fully decorated by Louise and the flat is in a very quiet street (no trafic) and in a 1900 beautiful Parisian building on a 4th floor.	Hi! We are Louise and Raphael, a young Parisian couple who loves traveling and we will be very happy to welcome you in our flat ! Our place is a beautiful fully refurbished (February 2015) flat located in a trendy area and close to some of the main Paris attractions. It has been fully decorated by Louise and the flat is in a very quiet street (no trafic) and in a 1900 beautiful Parisian building on a 4th floor. About the location and the area Many cool and trendy restaurants in the neighborhood, supermarkets, boutiques… in a very safe area called « Le village des Batignolles » (it looks like a village in a big city and we love it!). There are also 2 beautiful public gardens (5 minutes by walk).  Very good location in the safe and lovely 17th district next to metros Rome, Place de Clichy and Villiers (lines 2, 3 and 13 with direct access to Pigalle, Champs Elysees, La Madeleine, …) direct buses to Gare de l’Est and Gare du Nord stations 15 minutes walk to Montmartre, the Grands Magasins
1004	The flat is organized on two levels at the third and fourth floors. You'll find a living room, friendly kitchen, bathroom and parents'room on the first floor, while two rooms for teenagers or kids as well as another bathroom set the second floor.  	Charming duplex of 110sq.m. in a quiet street of the Batignolles, 17th district. The apartment, in a 1930's style building, has been refreshed in 2014. Shops, bars, restaurants and two parks are within 600m from the flat. The flat is organized on two levels at the third and fourth floors. You'll find a living room, friendly kitchen, bathroom and parents'room on the first floor, while two rooms for teenagers or kids as well as another bathroom set the second floor.  The whole apartment is for rent, toys of our two kids are available (kids born in 2009 and 2013). No, our flat will be yours for the duration of your stay.  The neighborhood is very friendly with shops, bars, restaurants and two parks. It is an area of Paris occupied by the 30-40 years old people often with kids.  Metro Line 13 - Brochant Station (2 min by walk) Bus 31, 54, 74 and N15 (2 min walk) A baby bed is also at your disposal in one of the rooms on the second floor. 
1005	Spacious and bright living room with a fully equipped large open kitchen and a sofa that converts to a 160 cm very comfortable bed. One toilet has a shower while the second does not. Free WIFI and TV with cable channels. Apartment is located on the first floor of an old style building. Ave Wagram has lots of cafes and restaurants which are at the doorsteps of the building. Secured door with access only to tenants.	Very bright apartment less than 2 minutes walk from the Champs Elysees, Arc and main metro station. Fully renovated in July 2015, bedroom has a double bed 160cm, second bedroom has a bunk bed. Spacious living room and 1.5 bathrooms. Total area 41 sqm Spacious and bright living room with a fully equipped large open kitchen and a sofa that converts to a 160 cm very comfortable bed. One toilet has a shower while the second does not. Free WIFI and TV with cable channels. Apartment is located on the first floor of an old style building. Ave Wagram has lots of cafes and restaurants which are at the doorsteps of the building. Secured door with access only to tenants. Full apartment Agency is available at any time to assist tenants in and out and meeting any needs during their stay to make sure they have a comfortable accommodation. This location is the location in Paris. You can access any place easily and if you decide to go for a walk on the Champs Elysees, in less than 2 minutes you will b
1006	A quelques minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe, superbe 2 pièces tout confort calme, lumineux, sur cour et jardins. Au 4eme étage d'un immeuble, Il peut accueillir confortablement deux personnes pour un séjour parfait dans la capitale. À bientôt !! Bonjour! Je loue mon appartement de 50 m2 près des Champs-Elysées (Arc de triomphe).L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage d'un bel immeuble haussmanien. Quartier calme, chic et résidentiel (Ternes – Pereire).  Proche de nombreux commerces. A deux minutes à pied du marché des Ternes et de la rue Poncelet. Adresse très bien desservie en bus et métro (Ligne 3, RER C, Nombreux Bus, Car Air France a proximité).  Accès facile à tous les lieux touristiques de Paris :  . 10 min à pied de l'avenue des Champs Elysées, de l'arc de triomphe et du parc Monceau.  . 6 stations de métro des Grand-Magasins et de l'Opéra de Paris.  . 9 stations de métro de Montmartre. L'appartement comprend :   (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, bouilloire, Lit Bébé, ordinateur…) A	A quelques minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe, superbe 2 pièces tout confort calme, lumineux, sur cour et jardins. Au 4eme étage d'un immeuble, Il peut accueillir confortablement deux personnes pour un séjour parfait dans la capitale. À bientôt !! Bonjour! Je loue mon appartement de 50 m2 près des Champs-Elysées (Arc de triomphe).L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage d'un bel immeuble haussmanien. Quartier calme, chic et résidentiel (Ternes – Pereire).  Proche de nombreux commerces. A deux minutes à pied du marché des Ternes et de la rue Poncelet. Adresse très bien desservie en bus et métro (Ligne 3, RER C, Nombreux Bus, Car Air France a proximité).  Accès facile à tous les lieux touristiques de Paris :  . 10 min à pied de l'avenue des Champs Elysées, de l'arc de triomphe et du parc Monceau.  . 6 stations de métro des Grand-Magasins et de l'Opéra de Paris.  . 9 stations de métro de Montmartre. L'appartement comprend :   (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, bouilloire, Lit Bébé, ordinateur…) A
1007	2 couchages (possibilité de 2 autres dans le canapé-lit neuf et confortable !) 	Un deux-pièces très  calme et lumineux, avec double exposition, pour une belle surface de 34 m2; une ambiance moderne (rénovation complète en 2012), pour être au coeur du quartier des Batignolles, vivant et très parisien ! 2 couchages (possibilité de 2 autres dans le canapé-lit neuf et confortable !) Tout accès Disponible par téléphone, SMS ou mail (réponse rapide dans tous les cas !) Me contacter pour autres détails ou photos, ou horaire particulier Quartier en pleine rénovation, très vivant ! Sûr et calme (vous serez à 30 m du commissariat !)  Marché bio le samedi matin sur le boulevard des Batignolles (à 2 mn de l'appartement! ), nombreux commerces (rue des Moines) nombreux restaurants et bistrots, plusieurs parcs à proximité (Monceau, Batignolles et Martin Luther King, le plus récent), place Clichy à 2 pas, et Montmartre à 5 mn ! (avec la place des Abbesses !) Quartier bien desservi avec accès très facile (plusieurs stations de métro : Brochant, Place de Clichy, La Fourche...)  Gar
1008	Hello,  I am Baptiste, and I would love to welcome you in Paris. For your stay there will be a very comfortable couch, my kitchen, a bathroom and wifi access. If you have any questions I will try my best to answer them properly.(I speak French English and Spanish.) You will find my apartment in the 17th Arrondissement in Paris. neighborhood of Parc Monceau, next to The Champs Elysée and Place de Clichy.	Bonjour, je serais ravis de vous accueillir à Paris!  Hello, I would love to welcome you in Paris.  Hello,  I am Baptiste, and I would love to welcome you in Paris. For your stay there will be a very comfortable couch, my kitchen, a bathroom and wifi access. If you have any questions I will try my best to answer them properly.(I speak French English and Spanish.) You will find my apartment in the 17th Arrondissement in Paris. neighborhood of Parc Monceau, next to The Champs Elysée and Place de Clichy. Kitchen, Bathroom, Wi-Fi... I speak English, Spanish and I have notions in Arabic.  One of the most beautiful neighborhood of Paris 2 underground lines (lines 2 and 3, stop at Villiers or Malesherbes).
1009		All comfort flat close to Triumph Arc and famous street Champs Elysees. Large shopping center and various terraces near satisfy your cravings for shopping or culinary. Proximity to public transportation bus & metro.
1010		The studio is 14m2, it has a sofa bed, coffee table, eating table with 2 foldable chairs, wardrobe, 2 big cabinets, small renovated kitchen and bathroom. Great neighborhood, close to park Monceau, 5 min walk to metro, 10 min walk to Arc de Triomphe.
1011	Cet appartement est très accueillant, chaleureux, calme et lumineux. Nous l'avons entièrement rénové il y a 2 ans, tout est neuf. Il donne sur une petite cour arborée. Idéal pour un couple (une chambre avec un lit 2 places), il vous apportera un espace confortable de 53 m2.	Appartement moderne tout confort de 53 m2 idéalement situé au coeur de Batignolles à proximité des Grands Magasins, du Parc Monceau et de Montmartre. Très calme et lumineux, l'appartement donne sur une cour intérieure. Idéal pour un couple. Cet appartement est très accueillant, chaleureux, calme et lumineux. Nous l'avons entièrement rénové il y a 2 ans, tout est neuf. Il donne sur une petite cour arborée. Idéal pour un couple (une chambre avec un lit 2 places), il vous apportera un espace confortable de 53 m2. L'appartement entier est mis à votre disposition. Cuisine équipée avec machine à laver, four micro-ondes, plaques vitro-céramiques, cafetière, four... Salle de bain et WC séparés. Serviettes mises à disposition. Lave-linge. Grand séjour avec TV et WIFI et un canapé qui peut se transformer en lit pour 2 personnes Chambre avec lit double et ventilateur à disposition Par téléphone / SMS / mail Quartier des Batignolles au coeur du 17ème, très sympa et familial avec de nombreux commer
1012	CASA GERALDINE is a classy newly refurbished apartment on the 5th floor of a quiet building (with elevator) just a few strides from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées.  It has 3 bright bedrooms, a comfortable living room, bathroom with shower and separate WC and a fully equiped kitchen. In a very chic and exclusive area. The street itself is lined with good restaurants.  It is 5 minutes away from the closest metro station (CHARLES de GAULLE - ETOILE Line 1, 2 and 6), and from there 5 minutes to The EIFFEL TOWER and 10 minutes to anywhere you want to go in Paris.	CASA GERALDINE is a classy newly refurbished 3 bedroom apartment on the 5th floor of a quiet building (with elevator) just a few strides from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées. CASA GERALDINE is a classy newly refurbished apartment on the 5th floor of a quiet building (with elevator) just a few strides from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées.  It has 3 bright bedrooms, a comfortable living room, bathroom with shower and separate WC and a fully equiped kitchen. In a very chic and exclusive area. The street itself is lined with good restaurants.  It is 5 minutes away from the closest metro station (CHARLES de GAULLE - ETOILE Line 1, 2 and 6), and from there 5 minutes to The EIFFEL TOWER and 10 minutes to anywhere you want to go in Paris. The Arc de Triomphe de l'Étoile, Arch of Triumph of the Star, is one of the most famous monuments in Paris. It stands in the centre of the Place Charles de Gaulle (originally named Place de l'Étoile), at the western end of the Champs-Ély
1013	Haussmann flat	Haussmann flat In the Batignolles district with a lot of cafés and delicious restaurants nearby. Walking distance from Montmartre and Pigalle 3 minutes walk from subway stations (line 2 or 13), 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and Pigalle
1014	Equipement moderne et logement ré-aménagé par un architecte l'année passée. De nombreux rangements, un espace cuisine/salle a manger, et un espace chambre. La cuisine est très bien équipée (frigo, plaque, four micro-onde). Espace chambre avec un lit simple et rangement. Une salle de bain équipée et moderne (douche, lavabo, placard de rangement, chauffage et toilette) Le + : des dvds (films et séries) sont a disposition si vous trouvez votre bonheur. Il y a également des enceintes avec prise jack que vous pouvez utiliser. 	Situé au pieds de la station de métro Porte de Champerret (ligne 3 très pratique), Studio de 22m2 refait à neuf en Juillet 2014 - 8ème étage d'un immeuble Haussmanien (sans ascenseur). Logement calme et protégé. A 20mins a pied des Champs Elysée. Equipement moderne et logement ré-aménagé par un architecte l'année passée. De nombreux rangements, un espace cuisine/salle a manger, et un espace chambre. La cuisine est très bien équipée (frigo, plaque, four micro-onde). Espace chambre avec un lit simple et rangement. Une salle de bain équipée et moderne (douche, lavabo, placard de rangement, chauffage et toilette) Le + : des dvds (films et séries) sont a disposition si vous trouvez votre bonheur. Il y a également des enceintes avec prise jack que vous pouvez utiliser. Mon amie qui s'occupe de l'appartement en mon absence pourra répondre a vos questions, vous indiquez des endroits a visiter ou vous donner des informations sur les transports. Arrondissement calme et accès direct au périphériq
1015	Damien, Mariangela and Pinina (our cat) will receive you. We are a couple who also loves traveling and meeting people from different cultures, and we receive with pleasure our guests. You will have at the 2nd floor a private heated room for one or two people, with an inflatable mattress with linens, with a closet, dresser and lamp. You will have internet access.	Warm room. Paris 17 district. 20 minutes walk from Montmartre and 15 min from Moulin Rouge. 100 metres from Metro station. District with stores, bars, restaurants, supermarkets, banks, parks, cinema. Calm department. Next from Bus and Velib station. Damien, Mariangela and Pinina (our cat) will receive you. We are a couple who also loves traveling and meeting people from different cultures, and we receive with pleasure our guests. You will have at the 2nd floor a private heated room for one or two people, with an inflatable mattress with linens, with a closet, dresser and lamp. You will have internet access. You can use all the living room space, the bathroom (please bring your own towel), the toilet, the refrigerator to keep your drinks or food. You can have glasses and plates in the kitchen (no cooking). You can read a book of living room if you want. We will give you a map of Metro, Bus and RER lines. We will guide you so you can arrive wherever you want. Our apartment is from 20 min
1016	Votre chambre fait 18m2, placards, bureau, penderie. Un lit double, possibilité de déplier le clic clac si besoin.  Vous avez accès à la cuisine équipée d'un four, d'un micro-onde, d'une gazinière, d'un lave linge et d'un frigo. Une salle de bain avec baignoire, et une salle de douche pour plus de fluidité le matin! Vous croiserez sûrement mes colocataires, Arnaud, Maria Chiara, Anastasiia, Luc, instituteur, et Thomas, moi même.	"Chambre privée dans une colocation de 10m2 pouvant accueillir 1 personne :1 lit. Situé à Place de Clichy, il donne sur une cour intérieure calme et arborée. Il est situé à 5 minutes à pied de Pigalle, du Moulin Rouge et de Montmartre Votre chambre fait 18m2, placards, bureau, penderie. Un lit double, possibilité de déplier le clic clac si besoin.  Vous avez accès à la cuisine équipée d'un four, d'un micro-onde, d'une gazinière, d'un lave linge et d'un frigo. Une salle de bain avec baignoire, et une salle de douche pour plus de fluidité le matin! Vous croiserez sûrement mes colocataires, Arnaud, Maria Chiara, Anastasiia, Luc, instituteur, et Thomas, moi même. L'accès internet est disponible en wifi. Les ""caves populaires"" pour boire l'apéro, le ""bistrot des dames"" pour un restau en amoureux, la ""machine du moulin rouge"" pour sortir entre amis et Montmartre pour flaner! In an apt of 100m2 , a private room in an apartment-sharing, for a couple or two friends. The bedroom: 1 double bed and"
1017	This traditional Parisian neighborhood has the advantage of being very near the metro station and a bus hub, nice restaurants, cafes, supermarkets and not far from the renowned Monceau Park and the Palais de Congres. Completely renovated and decorated in a contemporary style, it measures 30m2 (323 ft2) is situated on the 1st floor (2nd storey) of a 3 storey building without elevator. It has wooden flooring except the kitchen and bathroom which has tiles. We have completely renovated it recently. Fully furnished: Firm double bed in the bedroom, a convertible sofa in the living room, a large flat screen TV, equipped with unlimited internet access and cable channels, telephone includes free calls to the US and some 70 countries. The kitchen opens into the living room and is fully equipped. The bathroom has an excellent enclosed shower cabin, attached toilet, furnished with a small closet, and wash basin too. An initial set of bed linen and towels are provided at your arrival. Convenience:	Fully renovated apartment downtown near shops, subway in a nice neighborhood. It faces the courtyard and thus have no traffic noise. Cool in summer since you can open all the 4 windows to make breeze. Warm in winter with 3 electric heaters. This traditional Parisian neighborhood has the advantage of being very near the metro station and a bus hub, nice restaurants, cafes, supermarkets and not far from the renowned Monceau Park and the Palais de Congres. Completely renovated and decorated in a contemporary style, it measures 30m2 (323 ft2) is situated on the 1st floor (2nd storey) of a 3 storey building without elevator. It has wooden flooring except the kitchen and bathroom which has tiles. We have completely renovated it recently. Fully furnished: Firm double bed in the bedroom, a convertible sofa in the living room, a large flat screen TV, equipped with unlimited internet access and cable channels, telephone includes free calls to the US and some 70 countries. The kitchen opens into 
1018	Studio 1 queen size bed, bathroom with shower 25 sqm2. 270 sqft located on the 2nd floor walk-up, of a 19th century building of 4 floors. There is no lift totally renovated by architect, space organization well sought, creating a functional living space, double sofa bed 140 cm, very practical kitchen, fully equipped, cosy bathroom with shower, contemporary slate ceramics. oak wood floor its very bright, no noise at all. You go thru a first building, entering a court yard leading you to a second building (typical of this Paris neighborhood) wich explains the calmness and regular sound of birds. no sounds of the city, even with open windows. Amenities - unlimited high-speed Broadband internet Access, WiFi & Ethernet cable - all the necessary condiments tea, coffee, spices, sugar and so on coffee maker, water boiler, toaster, micro-wave oven, - fully equipped kitchen, cookware and tableware - Linens, towels, washer, shampoo, soap, hairdryer, iron - wifi - books h-guides, CD, umbrellas, My	Studio 1 queen size bed, bathroom with shower 25 sqm2. 270 sqft located on the 2nd floor walk-up, of a 19th century building of 4 floors. There is no lift totally renovated by architect, space organization well sought, creating a functional living space, double sofa bed 140 cm, very practical kitchen, fully equipped, cosy bathroom with shower, contemporary slate ceramics. oak wood floor its very bright, no noise at all. You go thru a first building, entering a court yard leading you to a second building (typical of this Paris neighborhood) wich explains the calmness and regular sound of birds. no sounds of the city, even with open windows. Amenities - unlimited high-speed Broadband internet Access, WiFi & Ethernet cable - all the necessary condiments tea, coffee, spices, sugar and so on coffee maker, water boiler, toaster, micro-wave oven, - fully equipped kitchen, cookware and tableware - Linens, towels, washer, shampoo, soap, hairdryer, iron - wifi - books h-guides, CD, umbrellas, My
1019	Idéalement situé dans une impasse au cœur de Paris, appartement très calme et très agréable !	A lovely bright flat in Paris 17th. Amazing location and all the shops and cafes at one minute. Recently decorated throughout with a high end finish.  The flat has lots of light in the daytime and nice lighting to make it cosy at night. A good kitch
1020	1 bedroom flat, perfect for a couple. Close to transportation (Velib, Metro, Taxi station, Bus). Safe building - access with digicode and bipper. 14sqm Living room, with a 3 seats sofa, 2 other chairs, a coffee table & a dinner table with 2 seats (2 extra seats possible thanks to extension) + large TV screen. The bathroom has a sink, a large shower and a toilet. Clean sheets and towels provided.   The bedroom is 13sqm, with a large quality bed.  Equipped kitchen: Microwave oven, Nespresso machine, electric kettle + everything you need for cooking. A large supermarket is very close to the building and small supermarkets, opened even on sunday are loacted in my street! When you're staying in my Place I will leave you a list of my favorite addresses in Paris! Non smoking place, no pet allowed.  The apartment is fully cleaned before your arrival and after your departure.	35 sqm fully equipped flat in the heart of the 17th district of Paris. Safe: Building with digicode and bipper. 1st Floor apartment in a quiet street. Shopping facilities, transportation (Metro, Velib, Taxi) : everything is close and easy! 1 bedroom flat, perfect for a couple. Close to transportation (Velib, Metro, Taxi station, Bus). Safe building - access with digicode and bipper. 14sqm Living room, with a 3 seats sofa, 2 other chairs, a coffee table & a dinner table with 2 seats (2 extra seats possible thanks to extension) + large TV screen. The bathroom has a sink, a large shower and a toilet. Clean sheets and towels provided.   The bedroom is 13sqm, with a large quality bed.  Equipped kitchen: Microwave oven, Nespresso machine, electric kettle + everything you need for cooking. A large supermarket is very close to the building and small supermarkets, opened even on sunday are loacted in my street! When you're staying in my Place I will leave you a list of my favorite addresses in 
1021	Très clair, avec de nombreux rangements (grands placards dans chaque pièces + buanderie) Vue dégagée Vous beneficiez de l'avantage d'une résidence avec de nombreux espaces verts et fleuris, rigoureusement entretenue, sécurisée avec digicode et interphones	Up to 6 people - ideal for a family - Modern and fully equipped (TV + sat, Wifi and all appliances) - green spaces all around the building Easy access to transportations (metro,bus, taxi, velib), restaurants and shops Champs Elysées  10mn Très clair, avec de nombreux rangements (grands placards dans chaque pièces + buanderie) Vue dégagée Vous beneficiez de l'avantage d'une résidence avec de nombreux espaces verts et fleuris, rigoureusement entretenue, sécurisée avec digicode et interphones Beaux quartiers parisiens - ilot de calme à proximité de la place de l'Etoile et des Champs Elysées Quartier résidentiel avec de nombreux commerces de proximité (boulangerie meilleur artisan de France, pressing, bureau de tabac, cafés, restaurants) un supermarché ouvert 7/7 Accès facile: Metro ligne 3 Pereire ou Wagram, RER C, nombreux bus, et navette CDG à 15mn à pied,  4 stations Autolib dans un périmètre de 300m Possibilité de parking dans la résidence (me contacter) Possibilité de location de voi
1022	Accès à notre grande cuisine si vous souhaitez manger dans l'appartement (présence d'une cafetière, grille pain ...). De plus, notre salon est équipé d'un rétroprojecteur, ce qui permet de regarder des films tout en ayant l'impression d'être au cinéma :)	Bedroom with a private bathroom in a cosy and big apartment (95m²). Spacious lounge and big kitchen.  Arc de Triomphe: 12 minutes by foot. Subways: 3 minutes by foot from Courcelles or Monceau + 5 minutes from Wagram.  Close to all amenities. Accès à notre grande cuisine si vous souhaitez manger dans l'appartement (présence d'une cafetière, grille pain ...). De plus, notre salon est équipé d'un rétroprojecteur, ce qui permet de regarder des films tout en ayant l'impression d'être au cinéma :) Mes colocataires et moi-même pourront vous donner quelques conseils, soit pour visiter certains quartiers, soit pour aller au restaurant ou boire un verre le soir. Quartier résidentiel très agréable, avec de nombreux commerces à proximité. Arc de Triomphe et Champs Elysées à 12 minutes à pied.  Parc Monceau à 5 minutes à pied, très agréable pour des pique-nique ou se balader. Proche des transports : métros Courcelles et Monceau à 3 minutes à pied + Wagram à 5 minutes. De nombreuses lignes de bus à
1023	Ideally located in the heart of a booming neighborhood.	Nice refurbished and contemporary flat, 1 BR, 1 dressing / office, fully equiped kitchen, bathroom with tube, large and sunny living room. 1st floor.  Convenient, walking distance from Batignolles cafés (rue des Moines/rue Legendre/rue Brochant). Ideally located in the heart of a booming neighborhood. Full access Les Batignolles: nature, art and a village-like spirit From the metro Villiers, walk along the rue de Levis. This pedestrian axe is bordered with charming little shops, like Oliviers & Co (quality Olive Oils), or Petit Bateau (children's clothing) and is also a gourmet sanctuary of fish shops, rotisseries and cheese shops, open 7 days a week. Take the time to admire the colourful market stalls, leaving to your right the rue des Dames.  The rue des Dames is punctuated with lovely restaurants, such as the Bistro des Dames, with its small planted terrace, not far from the convivial Russian table, La Gaieté Cosaque. One must admit, the area is full of good restaurants: Agapé, a li
1024	This 60m2 apartment is perfect for 4 people. As you see on the picture, it is a typical parisian apartment in a very good shape and well located in Paris 17. The apartment is located at the second floor and is composed of a living room where the sofa can be converted into a bed for 2 persons, a bedroom, a dining room with kitchen/bar, one bathroom and a toilet. Internet wifi, TV available for free. 	Beautiful parisian apartment of 60m2 located within the nice areas of Paris. Close to Arc de Triomphe, Champs-Elysees and other monuments! Good access to the transport network. This 60m2 apartment is perfect for 4 people. As you see on the picture, it is a typical parisian apartment in a very good shape and well located in Paris 17. The apartment is located at the second floor and is composed of a living room where the sofa can be converted into a bed for 2 persons, a bedroom, a dining room with kitchen/bar, one bathroom and a toilet. Internet wifi, TV available for free. All apartment available We will give you a map of Paris, and good advices (restaurant, bars, secret places,...) :)  The apartment is located within Paris 17th District which is close to Champs-Elysees, Arc de Triomphe, La Défense. The neighborhood is very safe and close to many french boutiques (Palais Maillot, Ternes). There is a market located just next with typical french food (charcuterie, fromage, vin,...) Metro 
1025	IMPORTANT: during your stay, I will live in the apartment too, on the floor below your room, with a nice young cat (which I will keep with me, but I specify for the allergic).  You will have all the top floor for yourselves + private balcony, separated from my place.	1 to 5 pax. Shinny 2 floors apartment with view over Paris roofs. 2 double bedroom + 1 single bedroom in a duplex house (IMPORTANT : me + nice 1 cat will live in the apartment too).  Near Batignolles district (metro Wagram). 3 balconies. Free Wifi. IMPORTANT: during your stay, I will live in the apartment too, on the floor below your room, with a nice young cat (which I will keep with me, but I specify for the allergic).  You will have all the top floor for yourselves + private balcony, separated from my place. Private balcony : access from the biggest room. Sun and nice view !
1026		Located in Les Batignolles: a typical trendy district!  Only 7 mins from metro Station ROME (line2), and 5min from metro Station LA FOURCHE (line13).  Quiet and cosy flat very bright with 2 large rooms, 1 living room all furnished !
1027	This is a 3 room 60m2 (646 feet sq ) apartment with a cosy living room and two bedrooms 1 bedrooms with 2 beds (2X90X200) 1 bedrooms with a large bed (2X90X200 or 180X200) A sofa bed (120X190) in the living room. For families and couples (max 5 pers). Towels and bed linen are provided.	Cosy, bright and spacious Parisian apartment 60m2 (646 sq ft) with air conditioner on the second floor and with lift. It´s well located 3mn to the subway station and bus it takes 10mn to the Champs Élysée 5mn to the Printemps 5mn to Montmartre This is a 3 room 60m2 (646 feet sq ) apartment with a cosy living room and two bedrooms 1 bedrooms with 2 beds (2X90X200) 1 bedrooms with a large bed (2X90X200 or 180X200) A sofa bed (120X190) in the living room. For families and couples (max 5 pers). Towels and bed linen are provided. You have câble Tv, wifi, dvd, air condionner in the living room. Downstairs you have a market, a supermarket, bakeries....and many restaurants and bars. You are close to the subway station-Line 2-3,and bus 30:Trocadéro  Bus 94: Concorde,St. Germain des Près  Bus 53:Printemps ,Galerie Lafayette 
1028	Very quite apartment, ideally located	    A very charming and beautiful apartment very well located. There is a living room and a separated bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The building is located in a very secured area. It is the street of the 'marché Poncelet'     Very quite apartment, ideally located I'll be just one call away during your stay in Paris Simply amazing, just a few block from Champs Elysees. Market in the street Metro Place des Ternes Metro Charles de Gaulle Airport Shutle A very charming and beautiful apartment very well located. There is a living room and a separated bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The building is located in a very secured area. It is the street of the 'marché Poncelet' You will find an open market in the street and grocery stores. The apartment is very quite, 1st floor and elevator. There is a converitble sofas for 2 people in the living room and a queen size bed in the bedroom.  High speed internet, TV, wifi, laundry machine.  Airport shuttle, bus and metro Minimum are easil
1029	Appartement meublé , entièrement équipé , TV dans le salon et dans la chambre . Internet Haut débit , Machine à laver le linge , four et micro ondes.	Appartement meublé , entièrement équipé , TV dans le salon et dans la chambre . Internet Haut débit , Machine à laver le linge , four et micro ondes. Proche de tous les commerces: - boulangerie - tabac - pharmacie - super marché - épiceries - restaurants, bar.. Quartier très animé , a deux pas du parc Monceau .  Metro Villiers : Ligne 2 et 3
1030	Its a nice old 1930's class  apartment.  There are three larger rooms, A living room, a study and a bedroom.   Ceilings are high and the places is simply but tastefully equipped.    One note, one of the beds is in the study (a foldout futon) through which you must pass to get to the bedroom.	Located near the Arc de Triomphe / Champs Elysees.  Well laid out 1 1/2 bed in quiet neighbourhood close to awesome street market and shops. Direct bus and subway service to airports, downtown and business district. Ultra-fast fiber optic wifi.  Its a nice old 1930's class  apartment.  There are three larger rooms, A living room, a study and a bedroom.   Ceilings are high and the places is simply but tastefully equipped.    One note, one of the beds is in the study (a foldout futon) through which you must pass to get to the bedroom. You hsve the run of the whole apartment.  Its my home so you will find that it is pretty well equipped.   When I'm renting the place I am usually in my apartment in Sete, south of France.  This means that I am easy to reach by phone but won't be on premises.  In case of emergencies, I have a good friend who can come by and help out.  Where do I start?  I fell in love with it because it has one of the best street markets in Paris open seven days a week (half
1031	Located in the 17th district of Paris, this apartment has 95m2 of pure charm. Its double bed sunny bedroom is just perfect for resting after an intense day in the City of Light. The sofas in the living room will be your favorite spot to have breakfast or just relax with your loved one, friends or family. It also features a closet (to set free your clothes from the tight bags) and a bathroom with shower and separate toilette. In the library there’s a comfy sofa bed for two, in case you need to have room for guests. A washing machine/dryer is available for your total comfort as well as wireless internet, cable TV with a great deal of international channels and unlimited international calls to several countries (only landlines).	95m2 of pure charm located in one of Paris’ nicest neighborhoods. Close to Arc de Triomphe, Champs-Elysée, Montmartre neighborhood (with its french village atmosphere), Moulin Rouge and many other Paris’ iconic Landmarks. Located in the 17th district of Paris, this apartment has 95m2 of pure charm. Its double bed sunny bedroom is just perfect for resting after an intense day in the City of Light. The sofas in the living room will be your favorite spot to have breakfast or just relax with your loved one, friends or family. It also features a closet (to set free your clothes from the tight bags) and a bathroom with shower and separate toilette. In the library there’s a comfy sofa bed for two, in case you need to have room for guests. A washing machine/dryer is available for your total comfort as well as wireless internet, cable TV with a great deal of international channels and unlimited international calls to several countries (only landlines). The apartment is entirely yours! can book 
1032	"Welcome to our cozy 55m2 flat in the so trendy and boho Parisian district : the Batignolles! Quiet, trendy, boho and green, you will love this district which seems to be a little village in the center of Paris. The flat is located in a typical parisian area All around the apartment you can find “boulangeries”, ""brasseries"", wine shops, cool bars, artists workshops and good French restaurants to spend delightful moments. On Sundays, you would enjoy the Biological Batignolles market and its fresh products at less than 10 meters of the flat. Perfectly located if you want to enjoy Paris : - 8 minutes to Montmartre/Sacré Coeur (4 stops) - 8 minutes to Pigalles/Moulin Rouge (3 stops) - 12 minutes from Champs Elysées/Arc de Triomphe (5 stops) -10 minutes from Galeries Lafayette for shopping Our place is luminous and quiet surrounded by lot of coffees, French typical stores (bakery, brasserie...) Bedroom : - 1 Real two places bed -1 Plasma LED TV Kitchen: A fully equipped kitchen well organize"	"We invite you to stay in our very typical flat located in the centre of Paris between the Batignolles and Montmartre districts, in a quiet and welcoming area.  This is an ideal place to stay for a couple for lover's weekend. Welcome to our cozy 55m2 flat in the so trendy and boho Parisian district : the Batignolles! Quiet, trendy, boho and green, you will love this district which seems to be a little village in the center of Paris. The flat is located in a typical parisian area All around the apartment you can find “boulangeries”, ""brasseries"", wine shops, cool bars, artists workshops and good French restaurants to spend delightful moments. On Sundays, you would enjoy the Biological Batignolles market and its fresh products at less than 10 meters of the flat. Perfectly located if you want to enjoy Paris : - 8 minutes to Montmartre/Sacré Coeur (4 stops) - 8 minutes to Pigalles/Moulin Rouge (3 stops) - 12 minutes from Champs Elysées/Arc de Triomphe (5 stops) -10 minutes from Galeries Laf"
1033		Nous habitons un joli appartement cosy à quelques minutes à pied du métro qui vous emmène directement à Saint Lazare / Champs Elysées.  Tout est à proximité: restaurants, bars, cafés, shopping, boulangeries...  Petit balcon Quartier calme
1034	LOCATION:  Proche de la Place de l'Etoile, des Champs-Elysées (10-15mn à pied), du magnifique Parc Monceau (5 mn à pied) et du Quartier des Batignolles (5 mn a pied).  Opéra et Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette) à 5 stations de métro soit 10 mn. Montmartre à 6 stations de métro soit 15mn.  Métro Wagram(Ligne 3) et Bus 31 situé à 1 minute. Nombreux commerçants très proche : boulangeries, cafés, commerces, bars et restaurants.  Très bonne boulangerie a coté de l'immeuble.  Station Vélib très proche : 1mn. DESCRIPTION:  Petit studio (11m2) indépendant au premier étage d'un bel immeuble très calme.  Ascenseur.  Petit pied à terre idéal et économique dans un quartier très agréable et vivant. Chambre toute équipée (frigidaire, plaque cuisson, chauffage, vrai lit (2 places), rangements, petite penderie, table, chaises, bouilloire, assiettes, verres, tasses, ...)  Emplacement parfait pour visiter Paris, y passer quelques jours ou comme chambre d'étudiant. Internet très haut débit (fibre opti	Un vrai petit studio pour vous seul !  Quartier Wagram Monceau ultra agréable, près des Champs Elysées (10mn), des Grands Magasins (10 mn) et Montmartre (15mn) Metro, Bus et Vélib à 100 m  Super Rapport qualité/prix/emplacement ! LOCATION:  Proche de la Place de l'Etoile, des Champs-Elysées (10-15mn à pied), du magnifique Parc Monceau (5 mn à pied) et du Quartier des Batignolles (5 mn a pied).  Opéra et Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette) à 5 stations de métro soit 10 mn. Montmartre à 6 stations de métro soit 15mn.  Métro Wagram(Ligne 3) et Bus 31 situé à 1 minute. Nombreux commerçants très proche : boulangeries, cafés, commerces, bars et restaurants.  Très bonne boulangerie a coté de l'immeuble.  Station Vélib très proche : 1mn. DESCRIPTION:  Petit studio (11m2) indépendant au premier étage d'un bel immeuble très calme.  Ascenseur.  Petit pied à terre idéal et économique dans un quartier très agréable et vivant. Chambre toute équipée (frigidaire, plaque cuisson, chauffage, vrai lit (
1035	Grand studio de 35m2 au cœur des Batignolles. Parquet, moulures, cuisine séparée, salle bain avec baignoire. Situé dans un quartier typiquement parisien, à 30 mètres du fameux square. Nombreux restaurants terrasses. Proche métro brochant (L13) ou Rome (L12), station vélo en bas de l'immeuble. Bon séjour à Paris! It will be your flat! furnished appartment (35m2) at the 3rd floor with elevetor.  - Big and nice room with parquet, milling, table, sofa... - Bathroom with bath. - Kitchen for cooking your specialities (oven, micro waves, fridge, freezer, laundry waching machine, table, dishes...) - furnitures: old writting desk, tables, chairs, large wardrobe, comfortable and large sofa bed...). - WIFI, Hifi,  Located in the nice wooded street in the hearth of the famous district at the Batignolles in the 17arrt in Paris, between the Champs Elysées (20 min) and Montmartre (20 min). The district is famous for his safety, his quality of life, his nice and old park (at 50 meters from the flat). 	Grand studio de 35m2 au cœur des Batignolles. Parquet, moulures, cuisine séparée, salle bain avec baignoire. Situé dans un quartier typiquement parisien, à 30 mètres du fameux square. Nombreux restaurants terrasses. Proche métro brochant (L13) ou Rome (L12), station vélo en bas de l'immeuble. Bon séjour à Paris! Grand studio de 35m2 au cœur des Batignolles. Parquet, moulures, cuisine séparée, salle bain avec baignoire. Situé dans un quartier typiquement parisien, à 30 mètres du fameux square. Nombreux restaurants terrasses. Proche métro brochant (L13) ou Rome (L12), station vélo en bas de l'immeuble. Bon séjour à Paris! It will be your flat! furnished appartment (35m2) at the 3rd floor with elevetor.  - Big and nice room with parquet, milling, table, sofa... - Bathroom with bath. - Kitchen for cooking your specialities (oven, micro waves, fridge, freezer, laundry waching machine, table, dishes...) - furnitures: old writting desk, tables, chairs, large wardrobe, comfortable and large so
1036	Très bien situé sur l'avenue des Ternes , métro ( ligne 1 et 2 ) et Champs-Elysées à 5 minutes a pied , boulangerie juste a la sortie de l'immeuble pour un bon petit déjeuner ! Pour se restaurer un excellent restaurant de poisson sur le trottoir d'en face RECH (restaurant d'Alain Ducasse ) Parking en bas de l'immeuble ) Pour une belle journée ensoleillée vous pourrez profiter du parc Monceau	La capacité d'accueil de ce deux pièces est de 2 personnes ,appartement neuf , décoration moderne , entièrement équipé  ( wifi,console, tv, machine à café, lave linge ...) Appartement  situé au 4 ème étages,calme sans vis à vis . Grand lit  Très bien situé sur l'avenue des Ternes , métro ( ligne 1 et 2 ) et Champs-Elysées à 5 minutes a pied , boulangerie juste a la sortie de l'immeuble pour un bon petit déjeuner ! Pour se restaurer un excellent restaurant de poisson sur le trottoir d'en face RECH (restaurant d'Alain Ducasse ) Parking en bas de l'immeuble ) Pour une belle journée ensoleillée vous pourrez profiter du parc Monceau Vous avez accès tout se qu'il y a cher moi ( wifi, console de jeux video, lave linge, tv, dvd , livre...) je ne serai pas présent pendant votre séjour , uniquement pour vous donnez les clées et tout les informations necessaires  Un quartier actif la journée mais calme le soir se qui n'est pas trop mâle pour pouvoir se reposer , beaucoup de restaurant d'excellent
1037		Très lumineux chambre 15 mètres carrés au septième étage sans ascenseur. En face du parc Monceau . Fenêtre sans vis-à-vis sur le toits magnifique.  Coin cuisine avec frigorifique et vitro, douche dans l'interior et WC privé dans le couloir. Très calme et prop.
1038	L'appartement est chaleureux et très confortable, avec sa grande bibliothèque et sa décoration raffinée.  Un balcon exposé sud ouest avec une table et une chaise longue, au calme. Une jolie chambre dans les tons de bleus avec sa salle de bain.	Mon appartement est idéalement situé, dans le 17 ème, à 15 min des Champs Elysées, à 5 min d'une grande avenue commerçante: l'Avenue des Ternes.  Très pratique aussi  pour aller à l aéroport: navette Air France et navette pour Beauvais à 5min. L'appartement est chaleureux et très confortable, avec sa grande bibliothèque et sa décoration raffinée.  Un balcon exposé sud ouest avec une table et une chaise longue, au calme. Une jolie chambre dans les tons de bleus avec sa salle de bain. Le voyageur aura accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement (y compris le balcon) sauf la chambre de la propriétaire. Je pourrais  prêter au voyageur  plans, cartes et guides de Paris. Le 17ème sud est un quartier chic et calme, avec ses commerces de l'Avenue des Ternes, ses jardins Péreire, le marché Poncellet et son somptueux parc Monceau. L'architecture est haussmanniènne, les Champs Elysées et l'Opéra sont à proximité. L'immense bois de Boulogne est à également à 5 min, si vous voulez faire du vélo, ou 
1039		Hello,  Apartment behind Avenue des Champs Elysees with a main room with a sofa bed, a TV, a desk. The apartment has a separate bathroom, a fitted kitchen (fridge, washing machine) and toilet.A 1-minute walk from the metro PORTE MAILLOT
1040	It consists of a bedroom with double bed, a lounge(show) with sofa reads comfortable, of a cooking(kitchen) and a bathroom with bathtub and inclusive TOILETS.  Assured(Insured) WIFI connection. The dishes are supplied; sheets are it also. On the other hand, hand towels are not it Situated in the 6th floor of a hausmannien building recognized to be very quiet, he proposes an incredible view(sight) (elevator in the building) on the Arc de Triomphe. You will be only a few minutes away from the most beautiful Parisian avenue: the Champs-Elysées. Near the building, you will find commercantes streets, restaurants, grocer's shops... Two subway stations (line 2 and line 3) and three bus lines serve the apartment 	It consists of a bedroom with double bed, a lounge(show) with sofa reads comfortable, of a cooking(kitchen) and a bathroom with bathtub and inclusive TOILETS.  Assured(Insured) WIFI connection. The dishes are supplied; sheets are it also. On the other hand, hand towels are not it Situated in the 6th floor of a hausmannien building recognized to be very quiet, he proposes an incredible view(sight) (elevator in the building) on the Arc de Triomphe. You will be only a few minutes away from the most beautiful Parisian avenue: the Champs-Elysées. Near the building, you will find commercantes streets, restaurants, grocer's shops... Two subway stations (line 2 and line 3) and three bus lines serve the apartment 
1041	14m² room + ensuite bathroom (3 m²). The 19th century elegant apartment is built in typical Haussman style with ornate ceilings and parquetry floor.  The top floor apartment faces south and overlooks the boulevard with views to Sacre Coeur church and part of the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is located 60m from Villiers metro station which is on line 2 and 3 – which is only 4 stops to the Arc de Triomphe (Champs Elysées), 6 stations to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) or 4 stations to the Opera. Around the corner Rue des Levis has a permanent market with stalls well away from the usual tourist route. Parc Monceau, one of the best known parks in Paris, is 400m further along the boulevard. Parking in this area can be a problem and somewhat expensive, but public parking is available within 200 metres. The rented room has a double bed, top standard, bought/installed in 2014.  Cupboard and hanging space is available, as well as a desk and shelves.  Guests will share the living room, balcony and kitch	14m² room + ensuite bathroom (4 m²). The 19th century elegant apartment is built in typical Haussman style with ornate ceilings and parquetry floor.  The top floor apartment faces south and overlooks the boulevard with views to Sacre Coeur church and part of the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is located 60m from Villiers metro station which is on line 2 and 3 – which is only 4 stops to the Arc de Triomphe (Champs Elysées), 6 stations to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) or 4 stations to the Opera. Around the corner Rue des Levis has a permanent market with stalls well away from the usual tourist route. Parc Monceau, one of the best known parks in Paris, is 400m further along the boulevard. Parking in this area can be a problem and somewhat expensive, but public parking is available within 200 metres. The rented room has a double bed, top standard, bought/installed in 2014.  Cupboard and hanging space is available, as well as a desk and shelves.  Guests will share the living room, balcony and kitch
1042	"Our flat is calm & luminous as we are on garden (no access). The living is warm-welcome & cosy. We have 1 bedroom with a double-bed and a dressing. The bathroom is big with both a bath / a shower. The kitchen is fully equiped, it is small byt functionnal. All materials are provided. ""Batignolles"" area is outside the center of Paris most visited by tourists. It is a young and family area with a lot of lovely streets to walk on. Many shops & retails are open every day and we find a lot of Café and Brasserie with terrasses."	"Our flat is calm & luminous on a garden (no access). The living is warm-welcome & cosy. We have 1 bedroom with a double-bed and a dressing. The bathroom is big with both a bath / a shower. The kitchen is fully equiped, it is small by functional. All materials are provided. Batignolles district is near main attractions (ChampsElysées, Montmartre, Arc de Triomphe). It is a family area with lovely streets to walk on. Many shops, café, brasseries & retails are open every day. Our flat is calm & luminous as we are on garden (no access). The living is warm-welcome & cosy. We have 1 bedroom with a double-bed and a dressing. The bathroom is big with both a bath / a shower. The kitchen is fully equiped, it is small byt functionnal. All materials are provided. ""Batignolles"" area is outside the center of Paris most visited by tourists. It is a young and family area with a lot of lovely streets to walk on. Many shops & retails are open every day and we find a lot of Café and Brasserie with terrass"
1043	In the heart of the very peaceful, yet young and animated neigborhood of Villiers, our lovely flat is the perfect place to discover Paris.	Pretty flat in Paris, close to a lot of bars and restaurants. 5 minutes on foot to the closest subway station and plenty of shops nearby, also a market on sundays.  In the heart of the very peaceful, yet young and animated neigborhood of Villiers, our lovely flat is the perfect place to discover (website hidden), internet, fully equipped kitchen. Lots of nice and affordable restaurants and bars, also huge amount of lovely shops. Metro Line 2 and 3 (2 minutes walk). St Lazare Train station is up close too (15 minutes walk).
1044		Appartement familial au rez-de-chaussée dans bel immeuble début du siècle, proche parc Monceau et Champs-Elysées, métros, RER, nombreux commerces. Deux chambres (dont l'une en sous-sol), deux salles d'eau, cuisine séparée. Parquet, moulures, cheminée Quartier à la fois calme et très vivant, très bien desservi.
1045	Charming Paris family apartment rental located in the elegant 17th arrondissement close to the sought-after Square des Batignolles and the lively Rue de Levis. Indeed, you will find everything needed in the area: all type of food shops  thanks to a charming daily open-air market in Rue de Levis (Fruits and vegetables, bakeries, patisseries, butchers, cheese, wine), supermarkets, excellent schools, convenient public transport links.	'  Charming 3 bright rooms, for 4 people. 58 sqm in the XVII. Historic building. Accessible by subway 10 mn Montmartre, the Champs Elysees, \ n  Neighborhood, friendly and trendy restaurants, supermarket.  '
1046		2 rooms(parts,plays) - any comfort right in the heart of XVII, very closed to the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe. District Courcelles / with all conveniences ( Shops, subways, restaurants) Situated on the 1st floor on quiet street.
1047	Apartment for 2 to 4 people very functional which is ideally located, 2 steps from the Arc de Triomphe and the Palais des Congrès .	Renovated apartment for up to 4 guests. 2 steps from the Arc de Triomphe , the Champs Elysées luxury boutiques and the Palais des Congrès in Paris. Very functional apartment is ideally located. Apartment for 2 to 4 people very functional which is ideally located, 2 steps from the Arc de Triomphe and the Palais des Congrès . - Wifi internet, ethernet cable, television (BBOX Bouygues Telecom) - Cooking Plate - Microwave - Kettle - Refrigerator - Shower and WC - Hair Dryer We'll see you at the time of check in and check out for the keys. Nice and ideally located 10 minutes walk from the most famous avenue that is the Champs- Elysées, a symbolic place in Paris . In this area you will have available bars, all kinds of restaurants, nightclubs, supermarkets, department stores ... but also small traditional markets (cheese , vegetable , ...) You have a direct access are : -Ligne 3, station Pereire : Les Grans magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayette), Le Canal Saint Martin, Le cimetière Père 
1048	In Paris Batignolles' village (17th district)  The apartment itself is 3 rooms (2 bed rooms + living). It is located on the 3th floor (no elevator).  The apartment fits 2 persons very comfortably. You can easily fit a 3rd person using the single bed room. The bedroom offers a large bed and a full closet where you can store your clothes so you feel at home. The bedroom is located on the inner courtyard and is very quiet.  You'll find a bathroom with shower and hair dryer.  The kitchen is typical fully equipped with kettle, coffee maker, toaster, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove.  You'll also find an authentic fireplace in the living room. The apartment has a flat screen TV with cable channels, wifi internet.	Welcome to a typical parisian apartment: lovely 3 rooms apartment (50 m2) in a vibrant area, the Batignolles. It is on the 3rd floor without lift. All transports and many shops and markets around. In Paris Batignolles' village (17th district)  The apartment itself is 3 rooms (2 bed rooms + living). It is located on the 3th floor (no elevator).  The apartment fits 2 persons very comfortably. You can easily fit a 3rd person using the single bed room. The bedroom offers a large bed and a full closet where you can store your clothes so you feel at home. The bedroom is located on the inner courtyard and is very quiet.  You'll find a bathroom with shower and hair dryer.  The kitchen is typical fully equipped with kettle, coffee maker, toaster, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove.  You'll also find an authentic fireplace in the living room. The apartment has a flat screen TV with cable channels, wifi internet. All access… The neighborhood, 'Les Batignolles', is also typically parisian. A lot
1049	Appartement bien situé dans la rue de Lévis, un quartier avec de nombreux commerces dans le 17ème arrondissement de Paris. Proche du métro Villiers et du Parc Monceau. L'appartement est équipé d'un four micro-ondes, machine à laver, TV , baignoire, d'un grand lit avec un bon matelas….	Appartement idéalement situé dans la rue commerçante de Lévis. Proche des commerces du métro et du Parc Monceau. Il est équipé d'une baignoire, d'un four, d'une machine à laver, d'internet….. Parfait pour un couple qui souhaite visiter Paris. Appartement bien situé dans la rue de Lévis, un quartier avec de nombreux commerces dans le 17ème arrondissement de Paris. Proche du métro Villiers et du Parc Monceau. L'appartement est équipé d'un four micro-ondes, machine à laver, TV , baignoire, d'un grand lit avec un bon matelas…. Quartier reconnu dans Paris car il est dynamique avec de nombreux commerçants.
1050	Come discover our cosy and spacious 60 sqm apartment in the heart of the chic and quiet 17th arrondissement of Paris, a 3 min walk from the nearest metro stop and a 10 min walk from the Champs Elysees. Our Parisian style apartment has been recently renovated and is fully furnished & equipped. It has 2 big rooms both with twin size beds and both with their own bathroom, a spacious living room with a big screen tv and a sunny kitchen with its own washing machine.	Come discover our cosy and spacious 60 sqm apartment in the heart of the 17th arrondissement of Paris, a 10 min walk from the Champs Elysees. Our Parisian style apartment has been recently renovated and is fully furnished & equipped. Come discover our cosy and spacious 60 sqm apartment in the heart of the chic and quiet 17th arrondissement of Paris, a 3 min walk from the nearest metro stop and a 10 min walk from the Champs Elysees. Our Parisian style apartment has been recently renovated and is fully furnished & equipped. It has 2 big rooms both with twin size beds and both with their own bathroom, a spacious living room with a big screen tv and a sunny kitchen with its own washing machine. a 3 min walk from the nearest metro stop and a 10 min walk from the Champs Elysees.
1051	Le quartier est vivant et a de nombreux commerces de proximité (pharmacie, restaurant, bar, supermarché, marché de fruits/légumes, boulangerie, boucherie ..). Draps et serviettes vous seront fournis. Merci de penser aux chaussons pour la maison.	Je loue un studio tout équipé à 2 minutes du métro Brochant (ligne 13). L'appartement est également proche de Montmartre. Le quartier est vivant et a de nombreux commerces de proximité (pharmacie, restaurant, bar, supermarché, marché de fruits/légumes, boulangerie, boucherie ..). Draps et serviettes vous seront fournis. Merci de penser aux chaussons pour la maison.
1052	My apartment is very bright all day long, it consists of a room to be lived where there is a good quality convertible sleeping around, an desk, a table, and two armchairs. There is also a equipped great kitchen and a bathromm / toilets. It is quiet the day and we hear a little the traffic but not of what to prevent you from sleeping. This attractive studio completely decorated in white would suit perfectly for a rather quiet and respectful woman.  The apartment is situated right in the heart of Paris near the garden of Batignolles and street Lamarck ( Montmartre) and very close to the subway (50 meters). It is an at the same time popular and boho district ( bourgeois Bohemian), where there is many businesses, grocer's shops, restaurants, stores of clothes, creators etc.... If you wish I could you indicate the best places because I know my city very well. The linen is supplied:  2 hand towels 1 sheet 1 quilt cover 1 pillowcase  The WiFi and a music i-pod / i-phone station are also suppl	My apartment is very bright all day long, it consists of a room to be lived where there is a good quality convertible sleeping around, an desk, a table, and two armchairs. There is also a equipped great kitchen and a bathromm / toilets. It is quiet the day and we hear a little the traffic but not of what to prevent you from sleeping. This attractive studio completely decorated in white would suit perfectly for a rather quiet and respectful woman.  The apartment is situated right in the heart of Paris near the garden of Batignolles and street Lamarck ( Montmartre) and very close to the subway (50 meters). It is an at the same time popular and boho district ( bourgeois Bohemian), where there is many businesses, grocer's shops, restaurants, stores of clothes, creators etc.... If you wish I could you indicate the best places because I know my city very well. The linen is supplied:  2 hand towels 1 sheet 1 quilt cover 1 pillowcase  The WiFi and a music i-pod / i-phone station are also suppl
1053	Our flat is a very typical old french with exposed beams. It looks like a loft with its high ceilings and mezzanine. At the 6th floor, you will enjoy the view on the garden in the court (very rare in Paris) and even on the Eiffel tower. The kitchen is fully equiped and will enable you to prepare good meals. The bathroom is clean and very convenient. The appartment proves to be ideal for a couple and features a perfect design with old fashioned furnitures and modern equipment. It’s composed of a comfortable double bedrooms, a lovely living room with a great volume to rest after a walking day in Paris and a full bathroom with a bath. Additionally, the separate kitchen is equipped with vitro-ceramic, oven, microwave, refrigerator/freezer and Nespresso coffee maker. Other amenities include an iron/ironing board, TV and DVD player, and Wifi connection. There is an elevator to avoid you use the stairs until the 6th floor. The apartment is located 1km from the Place de l'Etoile, namely the st	Lovely and shining appartment near Champs Elysées, in a safe and cosy area. Very close to the underground (5mn walk to Etoile or Ternes metro), in a street wih many stores and typical french markets.The living area is around 50m2 (550 square foot) Our flat is a very typical old french with exposed beams. It looks like a loft with its high ceilings and mezzanine. At the 6th floor, you will enjoy the view on the garden in the court (very rare in Paris) and even on the Eiffel tower. The kitchen is fully equiped and will enable you to prepare good meals. The bathroom is clean and very convenient. The appartment proves to be ideal for a couple and features a perfect design with old fashioned furnitures and modern equipment. It’s composed of a comfortable double bedrooms, a lovely living room with a great volume to rest after a walking day in Paris and a full bathroom with a bath. Additionally, the separate kitchen is equipped with vitro-ceramic, oven, microwave, refrigerator/freezer and Nes
1054	Situated on the 1st floor, this spacious Parisian apartment is reachable either by lift or stairs. Its 51 square meters of surface makes it desirable for a couple to spend holidays in a quiet but well connected neighbourhood of Paris. The apartment boasts a spacious double bedroom with a comfortable king size bed and large bay windows; a fully equipped open plan kitchen with oven, ceramic hobs, and a dishwasher; a spacious living room with flat screen TV, high speed internet, and a large bathroom with a bath tub and washing machine. 	Maintaining a reputation of being a fashionable district of the French Capital, The Batignolles’ neighborhood was attach to Paris in 1860 offering to its visitors history, story and beauty.  Situated on the 1st floor, this spacious Parisian apartment is reachable either by lift or stairs. Its 51 square meters of surface makes it desirable for a couple to spend holidays in a quiet but well connected neighbourhood of Paris. The apartment boasts a spacious double bedroom with a comfortable king size bed and large bay windows; a fully equipped open plan kitchen with oven, ceramic hobs, and a dishwasher; a spacious living room with flat screen TV, high speed internet, and a large bathroom with a bath tub and washing machine. The apartment is located in the heart of the 17th district of Paris, served by two Metro lines (line 2 and 3). At less than 5 minutes walking you find “Square des Batignolles”, which is marvelous for having a walk or just for having a drink. Less than 10 minutes walk is
1055	A lovely renoved one bedroom with...a quiet terrace, rare in Paris !	"Recently renoved. Very close to the subway and all commodities. This apartment has a great terrace where having a drink is a must. In Batignolles neighborhood. 5 metro stops to Champs Elysées. 10 mn to Montmartre. A lovely renoved one bedroom with...a quiet terrace, rare in Paris ! wifi , TV and equiped kitchen metro ""Brochant"""
1056	2 double bed. One in a bedroom. The other is a sofa that transforms itself in a very good double bed (made for everyday sleep). Big bathroom with italian shower. Fast wifi. Clean blankets, towels, and sheets provided. 	Big 2 rooms flat close from every commodity (metro,bus) in quiet 1-way street. 10 min foot from arc of Triumph,Champs Elysées,Parc Monceau...Typical french market open everyday 5 min foot. Small french wine shop 10 sec foot. Feel like home in paris 2 double bed. One in a bedroom. The other is a sofa that transforms itself in a very good double bed (made for everyday sleep). Big bathroom with italian shower. Fast wifi. Clean blankets, towels, and sheets provided. With CAR AIRFRANCE from both airports : CHARLES DE GAULLE-ETOILE Station is 8 min foot. 50€ taxi (30 min from both airport). Rer or metro peireire (2 min), ternes or Courcelles (5 min). Very easy for moving in paris (20/30 min) metro from Montmartre, louvres, orsay... En voiture, on trouve une place pour se garer en moins de 5 min dans le quartier. Possibilité de se garer devant pour décharger les bagages.  En métro, Pereire est le plus proche sur la ligne 3 (2 min a pied). We will give you the key and show you how works everyt
1057	This is a nice, two pieces apartment in Batignolles, in a lovely district of Paris. The apartment is quiet and well located, perfect for a few days trip in this wonderful city. 	This is a nice, two pieces apartment in Batignolles, in a lovely district of Paris. The apartment is quiet and well located, perfect for a few days trip in this wonderful city.  The flat is 1min from Villiers metro station (line 2 and 3). It is close to Park Monceau (5min walking) and Montmartre (15min walking) and just 5min away from the Champs Elysées and the Opera by metro.  Next to the apartment you can find everything what you need: supermarket, bakery, shops, restaurants, bars...In the rue Levis you have a market, where you can buy traditional french products every day. This cozy flat is ideal for max. 3 persons. A double bed is available in a bedroom and a sofa-bed in the living room. You have everything in the kitchen if you want to cook, or just have a coffee. Bed linen and towels are also provided.  Hope to see you soon!
1058		Ce deux pièces accueillant, calme et fonctionnel idéalement situé entre la place des Ternes et l'Arc de triomphe vous apportera tout le confort nécessaire pour vous sentir chez vous dans le plus beau quartier de la capitale française.
1059	Appartement très lumineux avec une pièce à vivre très bien aménagée et une salle de bain.	A deux pas de l'arc de Triomphe, mon studio de 13m² est situé rue des Acacias dans un quartier tranquille et agréable.   Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur vous pourrez profiter d'un séjour paisible au cœur d'un des quartiers réputés de Paris Appartement très lumineux avec une pièce à vivre très bien aménagée et une salle de bain. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces de mon appartement: salon (chambre) + salle de bain Je serais joignable tout le long de votre séjour par e-mail ou par téléphone en cas de nécessité. Le 17ème arrondissement est très réputé à Paris. Mon appartement se situe à 5 minutes à pied de l'arc de Triomphe et de l'avenue des champs-élysées. Metro 1 à 1 minute à pied Metro 6, 2 et RER A à 5 minutes à pied
1060	A lovely and cosy 1 studio appartement in the 17th district. The neighbourhood is safe and quiet and you can find shops, bakeries, pharmacies steps away from the flat. Close to local bars and restaurants in the lovely Batignolles district (I will leave you my recommendation on the fridge).	The flat is 15 minutes walk from Montmartre, the Champs-Elysées, the Opéra and Grands magasins and nearby a market (Lévis), 3 parks (one of them Parc Monceau) and many supermarkets.  It is the ideal place to stay when you visit Paris ! A lovely and cosy 1 studio appartement in the 17th district. The neighbourhood is safe and quiet and you can find shops, bakeries, pharmacies steps away from the flat. Close to local bars and restaurants in the lovely Batignolles district (I will leave you my recommendation on the fridge). The apartment features a spacious living room with a bed, a table to have your meals and a fatboy beanbag to relax, a bathroom with full bath and hot water and a kitchen with gas stove, coffee machine, oven, microwaves oven and fridge. You can enjoy the wifi if you have a computer with you.  If I'm in town, don't hesitate to give me a call if you need any advice on your trip!
1061	Situé dans le quartier Lévis, l'appartement est agréable et confortable.  Situé au dernier étage au sein d'une cour et dans un lieu réunissant des jeunes couples et familles, l'appartement est calme.   Il se divise en deux parties réparties sur 55m² :  le coin chambre - cuisine - salle de bain - toilettes; et le coin salon - salle à manger.  La chambre contient un grand lit. La cuisine est complètement équipée : four, micro onde, lave vaisselle, frigo, machine à laver. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire.  Les transports et commerces (pharmacie, monoprix, franprix, boulangerie, marché avec fruits et légumes tous les jours, etc...) se situent à proximité. Deux squares sont accessibles à 5 min à pied. Vous pourrez également aller jusqu'au parc Monceau à pied.	Appartement confortable et spacieux au coeur du quartier convivial de Lévis (17ème arrondissement).  Situé au sein d'une cour et au dernier étage, le calme vous permettra de profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Métro et commerces à proximité. Situé dans le quartier Lévis, l'appartement est agréable et confortable.  Situé au dernier étage au sein d'une cour et dans un lieu réunissant des jeunes couples et familles, l'appartement est calme.   Il se divise en deux parties réparties sur 55m² :  le coin chambre - cuisine - salle de bain - toilettes; et le coin salon - salle à manger.  La chambre contient un grand lit. La cuisine est complètement équipée : four, micro onde, lave vaisselle, frigo, machine à laver. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire.  Les transports et commerces (pharmacie, monoprix, franprix, boulangerie, marché avec fruits et légumes tous les jours, etc...) se situent à proximité. Deux squares sont accessibles à 5 min à pied. Vous pourrez également aller ju
1062		Charming and elegant cosy apartment.  6th and last floor with an elevator.  Métro (email hidden) by walk)
1063	The room is in a typical parisian style apartment.  The apartment is pretty big and you can use all the communal space for your stay (kitchen, living-room...).	You will have a private room in an typical parisian apartment shared with local people, nice, discreet and helpful. You will have access to the shared rooms (living room, kitchen with equipments...). The room is in a typical parisian style apartment.  The apartment is pretty big and you can use all the communal space for your stay (kitchen, living-room...). You will always have someone else in the apartment to help and answer your questions if necessary. BUt you will be also absolutely free for your stay! Very nice neighborhood, close to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, it is nice for both visiting during the day and for the night life.  Very convinient access to the apartment with two metro lines (2 and 13) as well as several buses, night buses, and 2 bikes stations around the building.
1064	3 rooms apartment of 50m2. 2 bedrooms: > Fitted baby (crib bar, changing table ...) Ability to transform into a bedroom for young children with an inflatable bed in 110 (there is an inflatable mattress + bed frame with motor inflation system, it we happen to sleep on is comfortable enough) > A room with a bed 140 A fully equipped kitchen (oven + microwave + robot + fridge + cooking chef espresso + toaster juicer + + + centrifuge whatever it takes to make a good meal! + Dishwasher) A bathroom, washing machine, hairdryer A lounge with a bistro table (possibility of having a table for 4/6 places if needed) Sofa TV / amp / speakers	Nice flat, 2 bedrooms (1 baby bedroom), 1 living room with sofa. Only 5 min walks from Champs Elysées, Palais des congrès,close to many lines station; you could reach Eiffel tower, Louvre museum, Montmartre...within 10-15min. 3 rooms apartment of 50m2. 2 bedrooms: > Fitted baby (crib bar, changing table ...) Ability to transform into a bedroom for young children with an inflatable bed in 110 (there is an inflatable mattress + bed frame with motor inflation system, it we happen to sleep on is comfortable enough) > A room with a bed 140 A fully equipped kitchen (oven + microwave + robot + fridge + cooking chef espresso + toaster juicer + + + centrifuge whatever it takes to make a good meal! + Dishwasher) A bathroom, washing machine, hairdryer A lounge with a bistro table (possibility of having a table for 4/6 places if needed) Sofa TV / amp / speakers The area is typically Parisian, with Haussmann buildings, many small restaurants and cafes. It's pretty quiet, but a 5-minute walk you can
1065	"Logement très bien exposé, très lumineux, très agréable à vivre au quotidien, très calme. A louer à la journée, pour le Week-end ou à la semaine, situé dans le quartier des Batignolles, dans le 17ème arrondissement. Un appartement à l'atmosphère ""cosy"" et ""Zen"", avec des planchers en bois, 1 Cheminées, Wi-Fi, Tv dans le salon avec le câble et canal+. Il se compose de 2 chambres, un salon spacieux, une salle de bain, un toilette séparé et une terrasse privative. Une cuisine entièrement équipée, micro-ondes, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine à café «Nespresso». Idéal pour vivre dans un appartement typiquement Parisien, entre mobilier contemporain et moderne."	"Joli appartement avec terrasse dans le quartier des Batignolles à Paris dans le 17ème arrondissement : 2 chambres, 1 salle de bain, 1 wc séparé, 1 cuisine ouverte, 1 salle/salon. Appartement très bien desservi  : ligne C du RER et métro ligne 13. Logement très bien exposé, très lumineux, très agréable à vivre au quotidien, très calme. A louer à la journée, pour le Week-end ou à la semaine, situé dans le quartier des Batignolles, dans le 17ème arrondissement. Un appartement à l'atmosphère ""cosy"" et ""Zen"", avec des planchers en bois, 1 Cheminées, Wi-Fi, Tv dans le salon avec le câble et canal+. Il se compose de 2 chambres, un salon spacieux, une salle de bain, un toilette séparé et une terrasse privative. Une cuisine entièrement équipée, micro-ondes, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine à café «Nespresso». Idéal pour vivre dans un appartement typiquement Parisien, entre mobilier contemporain et moderne. Situé à 15 minutes  de la Tour Eiffel par le RER C et 15 minutes des Champs Élys"
1066	Le confort	Ce deux pièces tout équipé, situé près du quartier des Batignolles (5mn à pied) et de Montmartre (20mn à pied) et avec bus et métro à proximité, vous offrira tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjour parisien. Espaces vert ; petits et grands commerces, à moins de 5mn à pied. Le confort Wifi, câble hdmi pour regarder des films via un ordinateur sur un écran 104 cm, lave vaisselle, lave linge. Se ballader Bus 66 ou 54 ou 74 ou 31 ou 81 ou métro L.13 ou taxi ou V.T.C. La cuisine toute équipée, parfaite pour cuisiner de bons petits plats
1067	Situé dans un immeuble Haussmanien, très proche du Parc Monceau et à 10 minutes à pieds des Champs Elysées. Ce studio est idéal pour vos courts séjours touristiques, pour optimiser tous vos déplacements et vos différentes visites (musées, monuments, ou tous simplement les beaux quartiers parisiens). Idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule	Derrière le Parc Monceau et dans une rue calme, ce studio est idéalement placé pour quelques jours de tourisme de rêve.  Ensoleillé toute la journée et proche de toutes commodités.  10 mins à pieds des Champs Elysées Métros 2&3 à proximité Situé dans un immeuble Haussmanien, très proche du Parc Monceau et à 10 minutes à pieds des Champs Elysées. Ce studio est idéal pour vos courts séjours touristiques, pour optimiser tous vos déplacements et vos différentes visites (musées, monuments, ou tous simplement les beaux quartiers parisiens). Idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule Draps,  Serviette,  Shampoing,  Gel Couche Je reste à votre disposition pour toutes autres informations  Vous apprécierez la proximité de ce logement avec le métro :  - moins de 3 minutes pour la ligne 2 - à 5 minutes de la ligne 3.  
1068	The leaving room is really spacious.  We put our heart in choosing vintage  furniture from designers. Mixed with a French style (ceiling molding, fireplace -non working, and parquet ) this apartment is really pleasant to leave in. 2 bedrooms  ( 2 separate bathrooms ) 2 kids can sleep  1 fully equipped kitchen	You are invited to stay in a parisian georgous three roomed flat located in a quiet area. Based 10 mn walking from batignolles or Place des Ternes, .
1069	Hello,  We rent our 40m² 2 rooms flat when we are going on vacation. It is a perfect place to spend week-ends or holidays with your lover, family or friends. We will make sure you will enjoy staying and relaxing there as much as we do.  The flat The flat is at the first floor of a small building which comprises only 4 flats. It has recently been renovated.	"Lovely 40 m² flat close from many famous and lively Parisian neighborhoods. Charmant appartement de 40m² à proximité de plusieurs quartiers parisiens célèbres et vivants Hello,  We rent our 40m² 2 rooms flat when we are going on vacation. It is a perfect place to spend week-ends or holidays with your lover, family or friends. We will make sure you will enjoy staying and relaxing there as much as we do.  The flat The flat is at the first floor of a small building which comprises only 4 flats. It has recently been renovated. You will have access to the whole flat. We will provide you maps, touristic guides (in French) and few tips to guide you in the neighborhood (good restaurants, nice bars etc.) The flat is located at the border of the 17th and 18th arrondissements, in a charming and paved ""passage"" (see the main picture). In the heart of a dynamic and young neighborhood, and close to the Batignolles (5 min. walk), Pigalle and the famous ""Moulin Rouge"" (10 min. walk) or Montmartre (20 "
1070	This very nice recently refurbished apartment is located at the 5th a floor of a typical Parisian building, in the charming Batignolles area.  It can comfortably accommodate up to 3 adult guests or a family with 2 kids.  Very bright with double exposure, it is also very quiet. The flat has been renovated 2 years ago and is very comfortable and well equipped with: - a big & new bed (200 x 240) in the parental room, a kid bed and a convertible sofa in the living-room; - an open and totally equipped kitchen ; - a spatious bathroom with a shower and a bath tube; - separated toilets.	Beautiful, bright anrecently refurbished apartment located in a typically Parisian building, in the charming Batignolles area.  Very comfortable 70 m2 flat, 1 double room and 1 kid room, open kitchen wholly equipped, spatious bathroom. This very nice recently refurbished apartment is located at the 5th a floor of a typical Parisian building, in the charming Batignolles area.  It can comfortably accommodate up to 3 adult guests or a family with 2 kids.  Very bright with double exposure, it is also very quiet. The flat has been renovated 2 years ago and is very comfortable and well equipped with: - a big & new bed (200 x 240) in the parental room, a kid bed and a convertible sofa in the living-room; - an open and totally equipped kitchen ; - a spatious bathroom with a shower and a bath tube; - separated toilets. Decorated with taste, it offers comfortable furniture and is fully equipped:  - all cooking facilities (oven, micro-waves, toaster, boiler, Nespresso coffee machine); - washing m
1071	DESCRIPTION:  65m2/700 sq ft: 2 bedrooms (1 double bed, 1 single) and 1 living room with convertible bed (double bed), full equipped kitchen, entrance, bathroom and toilets separated. Cable TV, wifi, washing machine, bathtub and piano!  Balcony (double bedroom and living room) with table and chairs. 5th floor (french), lift.	"Do Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées sound familiar ? Cause you can reach those places within only 10 minutes. Poncelet Street is a pedestrian street with open market everyday. Right next door is a bakery and across the road are the grocery stores. DESCRIPTION:  65m2/700 sq ft: 2 bedrooms (1 double bed, 1 single) and 1 living room with convertible bed (double bed), full equipped kitchen, entrance, bathroom and toilets separated. Cable TV, wifi, washing machine, bathtub and piano!  Balcony (double bedroom and living room) with table and chairs. 5th floor (french), lift. Do Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées sound familiar ? Cause you can reach those places within only 10 minutes. Poncelet Street is a pedestrian street with open market everyday. Right next door is a bakery and across the road are the grocery stores. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION: - 10 min to Metro station ""Charles de Gaulle - Etoile"" (Arc de Triomphe), line 1 perfect to reach museums and line 6 to reach the Eiffel Tour, RER A t"
1072	The studio is situated on the first floor (with elevator) of a modern Parisian building built in the 90's.  It is very luminous, spacious and has its own private patio overlooking the neighbourhood. The apartment was recently and is decorated with a mix of Parisian and modern style. The kitchen is fully equiped (fridge, microwave, oven, stove, toaster, kettle, coffee machine and all basic kitchen utensils to cook) and benefits from an open kitchen that overlooks the living room. The living room is decorated with one comfortable pull out sofa bed (Double size: 140x190 cm), a coffee table, flat screen TV and plenty of storage space. Sheets, bed covers as well as towels are all provided. A folding baby crib is available for a young couple with a child (up to 3 years old) The flat also benefits from Wi-Fi internet connection.	Modern and cosy apartment located in the heart of the 17th Arrondissement near Montmartre Place de Clichy metro station (line 2 and 13) is within 3 minutes walking distance with access to all the main tourist attractions (Champs Elysees, Opera ...) The studio is situated on the first floor (with elevator) of a modern Parisian building built in the 90's.  It is very luminous, spacious and has its own private patio overlooking the neighbourhood. The apartment was recently and is decorated with a mix of Parisian and modern style. The kitchen is fully equiped (fridge, microwave, oven, stove, toaster, kettle, coffee machine and all basic kitchen utensils to cook) and benefits from an open kitchen that overlooks the living room. The living room is decorated with one comfortable pull out sofa bed (Double size: 140x190 cm), a coffee table, flat screen TV and plenty of storage space. Sheets, bed covers as well as towels are all provided. A folding baby crib is available for a young couple with 
1073	"up to 4 people nice flat next to 'montmartre"" verry quiet place to live (no probleme to make noise in the evening because no neighbourg) in an verry popullar area next to bar and restaurant ,internet ,tv ;hi fi.1 floor"	"nice flat whith 1 bed for two and a convertible sofa ;20mn from ""montmartre and champ elysée"".including sheets and towels.the metro station is 5mn from the flat and a supermarket next to my door.verry quiet wi fi,washing machine ,cofee machine;tv. up to 4 people nice flat next to 'montmartre"" verry quiet place to live (no probleme to make noise in the evening because no neighbourg) in an verry popullar area next to bar and restaurant ,internet ,tv ;hi fi.1 floor"
1074	Birdsong will demonstrate you the calm of this apartment in ground floor overlooking the inner courtyard of the building, even though it is located just a few steps away from the subway. The park along the entire boulevard will bring a touch of greenery, and the inside of the apartment will seduce you with its simplicity but also its equipment. The apartment is handicapped accessible since it is at ground floor. Ideal for a romantic getaway or family (the sofa in the living room is convertible).	Located 15 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées and 10 from the Parc Monceau, this charming 2r. with kitchen, WiFi and TV can accommodate 2 to 4 persons Birdsong will demonstrate you the calm of this apartment in ground floor overlooking the inner courtyard of the building, even though it is located just a few steps away from the subway. The park along the entire boulevard will bring a touch of greenery, and the inside of the apartment will seduce you with its simplicity but also its equipment. The apartment is handicapped accessible since it is at ground floor. Ideal for a romantic getaway or family (the sofa in the living room is convertible). Located in a safe, commercial and cozy, with all amenities nearby. 3 minute walk from Pereire (line3 or RER C) 10 minutes from Porte Maillot (line 1) 15 minutes from Charles de Gaulle Etoile/Trimph Arc (bus to the airports, line 1, 2, 6 and RER A) Many buses serve the neighborhood.
1075		Well placed and charming apartment between Montmartre and Les Batignolles, close to all the grocery stores and restaurants.  7th floor without elevator BUT the view is amazing. Contact me for a warmful time in this city :)
1076		Au cœur du quartier animé Charles de Gaulle Etoile-Ternes (500 m de l'Arc de Triomphe). Tous commerces au pied de l'immeuble, accès direct par métro. Grand salon lumineux,  une chambre sur cour arborée. Salle de bains de charme. Famille bienvenue.
1077	This beautiful apartment is perfect for a romantic stay in Paris. You will live in the heart of the city, and will have access to every shops, bars, and restaurants you may need. The flat is on the 4th floor of a quiet building with elevator.	This 37 sq/ft apartment with a direct view on the Sacré Coeur is located in a trendy district with many restaurants and shops. 4 minutes walk from the subway (Guy Moquet or Brochant stations). 15 minutes walk from Montmartre. This beautiful apartment is perfect for a romantic stay in Paris. You will live in the heart of the city, and will have access to every shops, bars, and restaurants you may need. The flat is on the 4th floor of a quiet building with elevator. The kitchen is fully equiped: coffee machine, toaster, blender, microwaves... We will provide you pillows, clean sheets, towels and blanket. Bars, restaurants, shops, parcs... You will love the atmosphere of the neighborhood, typical parisian spirit, many parisians cafés and markets. We will provide you with the wifi code
1078		Dans le 18ème arrondissement, quartier Montmartre, agréable appartement 2 pièces, très lumineux. A 15 minutes à pied du sacré coeur, ou 3 minutes en métro. A cinq stations de métro de la Gare Saint-Lazare.  Chambre + canapé convertible dans le salon
1079	 L appartement se situe dans un immeuble Haussmannien classé. Il est complètement refait à neuf et sous les toits de Paris. L'espace est ouvert et aéré. Déco plutôt design Il est particulièrement  calme et très lumineux . 	Loft Design et cosy de 50m2 sous les toits ,très lumineux et très calme dans l'une des plus belles rues de Paris. Situé à 2 pas du parc Monceau, de l'Arc de triomphe et des Champs élysées. Quartier vivant.  Nombreux magasins et restaurants. L appartement se situe dans un immeuble Haussmannien classé. Il est complètement refait à neuf et sous les toits de Paris. L'espace est ouvert et aéré. Déco plutôt design Il est particulièrement  calme et très lumineux . appartement entier Si besoin durant votre séjour vous pourrez me contacter par sms La rue est très calme mais le quartier très vivant. Courses Alimentaires : Marché Poncelet dans la rue Poncelet à 2mn de l appartement  magasins variés et restaurants bd des ternes et bd de courcelles. Parc monceau à 5 mn Etoile et champs élysées à 10mn à pieds Metro Courcelles le plus proche sinon Ternes ou Etoile RER charles de Gaulle Etoile à 8mn à pieds  velib au niveau du metro courcelles. Voiturier dans la rue de 9h à 17 H  ( tarif à négocier av
1080		Propose une pièce réservée avec canapé lit, tout confort, dans un appartement au pied du métro à 10 mn des Champs Elysées. Calme, accessible et très facile de se déplacer dans Paris et sa (website hidden) pas être allergique au chat. Disponible et discret
1081	- Chambre indépendante avec un vrai lit 2 personnes - Cuisine indépendante - Salle d'eau indépendante - Salon de taille moyenne - WIFI	"Joli deux pièces de 32 m2 situé dans le quartier des batignoles.  A 7 stations de Métro des Champs Elysées et à 6 stations de Montmartre - Chambre indépendante avec un vrai lit 2 personnes - Cuisine indépendante - Salle d'eau indépendante - Salon de taille moyenne - WIFI - Depuis l'Aéroport de Roissy Charles de Gaulle (50 minutes de trajet environ) : 1. Prendre le RER B Direction ""Robinson"" ou ""St Rémy-les-Chevreuses"" jusqu'à l'arrêt ""GARE DU NORD"" (35 minutes de trajet environ)  2. Ensuite prendre le RER E Direction ""Saint Lazare"" et jusqu'à l'arrêt ""SAINT LAZARE"" (5 minutes de trajet environ) 3. Enfin prendre le Métro Ligne 13 Direction ""Asnières Genevilliers"" jusqu'à l'arrêt ""PORTE DE CLICHY"" (Sortie Boulevard Berthier)  - Depuis l'Aéroport d'Orly (1h10 minutes de trajet environ) : 1. Prendre le RER C Direction ""Montigny-Beauchamp"" jusqu'à l'arrêt ""PORTE DE CLICHY"" puis sortir ""Boulevard Berthier"" - Depuis la Gare St Lazare (10 minutes de trajet environ) : 1. Prendre le Métro Ligne "
1082	2 pieces salon et chambre séparés salle de bain toilettes et kitchenette	Charmant 2 pièces neuf pouvant acceuillir jusqu'à 4 personnes dans immeuble Haussmannien quartier très calme, près du métro et des commerces,15 min a pieds des Champs Elysées, 5 min du Parc Monceau, proche de Montmartre, idéalement situé dans Paris. 2 pieces salon et chambre séparés salle de bain toilettes et kitchenette Télévision, cafetiere dolce gusto, micro ondes, seche cheveux...tout confort. quartier calme mais proche des champs Elysées et de la place des Ternes parc Monceau très agréable  metro Wagram ligne 3 a 5 min a pieds et Ternes ligne 2 a 10 min a pieds, nombreux bus a proximité.
1083	Nous louons un petit studio de 29 m2 renové en 2011. Trés calme, le studio ouvre sur un parc et il se situe  au 5ème étage avec ascenseur.  L'endroit est très lumineux car il est exposé plein sud. Les fenêtres sont neuves et possèdent un double vitrage.  - TV câble - internet - cuisine trés bien équipée: cuisinière  , four électrique, micro-ondes, cafetière et bouilloire.  - table pour 6 personnes.  - Lit pour deux personnes.  Le studio se trouve à environ 100 mètres du métro La Fourche sur la ligne 13. Il faut compter 20 mètres pour arriver aux arrêts de bus (74, 54, 81). Il y a aussi des taxis à place Clichy qui se trouve à environ 5 minutes de marche. Proche des Champs Elysées et de Montmartre. Il y a une laverie juste en face dans la rue.  Il y a une boulangerie à 10 mètres, mais également deux  supermarchés à proximité (200 mètres) Vous êtes proches de tout! Pour plus d'information, veuillez nous contacter. Le paiement, sécurisé, se fait en ligne via Airbnb. 	Nous louons un petit studio de 29 m2 renové en 2011. Trés calme, le studio ouvre sur un parc et il se situe  au 5ème étage avec ascenseur.  L'endroit est très lumineux car il est exposé plein sud. Les fenêtres sont neuves et possèdent un double vitrage.  - TV câble - internet - cuisine trés bien équipée: cuisinière  , four électrique, micro-ondes, cafetière et bouilloire.  - table pour 6 personnes.  - Lit pour deux personnes.  Le studio se trouve à environ 100 mètres du métro La Fourche sur la ligne 13. Il faut compter 20 mètres pour arriver aux arrêts de bus (74, 54, 81). Il y a aussi des taxis à place Clichy qui se trouve à environ 5 minutes de marche. Proche des Champs Elysées et de Montmartre. Il y a une laverie juste en face dans la rue.  Il y a une boulangerie à 10 mètres, mais également deux  supermarchés à proximité (200 mètres) Vous êtes proches de tout! Pour plus d'information, veuillez nous contacter. Le paiement, sécurisé, se fait en ligne via Airbnb. 
1084	L'appartement est situé dans le quartier calme des Batignolles. Très bien desservi - métro ligne 2 et 13, de nombreux bus - il sera un parfait pied à terre pour profiter de Paris. 3 chambres sont à votre disposition : 1 chambre avec un lit double, 2 chambres  comprenant chacune 1 lit mezzanine et un canapé convertible. A savoir avant de réserver : l'appartement n'est pas été refait récemment, les peintures ne sont pas de première fraicheur, et l'espace pour prendre les repas est petit. Les 3 chambres et la proximité des transports et le tarif avantageux compenseront largement cela! La salle de bain et la cuisine sont de petite taille et mais très pratiques. La machine à laver est également à votre disposition.	Bienvenue dans mon appartement situé dans le quartier tranquille des Batignolles, près de Montmartre. 3 chambres individuelles vous attendent pour un séjour agréable à Paris. A bientôt L'appartement est situé dans le quartier calme des Batignolles. Très bien desservi - métro ligne 2 et 13, de nombreux bus - il sera un parfait pied à terre pour profiter de Paris. 3 chambres sont à votre disposition : 1 chambre avec un lit double, 2 chambres  comprenant chacune 1 lit mezzanine et un canapé convertible. A savoir avant de réserver : l'appartement n'est pas été refait récemment, les peintures ne sont pas de première fraicheur, et l'espace pour prendre les repas est petit. Les 3 chambres et la proximité des transports et le tarif avantageux compenseront largement cela! La salle de bain et la cuisine sont de petite taille et mais très pratiques. La machine à laver est également à votre disposition. L'ensemble de l'appartement est à votre disposition Je serai absente lors de votre séjour, je p
1085	Déco parfaite et proximité des lieux touristiques par le métro.	Joli studio de 30m2 dans le quartier des batignolles (75017) Rue BERZELIUS. Tout confort, cuisine équipée, four frigo machine à laver, grande SDB. Apprt refait à neuf en décembre 2012. A deux pas de Montmartre, grands magasins et des métros. Déco parfaite et proximité des lieux touristiques par le (website hidden), Wifi, Four, Micro Ondes, Frigo, Radio... Le quartier familial des Batignolles, le Parc des Batignolles et Martin Luther King Les petits restau très bobo ou très populaires au choix Ligne métro 13 (brochant) Ligne RER C (Porte de Clichy) Depuis les aéroports : RER jusque Gare du nord, puis direct bus 54 TV Internet par WIFI Equipé (Four, micro ondes, frigo...)
1086	Located on the 9th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a secured door with an intercom. The apartment has a 4 sqm balcony offering a wonderful view on the Montmartre Hill with the Sacré Coeur on top of it, and a clear view in front of you. This apartment has many large windows, the apartment is therefore extremely bright. It will be a real pleasure to live in it ! This comfortable 52 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and two bathrooms. It can sleep up to four guests. The entrance corridor leads to all the room : the living-room is on the back, it is lovely, very bright, bathed in sun when the weather allows it thanks to the many windows and the clear view. It features a sofabed (140×200), a coffee table and armchairs. The dining area features a dining table that can comfortably accommodate up to six guests. The French windows open on a balcony that offers a great view on the Montmartre Hill. The kitchen is very well equipped. It has an entrance door giving on t	Extremely luminous and comfortable 1-bedroom apartment with two bathrooms suitable for four people to rent in Paris, near the famous Levis Street, with a great view on the Sacre Coeur on top of the Montmartre Hill. Located on the 9th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a secured door with an intercom. The apartment has a 4 sqm balcony offering a wonderful view on the Montmartre Hill with the Sacré Coeur on top of it, and a clear view in front of you. This apartment has many large windows, the apartment is therefore extremely bright. It will be a real pleasure to live in it ! This comfortable 52 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and two bathrooms. It can sleep up to four guests. The entrance corridor leads to all the room : the living-room is on the back, it is lovely, very bright, bathed in sun when the weather allows it thanks to the many windows and the clear view. It features a sofabed (140×200), a coffee table and armchairs. The dining area features a dinin
1087	The lounge is composed of a sofa bed very comfortable and a table (4-6 people). Connection to a free WiFi network is possible. The bedroom is organized with a single bed, a big empty closet and a full-length mirror. All the sheets, the braids and the pillows are supplied (for the single bed and the sofa bed). The bathroom has a bathtub, a towel dryer, a hairdryer and a curling tongs. Towels are supplied. The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, a freezer, of two baking sheet, of one microwaves, of an oven, a toaster, an electric kettle, a blender, one press citrus fruit and of a washing machine. Dishes, flatware, kitchen utensils, pans and frying pans are supplied. The district is very safe and is situated near the public transportation: It's hardly 1-minute walk to Etoile-Charles de Gaulle station (RER A and Subway 1, 2 and 6) and station of bicycle hire (Vélib). 	Very beautiful apartment at Etoile-Charles de Gaulle station, situated on the fourth floor (with elevator) of a Haussmann building. It overlooks the courtyard and it is very quiet and bright. 42 m The lounge is composed of a sofa bed very comfortable and a table (4-6 people). Connection to a free WiFi network is possible. The bedroom is organized with a single bed, a big empty closet and a full-length mirror. All the sheets, the braids and the pillows are supplied (for the single bed and the sofa bed). The bathroom has a bathtub, a towel dryer, a hairdryer and a curling tongs. Towels are supplied. The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, a freezer, of two baking sheet, of one microwaves, of an oven, a toaster, an electric kettle, a blender, one press citrus fruit and of a washing machine. Dishes, flatware, kitchen utensils, pans and frying pans are supplied. The district is very safe and is situated near the public transportation: It's hardly 1-minute walk to Etoile-Charles de Gaul
1088	Grand et bel appartement datant de la fin du 19éme bien situé. 	Apparte situé entre les Batignolles & la Place de Clichy (proche de Pigalle & du Sacré Coeur) au 5éme étage avec ascenceur. Chambre spacieuse + grand balcon (vue sur toits) + une salle de bain + TV. Accès à une partie du grand salon avec balcon. Grand et bel appartement datant de la fin du 19éme bien situé. Accés aux sanitaires, à la cuisine, buanderie, à une partie du salon avec grand balcon. Mon numéro perso vous sera communiqué. Ainsi une aide sera apportée 24h/24h concernant toutes questions ou problèmes relatifs à l'appartement ou autres. Placé entre la Place de Clichy & le square des Batignolles, le quartier est dynamique grâce à la multitude de restaurants, de bars & de commerces. Il est également proche de Pigalle ainsi que de Montmartre et son Sacré -Coeur. L'appartement est situé à côté du métro Rome L2 ainsi que de la Place de Clichy L2 + L13. Possibilité de se garer en voiture en fonction des places disponibles dans la rue. Le sens de l'accueil pour moi est trés important e
1089	The apartment is on the 4th floor with a clear and luminous view. It's have been renovated on June 2013:  The bathroom is equipped with a shower, toilet, washing machine, hair dresser. I provide towels.  The kitchen is handy and well equipped (fridge, oven, gas hob, coffee maker, table for 4 persons or more). The flat is divided in 2 parts: First, the entrance with the kitchen and bathroom. Secondly, the living room with sofa, coffee table, TV, Hi-fi, DVD player, wifi. The bed is in this room. Do not be surprised if you don't see it. The bed is settled above your head. It permit to keep the place clear during the day (see pictures).  I can also provide an air mattress (with an electric pump) for a third person.	Comfortable flat (30m2) between Montmartre & Les Batignolles.  The apartment is on the 4th floor with a clear and luminous view. It's have been renovated on June 2013:  The bathroom is equipped with a shower, toilet, washing machine, hair dresser. I provide towels.  The kitchen is handy and well equipped (fridge, oven, gas hob, coffee maker, table for 4 persons or more). The flat is divided in 2 parts: First, the entrance with the kitchen and bathroom. Secondly, the living room with sofa, coffee table, TV, Hi-fi, DVD player, wifi. The bed is in this room. Do not be surprised if you don't see it. The bed is settled above your head. It permit to keep the place clear during the day (see pictures).  I can also provide an air mattress (with an electric pump) for a third person. The area is nice and safe. You have got plenty of shops: bakery, cheesemonger, grocery, delicatessen... and also trendy boutiques,  brocantes (flea/antiquary), bar and bistro. it is nice to walk around until Square d
1090	Situé dans une quartier très calme proche du Square des Batignolles, des marchés Poncelet (15mn à pied) et rue de Lévis, Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Opéra (10mn en bus), l'appartement peut accueillir	Built in the 19th century in a typical Haussman style, the building is located in a very quiet area closed to the Parc Monceau, Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Opéra, Batignolles. Charming apart for a family : 1 bedroom and 2 bed sofa.
1091	Le rez-de-chaussée est composé d'une grande pièce de 70 m² offrant cuisine, salon et salle à manger ainsi qu’un WC invités. Le premier sous une grande verrière comporte 4  chambres (1 lit double, 1 lit soit double soit en version lit simple et possibilité de mettre 1 matelas au sol 1 place et 2 chambres avec lit simple pour enfants) et 1 salle de bain avec toilettes et un grand palier permettant de lire se reposer ou jouer. Au troisième, une 5ème chambre (lit double) et une salle d'eau avec une grande douche (2 m) et un toilette. Au sous-sol se situe la buanderie (lave-linge et sèche-linge) et l'espace de gym avec 1 vélo elliptique, grand miroir et barre de danse pour continuer le sport même en vacances! La cour en usage privatif permet de vous relaxer (2 chaises longues) ou de déjeuner ou diner (table 6 places) en extérieur.  Nous avons plusieurs ventilateurs à dispositions des convives en cas de grosse chaleur.	Notre maison permet d'accueillir jusqu'à 6 adultes, 2 enfants et 1 bébé. Chacun trouvera son espace dans les 200m² qu'elle offre sur 3 étages et sa cour privative de 30 m² au calme en plein Paris.  Des frais de ménage de 110€ sont payables en cash. Le rez-de-chaussée est composé d'une grande pièce de 70 m² offrant cuisine, salon et salle à manger ainsi qu’un WC invités. Le premier sous une grande verrière comporte 4  chambres (1 lit double, 1 lit soit double soit en version lit simple et possibilité de mettre 1 matelas au sol 1 place et 2 chambres avec lit simple pour enfants) et 1 salle de bain avec toilettes et un grand palier permettant de lire se reposer ou jouer. Au troisième, une 5ème chambre (lit double) et une salle d'eau avec une grande douche (2 m) et un toilette. Au sous-sol se situe la buanderie (lave-linge et sèche-linge) et l'espace de gym avec 1 vélo elliptique, grand miroir et barre de danse pour continuer le sport même en vacances! La cour en usage privatif permet de v
1092	Petite chambre privative sur cour dans un charmant 3 pièces au coeur du 17e arrondissement de Paris. Calme et lumineux (5ème étage sans ascenseur), l'appartement a été refait à neuf il y a peu de temps et offre toutes les commodités nécessaires pour un séjour dans un quartier encore authentique de la capitale.	Chambre sur cour dans un charmant 3 pièces au coeur du vivant quartier de Guy Môquet dans le 17e. Calme et lumineux. A 5 minutes de marche de Montmartre et à 10 minutes des Batignolles. Nombreux commerces de proximité, nombreux bars et restaurants. Petite chambre privative sur cour dans un charmant 3 pièces au coeur du 17e arrondissement de Paris. Calme et lumineux (5ème étage sans ascenseur), l'appartement a été refait à neuf il y a peu de temps et offre toutes les commodités nécessaires pour un séjour dans un quartier encore authentique de la capitale. Vous aurez accès à la douche avec WC, et à la pièce principale constituée d'un salon relativement spacieux et d'une cuisine ouverte. Vous aurez accès à internet et pourrez cuisiner comme vous l'entendez. Guy Môquet se situe tout en bas de la butte Montmartre, à 5 minutes de marche des ruelles pavées et des traditionnels cafés montmartrois. A 10 minutes de marche, vous pourrez sortir boire un verre ou manger un morceau dans un des multi
1093	"Ravissant 2 pièce dans un immeuble Haussmanien. Situé au 6ème étage, sous les ""toits de Paris il possède aussi 2 balcons permettant de déjeuner ou prendre un verre au soleil . Orienté plein Sud, l'appartement baigne dans la lumière toute la journée Cuisine tout équipée, ouverte sur le salon. Internet Wifi, Cable, Tv chambre et salon. Cuisine tout équipée, Wifi, TV Cable Canal+, Sono sound system. Metro la Fourche Ligne 13"	"Ravissant 2 pièce dans un immeuble Haussmanien. Situé au 6ème étage, sous les ""toits de Paris il possède aussi 2 balcons permettant de déjeuner ou prendre un verre au soleil . Orienté plein Sud, l'appartement baigne dans la lumière toute la journée Ravissant 2 pièce dans un immeuble Haussmanien. Situé au 6ème étage, sous les ""toits de Paris il possède aussi 2 balcons permettant de déjeuner ou prendre un verre au soleil . Orienté plein Sud, l'appartement baigne dans la lumière toute la journée Cuisine tout équipée, ouverte sur le salon. Internet Wifi, Cable, Tv chambre et salon. Cuisine tout équipée, Wifi, TV Cable Canal+, Sono sound system. Metro la Fourche Ligne 13 Le quartier des Batignolles est pour moi un véritable havre de paix, situé à 15 minutes à peine de Montmartre et Pigalle. J'adore aller aux Puces de Saint Ouen ( 10 min à pied)  flâner dans le quartiers des Antiquaires. Le Parc des Batignolles est dans la lignée des nouveaux espaces verts de la capitale, parfait pour se rep"
1094	Again, it is a small room.  The bed can receive people less than 1m75. Wifi inside the room is uncertain.	This room is small (6 m²) and has minimum comfort : bed, electricity (light + heating). It is placed 1 floor above my personal apartment (115 m²). you will find everything in my apartment : bathroom, kitchen, living room, wifi. elevator (6th-0). Again, it is a small room.  The bed can receive people less than 1m75. Wifi inside the room is uncertain. Your small room is under the roof and has no water. You will get toilets, bathroom(s), kitchen, wifi, and also elevator (ground floor to 6th and reverse) in my flat, one floor under the room. I like to talk with foreigners. And I like to give personalised advices for a nicer visit of my city, Paris (or even Versailles, etc...) My place is a very quiet place, well linked to metro. You will reach Champs Elysées in 4 metro stations, and Center of Paris (Chatelet les Halles) in 20 minutes (3 stations + 1 long station) We are located 3 minutes far from metro station Villiers. Line 2 and Line 3 the room is small and very simple. the apartment is 
1095	Le logement est spacieux, lumineux et calme.	Le logement est spacieux, lumineux et calme. Les voyageurs ont accès à la salle de bains (douche, machine à laver), la cuisine (four, plaques électriques, machine à café, bouilloire, grille-pain), les toilettes et bien sûr la chambre. Accès WIFI Les draps et serviettes de toilettes sont fournis. Les voyageurs sont accueillis pour la présentation de l'appartement et du quartier, ainsi que pour répondre aux éventuelles questions. Un plan du métro et un plan de la ville sont fournis. Le quartier est animé et on y trouve de nombreux commerces alimentaires (boucheries, boulangeries, supermarchés, restaurants, cafés) mais aussi de belles librairies ou encore des magasins de vêtements. Bus (53, 66, 74 et 81) Métro (lignes 2 station Rome, 3 station Villiers et 13 station place de Clichy) Train (Pont Cardinet) Un parking souterrain payant est situé au bout de la rue
1096		Studio spacieux et lumineux à 10 mn à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe ideal pour 2 personnes et peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes ( clique claque disponible)  Situé dans une rue calme et sécurisée. Emplacement centrale et à 2mn du métro ( ligne 1)
1097		Trois pièces parquet au cœur du quartier des Epinettes. Immeuble propre et avec du cachet. Accès tous transports : A mi chemin et à 5mn à pied des stations Guy Môquet et Brochant (ligne 13). Station vélib et arrêt de bus au pied de l'immeuble.  6eme étage sans ascenseur.
1098	Fully equipped apartment perfect for your stay in Paris whether it is for tourism or work.  Plenty of storage, very comfortable sofa bed and a powerful shower.	Cute little apartment on 6th floor with elevator. Very sunny with windows on both sides.  Set back in a courtyard, it is very quiet with views over the roof tops to the Sacré Coeur. Separate kitchen, bathroom and toilette. Large living/sleeping area 
1099		"je loue mon appartement composé de 2 pièces à 2 pas de la porte Maillot au pied du palais des congrès. l appartement est composé d'une cuisine ouverte sur le coin séjour une salle douche refaite à neuf et une chambre avec dressing et un lit de 140 serviettes et draps fournis machine à laver je suis joignable par email proximité du quartier de la défense et palais des congrès ainsi que des lieux touristiques arc de triomphe avenue des champs Elysées,parc Monceau le logement est à proximité de la station de métro ""porte maillot ligne 1 station vélib et auto lib à proximité. séjour 4 nuits minimum"
1100	Appartement calme, équipé, et lumineux. La chambre fait 12m2, est très lumineuse, parquet et moulures.  Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur Capacité d'accueil 2 personnes (lit double) Quiet, equipped and  appartment. The bedroom is 12m2, luminous, parquet floors and molding.  Situated in the 4th floor with elevator. Capacity: 2 (Double bed)	Chambre spacieuse, au sein d'un appartement de 60m2, douillet, typique et lumineux! The bedroom is part of a 60m2 flat, cosy, luminous and typical, right in the heart of a typically Parisian district. French breakfast! Appartement calme, équipé, et lumineux. La chambre fait 12m2, est très lumineuse, parquet et moulures.  Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur Capacité d'accueil 2 personnes (lit double) Quiet, equipped and  appartment. The bedroom is 12m2, luminous, parquet floors and molding.  Situated in the 4th floor with elevator. Capacity: 2 (Double bed) La chambre (Lit double- Dressing- Bureau) vous donne accès à la cuisine américaine, la salle de bain (avec baignoire), le wifi, draps et serviettes propres.  All is done for your confort : bedroom (double bed, dressing, desk), nice bathroom, an american kitchen, wifi, sheets and towels are supplied... Réponse rapide. Je parle anglais et italien. I speak english and italian. Quartier en plein coeur du 17ème, proche commerces (au pied d'une de
1101	Petit studio lumineux et agréable. Dans une chambre de bonne réaménagée, il est très confortable pour une personne, un peu plus serré pour deux avec des bagages! Le balcon offre une vue dégagée (on y voit en partie la Sacré Coeur!). La salle de douche est séparée et il y a un petit coin cuisine. L'immeuble est calme et bien entretenu. Small studio, in a refurbished maids room, it's very comfortable for one person, not that much for two people with lots of luggage! There a balcony with a partial view on the Sacré Coeur! The bathroom is separated and there is a small kitchen area. The building is calm and well maintained.	Petit studio lumineux et agréable. Dans une chambre de bonne réaménagée, il est très confortable pour une personne, un peu plus serré pour deux avec des bagages! Le balcon offre une vue dégagée (on y voit en partie la Sacré Coeur!). La salle de douche est séparée et il y a un petit coin cuisine. L'immeuble est calme et bien entretenu. Small studio, in a refurbished maids room, it's very comfortable for one person, not that much for two people with lots of luggage! There a balcony with a partial view on the Sacré Coeur! The bathroom is separated and there is a small kitchen area. The building is calm and well maintained. Le studio est équipé: Pièce principale: canapé lit, rangement,  bureau, petite table pliante Cuisine: lavabo, frigo, mini-four, plaque, bouilloire, machine nespresso, grille pain Salle de bain: douche, toilette (sani-broyeur), lavabo, sèche cheveux Il y aussi des toilettes sur le pallier pour plus de discretion si vous êtes deux! Vous y trouverez également les produits 
1102	Typical Parisian apparment with everything you need to feel comfortable in Paris.	Very comfortable apartment with everything you need. 3 mins away from metro line 13, and 15 min away from Les Champs Elysées. Typical Parisian apparment with everything you need to feel comfortable in Paris. You will have access to everything in the appartment : high speed internet, wifi, TV, fully equiped kitchen. Metro 2, 13 at Place de Clichy Metro 13 at La Fourche
1103	Very well located near shops, bars, restaurants, ... Lovely 3 rooms with 2 nice double bedroom, kitchen and bathroom freshly decorated.	Beautiful flat decorated with quality materials, very close to shops, bars, restaurants... 10min walking from Etoile and Champs Elysées. 3 rooms with 2 bedrooms (2 king size bed) + TV and living room (sofa bed). Very well located near shops, bars, restaurants, ... Lovely 3 rooms with 2 nice double bedroom, kitchen and bathroom freshly decorated. Lively neighborhood, access to every shops. 10 min from Champs Elysées Subway: Line 2 : Courcelles RER: Pereire Bus
1104	You will love this very nice flat located in PARIS and love the city and all its restaurants, romantic walks, museums, nightclubs, and luxury shops ! Vous pourrez bénéficier de ce charmant appartement situé dans Paris et ainsi profiter des nombreux restaurants, des ballades romantiques, des nightclubs et des boutiques de luxe de Paris !	It is a very nice 3 room flat with windows all over. Room with King size bed. The kitchen has all equipments.  You will have a really good trip in this typical Parisian flat (oak ground, mouldings...) with modern decoration. NEAR TRANSPORTS BUS AND UNDERGROUND 
1105	Appartement familial offrant le charme de l'ancien et le confort moderne, lumineux et agréablement aménagé.  Grande pièce à vivre et cuisine équipée (commerces à deux pas), deux grandes chambres offrant l'une un lit double et l'autre un lit simple ainsi qu'une chambre d'enfant avec un lit à barreaux.  Tout l'appartement  Le logement sera réservé aux voyageurs. Nous pourrons communiquer par téléphone ou lors de l'entrée dans les lieux pour toutes les informations et les recommandations touristiques que les voyageurs pourraient souhaiter.  Quartier offrant un choix illimité de bons restaurants et des commerces de bouche de très grande qualité : boulangeries, cavistes, fromager, boucherie, charcuterie,...   Très agréable de flâner dans les rues des Batignolles regorgeant de jolis immeubles, ruelles et de boutiques déco vintage ou design ou de monter jusqu'à la Basilique Montmartre en passant par les petites rues de la Butte pour admirer les ruelles et les innombrables petites boutiques ou	Charmant appartement parisien de 80 m2 situé à 1 minute à pied du métro et à 15 minutes de la Butte Montmartre. Très calme (sur cour), confortable et spacieux (3 chambres). Idéal pour un couple avec enfants souhaitant visiter Paris !  Appartement familial offrant le charme de l'ancien et le confort moderne, lumineux et agréablement aménagé.  Grande pièce à vivre et cuisine équipée (commerces à deux pas), deux grandes chambres offrant l'une un lit double et l'autre un lit simple ainsi qu'une chambre d'enfant avec un lit à barreaux.  Tout l'appartement  Le logement sera réservé aux voyageurs. Nous pourrons communiquer par téléphone ou lors de l'entrée dans les lieux pour toutes les informations et les recommandations touristiques que les voyageurs pourraient souhaiter.  Quartier offrant un choix illimité de bons restaurants et des commerces de bouche de très grande qualité : boulangeries, cavistes, fromager, boucherie, charcuterie,...   Très agréable de flâner dans les rues des Batignoll
1106	Voici la description de mon Appartement : Un grand salon/chambre avec un lit double, et un canapé-lit qui se déplie très facilement. Une grande télévision avec accès internet wifi. Un local pour entreposer diverses. Deux grandes fenêtre en double vitrage. Une cuisine et toilettes sépares. 	Voici la description de mon Appartement : Un grand salon/chambre avec un lit double, et un canapé-lit qui se déplie très facilement. Une grande télévision avec accès internet wifi. Un local pour entreposer diverses. Deux grandes fenêtre en double vitrage. Une cuisine et toilettes sépares.  Le quartier de Guy Môquet est très sympa, très vivant avec ses nombreux étales de poissonniers, bouchers, charcutiers, fromagers, chocolatiers, fruits&légumes, fleuristes ....véritable marché tout les jours de la semaine. Les Batignolles (quartier typiquement parisien) à 5 minutes. La Place de Clichy à 12 minutes Le Moulin Rouge à environ 20 minutes et Les Puces de Saint-Ouen à 15 minutes en bus! Le quartier de Montmartre est également situé a 10 minutes à pied.  Depuis Roissy Charles de Gaulle (50min):  >RER B direction Robinson ou St Rémy-les-Chevreuses jusqu'à Gare du Nord (30min)  >Sortir de Gare du Nord aller au croisement de la rue de Dunkerque et du Boulevard Magenta  >BUS N°31 direction Charl
1107	Quiet apartment, 2 steps from the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe, very well served by public transport, ideal for visiting the various monuments of Paris. This lovely brand new apartment is located in the ground floor in the courtyard of the building. At the heart of one of the most beautiful market of Paris (Poncelet market) and at 5 minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées, is this nice two rooms on the ground floor courtyard, Design and completely new for a totally Parisian stay! The apartment was completely renovated in 2015. Tastefully furnished by the owner who runs her own art gallery in the heart of Paris, you will appreciate the modernity of the apartment as well as its functionality, to make the most of your stay.	Relax in a quiet apartment, located in a shopping street and friendly, and its small market in the heart of PARIS. Ideal for visiting the capital. Besides the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe! Quiet apartment, 2 steps from the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe, very well served by public transport, ideal for visiting the various monuments of Paris. This lovely brand new apartment is located in the ground floor in the courtyard of the building. At the heart of one of the most beautiful market of Paris (Poncelet market) and at 5 minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées, is this nice two rooms on the ground floor courtyard, Design and completely new for a totally Parisian stay! The apartment was completely renovated in 2015. Tastefully furnished by the owner who runs her own art gallery in the heart of Paris, you will appreciate the modernity of the apartment as well as its functionality, to make the most of your stay. Guests can use the kitchen and everythin
1108	The apartment has a large living room (with a convertible bed), a fully equipped kitchen (oven, dishwasher, fridge, but no micro-wave) and one bedroom of approximately 15 square meters. Located on fourth floor with an elevator it is at the corner of two streets, which provides a lovely view on the local church.	"This lovely, fully equipped and newly renovated 1-bedroom apartment is located in the heart of the Batignolles neighborhood, a lovely area with an atmosphere of a village and many shops. It is located in a fairly quiet street with soundproof windows. The apartment has a large living room (with a convertible bed), a fully equipped kitchen (oven, dishwasher, fridge, but no micro-wave) and one bedroom of approximately 15 square meters. Located on fourth floor with an elevator it is at the corner of two streets, which provides a lovely view on the local church. Batignolles was an independent village outside Paris until 1860, when the emperor, Napoleon III, annexed it to the capital. During the 19th century, Batignolles had an active cultural life, and it served as a base for the painter, Édouard Manet, and his friends, who became known as the ""groupe des Batignolles"". They painted many scenes of its café life. The neighorhood is becoming more and more attractive and is now a hotspot of tru"
1109		A very bright 60 m² apartment, fully renovated, on the fourth floor, with a lift, in a residential area of Paris (17th district), in a classy “pierre de taille” building. There are two bedrooms, one with a double bed, TV and its own shower, the other one smaller with two single bunk beds, for kids. The living-room has a wide sofa that can be transformed in less than ten seconds into a double bed. There is a large dining table and a flat screen TV with foreign channels (BBC, TVE etc.  Wi-fi is available at any time. The flat has also a fully equiped kitchen, a separate toilet and a large bathroom.  The apartment is located in a quiet street less than 10mn from three metro stations, Wagram, Malesherbes and Villiers. Two buses will take you in less than 15mn to Etoile-Champs Elysées (n°31) and to Opéra-Galeries Lafayette (n°53) (25mn on foot). It is also close to three parks, Square des Batignolles, Parc Martin Luther King and Parc Monceau and a market-street, rue Lévis, with a large vari
1110	The studio : Ideal for one or two people  Very quiet and bright Done up like new in January, 2014. Linen, bedding, dishes, electro, etc. everything is new! We bring a special attention on the cleaning. bed size in 140 mini kitchen with all the comforts  Microwave, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge, dishwasher.  The toilets are spacious, independent and juxtaposed to the studio.    The studio is situated on the 6 th floor, without elevator, but the stairs are comfortable, bright and it keep's healthy!    Free Wifi  Bluetooth player The building : Haussman and bourgeois architecture  The building is at the front of the place where was build the famous Statue of Liberty! A concierge is permanently in the building 2 digicodes  very secure place  	"Under the roofs, a Tiny,  glamorous, quite and white studio, in the most elegant district of Paris…  The studio : Ideal for one or two people  Very quiet and bright Done up like new in January, 2014. Linen, bedding, dishes, electro, etc. everything is new! We bring a special attention on the cleaning. bed size in 140 mini kitchen with all the comforts  Microwave, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge, dishwasher.  The toilets are spacious, independent and juxtaposed to the studio.    The studio is situated on the 6 th floor, without elevator, but the stairs are comfortable, bright and it keep's healthy!    Free Wifi  Bluetooth player The building : Haussman and bourgeois architecture  The building is at the front of the place where was build the famous Statue of Liberty! A concierge is permanently in the building 2 digicodes  very secure place  The neighborhood You are not "" in the neighborhood of Parc Monceau ""  You are in front ! This changes all ! Ideal for business AND tourism "
1111	Très bien situé et calme et propre.	Très bien situé et calme et (website hidden), wifi Une personne sera présente pour accueillir et donner des infos sur le quartier et la ville aux voyageurs. Un n° de tél leur sera donné et une bouteille de vin de Bordeaux leur sera offerte à leur arrivée. Quartier situé au coeur des Batignolles dans le 17ème, avec une vie de village, proche du jardin des Batignolles qu'a chanté Barbara, beaucoup d'ateliers d'artistes, de cafés, de restaurants, tout en restant calme et paisible au coeur de la nuit. Facile d'accès et proche des centres d'intérêts touristiques de la Ville. Plusieurs possibilités d'accès, métro, stations Rome, Brochant, Place de Clichy, lignes 2, 13, direct depuis Montparnasse, Bus direct Gare du Nord, et autres... Vélib et Autolib à louer en bas de l'immeuble.
1112	The 600 sq ft (52 sqm) heigh ceilings flat is on the ground floor with the bedroom (with a double bed) on the basement. On the ground floor small dining room with an open-plan kitchen, and a big living room with a daybed which one person could sleep on. A big bathroom and a well equipped kitchen to enjoy a very comfortable stay. The apartment is ideal for 2 or 3 person. 	"One bedroom 45 sqm flat on the ground floor with the bedroom (with a double bed) on the basement. Close to Montmartre, Pigalle and Champs-Élysées. 5 minuets walking from Brochant subway stop (line 13). The apartment is ideal for 2 or 3 person. The 600 sq ft (52 sqm) heigh ceilings flat is on the ground floor with the bedroom (with a double bed) on the basement. On the ground floor small dining room with an open-plan kitchen, and a big living room with a daybed which one person could sleep on. A big bathroom and a well equipped kitchen to enjoy a very comfortable stay. The apartment is ideal for 2 or 3 person.  There are Enough fresh towels and blankets for three person. Plus there is a hair dryer available. I will leave you a note with tips about the neighborhood: good restaurants, shops, things to do, organic market every Saturday morning, really close to 2 parks. Very nice neighborhood of Paris called ""les Batignolles"", close to Montmartre, Pigalle and the Champs-Élysées (all three a"
1113	Jolie grande chambre à lit double pour une ou deux personnes dans appartement très calme situé entre deux cours arborées.	"Jolie grande chambre à lit double, pour une  ou deux personnes à 60 euros la nuit avec petit déjeuner.   . Jolie grande chambre à lit double pour une ou deux personnes dans appartement très calme situé entre deux cours arborées. Accès à la salle de bains, wc séparés. Au salon pour le petit déjeuner ou la cuisine. Je serai là pour vous accueillir avec grand plaisir et vous communiquer les informations et conseils que vous souhaiterez durant votre séjour.  L'appartement se situe au centre des Batignolles, quartier très ""tendance"", très jeune, avec beaucoup de restaurants, cafés, commerçants, artisans et artistes. Proche du square et du parc Marthin Luther King. Nombreux bus et métros mènent rapidement au centre de Paris(20 mn) .  Très proche de Montmartre et l'étoile. 10 mn.  Les métros les plus proches de l'appartement sont La Fouche, Place Clichy, Rome, Brochant. Il y a de nombreux bus partout."
1114	Our one-bedroom flat measures 41 m² (440 square feet) and sits on the 7th and last floor of a modern secure building. It includes a large 15 m² (160 sq. ft.) terrace with a beautiful view on the West-side Paris and La Défense skyscraper and is filled with sun from noon to the sunset. A large and secure parking lot within the residence is included with no extra-charge.	Our one-bedroom flat has a large sunny terrace with a superb clear view on West-side Paris and La Défense skyscraper. Champs-Elysées are 10 minutes away by bus. Parking lot included with no extra charge. Our one-bedroom flat measures 41 m² (440 square feet) and sits on the 7th and last floor of a modern secure building. It includes a large 15 m² (160 sq. ft.) terrace with a beautiful view on the West-side Paris and La Défense skyscraper and is filled with sun from noon to the sunset. A large and secure parking lot within the residence is included with no extra-charge. The whole flat is yours. The terrace makes the flat not suitable for young kids for safety reasons but babies and teenagers are welcome. We can be reach by phone or email any time during your stay. Our landlords live in the flat nextdoor, they will be pleased to help you if needed. The flat is located in a quiet and safe neighbourhood only 10 minutes by bus (20 min. by feet) away from les Champs-Elysées, the Parc Monceau,
1115	Studio propre, lumineux situé dans un quartier calme avec de nombreuses commoditées. A disposition vous trouverez les equipements de cuisine, four, aspirateur, ventilateur, stéréo avec adaptateur, lampe d'appoint et lumière dans la douche.	Petit studio de 13m2 idéal pour découvrir Paris à deux. Situé à 100m de l'arc de triomphe et à 200m de la célèbre avenue des Champs Elysées, ce studio refait à neuf offre une situation géographique parfaite pour découvrir Paris. Studio propre, lumineux situé dans un quartier calme avec de nombreuses commoditées. A disposition vous trouverez les equipements de cuisine, four, aspirateur, ventilateur, stéréo avec adaptateur, lampe d'appoint et lumière dans la douche. L'appartement est accessible par métro, bus ou taxi à 25mn de la gare et 45mn de l'aéroport. Etant moi même en déplacement, je ne saurais sur Paris lors de votre séjour, mon frère s'occupera donc de vous recevoir ainsi que de vous montrer les choses importante dans l'appartement. Quartier vivant, plutôt calme le soir. Divers supermarchés dès 50m en face de l'immeuble, ainsi qu'une laverie automatique. Le marché découvert rue Poncelet du mardi au dimanche à 150m. Différents bars et restaurants. Parc Monceau à proximité pour d'
1116	Charming one room apartment. The size is 24m²  and is fully furnished. It's very calm with a view on a courtyard. Located at the 5th floor with an elevator. One bedroom on the mezzanine with a queen size bed. Linens are provided. The living room includes a sofa bed (large), one TV with cable and wifi. Small folding table where 3 people can eat. Open little kitchen with induction hob, a oven, one fridge and a sink. Bathroom with a tub, one sink, a washing machine and toilets. Towels are provided. 1 wardrobe in the entry hall and one in the living room. Shops are close: mini market at 10m, the large Batignolles market is a 5 minutes walk. Lot of restaurants in the streets near by. The closest Metro station is Brochant (5 minutes walk) and there are some bus lines around. Close from the Batignolles area. Several parks close by.	Charming apartment close from the Batignolles in the17th arrondissement of Paris. The bedroom is on the mezzanine to gain space and comfort. It's all furnished with all amenities for a pleasant and calm stay. It also includes wifi. Charming one room apartment. The size is 24m²  and is fully furnished. It's very calm with a view on a courtyard. Located at the 5th floor with an elevator. One bedroom on the mezzanine with a queen size bed. Linens are provided. The living room includes a sofa bed (large), one TV with cable and wifi. Small folding table where 3 people can eat. Open little kitchen with induction hob, a oven, one fridge and a sink. Bathroom with a tub, one sink, a washing machine and toilets. Towels are provided. 1 wardrobe in the entry hall and one in the living room. Shops are close: mini market at 10m, the large Batignolles market is a 5 minutes walk. Lot of restaurants in the streets near by. The closest Metro station is Brochant (5 minutes walk) and there are some bus li
1117		Appartement au cœur des Batignolles un quartier très vivant avec beaucoup de petits restaurants et de bars typiques. A 10 minutes à pied des grands magasins et du quartier de Montmartre.  Idéal pour un séjour en amoureux!
1118	My flat is for 5 people : - 2 bedrooms with a double bed and a single bed - 1 double sofa bed in the living room - 1 kitchen full equiped - 1 bathroom with shower, hairdryer, towels.	The flat is located near the Champs Elysées avenue and the Palais des Congrès-Porte Maillot. The aera has 2 markets, lot of shops of food, clothes and restaurants. The flat is very quiet in a shabby style, perfect for relaxing after work or shopping. My flat is for 5 people : - 2 bedrooms with a double bed and a single bed - 1 double sofa bed in the living room - 1 kitchen full equiped - 1 bathroom with shower, hairdryer, towels. Metro stations :  - Charles de Gaulle -Etoile - Ternes
1119	3 pièces de 55 m2 dans une rue passante et commerçante. L'appartement est très lumineux et grand. Il peut accueillir 3 personnes voire 4. Il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double. Double salon avec un lit simple.	Located near Champs-Elysées, 5 min from Arc de Triomphe in a quiet building.  Appartement de 55m2 dans une rue vivante et commerçante. 3 pièces avec chambre disposant d'un lit deux places, un salon, cuisine équipée, WC et salle de bain 3 pièces de 55 m2 dans une rue passante et commerçante. L'appartement est très lumineux et grand. Il peut accueillir 3 personnes voire 4. Il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double. Double salon avec un lit simple. Grand salon avec canapé, Tv écran plat, Internet haut débit, WIFI Cuisine équipée d'un grand frigo, mini-four électrique, plaque de cuisson, machine à café Nespresso, bouilloire, congélateur Salle de bain douche et lave-linge. Toilette séparée Appartement avec petit balcon idéal pour passer une belle semaine de vacances à Paris.  Pas d'animaux Remise des clés à l'arrivée. Marchée Poncelet ouvert tous les jours de la semaine. Nombreux commerces à proximité Quartier très animé la journée et calme le soir. Quartier touristique des Champs-Ely
1120	The flat is  sunny during the day and very quiet as it gives on an interior garden. It has a double bed, a television and a kitchen with an american bar. The kitchen is fully equipped (hoven, microwave, coffee maker...) with a washing machine included.  A shower cabin and toilets are at your disposal.	"30 sqm studio on the second floor, located in the 17th district (in the Batignolles), near Montmatre and Clichy. Warm neighbourhood with many shops (bakery, butcher, grossery store, etc.) and cafés. The flat is  sunny during the day and very quiet as it gives on an interior garden. It has a double bed, a television and a kitchen with an american bar. The kitchen is fully equipped (hoven, microwave, coffee maker...) with a washing machine included.  A shower cabin and toilets are at your disposal. Il will be reachable for all your questions during your entire stay and I commit to reply to you in a short notice. I will be able to give you tips and advice on where to go in the area and the ""must do"" in Paris! The flat is closed to the subway stations ""Guy Moquet"" and ""Brochant"" on the line 13 (less than 5 minutes by foot). For the most sportive ones, a Vélib station (bicycle rental) is available at 5 minutes by foot. I will make sure your stay is comfortable, and that you feel at home. Pe"
1121	Confortable appartement de 3 pièces de 76M2 refait à neuf. L'appartement est au deuxième étage sur rue et cours, 5 minutes du métro Porte Maillot et Porte de Champerret, dans un quartier vivant avec beaucoup de restaurants branchés et des commerces. Profitez d'un grand appartement lumineux, tout confort dans un quartier calme et idéalement situé proche de nombreux sites touristiques, Parc Monceau, Champs Elysées et boutiques haut de gamme...  Bus, vélib, taxis et métros au pied de chez vous pour visiter Paris ! A deux pas du Parc Monceau et de l'Arc de Triomphe, très calme, vous offrira tous les charmes d’un appartement au cœur du 17ème arrondissement au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, vous bénéficierez d’un environnement tranquille avec tous les commerces à proximité. Une pièce à vivre tout confort et lumineuse. Canapé (il n'est pas convertible mais un enfant pourra très bien dormir dessus sans problème). Table pour 4 à 6 personnes, un écran plat 127cm (plus de 150 chaines) et internet ave	Confortable appartement de 3 pièces de 76M2 refait à neuf. L'appartement est au deuxième étage sur rue et cours, 5 minutes du métro Porte Maillot et Porte de Champerret, dans un quartier vivant avec beaucoup de restaurants branchés et des commerces. Confortable appartement de 3 pièces de 76M2 refait à neuf. L'appartement est au deuxième étage sur rue et cours, 5 minutes du métro Porte Maillot et Porte de Champerret, dans un quartier vivant avec beaucoup de restaurants branchés et des commerces. Profitez d'un grand appartement lumineux, tout confort dans un quartier calme et idéalement situé proche de nombreux sites touristiques, Parc Monceau, Champs Elysées et boutiques haut de gamme...  Bus, vélib, taxis et métros au pied de chez vous pour visiter Paris ! A deux pas du Parc Monceau et de l'Arc de Triomphe, très calme, vous offrira tous les charmes d’un appartement au cœur du 17ème arrondissement au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, vous bénéficierez d’un environnement tranquille avec tous le
1122	L'emplacement géographique est parfait de part sa proximité de la plus belle avenue du monde.	Studette toute équipée située tout près de porte maillot, Rue Guersant, Paris 17eme. À 5 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées. Profitez de tous les commerces et transports à proximité pour un agréable séjour, qui soit touristique ou professionnel. L'emplacement géographique est parfait de part sa proximité de la plus belle avenue du monde. Commerces, boîte de nuit, pub, transport métro, bus, RER, la défense... Proximité porte maillot, Charles de Gaulle  étoile, Pereire et Ternes.
1123	This warm recently renewed tiny flat is located in a nice, quiet and new developing area of the XVII arrondissement.  Both dining room and bedroom have a wood floor, there are two queen-size beds in the bedroom(bunk bed). In the comfortable living room there is a big L-shaped sofa that can be easily used as a single supplementary bed.	Lovely typically parisian apartment  in the 17th arrondissment of the romantic city of Paris, close to metro line 13 and RER C, well connected to the historical centre, to major attractive cities out of Paris ( Versailles) and to main airports. This warm recently renewed tiny flat is located in a nice, quiet and new developing area of the XVII arrondissement.  Both dining room and bedroom have a wood floor, there are two queen-size beds in the bedroom(bunk bed). In the comfortable living room there is a big L-shaped sofa that can be easily used as a single supplementary bed. You will have free access to the kitchen that is equipped with all the necessary for every occasion. In the bedroom there is a cupboard, that will be partly  but enough free for you to arrange everything appropriately. You'll find towels, shower gel and all kinds of detergents. The wash-machine will let you have your laundry for free :)  Free Wi-fi! I love travelling so I may welcome you while leaving for some trip
1124	The apartment is spacious, bright and light with plenty of Parisian charm. Boasts fireplaces in every room, parquet floors throughout with ceiling mouldings. There is a double bed in the main bedroom, a fold-up bed in the second room and a fold-up bed in the living-room. The apartment building is very pleasant, quiet and safe. 15 mins walk from Montmartre or the Champs Elysées.	Quiet, courtyard. One bedroom, living-room, big 3rd room office/bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, separate WC. Pedestiran street, all facilities, close to Batignolles, 20 minutes' walk to Montmartre. Metro L2 et L3. Only quiet and responsible tenants. The apartment is spacious, bright and light with plenty of Parisian charm. Boasts fireplaces in every room, parquet floors throughout with ceiling mouldings. There is a double bed in the main bedroom, a fold-up bed in the second room and a fold-up bed in the living-room. The apartment building is very pleasant, quiet and safe. 15 mins walk from Montmartre or the Champs Elysées. There is a car park steps away on rue Legendre just around the corner.
1125	This 25 sq.m. furnished Paris Apartment is located on rue Rennequin, Paris 17th arrondissement (just off Wagram avenue) – metro and district Ternes. Newly repainted in December 2014. t includes 1 bedroom, 1 living room, Open Kitchen, 1 bathroom with a shower and a WC. A baby crib is available for an additional fee of 25€ for a stay. The apartment has a great location, a chic neighbourhood, behind the most famous avenue in the world Champs Elysees (10 min walk), close to Arc de Triumph that you can climb and admire Paris from the bird’s height, Parc Monseau for your jogging and relaxing walk not disturbed by the city noise. There is a traditional Parisian market on the Poncelet street just around the corner, famous Salle Pleyel (concert Hall) is very close too. Location is served well to go to Disneyland. The place is surrounded with numerous cafes, bars and restaurants. You may wish to (email hidden) that I prepared for you once you book the apartment. 10 minutes walk from Place de l’E	Modern and funtional apartment close to Champs Elysees and Arch de Triumph. Come to stay at my place to try a real Parisian experience. Fresh croissants are at the bakery in front of my building. The open market on Ponclet street for your groceries. This 25 sq.m. furnished Paris Apartment is located on rue Rennequin, Paris 17th arrondissement (just off Wagram avenue) – metro and district Ternes. Newly repainted in December 2014. t includes 1 bedroom, 1 living room, Open Kitchen, 1 bathroom with a shower and a WC. A baby crib is available for an additional fee of 25€ for a stay. The apartment has a great location, a chic neighbourhood, behind the most famous avenue in the world Champs Elysees (10 min walk), close to Arc de Triumph that you can climb and admire Paris from the bird’s height, Parc Monseau for your jogging and relaxing walk not disturbed by the city noise. There is a traditional Parisian market on the Poncelet street just around the corner, famous Salle Pleyel (concert Hall
1126		Situé près du charmant quartier des Batignolles et non loin de montmartre cet appartement de 55 m2 contribuera à vous faire passer un agréable et calme séjour à Paris. Arrêt de métro Place de clichy (Lignes 2 et 13) à 5 minutes à pied. 
1127	Just several stations from Champs Élysées and Arc de Triomphe. Just several station from Montmartre in the other direction.  calm and functional. Internet, telephone.  View on Eiffel tower. The famous market street Rue de Levis 2 minutes away. The charming square Batignolles for drink coffee or have a walk in the park. The big Monceau park 10 min by foot.	"As I'm not in Paris from 13th July to 16th Auguste, i rent my ""home"".  it's a small studio for one person. locate in the 17th aria of Paris in the proximity of two metro lines (2, 3). 15 minutes from down town by metro. Just several stations from Champs Élysées and Arc de Triomphe. Just several station from Montmartre in the other direction.  calm and functional. Internet, telephone.  View on Eiffel tower. The famous market street Rue de Levis 2 minutes away. The charming square Batignolles for drink coffee or have a walk in the park. The big Monceau park 10 min by foot. line 3 and 2 (metro)"
1128	Très bien placé et sécurisé. Classé 5 étoiles sur 4 837 logements sur Paris. Supermarché à 100m. Toutes commodités incluses.	Bel appartement situé à 300m des Champs Elysées. Familles bienvenues! Grande cuisine américaine, séjour (parquet et cheminée), 2 chambres (lit double + lit double + canapé lit ). Tout équipé, 4 TV (une dans chaque pièce), wifi, DVD, lave linge, etc. Très bien placé et sécurisé. Classé 5 étoiles sur 4 837 logements sur Paris. Supermarché à 100m. Toutes commodités incluses. Transports (ligne 1, 2, 6 et RER A).
1129		Studio très proche du métro la fourche. Tous les commerces sont très proches Métro à 1 min à pied
1130		Loue petit studio près de Montmartre quartier Batignolles, place de Clichy, Pigalle Petit pied à terre, propre lumineux sur cour, refait à neuf. I Propose My little studio in Paris for 1 night. It's clear, luminous, recently painted. Metro Place de Clichy Quartier Batignolles, proximité Montmarte à l'Est et Champs Elysées Parc Monceau au sud Metro Place de Clichy Near Montmarte and Champs Elysées, Monceau Park in the south I will be available for any questions A little village in Paris, with all commodities around Metro Place de Clichy,
1131		Sur la rue Brey dans le 17e, magnifique petit T2 meublé.Entièrement refait à neuf par un architecte et une décoratrice d'intérieur.Composé d'un salon, d'une chambre, d'un coin cuisine avec réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson. Dispo les weekend Proximité avec les champs elysées Rer A, Metro 1,2,6
1132		Nice 2 room apartment, in a quiet neighborhood 15 min walk away from Montmartre, 10 min away from Le Moulin Rouge close to the Subway ( 2 min )
1133	the flat is cosy and comfortable, there is one living room with a sofa (sofa bed) and a bedroom. you also have a bathroom and separate kitchen. Simple but efficient!	Hi everyone, welcome to my flat, I mean your flat for a beautiful start in Paris City! My flat is cosy and very quiet in a nice neighbourhood. A good start for any traveller. the flat is cosy and comfortable, there is one living room with a sofa (sofa bed) and a bedroom. you also have a bathroom and separate kitchen. Simple but efficient! full apartment rented Nice area, the quartier des Batignolles is at 2min by foot and you may find many food shops, terraces and restaurants to chill out. very close to Brochant station on the 13 line, direct way to Saint Lazare, Champs-Elysées, Invalides, etc...
1134		Grand appartement très calme et lumineux à 15 minutes de Montmartre
1135	Welcome Paris Lovers!  Our beautiful Haussmannian apartment of 72 sqm is located in the Batignolles district and is equipped with all modern conforts. Ideal for a couple or a family, the accomodation includes a beautiful 30 sqm living / dining-room with parquet, moldings and fireplaces which invite you to relax after a day of sightseeing. Our apartment has two bedrooms of 13 and 10 sqm with quality queen size bed (160/200 cm for the first one and a baby bed 60/120 cm for the other one). The sofa in the living-room or an air bed installed in the little bedroom can serve as extra bed for two people if booking for two couples or a family.	Welcome Paris Lovers!  Our beautiful Haussmannian apartment of 72 sqm is located in the Batignolles district and is equipped with all modern conforts. Ideal for a couple or a family, the accomodation includes a beautiful 30 sqm living / dining-room with parquet, moldings and fireplaces which invite you to relax after a day of sightseeing. Our apartment has two bedrooms of 13 and 10 sqm with quality queen size bed (160/200 cm for the first one and a baby bed 60/120 cm for the other one). The sofa in the living-room or an air bed installed in the little bedroom can serve as extra bed for two people if booking for two couples or a family. The kitchen is fully equipped: refrigerator, dishwasher, stove, oven, microwave and Nespresso machine. The bathroom has a walk in shower and a washing machine and separate toilet.  We provide you with towels, clean sheets, shower gel and shampoo. There is a hair dryer and ironing board. There is wifi and HD TV with cable channels. For your personal belon
1136		In the 17th district, close to main sightseings such as Champs Elysees, Montmartre, Pigalle and Opera. Nice and quiet neighborhood with lots of restaurants ! 2 rooms flat all equipped. Close to 2 metro lines (lines 2 and 3) and St Lazare Station
1137	A unique space in Paris with 4 bedrooms, ideal for entertainment or for families traveling together and who want a home away from home. Location is fantastic : 100 m from Arc de Triomphe. The place is extremely quiet, overlooking a beautiful garden, yet a mere 6mn walk to Champs Elysees The bedrooms and bathrooms are as follows :  - master bedroom with ensuite bathroom and bathtub and walk in closet. Total size is around 45 sqm  - guest bedroom with ensuite bathroom and bathtub. Total area is around 30 sqm  - 3rd bedroom around 13 sqm. Double bed or 2 separate single beds. Shared shower room with toilets.  - 4th bedroom around 13 sqm. Double bed or 2 separate single beds. Shared shower room with toilets.  We have 1 extra sofa bed for 2 on the mezzanine.  Last but not least we also have 1 designer (MINIBIJ) baby bed for age newborn to 4 years old.  There are also 2 more independent toilets 	Fantastic 4 bed loft with terrace, 100m from Arc de Triomphe. Extremely quiet overlooking a beautiful garden Redesigned in 2012 by renewed interior designer 2000 sqft 2 bathrooms with bathtub, 1 shower room 2 independent toilets 250 sqft terrace A unique space in Paris with 4 bedrooms, ideal for entertainment or for families traveling together and who want a home away from home. Location is fantastic : 100 m from Arc de Triomphe. The place is extremely quiet, overlooking a beautiful garden, yet a mere 6mn walk to Champs Elysees The bedrooms and bathrooms are as follows :  - master bedroom with ensuite bathroom and bathtub and walk in closet. Total size is around 45 sqm  - guest bedroom with ensuite bathroom and bathtub. Total area is around 30 sqm  - 3rd bedroom around 13 sqm. Double bed or 2 separate single beds. Shared shower room with toilets.  - 4th bedroom around 13 sqm. Double bed or 2 separate single beds. Shared shower room with toilets.  We have 1 extra sofa bed for 2 on the m
1138	A 12-15 min walk from the Champs Elysees, this nice studio (3rd floor) is conveniently located place Pereire in the chic and pleasant neighborhood of Batignolles-Monceau. The metro Pereire is 30 seconds walk. The studio overlooks a quiet courtyard, full of greenery and is very sunny. It features a large main room with a dining table and several chairs to invite friends to lunch or dinner, 2 beds that you can turn into one, large dressing room, a separate equipped kitchen (with washing machine ) and a lovely bright bathroom with bathtub. A 12-15 min à pieds des champs Elysées, ce joli studio (3ème étage) est idéalement situé place pereire, dans le quartier très chic et agréable de batignolles-Monceau. Le métro Pereire est à 30 secondes à pieds. Le studio donne sur un cour très calme, pleine de verdure, et est très ensoleillée. Il dispose d'une grande pièce principale avec une table de repas et plusieurs chaises pour inviter des amis à déjeuner ou diner, 2 lits que vous pouvez transforme	"A 10 minutes walk from the Champs Elysees, this beautiful studio is ideally located ""place Pereire"" in the pleasant neighborhood of Batignolles-Monceau. The metro Pereire is 30 seconds walk. Many shops are nearby. A 12-15 min walk from the Champs Elysees, this nice studio (3rd floor) is conveniently located place Pereire in the chic and pleasant neighborhood of Batignolles-Monceau. The metro Pereire is 30 seconds walk. The studio overlooks a quiet courtyard, full of greenery and is very sunny. It features a large main room with a dining table and several chairs to invite friends to lunch or dinner, 2 beds that you can turn into one, large dressing room, a separate equipped kitchen (with washing machine ) and a lovely bright bathroom with bathtub. A 12-15 min à pieds des champs Elysées, ce joli studio (3ème étage) est idéalement situé place pereire, dans le quartier très chic et agréable de batignolles-Monceau. Le métro Pereire est à 30 secondes à pieds. Le studio donne sur un cour très"
1139		Studio refait à neuf, comprenant un coin cuisine, une SDB avec baignoire. un canapé  lit avec vrai matelas.  situé au 1er étage sur cour, l'appartement est calme, il se trouve entre 2 station de métros L13. Pleins de commerces et resto autour :)
1140	Furnished flat in a building with lift. second floor. 2 rooms one bedroom with a double bed. Cosy living. Light and calm. bathroom with toilets. kitchnette.  Located Boulevard Pereire underground Porte Maillot  line 1 et  Rer C. Closed Place de l'Etoile, Champs Elysées & la Défense. Nice and  lively district, a lot of shops, restaurants and cinema.	Furnished flat in a building with lift. second floor. 2 rooms one bedroom with a double bed. Cosy living. Light and calm. bathroom with toilets. kitchnette.  Located Boulevard Pereire underground Porte Maillot  line 1 et  Rer C. Closed Place de l'Etoile, Champs Elysées & la Défense. Nice and  lively district, a lot of shops, restaurants and cinema.
1141	Charming, spacious studio (33 m 2), clean and very bright (submission due South and without direct opposite), overlooking a courtyard indoor isolee.  quietly in a warm area and shopping, 5 minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the elysees. situe fields near the Arc de Triomphe, in a typically Parisian quarter (Ternes) with a single energyThanks to its sunny, LOVE STUDIO is the ideal place for a peaceful stay in Paris while being close to all that the city offers more excitant. La main room is spacious and agreable. le green and flowery balcony is ideal for take a breakfast or an aperitif with friends, in the meantime the moonrise on the Parisian roofs...  Dans kitchenyou will find everything you need and can try new French recipes.  Grand bed style Japanese, very comfortable. (Linen provided with duvets and pillows). is bathroom, with shower, toilet and washbasin, is located at the entrance, isolated from the main room, which allows a private space. (Towels provided)  Pour lovers o	Charming, spacious studio (33 m 2), clean and very bright (submission due South and without direct opposite), overlooking a courtyard indoor isolee.  quietly in a warm area and shopping, 5 minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the elysees. Charming, spacious studio (33 m 2), clean and very bright (submission due South and without direct opposite), overlooking a courtyard indoor isolee.  quietly in a warm area and shopping, 5 minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the elysees. situe fields near the Arc de Triomphe, in a typically Parisian quarter (Ternes) with a single energyThanks to its sunny, LOVE STUDIO is the ideal place for a peaceful stay in Paris while being close to all that the city offers more excitant. La main room is spacious and agreable. le green and flowery balcony is ideal for take a breakfast or an aperitif with friends, in the meantime the moonrise on the Parisian roofs...  Dans kitchenyou will find everything you need and can try new French recipes.  Grand bed
1142	A deux pas de l'Etoile et des Champs Elysées, ce beau studio typiquement parisien donne sur le calme d'un petit jardin. Entièrement équipé, il offre un confort idéal pour 2 personnes. Au coeur du 17ème, dans sa partie la plus vivante et dynamique en plein coeur du quartier des Batignolles-Malesherbes, quartier branché et chic, ce petit havre de paix vous offrira confort et repos après vos journées trépidantes parisiennes de visites ou de travail. La salle d'eau et la cuisine sont bien agencées pour profiter de chaque espace agréablement. Le grand lit est de la meilleure qualité pour vous garantir de bonnes nuits de sommeil, et le lit d'appoint accueillera un enfant très facilement. Enfin avec sa télévision grand écran, vous pourrez vous détendre encore davantage en musique ou devant un bon film. Très bien situé, l'appartement se trouve dans un quartier très prisé pour ses animations, ses commerces, marchés et jardins, il est à la fois chic et branché. A deux pas des Champs Elysées, son	Au coeur du 17ème, dans sa partie la plus vivante et dynamique, ce beau studio typiquement parisien donne sur le calme d'un petit jardin. Entièrement équipé, il offre un confort idéal pour 2 personnes. A deux pas de l'Etoile et des Champs Elysées, ce beau studio typiquement parisien donne sur le calme d'un petit jardin. Entièrement équipé, il offre un confort idéal pour 2 personnes. Au coeur du 17ème, dans sa partie la plus vivante et dynamique en plein coeur du quartier des Batignolles-Malesherbes, quartier branché et chic, ce petit havre de paix vous offrira confort et repos après vos journées trépidantes parisiennes de visites ou de travail. La salle d'eau et la cuisine sont bien agencées pour profiter de chaque espace agréablement. Le grand lit est de la meilleure qualité pour vous garantir de bonnes nuits de sommeil, et le lit d'appoint accueillera un enfant très facilement. Enfin avec sa télévision grand écran, vous pourrez vous détendre encore davantage en musique ou devant un b
1143	A unique space for shootings with a great height under roof. Two great rooms with distinguished volumes.	300m2 appartement with a 200m2 diner room for day rent for shootings (photo/films) Haussmanian style in the 17th arrondissement- Upper Ground Floor. Well furnished and decorated Price depending of the precise request A unique space for shootings with a great height under roof. Two great rooms with distinguished volumes. Near the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. We are here to welcome you and show you the place.
1144	Live like a true Parisian! This one bedroom apartment IS Located in the North of Paris, in a hip and trendy area. Totally renovated, You Will Appreciate the calm of this flat, Conceived as a loft with windows running all the way along, You Will enjoy breakfast in glorious sunshine parisian! Beautiful, bright and quiet apartment Completely redecorated. Located on a small, Typically Parisian street, close to the Champs Elysees, Montmartre, the Saint-Ouen flea market (Saint-Ouen flea market) and the famous Moulin Rouge!	Live like a true Parisian! This one bedroom apartment IS Located in the North of Paris, in a hip and trendy area. Totally renovated, You Will Appreciate the calm of this flat, Conceived as a loft with windows running all the way along, You Will enjoy breakfast in glorious sunshine parisian! Beautiful, bright and quiet apartment Completely redecorated. Located on a small, Typically Parisian street, close to the Champs Elysees, Montmartre, the Saint-Ouen flea market (Saint-Ouen flea market) and the famous Moulin Rouge!
1145	Atelier du peintre  de Puvis de Chavannes, situé dans le quartier de la Plaine Monceau.  Ascenseur avec accès  privatif, très calme.  A quelques mètres des commerces de la rue de Courcelles et proche du quartier des Batignolles.  Poêle en fonction dans le salon l'hiver et fenêtres ouvertes l été donnant sur les arbres! Au rez de chaussée : 1 chambre parentale avec salle de bain privée, une chambre avec un lit simple . Une salle de douche et un toilette.  La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon/salle à manger.  A l étage : deux chambres sous les toits communicantes, et une salle de bain.  	Atelier d'artiste familial duplex. 17ème arrondissement. Ascenseur privé.  Très calme. Très lumineux.  4 chambres dont trois avec lits doubles.  150 m2.  À 15 minutes à pieds de l'Arc de Triomphe. Le métro Pereire se situe à 3 minutes. Atelier du peintre  de Puvis de Chavannes, situé dans le quartier de la Plaine Monceau.  Ascenseur avec accès  privatif, très calme.  A quelques mètres des commerces de la rue de Courcelles et proche du quartier des Batignolles.  Poêle en fonction dans le salon l'hiver et fenêtres ouvertes l été donnant sur les arbres! Au rez de chaussée : 1 chambre parentale avec salle de bain privée, une chambre avec un lit simple . Une salle de douche et un toilette.  La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon/salle à manger.  A l étage : deux chambres sous les toits communicantes, et une salle de bain. L appartement est situé à 10 minutes des champs élysées, du parc Monceau et proche des Batignolles.  A 3 mm du métro Pereire ligne 3. Ligne 3 métro Pereire ou Wagram Bus 31 L
1146		Cet appartement est situé dans le 17ème arrondissement, proche du quartier des batignolles et du parc monceau. Il est typiquement parisien avec cheminée (fonctionnelle), parquet, moulures et balcon filant.
1147		Calme et lumineux, situé idéalement pour découvrir tous les charmes de Paris. Les champs élysées et la rue du Faubourg st Honoré à proximité. Métro très proche, sur des lignes qui permettent de se rendre dans tous les endroits touristiques.
1148	This stylish and comfortable 2 bedroom/2 bathroom apartment of 97 sq.m is available for short-term as well as several months let. Very tastefully furnished and equipped with all the amenities required for a very enjoyable stay, for either business or pleasure. It is situated in a convenient neighbourhood, near Metro Malesherbes   Sunny, bright, it is on the 4th floor with lift, in a late 19th-century Haussmanien building, with all typical Haussmanien features, hardwood parquet floors, marble fireplaces with mirrows, moulded ceilings.  The nearest metro is Malesherbes or Wagram lines 2 and 3, RER C nearby. very easy bus connections to all over Paris Two minutes from the famous Parc Monceau and the open-air market on Rue Levis, a 5-minute walk from the Champs Elysées and its cinemas and restaurants	This stylish and comfortable 2 bed 2 bath apartment of 97 sq.m is available fo short term as well as a few months lets very tastefully furnished and equipped with all the amenities required for a very enjoyable stay ,for either business or pleasure. This stylish and comfortable 2 bedroom/2 bathroom apartment of 97 sq.m is available for short-term as well as several months let. Very tastefully furnished and equipped with all the amenities required for a very enjoyable stay, for either business or pleasure. It is situated in a convenient neighbourhood, near Metro Malesherbes   Sunny, bright, it is on the 4th floor with lift, in a late 19th-century Haussmanien building, with all typical Haussmanien features, hardwood parquet floors, marble fireplaces with mirrows, moulded ceilings.  The nearest metro is Malesherbes or Wagram lines 2 and 3, RER C nearby. very easy bus connections to all over Paris Two minutes from the famous Parc Monceau and the open-air market on Rue Levis, a 5-minute wal
1149	Brand new, nice modern decoration  suny,  balcony with a view on a garden where you can have your meal.	Very bright apartment 52m², 1 bedroom 4th floor with an elevator Big living room with an american kitchen Balcony, nice view on a garden  Métro Pereire,RER C, bus 84,92,93 that takes you straight in 10 minutes to the Champs Elysees  or Opéra .  Brand new, nice modern decoration  suny,  balcony with a view on a garden where you can have your meal. Washing machin, dish washer I will be in Paris during your stay and I will leave you my phone number and e mail address in case you need anything  Very close to a typical french market ( fruit, vegetable ...) , very close to a great place for shopping (rue de Courcelles) Métro Pereire Bus 92,93,84 RER C
1150		Lovely flat in the nice area of Batignolles in Paris 17e close to Villiers-Rome metro stations Not far from Montmarte or Champs Elysés 1 bedroom + 1 living room, ideal for couples
1151	- Flat completely renovated in summer 2014 - Lovely neighbourhood with parks, cafés&restaurants - Perfectly connected to main touristic areas	Apartment located in a lovely neighboorhood between Champs-Elysées and Montmartre. 76 sqm; completely renovated in July 2014. Typical 19th century Haussmann building with elevator. Beautiful living room with and 2 quiet and spacious bedrooms. - Flat completely renovated in summer 2014 - Lovely neighbourhood with parks, cafés&restaurants - Perfectly connected to main touristic areas Metro 2 (Rome) and 13 (Brochant) Bus 53, 66, etc. Train Cardinet Our apartment is located in the lovely neighboorhood of « Batignolles », a very typical Parisian area with many charming restaurants, cafés, a traditional market and two very beautiful parks. It is located in north-western Paris, between Champs-Elysées and Sacré-Cœur/Montmartre. All main touristic areas can be easily reached by walking or public transport. Our apartment (76 sqm) has been completely renovated in July 2014 when we moved in. It is located on the 2nd floor of a typical 19th century Haussmann building with elevator. It has a beautif
1152	Right in front of the Park Monceau in a large court on the 5th floor very sunny and calm  little building  nice view  a suite with his own  italian shower  in the bedroom with a nice large bed  you will be in the atmosphère of a Parisian artist painter and sculptor  who knows the city  so well  i ll be happy to give you some advices on the secret PARIS Right around  2MN to go to a  famous market rue de Levis   right in front the Park where to walk run and have pic nic at the nice season ! Printemps and Galeries lafayettes   10 mn by bus or metro  metro stop : VILLIERS  2mn from home  10 mn by Métro to go to Montmartre or Opéra  or Champs Elysées  UNIQUE because you'll be in an artist place very rare in this part of Paris where the parisians are living it's calm at night but full of nice restaurants all around   i'll talk to you in English	Right in front of the Park Monceau in a large court on the 5th floor very sunny and calm  little building  nice view  a suite with his own  italian shower  in the bedroom with a nice large bed  you will be in the atmosphère of a Parisian artist painter and sculptor  who knows the city  so well  i ll be happy to give you some advices on the secret PARIS Right around  2MN to go to a  famous market rue de Levis   right in front the Park where to walk run and have pic nic at the nice season ! Printemps and Galeries lafayettes   10 mn by bus or metro  metro stop : VILLIERS  2mn from home  10 mn by Métro to go to Montmartre or Opéra  or Champs Elysées  UNIQUE because you'll be in an artist place very rare in this part of Paris where the parisians are living it's calm at night but full of nice restaurants all around   i'll talk to you in English  
1153		Lovely apartment (40 m2: 2 Room) and very sunny located between Pereire and Porte de Champerret, very closed to Champs Elysées. Located on the fifth floor. Metro (line 3) and many buses at 10meter away from the apartment. Bed king Size      
1154	all renewed, fresh and very sunny	calme renewed ensoleille entièrement refait a neuf quartier chic cuisine équipée tout compris all included long or short term all renewed, fresh and very sunny all included , you just have to put your suitcase and enjoy via the website and mail I love the 17 th arrondissement of paris, central, next to Parc Monceau, Champs Elysees, all walking distance Metro wagram or Pereire, Bus and RER Moschino Hotel Milan  inspired decoration,  all taxes included , very calm and safety with concierge, lift...
1155	"The apartment:  - 41 square meter with 1 bed room and 1 living room, with a sofa bed. - Calm and quiet are the most appropriate word for this apartment face a garden so there is absolutely no street noise providing tranquility and quietness.  Experience an incredible night's sleep in a true ""Queen Size"" bed. Ideal for a comfortable stay for 2 people."	"This apartment is incredible. modern,closed to the Arc de Triomphe (1 km away (3300 ft)) and 10 minutes’ walk from the Champs Elysees Avenue. This apt has 2 rooms, with one bedroom and 1 living room. It is very quiet which is rare in Paris. The apartment:  - 41 square meter with 1 bed room and 1 living room, with a sofa bed. - Calm and quiet are the most appropriate word for this apartment face a garden so there is absolutely no street noise providing tranquility and quietness.  Experience an incredible night's sleep in a true ""Queen Size"" bed. Ideal for a comfortable stay for 2 people. Fully acces to the apartment. A lift is available In addition I have a concierge available if there is any problem. About the area, we are located in a very residential part of paris, filled with young married couples, the west area is the safest part of paris !  All the shop, bar and restaurant are close to the apartment. Champs-Elysées Street is 10 minutes walking distance away Runners can also joggin"
1156	Petit deux pièces de 30 m2 dans le quartier Batignolles - Place de Clichy. Petit vestibule avec machine à laver, cuisinette indépendante, salle d'eau, séjour et chambre séparée. Au troisième étage, sans ascenseur. Accueille confortablement deux personnes, et éventuellement un enfant en couchage d'appoint dans le séjour. Situé dans une rue calme, à l'écart du trafic.	Près de la place de Clichy, petit 2 pièces de 30 m2 pour accueillir confortablement deux personnes et accéder facilement à tous les centres d'intérêt parisiens ! Petit deux pièces de 30 m2 dans le quartier Batignolles - Place de Clichy. Petit vestibule avec machine à laver, cuisinette indépendante, salle d'eau, séjour et chambre séparée. Au troisième étage, sans ascenseur. Accueille confortablement deux personnes, et éventuellement un enfant en couchage d'appoint dans le séjour. Situé dans une rue calme, à l'écart du trafic. En fonction de mes disponibilités, je m'efforcerai de vous accompagner au mieux dans votre séjour, selon vos souhaits. Quartier vivant et en pleine transformation, à deux pas de la Place de Clichy. Montmartre et Pigalle accessibles à pied, tous les points d'intérêt majeurs du centre de Paris  accessible en 20 mn de transports en commun. Métro: sur la ligne 13, stations La Fourche, Brochant ou Guy Moquet. Bus: lignes directes vers les Gares du Nord et de l'Est, le q
1157	A luxury garden flat which includes a very large living room with 3 large french windows onto the garden and 3 bedrooms all ensuite bathroom (3 bathrooms and 2 separate toilets). There is a private entrance by the garden which is very unusual for Paris to have a garden! Beautiful wooden floor, kitchen with nespresso coffee machine for your breakfast ! 5 mns away from Champs Elysees! You will enjoy your private area : bedroom, ensuite bathroom and separate Toilet. Located in a  very safe area. There is a supermarket just near by and the rue de levis is 5mns walk from the appartement where there is a food (very French...) market everyday and a lot of boutiques, boulangerie, fishmonger, cheese shops....   You will enjoy your  own independant space which includes : bedroom + bathroom + separate toilet - like an annexe to the appartment which gives you a lot of privacy.  Its 10 mns walk from Etoile, Champs Elysees - Metro Wagram is 2 mns away.  It's a beautiful parisian flat with original f	It's a spacious bedroom + bathroom + separated toilet in a luxury garden flat on Avenue de Wagram - You will have access to the flat and kitchen if you need to and you have a private area for yourself - It's very nice as there is a garden!  A luxury garden flat which includes a very large living room with 3 large french windows onto the garden and 3 bedrooms all ensuite bathroom (3 bathrooms and 2 separate toilets). There is a private entrance by the garden which is very unusual for Paris to have a garden! Beautiful wooden floor, kitchen with nespresso coffee machine for your breakfast ! 5 mns away from Champs Elysees! You will enjoy your private area : bedroom, ensuite bathroom and separate Toilet. Located in a  very safe area. There is a supermarket just near by and the rue de levis is 5mns walk from the appartement where there is a food (very French...) market everyday and a lot of boutiques, boulangerie, fishmonger, cheese shops....   You will enjoy your  own independant space whic
1158	Appartement 2 pièces calme et agréable non loin des Champs Elysées (bus). Parfait pour visiter Paris il est situé, dans un quartier résidentiel. Lumineux et aéré car traversant, haut de plafond, il est équipé pour recevoir un enfant et/ou un bébé.  Jardin public et marché bi-hebdomadaire au bout de la rue. Commerces de bouche à quelques minutes à pied (épicerie, boucherie, boulangerie en bas de l'immeuble, primeur, fromager et caviste 3 à 5mn à pied). Centre commercial So Ouest 5 à 7mn à pied. Bon accès aux principaux sites touristiques : Arc de Triomphe Champs Elysees 10mn (bus), Musée du Louvre 20mn (metro), Musée d'Orsay Museum (bus), Opéra 15mn (metro), Grand Palais 20mn (metro), Tour Eiffel 30mn (bus), Moulin Rouge et Montmartre 20mn (metro), Chateau de Versailles 1h, Batignolles  15mn (bus)  1 grand lit double (160x200) + 1 lit enfant (70x160) + 1 lit bébé. 1 canapé 3 places. Cuisine avec plaques à induction, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, cafetière, lave vaisselle, mixer blender	2 adultes, 2 enfants Appartement 2 pièces calme et agréable non loin des Champs Elysées (bus). Parfait pour visiter Paris il est situé, dans un quartier résidentiel. Lumineux et aéré car traversant, haut de plafond, il est équipé pour recevoir un enfant et/ou un bébé.  Jardin public et marché bi-hebdomadaire au bout de la rue. Commerces de bouche à quelques minutes à pied (épicerie, boucherie, boulangerie en bas de l'immeuble, primeur, fromager et caviste 3 à 5mn à pied). Centre commercial So Ouest 5 à 7mn à pied. Bon accès aux principaux sites touristiques : Arc de Triomphe Champs Elysees 10mn (bus), Musée du Louvre 20mn (metro), Musée d'Orsay Museum (bus), Opéra 15mn (metro), Grand Palais 20mn (metro), Tour Eiffel 30mn (bus), Moulin Rouge et Montmartre 20mn (metro), Chateau de Versailles 1h, Batignolles  15mn (bus)  1 grand lit double (160x200) + 1 lit enfant (70x160) + 1 lit bébé. 1 canapé 3 places. Cuisine avec plaques à induction, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, cafetière, lave vai
1159	The flat is really nice and peaceful, zen spirit will help you to relax yourself.   A balcony is agreeable during spring and summer season. The two bedrooms get a double bed (on request we can add a mattress in the second bedroom if needed)  and are very sunny during morning, perfect to weak up in good mood !  The flat get a dining room AND a living room (very clean flat)	"Nice 1930's flat of 61m² with balcony. Zen and Welcoming. From 10 minutes to Champs Elysées, 5 minutes to Palais des Congrès Porte Maillot, in a nice area, metro, buses nearby. The flat is really nice and peaceful, zen spirit will help you to relax yourself.   A balcony is agreeable during spring and summer season. The two bedrooms get a double bed (on request we can add a mattress in the second bedroom if needed)  and are very sunny during morning, perfect to weak up in good mood !  The flat get a dining room AND a living room (very clean flat) You will have an Internet connection A bathroom set will be prepare for you : towels, soap ... You will get access to the kitchen too. I will welcome you and will give you the information about restaurants, supermarkets, stores, transportation ... The neighbourhood is really nice, ""Art Deco"" and ""Haussman"" architecture, there are some nice ballads to do. (very safe area at evening). Very easy, subway and buses are just nearby. In 5 minutes you "
1160	ENGLISH VERSION BELOW] Merveilleux loft type atelier d'artiste avec grande hauteur sous plafond, cuisine ouverte sur le salon et chambre en mezzanine (grand lit). Très lumineux, calme et agréable. Donne sur une cour jardin. A 200 m du Parc Monceau (idéal pour pique nique ou jogging). La cuisine est toute équipée : lave-vaisselle, four, plaques, frigidaire, congélateur, mixeur, blender, bouilloire ... Connexion Internet puissante. _______________________________________  [ENGLISH VERSION] Our little paradise is a wonderful loft in an artist's studio style with hight ceilings, an open kitchen and a (large!) bed on mezzanine. Very bright, overlooking a courtyard with garden so very calm as well. 200m from Parc Monceau (perfect for joggings or picnics). The kitchen is fully equipped with: dishwasher, oven, stoves, fridge, freezer, mixer, blender, kettle ... Strong Wi-Fi connexion.	Loft -artist's studio style, perfect for a couple. 40m², bright & calm. Fully equiped. In the center of Paris, close to :  - attractions & museum (Champs-Elysées, Grands Magasins, Montmartre ...)  - shops  - transportation  - a park  etc.
1161	this charming dupleix is only 5 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe, but when you get there after a day in the city, you can enjoy the calm and relax.	Our flat is located in the 17th district of Paris that is very central as it is only 5 minutes walking from the Champs Elysées and 1 minute from the Arc de Triomphe.  There is a huge and typical fresh food market just next door and also the biggest cultural store in Paris (books, dvd's, electronics. etc. . ) called La Fnac. If you wish to bike we are only 10 minutes from the Bois de Boulogne being the largest park in the city . Avenue des ternes just around the corner has many restaurants and tons of shops. this charming dupleix is only 5 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe, but when you get there after a day in the city, you can enjoy the calm and relax. You are very welcome to call me if you need anything during your stay. 5 mn from metro Ternes and 1 mn from the bus station.
1162		Beau 5 pièces double salon de 30 mètres carrés, plein sud, 3 chambres idéal pour une famille de 4 personnes. Cuisine dinatoire. Paris 17e. Nombreux commerces, équipements sportifs et parc Monceau. Proximité avec la place de l'étoile. 
1163	Great location. Quiet neighborhood -walking distance to the Champs Élysées, 	"Discover Paris and live like a French student living in a ""chambre de bonne."" These rooms located on the top floor of a traditional Parisian building were in the past occupied by the domestic staff of well-off French families.  Great location. Quiet neighborhood -walking distance to the Champs Élysées,  there is a shower inside the room and a toilet is located outside -a few rooms down the hall.  I will be reachable by phone and email at all time and I will be there  at your arrival.  Very clean and safe neighborhood. Perfect for a first visit in Paris. 5/10 minutes walk to metro and RER. 5 minutes to buses Toilets outside the apartment "
1164	logement rénové entièrement, parquet, cuisine US. Très agréable à vivre mais aussi très fonctionnel	Profitez de ce joli studio rénové, équipé et meublé avec gout. Il est situé dans un immeuble calme et proche du métro et ses commerces. Et a 5 stations des Champs Elysées. Un endroit idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes. logement rénové entièrement, parquet, cuisine US. Très agréable à vivre mais aussi très fonctionnel n'hésitez pas à écrire, je vous répondrai avec plaisir. Son coté très parisien  et à la fois cosmopolite. Les restaurants sont nombreux. Le marché des Batignoles est à 2 pas. metro ligne 13 / station Brochant ou Guy Moquet Pour les locations de 1 mois ou plus, la consommation en électricité est à charge du locataire (la facture lui sera présentée)
1165	Located on the 7th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a first gate with a door code and a second one with an intercom. This apartment is very bright. It has a long balcony with a clear view on the street side, and a great view on the Eiffel Tower from the master bedroom, on the other side of the building. All the windows are double-glazed. The apartment is therefore very quiet ! This beautiful 63 sqm 2-bedroom apartment can sleep up to five guests. The entrance directly gives on the main room, the living/dining-room. The dining area features a lovely adjustable dining table for four people. The living area has a comfortable couch (that can be used as a single bed 90×180), a matching seat, a coffee table and a flat television. The double-glazed French windows gives on the 14 sqm balcony, perfect for chilling after a long and busy day ! You will then reach the two bedrooms. One, the biggest, gives on the back side of the building. You will have the pleasure to see 	Airy, bright and comfortable 2-bedroom 63 sqm apartment with a large balcony to rent for 5 people between the Parc Monceau and the Rue Levis in the 17th district of Paris. Located on the 7th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a first gate with a door code and a second one with an intercom. This apartment is very bright. It has a long balcony with a clear view on the street side, and a great view on the Eiffel Tower from the master bedroom, on the other side of the building. All the windows are double-glazed. The apartment is therefore very quiet ! This beautiful 63 sqm 2-bedroom apartment can sleep up to five guests. The entrance directly gives on the main room, the living/dining-room. The dining area features a lovely adjustable dining table for four people. The living area has a comfortable couch (that can be used as a single bed 90×180), a matching seat, a coffee table and a flat television. The double-glazed French windows gives on the 14 sqm balcony, perfect
1166	LOVELY FLAT IN THE HEART OF PARIS. AVAILABLE FROM 16 of AUGUST UNTIL 30 OF SEPTEMBER 8 minutes away from the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe and close to the Parc Monceau, this comfy furnished apartment is very central for anyone that comes to Paris for few days even for few weeks.  About 60 sqm situated on the 5th floor, the flat is bright and calm thanks to the interior courtyard orientation.  -leaving room -Kitchen -2 bedrooms -1 bathroom It is perfect for 4 persons (2 bedrooms with 2 matrimonial bed). We have everything you would need:  cleaning machine, dish machine,  microwave, fridge, freezer, oven, iron…  TV and Internet Wifi are also included in the package.  Secured building with codes.  5 minutes from the bus stops going to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport (Carnot or Maillot) 	LOVELY FLAT IN THE HEART OF PARIS. AVAILABLE FROM 16 of AUGUST UNTIL 30 OF SEPTEMBER 8 minutes away from the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe and close to the Parc Monceau, this comfy furnished apartment is very central for anyone that comes to Paris for few days even for few weeks.  About 60 sqm situated on the 5th floor, the flat is bright and calm thanks to the interior courtyard orientation.  -leaving room -Kitchen -2 bedrooms -1 bathroom It is perfect for 4 persons (2 bedrooms with 2 matrimonial bed). We have everything you would need:  cleaning machine, dish machine,  microwave, fridge, freezer, oven, iron…  TV and Internet Wifi are also included in the package.  Secured building with codes.  5 minutes from the bus stops going to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport (Carnot or Maillot) 
1167	Le logement est calme, très clair (double exposition). Il comporte une grande chambre avec des rangements et un bureau, un salon  très accueillant (canapé convertible pour des couchages supplémentaires), une salle de bain avec une baignoire et des toilettes, ainsi qu'une cuisine indépendante et équipée. Décoration soignée, nombreux livres et DVD à votre disposition.  Accès illimité au wifi, télévision et chaîne hifi. Draps et serviettes fournis.	Cet appartement de 35m² chaleureux, calme et lumineux, situé sous les toits, vous accueillera dans un quartier typiquement parisien, très commerçant à 2 pas de Montmartre. Le logement est calme, très clair (double exposition). Il comporte une grande chambre avec des rangements et un bureau, un salon  très accueillant (canapé convertible pour des couchages supplémentaires), une salle de bain avec une baignoire et des toilettes, ainsi qu'une cuisine indépendante et équipée. Décoration soignée, nombreux livres et DVD à votre disposition.  Accès illimité au wifi, télévision et chaîne hifi. Draps et serviettes fournis. L'appartement est accessible en entier. Accueil personnalisé à l'arrivée. Informations pratiques et astuces de parisienne ! Dans ce quartier vous trouverez des commerces, de nombreux cafés avec terrasse, des restaurants variés, un marché quotidien, la proximité avec Montmartre ,des cinémas... Le métro étant tout près vous pourrez accéder facilement et rapidement à de nombreux
1168	On the second floor with elevator, this apartment decorated in an authentic Parisian style consists of a large living room, a dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, 3 bedrooms and a bathroom. The apartment is very quiet and can accommodate 5 people (possibility 6 people if 2 children)   - 3 bedrooms: Two bedrooms with a double bed and a bedroom with double bed for 1 adult or 2 children).   - Fully equipped kitchen: stove, oven, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, as well as dishes, pots, cups and glasses.   - 1 bathroom and 1 WC   - Washing machine and dryer	On the second floor with elevator, this apartment decorated in an authentic Parisian style consists of a large living room, a dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, 3 bedrooms and a bathroom. The apartment is very quiet and can accommodate 5 people (possibility 6 people if 2 children)   - 3 bedrooms: Two bedrooms with a double bed and a bedroom with double bed for 1 adult or 2 children).   - Fully equipped kitchen: stove, oven, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, as well as dishes, pots, cups and glasses.   - 1 bathroom and 1 WC   - Washing machine and dryer The typical Parisian luxury building built in 1900 is perfectly maintained. The area is one of the most chic and fun to Paris. You will find everything you need nearby: restaurants, cafes, market, bakery, pharmacy. It is a few minutes from the Champs Elysees. HOW TO GET THERE   Two subway lines (line 1 and 2) and several bus lines are nearby, ideal for getting around Paris.   You are 5 minutes walk from the Champs Elysees and 20 minutes f
1169	You will feel at home in the warm and welcoming atmosphere! The flat has been entirely refurbished a year ago.	"My flat is located on the 5th floor of a typical old ""Haussmanian"" building on the courtyard side. It has been renovated one year ago in a welcoming vintage style with furniture coming directly from flea markets in Paris and Berlin, as well as my grand parents' home! You will feel at home in the warm and welcoming atmosphere! The flat has been entirely refurbished a year ago. Easy access with underground line 13 two minutes away (Guy Moquet) Lift within building Available by phone and email and I would be happy to meet you in person depending on arrival and departure time! Very Parisian neighborhood with cafés, boulangeries and a marché around the corner! The Festiv at the ground floor of the building is a perfect spot to drink a beer or have a coffee on the terrace Direct bus to Place de l'Etoile/Arc de triomphe (15 min), direct underground to the Champs Elysées (15 min), Montmartre by foot (15 min) Very nice neighbours! Nice Parisian bistro and terrace just outside the entry door!"
1170	Cuisine tout équipée (plaques induction, four, frigidaire, four à micro-onde, bouilloire, congélateur, robot Magimix, machine à café, blender, machine à laver...) + lave linge, sèche linge, fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux... Très grand lit double dans la chambre (1,80/2m) avec un excellent matelas. Le 2ème lit (double) est un canapé-lit très confortable dans le salon. Et pour un bébé: lit parapluie, table à langer, chaise haute, babycook, petite baignoire...	Appartement situé sur le boulevard Pereire et ses longs parcs, facilement accessible. Tout équipé, particulièrement lumineux et décoré avec soin.  Son aménagement rendra votre séjour au cœur de Paris agréable et facile. + équipement pour bébé Cuisine tout équipée (plaques induction, four, frigidaire, four à micro-onde, bouilloire, congélateur, robot Magimix, machine à café, blender, machine à laver...) + lave linge, sèche linge, fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux... Très grand lit double dans la chambre (1,80/2m) avec un excellent matelas. Le 2ème lit (double) est un canapé-lit très confortable dans le salon. Et pour un bébé: lit parapluie, table à langer, chaise haute, babycook, petite baignoire... Appartement entier : cuisine, salon/salle à manger, chambre, salle de bain. Proche métro (lignes 1, 2 et 3), RER (A et C), et nombreux bus. 2ème étage sans ascenseur
1171		I'm pleased to let you enjoying my place when I'm away. It is approximately 45 m², with a room upstairs under the roof and a long but thin balcony where you can have your breakfast with sunlight all day long. It's calm and 10 mins walk to Montmartre.
1172		Un réel cocon situé au cœur de Paris, à deux minutes du Parc Monceau, non loin des Champs Élysées et du Sacré Cœur.  Lieu de ressourcement et propice à la découverte de la ville des lumières.
1173	The 50 square meter apartment is at the top floor of a pre-Haussmannian building. It's very calm and sunny, as it overlooks a private garden and is facing South-West. The place is typical of an historic very functional place, with an open kitchen and no corridors. The bed room is vast and quiet. It has been completely renovated and is fully equipped.	Sunny and cosy flat, ideally located in the Batignolles district with nice parks, bar à vins and restaurants around. Close to Saint Lazare, Moulin Rouge & Montmartre. Renovated, pre-Haussmanian, bright and quiet. The 50 square meter apartment is at the top floor of a pre-Haussmannian building. It's very calm and sunny, as it overlooks a private garden and is facing South-West. The place is typical of an historic very functional place, with an open kitchen and no corridors. The bed room is vast and quiet. It has been completely renovated and is fully equipped. You have full access to the apartment: living and dining rooms, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. You can also park bicycles in the private courtyard. You can call / email us at anytime. We've added first aid instruction, Wifi codes and a few recommendations. You're located in the heart of the Batignolles district. It's a very pedestrian area, with streets bordered with charming little boutiques, cafés, bistrots and restaurants - ope
1174	Appartement de 3 pièces : un salon salle à manger, un autre petit salon qui fait aussi office de bureau, une chambre et bien sûr, une cuisine équipée, une salle de bains et des toilettes séparées. Présence d'un piano droit années 30. Possibilité de s’entraîner la journée.  	Situé aux Batignolles, proximité métro Rome ou Villiers,1 salon salle à manger (dont 1 piano) 1 bureau, 1 chambre, salle de bains (avec douche) et cuisine. Proche de restaurants, bars et commerces. Immeuble calme. Non fumeur.                    Appartement de 3 pièces : un salon salle à manger, un autre petit salon qui fait aussi office de bureau, une chambre et bien sûr, une cuisine équipée, une salle de bains et des toilettes séparées. Présence d'un piano droit années 30. Possibilité de s’entraîner la journée.   Proximité de la rue de Rome et de ses magasins de musique, ainsi que du conservatoire de région. Idéal pour un musicien. Proximité de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. Charme du village des Batignolles. Proche de parcs.  Métro Rome, Villiers. Bus 30, 53. Sans ascenseur.
1175	Our very comfortable 30m2 apartment is located at only 200 m (5 minutes by foot) from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées. The apartment lies in a chic and calm neighborhood with lots of little, typical shops and restaurants. 	Our very comfortable 30m² apartment for 2-4 persons is located at only 200 m (5 minutes by foot) from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées and only 15 min from the Eiffel tower. A perfect starting point for your vacation! Our very comfortable 30m2 apartment is located at only 200 m (5 minutes by foot) from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées. The apartment lies in a chic and calm neighborhood with lots of little, typical shops and restaurants.  The building of the apartment is very safe and quite as the apartment overlooks a small court yard and is not located on the street side. Whole apartment Metro lines 1, 2 and 6 and RER A at 5 minutes by foot. There is also a bus line that goes directly to Charles de Gaulle airport and Orly airport that stops at the end of our street (at the Arc de Triomphe). An one way ticket costs €10 and it takes about an hour to get to both airports. Very convenient if you don't want to get a taxi or take the subway.
1176	Nous vous proposons au choix 2 chambres différentes. Chacune peux accueillir 2 personnes.  Il s'agit de de 2 chambres privatives avec un vrai lit. Ou bien le salon, qui est aussi disponible (23m2) avec un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, spacieux et confortable. Chaque pièce se trouve à votre disposition : entrée, cuisine, salle de bain avec baignoire, et wc séparé ainsi que le salon. Nous avons 2 adorables chats dans notre appartement (qui ne vous embêteront pas ! )	Appartement de 65m2, situé au coeur des batignolles, à moins de 10 minutes à pied du métro 2 (Rome),  13 (Place de Clichy), 3 (Villiers). Cuisine spacieuse, salle de bain (avec baignoire), toilettes séparées. Chambres de 15 à 23 m2. Nous vous proposons au choix 2 chambres différentes. Chacune peux accueillir 2 personnes.  Il s'agit de de 2 chambres privatives avec un vrai lit. Ou bien le salon, qui est aussi disponible (23m2) avec un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, spacieux et confortable. Chaque pièce se trouve à votre disposition : entrée, cuisine, salle de bain avec baignoire, et wc séparé ainsi que le salon. Nous avons 2 adorables chats dans notre appartement (qui ne vous embêteront pas ! ) Cuisine (lave-linge, 1 petit frigo, couverts, assiettes , verres, micro-onde, cafetière, bouilloire, grille-pain, four, gaz),  Salon (tv cablée, internet sans fil, fer a repasser),  salle de bain (Sèche-cheveux, lisseur, shampoing, gel douche, serviettes), Wc séparé (super peinture ar
1177		Un studio de 20 m² idéal pour deux personnes,agréable et très convivial proche de tous les commerces ( Monoprix, Franprix, DIA...) et des endroits magiques de Paris,un quartier sympa et sécurisé. à 5 min de métro ternes ( ligne 2) ou 3 min métro Pereire (ligne 3). 10 min de Charles de Gaulle étoile (ligne 2,6,RER A,1)
1178	Ce charmant 2 pièces typiquement parisien de 40m2 est situé au cœur du quartier des Batignolles. Idéalement situé à 15 min à pied de Montmartre et Pigalle, il est calme, lumineux et jouit d'une vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Dans un immeuble calme et ancien, l'appartement est doté :  - D'une chambre séparée avec un balconnet (vue dégagée) - D'un salon spacieux comprenant : une cuisine ouverte équipée (réfrigérateur-congélateur, four, 2 plaques de cuisson, poêles,casseroles, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine) ; un bar ; un canapé lit d'appoint idéal pour une personne (avec draps, oreillers, couverture), un balconnet (vue dégagée) - Une salle de bain équipée d'une douche et de WC (gel de douche, shampoing, serviettes propres et sèche-cheveux) - Accès internet wifi.  Vous trouverez dans la cuisine de quoi vous préparer du thé ou du café et de quoi petit déjeuner.    	Ce charmant 2 pièces typiquement parisien de 40m2 est situé au cœur du quartier des Batignolles. Idéalement situé à 15 min à pied de Montmartre et Pigalle, il est calme, lumineux et jouit d'une vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Ce charmant 2 pièces typiquement parisien de 40m2 est situé au cœur du quartier des Batignolles. Idéalement situé à 15 min à pied de Montmartre et Pigalle, il est calme, lumineux et jouit d'une vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Dans un immeuble calme et ancien, l'appartement est doté :  - D'une chambre séparée avec un balconnet (vue dégagée) - D'un salon spacieux comprenant : une cuisine ouverte équipée (réfrigérateur-congélateur, four, 2 plaques de cuisson, poêles,casseroles, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine) ; un bar ; un canapé lit d'appoint idéal pour une personne (avec draps, oreillers, couverture), un balconnet (vue dégagée) - Une salle de bain équipée d'une douche et de WC (gel de douche, shampoing, serviettes propres et sèche-cheveux) - Accès int
1179		Our flat in the 17th in Paris it's a quiet appartment within 10 min walking distance from arc de triomphe & Champs Elysées, It's served by metro line nombre 3 or the RER C, ideal for business trips, a family and friends holidays.
1180	Appartement typiquement Haussmanien avec moulures et cheminée. Il est situé au coeur du 17ème arrondissement de Paris avec parcs, quartier des Batignolles à 5 minutes à pied, de nombreux restaurants et bars ainsi que des commerces. Parfaitement desservi, le métro et les lignes de bus sont juste à côté, ce qui facilite les sorties. L'appartement est spacieux et lumineux. La cuisine est très grande et totalement équipée. Nous avons eu un vrai coup de coeur pour cet appartement et souhaitons le partager avec ceux qui souhaiteraient découvrir Paris et ses environs.	Appartement typiquement Haussmanien avec moulures et cheminée. Il est situé au coeur du 17ème arrondissement de Paris avec parcs, quartier des Batignolles à 5 minutes à pied, de nombreux restaurants et bars ainsi que des commerces. Parfaitement desse Appartement typiquement Haussmanien avec moulures et cheminée. Il est situé au coeur du 17ème arrondissement de Paris avec parcs, quartier des Batignolles à 5 minutes à pied, de nombreux restaurants et bars ainsi que des commerces. Parfaitement desservi, le métro et les lignes de bus sont juste à côté, ce qui facilite les sorties. L'appartement est spacieux et lumineux. La cuisine est très grande et totalement équipée. Nous avons eu un vrai coup de coeur pour cet appartement et souhaitons le partager avec ceux qui souhaiteraient découvrir Paris et ses environs.
1181		Appartement 3 pièces avec 2 chambres donnant sur grande cours intérieur. Cuisine équipée, wifi, tv câblée et salon spacieux. 1 chambre avec un lit 2 places + 1 chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places très confortable. Proche commerces (supermarché, Fnac...), et proche Champs Élysée.
1182		Perfect place to visit one of the most famous area of Paris. Large space, lovely setting. Suitable for families and friends group as well.  You won’t only fall for the city but also for this wonderful Parisian apartment. It's waiting for you! My apartment is located in an haussmann building style.  You will have access to a wide living room  A large lobby  Kitchen fully- equipped 3 bedrooms with 2 private bathrooms, the living room can easily turn into a confortable 4th bedroom A lot of storage place   You have access to WIFI I grew up in Paris, I love this city! I'll be happy to share with you, give you some advice. If you need ideas of restaurants or other event, you can easily reach me. I would also be glad to advise you places that only real Parisians know ;) The apartment is located in one of the most prestigious area of Paris, closed to the Champs Elysées avenue.  What I like about my neighborhood is that you have a park just in front of the building, it’s great to relax and walk
1183	Cet appartement de 22m est parfaitement situé (à 100m de l’arc de triomphe) et rénové.  Le voisinage est très calme et l'environnement global sécurisé.  	Je vous propose de poser vos bagages dans mon logement parisien que ce soit le temps d’un weekend, d’un déplacement professionnel (stage etc.), pour une location temporaire qui serait de plus ou moins longue durée. Cet appartement de 22m est parfaitement situé (à 100m de l’arc de triomphe) et rénové.  Le voisinage est très calme et l'environnement global sécurisé.   Matériel de cuisine mis à disposition exprès pour les voyageurs. Deux compartiments de rangement vous sera également consacré pour plus de confort et de tranquillité.  Je réponds très rapidement à vos interrogations et serai toujours là pour la remise des clés, afin que nous nous rencontrions. Cela nous permettra aussi de discuter un peu avant votre installation et serai disposé à répondre à toutes vos sollicitations aussi efficacement que possible. Vous y trouverez absolument tout ! Pharmacie, banques, de nombreux cafés très sympas, boutiques, épiceries, supermarché, fast food etc.  Il y en a pour tous les goûts et tous le
1184		Joli Deux pièces 35 M² à paris 17 rue des Apennins entièrement équipé (télé, home cinéma, lave linge, four, micro onde...) meublé refait à neuf sur rue ensoleillée. Possibilité d'être a trois.
1185	Luxurious flat in the center of Paris in 17th district, in the heart of Batignolles area at 20 minutes walking to Montmartre. 47m2 in a typical parisian building. Calm, with a room, a living-room, bathroom and toilets.	Luxurious flat in the center of Paris in 17th district, in the heart of Batignolles area at 20 minutes walking to Montmartre. 47m2 in a typical parisian building. Calm, with a room, a living-room, bathroom and toilets. You will have access at thhe whole apartment. I use to be reachable all the time by SMS, telephon , email or Whatsapp. Subways: Rome or Place de Clichy. Non smoking apartment. No parties.
1186		No doubt you will be charmed by the exposed beams! This lovely 60sq. meter flat is ideally located in the heart of the Batignolles area. It can welcome 4 people (1 bed room + 1 sofa bed) and is fully equipped (wifi, TV, washing machine).  
1187		Dans la mesure du possible de les conseiller sur les bons plans sur Paris et ses environs. Les restaurants divers et variés car tous les jours, vous pouvez voyager tout en savourant les bons petits plats de la pizza à l'entrecôte... On a l'impression dans un petit village niché en plein Paris rythmé par des restaurants dans une ambiance sophistiquée et décontractée. Il y a aussi le jardin d'acclimatation sans oublier  l'Arc-de-Triomphe. Accès : Métro : Charles de Gaulle - Etoile Argentine / Porte-Maillot RER C :  Neuilly - Porte-Maillot RER C : Accès direct au Palais de Versailles  RER A : Charles-De-Gaulle / Etoile Bus : 43 - 73 - 82 - PC1 - PC3 Navette Air-France vers l'Aéroport  Roissy / Orly / Beauvais... Parking à proximité
1188	C'est un appartement agréable, avec parquet ancien et moulures au plafond. Le quartier est vivant mais la rue calme, commerces à proximité. Idéal pour un couple, il peut accueillir 4 personnes.  	Bright apartment of 33m ², two rooms, served by metro, bus and Noctiliens.  Appliances: microwave, toaster, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, washing machine, tumble dryer. Hobbies: wifi, video projector, multi platinum (vinyl, usb, cds, radio)
1189	Studio de 15 m² confortable au 3ème étage avec salle de bain équipée d'une douche-WC-lavabo-. Une cuisine (2 plaque induction, frigo-congèlateur,micro-onde,four). Le salon-chambre se compose d'étagères-penderie, un canapé clic clac 2 personnes,une table, Tv, WIFI. Le studio se trouve dans un quartier idéal avec ces nombreux commerces, restaurant, boulangerie, marché, spa, parc, laverie 1 mn à pied. Ce studio est très bien situé à 7 mn à pieds du métro 2 station Ternes ou métro 3 station Pereire et du service Vélib, et est déservi par de nombreux bus. Les serviettes de bain et les draps ne sont pas fournies. 	Charmant Studio pour deux personnes dans un quartier agréable à dix minutes des Champs Elysées. Studio de 15 m² confortable au 3ème étage avec salle de bain équipée d'une douche-WC-lavabo-. Une cuisine (2 plaque induction, frigo-congèlateur,micro-onde,four). Le salon-chambre se compose d'étagères-penderie, un canapé clic clac 2 personnes,une table, Tv, WIFI. Le studio se trouve dans un quartier idéal avec ces nombreux commerces, restaurant, boulangerie, marché, spa, parc, laverie 1 mn à pied. Ce studio est très bien situé à 7 mn à pieds du métro 2 station Ternes ou métro 3 station Pereire et du service Vélib, et est déservi par de nombreux bus. Les serviettes de bain et les draps ne sont pas fournies.
1190	One bedroom apartment (46m²) on high floor (with elevator), balconies.  Very central, 6 minutes walking from the Champs-Elysées. Transportation, restaurants and shops all around.	Our authentic Parisian flat with two balconies and the Arc de Triomphe is located in a great neighbourhood, only six minutes walking from the Champs-Elysees, with transportation, restaurants, shops and markets all around. One bedroom apartment (46m²) on high floor (with elevator), balconies.  Very central, 6 minutes walking from the Champs-Elysées. Transportation, restaurants and shops all around. Living room with flat screen TV and with sofa bed 1 bedroom with double beds  1 toilet (into the bathroom)  2 Balconies  Kitchen fully equipped (fridge, electric oven, dishwasher, toaster, Lavazza coffee maker)  Free Wifi We are happy to provide our guests with suggestions on restaurants, visits or anything that they may need (baby sitter number, etc.) The flat is very central and located in a very nice area. Public transportation and shops all around.  Walk in 6 minutes to the Champs Elysées - Metro : Charles de Gaulle-Etoile Station (2 mins walk): Line 1 (yellow), Line 2 (blue), Line 6 (gre
1191	Appartement fonctionnel et convivial de 32 m2 constitué d'un salon chaleureux, petite cuisine, chambre cosy, petite salle de bain. Appartement situé au croisement :  - des Batignolles (ses restaurants branchés, ses bars de quartier, ses petits commerçants à 1 minute à pied)   - de Villiers (son parc Monceau - 8 minutes à pied - ses rues commerçantes...) Appartement refait à neuf, chambre à coucher fonctionnel avec grande armoire et rangements.	Appartement fonctionnel et convivial de 32 m2 constitué d'un salon chaleureux, petite cuisine, chambre cosy, petite salle de bain. Appartement situé au croisement :  - des Batignolles (ses restaurants branchés, ses bars de quartier, ses petits commerçants à 1 minute à pied)   - de Villiers (son parc Monceau - 8 minutes à pied - ses rues commerçantes...) Appartement refait à neuf, chambre à coucher fonctionnel avec grande armoire et rangements.
1192	Great view and good location	Beautiful flat with great view from the 7th floor. Nice bedroom full of light, living room, American kitchen, bathroom with Italian shower. Ideally located near Montmartre, le moulin rouge, l'arc de triomphe and les champs élysées, and famous places as les galeries Lafayette... Metro Rome or Villiers.
1193	This a large (70sqm, or 800sqft) and very homely flat, typically Parisian with wooden floor, fireplaces and mouldings. It offers a very spacious living room and dining room (about 30sqm), a large and fully equiped kitchen, a master bedroom with a double bed and a second bedroom with a large and very comfortable sofa bed. Shower room, with separate toilets. The flat is located on the second floor  (with lift) of an Haussmannian building, and is extremely quiet as it leads only to large courtyards, so you won't hear any traffic ! There is a concierge who lives in the building, which is very convenient in case of any emergency. It comes fully equipped with electrical oven and cooker, fridge/freezer, diswasher, kettle, toaster, washing machine. Wifi and HiFi systems ; there is even a piano, but no television I am afraid, you will just have to enjoy more of Paris instead of sitting on a sofa ! The flat is very conveniently located, about 10 min walk to the general stores (Printemps and Gale	This a large (70sqm, or 800sqft) and very homely flat, typically Parisian with wooden floor, fireplaces and mouldings. It offers a very spacious living room and dining room (about 30sqm), a large and fully equiped kitchen, a master bedroom with a double bed and a second bedroom with a large and very comfortable sofa bed. Shower room, with separate toilets. The flat is located on the second floor  (with lift) of an Haussmannian building, and is extremely quiet as it leads only to large courtyards, so you won't hear any traffic ! There is a concierge who lives in the building, which is very convenient in case of any emergency. It comes fully equipped with electrical oven and cooker, fridge/freezer, diswasher, kettle, toaster, washing machine. Wifi and HiFi systems ; there is even a piano, but no television I am afraid, you will just have to enjoy more of Paris instead of sitting on a sofa ! The flat is very conveniently located, about 10 min walk to the general stores (Printemps and Gale
1194	Live, as the French do, in this beautiful wooden-floored one-bed apartment, overlooking a quiet street. Recently refurbished, rue de Saussure offers all modern conveniences. 	"Nestled in the ""Quartier Batignolles"", minutes from Montmartre, we promise you will fall in love with this cosy apartment - it will become your home away from home!                Live, as the French do, in this beautiful wooden-floored one-bed apartment, overlooking a quiet street. Recently refurbished, rue de Saussure offers all modern conveniences.  Guests have access to the entire apartment. The only thing to note is that the apartment is on the fourth floor and like many Parisian apartment blocks, there is no lift in the building.    I mightn't be there myself to let you in but will always arrange for someone to meet and greet you on arrival and departure and answer any questions you might have. This apartment is located in a wonderful, residential area. The Rue de Lévis Marché, just seconds from the apartment, is the place to explore if you are a food lover. The narrow, pedestrian street houses a charcuterie.  It's also a short 10 minute walk to Park Monceau, which is one of the "
1195	Très agréable, notre studio de charme allie élégance et confort. Situé dans les Batignolles, l'un des quartiers les plus célèbres de Paris, à moins de cinq minutes à pieds du métro Villiers, vous serez séduits par l'environnement chaleureux et dynamique qu'offre ce cadre unique.  La rue de Lévis et son marché, les boutiques et commerces alentours (Monoprix, Franprix, etc), sans compter les nombreux bars à vins, terrasses branchées, restaurants ultra cosy... notre quartier est vivant et animé, et propice aux bonnes rencontres! Vous pourrez profiter d'une promenade dans de magnifiques parcs: le jardin des Batignolles et le parc Monceau. 	Notre studio, entièrement rénové, bénéficie d'une fantastique position pour ceux qui veulent explorer l'ouest Parisien tout en étant proche du cœur, à deux pas de l'historique et magnifique Parc Monceau et au pied du célèbre marche de la rue Levis. Très agréable, notre studio de charme allie élégance et confort. Situé dans les Batignolles, l'un des quartiers les plus célèbres de Paris, à moins de cinq minutes à pieds du métro Villiers, vous serez séduits par l'environnement chaleureux et dynamique qu'offre ce cadre unique.  La rue de Lévis et son marché, les boutiques et commerces alentours (Monoprix, Franprix, etc), sans compter les nombreux bars à vins, terrasses branchées, restaurants ultra cosy... notre quartier est vivant et animé, et propice aux bonnes rencontres! Vous pourrez profiter d'une promenade dans de magnifiques parcs: le jardin des Batignolles et le parc Monceau.  Vous aurez accès aux métros Villiers, Rome et Malsherbes, au jardin des Batignolles et au Parc Monceau, et 
1196	We have this very nice flat 3m from étoile Champs Elysées. 2 studios of 35m2 /Studio with Kitchen and Bathroom separated. You can book only one studio or 2 studios for the family. Each studio cost 100 euros per night + 30 euros for cleaning fee. They are exactly same in the same building and same floor and the can accommodate maximum 6 peoples. the flat is 3 min from the Airfrance Aeroport bus station arch of triumph. We have more than 3 subway lines, 5 bus lines and RER stations. 3 min from the Champs Elysées, Avenue Montaigne, 5 mn from La Défense business district and the Petit and / Grand Palais. One supermarket 5 mn away from the flat. and Rue Poncelet (Food market street) is only 10mn from the flat. Great restaurants and stores on Champs élysées. - Publicis - La Durée - Plaza Athénée - Hanawa - Extreme Orient there is 1 bed 160/200 and 1 sofabed 140/190. all kitchen ustencils and kitchenwaves, laundrymachine, dishewash machine, towels, linen,bedsheets, hairdryer,WIFI, TV, DVD pla	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. We have this very nice flat 3m from étoile Champs Elysées. 2 studios of 35m2 /Studio with Kitchen and Bathroom separated. You can book only one studio or 2 studios for the family. Each studio cost 100 euros per night + 30 euros for cleaning fee. They are exactly same in the same building and same floor and the can accommodate maximum 6 peoples. the flat is 3 min from the Airfrance Aeroport bus station arch of triumph. We have more than 3 subway lines, 5 bus lines and RER stations. 3 min from the Champs Elysées, Avenue Montaigne, 5 mn from La Défense business district and the Petit and / Grand Palais. One supermarket 5 mn away from the flat. and Rue Poncelet (Food market street) is only 10mn from the flat. Great restaurants and stores on Champs élysées. - Publicis - La Durée - Plaza Athénée - 
1197		Séjour avec cuisine équipée et canapé convertible, chambre avec lit double, belle salle de bain avec douche et machine à laver le linge, très calme, 100m du très vivant quartier rue de Levis, 500m métro Villiers, 600m parc Monceau.
1198	This studio is located on 3st floor in a quiet street in 17 district of Paris. Charming, newly renovated, fully equipped, it can accommodate up to 2 people on a old parisian mansion (share with 4 others flats) It includes one big room with a sofa-bed for 2 people, a fully equipped bathroom & kitchen, free & unlimited WIFI, a TV with 25 channels (french) and projector for great movies :) The price includes free & unlimited WIFI, TV (25 channels), charges, bed linens, towels, kitchen tools... At 2 minutes walk, you could find on the corner, parisian shop as cheesemonger, wineshop ... Really quiet areas !	"this fully furnished & charming studio (32m2) is the perfect location for your short or long stay. It's located at 17 district of Paris (safety and rich area) close of Big Shop Le Printemps & Les Galeries Lafayette This studio is located on 3st floor in a quiet street in 17 district of Paris. Charming, newly renovated, fully equipped, it can accommodate up to 2 people on a old parisian mansion (share with 4 others flats) It includes one big room with a sofa-bed for 2 people, a fully equipped bathroom & kitchen, free & unlimited WIFI, a TV with 25 channels (french) and projector for great movies :) The price includes free & unlimited WIFI, TV (25 channels), charges, bed linens, towels, kitchen tools... At 2 minutes walk, you could find on the corner, parisian shop as cheesemonger, wineshop ... Really quiet areas ! with the Bus (53 lines) from Big Shop (Haussmann) or Subway ""Wagram"" or ""Villiers"" Stations 5 to 10 minutes walk"
1199	"Le studio est situé au premier étage côté cour dans une ruelle calme proche du Palais des Congrès Le studio comprend : - un canapé lit 2 places convertible très simplement en tirant sur une poignée (technologie ""rapido"").  - un haut placard à tiroir avec porte manteau et autres rangements - Acces internet très haut débit par fibre optique - Téléviseur 102cm avec home cinéma, apple TV pour connecter les produits apple et une playstation 3 - Triplex 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, 1 four et lave vaisselle - Cafetière Nespresso - Réfrigérateur simple - Salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne et fenêtre pour aération - très fonctionnelle Le studio vous sera entièrement libéré. La salle de bain / WC fait bien évidemment partie du logement. Je serai présent pour vous accueillir et faire l'état des lieux. Il en sera de même lors de votre départ pour éviter tout mal entendu. Le quartier est calme et bien fréquenté. Vous aurez des commerces à moins de 2mn à pied (carrefour market, épicerie, pressing"	"Studio de 15m2 sur cour, refait à neuf situé à Porte Maillot, 10mn de l'Arc de Triomphe / Champs Elysées. Proche métro/RER (300mètres), station vélib, navette Air France aéroport Charles de Gaulle (100mètres) et aéroport de Beauvais (200mètres) Le studio est situé au premier étage côté cour dans une ruelle calme proche du Palais des Congrès Le studio comprend : - un canapé lit 2 places convertible très simplement en tirant sur une poignée (technologie ""rapido"").  - un haut placard à tiroir avec porte manteau et autres rangements - Acces internet très haut débit par fibre optique - Téléviseur 102cm avec home cinéma, apple TV pour connecter les produits apple et une playstation 3 - Triplex 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, 1 four et lave vaisselle - Cafetière Nespresso - Réfrigérateur simple - Salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne et fenêtre pour aération - très fonctionnelle Le studio vous sera entièrement libéré. La salle de bain / WC fait bien évidemment partie du logement. Je serai présen"
