30900	L'appartement est spacieux, cosy et très éclairé. Il est très calme car il donne sur une impasse. Il est sécurisé (interphone et digicode). Il est surtout au pied du métro.	Beau deux pièces très lumineux de 45 mètres carrés situé entre Gare du Nord et Montmartre. Très lumineux, belle vue dégagée. Confortable, tout équipé parfait pour un couple découvrant Paris !  A 30 secondes à pied du métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12). L'appartement est spacieux, cosy et très éclairé. Il est très calme car il donne sur une impasse. Il est sécurisé (interphone et digicode). Il est surtout au pied du métro. Tout l'appartement et WIFI très rapide Nous sommes plusieurs amis à vivre dans le quartier, il y aura toujours quelqu'un de disponible pour vous donner des conseils et de l'aide si besoin. Le quartier est jeune et hipster. Il est très cosmopolite mais pas dangereux (je suis une fille et n'ai jamais eu le moindre problème). Vous trouverez de très nombreux commerces pas très chers à deux pas, des restaurants asiatiques incroyables, et un bon restaurant Français L'Olive, pleins de petits bars branchés (Ground Control, les Petites Gouttes, En Vrac excellent bar à vin) et surtou
30901	Celui ci donne sur une cour, rendant le lieu calme et agréable à vivre. Situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseurs, l’appartement est assez lumineux car dispose de 2 grandes fenêtres. Son emplacement est idéal car il est proche des principales lignes de métro, ce qui  vous permettra de visiter la capitale tout en étant logé au calme. 	Appartement 1 pièce de 25m², tout équipé, typiquement parisien avec des moulures au plafond. meublé situé dans le cœur du 18ème arrondissement. Celui ci donne sur une cour, rendant le lieu calme et agréable à vivre. Situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseurs, l’appartement est assez lumineux car dispose de 2 grandes fenêtres. Son emplacement est idéal car il est proche des principales lignes de métro, ce qui  vous permettra de visiter la capitale tout en étant logé au calme. Ustlensiles de cuisine à disposition, four, lave linge, table 4 chaises, canapé, lit double, table de chevet, salle de bain à l’italienne. Capacité de 2 personnes pour le couchage, je vous fournis les draps et les serviettes. Peut être utilisé pour 3 (un lit de camp peut être installé à proximité du canapé)  Situé à 50m de Château Rouge et à 3min à pied de Barbès, il est proche de toute commodité (métro L4 au pied de l’immeuble, métro L2 à 3min à pied, proche gare du Nord et gare de l’Est pour les lignes 5/7/RER B&D,).
30902	Appartement de trois pièces séparées (Salon -avec un clic clac-, chambre, cuisine) ainsi qu'une salle de bain avec une petite baignoire.	"Appartement d'artiste avec un univers original. Il se situe au 4 étage et possède une double expositions. Il est très lumineux et dispose d'une grande cuisine pour les amoureux des petits plats. 15 min de Montmartre à pied et  7 min de gare du Nord. Appartement de trois pièces séparées (Salon -avec un clic clac-, chambre, cuisine) ainsi qu'une salle de bain avec une petite baignoire. Simple d’accès, l'appartement se situe à 7 minutes à pied de Gare du Nord. Je répondrais au mieux à vos questions concernant le quartier où sur Paris. Je serais présent  (ou un amis) si le moindre problème dans l'appartement se présentait. La goûte d'or est un quartier vivant et populaire en pleine mutation. De nombreuses activités culturelles s'y développent. L'appartement se situe à 5 minutes à pieds de la station de métro ""La Chapelle"" (ligne 2) ou ""Chateau rouge"" (Ligne 4). À 7 minutes à pieds de la station de métro ""Marx Dormoy"" (ligne 12) et de Gare du Nord (métro ligne, 2, 4, 5, RER B, D, H, Transil"
30903	DESCRIPTION : First-in-class Haussmanian two-room apartment at the foot of Montmartre is available for short-term rent. This 28m2 sixth floor flat, accessible with the elevator, is made up of a luminous salon and a master-bedroom. The comfortable salon comes ready to welcome guest with a dinner table, fold-out couch (sleeps 1 adult or 2 children) and a fully-equiped open kitchen including an oven, fridge, burners, cofee machine, water boiler, etc.  Exposed south, the salon's window opens up to a small balcony to observe the Parisian rooftops and enjoy a sunny meal as there are two chairs and a small table. The master-bedroom, on the opposite side, offers a full-size bed from which you can admire the Sacré Coeur, a flat-screen TV with international chanels, and a lit closet. The bedroom window also opens to a small balcony offering a unique view on the hill of Montmartre. The full-bathroom offers a comfortable shower, designer sink and toilet. Other ammenities include high speed interne	DESCRIPTION : First-in-class Haussmanian two-room apartment at the foot of Montmartre is available for short-term rent. This 28m2 sixth floor flat, accessible with the elevator, is made up of a luminous salon and a master-bedroom. The comfortable salon comes ready to welcome guest with a dinner table, fold-out couch (sleeps 1 adult or 2 children) and a fully-equiped open kitchen including an oven, fridge, burners, cofee machine, water boiler, etc.  Exposed south, the salon's window opens up to a small balcony to observe the Parisian rooftops and enjoy a sunny meal as there are two chairs and a small table. The master-bedroom, on the opposite side, offers a full-size bed from which you can admire the Sacré Coeur, a flat-screen TV with international chanels, and a lit closet. The bedroom window also opens to a small balcony offering a unique view on the hill of Montmartre. The full-bathroom offers a comfortable shower, designer sink and toilet. Other ammenities include high speed interne
30904	"charming appartment in Montmartre area.  You would feel perfectly well to enjoy Paris and one of the most lively places here! Very quiet and luminous, it's also  a perfect place to work or have some rest :) in the 18th arrondissement, you will meet very mixed populations : hipsters, african communities, artists and,of course, the ""average"" parisian people too! Lot of bars,coffees and restaurants, charming little streets, and all commodities for everyday life : groceries,supermarkets,  Metro station Chateau-rouge (line 4 ) right downstairs .  15 min métro from Châtelet-les Halles, le Marias  (center Paris ) and 10 min walking  distance from other trendy areas ( Abbesses, Batignolles, Canal St Martin...)  This is a nice artist place ( for musicians you can use the piano and guitars ) , wooden floor, with a separate double bedroom, kitchen and bathroom ( shower ) and a living-room  everything you need to cook, washing-machine, wi-fi Much cheaper and better than an hotel room ! Sheets and "	"charming appartment in Montmartre area.  You would feel perfectly well to enjoy Paris and one of the most lively places here! Very quiet and luminous, it's also  a perfect place to work or have some rest :) in the 18th arrondissement, you will meet very mixed populations : hipsters, african communities, artists and,of course, the ""average"" parisian people too! Lot of bars,coffees and restaurants, charming little streets, and all commodities for everyday life : groceries,supermarkets,  Metro station Chateau-rouge (line 4 ) right downstairs .  15 min métro from Châtelet-les Halles, le Marias  (center Paris ) and 10 min walking  distance from other trendy areas ( Abbesses, Batignolles, Canal St Martin...)  This is a nice artist place ( for musicians you can use the piano and guitars ) , wooden floor, with a separate double bedroom, kitchen and bathroom ( shower ) and a living-room  everything you need to cook, washing-machine, wi-fi Much cheaper and better than an hotel room ! Sheets and "
30905	"Experience Montmartre, a pretty little village in the heart of Paris… Do you dream of staying in Paris in a little corner of paradise with a village atmosphere, while being at the heart of tourist excitement? This is the perfect location for having an entertaining stay in one of the most vibrant and cool area of Paris and enjoying a truly Parisian experience as a happy ""Montmartrois"". My apartment is a peaceful haven nestled at the foot of the hill of Montmartre and a small square where the locals sit comfortably on the terrace sipping coffee! Climb the few steps and find you projected in front of the majestic Basilica of the Sacred Heart!  My apartment, located on the third floor without elevator of a building typical Montmartre, has just been completely renovated and equipped. Ideal for a couple, it can receive up to 3 people. Atypical charm will not leave you indifferent.  The Kitchen: open the show, she is fully equipped with cooker, Fridge freezer, Coffee machine Dolce Gusto from "	"Experience Montmartre, a pretty little village in the heart of Paris… Do you dream of staying in Paris in a little corner of paradise with a village atmosphere, while being at the heart of tourist excitement? This is the perfect location for having an entertaining stay in one of the most vibrant and cool area of Paris and enjoying a truly Parisian experience as a happy ""Montmartrois"". My apartment is a peaceful haven nestled at the foot of the hill of Montmartre and a small square where the locals sit comfortably on the terrace sipping coffee! Climb the few steps and find you projected in front of the majestic Basilica of the Sacred Heart!  My apartment, located on the third floor without elevator of a building typical Montmartre, has just been completely renovated and equipped. Ideal for a couple, it can receive up to 3 people. Atypical charm will not leave you indifferent.  The Kitchen: open the show, she is fully equipped with cooker, Fridge freezer, Coffee machine Dolce Gusto from "
30906	This artsy residential neighborhood situated at the top of a hill overlooking Paris has a small village feel. The view across Paris from the Sacre Coeur church is breathtaking and the nearby Place de Tertre is a popular tourist destination. The area has long been a magnet for artists and anyone seeking budget accommodation or cheap eats, and it’s still a great place for budget travelers to focus on today (though it’s decidedly more expensive than it used to be). Montmartre enjoyed a surge in popularity following the success of the film “Amelie,” which is set in this famous district, but visitors will still find a steady stream of locals and tourists alike in the neighborhood Live an exceptionnal experience by staying nearby the famous Moulin Rouge cabaret. This tastefully decorated 80 square meters apartment composed of 1 bedroom apartment is located in the Moulin rouge cabaret building. From the living room you can admire the lightly mill, just 10 meters away from the windows, totally	This artsy residential neighborhood situated at the top of a hill overlooking Paris has a small village feel. The view across Paris from the Sacre Coeur church is breathtaking and the nearby Place de Tertre is a popular tourist destination. The area has long been a magnet for artists and anyone seeking budget accommodation or cheap eats, and it’s still a great place for budget travelers to focus on today (though it’s decidedly more expensive than it used to be). Montmartre enjoyed a surge in popularity following the success of the film “Amelie,” which is set in this famous district, but visitors will still find a steady stream of locals and tourists alike in the neighborhood Live an exceptionnal experience by staying nearby the famous Moulin Rouge cabaret. This tastefully decorated 80 square meters apartment composed of 1 bedroom apartment is located in the Moulin rouge cabaret building. From the living room you can admire the lightly mill, just 10 meters away from the windows, totally
30907	This apartment is just where you want to be for your summer trip in Paris. Not only does it have a unique view on the Sacré Cœur, but you will also be staying within walking distance of the City’s best : the cultural heritage and the modern parisian way of life. Head west up the Monmartre stairs to reach the typical Place du Tertre, an area which was the craddle of some of the most prominent artists of the XXth century (Picasso, Van Gogh, Satie, Berlioz, Utrillo…), and has retained over the years its unique village atmosphere. Head east and dive into the hype. Rue de Clignancourt will take you straight to Sopi (South of Pigalle), an area packed with some of the coolest bars and clubs in Paris, while Rue Ramey features some of the best Wine and Cheese shops in town. The appartment is 54m². It is sunny all day thanks to its double east and west exposure. It has one bedroom  and a big living room. Both have large windows with a view over the Sacré Coeur. The appartment includes a bathroom	This apartment is just where you want to be for your summer trip in Paris. Not only does it have a unique view on the Sacré Cœur, but you will also be staying within walking distance of the City’s best : the cultural heritage and the modern parisian way of life. Head west up the Monmartre stairs to reach the typical Place du Tertre, an area which was the craddle of some of the most prominent artists of the XXth century (Picasso, Van Gogh, Satie, Berlioz, Utrillo…), and has retained over the years its unique village atmosphere. Head east and dive into the hype. Rue de Clignancourt will take you straight to Sopi (South of Pigalle), an area packed with some of the coolest bars and clubs in Paris, while Rue Ramey features some of the best Wine and Cheese shops in town. The appartment is 54m². It is sunny all day thanks to its double east and west exposure. It has one bedroom  and a big living room. Both have large windows with a view over the Sacré Coeur. The appartment includes a bathroom
30908	21 square meters 	My beautiful flat is located in the heart of Montmartre! The place is very quiet. No tv, no internet, enjoy the neighborhood and Paris! 21 square meters  First day and last day for keys  telephone call before any rent Montmartres, Abbesses, Pigalle, Restaurants, Bars etc. Metro line 12 stop Abbesses
30909	Nice duplex apartment from 1930's. Bright. Design from 50's and contemporary. 51m2, high ceilings (6 meters) and small private garden in a quiet courtyard (no cars). 15 minutes from Montmartre, near the metro station Jules Joffrin (line 12), Lamack Caulaincourt (line 12) and Guy Moquet (Line 13). The living room and kitchen are one big open space of 33m2 with a large canopy (4mx4m) on one side of the apartment. There is a desk, wi-fi, dining table, oven, fridge with freezer, a washing machine. Sorry but there is no TV... The room, about 15m2, is upstairs and has a double bed (140x200). Shower and a toilet in the bathroom. Sheets and hand towels are supplied. 	Beautiful duplex apartment of 51m2 from the 30's , very high ceilings (5 meters) and a small private garden in a quiet courtyard. Bright. 15 minutes from Montmartre (by foot) , near the metro station Jules Joffrin - Lamarck Caulaincourt - Guy Moquet Nice duplex apartment from 1930's. Bright. Design from 50's and contemporary. 51m2, high ceilings (6 meters) and small private garden in a quiet courtyard (no cars). 15 minutes from Montmartre, near the metro station Jules Joffrin (line 12), Lamack Caulaincourt (line 12) and Guy Moquet (Line 13). The living room and kitchen are one big open space of 33m2 with a large canopy (4mx4m) on one side of the apartment. There is a desk, wi-fi, dining table, oven, fridge with freezer, a washing machine. Sorry but there is no TV... The room, about 15m2, is upstairs and has a double bed (140x200). Shower and a toilet in the bathroom. Sheets and hand towels are supplied. All the flat. Metro station : Jules Joffrin (line 12) - Lamarck Caulaincourt (Line 
30910	Situé dans le 18ème à 4 stations de Montmartre, cet adorable studio très bien agencé est idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule (le canapé lit offre toutefois 2 couchages supplémentaires) Haut perché dans un immeuble récent et sécurisé (24h/24), il est très ensoleillé et offre une vue imprenable sur l'Est parisien. Balcon, four, four micro-onde, salle d'eau avec baignoire. 	Situé dans le 18ème à 4 stations de Montmartre, cet adorable studio très bien agencé est idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule (le canapé lit offre toutefois 2 couchages supplémentaires) Haut perché dans un immeuble récent et sécurisé (24h/24), il est très ensoleillé et offre une vue imprenable sur l'Est parisien. Balcon, four, four micro-onde, salle d'eau avec baignoire. Accès aux équipements électroménagers du studio. Machine à laver. Métro : Ligne 12, arrêt Marx Dormoy Bus : -Ligne 35, arrêt Place Hébert          -Ligne 60, arrêt Place Hébert 
30911	The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, cleaning on departure) The apartment is very well located, you have two subway stations nearby, you access to all the monuments of Paris with easy access and very rapidements because the two subway stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'est, Gare du Nord, Gare Saint-Lazare) You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc .... Montmarte is a 10 minute walk. For your stay in Paris at least 2 days to several months, I rent a studio 15m2 fully equipped and renovated.  The 3rd floor, this studio can accommodate 2 people.  The apartment is located on the street. It is furnished with a sofa bed for 2 persons, a dining table for two with two chairs, a flat screen TV, an Internet connection via WiFi and ADSL. A kitchenette with 2 electric rings, fridge, freezer and all necess	L'appartement est très bien situé, vous avez deux stations de métro (Simplon et Jules Joffrin) à proximité,  vous accédez à tous les monuments de paris avec facilités d'accès et très rapidements car les deux stations de métros à proximité. The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, cleaning on departure) The apartment is very well located, you have two subway stations nearby, you access to all the monuments of Paris with easy access and very rapidements because the two subway stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'est, Gare du Nord, Gare Saint-Lazare) You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc .... Montmarte is a 10 minute walk. For your stay in Paris at least 2 days to several months, I rent a studio 15m2 fully equipped and renovated.  The 3rd floor, this studio can accommodate 2 people.  The apartment 
30912	L'appartement comprends 1 chambre avec lit double, une salle de bain, un salon avec 2 canapés, un énorme pouf (fatboy), une cuisine équipée. The flat include one bedroom with a double bed, one bathroom with a bathtube, one living room with 2 sofa and a big footstool, one fully equipped kitchen	Appartement très lumineux  de 45m2 face à un jardin/bois. Proche de tous transports vous pourrez vous déplacer très rapidement dans Paris tout en retrouvant la tranquillité et le calme dans cet appartement tout confort. L'appartement comprends 1 chambre avec lit double, une salle de bain, un salon avec 2 canapés, un énorme pouf (fatboy), une cuisine équipée. The flat include one bedroom with a double bed, one bathroom with a bathtube, one living room with 2 sofa and a big footstool, one fully equipped kitchen la cuisine est entièrement équipée : cuisinière gaz 5 feux, four électrique, grille pain, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle... 1 salle d'eau complète : baignoire, lavabo,... WC séparé Nous vous fournissons la literie accès wifi gratuit, TV, Ampli pour brancher les mp3 merci de ne pas fumer dans l'appartement et de ne pas ramener d'animaux The kitchen is fully equipped with : a stove with 5 fire (gas), an electric oven, a toaster, a fridge, a dishwascher, ... Wifi, TV No smoking inside
30913	Immeuble neuf et sécurisé avec local vélos. La chambre comprend un lit double (draps et serviettes fournis), un placard avec penderie, une table de nuit et un bureau.  Tout est à disposition dans l'appartement. Cuisine équipée comprenant plaque induction, four combiné micro-onde, réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave-vaisselle, cafetière Nespresso, grille-pain, bouilloire.  Sdb avec une baignoire, un plan vasque, rangements, machine à laver le linge, sèche-cheveux, planche et fer à repasser.  WC indépendant de la sdb, Chaîne Hifi avec dock Ipod, TV HD, internet wifi. L’appartement dispose également d’un balcon donnant sur la chambre et d’une loggia dans le séjour.  L’appartement est localisé à côté du métro Marx Dormoy (Ligne 12), dans le 18e arrondissement, près de Montmartre à 15 minutes à pied de la gare du Nord (RER B accès CDG aéroport) et à 10 min du métro la chapelle (ligne 2). Il est situé à côté du marché de l’Olive, à 10 min à pied du parc du Eole, du centre d’art le « 104 », de la	Appartement moderne, cosy et lumineux de 70m2 au 4ème avec ascenseur. A 15min à pied de la Gare du Nord et 20min de la Gare de l'Est, il est situé prés du marché de l’Olive et du centre d'art Le 104. Chambre, sdb, salon-cuisine, balcons, parking. Immeuble neuf et sécurisé avec local vélos. La chambre comprend un lit double (draps et serviettes fournis), un placard avec penderie, une table de nuit et un bureau.  Tout est à disposition dans l'appartement. Cuisine équipée comprenant plaque induction, four combiné micro-onde, réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave-vaisselle, cafetière Nespresso, grille-pain, bouilloire.  Sdb avec une baignoire, un plan vasque, rangements, machine à laver le linge, sèche-cheveux, planche et fer à repasser.  WC indépendant de la sdb, Chaîne Hifi avec dock Ipod, TV HD, internet wifi. L’appartement dispose également d’un balcon donnant sur la chambre et d’une loggia dans le séjour.  L’appartement est localisé à côté du métro Marx Dormoy (Ligne 12), dans le 18e arrond
30914	Appartement  de 40 métres carrés spacieux et lumineux  situé dans le 18ème, métro Chateau rouge dans résidence standing. Cuisine à l'américaine neuve :  four, plaques vitrocéramiques , hotte, frigo, cafetière, vaisselle, ustensiles. Salon : canapé, table basse, tapis, table à manger avec 4 chaises, télevison cablé , internet Chambre : lit 2 personnes, table de chevet, grande armoire, linge de lit. Salle de bains : baignoire, lavabo avec meuble, machine à laver, radiateur sèche-serviettes; wc séparés, serviettes de toilettes, sèche-cheveux. Cette appartement a été refait à neuf, équipement et mobilier neuf, situé dans le 18ème dans une résidence standing avec digicode, couple de gardiens,  L'appartement est à 10 minutes à pieds du sacré coeur, moulin rouge et de montmartre, marché St Jean tous les jours ainsi que nombreux commerces. Métro à 2 minutes, bus , proche du périphérique et de l'accès autoroute, proche de la gare du nord (RER) 	           spacieux et lumineux appartement de 2 pièces douillet et confortable dans résidence standing avec couple de gardiens. Quartier vivant et animé à quelque minutes à pieds du sacré coeur. Marché et station de métro à 2min .    Appartement  de 40 métres carrés spacieux et lumineux  situé dans le 18ème, métro Chateau rouge dans résidence standing. Cuisine à l'américaine neuve :  four, plaques vitrocéramiques , hotte, frigo, cafetière, vaisselle, ustensiles. Salon : canapé, table basse, tapis, table à manger avec 4 chaises, télevison cablé , internet Chambre : lit 2 personnes, table de chevet, grande armoire, linge de lit. Salle de bains : baignoire, lavabo avec meuble, machine à laver, radiateur sèche-serviettes; wc séparés, serviettes de toilettes, sèche-cheveux. Cette appartement a été refait à neuf, équipement et mobilier neuf, situé dans le 18ème dans une résidence standing avec digicode, couple de gardiens,  L'appartement est à 10 minutes à pieds du sacré coeur, moulin rouge
30915	Equipement: Wifi privé Welcome to Paris!  Beautiful apartment in Paris located 5 minutes from the metro line 4 and line 2.  Beautiful balcony view of the Sacre Coeur 1 large bedroom with double bed, storage space and balcony. Free acces to the living room,  kitchen and bathroom of course.    You can use what you want in the appartment : Coffé, thea, kitchen ustensils .. Clean bath towel and bed sheet are provides. Private free wifi. public bike station near of the apartment. I will give informations of Paris and goods restaurants in the neighborhood. As well i will be available on my phone anytime to any advise ! Trade area, popular and lively.  5 minutes from Sacred Coeur and Montmartre, 15 minutes from the Louvre  RER B from CDG airport and Orly : GARE DU NORD station	Welcome in Paris ! Good appartment in Paris, at 10 minutes by feet to Montmartre. View of Sacré Coeur from the balcony. Near from 3 metro stations that drive you to everywhere in Paris. 1 big room with double bed and balcony Vacancy for 2 peoples. Equipement: Wifi privé Welcome to Paris!  Beautiful apartment in Paris located 5 minutes from the metro line 4 and line 2.  Beautiful balcony view of the Sacre Coeur 1 large bedroom with double bed, storage space and balcony. Free acces to the living room,  kitchen and bathroom of course.    You can use what you want in the appartment : Coffé, thea, kitchen ustensils .. Clean bath towel and bed sheet are provides. Private free wifi. public bike station near of the apartment. I will give informations of Paris and goods restaurants in the neighborhood. As well i will be available on my phone anytime to any advise ! Trade area, popular and lively.  5 minutes from Sacred Coeur and Montmartre, 15 minutes from the Louvre  RER B from CDG airport and
30916	il s'agit d'un T2 de 32 m2- La cuisine est équipée (frigo, plaques de cuisson, four et micro ondes)- wifi, chauffage, lave-linge. Par ailleurs je serais ravi de vous conseiller et de vous orienter pour vos visites. Je connais très bien le quartier notamment quelques bonnes adresses pour dîner!!	Idéal pour visiter Paris, appartement  à louer pour 2 personnes dans un quartier accessible aussi bien en métro, en bus qu'en vélo. A 2 pas du Sacré Coeur dans un appartement au 2ème étage d'un immeuble montmartrois- il s'agit d'un T2 de 32 m2- La cuisine est équipée (frigo, plaques de cuisson, four et micro ondes)- wifi, chauffage, lave-linge. Par ailleurs je serais ravi de vous conseiller et de vous orienter pour vos visites. Je connais très bien le quartier notamment quelques bonnes adresses pour dîner!! nombreux restaurants et commerces à moins de 200 m dont certains que je pourrais vous conseiller! Le quartier possède de nombreux petits commerces et bars et bénéficie d'une vraie vie de quartier.   ligne 12:métro jules joffrin ligne 4:métro porte de clignancourt bus 80:mairie du 18e bus 31: ordener le ruisseau bus 95: damrémont /ordener nombreux restaurants et commerces à moins de 200 m dont certains que je pourrais vous conseiller! Le quartier possède de nombreux petits commerces 
30917	L'appartement est très lumineux est spacieux. La chambre, située en bout de couloir, vous permettra de bénéficier de toute l'intimité dont vous aurez besoin pour vous reposer au calme. Tout équipé, vous aurez le loisir de pouvoir vous faire à manger ou faire une lessivez votre guise.	Chambre meublée, lumineuse et spacieuse à louer aux pieds de Montmartre dans un appartement de 60m2 entièrement équipé. L'appartement est très lumineux est spacieux. La chambre, située en bout de couloir, vous permettra de bénéficier de toute l'intimité dont vous aurez besoin pour vous reposer au calme. Tout équipé, vous aurez le loisir de pouvoir vous faire à manger ou faire une lessivez votre guise. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout ce qui constitue les parties communes, à savoir le salon, la salle de bain, la cuisine et bien entendu la chambre privée. Les équipements  de cuisine seront en libre service. Je reste à la disposition des voyageurs pour tous renseignements sur les alentours et la vie de quartier, les restaurants et endroits sympas où se balader.  Je propose également sur demande exceptionnelle le repas ou célèbre brunch du dimanche contre un supplément. Aux pieds de la célèbre butte Montmartre, dans le quartier des Abbesses, près du Sacré Cœur et de Pigalle, l'appartement
30918	10 minutes walk from Montmartre, 3 minutes from metro lines 4 (Chateau Rouge), 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers) and 2 (Barbès-Rochechouart), our appartment is located in a lively neighbourhood, with a bakery on the other side of the road, a theatre (Lavoir Moderne) next to it, and a bar next door that could serve you an apéritif, to enjoy in the small courtyard of the building... an ideal starting point for a stay in Paris, 10 minutes by metro of the Gare du Nord station.  The flat is on the second floor of a small, typically Parisian building. The fully equipped kitchen (with washing machine), bathroom and living room have everything you need for a comfortable stay in town. The beautifully decorated bathroom gives an oriental touch to the typically Parisian living room.  We're happy to host you and to give advice on places to visit in Paris, nice bars, restaurants.... Towles, soap, coffee, tea, sugar etc Are at your disposition. 	10 minutes walk from Montmartre, 3 minutes from metro lines 4 (Chateau Rouge), 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers) and 2 (Barbès-Rochechouart), our appartment is located in a lively neighbourhood, with a bakery on the other side of the road, a theatre (Lavoir Moderne) next to it, and a bar next door that could serve you an apéritif, to enjoy in the small courtyard of the building... an ideal starting point for a stay in Paris, 10 minutes by metro of the Gare du Nord station.  The flat is on the second floor of a small, typically Parisian building. The fully equipped kitchen (with washing machine), bathroom and living room have everything you need for a comfortable stay in town. The beautifully decorated bathroom gives an oriental touch to the typically Parisian living room.  We're happy to host you and to give advice on places to visit in Paris, nice bars, restaurants.... Towles, soap, coffee, tea, sugar etc Are at your disposition. 
30919	Mignon appartement T2 (avec cuisine et salle de bains séparées), très clair et lumineux dans un immeuble calme et sécurisé avec petite cour verdoyante, récemment refait à neuf et meublé avec du goût (on espère que vous partagerez cet avis !).  Pretty, light one-bedroom apartment (with separate kitchen and bathroom), in a quiet, secure building overlooking a leafy courtyard, recently renovated and tastefully furnished (we hope that you will agree!).	Mignon appartement T2 (avec cuisine et salle de bains séparées), très clair et lumineux dans un immeuble calme et sécurisé avec petite cour verdoyante, récemment refait à neuf et meublé avec du goût (on espère que vous partagerez cet avis !).  Pretty, light one-bedroom apartment (with separate kitchen and bathroom), in a quiet, secure building overlooking a leafy courtyard, recently renovated and tastefully furnished (we hope that you will agree!). Il y a une chambre avec lit matrimonial, plus un vrai canapé-lit deux places dans le salon. Cuisine (plaques éléctriques, frigo, petite table) et salle de bains (douche, WC), table à manger dans le salon. Chauffage très efficace, vous n'avez qu'à tourner les robinets légèrement pour en profiter ! Wifi (box SFR), code sur demande. En plus, il y a un supermarché, une boulangerie et une laverie juste en bas. There is a double bed in the bedroom plus a double sofa-bed in the living room. It also boasts a kitchen (electric cooker, fridge-freezer,
30920	hello, studio with bathroom (bath etc) and kitchenette ( hob , microwave dishes , refrigerator etc. ) a large bay window with double glazing (although the area is very quiet ) double bed ( two personnes ) and a clic-clac (2 persons) plenty of storage space (wardrobe , drawers etc. ) internet connection at high speed sheets, towels, hair dryer provided washing machine and dryer available Iron available near the line of 2-4-5 Metro and RER B and D RER B takes you directly to Roissy and Orly Gare du Nord minutes takes you directly Eurostar and Thalys (London , Brussels and Amsderdam ... ) . Within a radius of 50 meters : Many restaurants ( French , Indian , Pakistani , Arabic, Chinese ... ) Many supermarkets ( DIA , Franprix , Monoprix .. ) and some shops open until 5A.M. A few minutes walk from the Sacré -Coeur , the Moulin Rouge, Buttes Chaumont , canal saint martin and many theaters . subways, buses ( 65,48 , etc. ) RER (B and D ) allow you quick access to all points of interest such a	studio for two untill four people hello, studio with bathroom (bath etc) and kitchenette ( hob , microwave dishes , refrigerator etc. ) a large bay window with double glazing (although the area is very quiet ) double bed ( two personnes ) and a clic-clac (2 persons) plenty of storage space (wardrobe , drawers etc. ) internet connection at high speed sheets, towels, hair dryer provided washing machine and dryer available Iron available near the line of 2-4-5 Metro and RER B and D RER B takes you directly to Roissy and Orly Gare du Nord minutes takes you directly Eurostar and Thalys (London , Brussels and Amsderdam ... ) . Within a radius of 50 meters : Many restaurants ( French , Indian , Pakistani , Arabic, Chinese ... ) Many supermarkets ( DIA , Franprix , Monoprix .. ) and some shops open until 5A.M. A few minutes walk from the Sacré -Coeur , the Moulin Rouge, Buttes Chaumont , canal saint martin and many theaters . subways, buses ( 65,48 , etc. ) RER (B and D ) allow you quick acces
30921		Paris Montmartre Sacre Coeur on the typical touristic district all shoppings, restaurants,cafes,spectacles like the famous 'Moulin Rouge''around;Very quiet nice all furnished studio,2nd floor,shower,kitchen,washing machine,Queen size bed!Enjoy!
30922	chambre de 24 m²  Veritable chambre comprenant une grande pièce principale 19m² et une salle de bain 4m²  la pièce principale de 19 m² comprend  a) un veritable lit de 140 x190  b) une table et 2 chaises  c) un canapé clic clac (pouvant acceuillir confortablement deux personnes supplémentaire)  d) penderie et commode pas de veritable cuisine mais: a) refrigérateur, four micro-onde, bouilloire , grille pain etc.  b) quelques élements de cuisine: micro-onde, réfrigérateur, bouilloir, grille pain,quelques assiettes la salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire-douche, lavabo, toilettes et meubles une grande baie vitrée avec double vitrage (même si le quartier muticulturel est calme et sûr) WIFI  télévision ecran plat par câble   sèche cheveux draps, couettes oreillers sont bien sûr fournis  sortie de bain serviettes de bain et de toilette fournis, lave linge et sèche linge à disposition près de la ligne de métro 2 à 150mètres et -4-5 et RER (Réseau Express Régional) B et D  3 points velib 	chambre indépendante 24m² , près gare du nord et montmartre. salle de bain complète, vrai lit, et canapé convertible, micro-onde, refrigerateur, etc. WIFI chambre de 24 m²  Veritable chambre comprenant une grande pièce principale 19m² et une salle de bain 4m²  la pièce principale de 19 m² comprend  a) un veritable lit de 140 x190  b) une table et 2 chaises  c) un canapé clic clac (pouvant acceuillir confortablement deux personnes supplémentaire)  d) penderie et commode pas de veritable cuisine mais: a) refrigérateur, four micro-onde, bouilloire , grille pain etc.  b) quelques élements de cuisine: micro-onde, réfrigérateur, bouilloir, grille pain,quelques assiettes la salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire-douche, lavabo, toilettes et meubles une grande baie vitrée avec double vitrage (même si le quartier muticulturel est calme et sûr) WIFI  télévision ecran plat par câble   sèche cheveux draps, couettes oreillers sont bien sûr fournis  sortie de bain serviettes de bain et de toilett
30923		Nice flat in a typical haussmanien Paris building at 6th floor, lightfull, enough space to welcome 4 people when the flat is totally free & romantic  for a couple. At 10min by metro from center, 5min feet from Montmartre.we also welcome people (2max) for 1/2 nights at low cost. 5min feet from Montmartre. Every nice little shop in the street & metro min feet. We would be pleased spending time With you showing around. If you leave the flat because of travelling unfortunately we won't be able, however if we share our place we will spend time with you to explain you place to go here :) Everything around, all shops (food)... You'll feel safe and in calm. Métro Lamarck Caulaincourt, then 5min by feet from the metro. Going down the street Lamarck then turn left in damrémont street. Most of the time we offer rent of living room place for travellers as we're leaving in the flat but sometimes for weekend or holidays the flat is entirely free. So we can welcome people that don't care sleeping in 
30924	This 21 m 2 studio is located at 10 Rue Pierre Picard, on the 4th floor of a building in 1930, with a nice lift. It has been completly renovated for the comfort of the occupants. The main room overlooks an interior courtyard and is very bright. It is equipped with a sofa very comfortable bed (folding) (200x140cm), equipment TV (fiber) with international channels and free Wi-Fi very fast. The kitchen is well equipped (plates to induction, fridge-freezer, microwave, Toaster, coffee maker, etc.). It is separated from the living room by a bar table. The bathroom is equipped with a washbasin and mirror, a spacious shower, washing machine, electric towel heater and hairdryer. The toilets are separated from the bathroom, making it even more comfortable studio. The entrance to the building is secured (code and doorman and video surveillance).  Sheets, blankets, towels, bath towels and kitchen utensils are provided. Cleaning costs are included in the price (laundry and full end of stay cleaning	You are at home, the street and the building is quiet and yet the shops are nearby, subways and buses are three minutes. Few meters higher, you are already at the foot of the Sacré-Coeur. Here, Paris is a village! This 21 m 2 studio is located at 10 Rue Pierre Picard, on the 4th floor of a building in 1930, with a nice lift. It has been completly renovated for the comfort of the occupants. The main room overlooks an interior courtyard and is very bright. It is equipped with a sofa very comfortable bed (folding) (200x140cm), equipment TV (fiber) with international channels and free Wi-Fi very fast. The kitchen is well equipped (plates to induction, fridge-freezer, microwave, Toaster, coffee maker, etc.). It is separated from the living room by a bar table. The bathroom is equipped with a washbasin and mirror, a spacious shower, washing machine, electric towel heater and hairdryer. The toilets are separated from the bathroom, making it even more comfortable studio. The entrance to the bu
30925	In the middle of Montmartre a quiet and lovely studio flat really near from the Sacré Coeur and all Montmartre wonders. Perfect for 2 persons, this beautiful and well equipied studio flat will bring you all the confort you need during your stay in Paris, We can meet at any time in the neighborhood in case you need it because i live really near from this flat. 	Right in the middle of Montmartre, a lovely and really quiete studio flat near all touristic areas and only 5 mins by foot from the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. Only 3 mins from the metro station Abbesses and Blanche.  In the middle of Montmartre a quiet and lovely studio flat really near from the Sacré Coeur and all Montmartre wonders. Perfect for 2 persons, this beautiful and well equipied studio flat will bring you all the confort you need during your stay in Paris, We can meet at any time in the neighborhood in case you need it because i live really near from this flat. The studio is accessible only to the guests during the tme of their stay. The studio is in any case not shared with other guests. If necessary or needed, i can meet with the guests at any time cause i live really near. All you need to do is contact me per phone and i will come. When you visit Paris, you can not miss Montmartre. It is most certainly the loveliest neighborhood of Paris and the most visited area o
30926	The appartment is full of heat and it has a beautiful view on Montmartre and its life. The private room with a double bed is spacious, bright and clear with a very big window overlooking on a charming street of Montmartre. You can listen music and radio in a very cosy ambiance : candles, flowers and tea made by Fatiha. I can host 2 guests in true and confortable double bed. 	You will find a confortable and spacious room in a the heart of Montmartre, the appartment is warm and its host Fatiha will be with you user-friendly and welcoming. The area is lively and fueled by typical features of Paris.  The appartment is full of heat and it has a beautiful view on Montmartre and its life. The private room with a double bed is spacious, bright and clear with a very big window overlooking on a charming street of Montmartre. You can listen music and radio in a very cosy ambiance : candles, flowers and tea made by Fatiha. I can host 2 guests in true and confortable double bed.  There is a private bathroom inside the private room, there is a kitchen fully equiped (fridge, freezer, microwaves, hot (email hidden)c) ready for guests if they want, a double living ready to order, a beautiful wooden piano if they want to play. For more information you can contact me i will answer you as quickly as possible You have the liberty that you want in this appartment, you private r
30927	hello   this Apart  build in 2000  has (website hidden) has    one bedroom and its bathroom     modern furniture  yhe kitchen is  all equiped .the    wc is  separate . You can use  the lift  from the parking to the apartment    In the living room  a small balcony has a two chairs   and a table. You 'll be  at the foot   of   Sacré-coeur   without noise  You 'll find  many restaurants in front of the Bute Montmartre  gardens  3 or 4 people  could sleep   a large bed  and one or two separate bed  in the living room  has a true bed .  the metro as the little bus are nears. If  you have a car  my Private PARKING  is   free    for you , its a detail specially rare in this area. From this year our baker is  the winner with its  best Paris  baguette 2013 . this building has a doble security  for coming in. have a good day 	New appartment with 1 bedroom, you 'll come from the parking directly.All the furnitures are clears and news;  With the Montmartre stairs you have  all  Paris in front of (website hidden) the most typic area of Paris tradition    view art bistrot  .... hello   this Apart  build in 2000  has (website hidden) has    one bedroom and its bathroom     modern furniture  yhe kitchen is  all equiped .the    wc is  separate . You can use  the lift  from the parking to the apartment    In the living room  a small balcony has a two chairs   and a table. You 'll be  at the foot   of   Sacré-coeur   without noise  You 'll find  many restaurants in front of the Bute Montmartre  gardens  3 or 4 people  could sleep   a large bed  and one or two separate bed  in the living room  has a true bed .  the metro as the little bus are nears. If  you have a car  my Private PARKING  is   free    for you , its a detail specially rare in this area. From this year our baker is  the winner with its  best Paris  bag
30928	Refait à neuf il y a moins de 2 ans, cet appartement très cosy allie le charme de l'ancien et du moderne. Situé à quelques mètres de Montmartre et des transports en commun, vous accéderez rapidement et simplement à tous les monuments parisiens. Supermarchés, bars et restaurants à quelques mètres de l'immeuble. Cosy flat with a real bed and living room with convertible corner couch. It is perfectly located next to Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. This location is ideal for a couple or friends to enjoy Paris by night or by day. You have a lot of supermarkets, restaurants and bars in less than 500 meters from the flat. The metro station is less than 4 minutes and bus stop to the Champs Elysées and Velib'station at 20 meters.	Location d'exception proche de Montmartre/Sacré Cœur et des gares. Appartement refait à neuf il y a moins de deux ans avec pierres et poutres apparentes Refait à neuf il y a moins de 2 ans, cet appartement très cosy allie le charme de l'ancien et du moderne. Situé à quelques mètres de Montmartre et des transports en commun, vous accéderez rapidement et simplement à tous les monuments parisiens. Supermarchés, bars et restaurants à quelques mètres de l'immeuble. Cosy flat with a real bed and living room with convertible corner couch. It is perfectly located next to Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. This location is ideal for a couple or friends to enjoy Paris by night or by day. You have a lot of supermarkets, restaurants and bars in less than 500 meters from the flat. The metro station is less than 4 minutes and bus stop to the Champs Elysées and Velib'station at 20 meters. A quelques minutes seulement du quartier de Montmartre et du célèbre Sacré Cœur. A quelques minute
30929	A fully furnished apartment ideally located. It has a living room and one bedroom. In the ground floor this flat is ideal for people aiming to be comfortably situated and well connected to all Parisian attractions.	This 28m² apartment is ideal for a family or a couple looking to discover the enchantements of the City of Lights. Ideally situated in the hearth of Montmartre and very central to all the main attractions in PAris. Situated on the ground floor  A fully furnished apartment ideally located. It has a living room and one bedroom. In the ground floor this flat is ideal for people aiming to be comfortably situated and well connected to all Parisian attractions. You will get access to a fully furnished and self catering apartment with everything you need to spend a nice time in the city of Light.  I will get in touch and be available to helping you in everything you might need. I live right around the corner so I can easily be available to help, or sort out any issue you might get. Montmartre is the most enchanting Neighborhood in PAris. Full with cafés, bakeries, butchers and boutiques in all sorts. You will be immersed in the PArisian live!  Very well connecte to all  Paris' main attraction
30930		2 bedrooms in paris near Montmartre , in a very Nice are a , a lot of restaurant and métro station hère .
30931	L'appart est bien desservi, par deux lignes de métro et plusieurs lignes de bus. Le quartier est très agréable, entre la butte Montmartre et la porte de Clignancourt. Plein de commerces à proximité, petits et grands. Voisins calmes, ascenseur. 	L'appart comprend deux pièces de même taille et vient d'être fraichement repeint. Au 6e étage, ascenseur. Convient pour un couple avec éventuellement un enfant. Une chambre et un salon avec canapé comportant deux couchages. Two rooms, perfect for à couple, possibly with one child. L'appart est bien desservi, par deux lignes de métro et plusieurs lignes de bus. Le quartier est très agréable, entre la butte Montmartre et la porte de Clignancourt. Plein de commerces à proximité, petits et grands. Voisins calmes, ascenseur. Appartement entier. Je parle anglais, allemand  et je serai ravie de vous aide.  I speak english, german and will be glad to help you. Le quartier se situe entre la mairie du 18eme, vivante avec plein de commerces, la touristique butte de montmartre et la porte de clignancourt, métissée, peuplée (avec les puces), mais aussi des nouveaux endroits branchés comme la petite ceinture verte et la recyclerie. Métro 12, 4.  Bus 60, 95, 26. Musicienne, je suis souvent partie en 
30932	Appartement refait à neuf  1 lit plus canapé lit pour 2 personnes 	Deux pièces refait à neuf,  15 min à pieds du sacrée coeur, douche à l'italienne, cuisine ouverte avec îlot. Grand lit 160x200  et rangements. Canapé lit pour le deuxième  couchage Appartement refait à neuf  1 lit plus canapé lit pour 2 personnes Quartier populaire à 15 min à pied du sacrée  coeur
30933		Meublé de façon fonctionnel avec internet et Wifi, sans TV. WC séparé. Appartement de voyageuse avec décoration africaine et asiatique. Salon plein sud avec fenêtre fleurie. Au 3e étage sans ascenseur dans quartier populaire et vivant.
30934	Idéal pour un séjour en amoureux	Charmant studio lumineux, à deux pas du Sacré Cœur, dans un quartier animé à proximité du métro et de nombreux commerces. Salle de bain et coin cuisine équipée. Accueille maximum deux personnes, idéal pour un couple en voyage a Paris. Grand dressing et accès wifi. Idéal pour un séjour en amoureux Accès wifi  Logement entier  Électroménager en libre service Je suis disponible pour toute information mais je ne suis pas présente. Je mets à disposition des adresses intéressantes et des explications pour se déplacer facilement. La proximité avec tous les commerces, les nombreux restaurants et bars très prisés, qui font la renommée de Montmartre.  Le marché Saint-Pierre est à deux pas pour les amateurs de couture et de DIY. Petit-cosy-lumineux-pratique-accessible. Métro: Jules Joffrin ligne 12 Simplon ligne 4 Bus: (phone number hidden), Montmartrobus Velib et autolib Rue bruyante mais double vitrage très efficace.  Vibrations légères du métro de 6h à minuit. Ascenseur.  Fumeurs acceptés.  An
30935		Charming studio in Paris (18ème arrondissement) for 2 with view on the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre). In a very popular neighborhood, Montmartre is 5 min by walk, 15 min from Pigalle. The bed can go on the ceiling to create a living room. The surrounding area is equally colourful - a multi-ethnic mix centred around the bustling African/fish/veg/meat market Marche´ de Jean. Famous sights such as Montmartre, The Sacre Coeur and The Moulin Rouge are all within easy walking distance. For those flea market lovers the world famous marché de clignancourt is only a few stops north on the metro. The neighborhood is really popular, with a market everyday, but if you walk 3 streets away, you go through Montmartre. The nearest metro station, Chateau Rouge, is two minutes walk away, allowing great access to the rest of Paris on the '4' line Gare du Nord only 2 stops away , Chatelet, and St Germain, are also speedily reached. To get to the metro you will need the cross the small but often very busy stree
30936		very nice loft,  very special.1  bedroom for 2 with italian bathroom , A bed , sofa in loung for 1 or 2 personns as well . very quiet flat with nice spaces.
30937	5 Minutes walking distance from Sacré Coeur Area.	Welcome to Paris ! Into the 18th District of Paris (5 minutes walk to Sacré Coeur), a charming studio which can host until 4 people, with a kitchen, bathroom, TV, all renovated. 5 Minutes walking distance from Sacré Coeur Area. All the flat is for you during the stay. It's an authentic parisian neighbourhood, with XIX Century buildings. You will find every kind of shops and restaurants walking distance from it. 3 metro lines near the flat : - Line 12 ( nearest the flat - 2 minutes walking) - Line 2/Line 13 ( 5 minutes walking)  One station of bus in front of the flat (line 80).
30938	My apartment is located just above a very nice pub (that means noisy, but honnestly that's ok), but in the heart of the Montmartre life (that means busy but with only cool people). On each corner you will find nice restaurants, pubs, shops... The apartment's door opens into a hallway that leads by the left to the bathroom (fitted with a shower, a washbasin, washing machine and a WC), and straight ahead to the living room furinished with a comforatble sofa bed, a regular sofa, a TV with a PS4, a computer (with wifi access) and dining table for 4 with its chairs. The kitchen is opened onto the hallway, and is equipped with a gas stove, a microwave, a fridge, a coffee machine, a toaster, a kettle and the dishes. 	My apartment is located just above a very nice pub (that means noisy), in the heart of the Montmartre life (that means very lively). On each corner you will find nice restaurants, pubs, shops... My apartment is located just above a very nice pub (that means noisy, but honnestly that's ok), but in the heart of the Montmartre life (that means busy but with only cool people). On each corner you will find nice restaurants, pubs, shops... The apartment's door opens into a hallway that leads by the left to the bathroom (fitted with a shower, a washbasin, washing machine and a WC), and straight ahead to the living room furinished with a comforatble sofa bed, a regular sofa, a TV with a PS4, a computer (with wifi access) and dining table for 4 with its chairs. The kitchen is opened onto the hallway, and is equipped with a gas stove, a microwave, a fridge, a coffee machine, a toaster, a kettle and the dishes. My guest will have a full access to my apartment : my wine, my PS4, my wifi, and my co
30939	The apartment is 38 m2 total area. The apartment can accommodate up to 4 travelers (one large double bed in the bedroom and one extra bed for two, good bedding). Each room is separating. It Is composed of one lounge, one bedroom with storage, one bathroom, one toilet, a kitchen and one entry.	"The apartment consists of two rooms ( living room and bedroom with storage ) . There is a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet. Each room is (email hidden)e surface of the apartment is 38 m2. The apartment is 38 m2 total area. The apartment can accommodate up to 4 travelers (one large double bed in the bedroom and one extra bed for two, good bedding). Each room is separating. It Is composed of one lounge, one bedroom with storage, one bathroom, one toilet, a kitchen and one entry. In the apartment you can watch TV , listen to HIFI music , listen vinyls, to connect on internet and use the kitchen. I leave my home and I remain fully available by phone for any information . The street life is very significant. There are many kinds of shops nearby open (open on Sunday) Subway line 12 "" Lamarck Caulaincourt"""
30940	"Hello and welcome in Montmartre ! Enjoy a private room in a pretty 70 sqm apartment ideally located in Montmartre:  200 meters far from Basilique du Sacré Coeur. As I won't be home most of the time, the ""private room"" will turn into a ""entire flat experience"" !"	"Charming and comfortable flat.   As I won't be home most of the time, the ""private room"" will turn into a ""entire flat experience"" Perfect location in Montmartre; lovely and lively area! 2 mn walk from Sacé Coeur. 15 mn from very center of Paris. Hello and welcome in Montmartre ! Enjoy a private room in a pretty 70 sqm apartment ideally located in Montmartre:  200 meters far from Basilique du Sacré Coeur. As I won't be home most of the time, the ""private room"" will turn into a ""entire flat experience"" ! * Please read entirely * The apartment:  - located on the 4th floor (no elevator, like every ancient building in Montmartre) - A large living room (2 windows overlooking the street) - Semi-open kitchen, fully equipped with fridge, freezer, washing machine, Nespresso, … - a bathroom (shower) - separated toilets - 1 room : our - 1 other bedroom at the opposite side of ours which make it more reserved (12sqm, fully equipped) : yours - good wifi acess; books, and DVD. Your bedroom is furnis"
30941	bonjour je loue un appartement avec balcon coté salon et côté cour très calme dans appartement 3 pièces 65m2 au 5eme étage il y a 2 chambres avec 2 grands lits plus un matelas d'apoint pour 1 personne une salle bain avec baignoire vous pouvez utiliser la cuisine (produit de base à disposition) utilser internet la télé faire comme chez vous placé à 20 minutes à pied du sacré coeur rue damremont dans le 18eme arrondissement métro jules joffrin ou guy mocquet et bus 31 pratique pour se rendre gare du nord gare l'est et le bus 95 pour aller à opéra saint lazare	Dans un appartement spacieux de 3 pièces 65m² dans le 18 eme à paris situé au 5 eme étage avec ascenseur dans un quartier calme et commerçant (plusieurs supermarché boulangerie boucherie et un marché 2 fois par semaine), au métro jules joffrin bonjour je loue un appartement avec balcon coté salon et côté cour très calme dans appartement 3 pièces 65m2 au 5eme étage il y a 2 chambres avec 2 grands lits plus un matelas d'apoint pour 1 personne une salle bain avec baignoire vous pouvez utiliser la cuisine (produit de base à disposition) utilser internet la télé faire comme chez vous placé à 20 minutes à pied du sacré coeur rue damremont dans le 18eme arrondissement métro jules joffrin ou guy mocquet et bus 31 pratique pour se rendre gare du nord gare l'est et le bus 95 pour aller à opéra saint lazare Dans un appartement spacieux avec balcon dans le 18 eme à paris situé au 5 eme étage avec ascenseur dans un quartier calme et commerçant (plusieurs supermarché boulangerie boucherie et un marc
30942	The apartment is fully available.  It consists of a large bedroom, a living room with a sofa bed, a kitchen and a bathroom.  The kitchen is completely equipped with 2 hotplates, kitchen utensils, fridge, toaster, espresso machine, oven, microwave.  The apartment also has a washing machine, internet and TV.  Towels and sheets can be made available.  The apartment is on the sixth floor without lift, not overlooked with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. 	Appartement calme et très mignon au pied de Montmartre. 35m2 style Haussmanien Chambre et cuisine séparées, équipées.  Internet, TV Machine à laver Métro Guy Moquet (2mn).  The apartment is fully available.  It consists of a large bedroom, a living room with a sofa bed, a kitchen and a bathroom.  The kitchen is completely equipped with 2 hotplates, kitchen utensils, fridge, toaster, espresso machine, oven, microwave.  The apartment also has a washing machine, internet and TV.  Towels and sheets can be made available.  The apartment is on the sixth floor without lift, not overlooked with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. Access to all the apartment. It is easy and pleasant to shine on foot or by bike in Montmartre, Pigalle, Batignolles and Epinettes. Ligne 13 (Guy Moquet - 2mn à pied)   Ligne 12 (Lamarck Caulaincourt - 8mn à pied) Bus : 81/31/95
30943	This is a nice apartment located in rue d'Orsel, right in the heart of les Abbesses, in the lively neighborhood of Montmartre.  It is 31 square meters, with 2 rooms :  one living room  and one bedroom.   It is on the 1st floor of a 19th century classic Parisian building, with elevator. The building has secured doors which open with a code.  You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The apartment itself is comfy furnished with : - a living room with fully furnished kitchen (sink, 4 electrical plates, microwave, oven, fridge, washing machine), a sleeping-couch, TV, internet, radio and CD player. - a bedroom with a bed for 2 persons (140x200 cm) and bathroom with a shower. There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use.  On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, bars and shops. It is a short 5 minutes walk from le Sacré-Coeur and la rue des Martyrs (many cheese shops, bakers, grocery stores, wine shops). I love my apartment and I hope you w	This is a nice apartment located in rue d'Orsel, right in the heart of les Abbesses, in the lively neighborhood of Montmartre.  It is 31 square meters, with 2 rooms :  one living room  and one bedroom.   It is on the 1st floor of a 19th century classic Parisian building, with elevator. The building has secured doors which open with a code.  You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The apartment itself is comfy furnished with : - a living room with fully furnished kitchen (sink, 4 electrical plates, microwave, oven, fridge, washing machine), a sleeping-couch, TV, internet, radio and CD player. - a bedroom with a bed for 2 persons (140x200 cm) and bathroom with a shower. There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use.  On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, bars and shops. It is a short 5 minutes walk from le Sacré-Coeur and la rue des Martyrs (many cheese shops, bakers, grocery stores, wine shops). I love my apartment and I hope you w
30944		Beautiful appartment with a living room, sleeping room, a separate bathroom and separate kitchen. Lot of charm : woodfloor and fireplace. Nicely decorated with all the quipment you need, next to 2 subway stations. Perfect to enjoy parisian life!
30945	"""A COUPLE OR A WOMAN"" Paris 18°, near Montmartre/Sacré Coeur and Marché aux Puces  St. Ouen. Nice and clair flat on 4th floor with lift, near Métro and buses to go all over Paris. Lively street, aproximity to a lot of stores, markets and restaurants."	"I rent a nice room with one double bed to receive 1 couple, one person female. My flat is in Paris 18°,  near Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. The flat is next to a very lively street with a lot of stores, near Métro and several buses to go all over Paris ""A COUPLE OR A WOMAN"" Paris 18°, near Montmartre/Sacré Coeur and Marché aux Puces  St. Ouen. Nice and clair flat on 4th floor with lift, near Métro and buses to go all over Paris. Lively street, aproximity to a lot of stores, markets and restaurants. 1 Double bed room, kitchen, bathroom with shower and WC. Internet WiFi. Breakfast included. Informations about Paris and the quarter. I'm a rather descreet person but i'll bee glad to be helpful and give you the informations you need. I think you'll be comfortable here and feel free in my flat. I speak English, French and Norvegian fluently, i understand Spanish but i don't speak it very well. I love Paris and my arrondissement. I often go up to the Sacré Coeur and Montmartre and admire the wi"
30946	Grand appartement familial de 140m2, grande salle à vivre de 60m2,terrasse extérieure aménagée, 2 sdb dont un jacuzzi, 2 toilettes. Grand appartement familial de 140m2, grande salle à vivre de 60m2,terrasse extérieure aménagée, 2 sdb dont un jacuzzi, 2 toilettes. Grand appartement familial de 140m2, grande salle à vivre de 60m2,terrasse extérieure aménagée, 2 sdb dont un jacuzzi, 2 toilettes. There are 4 bedrooms: - 180x200 (brand new mattresses Duvivier) - 2X 90x190 separate beds (brand new mattresses Duvivier), plus sofa bed (can sleep 2 kids) - 2x 90x190 bunk beds (new mattresses Ikea) - 90x190 mezzanine bed (new mattress ikea) - sofa bed in the living room but not good  - 2 extras good mattresses to put on the floor wherever You can arrange mattresses and beds as you want, please note that the beds on the colorful children beds picture on the website are being replaced by 2 brand new traditional bed/mattress. Grand appartement familial de 140m2, grande salle à vivre de 60m2,terrass	Grand appartement familial de 140m2, grande salle à vivre de 60m2,terrasse extérieure aménagée, 2 sdb dont un jacuzzi, 2 toilettes. Grand appartement familial de 140m2, grande salle à vivre de 60m2,terrasse extérieure aménagée, 2 sdb dont un jacuzzi, 2 toilettes. Grand appartement familial de 140m2, grande salle à vivre de 60m2,terrasse extérieure aménagée, 2 sdb dont un jacuzzi, 2 toilettes. Grand appartement familial de 140m2, grande salle à vivre de 60m2,terrasse extérieure aménagée, 2 sdb dont un jacuzzi, 2 toilettes. There are 4 bedrooms: - 180x200 (brand new mattresses Duvivier) - 2X 90x190 separate beds (brand new mattresses Duvivier), plus sofa bed (can sleep 2 kids) - 2x 90x190 bunk beds (new mattresses Ikea) - 90x190 mezzanine bed (new mattress ikea) - sofa bed in the living room but not good  - 2 extras good mattresses to put on the floor wherever You can arrange mattresses and beds as you want, please note that the beds on the colorful children beds picture on the website a
30947	Exceptional! House in Montmartre with private garden! In the rez-de-chaussé: a small garden, a lounge/dining room, a kitchen.	Small doll's house at the foot of the Sacré Coeur in a quiet court. Take advantage of the small small garden, the district of abbesses, of businesses. Not far from subway.  The charm of Montmartre! Exceptional! House in Montmartre with private garden! In the rez-de-chaussé: a small garden, a lounge/dining room, a kitchen. All the rooms parts of the house, the included garden! Present to welcome the travelers the day of their arrival, and present the last day to get back keys. The mound Montmartre, the district of abbesses, the closeness of subways and businesses, the bars and restaurants. Subway lines 2, 4, 12. The closest stations: Anvers, Abbesses, Pigalle, Barbès. I look for people who like animals because there are 2 very kind cats to be fed. They are independent and have a walk freely thanks to a cat flap. It is only necessary to feed them 1 time a day and to make to them full of cuddles. No maintenances of litter, they go outside.
30948	Beautiful flat, completely refurbished. Very quiet. Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, blender, mini-oven, … TV and wifi access. Washing machine.	Beautiful flat, completely refurbished. Very quiet. Beautiful flat, completely refurbished. Very quiet. Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, blender, mini-oven, … TV and wifi access. Washing machine. Entire flat We can give you the best tips to discover the authentic Paris. Montmartre is the soul of Paris. Behind the Sacre Coeur, you will find the real Parisian life: try tasty french food in one of many restaurants, enjoy the best view in the city, drink a glass of (email hidden) rue Ramey, dance till down at Pigalle… You will also discover the famous Moulin Rouge, the amazing Sacre Coeur and french artists exhibiting their works on La place du Tertre.  Metro, ligne 12, Jules Joffrin or Lamarck station (5 minutes walking) 15 minutes walking from metro stations Simplon and Marcadet Poissoniers (ligne 4)
30949	Completely refurbished within a traditional Parisian building, this artist’s flat reflects the personality of its owner. Everything is designed for a comfortable atmosphere, from the oak floorboard, the light coloured walls to the artist’s hangings. It is ideal for 2 people. The fully equipped kitchen area will allow you to enjoy your cooking around the bar. Linen is provided, except from towels. Situated on the fifth floor (without a lift), overlooking a pedestrian street, the flat benefits from natural light all day long. Right outside the building, there is a permanent market in a quiet and colourful pedestrian street, where you will be able to stroll, sit at a terrasse for a coffee and do your shopping. Montmartre and the Sacré Cœur are only two tube stops away. Along the Canal d’Ourq which is only 10 minutes walk, you will be charmed by its romantic sites and you will be able to go up to the Parc de la Vilette or down to Bastille for the bravest (it is possible to hire bikes) Bed 	Completely refurbished within a traditional Parisian building, this artist’s flat reflects the personality of its owner. Everything is designed for a comfortable atmosphere, from the oak floorboard, the light coloured walls to the artist’s hangings. It is ideal for 2 people. The fully equipped kitchen area will allow you to enjoy your cooking around the bar. Linen is provided, except from towels. Situated on the fifth floor (without a lift), overlooking a pedestrian street, the flat benefits from natural light all day long. Right outside the building, there is a permanent market in a quiet and colourful pedestrian street, where you will be able to stroll, sit at a terrasse for a coffee and do your shopping. Montmartre and the Sacré Cœur are only two tube stops away. Along the Canal d’Ourq which is only 10 minutes walk, you will be charmed by its romantic sites and you will be able to go up to the Parc de la Vilette or down to Bastille for the bravest (it is possible to hire bikes) Bed 
30950		Apartment 2-roomed 30m2, very bright, quiet (double paned windows/bedroom giving onto the courtyard) and located just next to the Sacré-Coeur. Close to transportation facilities and shops. Fully equipped apartment & very functional. At a point 50 meters from the apartment : - Subway : Jules Joffrin (Line 12) and Simplon (Line 4)  - Taxi and Bus station (N°60 and 85)
30951	The flat has two bedrooms (one small and one big) with queen size beds in each one (best for 2 couples on holidays). One bathroom with shower and toilets. A kitchen. And one living room.	"Hello, we are two Embroiderers from Paris, Agathe 28 yrs old and Ethelle 25 yrs Old. And we want to be part of the Airbnb movement ! We already used the site to rent a flat abroad. It's time for us to host back ! Our flat is ready for this summer ! The flat has two bedrooms (one small and one big) with queen size beds in each one (best for 2 couples on holidays). One bathroom with shower and toilets. A kitchen. And one living room. You can access our flat using the L.2 and L.4 of the parisian subway. The nearest subway station is called ""Barbes-Rochechouart"" and our flat is right below the aerial subway ! We will meet you at your arrival for the key exchange. But we will not be present during your stay. You can put the keys in the mailbox at your departure, and someone will retrieve them back a few days later. Our neighborhood is situated right below MontMartre, and not far away from the Gare du Nord train station. You can access the main tourist sites of Paris in less than 20 minutes "
30952	Neighborhood: This furnished apartment is in Montmartre, a district inseparable from art; at the end of the 19th century the area was a Mecca for artists, writers and poets. Montmartre maintains its physical charm and the village atmosphere remains remarkably intact.  There are spectacular views of the city from various points, especially from the monumental Sacre-Coeur Basilica. One of Paris' most picturesque squares is the Place des Abbesses with its original Art Nouveau metro station. There are all sorts of essential shops and services near this accommodation, such as the picturesque fruit and vegetable market situated on Rue Lepic. The apartment located on the Corner of Place de Terte. Very nice and one of the beautiful street on Montrmart. Premises: This 35m² (approx. 375 sq. ft.) one-bedroom apartment is located at the top of the Montmartre Hill . This apartment is located on the ground floor of a building constructed in 1921. The main entrance gate is protected by a coded securi	This quaint apartment is nestled in the artist district of Montmartre. Sacre Coeur is around the corner offering a breathtaking view overlooking the city of Paris.  LGBT friendly, non smoking, extremely clean apartment.  Neighborhood: This furnished apartment is in Montmartre, a district inseparable from art; at the end of the 19th century the area was a Mecca for artists, writers and poets. Montmartre maintains its physical charm and the village atmosphere remains remarkably intact.  There are spectacular views of the city from various points, especially from the monumental Sacre-Coeur Basilica. One of Paris' most picturesque squares is the Place des Abbesses with its original Art Nouveau metro station. There are all sorts of essential shops and services near this accommodation, such as the picturesque fruit and vegetable market situated on Rue Lepic. The apartment located on the Corner of Place de Terte. Very nice and one of the beautiful street on Montrmart. Premises: This 35m² (app
30953		This is a typical parisian flat at 200m from the stairs of the Sacré Coeur.This cocooning apartment is located in the heart of Montmartre on the 6th floor and offer an amazing view of Paris an the Eiffel Tour
30954	Bonjour, Je vous propose de louer pendant l'été mon joli studio  de 15 mètres carrés situé au calme rue Caulaincourt dans le charmant quartier de Montmartre. Il a été refait à neuf l'année dernière et est totalement équipé.  Vous disposerez de tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner avec frigo/congélateur, plaques à induction, hotte, toaster, cafetière Nespresso (capsules fournies), bouilloire, micro-ondes combiné.  Je fournis les draps, les serviettes, le gel douche, le shampoing, le sèche-cheveux. Le couchage consiste en un BZ de 140 cm confortable et est encadré de nombreux rangements. Il y a une télé LCD de 102 cm avec la TNT, un lecteur DVD, internet en wifi. Le studio est situé au rez-de-chaussée sur cour au calme, son seul inconvénient est sa luminosité de par sa situation mais vous n'y serez que pour dormir non? Tous les lieux touristiques de Montmartre sont à quelques minutes à pied : Place du Tertre à 700 mètres Sacré Coeur à 1000 mètres Moulin Rouge à 675 mètres A bientôt, Caroline	Bonjour, Je vous propose de louer pendant l'été mon joli studio de 15 m2 situé au calme rue Caulaincourt dans le charmant quartier de Montmartre. Il a été refait à neuf l'année dernière et est totalement équipé. A bientôt, Caroline! Bonjour, Je vous propose de louer pendant l'été mon joli studio  de 15 mètres carrés situé au calme rue Caulaincourt dans le charmant quartier de Montmartre. Il a été refait à neuf l'année dernière et est totalement équipé.  Vous disposerez de tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner avec frigo/congélateur, plaques à induction, hotte, toaster, cafetière Nespresso (capsules fournies), bouilloire, micro-ondes combiné.  Je fournis les draps, les serviettes, le gel douche, le shampoing, le sèche-cheveux. Le couchage consiste en un BZ de 140 cm confortable et est encadré de nombreux rangements. Il y a une télé LCD de 102 cm avec la TNT, un lecteur DVD, internet en wifi. Le studio est situé au rez-de-chaussée sur cour au calme, son seul inconvénient est sa luminosité de 
30955		I am renting a comfortable room in a quiet appartement, the right place to relax after a day of sightseeing, it's located on a quiet street right in Paris, enjoy a big kitchen, easy access to transport. Posibility to host one more in the livingroom.
30956	Très spacieux et calme avec des fenêtres dans chaque pièces. Situé au 5 étage, vue dégagée. Cuisine séparé de la pièce de vie, WC séparé de la douche. Proche de nombreux attraits touristiques: sacré coeur, moulin rouge, puces de St Ouen et à 10 minutes en métro des halles, république,...	Grande pièce à vivre ensoleillée de 30 m2, pouvant accueillir 4 pers: 1 lit double et un canapé lit confortable. Bien situé, calme, proche métro, lignes 2 4 12 et garde du Nord RER. 10 mn à pied du quartier Montmartre et 15 mn du canal St Martin. Très spacieux et calme avec des fenêtres dans chaque pièces. Situé au 5 étage, vue dégagée. Cuisine séparé de la pièce de vie, WC séparé de la douche. Proche de nombreux attraits touristiques: sacré coeur, moulin rouge, puces de St Ouen et à 10 minutes en métro des halles, république,... Nous pouvons répondre à vos questions par téléphone dans la journée, par SMS également plus sur. Quartier très cosmopolite, solidaire et associatif, possédant de nombreux jardins partagés, parcs et squares. Proche du 104, la goute d'or est en pleine mutation culturelle et sociale. A 10 mn a pieds de la gare du Nord, l'appartement est à deux minutes des lignes 2,4,12, et RER pour Roissy Charles de Gaulle. Nous laissons l'appartement avec nos affaires personnell
30957	Not far from the Sacre Coeur (Montmartre hill), 10mn walking distance. The appartment is clean, and nice (35sq meters).	Nice place, not far from Montmartre hill. Good place to relax, very calm, and in the heart of Paris. Not far from the Sacre Coeur (Montmartre hill), 10mn walking distance. The appartment is clean, and nice (35sq meters). You have access to all the appartment + wifi. I will let you know the best plans nearby. As it is at the 6th floor without elevator, my friend David can take care of carrying your luggage for 10€. It is not a touristic area, so restaurants are more friendly and good. Also you will meet all kind of people in the bars nearby (artists, immigrates, families, youngs...) 7mn from Metro La Chapelle (line 2). There is also an access via metro Barbes (line 4).
30958	Welcome to a typical Parisian apartment in the heart of Montmartre. Montmartre is a small village within the city with several Parisian style cafés and restaurants, fashion boutiques, typical wineries, excellent bakeries… The flat is situated at 2-minute walk to the metro station Abbesses and close to the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. You'll be no more than 5 min away from 3 subways lines, # 12 line at ABBESSES, # 2 line at PIGALE and BLANCHE. Several buses lines are also available in the area. Surface area is 35 m2 Secured building with digital code 5th floor (without elevator). The apartment is recently fully renovated. It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay. It has a separate bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. It’s really calm and you will appreciate the view from the living room on a little park. Double bed in the bedroom - A convertible couch in the living room High speed WIFI - LCD TV full HD 40 Kitchen:  fridge, cooking plates, toaster, k	Welcome to a typical Parisian apartment in the heart of Montmartre. Montmartre is a small village within the city with several Parisian style cafés and restaurants, fashion boutiques, typical wineries, excellent bakeries… The flat is situated at 2-minute walk to the metro station Abbesses and close to the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. You'll be no more than 5 min away from 3 subways lines, # 12 line at ABBESSES, # 2 line at PIGALE and BLANCHE. Several buses lines are also available in the area. Surface area is 35 m2 Secured building with digital code 5th floor (without elevator). The apartment is recently fully renovated. It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay. It has a separate bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. It’s really calm and you will appreciate the view from the living room on a little park. Double bed in the bedroom - A convertible couch in the living room High speed WIFI - LCD TV full HD 40 Kitchen:  fridge, cooking plates, toaster, k
30959	Vous êtes à 7 mn en montmartrobus du Sacré coeur !	"Lit d'une personne dans chambre d'enfant inoccupée Vous êtes à 7 mn en montmartrobus du Sacré coeur ! Chambre, salle de bain avec douche et baignoire ,serviettes de toilette et draps fournis. WC séparé. Metro: - Jules Joffrin ligne 12  - Simplon ligne 4 (à la sortie de Simplon , prendre la rue Joseph Dijon jusqu'à rue du Mont Cenis à gauche) Bus: - n°31 - n°60 - n°80 - n°85  - n°56 - montmartobus Voiture:  -Porte de clignancourt,18 ème arrondissement, garage payant à proximité Avion: - Aéroports CDG : RER B jusqu'à ""gare du Nord"" puis métro ligne 4 jusqu' à  ""Simplon"" puis rue Joseph Dijon jusqu'à rue du Mont Cenis à gauche (54 minutes) IMPORTANT Merci de préciser , lors de vos demandes d’information et réservation, les horaires approximatifs de vos arrivées et de départs, en vous rappelant que les arrivées se font à partir de 13 heures, et les départs avant midi"
30960	Bonjour, Bienvenue dans mon havre de paix.  Ce petit studio, calme et bien agencé est bien plus grand en vrai qu'en photos. C'est un endroit cosy, ou il fait bon vivre. Situé au fond d'une impasse ou se trouve un petit parc, il est vraiment calme, de jour comme de nuit. La pièce principale est assez spacieuse, et modulable. Vous disposerez d'un vrai lit deux places, pour un sommeil réparateur, dont on peut aussi profiter en mode canapé comme présenté sur les photos. Vous pourrez profiter d'une table repliable ou il est agréable de déjeuner ou dîner, et facile de travailler, ainsi que d'une petite table basse pour un grignotage ou un apéro. Un placard sera à votre disposition pour ranger vos affaires. La salle de bain, équipé d'une grande pomme de douche carrée est surprenante le matin, quand le soleil l'illumine. La cuisine est tout équipée. Les deux fenêtres de l'appartement donnent sur des cours,Je n'ai pas de voisins bricoleurs du dimanche, ni de fêtards du samedi, il est donc très 	Studio bien agencé et très bien situé,à 5 min à pied du Sacré Cœur. Ensoleillé du matin au soir, très calme (fenêtres sur cours), idéal pour séjour en amoureux, ou session de travail à Paris. Proche tous commerces, restaurants, et transports. Bonjour, Bienvenue dans mon havre de paix.  Ce petit studio, calme et bien agencé est bien plus grand en vrai qu'en photos. C'est un endroit cosy, ou il fait bon vivre. Situé au fond d'une impasse ou se trouve un petit parc, il est vraiment calme, de jour comme de nuit. La pièce principale est assez spacieuse, et modulable. Vous disposerez d'un vrai lit deux places, pour un sommeil réparateur, dont on peut aussi profiter en mode canapé comme présenté sur les photos. Vous pourrez profiter d'une table repliable ou il est agréable de déjeuner ou dîner, et facile de travailler, ainsi que d'une petite table basse pour un grignotage ou un apéro. Un placard sera à votre disposition pour ranger vos affaires. La salle de bain, équipé d'une grande pomme de 
30961	Beautiful 2 rooms' flat located at the heart of Montmartre. It's a perfect space for 2 to 4 persons, the flat is located in a quiet street at the 1st floor of a nice and typical parisian building with wooden floor, beautiful moldings and two old fireplace... The flat is very nice, it includes a linving-room with a sofa convertible into a double bed, a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom and a fully-equipped kitchen, I love to cook so you will have everything you need. Based at 2 minutes away from Metro « Lamarck Caulincourt », you are at 5 minutes away from Abesses and at 10 minutes by walk from the « Sacré Cœur ».	Lovely 2 rooms Flat, fully equipped at the 1st floor in a hausmanian typical parisian building at the heart of Montmarmatre For 2 to 4 persons 1 room with a double bed and 1 living room with a couch which open into a double bed. Beautiful 2 rooms' flat located at the heart of Montmartre. It's a perfect space for 2 to 4 persons, the flat is located in a quiet street at the 1st floor of a nice and typical parisian building with wooden floor, beautiful moldings and two old fireplace... The flat is very nice, it includes a linving-room with a sofa convertible into a double bed, a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom and a fully-equipped kitchen, I love to cook so you will have everything you need. Based at 2 minutes away from Metro « Lamarck Caulincourt », you are at 5 minutes away from Abesses and at 10 minutes by walk from the « Sacré Cœur ». Internet, Wifi, TV, Washing Machine, Micro-waves, Nespresso Machine, what else? I'm available by e-mail or by phone, I will be glad to help you pl
30962	Welcome in the heart of Paris, in a cosmopolitan and lively area ! 15 min walking from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), Pigalle (Moulin Rouge), Marché Saint Pierre (textile market). 10 min walking  from Canal saint Martin. Lots of restaurants, bars, theatre, cinema, concert hall, markets, groceries. In the North of Paris at La Chapelle, very well connected : 2 min from Metro La Chapelle (line 2) 4 min from Metro Stalingrad (line 5) 4 min from Metro Marx Dormoy (line 12) 5 min from gare du nord (railway station) 10 min from gare de l'est (railway station) 2 min from bike station (velib). Very cute room with long balcony, sofa bed (double), desk, library, lots of beautiful plants to feel like home. US kitchen and spacious living room with balcony, view on the eiffel tower ! Oven, microwave, washing machine. Bathroom with shower, toilets. Feel free to contact us for more details !	Welcome in our charming appartment : 40m2 in the heart of Paris, near Montmartre, canal saint Martin, in a very cosmopolitan area. Welcome in the heart of Paris, in a cosmopolitan and lively area ! 15 min walking from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), Pigalle (Moulin Rouge), Marché Saint Pierre (textile market). 10 min walking  from Canal saint Martin. Lots of restaurants, bars, theatre, cinema, concert hall, markets, groceries. In the North of Paris at La Chapelle, very well connected : 2 min from Metro La Chapelle (line 2) 4 min from Metro Stalingrad (line 5) 4 min from Metro Marx Dormoy (line 12) 5 min from gare du nord (railway station) 10 min from gare de l'est (railway station) 2 min from bike station (velib). Very cute room with long balcony, sofa bed (double), desk, library, lots of beautiful plants to feel like home. US kitchen and spacious living room with balcony, view on the eiffel tower ! Oven, microwave, washing machine. Bathroom with shower, toilets. Feel free to contact us for 
30963		Petit studio avec parquet, neuf, calme, sur cour, avec télévision, internet, salle de bains et baignoire, à deux pas du Sacré-Coeur, et des métros Anvers et Barbès-Rochechouart. Muni d'un confortable canapé-lit, il peut accueillir 2 personnes. 
30964	Ideally located on the right riverbank between Montmartre and Opera our apartment is central and quiet at the same time The place is a 3-room flat in a mid-19th century 6-storey building which offers all the charms of the old Haussmannian Paris; entirely refurbished with modern standards There is one bedroom with a 160cm MyBed and a double living room where you will enjoy upper-floor brightness	Top-floor of an Haussmannian building refurbished with modern standards. 5min walking distance to Moulin Rouge, 15min to Garnier Opera House, Lafayette & Printemps Fresh food, restaurants & bars are plentiful in the area Ideally located on the right riverbank between Montmartre and Opera our apartment is central and quiet at the same time The place is a 3-room flat in a mid-19th century 6-storey building which offers all the charms of the old Haussmannian Paris; entirely refurbished with modern standards There is one bedroom with a 160cm MyBed and a double living room where you will enjoy upper-floor brightness You'll be 5min walking distance to Moulin Rouge, 15min walking to the Garnier Opera House and Galerie Lafayette and Printemps department stores Shops, restaurants, bars and clubs are plentiful in the area and we'll be happy to share our preffered list with you Fresh veggies, cheese and food are available in the Batignolles street market (Saturday only) and in the lively rue Lepi
30965	At the heart of the genuine neighborhood of Montmartre, just a few steps away from the basilica of the Sacre-Cœur and the vineyards. Rent a charming 2 bedroom apartment, in a very quiet street, at the 4th floor of the building. Very lively neighborhood with typical restaurants at every price, cabarets such as the Lapin Agile, many bars (including a friendly jazz bar right next door)! Easy to go around with 3 subway stations at less than 5 min (Lamarck-Caulaincourt, Jules Joffrin et Chateau-Rouge), and velib stations where you can rent bicycles. Quiet and well-equipped, this apartment is perfect for one person, a couple, even with one additional guest. Books, comics, movies and especially vinyl lovers will feel at home. The rent applies for July for 2 days at a minimum. Equipment: -All equipped American kitchen: oven + micro-waves, induction cooking zone, fridge, freezer, washing-machine, large bar -Living room: sofa bed (where an extra guest could sleep, I ll then, provide additional l	At the heart of the genuine neighborhood of Montmartre, just a few steps away from the basilica of the Sacre-Cœur and the vineyards. Rent a charming 2 bedroom apartment, in a very quiet street, at the 4th floor of the building. Very lively neighborhood with typical restaurants at every price, cabarets such as the Lapin Agile, many bars (including a friendly jazz bar right next door)! Easy to go around with 3 subway stations at less than 5 min (Lamarck-Caulaincourt, Jules Joffrin et Chateau-Rouge), and velib stations where you can rent bicycles. Quiet and well-equipped, this apartment is perfect for one person, a couple, even with one additional guest. Books, comics, movies and especially vinyl lovers will feel at home. The rent applies for July for 2 days at a minimum. Equipment: -All equipped American kitchen: oven + micro-waves, induction cooking zone, fridge, freezer, washing-machine, large bar -Living room: sofa bed (where an extra guest could sleep, I ll then, provide additional l
30966	"LOCATION, LOCATION … In the heart of Montmartre, steps away from le Moulin Rouge and le Sacre Coeur, the apartment’s proximity to metro and bus stations 100 feet away, makes it convenient to reach all places worth a visit while in Paris. -Louvre Museum, 10 min -Champs Elysees and Concorde, 10 min -Notre Dame and Sainte Chapelle, 15 min -Saint Germain and Quartier Latin, 15 min SIGNATURE, Named by Architectural Digest as ""One of ten best contemporary interior designers, stars of tomorrow"", Tristan Auer ((website hidden)) interiors blend craftsmanship and humility with a luxurious touch and French “savoir faire”. Since establishing himself as one of France’s leading designer, he has designed for high-profile businessmen and entertainment clients and his current projects include the renovation of two palaces in Paris and Monaco.   INTERIORS, Great design is in the details. Tristan Auer's work celebrates each subtle line and curve with the most beautiful attention to every facet. Spaces ar"	"LOCATION, LOCATION … In the heart of Montmartre, steps away from le Moulin Rouge and le Sacre Coeur, the apartment’s proximity to metro and bus stations 100 feet away, makes it convenient to reach all places worth a visit while in Paris. -Louvre Museum, 10 min -Champs Elysees and Concorde, 10 min -Notre Dame and Sainte Chapelle, 15 min -Saint Germain and Quartier Latin, 15 min SIGNATURE, Named by Architectural Digest as ""One of ten best contemporary interior designers, stars of tomorrow"", Tristan Auer ((website hidden)) interiors blend craftsmanship and humility with a luxurious touch and French “savoir faire”. Since establishing himself as one of France’s leading designer, he has designed for high-profile businessmen and entertainment clients and his current projects include the renovation of two palaces in Paris and Monaco.   INTERIORS, Great design is in the details. Tristan Auer's work celebrates each subtle line and curve with the most beautiful attention to every facet. Spaces ar"
30967	L'appartement, situé près de Montmartre, au pied du Sacré-Coeur, peut accueillir 4 personnes et un petit enfant. Il mesure 42m2, soit 3 pièces - un bureau-bibliothèque, un salon et une chambre. Vous disposez d'un vrai lit pour deux personnes, d'un canapé convertible en lit deux places et d'un petit lit d'enfant. L'appartement comporte une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire, et deux cabinets de toilettes.  Grâce aux lignes 2 et 4 du métro (stations proches: Château rouge, Barbès-Rochechouart ou Anvers), vous pourrez facilement rejoindre tous les quartiers de Paris. Boulangerie, supermarché, restaurants, cafés...; tout ce dont vous avez besoin se trouve à moins de 200 mètres. Très bien situé, l'appartement est à deux pas de la basilique du Sacré-Coeur, et donc du si prisé quartier des Abbesses, de ses terrasses, de ses boutiques et de ses salles de spectacle. Vers le Sud, vous n'aurez que deux stations de métro (environ un kilomètre) à parcourir pour rejoindre la Gare du N	Au coeur du 18e arrondissement, au pied du Sacré-Coeur, l'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes et un petit enfant. 42m2, soit 3 pièces - un bureau, un salon et une chambre. Très lumineux, il vous est entièrement confié pour votre séjour à Paris. L'appartement, situé près de Montmartre, au pied du Sacré-Coeur, peut accueillir 4 personnes et un petit enfant. Il mesure 42m2, soit 3 pièces - un bureau-bibliothèque, un salon et une chambre. Vous disposez d'un vrai lit pour deux personnes, d'un canapé convertible en lit deux places et d'un petit lit d'enfant. L'appartement comporte une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire, et deux cabinets de toilettes.  Grâce aux lignes 2 et 4 du métro (stations proches: Château rouge, Barbès-Rochechouart ou Anvers), vous pourrez facilement rejoindre tous les quartiers de Paris. Boulangerie, supermarché, restaurants, cafés...; tout ce dont vous avez besoin se trouve à moins de 200 mètres. Très bien situé, l'appartement est à deux pas de la b
30968	Fantastic converted factory (totally renovated in 2001) suitable for those who love open living space. On three levels, comprising a secluded and very quiet South facing roof terrasse opening jointly on a bedroom with en-suite bathroom in distressed concrete with italian shower, and an open office or guest bedroom. On the main level is a perfectly harmonised salon, separate kitchen with ample room for entertaining and guest bathroom. On third, basement level, a laundry and storage space including a wine cellar. Housekeeper, bedlinen and towels included (4 hours a week). Parking space available.	Fantastic converted factory (totally renovated in 2001) suitable for those who love open living space. On three levels, comprising a secluded and very quiet South facing roof terrasse opening jointly on a bedroom with en-suite bathroom in distressed concrete with italian shower, and an open office or guest bedroom. On the main level is a perfectly harmonised salon, separate kitchen with ample room for entertaining and guest bathroom. On third, basement level, a laundry and storage space including a wine cellar. Housekeeper, bedlinen and towels included (4 hours a week). Parking space available. The all house and terrace... Full assistance in Montmartre House expérience including local lifestyle experience! Like restaurants, cafés, shopping addresses and more...
30969	2 lits doubles + 1 lit d'appoint + canapé 	Appartement deux chambres séparées. Appartement bien agencé. Du parquet et un plafond type Louis 14. Une cuisine séparée.  3 lignes de métro.  15 min de Châtelets.  18 min de Bercy.  15 min à pied de Montmartre. 2 lits doubles + 1 lit d'appoint + canapé Je pourrais vous apporter tout mon aide ainsi que mes voisins. Calme mais de très bon bars autour. Métro : 13, 4 et 12
30970	Located in a working class area, lively and alternative!  Localted 5 mn from Montmarte, 10mn from Canal Saint Martin Very close subway stations, with 3 different lines accessible ( 15mn from Notre dame and Les Champs Elysées) Cosy apartement well decorated (vintage) 	Apartement with one room,luminous and pleasant - Fully equiped!  Located in a working-class and multiethnic area - 5 mn from Montmartre Calm (inner courtyard) Last floor (4th), no elevator Catery, shops, restaurant,subways! Located in a working class area, lively and alternative!  Localted 5 mn from Montmarte, 10mn from Canal Saint Martin Very close subway stations, with 3 different lines accessible ( 15mn from Notre dame and Les Champs Elysées) Cosy apartement well decorated (vintage) Condiments Toilet paper, Sponge, washing up liquid  Sheets only for the double bed upstairs  In addition to the double bed upstair, there is a single matress (inflatable) for one adult + the sofa (1.50 meter long) can be easily use for a child to sleep (or any small person) No towels  TV, radio, music, books  Answers to their various questions before the booking  Available during their staying for any question Map and information on the neighbourhood available at their arrival in the appartement Lively a
30971		Petit cocon un vrai nid d'amour à 2 pas de Montmartre, Abbesses à métro Marcadet 10min de gare du Nord, 30min de L'aéroport, 5min du périphérique.. pour une visite de Paris en toute sérénité... Proche commerces vous aurez tous ceux dont vous avez besoin à portée de mains ;)
30972	"Excellent location in the heart of Montmartre, (50meters from the Sacré Coeur) yet easy access to Pigalle and the Grands Magasins at walking distance-   This cosy appartment will provide you with a perfect escape and a ""village"" feel while in the heart of bustling Paris. It has a fully equipped kitchen and a separate room with one double bed + sofa bed which can sleep 2 kids or one adult. Ideal for a couple or family. It is located in a former convent annex."	"Nicely decorated appartment offering double bed + sofa bed, ideal for a couple or family of 4/5, in a quiet and typical Montmartre building, 1 minute from the Sacré Coeur et 5 minutes from Moulin Rouge and Pigalle. Excellent location in the heart of Montmartre, (50meters from the Sacré Coeur) yet easy access to Pigalle and the Grands Magasins at walking distance-   This cosy appartment will provide you with a perfect escape and a ""village"" feel while in the heart of bustling Paris. It has a fully equipped kitchen and a separate room with one double bed + sofa bed which can sleep 2 kids or one adult. Ideal for a couple or family. It is located in a former convent annex. Fully equipped kitchen : washing machine, Nespresso coffee maker, micro-wave etc.  Tea/coffee.  Wi-fi connection. I will welcome guests and be able to indicate all tips of the area, the best restaurant addresses and nightlife/cultural scenes. I speak English, Spanish, Italian and Portuguese. Will welcome guests personall"
30973	85 m2 refait à neuf à Barbès, à deux minutes du Sacré Cœur, proche gare du nord, gare de l'Est, desservi par les lignes 4 et 2 du métro. Quartier adorable et populaire. En prime superbe vue sur le Sacré Cœur depuis le salon. Idéal famille. Very nice and popular neighborhood. A great description is provided there : (website hidden)_r=2 L'appartement est à deux pas du métro Barbès-Rochechouart, sur les lignes 2 et 4.	Brand new flat 85m2 in Barbès, 2' from Sacré Coeur, close to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, on metro lines 2 and 4. Nice and popular area.  Great view on the Sacré Coeur from the living room and the parental room.    Very nice and popular neighborhood. A great description is provided there : (website hidden)_r=2 The apartment is on metro lines 2 and 4.
30974	All equipped flat: - Iron machine - Real oven, hob, micro-wave, toaster, raclette, kettle - Fridge and wine wault - Washing machine - Computer, HD TV, Bluetooth speaker, home cinema, DVD player and very fast internet connection	Nice flat, renewed and all equipped Direct access from CDG and Roissy airport via RER B 5 min walking from Gare du Nord 2 min from metro line 2 (direct access to the Champs Elysées) Indian district colorful and friendly. Very calm at night All equipped flat: - Iron machine - Real oven, hob, micro-wave, toaster, raclette, kettle - Fridge and wine wault - Washing machine - Computer, HD TV, Bluetooth speaker, home cinema, DVD player and very fast internet connection CDG airport: direct access with RER B Gare du Nord: 5 minutes walking La Chapelle metro line 2: 1 minute walking Direct access to Charles de Gaulle Etoile (Champs Elysée, Arc de Triomphe etc.) Animated and friendly neighborhood during the day very calm at night Close to Montmartre and Canal Saint Martin In the very close neighborhood you will: - Supermarket - Pharmacy - Bakery - Post office Airport Train (RER, TGV…) Metro line 2 If necessary I can provide towel, linen and breakfast
30975		C'est un appartement de 32 m2 idéal pour 3 personnes. A 10 min du Sacré-Coeur et du marché aux puces. simple, calme et agréable. Parquet en chêne et équipements de qualité rendront votre séjour confortable. Un lit double et matelas 1 place.
30976		You will find many original bars and restaurants around the district and people are always willing to help if needed. Simple home with good vibrations, singles couples and young families will feel at ease !
30977	The flat can accommodate four guests, just perfect for a family or friends.  You'll appreciate the space (613 sq ft) of this very french and typical apartment; 2 spacious bedrooms, independent kitchen, living room with table for 4 people and big counch (very luminous the morning until 14pm) We also provide all the bed linen, bath linen, home ware and dinning ware.  There is also free wireless Internet, television with cable and netflix, bluetooth speaker Sleeping : max 4 guests  2 King beds 160cm x 200cm You will have access to the complete apartment.  The building is on the South side of the Montmartre. The apartment is located near the Moulin Rouge (0,6 miles), 2 miles from the Sacre- Coeur. It is close to several metro stations Blanche(2 min), Pigalle and Place de Clichy as well as bus lines to get you anywhere in Paris.	Enjoy the real Paris in heart of Montmartre, near the Moulin Rouge , Pigalle Sacre Coeur and all the trendy area around.  This charming 3 rooms flat is located between the Moulin Rouge and the place des Abbesses ; in the very heart of the Montmartre The flat can accommodate four guests, just perfect for a family or friends.  You'll appreciate the space (613 sq ft) of this very french and typical apartment; 2 spacious bedrooms, independent kitchen, living room with table for 4 people and big counch (very luminous the morning until 14pm) We also provide all the bed linen, bath linen, home ware and dinning ware.  There is also free wireless Internet, television with cable and netflix, bluetooth speaker Sleeping : max 4 guests  2 King beds 160cm x 200cm You will have access to the complete apartment.  The building is on the South side of the Montmartre. The apartment is located near the Moulin Rouge (0,6 miles), 2 miles from the Sacre- Coeur. It is close to several metro stations Blanche(2
30978	Small ( 100 sq ft) and cosy you will find everything you need to discover Paris and the historic Montmartre ! The building is in work but the flat was totally renovated .	"Welcome in a small and sweet flat at the heart of Montmartre ! With everything you need (towels,furnitures, wash machine,  complete dishes...) let me make the specialist of Paris ! Good restaurants, new exhibition....small but perfect!  Small ( 100 sq ft) and cosy you will find everything you need to discover Paris and the historic Montmartre ! The building is in work but the flat was totally renovated . all the flat will be for you! You can use ligne 4 and 12: jules joffrin station close to the famous ""rue du poteau"" I'll be there to wish you a good Journey at the beginning and the end.  deally nestled at the base of the Butte Montmartre, right next to the town hall of the 18th arrondissement, the Hôtel Eden Montmartre is located at the heart of one of Paris’ most picturesque areas.   It is an excellent departure point for walks around the « Paris of the artists ». The multiple tourist attractions (Place du Tertre, Sacré-Coeur Basilica, Moulin Rouge, the famous flea market, etc.) test"
30979	Independent room with adjacent bathroom on the first floor of a heritage building - it's an easy walk up with an elevator. The room is next to a charming living room with a fully equipped open kitchen for easy cooking. The living room can accommodate two more people. The windows are North oriented with lovely day light and view on the gardens of the Moulin de la Galette. With wooden parquet everywhere, the apartment is a fusion of old French charm and Indian decor. 	Located on a famous street of Montmartre (and home of Van Gogh), our cozy apartment (comfortable for 2/3 people) sits on top of a hill in front of a windmill called Moulin de la Galette.  Independent room with adjacent bathroom on the first floor of a heritage building - it's an easy walk up with an elevator. The room is next to a charming living room with a fully equipped open kitchen for easy cooking. The living room can accommodate two more people. The windows are North oriented with lovely day light and view on the gardens of the Moulin de la Galette. With wooden parquet everywhere, the apartment is a fusion of old French charm and Indian decor.  The bedroom is fully furnished with a double bed, a cupboard, a writing desk - with a heater and a fan. There is a bookshelf for your usage - the bathroom is fully equipped (washing machine and heater). The living room is also fully furnished, has Cable TV, and WiFi, bookshelves with books you may borrow. It also has a divan for two. The w
30980		3 pièces refait entièrement à neuf composé d'un grand séjour, d'une cuisine séparée, d'une salle de bain et de deux chambres. Seule une des deux chambres est disponible à la location.
30981	On the 4th floor, a warmly decorated flat, with a mix of wood and red colors. Modern furniture and old ones typically French . The apartment consists of a main living room with a sitting area and a dining area. The kitchen is open to the living room . The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge , freezer , dishwasher , stove, oven , microwave , toaster and kettle. The bathroom with shower and basin , washing machine & dryer and hair dryer. The room with a double bed and a large dressing room . 	Stay in the heart of the 18th , in a comfortable and tastefully decorated apartment . Guests can visit the district of Montmartre : Basilic du Sacré Coeur, vineyards, the Halles Saint Pierre ... Paris is yours! On the 4th floor, a warmly decorated flat, with a mix of wood and red colors. Modern furniture and old ones typically French . The apartment consists of a main living room with a sitting area and a dining area. The kitchen is open to the living room . The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge , freezer , dishwasher , stove, oven , microwave , toaster and kettle. The bathroom with shower and basin , washing machine & dryer and hair dryer. The room with a double bed and a large dressing room . All linen is provided , beds are also ready for your arrival. Your concierge welcomes you and remains available throughout the entire stay  Your concierge also offers services as an option and on request : airport transfer, private driver , personal shopper , full fridge upon your arrival, b
30982	Respectez les lieux, le mobilier et les voisins	Large apartment in a lively district of the 18th. Retail, restaurant, trendy places very close. Large living room (TV, wifi) with bar and open kitchen. 1 large bedroom with king size bed (extra bed 2 places). Long balcony, large walk-in shower. Le quartier du 18eme est très vivant et multiculturel. On trouve de tout et on est jamais déçu :)) metro 4 et 12 (marcadet poissonier, jules joffrin), bus
30983	L'appartement est constitué d'une entrée de 8m², d'une salle de bain de 9m² avec toilettes séparées, d'une cuisine/salle à manger de 12m²(lave vaisselle, plaque de cuisson, frigidaire, cafetière Nespresso), d'une chambre de 14m² avec lit double (1,40m x 2m) et télévision par cable, d'une chambre de 16m² avec télévision. The apartment consists of an entrance of 8sqm, a bathroom 9sqm with separate toilets, a kitchen/dining room of 12sqm (dishwasher, hob, fridge, Nespresso coffee machine), a room 14sqm with double bed (1,40m x 2m) and cable TV, a 16sqm room with TNT TV.	"Cet appartement est situé à 5mn à pied de la basilique Saint Pierre de Montmartre et à 15mn du centre de Paris (Notre-Dame) par métro direct. Il est situé au premier étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien de 1870. Interphone et digicode. L'appartement est constitué d'une entrée de 8m², d'une salle de bain de 9m² avec toilettes séparées, d'une cuisine/salle à manger de 12m²(lave vaisselle, plaque de cuisson, frigidaire, cafetière Nespresso), d'une chambre de 14m² avec lit double (1,40m x 2m) et télévision par cable, d'une chambre de 16m² avec télévision. The apartment consists of an entrance of 8sqm, a bathroom 9sqm with separate toilets, a kitchen/dining room of 12sqm (dishwasher, hob, fridge, Nespresso coffee machine), a room 14sqm with double bed (1,40m x 2m) and cable TV, a 16sqm room with TNT TV. Vous aurez accès à la totalité de l'appartement décrit dans la section ""Le logement"". Guests have access to all of the apartment described in the section ""Housing"". Vin, fromage et pain de bienv"
30984	This enormous flat  on Montmartre, is located in the center of artistic life and on the highest point of Paris. You are living on the place du Tertre with its many artists setting up their easels each day for the tourists.  On the first floor without elevator, this spacious 79m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and a lot of space!  The living room is very comfortable there is a sofa, armchairs, a little table, TV as well as the dinner table. Big windows all along the walls make it bright and give an amazing view on the Place du Tertre. American kitchen is fully equiped with a fridge, cofee machine, toaster, cooker, oven, washing machine and so on.  There are 3 bedrooms,  first one is with a double bed and a big wardrobe for all your clothes; second one is with a single bed and different shelfs for your things, last one is also with a double bed.  It can accommodate 5 persons. There are two bathrooms, first one is  with a shower and separated toilet, second one is with a bath	This enormous flat  on Montmartre, is located in the center of artistic life and on the highest point of Paris. You are living on the place du Tertre with its many artists setting up their easels each day for the tourists.  This enormous flat  on Montmartre, is located in the center of artistic life and on the highest point of Paris. You are living on the place du Tertre with its many artists setting up their easels each day for the tourists.  On the first floor without elevator, this spacious 79m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and a lot of space!  The living room is very comfortable there is a sofa, armchairs, a little table, TV as well as the dinner table. Big windows all along the walls make it bright and give an amazing view on the Place du Tertre. American kitchen is fully equiped with a fridge, cofee machine, toaster, cooker, oven, washing machine and so on.  There are 3 bedrooms,  first one is with a double bed and a big wardrobe for all your clothes; second one is
30985	Prestation luxueuse : appartement conçu par un architecte (grands volumes, verrière, grande salle de bain avec balnéo...), très beaux matériaux (sol en teck, chêne, pierre et verre...). Coup de cœur assuré.	Prestation luxueuse : appartement conçu par un architecte (grands volumes, verrière, grande salle de bain avec balnéo...), très beaux matériaux (sol en teck, chêne, pierre et verre...). Coup de cœur assuré. Les plus : - au pied de Montmartre, - proche de toutes commodités (plusieurs supermarchés dans la rue, rue commerçante typiquement parisienne à moins de 5 minutes, nombreux restaurants et bars à proximité, cinémas, théâtres...), Métro (ligne 13) et arrêts de bus (lignes 54, 74, 81) à moins d'une minute.
30986	Il est au 4ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur) sur cour ce qui lui confère un très grand calme. Au premier niveau : un séjour très lumineux (exposition sud-ouest, grande hauteur sous plafond), une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, toute équipée (réfrigérateur , lave-vaisselle, four traditionnel et four à micro-ondes, plaques, grille-pain, machine nespresso), une salle de bain, un WC et une buanderie (machine à laver, sèche linge, étendoir). Au deuxième niveau : une chambre (lit confortable de 160 X 200), une grande mezzanine (avec couchage pour 2 possible), une salle de douche et un WC. Il est également équipé d’un téléviseur et d’un accès wifi gratuit, de draps, couettes, oreillers, serviettes de toilette, ustensiles de cuisine et vaisselles.	Situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, dans un quartier agréable, vivant et commerçant,  ce loft-duplex de 70 m² mêle l’esprit de l’architecture et du design moderne à l’esprit brocante. Cet appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes.  Il est au 4ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur) sur cour ce qui lui confère un très grand calme. Au premier niveau : un séjour très lumineux (exposition sud-ouest, grande hauteur sous plafond), une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, toute équipée (réfrigérateur , lave-vaisselle, four traditionnel et four à micro-ondes, plaques, grille-pain, machine nespresso), une salle de bain, un WC et une buanderie (machine à laver, sèche linge, étendoir). Au deuxième niveau : une chambre (lit confortable de 160 X 200), une grande mezzanine (avec couchage pour 2 possible), une salle de douche et un WC. Il est également équipé d’un téléviseur et d’un accès wifi gratuit, de draps, couettes, oreillers, serviettes de toilette, ustensiles de cuisine et vaisselles. Les stations et
30987	"Shinny and luminous flat, 4th floor, not overlooked.  - Living room of 22m2, with a diner table, tv, couch (convertible sofa bed for two person), and a view on ""Le Sacré Coeur"" if you lean a little. - One room with a double bed - Full fitted kitchen - Bathroom and toilets --> One room not available and reserved to host"	"Calm, shinny and luminous apartment (61m2) in Barbès, a changing neighbourhood. Nice living room, with convertible sofa, and one room with a double bed 5 minutes to Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre), 10 minutes to Martyrs, Trudaine, Pigalle. Shinny and luminous flat, 4th floor, not overlooked.  - Living room of 22m2, with a diner table, tv, couch (convertible sofa bed for two person), and a view on ""Le Sacré Coeur"" if you lean a little. - One room with a double bed - Full fitted kitchen - Bathroom and toilets --> One room not available and reserved to host - TV cable - Playstation 3 / DVD and Blu-Ray player - Wifi - Fitted kitchen : refrigerator, micro-wave, washing machine, coffee and tea machine Quite area, at 5min to ""Le sacré Coeur"" and 10 from fancy and cool area such as Pigalle, Rue des Martyrs, Avenue Trudaine Metro line 2 and 4, station ""Barbès - Rochechouart"""
30988	The property is easily accessible from 3 metro stations close to the apartment. The area is very quiet, you will not hear any noise and can sleep soundly. You have no opposite and in the heart of Montmartre. With an area of 43 m2 you will have plenty of space for 4 people with a large bedroom and a double bed 180. The sofa bed is very nice and comfortable, we slept very well there, it often happens to me I fall asleep in front of a movie :). A large wardrobe available will allow you to store your luggage for you to feel at home during your stay.	Located in the heart of Montmartre, discover this beautiful and charming apartment 2 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur !  The property is easily accessible from 3 metro stations close to the apartment. The area is very quiet, you will not hear any noise and can sleep soundly. You have no opposite and in the heart of Montmartre. With an area of 43 m2 you will have plenty of space for 4 people with a large bedroom and a double bed 180. The sofa bed is very nice and comfortable, we slept very well there, it often happens to me I fall asleep in front of a movie :). A large wardrobe available will allow you to store your luggage for you to feel at home during your stay. You will have access to the maximum service to feel perfectly at home. Towels, sheets, pillowcases, tea towels are provided. The kitchen is equipped with many services, washing machine, large fridge, freezer, coffee machine nespresso (+ capsules), oven, toaster, kettle .. In addition, you will have access to the internet BOX
30989	A quiet and restfull 2 rooms flat with a lovely (website hidden), kitchen, internet access. Done up like new in 2009 and maintained since then. The spacious yard is not a personal garden but seems like : many flowers and little trees.	"A nice and quiet (email hidden) by feet from Montmartre, ideal to rest after a day in Paris, its museums, streets, shops. A typical parisian spot to live in with its cafés, restaurants and parisian little food specialized shops. Metro very close A quiet and restfull 2 rooms flat with a lovely (website hidden), kitchen, internet access. Done up like new in 2009 and maintained since then. The spacious yard is not a personal garden but seems like : many flowers and little trees. All the appartment. Exchange by email or whatsapp. A typical parisian spot with bakery, cheese shop, meat shop, fishes shop, supermarkets...cafés, restaurants... Montmartre (email hidden) by feet and Paris center at 15mn by metro. The ""Bon Marché"" is at Sèvres Babylone Station (20mn) and the ""Galeries Lafayette"" at Saint Lazare station (10mn). jules joffrin station line 12 or simplon station line 4. Many buses too : 80, 31, 85 (direct to St Michel and Luxembourg park...)"
30990	L'apparteme,	Great flat (70m²) with a balcony and nice views on parisian buildings. Two metro stations are nearby which is very convenient for visiting Paris. Montmarte is only 10 min away. The flat is located just next to a market and parisian coffees.
30991	This beautiful 2 rooms of 30m ² is located in the 18th arrondissement. 3rd floor without elevator, the apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. The lounge is located on the street side. It is furnished with a sofa-bed for 2 persons, a coffee table, a dining table, 4 chairs, a flat screen TV, a DVD player, and an Internet connection via WiFi and adsl.   A modern kitchen with 4 hotplates, refrigerator, freezer, oven, microwave, electric kettle, a coffee maker, a toaster, and all necessary dishes during your stay.   The room is furnished with a double bed (140 * 190) and a large closet. The bathroom, accessible by the room for privacy and features a walk-in shower, washbasin with mirror, a hair dryer, a heated towel rail, Toilet are at the entrance of the apartment. The towels and linen are provided. Heating Separate electric. The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, and cleaning on departure) The apartment is very well located, you have two metro stations nearby, you access to all the 	This beautiful 2 rooms of 30m ² is located in the 18th arrondissement. 3rd floor without elevator, the apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. The lounge is located on the street side. It is furnished with a sofa-bed for 2 persons, a coffee table, a dining table, 4 chairs, a flat screen TV, a DVD player, and an Internet connection via WiFi and adsl.   A modern kitchen with 4 hotplates, refrigerator, freezer, oven, microwave, electric kettle, a coffee maker, a toaster, and all necessary dishes during your stay.   The room is furnished with a double bed (140 * 190) and a large closet. The bathroom, accessible by the room for privacy and features a walk-in shower, washbasin with mirror, a hair dryer, a heated towel rail, Toilet are at the entrance of the apartment. The towels and linen are provided. Heating Separate electric. The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, and cleaning on departure) The apartment is very well located, you have two metro stations nearby, you access to all the 
30992		A cosy 2 bedrooms flat, 10 min walks from Montmartre, close to subway station and all commodities
30993	The flat quite small (27m2) is definitily confortable and intimate. Very well organised with its corridor separating the main room and the kitchenette and bathroom area. An ideal place to rest after having walked up and down Paris.   	"Right at the foot of the ""Butte Montmartre"" where the majestic Sacré Cœur "" sits, you will be right inthe heart of Montmartre village, where Amelie Poulain grew old...   The flat quite small (27m2) is definitily confortable and intimate. Very well organised with its corridor separating the main room and the kitchenette and bathroom area. An ideal place to rest after having walked up and down Paris.   Fourth floor (without a lift but to appreciate Montmartre you need to appreciate its numerous stairways!) with a lovely south and east exposure. We can discuss the check-in and out hours if needed.   When you arrive I will be there to welcome you and give you all my best restaurant, café and boutique adresses around the flat and in Paris. Do we really need to talk about famous Montmartre !     Nearest métro stations :  Anvers Line 2 Abesses Line 12 Barbes Rochechouart Line 2 and 4.   Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est are on Line 4 10' from Barbes Rochechouart.   From Abesses Line 12 you are r"
30994	Enjoy a great stay in the heart of two wondered district of Paris. The apartment is located in a little street between place Pigalle and place des Abesses in Montmartre. All kind of restaurants, bar, shops, museums, concert venue... The apartment's got one room and one bedroom, and two little balconies to enjoy breakfast or dinner on Paris's roofs (with elevator !) Public transit in front of the building entrance! Unique place! 	Enjoy a great stay in the heart of two wondered district of Paris. The apartment is located in a little street between place Pigalle and place des Abesses in Montmartre. All kind of restaurants, bar, shops, museums, concert venue... The apartment's g Enjoy a great stay in the heart of two wondered district of Paris. The apartment is located in a little street between place Pigalle and place des Abesses in Montmartre. All kind of restaurants, bar, shops, museums, concert venue... The apartment's got one room and one bedroom, and two little balconies to enjoy breakfast or dinner on Paris's roofs (with elevator !) Public transit in front of the building entrance! Unique place! 
30995		Super 2 pièces, pratique, au pied du métro Simplon, à 10 minutes du Sacré coeur. Salon avec cuisine ouverte, chambre séparée, fonctionnel, tout confort
30996		Chambre pour deux très bien située, cuisine/salle-à-manger conviviale et disponible, machine Nespresso, salle-de-bain avec machine à laver. Accès métros lignes 2, 12 et 13 et nombreuses lignes de bus.
30997	Entièrement refait à neuf et décoré dans un style scandinave c'est un parfait cocon pour amoureux. En bas les commerces et les bars sont nombreux ce qui rend la nuit très attractive. Malgré tout l'appartement est très calme et on peu même entendre tôt le matin les oiseaux chanter.	"On the top of an old haussmannien flat in the heart of Montmartre with a fantastic view on the ""Sacré coeur"". Let's enjoy the terrace to have a trip in the most romantic neighborhood of Paris."
30998	Incredibly quiet though set in a very lively area,  our place is really perfect for Paris visitors. it Is on the 4th floor of a building remote from the street turmoil. It is basically composed of two main rooms : - the living room, on which opens the kitchen, small but functional.  - the bedroom, with à nice bed, and the adjoining bathroom. 	Very quiet and sunny 30m2 flat set in a very charming area, 2 minutes from Le Sacré Coeur. Very near to the underground station Lamarck Calaincourt. Perfect for a couple with one child under 3. Incredibly quiet though set in a very lively area,  our place is really perfect for Paris visitors. it Is on the 4th floor of a building remote from the street turmoil. It is basically composed of two main rooms : - the living room, on which opens the kitchen, small but functional.  - the bedroom, with à nice bed, and the adjoining bathroom. 
30999	Secure housing with double entrance, caretaker and lift.  Balcony overlooking quiet green space. Easily accessible and conveniently located in a picturesque and quiet area. Well connected by metro and bus. 10 minutes from Gare du Nord, line 12, three metro stations from Montmartre, one station from the Stade de France. You can play the piano.	Apartment renovated, located in a charming neighborhood, with its wonderful small market open every day, its pedestrian streets and bars / restaurants always lively. 2 steps from Montmartre, line 12 (Louvre, Champs Elysées) Secure housing with double entrance, caretaker and lift.  Balcony overlooking quiet green space. Easily accessible and conveniently located in a picturesque and quiet area. Well connected by metro and bus. 10 minutes from Gare du Nord, line 12, three metro stations from Montmartre, one station from the Stade de France. You can play the piano. Charming neighborhood next to the pedestrian street of the Olive, excellent restaurants and trendy bars, market open all week. Metro Marx Dormoy, line 12.
31000	40 mètres carrés avec une cuisine toute équipée, une très grande pièce à vivre, une chambre et une salle de bain.  40 square meter appartement, with a great living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a sleeping room. 	40 mètres carrés avec une cuisine toute équipée, une très grande pièce à vivre, une chambre et une salle de bain.  40 square meter appartement, with a great living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a sleeping room.  Marx Dormoy, line 12: 2min walk  La Chapelle, line 2, 7min walk 10min from Montmartre.  Wifi  Blue Ray Xbox One  Netflix  Oven Washing machine  Towels  Sheets 
31001	Situé au nord de Paris, à 10 minutes de la Gare du Nord et de Montmartre, à 15 minutes à pied du Canal St Martin, dans un quartier vivant et populaire, l'appartement, au 2ème étage d'un immeuble pierre de taille, dans le pur style parisien, dispose de parquets et moulures et a été entièrement rénové en 2013. Confortable et cosy, il jouit d'une double-exposition (sud-nord).  Il se compose d'une petite entrée, une chambre lit double avec un grand placard, d'une cuisine toute équipée, d'une salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne et wc, le tout donnant sur cour, et d'un salon avec coin salle à manger, donnant sur rue. Chaque pièce dispose d'une fenêtre. Équipement intérieur:   Draps et serviettes fournies, séchoir cheveux, grille pain, four traditionnel, 4 plaques à induction, bouilloire, cafetière, machine à laver le linge.    Nombreux commerces à proximité ainsi qu'un marché ouvert tous les jours, entouré de petits cafés terrasse, à 5 minutes à pied de la maison.  A 3 minutes, trois sta	Appartement 2 pièces de charme, typiquement parisien de 30m2, proche Gare du Nord et Canal St Martin. Situé au nord de Paris, à 10 minutes de la Gare du Nord et de Montmartre, à 15 minutes à pied du Canal St Martin, dans un quartier vivant et populaire, l'appartement, au 2ème étage d'un immeuble pierre de taille, dans le pur style parisien, dispose de parquets et moulures et a été entièrement rénové en 2013. Confortable et cosy, il jouit d'une double-exposition (sud-nord).  Il se compose d'une petite entrée, une chambre lit double avec un grand placard, d'une cuisine toute équipée, d'une salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne et wc, le tout donnant sur cour, et d'un salon avec coin salle à manger, donnant sur rue. Chaque pièce dispose d'une fenêtre. Équipement intérieur:   Draps et serviettes fournies, séchoir cheveux, grille pain, four traditionnel, 4 plaques à induction, bouilloire, cafetière, machine à laver le linge.    Nombreux commerces à proximité ainsi qu'un marché ouvert tous
31002	Superbe appartement à quelques minutes à pied de Montmartre. Il possède un balcon filant tout autour de l'appartement, et accessible depuis le salon, la chambre ou la salle de bain. Un vrai bol d'air frais en plein Paris. Totalement équipé, vous ne manquerez de rien (TV par câble, Wifi, machine à laver, lave vaisselle). 	Superbe appartement près de Montmartre avec balcon filant. Prenez votre petit déjeuner sous le soleil parisien ou prenez l'apéritif, avant d'aller vous ballader dans Montmartre, à quelques minutes à pied. Idéalement desservi par les lignes 4 et 12. Superbe appartement à quelques minutes à pied de Montmartre. Il possède un balcon filant tout autour de l'appartement, et accessible depuis le salon, la chambre ou la salle de bain. Un vrai bol d'air frais en plein Paris. Totalement équipé, vous ne manquerez de rien (TV par câble, Wifi, machine à laver, lave vaisselle). Les voyageurs ont accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement. Un document de bienvenue sera envoyé aux locataires pour leur donner des conseils lors de leur séjour. Je serai également à disposition des locataires pour toute demande ou conseil. Quartier très vivant, plein de charme, à 5 minutes à pied de tous les commerces du quartier Jules Joffrin. A quelques minutes à pied de Montmartre, vous êtes dans la partie la plus authenti
31003	Charmant appartement de 35m2 avec balcon et une belle chambre, ideal pour un couple.  Situé à 10 minutes à pied de la butte Montmatre ( sacré coeur ) et à 5 minutes du célèbre marché aux puces. 	Appartement lumineux, 5e étage avec balcon... très  agréable à vivre avec une chambre (lit 2 places), un séjour, une cuisine ouverte équipée et une salle de bain. Charmant appartement de 35m2 avec balcon et une belle chambre, ideal pour un couple.  Situé à 10 minutes à pied de la butte Montmatre ( sacré coeur ) et à 5 minutes du célèbre marché aux puces. L'appartement est équipé de tous le confort nécessaire: Accès wifi, TV, imprimante... Cuisine entièrement équipée: frigo, lave linge, machine à  café, four, micro-onde... Seviettes, sèche cheveux et fer à repasser. Toutes les informations seront fournies aux voyageurs à  leur arrivée. Je serai à 15 minutes de l'appartement donc disponible en cas de besoin. Le quartier est tres bien fournis en commodités: supermarchés, Bars et brasseries, le marché  du poteau, primeurs, pressing, boulangeries, cavistes, marché aux puces, tabac... Station Mairie du 18e/ jules joffrin  (7 mn à  pied): ligne 12 bus: 95,80,31 STation porte de clignancourt (
31004		Situé au pied du sacré coeur, ce charmant deux pièces retro est ideal pour un séjour dans la capitale. Le quartier est animé et chic, entouré de petits commerces et de restaurants conviviaux. Métro 12, lamarck caulaincourt  Bus
31005	Studio de 18m2 situé au 7ème étage (deux ascenseurs) d'un immeuble très bien entretenu.  Il se trouve à 150m du métro La Fourche et de plusieurs stations de bus et Velib' et à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre, Pigalle et du Moulin Rouge. Balcon. Lit deux places. Kitchenette équipée. Salle de bain - WC. Accès internet gratuit. Draps+serviettes.   	Studio de 18m2 situé au 7ème étage (deux ascenseurs) d'un immeuble très bien entretenu.  Il se trouve à 150m du métro La Fourche et de plusieurs stations de bus et Velib' et à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre, Pigalle et du Moulin Rouge. Balcon. Lit deux places. Kitchenette équipée. Salle de bain - WC. Accès internet gratuit. Draps+serviettes.   
31006	VERY QUIET IN A SAFE AREA   Dans un endroit sécurisé et touristique 	VERY QUIET IN A SAFE AREA   Dans un endroit sécurisé et touristique comprehensive INDEPENDENT ROOM with shower room inside our modern flat  Continental Breakfast  included Chambre totalement indépendante avec Salle d'eau. Le petit déjeuner continental inclus we do speak english  and we experienced travelling around the world we do love to share experiences this si a lovely area so close to Sacre Coeur with all public transportation nearby at 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord largest train station in Europe A 5 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur et 10 minutes  à pied de la gare du Nord  Taxis buses ( (phone number hidden)) metro ( subway) Line 2 ( towards Champs Elysées) and 4 crossing Paris from North to South Train Gare du Nord ( direct connection with CDG Airport)
31007	Ideal apartment for a couple, located in one of the most famous place of Paris-on Montmartre 	Ideal apartment for a couple, located in one of the most famous place of Paris-on Montmartre  The guests will have access to the entire apartment, the kitchen is fully equipped. In the apartment there is a washing machine. Free WIFI and cable television.  I am always at disposition of my guests, they can contact me at any time
31008	You occupy the bedroom, I live in the living room. I prefer to rent to women. My flat is located  very next to the Subway station Marcadet-Poissonniers (10 meters). It's a typical parisian flat, 38 square meters, with wood floor, woodwork, fireplaces (no use). Real kitchen with window, bathroom (little bathtube),  closets (window).  One big bed in bedroom, and a double sofa bed in the living room. The windows of the bedroom and living room see on the courtyard (very clean), so there's no view on the city (only from the kitchen). But it's very quiet (of course, you might here sometimes the neighbours kids, but they are nice).  The building is very nice and clean, with entry code, interphone (you will have a pass). The flat is in the second building in the courtyard.  Please note that the painting of the staircase is very old and needs to be refreshed. I'm sorry for that. But the apartment painting is clean. Also I live at the 5th floor without lift.	Private bedroom in charming 38 m2 flat, very quiet, on courtyard. I accept only women. Multi-cultural working-class area. 5th floor without lift. 15 min from Montmartre. I sleep on the sofa in the living room. We share the kitchen, bathroom. You occupy the bedroom, I live in the living room. I prefer to rent to women. My flat is located  very next to the Subway station Marcadet-Poissonniers (10 meters). It's a typical parisian flat, 38 square meters, with wood floor, woodwork, fireplaces (no use). Real kitchen with window, bathroom (little bathtube),  closets (window).  One big bed in bedroom, and a double sofa bed in the living room. The windows of the bedroom and living room see on the courtyard (very clean), so there's no view on the city (only from the kitchen). But it's very quiet (of course, you might here sometimes the neighbours kids, but they are nice).  The building is very nice and clean, with entry code, interphone (you will have a pass). The flat is in the second building 
31009	Studio parisien, dans passage sécurisé, rue pavée, situé en face du café d'Amélie Poulain, proche des commerces et activités touristiques (Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Bateau Lavoir, etc.) /  Parisian studio in safe passage, paved street, located in front of Amelie Poulain café, close to shops and touristic activities (Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Bateau Lavoir.)	Situé en face du Café d'Amélie Poulain. Proche des commerces, cafés, restaurants, le Moulin rouge, l'Eglise du Sacré coeur. Studio situé au Rez de Chaussée dans un passage privé au calme et a l'abris du bruit de la circulation. Metro à 3 mn à pied. Studio parisien, dans passage sécurisé, rue pavée, situé en face du café d'Amélie Poulain, proche des commerces et activités touristiques (Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Bateau Lavoir, etc.) /  Parisian studio in safe passage, paved street, located in front of Amelie Poulain café, close to shops and touristic activities (Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Bateau Lavoir.) Tous commerces : épiceries fines, supermarchés, restaurants, brasseries, boulangeries, activités touristiques, métro (L2 et L12), Butte Montmartre, vélib etc. /  Shops: delicatessens grocery stores, supermarkets, restaurants, pubs, bakeries, tourism activities subway (L2 and L12), Montmartre, vélib bicycle  etc. Je suis disponible pour accueillir les voyageurs ainsi que pour leur fourni
31010		One bedroom apartment. 1880 traditional parisian building in the heart of the 18th in montmartre, Paris, the most amazing attracting and charming district. 5 mn from the sacré cœur, 1 mn from subway station. The district is vibrating but the streets upon the room and living room are very quiet.
31011	TRES AGREABLE	STUDIO SITUÉ AU PIED DU SACRÉ COEUR A MONTMARTRE. REFAIT A NEUF,IL EST SITUE EN RDC SUR COUR TRES CALME COMPOSE D'UNE CUISINE EQUIPEE , SALLE D'EAU TOUT CARRELE AVEC BAC A DOUCHE ITALIENNE TOILETTE SUSPENDU... MUR EN PIERRE DE TAILLE,PARQUET TRES AGREABLE LOGEMENT SITUE SUR COUR D IMMEUBLE AVEC SYSTEME DE FERMETURE PAR VOLET ELECTRIQUES IDEALEMENT SITUÉ QUARTIER CHARMANT ET ATTRAYANT METRO ABBESSES , ANVERS , ROME...
31012	Charmant et très lumineux appartement à 10 mn à pieds de la butte Montmartre. Balcon ensoleillé avec magnifique vue très dégagée. Logement entièrement équipé. Cuisine disposant d'un grand réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave vaisselle, lave linge, four et plaques induction, vaisselle et matériel de cuisine. Barbecue. Grande table à manger. Internet illimité sans fil. Chaînes tv disponibles sur video-projecteur (moins efficace de jour que de nuit si volets ouverts). Système audio avec branchement jack (compatible téléphone, ordinateur et autres..). Salle de bain équipée d'une baignoire. Jeux de société à disposition des locataires. Piano et guitare, pour les amateurs de musique. Le logement dispose également d'un parking automobile fermé et individuel, qui vous permettra de garer votre voiture, scooter ou vélo gratuitement, en toute sécurité et sans problème de disponibilité. Proche métro lignes 4, 13 et 12 avec accès au centre de Paris en 15 mn. Champs-Elysées, Saint Michel Notre Dame, Piga	Calme et très lumineux 2 pièces de 50m2 à 10 mn à pieds de Montmartre, entièrement équipé, doté d'un magnifique balcon fleuri avec vue dégagée.  Accès au centre de Paris en 15 mn. Parking fermé individuel. Accès handicapés. Proche tous commerces. Charmant et très lumineux appartement à 10 mn à pieds de la butte Montmartre. Balcon ensoleillé avec magnifique vue très dégagée. Logement entièrement équipé. Cuisine disposant d'un grand réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave vaisselle, lave linge, four et plaques induction, vaisselle et matériel de cuisine. Barbecue. Grande table à manger. Internet illimité sans fil. Chaînes tv disponibles sur video-projecteur (moins efficace de jour que de nuit si volets ouverts). Système audio avec branchement jack (compatible téléphone, ordinateur et autres..). Salle de bain équipée d'une baignoire. Jeux de société à disposition des locataires. Piano et guitare, pour les amateurs de musique. Le logement dispose également d'un parking automobile fermé et individu
31013	Immeuble calme, appartement lumineux tout confort. Une chambre avec un lit double et un salon avec un canapé lit 2 places de bonne qualité.  Vous pourrez profiter de la cuisine séparée pour vous cuisiner des bons produits trouvés dans le quartier.   	Apartment 40m² in a popular area close to the Sacré Coeur, Montmartre and the flea market in Clignancourt. All shops, bars, restaurants and a market nearby! Close to 2 lines of Metros (4/12)
31014	Vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vous faut : Dans le salon :  - Un canapé-lit confortable - Une télé avec le cable Dans la cuisine : -Un micro-onde -Un four -Des plaques électriques -Une machine à café Nespresso -Tout le nécéssaire pour faire la cuisine 	Vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vous faut : Dans le salon :  - Un canapé-lit confortable - Une télé avec le cable Dans la cuisine : -Un micro-onde -Un four -Des plaques électriques -Une machine à café Nespresso -Tout le nécéssaire pour faire la cuisine à côté de la station Marx Dormoy (Ligne 12) 50 mts. 2 min à pied.
31015		Mon studio est neuf, pratique et équipé. il est dans le quartier de la goutte d'or proche de Montmartre, et de la gare du nord (métro la chapelle et Marx Dormoy).
31016	"In the heart of Montmartre, a few steps from the Sacré-Coeur gardens and 5 minutes from the famous metro station ""Abbesses"".  This 12 sqm studio has been recently (2012) renovated and furnished. There is a confortable double sofabed (140*190 cm), equipped kitchenette, shower and toilet (no wash basin in the shower room but water sink in the kitchen).  The equipments: table, tv, microwave oven, fridge, kettle, toaster, iron, cuttlery and tableware. Bedlinen and towels are provided, final cleaning is included.  There are plenty of restaurants (we'll give you the preferred addresses of the moment), terrasses and shops.  It is a perfect mix between a tourist area and the village atmosphere where numerous Parisian stay and like to come to.  The famous ""Théâtre de l'Atelier"" where several movies are shot is at a few meters.  If the location is more important than the size of your accomodation, then this is the perfect place to spend a few days in Paris ! "	"In the heart of Montmartre, a few steps from the Sacré-Coeur gardens and 5 minutes from the famous metro station ""Abbesses"".  This 12 sqm studio has been recently (2012) renovated and furnished. There is a confortable double sofabed (140*190 cm), equipped kitchenette, shower and toilet (no wash basin in the shower room but water sink in the kitchen).  The equipments: table, tv, microwave oven, fridge, kettle, toaster, iron, cuttlery and tableware. Bedlinen and towels are provided, final cleaning is included.  There are plenty of restaurants (we'll give you the preferred addresses of the moment), terrasses and shops.  It is a perfect mix between a tourist area and the village atmosphere where numerous Parisian stay and like to come to.  The famous ""Théâtre de l'Atelier"" where several movies are shot is at a few meters.  If the location is more important than the size of your accomodation, then this is the perfect place to spend a few days in Paris ! "
31017	"Gorgeous two rooms flat very closed to the typical village of Montmartre. Flat completly restaured with beautiful materials as parquet, italian marble, beams, new furniture and new electronic devices. - a living room with american kitchen, TV cable, WIFI - a bedroom with a 140/190 bed  - a bathroom with a big italian shower, a towel warmer, a hair dryer, a new washing machine Miele. - an american kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, a cooker Hood, toaster, a blender, a kettle, an oven with microwave option and induction cooker. SHEETS AND TOWELS PROVIDED. Good surprise you'll find a bakery at the ground floor, perfect for your breakfast! The area of Montmartre is very typical of Paris and full of nice place as the Rosie a bar (Le Rosie 3 Rue Muller 75018 Paris (phone number hidden))  And for clubbing ""le blue"" (12, rue Muller) "	"Gorgeous two rooms flat very closed to the typical village of Montmartre. Flat completly restaured with beautiful materials as parquet, italian marble, beams, new furniture and new electronic devices. - a living room with american kitchen, TV cable, WIFI - a bedroom with a 140/190 bed  - a bathroom with a big italian shower, a towel warmer, a hair dryer, a new washing machine Miele. - an american kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, a cooker Hood, toaster, a blender, a kettle, an oven with microwave option and induction cooker. SHEETS AND TOWELS PROVIDED. Good surprise you'll find a bakery at the ground floor, perfect for your breakfast! The area of Montmartre is very typical of Paris and full of nice place as the Rosie a bar (Le Rosie 3 Rue Muller 75018 Paris (phone number hidden))  And for clubbing ""le blue"" (12, rue Muller) "
31018	Our place is 60 m2 (650 sq feet) in total and is located on the third floor of a 19th-century building overlooking a typical parisian square (no direct opposite!).  About the appartment: Lots of light (4 huge windows facing south, both in the living room and in the bedroom), hardwood floor everywhere, two fireplaces (not in use anymore) and a huge living room (30m2, 320 sq feet) with a casual chic, industrial flavor. Very comfortable sleeper sofa which can convert into a bed for two people, large dining table, TV, very fast internet connection. The bedroom offers a queen bed and can accommodate two more people.	Fantastic 1-bd apartment, 60m2 (650 sq feet), for up to 4 people located in the heart of beautiful Montmartre - one step away from the Sacré Coeur, in one of the very best neighborhood in Paris. Ideal for a couple, families or a group of friends ! Our place is 60 m2 (650 sq feet) in total and is located on the third floor of a 19th-century building overlooking a typical parisian square (no direct opposite!).  About the appartment: Lots of light (4 huge windows facing south, both in the living room and in the bedroom), hardwood floor everywhere, two fireplaces (not in use anymore) and a huge living room (30m2, 320 sq feet) with a casual chic, industrial flavor. Very comfortable sleeper sofa which can convert into a bed for two people, large dining table, TV, very fast internet connection. The bedroom offers a queen bed and can accommodate two more people. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need (washing machine, oven, gas stove, microwave, fridge, toaster, kettle and Nesp
31019	The studio features a large living space with a double bed, a desk, and a small lounge area. Large windows allow you to enjoy the lovely view overlooking the stone houses, typical of the montmarte area. The kitchen is well equipped with everything you need, so that you can cook at home when you aren't out enjoying the local cafes. You'll have access to a stove, refrigerator,  Nescafe coffee machine, and a toaster. Enjoy a bath in the bathtub after long days of visiting Paris! You can access the apartment by the elevator, or by stairs.	Clean, cozy, and charming studio located just above the place du Bateau Lavoir. The apartment has a beautiful view of the houses on the surrounding hills, and features everything you need for a great stay- a double bed, a desk, room to relax, and all of my local recommendations! The studio features a large living space with a double bed, a desk, and a small lounge area. Large windows allow you to enjoy the lovely view overlooking the stone houses, typical of the montmarte area. The kitchen is well equipped with everything you need, so that you can cook at home when you aren't out enjoying the local cafes. You'll have access to a stove, refrigerator,  Nescafe coffee machine, and a toaster. Enjoy a bath in the bathtub after long days of visiting Paris! You can access the apartment by the elevator, or by stairs. The entire studio will be accessible to guests during their stay. I am available as much or as little as you'd like. A Parisian at heart, I'm happy to share my insider tips. I wil
31020	Charming and atypical apartment with 3 rooms of 61m² with a large living room of 33m² with open kitchen, 1 bedroom with a double bed 160 wide, 1 room for a baby or very young child, separate toilet, a bathroom open to the bedroom with walk-in shower. 2 min by walk from the Sacred Heart / Montmartre The apartment is very quiet because it overlooks the courtyard and sunny all day. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, dishwasher, large fridge and freezer, large kitchen worktop, hotplates and washing machine. WiFi - Internet via fiber optics TV 160+ channels via Freebox (French Internet Provider) Video via Full HD projector DVD & Blu-Ray 5.1 Home Cinema System Vinyl Turntable CD/MP3 Player	61m² atypical apartment, 2min walk to Montmartre. Very bright and quiet overlooking courtyard. There is a double bedroom with ensuite bathroom and a baby/young child room, separate toilet, large 33m² living room and an open kitchen. Fully equiped! Charming and atypical apartment with 3 rooms of 61m² with a large living room of 33m² with open kitchen, 1 bedroom with a double bed 160 wide, 1 room for a baby or very young child, separate toilet, a bathroom open to the bedroom with walk-in shower. 2 min by walk from the Sacred Heart / Montmartre The apartment is very quiet because it overlooks the courtyard and sunny all day. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, dishwasher, large fridge and freezer, large kitchen worktop, hotplates and washing machine. WiFi - Internet via fiber optics TV 160+ channels via Freebox (French Internet Provider) Video via Full HD projector DVD & Blu-Ray 5.1 Home Cinema System Vinyl Turntable CD/MP3 Player Full access to the apartment. Not so much because we'
31021		2 pièces (30m2) avec chambre séparée, cuisine équipée et salle de bains et WC. Possibilité de loger 4 personnes (2 dans la chambre à coucher et 2 dans le salon). A 5 minutes à pied de la mairie du 18ème et à 20 minutes de Montmartre et du Sacré Cœur. Quartier très vivant (nombreux commerces, restaurants, cafés et bars). Métro Simplon (ligne 4) à 2 minutes - Accès direct : Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Châtelet, St Michel-Notre Dame, ...  Métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) à 6 minutes - Accès direct : Abbesses (Montmartre), Pigalle, St Lazare, Concorde, Assemblée Nationale, etc.
31022	33m2 or 355ft2 small flat, divided in three adjoining room of 10m2 (108ft2) each. Three windows, courtyard side. There's on bedroom with a double bed and a double mattress in the living room. There's sheets and 2 duvets, towels, extra blankets, wifi, phone, no tv, washing machine, fridge, hot plate, microwave/oven, bathtub, 2 digits code and a key.	"My place is a 33m2 or 355ft2 old flat near Montmartre and Pigalle. I'll be on vacation from the 26th dec to the 11th of January but i can adapt to your trip.  33m2 or 355ft2 small flat, divided in three adjoining room of 10m2 (108ft2) each. Three windows, courtyard side. There's on bedroom with a double bed and a double mattress in the living room. There's sheets and 2 duvets, towels, extra blankets, wifi, phone, no tv, washing machine, fridge, hot plate, microwave/oven, bathtub, 2 digits code and a key. I'll be on vacation, my sister who lives nearby will take care of the residents. she'll have a safe key. Very close to Pigalle and Montmartre. Old buildings. There's a lot of small shops (boulangerie, restaurants, ...) and a big food store (carrefour).  Very close to ""les puces"" if you fancy antiques, vintage clothing, old stuff or very cheap new stuff from china. The subway line 13 is just outside and it's easy to take a cab as well. Parking is challenging. "
31023	This is a 25m2 apartment on the fifth and top floor with a comfortable bedroom with desk and a sunny living room with an open bar kitchen.  It has a convertible couch to accommodate a third person, a fully-equipped kitchen with washing-machine, a small oven, hotplates, kettle, etc.	This charming nest is located in a typical neighbourhood filled with trendy bars, parks and a beautiful marketplace. This is a 25m2 apartment on the fifth and top floor with a comfortable bedroom with desk and a sunny living room with an open bar kitchen.  It has a convertible couch to accommodate a third person, a fully-equipped kitchen with washing-machine, a small oven, hotplates, kettle, etc. The place is 2 minutes away walking from Marx Dormoy subway stop (Train 12). The place is 10 minutes away walking from La Chapelle subway stop (Train 2). Arriving from CDG airport takes approximately 30min to La Chapelle subway stop. Gare du Nord is also directly linked to La Chapelle subway stop. Buses 35, 60 and 65 are also 2 minutes away from the apartment. I'll be in Paris during your stay so do not hesitate to ask me anything to help you. I'll do my best. The apartment is located next to the Olive market place and surrounded by a lively neighborhood with trendy bars and cafés. This unique
31024	Bel appartement calme, meublé, 40m², au 3ème étage avec ascenseur d’une belle résidence sécurisée (2 portes, code, badge, gardien et interphone).	Appartement meublé en location saisonnière dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris. Situé entre Montmartre et le Marché aux Puces. Bel appartement calme, meublé, 40m², au 3ème étage avec ascenseur d’une belle résidence sécurisée (2 portes, code, badge, gardien et interphone). Disponible aux voyageurs : totalité de l’appartement disponible, 1 entrée, 1 salle de bain avec sèche serviette, cuisine équipée séparée (cuisinière, réfrigérateur / congélateur, bouilloire, vaisselle), 1 salon avec canapé lit, 1 chambre séparée avec lit 2 places et dressing, produits ménagés mis à disposition, linge fourni (draps et serviettes de toilettes), wifi, sèche-cheveux. Couchage disponible : 1 lit 2 places (chambre séparée) et 1 canapé lit d’une capacité 2 personnes. Capacité max : 4 personnes. Situé entre Montmartre et le Marché aux Puces : - A proximité immédiate de nombreux commerces rue du Poteau (Marché, Monoprix, boulangeries, restaurants, etc.) -3mn du Marché aux puces et ses boutiques d’antiquités.
31025		Nice and cosy room in a 40 sqm apartment. Queen size bed, fully equipped kitchen, bathtub. Nice view on the St Bernard church from the balcony. Close to the lines 2,4,5 and 12 of the metro.  Next to Gare du Nord (2min) and Montmartre (10 min).
31026		The place have two rooms, in the popular neighborhood of La Chapelle/Gare du Nord.  The RER B transport you in 10 minutes to the centre of Paris. The railway station is quite near, so you can hear it when the windows are open, but when close it is ok
31027	Renovated just last year, 28m2 Complete kitchen, bathroom with a shower Two beds	Studio very luminous next to the Canal Saint Martin and la Villette, in a lively neighbourhood. Perfect if you'd like to drop your luggage for a few days in Paris ! Renovated just last year, 28m2 Complete kitchen, bathroom with a shower Two beds Three metros are 3 minutes away from the appartment : 2, 5 and 7 ; which allows to go anywhere in Paris in a few stations. Velib's and autolib's are in the next street.
31028	Situation exceptionnelle à 1min à pied du funiculaire menant au Sacré Coeur et à 1min à pied de la place des Abbesses. 	Venez découvrir le Vrai Montmartre à deux pas du funiculaire qui vous mènera au pied de la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur, la Place du Tertre et son quartier culturel haut en couleur ! Un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris. Studio au 5 éme etages. Situation exceptionnelle à 1min à pied du funiculaire menant au Sacré Coeur et à 1min à pied de la place des Abbesses. - Ligne 12, station LES ABBESSES pour découvrir :  St Georges (Musée Gustave Moreau/ Musée de la Vie Romantique, un Hotel particulier avec Jardin et Salon de Thé), Madeleine (Opéra, Concorde/ Place Vendôme/Jardin des Tuileries/Musée Le Louvre), Solférino (Musée d'Orsay, Rue du Bac/ Musée Maillol), Sèvres Babylone(Le Bon Marché), Notre Dame des Champs( Musée Zadkine) Et pourquoi pas, visiter Le Château de Versailles à 1 heure de Paris, Le Parc de La Villette ( à 20 minutes de la maison/Station Porte de la Chapelle ), La Maison du peintre Monet à Giverny ( à 1 heure de Paris ), ...  Tant de sorties culturelles et dépaysantes en emprun
31029	This apartment has a lot of wooden furniture (some of them are antiques) which makes you feel at home, cosy. Eventhough it's on the 4th floor, the stairsteps are very small so you don't feel like you are climbing a mountain!	The apartment is located on the 4th floor, in a typical Montmartre building (with digicode). It is oriented east / west and it is quiet and very bright. It has a living room, a bedroom , a fully-equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower. This apartment has a lot of wooden furniture (some of them are antiques) which makes you feel at home, cosy. Eventhough it's on the 4th floor, the stairsteps are very small so you don't feel like you are climbing a mountain! You will have access to the whole apartment If you have any question or any problem, don't hesitate to call me during your stay. I am an English teacher so I have no problem interacting in English! The 18th district is one of the most visited ones in Paris , and is suitable for every possible activities dear to vacationers , from shopping to visiting museums and wandering in the Parisian streets... You will have access to all Parisian tourist sites thanks to numerous means of public transport within 20minutes, maximum time ! The 
31030	"this typical ""Montmartre style's"" appartment is located  in the heart of Montmartre , the last village of Paris in front of Place du Tertre, a few  meters away  from Sacre Coeur Basilica,  situated on the top of the butte Montmartre you will  have the most beautiful panoramic view of Paris  Place du Tertre is a reminder of the time when Montmartre was setting the trend of modern art. In early 20th century, Pablo Picasso and many other pennyless artists were living at this place Just In front of the apartment you will find Dali museum , many restaurants , shops  and many artists who  propose to paint your portrait Enjoy the life  of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris Sleeps 5 ( double bed in the bedroom and one convertible sofa for 2 in the living room)  one japonese futon for 1 Equiped small American kitchen with all the amenities (coffee maker, kettle, toaster, fridge, microwaves oven) Separate bathroom ,  wc  Linen, towels, international tv "	"        appartement idéalement situe tout près du Sacré coeur et de la célèbre place du Tertre  il vous fera découvrir la vie Montmartroise  un des lieux les plus typiques de Paris  tout simplement magique  (5 couchages )       this typical ""Montmartre style's"" appartment is located  in the heart of Montmartre , the last village of Paris in front of Place du Tertre, a few  meters away  from Sacre Coeur Basilica,  situated on the top of the butte Montmartre you will  have the most beautiful panoramic view of Paris  Place du Tertre is a reminder of the time when Montmartre was setting the trend of modern art. In early 20th century, Pablo Picasso and many other pennyless artists were living at this place Just In front of the apartment you will find Dali museum , many restaurants , shops  and many artists who  propose to paint your portrait Enjoy the life  of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris Sleeps 5 ( double bed in the bedroom and one convertib"
31031	C’est un endroit idéalement situé pour les vacances ou pour un séjour professionnel.  L’appartement de 37 m2 est composé d’une chambre avec un lit 2 personnes 160x200, d’un salon, d'une grande table à manger, un canapé convertible pour 1 personne voir deux (120x205), les draps sont fournis.  Salle de bain avec linge de toilettes et sèche cheveux.  Cuisine équipée d’un réfrigérateur, four micro-ondes combiné (fonction chaleur tournante), machine à café, bouilloire. Toutes la vaisselle et appareils électroménagers sont à votre disposition.  Lave Linge séchant neuf. Robot aspirateur, planche et fer à repasser si besoin.  __________________________________ It’s an enjoyable spot for a vacation or convenient location for a business stay. The apartment has a bedroom with a double bed queen size, a living room with a single (or 2 children) sofa bed 120x205, sheets provided. Bathroom with towels and hairdryer. Kitchen with microwaves- oven, coffee machine and kettle, dishes. Combo washing mach	Joli appartement de 2 pièces situé entre les métros Lamarck-Caulaincourt et Jules Joffrin. Idéalement situé, dans le quartier Montmartre. Apartment, 3nd floor, near subway stations Lamarck-Caulaincourt and Jules Joffrin. In the Montmartre area. C’est un endroit idéalement situé pour les vacances ou pour un séjour professionnel.  L’appartement de 37 m2 est composé d’une chambre avec un lit 2 personnes 160x200, d’un salon, d'une grande table à manger, un canapé convertible pour 1 personne voir deux (120x205), les draps sont fournis.  Salle de bain avec linge de toilettes et sèche cheveux.  Cuisine équipée d’un réfrigérateur, four micro-ondes combiné (fonction chaleur tournante), machine à café, bouilloire. Toutes la vaisselle et appareils électroménagers sont à votre disposition.  Lave Linge séchant neuf. Robot aspirateur, planche et fer à repasser si besoin.  __________________________________ It’s an enjoyable spot for a vacation or convenient location for a business stay. The apartmen
31032	Easy access, so quiet and so much light !	Very small room, quiet and calm, closed (50m) from Abbesses Metro. 5 mm away beetween Sacré Coeur and Moulin Rouge. Included TV and Wifi internet. Easy access, so quiet and so much light ! Wifi, Shower, folding bed ! I am not living in Paris but Zohra will take care of all your desire ! It is the Paris with all the cliché ! Moulin rouge, Sacré Coeur, les manèges des Abbesses. For lovers, ready to engage, and just married ! 50 yards from the metro Abbesses. From Charles De Gaule airport goes to gare du Nord. and bus or Métro to Pigalle.
31033	"L'appartement est situé dans l'agrèable rue du Poteau, rue très animée, par des épicerie d'excellence à savoir fromagerie, boucherie, cave à vin...  De nombreux bistrot s'y trouve ainsi qu'un des meilleurs burger de Paris! L'appartement est au pieds de la Butte Montmartre, l'endroit parfait pour démarrer sa balade Parisienne. L'appartement est au 5 éme étage sans ascenseur, contient une chambre avec un lit double, ainsi qu'un salon avec un matelas ""airbed"" deux personnes où un canapé lit dépliant pouvant accueillir une personne. C'est l'appartement parfait pour un couple avec un ou deux enfants, ainsi que pour 4 amis désireux d'arpenter les rues Parisiennes."	"Appartement 2 pièces de 40 m² environs, au 6 ème étage plein sud et à la vue dégagée.  Situé dans la rue du poteau, il sera agréable et simple de profiter du Paris tout entier, tout en ayant un espace cosy et agréable où se détendre... L'appartement est situé dans l'agrèable rue du Poteau, rue très animée, par des épicerie d'excellence à savoir fromagerie, boucherie, cave à vin...  De nombreux bistrot s'y trouve ainsi qu'un des meilleurs burger de Paris! L'appartement est au pieds de la Butte Montmartre, l'endroit parfait pour démarrer sa balade Parisienne. L'appartement est au 5 éme étage sans ascenseur, contient une chambre avec un lit double, ainsi qu'un salon avec un matelas ""airbed"" deux personnes où un canapé lit dépliant pouvant accueillir une personne. C'est l'appartement parfait pour un couple avec un ou deux enfants, ainsi que pour 4 amis désireux d'arpenter les rues Parisiennes. Une bibliothèque est à disposition, contenant des livres sur l'art, la photo, l'architecture, la "
31034		Notre appartement totalement rénové dans une ambiance scandinave possède une pièce de vie inondée de lumière, une cuisine totalement équipée, une salle de douche et une petite chambre douillette. Sans vis-à-vis et à 5min du métro Marx Dormoy nous sommes situés à 2min du marché de l'olive
31035		Situé dans une résidence paisible à 7 min à pied de Montmartre , grand 2 pièces ensoleillé donnant sur jardin, salle de bain et toilettes séparés, balcon. Et un piano pour les musiciens!
31036	Nous sommes un couple (et sommes en général présents dans l'appartement la semaine et parfois le weekend) et nous vous proposons notre canapé convertible une place situé dans le salon. Un couchage supplémentaire (1 place) est possible sur un matelas futon à déposer sur le sol. Salle de bain, toilette séparé. Serviettes et draps disponibles.  L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine ( four, plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, congélateur, bouilloire, sensée...).  De la cuisine vous avez la possibilité de vous détendre sur le balcon.  Le salon vous offrira une vue agréable sur le Sacré-Cœur.  DVD, livres et CD seront à votre disposition...  Le petit déjeuner est compris ( confiture, beurre, café, thé, chocolat...) mais nous vous laissons le soin de le préparer.	Nous sommes un couple (et sommes en général présents dans l'appartement la semaine et parfois le weekend) et nous vous proposons notre canapé convertible une place situé dans le salon. Un couchage supplémentaire (1 place) est possible sur un matelas futon à déposer sur le sol. Salle de bain, toilette séparé. Serviettes et draps disponibles.  L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine ( four, plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, congélateur, bouilloire, sensée...).  De la cuisine vous avez la possibilité de vous détendre sur le balcon.  Le salon vous offrira une vue agréable sur le Sacré-Cœur.  DVD, livres et CD seront à votre disposition...  Le petit déjeuner est compris ( confiture, beurre, café, thé, chocolat...) mais nous vous laissons le soin de le préparer. Vous pourrez profiter de tout l'appartement à l'exception de notre chambre. Par telephone, sms ou mail. Le quartier est très animé avec tout ce qu'il faut: restaurants, cafés, boulangeries, supermarchés, marché traditionnel couvert (
31037	31 m2 one room apartment, fully equipped, very close to Montmartre and the Sacré coeur, on the first floor. The kitchen is fully furnished with hot plates, micro wave, tea kettle, Nespresso machine, toaster, mixer... and also washing machine, tumble-dryer. Iphone station, internet, TV cable, double glazing. new bed.  Bathroom with shower. You will enjoy the 60m2 shared terrace on top of the building, with its typical view on the Sacré Coeur. The apartment is located in an urban and lively area. You can find all the commodities needed around the flat : big supermarket, discount supermarkets, some exotics grocery stores, a 24/24h open bakery at 1 minute, and rue Custine and rue de Clignancourt, at 3 minutes walk,  some typical french food groceries like cheese shop, wine shop, delicatessens... Many cafes and restaurants around : african, indian and other exotic cooking on that side of the boulevard, and on the other side, and all around Montmartre, many very good french ones.	31 m2 one room apartment, fully equipped, very close to Montmartre and the Sacré coeur, on the first floor. The kitchen is fully furnished with hot plates, micro wave, tea kettle, Nespresso machine, toaster, mixer... and also washing machine, tumble-dryer. Iphone station, internet, TV cable, double glazing. new bed.  Bathroom with shower. You will enjoy the 60m2 shared terrace on top of the building, with its typical view on the Sacré Coeur. The apartment is located in an urban and lively area. You can find all the commodities needed around the flat : big supermarket, discount supermarkets, some exotics grocery stores, a 24/24h open bakery at 1 minute, and rue Custine and rue de Clignancourt, at 3 minutes walk,  some typical french food groceries like cheese shop, wine shop, delicatessens... Many cafes and restaurants around : african, indian and other exotic cooking on that side of the boulevard, and on the other side, and all around Montmartre, many very good french ones. Private app
31038	"cet appartement est vraiment bien placé ; légèrement excentré, dans un petit havre de paix fleuri.  Un appartement très calme, équipé pour accueillir les familles et notamment les enfants en bas âge (lits à barreaux, tables à langer, chaises hautes, jouets....) ALWAYS CONTACT ME TO CHECK AVAILABILITY BEFORE BOOKING.  The apartment (25 m2 about) is located near the metro stations ""Simplon"" and ""Jules Joffrin"", within a 15-minute walk to the Sacré-Coeur. The appartment is very quiet.   Le logement The appartment is very quiet, on the 1st floor of the building. This is a bright appartment, comfortable for a family. There is a wireless connection for internet.  The flat can be rented only for 3 weeks maximum even in July and August during which it can be rented for a longer time. Accès des voyageurs The kitchen is fully equiped: coffe machin, toaster, kettle, fridge with frezer, oven, microwave, washing machine, dishes and kitchen battery.  The bath towels and the sheets are furnished (+ s"	"Charmant petit 3 pièces dans 1 immeuble haussmannien. Proche 2 stations metro (porte de clignancourt et Jules Joffrin). Permet de rejoindre en 15 min Châtelet, la Concorde, Notre Dame.... Montmatre accessible à pied pour une balade passionnannte. cet appartement est vraiment bien placé ; légèrement excentré, dans un petit havre de paix fleuri.  Un appartement très calme, équipé pour accueillir les familles et notamment les enfants en bas âge (lits à barreaux, tables à langer, chaises hautes, jouets....) ALWAYS CONTACT ME TO CHECK AVAILABILITY BEFORE BOOKING.  The apartment (25 m2 about) is located near the metro stations ""Simplon"" and ""Jules Joffrin"", within a 15-minute walk to the Sacré-Coeur. The appartment is very quiet.   Le logement The appartment is very quiet, on the 1st floor of the building. This is a bright appartment, comfortable for a family. There is a wireless connection for internet.  The flat can be rented only for 3 weeks maximum even in July and August during which it"
31039	Piso tipicamente parisino de 80m2 al pie de Montmartre y del Sacré Coeur, proximo al Canal St Martin, con acceso rapido y directo en metro al barrio Latino, Notre Dame, el Museo del Louvre... Piso tranquilo y soleado que os permitira descansar tras una jornada de visitas	    Apartement (80m.) típiquement parisien.   Au pied de Montmartre et du Sacre Coeur, pres du Canal St Martin, un acces direct en metro au Quartier Latin, Notre Dame, le Louvre...    Piso tipicamente parisino de 80m2 al pie de Montmartre y del Sacré Coeur, proximo al Canal St Martin, con acceso rapido y directo en metro al barrio Latino, Notre Dame, el Museo del Louvre... Piso tranquilo y soleado que os permitira descansar tras una jornada de visitas Acceso a la cocina Les recibire como en su casa. A veces estoy y a veces no pero estare encantada de darles informacion y una buena acogida. Barrio muy cosmopolita y animado con numerosos cafes y restaurantes, El puso se encuentra a 5 minutos a pie du Sacre Coeur y de Montmartre. TRANSPORTS: Muy buenas conexiones con el centro en bus  y métro. *5 minutos Metro Barbes L 2 et L 4 *5 minutos Metro Anvers L 2 *10 minutos Gare du Nord
31040	I like my flat because the district is very animated by the marketplace and it's fabulous to see Montmartre very easily. Moreover if you like the Indian cook you can visit Lachapelle is not far amay (juste 10min by foot). Besides, the flat is very comfortable, the lounge is spacious and bright.	This flat is in famous African district of Chateau Rouge, not far away (10min at foot) of Sacré coeur and Montmartre. The flat is bright, silencer and safety. If you want you can visit too the Indian district.  2.pers/bedroom and or 2.pers/livingroom I like my flat because the district is very animated by the marketplace and it's fabulous to see Montmartre very easily. Moreover if you like the Indian cook you can visit Lachapelle is not far amay (juste 10min by foot). Besides, the flat is very comfortable, the lounge is spacious and bright.
31041	L'appartement  de 40m2, est très lumineux, et chaleureux. Il y a une chambre à lit double (2m/1,60m), ainsi qu'un salon confortable et son canapé lit. La cuisine est grande , parfaite pour y faire ses repas. Vous y trouverez  tous les ustensiles nécessaires à la préparation de vos bons petits plats, et de vos petits déjeuner (cafetière, bouilloire... etc...) Pour vos déplacements dans Paris, en métro (ligne 4 et 12) ou en bus , ils sont à 5 minutes à pieds. En 10 minutes vous pourrez également rejoindre la butte Montmartre, ou les  puces de Saint-Ouen, Les mardi, vendredi et Dimanche, vous pouvez profiter d'un petit marché traditionnel. Location de vélo, de voitures électriques à proximité.	L' appartement est calme et lumineux, le salon (possibilité de couchage grâce au canapé lit). et la chambre sont confortables et décorés dans un style cosy, et charmant .   La cuisine est grande, on peut y cuisiner et y faire ses repas agréablement. L'appartement  de 40m2, est très lumineux, et chaleureux. Il y a une chambre à lit double (2m/1,60m), ainsi qu'un salon confortable et son canapé lit. La cuisine est grande , parfaite pour y faire ses repas. Vous y trouverez  tous les ustensiles nécessaires à la préparation de vos bons petits plats, et de vos petits déjeuner (cafetière, bouilloire... etc...) Pour vos déplacements dans Paris, en métro (ligne 4 et 12) ou en bus , ils sont à 5 minutes à pieds. En 10 minutes vous pourrez également rejoindre la butte Montmartre, ou les  puces de Saint-Ouen, Les mardi, vendredi et Dimanche, vous pouvez profiter d'un petit marché traditionnel. Location de vélo, de voitures électriques à proximité. Les locataires auront accès à tout l'appartement. 
31042	Les Moulures, cheminee, Vieux parquet, appartement typique parisien dans le dernier quartier populaire de Paris 	Room in charming parisian appartement located in afric Metro à 2 min
31043	The studio is small, but very well designed to be able to offer the same amenities as in much bigger apartments. It is equipped with a washing machine / dryer, Oven / microwave oven, induction hob, fridge/ freezer, coffee machine, kettle, mixer, Led TV, DVD player, stereo, high speed internet, a telephone line with free calls to most numbers, cable tv  with 200 channels, a comfortable (real) bed ( 140 cm), etc..  	A  cosy  studio apartment  situated in a very beautiful quiet private alley, right in the heart of Montmartre , the most romantic and charming neighbourhood in Paris. The studio was recently  renovated and is very well equipped. The studio is small, but very well designed to be able to offer the same amenities as in much bigger apartments. It is equipped with a washing machine / dryer, Oven / microwave oven, induction hob, fridge/ freezer, coffee machine, kettle, mixer, Led TV, DVD player, stereo, high speed internet, a telephone line with free calls to most numbers, cable tv  with 200 channels, a comfortable (real) bed ( 140 cm), etc..   Internet, cable tv, telephone  We or our friend Nelson who helps with the rentals will be there to meet you upon your arrival. We will also always be available if you need any help in any way . Montmartre is the most authentic, charming and romantic area of Paris. Small cosy streets filled with cafees, restaurants, local shops and market places. There
31044	Easy to use, with all the facilities, my appartment as one bed for 2 persons. Nice for a romantic journey in Paris, at 15 minutes walk from the Montmarte area and the Sacré-coeur. 3 minutes metro from Paris North and East train station. Public transports near the appartment : - metro line 4 and 12 (direct lines to North train Station, East train station, Saint-Lazare train station, Montparnasse train station) - severals bus - véli'b and autoli'b With all the facilities : micro waves, oven, blender, toaster, dryer, this appartment is very convinient for short stays! I will provide you sheets for the bed and towels. You will have your own keys of the appartment, so you will be completly free! Do not hesitate to contact me if you need any other informations, I can anwser to you in french, english or italian. I check my emails every days. See you in Paris ^^	Easy to use, with all the facilities, my appartment as one bed for 2 persons. Nice for a romantic journey in Paris, at 15 minutes walk from the Montmarte area and the Sacré-coeur. 3 minutes metro from Paris North and East train station. Public transports near the appartment : - metro line 4 and 12 (direct lines to North train Station, East train station, Saint-Lazare train station, Montparnasse train station) - severals bus - véli'b and autoli'b With all the facilities : micro waves, oven, blender, toaster, dryer, this appartment is very convinient for short stays! I will provide you sheets for the bed and towels. You will have your own keys of the appartment, so you will be completly free! Do not hesitate to contact me if you need any other informations, I can anwser to you in french, english or italian. I check my emails every days. See you in Paris ^^ Free wifi access Map of the Parisian public transports 
31045	Located in the Montmartre district, 50 meters from Lamarck metro (line 12) and 300 meters from the Sacre Coeur (Montmartre), this apartment in the first floor will offer a comfortable stay independent ...  The apartment consists of:  - A kitchen  - A living room with a convertible leather sofa (permanent sleeping)  - A bedroom with a double bed  A coffee maker and kettle are available to you (pod coffee and tea available for free).  A bakery available on the street opposite is also available for a typical Parisian breakfast.  POINT **** +:  - The location  - An independent full housing  - Point coffee / tea Free  - Linen and towels provided  - Fully equipped kitchen  For your convenience, a washer / dryer is available.  EXTRA **** ****  For your peace of mind, I can also provide you with a parking lot to park your vehicle (Allow an extra 10 € per day - IMPORTANT: It is necessary to confirm the PARKING option and your type of car - The parking is too small for a long car - before your a	Parisian Apartment located in a quiet location, close to metro Lamarck - Line 12 (50m) and the famous monument Sacré Coeur  (300m), you will be right at home in the heart of beautiful and romantic part of Paris, Montmartre ! Located in the Montmartre district, 50 meters from Lamarck metro (line 12) and 300 meters from the Sacre Coeur (Montmartre), this apartment in the first floor will offer a comfortable stay independent ...  The apartment consists of:  - A kitchen  - A living room with a convertible leather sofa (permanent sleeping)  - A bedroom with a double bed  A coffee maker and kettle are available to you (pod coffee and tea available for free).  A bakery available on the street opposite is also available for a typical Parisian breakfast.  POINT **** +:  - The location  - An independent full housing  - Point coffee / tea Free  - Linen and towels provided  - Fully equipped kitchen  For your convenience, a washer / dryer is available.  EXTRA **** ****  For your peace of mind, I ca
31046	The appartement is being totally renovated. Available for rental from July 8th. Discount prices for the roll out! This is a private 2 bedrooms appartement, on the 5th floor (with elevator), with a balcony. All rooms are really bright and you will enjoy a great family or romantic stay in the heart of the beloved and authentic area of Montmartre.  The appartement is a truly traditional parisien style, with wooden flooring, molding walls, and designer's equipment. It is located between the Sacré Coeur and the square 'Place des Abbesses'.  It is 54 square meters, and it consists in a living room with sofa (can be used as a bed for 2 people), flat TV screen, wifi, diner table. Aside is a fully furnished kitchen (hoven, microwave, nesspresso...) which makes it really easy to cook at home if you decide to rest at home for a minute. 2 bedrooms: one with queen size bed (160cm) and a balcony where you will have the chance to enjoy a coffee admiring the stunning view on Sacré Coeur. The other one	Ideal for a family of 4, this place offers a fantastic view on top of the Sacré Coeur.   The appartement is being totally renovated. Available for rental from July 8th. Discount prices for the roll out! This is a private 2 bedrooms appartement, on the 5th floor (with elevator), with a balcony. All rooms are really bright and you will enjoy a great family or romantic stay in the heart of the beloved and authentic area of Montmartre.  The appartement is a truly traditional parisien style, with wooden flooring, molding walls, and designer's equipment. It is located between the Sacré Coeur and the square 'Place des Abbesses'.  It is 54 square meters, and it consists in a living room with sofa (can be used as a bed for 2 people), flat TV screen, wifi, diner table. Aside is a fully furnished kitchen (hoven, microwave, nesspresso...) which makes it really easy to cook at home if you decide to rest at home for a minute. 2 bedrooms: one with queen size bed (160cm) and a balcony where you will h
31047	hello, I offer to you a separate room with a double bed and/or a single bed in the living, in a 55m2 flat, which is not luxurious, but really cosy, and pleasant to live with nice persons! The flat has a kitchen equipped for you to use (mini-oven, washing machine...), a bathroom, a little one but with a bath!, a separate toilet, and wifi. The apartment is at the 2nd floor of a quiet building. My apartment is in a popular and cosmopolitan district, 10 mn walk to Montmartre. You will find around my flat: indian, thaï, africans restaurants and shops, really good cheeses and wine at Marché de l'Olive, place with nice cafés, french restaurants, where you can drink a coffee with croissant! 5 mms by feet, you've got the amazing théâtre des Bouffes du Nord, le 104 place with multi artistic propositions near the Eole park. At 10 mms, by the Canal de l'Ourcq you've got cinemas and places to play pétanques! From the apartment, you can walk (2mns) to the metro Marx Dormoy-line 12, 4mns to La Chapel	hello, I offer to you a separate room with a double bed and/or a single bed in the living, in a 55m2 flat, which is not luxurious, but really cosy, and pleasant to live with nice persons! The flat has a kitchen equipped for you to use (mini-oven, washing machine...), a bathroom, a little one but with a bath!, a separate toilet, and wifi. The apartment is at the 2nd floor of a quiet building. My apartment is in a popular and cosmopolitan district, 10 mn walk to Montmartre. You will find around my flat: indian, thaï, africans restaurants and shops, really good cheeses and wine at Marché de l'Olive, place with nice cafés, french restaurants, where you can drink a coffee with croissant! 5 mms by feet, you've got the amazing théâtre des Bouffes du Nord, le 104 place with multi artistic propositions near the Eole park. At 10 mms, by the Canal de l'Ourcq you've got cinemas and places to play pétanques! From the apartment, you can walk (2mns) to the metro Marx Dormoy-line 12, 4mns to La Chapel
31048		I live in the rue Caulaincourt, 5min away by foot from the Sacré Coeur and 1min from the Montmartre Winefeld, 12min from Pigalle. The quater is absolutely lovely, as well as my building (a classical Haussmann parisian building) and my little flat. 
31049	You will enjoy my full furnished flat, with a beautiful equiped kitchen, including washing-machine, nice bathroom, bedroom with large and very comfortable bed, and living-room. Wooden floor and floor-tile. Dressed stone and red brick walls. 	Je propose mon appartement personnel que je loue quand je ne suis pas là. A 10 min de l'escalier de Montmartre, dans un quartier cosmopolite et animé. You will enjoy my full furnished flat, with a beautiful equiped kitchen, including washing-machine, nice bathroom, bedroom with large and very comfortable bed, and living-room. Wooden floor and floor-tile. Dressed stone and red brick walls.  - Full furnished kitchen with washing-machine, big oven, ceramic glass cooktop, fridge, freezer, iron - Sheets and bath towels furnished - Speedy Wifi - Telephone permitting to call all landline numbers in Europe Par mail, via le site Airbnb, par téléphone.  The neighborhood is well-known as the likely african one. To point out, the place is at 10 minutes walk from La Butte Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. Close to many shops, markets, bars and restaurants (tipically franch ones or exotic ones : africans, indians). Close to subway lines 4, 12 and 2, permiting to move everywhere in Paris : 15 minutes to Ch
31050	My place is unique because it reflects who I am. Charm and comfort. It's not very big but wonderfully organized so that you can move around easily...	Charming appartment near Montmartre, with one bedroom (2 pers.) and one living-room/bedroom (2 pers), bathroom and fully equipped kitchen (micro-wave, oven, washing-machine). You'll feel like home. Bienvenue !
31051		The apartment is located in the 18th arrondissement in a cosmopolitan district. It is 10 minutes away from Montmartre on foot and 15 minutes from the city centre by metro.  The apartment is extremely quiet and newly renovated
31052	• The apartment is located in the North of Paris, next to a very typical area of the city : Montmartre. • It's a one bedroom flat on the 5th floor (no elevator) with a clear view. It's south oriented so it's pretty much bright all the time.  :-) It has 2 main rooms : a cosy bedroom and a spacious living-room. It's the perfect apartment to accommodate a couple! :-)	This 45m2 apartment is very comfortable and warm. Ideal for a couple (can also fit 4 pers). Only a few minutes walk from subways (line 4 and 12), bus stations (line 31, 80, 95…) and 20mins walk from Montmartre and Le Sacré Coeur!             • The apartment is located in the North of Paris, next to a very typical area of the city : Montmartre. • It's a one bedroom flat on the 5th floor (no elevator) with a clear view. It's south oriented so it's pretty much bright all the time.  :-) It has 2 main rooms : a cosy bedroom and a spacious living-room. It's the perfect apartment to accommodate a couple! :-) • The living-room has a sofa bed and 2 armchairs, a large TV and a spacious desk. Wifi is available of course and you're free to read as many books and comics as you want. • The bathroom has a bath tub, a washing machine and a towel-dryer.  • The kitchen is fully equipped : fridge/freezer, oven, dish washer, microwave, toaster, electric water boiler, coffee machine… • Depending on the tim
31053	The apt has one king size bed as well as 2 single couches/beds in the leaving room. Ideal for families.  The bathroom has a multi-jet shower, perfect for relaxation.	Lovely appartement ideally located in the up and coming 19th district of paris. An area
31054	Charmant et tout confort !	Idéalement situé en haut de la rue des Martyrs et au pied de la place des Abbesses (métro Abbesses), charmant studio calme avec fenêtre donnant sur courette intérieure. 5eme étage (sans ascenseur).Entièrement équipé,TV, wifi, draps et serviettes. Charmant et tout confort ! Un quartier unique de Paris ! Si vous nous faites part au préalable de votre venue, de vos goûts et envies, nous serons ravis de vous préparer une liste personnalisée et atypique des lieux et choses à voir à faire, et des bons plans...
31055		In Paris, very bright and cool flat that can host one to four people.  The street is calm and the district is exotic and boho; with a nice food market, restaurants & bars. Welcome! By metro : 7mn to Montmartre, 15mn to Opéra, 20mn to Champs Elysées Note that the appartment is located at the 6th floor without elevator in the building, but you'll get used to it!
31056	The apartment has 2 bedrooms, 1 with a double bed 140 and 1 with 2 single bunk beds, a living room, a small kitchen and a bathroom with shower over bath, separated toilet . It is south facing so very sunny.The flat is equipped with all the details necessary for daily life and full of books. 3rd floor. The place is really typical of the flats you can find in Montmartre, and very closed to the famous Sacré-coeur. A cosy and comfy parisian atmosphere!	A parisian family flat  of 45 m2 with 3 rooms very well located in Montmartre. Bright and sunny, typical and comfortable at 50 meters from the Metro Abbesses, quiet, but in the heart of a lively, romantic and charming area. 2 separate bed rooms. The apartment has 2 bedrooms, 1 with a double bed 140 and 1 with 2 single bunk beds, a living room, a small kitchen and a bathroom with shower over bath, separated toilet . It is south facing so very sunny.The flat is equipped with all the details necessary for daily life and full of books. 3rd floor. The place is really typical of the flats you can find in Montmartre, and very closed to the famous Sacré-coeur. A cosy and comfy parisian atmosphere! Full access to the apartment We’ll be very happy to help regarding all practical info or ideas of nice places to go to you might need. Very lively and also practical, with excellent bakeries, specialty food shops, restaurants and coffee shops, bookshops and theaters. A ideal place for a touristic sta
31057	Neighborhood: This furnished apartment is in Montmartre, a district inseparable from art; at the end of the 19th century the area was a Mecca for artists, writers and poets. Montmartre maintains its physical charm and the village atmosphere remains remarkably intact.  There are spectacular views of the city from various points, especially from the monumental Sacre-Coeur Basilica. One of Paris' most picturesque squares is the Place des Abbesses with its original Art Nouveau metro station. There are all sorts of essential shops and services near this accommodation, such as the picturesque fruit and vegetable market situated on Rue Lepic. The apartment located on the Corner of Place de Terte. Very nice and one of the beautiful street on Montrmart. Premises: This 35m² (approx. 375 sq. ft.) one-bedroom apartment is located at the top of the Montmartre Hill . This apartment is located on the ground floor of a building constructed in 1921. The main entrance gate is protected by a coded securi	This cozy apartment lies in the heart of the historic artist district of Monmartre.  Iconic Sacre Couer is around the corner offering an amazing view of the city of Paris.  LGBT friendly, non smoking, extremely clean apartment  Neighborhood: This furnished apartment is in Montmartre, a district inseparable from art; at the end of the 19th century the area was a Mecca for artists, writers and poets. Montmartre maintains its physical charm and the village atmosphere remains remarkably intact.  There are spectacular views of the city from various points, especially from the monumental Sacre-Coeur Basilica. One of Paris' most picturesque squares is the Place des Abbesses with its original Art Nouveau metro station. There are all sorts of essential shops and services near this accommodation, such as the picturesque fruit and vegetable market situated on Rue Lepic. The apartment located on the Corner of Place de Terte. Very nice and one of the beautiful street on Montrmart. Premises: This 35
31058	This 70 square meters (753 square feet) apartment is situated next to Montmatre. It's been entirely renovated in 2009. The apartment is located on the first floor in a quiet building (only 2 floors). 	Lovely 70 m² (753 sq ft) apartment located a few minutes away from Montmartre!   This 70 square meters (753 square feet) apartment is situated next to Montmatre. It's been entirely renovated in 2009. The apartment is located on the first floor in a quiet building (only 2 floors). There's a bedroom, a living room with a diner table and a separate kitchen. The kitchen is equiped with a washing machine, microwave, kettle, fridge and oven. All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer.  It is fully furnished with all the modern equipment one may hope for, such as a flat screen TV, dvd player, Wi-Fi, iphone station, ... We will be glad to provide you personally all the information and advice you need during your stay. Early check in/ late check out are subject to availability. Fast answer guarranted (French or English).  If you're coming from the airport Roissy-Charles de Gaule, the flat is only 2 stations away from Gare du Nord.  The apartment is at a 2 minutes walk to 
31059		Paris 18° arrondissement: Nice, cosy and clear apartment from 1921, 4th  floor with lift, fully equipped, near Montmartre, Sacré Coeur and Puces de St Ouen, proximity to stores, bus and métro to go all over Paris, very central. 1 or 2 bedrooms, living room, kitchen fully equipped, washing machine, small bathroom with shower and (website hidden), Internet WiFi. Breakfast. I'll not be around during your stay. I love Paris and the 18° arrondissement. My flat is near Montmarte, Sacré Coeur and Marché aux Puces St Ouen.  It is a very lively quarter near stores, markets and lovely restaurants. Situated very centrally, by Métro and Buses you can go all over Paris. From Airport CDG Roissy: RER, stop Gare du Nord, take Métro 4 dir Porte de Clignancourt, stop Simplon, 5 min walk to the flat. Or take the Roissy Bus till rue Scribe(terminal) then change and take Bus 95 dir Porte de Montmartre, stop at Porte de Montmartre, 5 min walk to the flat, or  from Gare st Lazare take Métro 12, dir Aubervill
31060	Notre Appartement vous séduira par sa décoration ainsi que son style Haussmanien typiquement Parisien. Nous sommes en général présents dans l'appartement la semaine ainsi que le Week end. 	Bonjour,  La chambre privée de 12m2 vous séduira par son calme et sa décoration.  Soyez chez vous, chez nous.  A bientôt :) Notre Appartement vous séduira par sa décoration ainsi que son style Haussmanien typiquement Parisien. Nous sommes en général présents dans l'appartement la semaine ainsi que le Week end. Vous aurez accès à la Télévision ainsi que le Wifi, ainsi que le nécessaire pour se faire un café ou un thé.  Serviette de douche inclus. Nous nous ferons un plaisir de vous donner nos adresses favorites .  N’hésitez pas à nous contactez par E-mail, nous serons ravis de répondre a vos questions. L’appartement est situé au pied de la Butte Montmartre, à moins de 10 min à pied du Sacré Coeur, de la rue des Abbesses, de la place Pigalle ou encore du Moulin Rouge.  Un petit supermarché est en bas de l’immeuble ainsi que des restaurants et des commerces typiquement français ( boulangerie, cave à vin, fromagerie... ) Ligne 12 : Lamarck - Caulaincourt Ligne 2 ou 13 : Place de Clichy  Bu
31061	After spending your all day in the city, you'll have the pleasure to share a peaceful moment in a large comfortable living room where you can also have dinner around  a big  glass table. When breakfast comes, you will enjoy the open kitchen area. There are two bedrooms, one with a king size bed, the other one with a brand new sofa (very comfortable), wich can be turned into a two single bed or a double bed (160 cm width).  There  is an other sofa/bed in the living room for two lovers because it's just 120 cm width. The bathroom have a tub. Shift and towel are provided. The appartment is on the third floor. You'll have to climb up there cause there is no elevator... 	Come on over and relax in this very bright and quiet 70 m² appartment situated on a working class area of Paris! After spending your all day in the city, you'll have the pleasure to share a peaceful moment in a large comfortable living room where you can also have dinner around  a big  glass table. When breakfast comes, you will enjoy the open kitchen area. There are two bedrooms, one with a king size bed, the other one with a brand new sofa (very comfortable), wich can be turned into a two single bed or a double bed (160 cm width).  There  is an other sofa/bed in the living room for two lovers because it's just 120 cm width. The bathroom have a tub. Shift and towel are provided. The appartment is on the third floor. You'll have to climb up there cause there is no elevator... All the equipments (HiFi, WiFi, wash machine... but I don't have TV) When you need something you can call me and I'll answer as soon as posible! The neighborhood is cosmopolitan, multicultural, with a lot of peopl
31062	The neighborhood is lively shopping. The nearest metro station is 1 min walk ! The apartment is located on a line of train that serves out the most of Paris attractions: Sacré cœur: 15 min by walk Montmartre Area: 14 min by train / métro or 18 min by walk  Moulin rouge: 15 min by train / métro, or 26 min by walk Notre Dame de Paris/ Saint Michel - Quartier Latin : 26 min by train / métro Châtelet les halles : 30 min by train /métro Champs Élysées: 25 min by train / métro Opéra : 20 min by train / métro Tour Eiffel : 35 min by train / métro Palais Royal/ Musée du Louvre : 24 min by train/ métro Concorde : 22 min by train / métro Tour Montparnasse: 28 min by train/ métro Arc de Triomphe : 28 min by train / métro To visit the center of Paris by train / Bus / Paris Metro -you have to buy an unlimited Paris visit pass  and it costs: for 1 day : € 18.15 (for an adult) for 3 days : € 24.80 (for an adult) for 5 days : € 35.70  (for an adult) 	En plein quartier Jules Joffrin, ce studio de 16 m² aménagé pour 3 personnes, situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, est à proximité des quartiers de Montmartre (10min à pied) et Marché aux puces de St Ouen (10min). Proche des lignes métro 2 et 4. The neighborhood is lively shopping. The nearest metro station is 1 min walk ! The apartment is located on a line of train that serves out the most of Paris attractions: Sacré cœur: 15 min by walk Montmartre Area: 14 min by train / métro or 18 min by walk  Moulin rouge: 15 min by train / métro, or 26 min by walk Notre Dame de Paris/ Saint Michel - Quartier Latin : 26 min by train / métro Châtelet les halles : 30 min by train /métro Champs Élysées: 25 min by train / métro Opéra : 20 min by train / métro Tour Eiffel : 35 min by train / métro Palais Royal/ Musée du Louvre : 24 min by train/ métro Concorde : 22 min by train / métro Tour Montparnasse: 28 min by train/ métro Arc de Triomphe : 28 min by train / métro To visit the center of Paris by tra
31063	Welcome to a typical authentic Parisian apartment 1 double living room with sofa + 1 bedroom. , very charming, in the heart of the famous artistic and romantic Montmartre. Charming, cosy and quiet apartment in the heart of Montmartre. The apartment will offer you the best location in Montmartre, It is a 40m2 apartment, with a nice living room,  bathroom with a large shower Italian style. Walk around typical narrow Parisian streets, variety of restaurants, cafés, shops, museums, theaters and art galleries... A 5 minutes walk to the Sacré-Coeur church, the Place du Tertre... and Amelie Poulin 	FULLHOUSING : Charming 2 rooms & Romantic, comfortable  living room + 1 bedroom. , centrally located in Montmartre easy access to all major experience in Paris. That seek an authentic Parisian experience; a couple or family can live comfortably. Welcome to a typical authentic Parisian apartment 1 double living room with sofa + 1 bedroom. , very charming, in the heart of the famous artistic and romantic Montmartre. Charming, cosy and quiet apartment in the heart of Montmartre. The apartment will offer you the best location in Montmartre, It is a 40m2 apartment, with a nice living room,  bathroom with a large shower Italian style. Walk around typical narrow Parisian streets, variety of restaurants, cafés, shops, museums, theaters and art galleries... A 5 minutes walk to the Sacré-Coeur church, the Place du Tertre... and Amelie Poulin  Magic experience in Montmartre's village into Paris. Subway: Blanche (L2), Abbesses (L12)  Surface area: 40 m2  Secured building with digicode Kitchen all 
31064	Appartement refait a neuf il y a 1 an situé au 3eme étage d'un immeuble bien entretenu.	Situé dans un quartier calme et sûr, en bas de la butte Montmartre (à 15 min à pied du Sacré Cœur), cet appartement est composé de 2 Chambres chacune avec 1 lit double et 1 fenêtre sur cour, 1 Salon avec un canapé-lit, 1 cuisine et 1 salle de bain. Appartement refait a neuf il y a 1 an situé au 3eme étage d'un immeuble bien entretenu. L'appartement est a votre entière disposition Un ami qui a habité cet appartement est sur place et s'occupera des check in et check out Appartement situé dans un quartier calme proche des point d'intérêt accessible en moins de 20 min en transports en commun. Proche du métro Jules joffrin sur la 12, Guy moquet sur la 13 et du Bus 95. Lave vaisselle Lave linge sèche linge TV
31065	Quartier bobo (bourgeois-bohème) où se rencontrent touristes et Parisiens dans les multiples cafés et bars. L'appartement se compose d’une chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places et d'une cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Entièrement équipé, il dispose d'une télévision à écran LED de 50 cm, d'un bar avec chaises, de rangements et dressing, d'un sèche-cheveux ainsi que d'un fer et d'une table à repasser.  La cuisine comporte des plaques de cuisson vitrocéramique, un four micro-ondes/grill, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, tous les ustensiles nécessaires, de la vaisselle, un aspirateur, un réfrigérateur et un lave-linge. Vous trouverez deux radiateurs et deux fenêtres double vitrage dans la chambre ainsi qu'un sèche-serviette dans la salle de bains. 	Petit logement pour 2 personnes (15m²-161 sq ft), tout équipé et confortable Facile d'accès avec bagages, l'appartement est au rez-de-chaussée sur une rue calme du quartier Abbesses, en plein cœur de Montmartre. Vous trouverez à 150 mètres les rues plus animées avec plusieurs cafés, bars et commerces. Quartier bobo (bourgeois-bohème) où se rencontrent touristes et Parisiens dans les multiples cafés et bars. L'appartement se compose d’une chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places et d'une cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Entièrement équipé, il dispose d'une télévision à écran LED de 50 cm, d'un bar avec chaises, de rangements et dressing, d'un sèche-cheveux ainsi que d'un fer et d'une table à repasser.  La cuisine comporte des plaques de cuisson vitrocéramique, un four micro-ondes/grill, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, tous les ustensiles nécessaires, de la vaisselle, un aspirateur, un réfrigérateur et un lave-linge. Vous trouverez deux radiateurs et deux fenêtre
31066	"A rare and charming terrace, the view on the sky and the bright and functional interiors will make your Parisian stay very pleasant, even when you’ll be ""at home"". The big window let the interiors and the terrace merge into a spacious and relaxing ambient. The flat has been recently renovated and can host 2 or 3 guests. It is composed of an entrance with a cupboard for clothes and storage; a spacious living room with a comfortable double sofa-bed, plus an extra bed (be careful, it is mainly a mattress that rests on the floor, not extremely comfortable but extremely practical for a short period), there is a adjustable size table, suitable for 4 guests, and a piano. A perfectly equipped kitchen with dish washer, microwave, oven, kettle, coffee machine and a number of utensils; the bathroom is equipped with bathtub/shower and a washing machine. The floor is parquet. The apartment provides Wi Fi Internet connection, TV, linens. "	"A rare and charming terrace, the view on the sky and the bright and functional interiors will make your Parisian stay very pleasant, even when you’ll be ""at home"". The big window let the interiors and the terrace merge into a spacious and relaxing ambient. The flat has been recently renovated and can host 2 or 3 guests. It is composed of an entrance with a cupboard for clothes and storage; a spacious living room with a comfortable double sofa-bed, plus an extra bed (be careful, it is mainly a mattress that rests on the floor, not extremely comfortable but extremely practical for a short period), there is a adjustable size table, suitable for 4 guests, and a piano. A perfectly equipped kitchen with dish washer, microwave, oven, kettle, coffee machine and a number of utensils; the bathroom is equipped with bathtub/shower and a washing machine. The floor is parquet. The apartment provides Wi Fi Internet connection, TV, linens. This apartment is located on a quiet street in the 9th distric"
31067	Spacious and bright apartment of 46m2 on 2nd floor with lift, entirely redone with equipped kitchen (induction hobs, oven, microwave, cooking utensils, dishwasher, washing machine with tumble dryer), internet connection, linen two house supplied (up to two people). Bathroom with bath and shower. Linen and towels included. 	Spacious and bright apartment of 46m2, 5 minutes walk from the Sacred Heart,  Spacious and bright apartment of 46m2 on 2nd floor with lift, entirely redone with equipped kitchen (induction hobs, oven, microwave, cooking utensils, dishwasher, washing machine with tumble dryer), internet connection, linen two house supplied (up to two people). Bathroom with bath and shower. Linen and towels included.  Linen and towels included.  I'll be there for the keys arrangements, and will stay available at that moment and, if needed, by phone or internet, if needed, during the rest of your trip for any informations, tips etc.  Animated, cosmopolitan and pleasant neighborhood. Ideally located : the apartment is 5 minutes walk to the Sacred Heart, just a step from Montmartre and Abbesses. It’s also very close to the Jules Joffrin's friendly and family district, the alive neighborhoods of Anvers, Pigalle and of course Château Rouge. The access to the local businesses as well as the numerous small rest
31068		Appartement de 40 m2 avec une grande chambre, et un matelas futons pour un couchage dans le salon. L'appartement est très lumineux situé à l'arrière du Sacré coeur il est chaleureux un peu bohème.
31069		"Appartement très lumineux et calme à 5mn à pied du métro Marx Dormoy, au 5ème étage, 26m² + petite terrasse, situé dans un quartier commerçant et agréable, proche de Montmartre/Pigalle/Abbesses parfait pour découvrir Paris à petit prix Je citerai le Bonbon : ""De la vie, des couleurs, une friche intellectuelle et culturelle, de la créativité et de l’audace, on en attendait pas moins de notre capitale chérie. Suivez le guide, sortez métro Marx Dormoy et laissez vous emporter dans le tourbillon de cette balade, inoubliable."" Métro Environ 5 minutes à pied du métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12) 15 minutes à pied du métro Marcadet-Poissoniers (ligne 4) 15 minutes à pied du métro La Chapelle (ligne 2) Bus 3 minutes à pied de l'arrêt de Bus Boucry (65) qui permet de relier Gare du Nord (RER B & D) en 10 minutes"
31070		Appartement deux pièces lumineux, 35m2 au pied du sacré coeur. Proche du métro château rouge (ligne 4) et Anvers (ligne 2). Parfait pour deux personnes. Canapé lit supplementaire pour un ou deux enfants. Machine à laver et cuisine équipée. 
31071	The apartment (studio) is 20 m2 and is located on the 1st floor of a building without lift. The main room has a sofa-bed, a double bed, a coffee table and a flat screen television. The kitchen is open plan with a breakfast bar. It is equipped with a double ceramic hotplate, a fridge, a microwave, coffee maker, electric kettle and all utensils you need to prepare a meal. The bathroom is complete with a shower (be aware that the access to the shower can be difficult for people of stout build).  The apartment is equipped with a WIFI  Internet connection.  Please note that cleaning fee is not included in the total price (30€ )except if you do it yourself. This apartment  enjoys a wonderful location in the heart of Montmartre village near the Abbesses Metro, next to the Sacre Coeur and the Place du Tertre. You are also a short walk from the famous Moulin Rouge and Pigalle in Paris so charming. The accommodation has a maximum capacity of 3 people. (3rd person extra 5 € / day) While at the vi	In the village Montmartre located 150 m from the metro Abbesses. Studio of 20 m² for 2/3 persons, 1st floor, bright and quiet, kitchen and bathroom,  . Close to shopping.  Facilities: Internet access, cable TV, sheets, towels. The apartment (studio) is 20 m2 and is located on the 1st floor of a building without lift. The main room has a sofa-bed, a double bed, a coffee table and a flat screen television. The kitchen is open plan with a breakfast bar. It is equipped with a double ceramic hotplate, a fridge, a microwave, coffee maker, electric kettle and all utensils you need to prepare a meal. The bathroom is complete with a shower (be aware that the access to the shower can be difficult for people of stout build).  The apartment is equipped with a WIFI  Internet connection.  Please note that cleaning fee is not included in the total price (30€ )except if you do it yourself. This apartment  enjoys a wonderful location in the heart of Montmartre village near the Abbesses Metro, next to t
31072	I rent my 29 m2 square studio located close to Montmartre. It is close to Montmartre and Pigalle and the Sacré Coeur. It's in a very quiet residence with only 3 floors. No TV because you have so much more to do in that borough!) but I can leave my internet codes for free wifi. All transportation around and next to Gare du Nord (if you land in Roissy, it's very cool). Borough is popular but VERY ok. Lots of café and restaurant, and If you are kind I'll introduce you to some friend of mine who will help for any questions.	I rent my 29 m2 square studio located close to Montmartre. It is close to Montmartre and Pigalle and the Sacré Coeur. It's in a very quiet residence with only 3 floors. No TV because you have so much more to do in that borough!) but I can leave my internet codes for free wifi. All transportation around and next to Gare du Nord (if you land in Roissy, it's very cool). Borough is popular but VERY ok. Lots of café and restaurant, and If you are kind I'll introduce you to some friend of mine who will help for any questions. A real vision of Paris, the touristic vision and the everyday life vision; good mix. Phone, mail, pigeon carrying messages, everything. I love it because it's bourgeois bohème and popular in the same way. you will never havec any problem in my borough. Very easy, close to gare du Nord coming and leading to Roissy Airport.
31073	The accommodation is new, located in a quiet street (semi pedestrian) with shops and subway nearby. The +: the sunny bacon (with BBQ), accessible from the bedroom.	Room of about 20 m2 (+ sunny balcony) on the top floor of a duplex of 70 m2 in the beautiful popular Goutte d'Or district (Gare du Nord and Montmartre nearby). Fully equipped, the apartment is located in a quiet street. The accommodation is new, located in a quiet street (semi pedestrian) with shops and subway nearby. The +: the sunny bacon (with BBQ), accessible from the bedroom. Travelers have access to the rest of the apartment (duplex) on the ground floor consists of a kitchen,  a toilet, and the first floor of a bathroom. La goutte d'Or is a popular area, historic, cosmopolitan, beautiful .. It is located close to Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur (20min)... Métro (4,12,2) : Marx dormoy / Marcadet poissonniers / La Chapelle  Train / RER (B,D) : Gare du Nord  Bus 60 : (Pont Marcadet)
31074	The flat is compact but very well equipped : kitchenette, very comfortable bed. Towels and sheets, iron and hair dryer furnished. Very quiet and clear space. Small bathroom (shower, toilets) 25 euros are requested at arrival for cleaning/laundry. No check-in before 1pm and after 9pm. 	Very charming little flat in the heart of the most romantic area of Paris!  5 mn to reach Sacre-Coeur and Moulin Rouge. At a walking distance from Gare du Nord. The studio is all equipped for a nice stay in Paris!  The flat is compact but very well equipped : kitchenette, very comfortable bed. Towels and sheets, iron and hair dryer furnished. Very quiet and clear space. Small bathroom (shower, toilets) 25 euros are requested at arrival for cleaning/laundry. No check-in before 1pm and after 9pm.  On the 4th floor. No lift I will be happy to welcome you personnally in Paris!  At a walking distance, the main beautiful places of Paris : Montmartre, Opera, Louvre, Concorde. Near Amelie Poulain's cafe... Concert halls and theaters. Supermarkets and groceries opened late at night.. Situated in metro Anvers (line 2); Three metro lines (2,12 and 4) : 10 mn to reach Champs-Elysees. A bus in the street will drive you directly to the Louvre and Luxemburg park (bus n°85). Everything is easily acces
31075	Charming apartment of 50m2 in the center of Montmartre, 18th aera of Paris. At the 6th floor of a haussman building, very quiet and luminous, with parquet floor. Large corridor in the entry, bathroom with a bathtub and toilet.  One bedroom with a double bed and a big cupboard,  I use my living room as an art studio with one desk, sofa and table.  You'll find an old rock fireplace in the room. The kitchen is equipped with one hot plate and an oven, a table where you can eat at 4. Crockery, sheets and bath towels at your disposal. Wifi access. At 1 minutes of metro Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12) Next to the Sacré Coeur (10mn by walk), Pigalle and the 9th aera. You'll find a bakery, shops and restaurants at the foot of the building, in a living aera. The flat is full of light between 5 to 9 PM, with a view of a vast courtyard and sky, enjoy it! It would be perfect for one couple if you want to to gain height in a peaceful place after your visiting days. There is a lot of nice place to go 	Bright and lovely room for two in a flat of 50m2, with wooden floor and moulding. The window gives to a calm courtyard. You can enjoy the whole flat, full of sun from 5 to 9 pm. The Sacré coeur is at 5 minutes &you're at 15mn from the center of Paris Charming apartment of 50m2 in the center of Montmartre, 18th aera of Paris. At the 6th floor of a haussman building, very quiet and luminous, with parquet floor. Large corridor in the entry, bathroom with a bathtub and toilet.  One bedroom with a double bed and a big cupboard,  I use my living room as an art studio with one desk, sofa and table.  You'll find an old rock fireplace in the room. The kitchen is equipped with one hot plate and an oven, a table where you can eat at 4. Crockery, sheets and bath towels at your disposal. Wifi access. At 1 minutes of metro Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12) Next to the Sacré Coeur (10mn by walk), Pigalle and the 9th aera. You'll find a bakery, shops and restaurants at the foot of the building, in a livi
31076	Nice Haussmann style flat of 85 m2. Quite close from the Montmartre quarter (less than 5 min by foot; the 'Moulin Rouge' is less than 2 min). Accommodation capacity: 2 adults + 2 young children. Our flat is made of a roomy living room (roughly 40 m2), 2 bedrooms of which one children's room (2 beds of 120 cm x 60 cm). Available from July 12th to July 20th.	Nice Haussmann style flat of 85 m2. Quite close from the Montmartre quarter (less than 5 min by foot; the 'Moulin Rouge' is less than 2 min). Accommodation capacity: 2 adults + 2 young children. Our flat is made of a roomy living room (roughly 40 m2), 2 bedrooms of which one children's room (2 beds of 120 cm x 60 cm). Available from July 12th to July 20th.
31077	L'appartement est situé en hauteur, au 4ème et dernier étage. Le salon est une pièce lumineuse donnant sur la rue dans laquelle vous pourrez observer toute l'animation du quartier. La chambre donne sur cour et est très calme. L'appartement peut accueillir deux personnes dans la chambre équipée d'un lit double. Le salon pourra accueillir une personne supplémentaire sur le canapé non convertible. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche italienne, d'un lavabo, d'un grand miroir et comprend les toilettes.	2 pièces de 45m2 situé rue Doudeauville dans le XVIIIème. L'appartement a récemment été refait à neuf. Il est composé d'un grand salon/cuisine et d'une chambre. La cuisine est entièrement équipée et très pratique. La chambre donne sur cour, au calme. L'appartement est situé en hauteur, au 4ème et dernier étage. Le salon est une pièce lumineuse donnant sur la rue dans laquelle vous pourrez observer toute l'animation du quartier. La chambre donne sur cour et est très calme. L'appartement peut accueillir deux personnes dans la chambre équipée d'un lit double. Le salon pourra accueillir une personne supplémentaire sur le canapé non convertible. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche italienne, d'un lavabo, d'un grand miroir et comprend les toilettes. L'appartement est loué dans son intégralité. Si le temps nous le permet, nous vous présenterons le quartier, les commerces et les lieux à proximité pour profiter de votre séjour. Quartier très vivant. La goutte d'or et son quartier très mél
31078	Private room with view on Sacré-Coeur in the heart of Montmartre! The apartment (I live in) is completely renewed, 50m² with a modern kitchen and bathroom. Light and cozy. Ideal for 1 person, max 2.  Nice building, 4th floor with elevator. High speed internet connexion and telephone calls on land lines in most Europe and America included. The area is safe and lively. Restaurants, cafés, food shops... everything you might need! Nearest public transports: Metro Anvers, Abbesses or Barbes - Bus N°85, n°30, n°54, n° 31 et 56. No pets. No smoking. 	Private room with view on Sacré-Coeur in the heart of Montmartre! The apartment (I live in) is completely renewed, 50m² with a modern kitchen and bathroom. Light and cozy. Ideal for 1 person, max 2.  Nice building, 4th floor with elevator. High speed internet connexion and telephone calls on land lines in most Europe and America included. The area is safe and lively. Restaurants, cafés, food shops... everything you might need! Nearest public transports: Metro Anvers, Abbesses or Barbes - Bus N°85, n°30, n°54, n° 31 et 56. No pets. No smoking.  Guest will have access at the entire apartment, except my room. I usually interact with guests helping them with their questions! The neighborhood are fantastic. Next to Sacre Coeur church, and a lot of cafes, restaurants, shops... Nearest public transports: Metro Anvers, Abbesses or Barbes - Bus N°85, n°30, n°54, n° 31 et 56.
31079		Appartement 2 pièces entièrement refait à neuf, lumineux, grande chambre, cheminée et petit balcon. A deux pas du métro Guy Moquet.
31080		Il s'agit d'un studio de 30m2, calme et lumineux, idéal pour un couple ou ami(e)s proche de Montmartre, Paris 18ème arrondissement. A 5mn du métro Jules Joffrin, vous trouverez tous les commerces nécessaires à proximité et serez à 30mn du Centre.
31081	Appartement 3 pièces de 65 m2 situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble en pierre de taille. Bon standing Très accessible, à 2 stations de la gare du Nord, métro Château Rouge (ligne 4). A 10 mn à pied du sacré-Cœur à pied et à 15mn de la place des Abesses. DESCRIPTION DE L'APPARTEMENT: - Une entrée desservant l'ensemble des pièces. - Une chambre équipée d'un lit double de 140 x190. - Une chambre avec 2 lits superposés de 90 x190    et d'un lit bébé. - Un living room. - Cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle)  - Salle de bain avec baignoire. (les draps et les serviettes de toilette sont fournis). - Accès Wifi haut débit. - Pas de TV.	Appartement 3 pièces de 65 m2 situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble en pierre de taille. Bon standing Très accessible, à 2 stations de la gare du Nord, métro Château Rouge (ligne 4). A 10 mn à pied du sacré-Cœur à pied et à 15mn de la place des Abesses. DESCRIPTION DE L'APPARTEMENT: - Une entrée desservant l'ensemble des pièces. - Une chambre équipée d'un lit double de 140 x190. - Une chambre avec 2 lits superposés de 90 x190    et d'un lit bébé. - Un living room. - Cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle)  - Salle de bain avec baignoire. (les draps et les serviettes de toilette sont fournis). - Accès Wifi haut débit. - Pas de TV. Logement entier A  moins de 50mètre du métro station Chateau-Rouge ligne 4 Bus 31 et 56
31082		Studio tout équipé (lit double, cuisine, lave-linge, télévision, linge de toilette) à deux pas du sacré coeur dans un quartier très sympa animé la journée avec de nombreux bars et brasseries au pied de l'immeuble et qui reste très calme la nuit.
31083	47 SQM in Paris is not THAT small ! 1 leaving room with kitchen fully equipped dinning table for 4 5 persons... 1 small bed room with double bed 1 mezzanine with double mattress	Renovated top floor flat with amazing view.  Has 1 separate little room + 1 Mezzanine. Be careful many stairs to climb up there. 47 SQM in Paris is not THAT small ! 1 leaving room with kitchen fully equipped dinning table for 4 5 persons... 1 small bed room with double bed 1 mezzanine with double mattress The small building entrabce in the middle of the public staircase of Montmartre. Then Flat is on the 4th Floor. Yes no problem. I am reactive and speaks English French, German and Spanish
31084	Its location in the heart of Montmartre.	Our apartment is located at a walking distance from Sacré Cœur (10 minutes), and Pigalle (15 minutes). The nearest metros are Lamarck (line 12), Blanche (line 2), and Place de Clichy (line 2 and 13). Many shops surround the apartment such as supermar Its location in the heart of Montmartre. We provide towels, bed sheets, tea, coffee, sugar, salt, pepper, toilet paper, soap. By phone anytime you need informations. Métros: Lamarck (Line 12), Blanche or Place de Clichy (Line 2 ans 13). Bus: n°95
31085	Appartement de 120m2 tout neuf dans une résidence calme et privée. Proche de Montmartre, des commerces (restaurants ethniques et marché bio La Chapelle). Point fort : rue très calme,grand balcon,cuisine équipée,proche des transports. Point faible: AUCUN. My apartment is 120 square meters and has recently been redone. It is located (email hidden)ly neighborhood of the 18th arrondissement.  The apartment, which I share with my three adorable roommates, contains all the amenities you will need to make your stay in Paris a comfortable one. My room is 12 meters square and has its own balcony overlooking the building’s courtyard. It’s very calm at night. The apartment has 2 bathrooms (one with a shower, the other with a bathtub), 2 toilets, 2 dressing rooms, 1 laundry room with a washing machine you can use. The kitchen is spacious and if you wish to cook, you will find an oven, a microwave and hot plates. Numerous transport solutions are available around the apartment which will allow you t	Appartement de 120m2 tout neuf dans une résidence calme et privée. Proche de Montmartre, des commerces (restaurants ethniques et marché bio La Chapelle). Point fort : rue très calme,grand balcon,cuisine équipée,proche des transports. Point faible: AUCUN. My apartment is 120 square meters and has recently been redone. It is located (email hidden)ly neighborhood of the 18th arrondissement.  The apartment, which I share with my three adorable roommates, contains all the amenities you will need to make your stay in Paris a comfortable one. My room is 12 meters square and has its own balcony overlooking the building’s courtyard. It’s very calm at night. The apartment has 2 bathrooms (one with a shower, the other with a bathtub), 2 toilets, 2 dressing rooms, 1 laundry room with a washing machine you can use. The kitchen is spacious and if you wish to cook, you will find an oven, a microwave and hot plates. Numerous transport solutions are available around the apartment which will allow you t
31086	C'est un appartement unique où une figure historique du XXe siècle habita, ainsi, il attire énormément le regard des touristes et de leurs caméras. This is a unique apartment where a historical personality of the twentieth century lived and it attracts the gaze of tourists and their cameras.	Jolie studette de 12 m2, un salon, une cuisinette et une salle de bains. Un endroit très sympa à découvrir la vie parisienne.  Pretty small studio of 12 m2, a living-room, a kitchenette and a bathroom. A very nice place to discover Paisien life. C'est un appartement unique où une figure historique du XXe siècle habita, ainsi, il attire énormément le regard des touristes et de leurs caméras. This is a unique apartment where a historical personality of the twentieth century lived and it attracts the gaze of tourists and their cameras. Une très jolie studette dans le village de Montmartre, au pied du Sacré Cœur, près de Pigalle et le Moulin Rouge, les quartiers hyper-connus, vivants et joyeux de la ville de Paris. A really pretty studio in the village of Montmartre, at the foot of the Sacré Cœur, near Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the hyper-known and cheery neighborhoods in Paris. Métro Abbesses (ligne 12) & Pigalle (ligne 2), Station Vélib', Bus, Funiculaire de Montmartre.
31087		Single room near Montmartre , in very nice area , the station guy mocquet and porte de clignancourt is very near . A lot of market and restaurant in this area .
31088		Petit studio à Montmartre. Très bien situé, à 50 mètres de la place du Tertre. Vu
31089	The kitchen includes, microwave, fridge, oven, coffee machine and kitchen utensils. Otherwise, there is also a TV, hair dryer, shampoo.	The kitchen includes, microwave, fridge, oven, coffee machine and kitchen utensils. Otherwise, there is also a TV, hair dryer, shampoo. The entire flat is available I will be available by phone at (phone number hidden) Montmartre is one of the best known and most visited in Paris sites.   The Sacre Coeur Basilica is visible from most of the city's places and inevitably attracts the eye.   This celebrity is that Montmartre has hosted for more than a century the greatest artists Painters of the planet. You can access to Montmartre in two ways: by Metro and then walk or using funicular.   It is not recommendable to go there by car because of traffic jams and parking problems.   In all cases you will be taken to climb or descend the many stairs of the Butte. Abbesses line 12 at 180 meters of the flat Pigalle line 2 and 12 at 450 meters of the flat Blanche line 2 at 550 meters of the flat Montmartre funicular at 600 meters of the flat The Moulin Rouge at 600 meters of the flat Place du Tert
31090	Lovely 2 bedroom 43m2, Full of charm, located on the 5th floor (with elevator) overlooking courtyard. Very bright, 2 large windows in the living room & in the kitchen, in the entrance, in the bedroom and bathroom.  Old flooring, moldings.  Composed of an entrance, a large living room, a kitchen, a bedroom with a bed 2 seater 140 cm, a bathroom with bath and separate toilet.  My apartment is ideal for two people but can completely accommodate 4 people; obviously there is a bedroom and has a double sofa bed in the living room (less comfortable than a real bed, of course! but very good anyway)  I am a big fan of flea markets and design 50-60 years, each object has been carefully chosen, I love my apartment, I will be delighted to welcome you as I am sure you will feel wonderful! ! 	This flat is bright, quiet, cozy, decorated in a style 50 years and industrial-design, it has the charm of the old, hardwood floors, moldings. It is situated on the 5th floor (with an elevator). Near the subway and many bus's lines and shops!! Lovely 2 bedroom 43m2, Full of charm, located on the 5th floor (with elevator) overlooking courtyard. Very bright, 2 large windows in the living room & in the kitchen, in the entrance, in the bedroom and bathroom.  Old flooring, moldings.  Composed of an entrance, a large living room, a kitchen, a bedroom with a bed 2 seater 140 cm, a bathroom with bath and separate toilet.  My apartment is ideal for two people but can completely accommodate 4 people; obviously there is a bedroom and has a double sofa bed in the living room (less comfortable than a real bed, of course! but very good anyway)  I am a big fan of flea markets and design 50-60 years, each object has been carefully chosen, I love my apartment, I will be delighted to welcome you as I am
31091		Rent a cozy room for your stay in Paris in a 2 bedrooms appt. Access to the kitchen, living room and bathrooms. Very well located, typically Parisian flat. We are 2 roommates and one of us is going in holiday, pe
31092	Amazing 35m2 (376 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris: Sacre Coeur. Fully renovated charming old style flat (fireplace and woodfloor). State-of-the art design. Cosy, convenient and ideally located to visit and go out in Paris!  Walking mintues away from Sacre Coeur, Grand Boulevards, Opéra Haussmann shopping district. Nice area with cafés, restaurants and bars.  The apartment has a spacious bedroom with a Queen Size bed and large wardrobe. The place fits 2 comfortably. Wi-Fi, LAN Internet available.  The fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator, a micro-wave, an electric stove top, a coffee maker, a toaster, a tea pot.  Big bathroom with shower/bath. Separate toilet. Sheets and towels are provided. The neighbourhood is mostly residential, so it's safe and quiet with food shops, markets, delis just a few minutes away, and nice traditional Parisian Café/Brasserie just down the street. The apartment is a 1 minutes walk to the metro Anvers, Metro lines 2.  It also located 5 minut	We have a lovely flat in the center of Paris. The location is great - a few minutes walk from Sacre Coeur and close to several subway stations. The apartment is cosy, well secured and very quiet. It's close to plenty of supermarkets and restaurants. Amazing 35m2 (376 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris: Sacre Coeur. Fully renovated charming old style flat (fireplace and woodfloor). State-of-the art design. Cosy, convenient and ideally located to visit and go out in Paris!  Walking mintues away from Sacre Coeur, Grand Boulevards, Opéra Haussmann shopping district. Nice area with cafés, restaurants and bars.  The apartment has a spacious bedroom with a Queen Size bed and large wardrobe. The place fits 2 comfortably. Wi-Fi, LAN Internet available.  The fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator, a micro-wave, an electric stove top, a coffee maker, a toaster, a tea pot.  Big bathroom with shower/bath. Separate toilet. Sheets and towels are provided. The neighbourhood is mostly resi
31093	Appartement de 47 m2 situé dans le village Ramey, refait à neuf récemment, dans une petite rue calme en cour intérieure à l'italienne au 2ème étage d'un joli petit immeuble. Sur la butte Montmartre, proche des célèbres escaliers et à 5 min du Sacré cœur, l'appartement dispose d'un grand séjour salle à manger avec cuisine américaine toute équipée (plaques, four, réfrigérateur), une grande salle de bain avec baignoire, WC et lave-linge et d'une chambre avec un grand lit pour deux personnes. Vous disposez également de tout le linge de maison nécessaire (serviettes de toilette, draps, etc.) et d'un accès wifi illimité.	Appartement deux pièces avec cuisine américaine de 47m2 au pied de Montmartre, des commerces et des petits restaurants et bars qui animent le quartier. Idéal pour un couple, l'appartement est calme et spacieux. Appartement de 47 m2 situé dans le village Ramey, refait à neuf récemment, dans une petite rue calme en cour intérieure à l'italienne au 2ème étage d'un joli petit immeuble. Sur la butte Montmartre, proche des célèbres escaliers et à 5 min du Sacré cœur, l'appartement dispose d'un grand séjour salle à manger avec cuisine américaine toute équipée (plaques, four, réfrigérateur), une grande salle de bain avec baignoire, WC et lave-linge et d'une chambre avec un grand lit pour deux personnes. Vous disposez également de tout le linge de maison nécessaire (serviettes de toilette, draps, etc.) et d'un accès wifi illimité. Logement loué en entier. Je reste disponible et joignable par téléphone ou par mail en cas de besoin. Au coeur du village Ramey, petit village arty et bohème, et sur 
31094	The studio is at the 6 th and last floor of a stone building (lift) and overlooks the courtyard. The area is cosmopolitan and lively. Many shops, restaurants, bars, pharmacy and a market. The Butte Montmartre with 'Sacré-Coeur', 'Place du Tertre', 'Moulin Rouge' and Dali museum is 5 minutes from the apartment. Very well served: metro line 12 and line 4. Just 10 minutes from department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est and 20 minutes from Gar de Lyon and Gare Montparnasse. 4 Direct bus to the Champs Elysées, Luxembourg, the Louvre, 'Saint Germain des Prés' and Montmartrobus. Velib (bike) station at the foot of the building. I'll be happy to show you the tips neighborhood restaurant, shops, rides! Soon for a stay in Paris !	Lovely quiet studio of 22 square meters in Montmartre with real queen size bed, separate kitchenette and bathroom. Lively district with many bars and restaurants nearby. Very well connected, two subway lines nearby and numerous buses. The studio is at the 6 th and last floor of a stone building (lift) and overlooks the courtyard. The area is cosmopolitan and lively. Many shops, restaurants, bars, pharmacy and a market. The Butte Montmartre with 'Sacré-Coeur', 'Place du Tertre', 'Moulin Rouge' and Dali museum is 5 minutes from the apartment. Very well served: metro line 12 and line 4. Just 10 minutes from department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est and 20 minutes from Gar de Lyon and Gare Montparnasse. 4 Direct bus to the Champs Elysées, Luxembourg, the Louvre, 'Saint Germain des Prés' and Montmartrobus. Velib (bike) station at the foot of the building. I'll be happy to show you the tips neighborhood restaurant, shops, rides! Soon for a stay in Pari
31095	Tenemos una vista preciosa de la torre Eiffel, del arc de triomphe, et des Invalides. Y mil cosas mas, pequeño pero eficaz ;) mezzanine y un sofá convertible à cama.	"Nuestro departamento está ubicado en El mejor barrio de Paris en El corazón de ""Montmartre "" La habitación es silenciosa à pesar de estar en medio de restaurantes. Métro à un paso,super, tiendas de recuerdos, etc. Simplement Paris ;) Tenemos una vista preciosa de la torre Eiffel, del arc de triomphe, et des Invalides. Y mil cosas mas, pequeño pero eficaz ;) mezzanine y un sofá convertible à cama. Internet y en zonas comunes El respeto ante todo tocar las puertas y convivencia amable ;) Trabajamos desde temprano hay poco de ruido ( baño, secadoras etc..) Y estamos siempre disponibles en Los telefonos ya que tenemos horarios diferentes pero estamos para ayudar en todo lo q esté à nuestro alcance. Si te gusta El Arte, las experiencias en un lugar que sigue tal cual, con El verdadero sabor à Paris, tiene expectaculares vistas y mas que es la cuna de Los impresionitas de siglo XIX...  etc. 2 minutos El métro, 200 métros estacion de ""velib"" la bicicleta pública, ""autolib"" que es un carro éle"
31096	logement tres calme et donnant sur cour arborée et fleurie à 3 minutes des commerces ,du metro et des bus	"logement tres calme et donnant sur cour arborée et fleurie à 3 minutes des commerces ,du metro et des bus Je fais en général l'accueil des voyageurs?je leur indique tous les commerces et les éléments intéressants dans un rayon de 5 minutes autour du logement et plus loin,il m'arrive de les aider a reserver un taxi pour l'aeropôrt etc.. Il s'agit,à cinq minutes du sacré-coeur,d'un quartier ethniquement mixé et ""bobo""avec de nombreux cafés et restaurants fréquentés par un clientèle jeune et branchée.Indépendemment de supermarchés tres bien achalandés il y a aussi des commerces de bouche de grande qualite  metro:Chateau-Rouge à 3 minutes,Bus:85 à 3minutes"
31097	Adventurers of Paris, we will be pleased to welcome you in this spacious, modern and authentic loft under 2 years almost mythical Montmarte neighborhood. The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, and cleaning on departure)  The apartment is very well located, you have two metro stations nearby,  you access to all the sights of paris with facilities of access and very rapidements as two metro stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to  Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'is Gare du Nord, Gare Saint-Lazare).You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc. .... Montmartre is a 20 minute walk. This spacious rooms of 50m ² is located near montmarte in the 18th arrondissement. The ground floor and mezzanine this apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. It includes a mezzanine bedroom, a sofa bed in the lounge, a coffee table, a dining table, chairs, a 	Adventurers of Paris, we will be pleased to welcome you in this spacious, modern and authentic loft under 2 years almost mythical Montmarte neighborhood. The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, and cleaning on departure)  The apartment is very well located, you have two metro stations nearby,  you access to all the sights of paris with facilities of access and very rapidements as two metro stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to  Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'is Gare du Nord, Gare Saint-Lazare).You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc. .... Montmartre is a 20 minute walk. This spacious rooms of 50m ² is located near montmarte in the 18th arrondissement. The ground floor and mezzanine this apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. It includes a mezzanine bedroom, a sofa bed in the lounge, a coffee table, a dining table, chairs, a 
31098	Avec ses poutres apparentes, cet appartement ancien est agréable et confortable. Il est situé dans un quartier très plaisant par son calme et ses commerces. Proche du métro.	Belle chambre spacieuse aux poutres apparentes dans un quartier vivant très proche du Sacré-Cœur (tous types de commerces et de restaurants) et calme la nuit. À une minute du métro Jules Joffrin (12) et 5 minutes de Marcadet-Poissoniers (4). Avec ses poutres apparentes, cet appartement ancien est agréable et confortable. Il est situé dans un quartier très plaisant par son calme et ses commerces. Proche du métro. Une chambre (avec draps et serviettes fournis), une salle de bain (avec machine à laver) et une cuisine équipée Mon colocataire sera présent pour vous accueillir, vous renseigner et vous conseiller. English spoken Ce quartier calme à 5 minutes du Sacré Coeur et d'une des plus belle vue de Paris, propose de nombreux commerces à toute heure. On y apprécie aussi les restaurants variés et les bistrots parisiens. Idéal pour découvrir la vie de quartier parisienne. Métro 4 (Marcadet-Poissonniers) et 12 (Jules Joffrin), nombreux bus et bus de nuit. Une carte Vélib est laissée à dispos
31099	Our very modern apartment is located in a courtyard, on the ground level of a small and old building, extremely peaceful. It is made up of two spacious rooms. You enter the apartment through the living room. The perfectly well-equipped open-plan kitchen is on your left and gives onto the sitting room. The apartment looks like a movie set, joyful and colourful, straight from the movie Amélie Poulain: many objects, lamps, gadgets, and engravings on the wall.  The room is welcoming and pleasant: the sofa and the armchairs are comfortable, and all the windows open up on a flowery courtyard. The bedroom, in the same young and colourful style, has a queen size bed, a flat screen and a small desk. The adjoining bathroom is a true living area, with a lovely bathtub, decorated with pebbles, plants and candles: sinking into it after having spent the day wandering through Paris is such a pleasure! The terrace in the entrance, shielded from view, will allow you to have lunch or relax in a holiday-	Like a small house in the back of a courtyard, in a lovely street of Montmartre. Apartment with a terrace. Very calm, colourful, and joyful. Sleeps up to 2 people. Our very modern apartment is located in a courtyard, on the ground level of a small and old building, extremely peaceful. It is made up of two spacious rooms. You enter the apartment through the living room. The perfectly well-equipped open-plan kitchen is on your left and gives onto the sitting room. The apartment looks like a movie set, joyful and colourful, straight from the movie Amélie Poulain: many objects, lamps, gadgets, and engravings on the wall.  The room is welcoming and pleasant: the sofa and the armchairs are comfortable, and all the windows open up on a flowery courtyard. The bedroom, in the same young and colourful style, has a queen size bed, a flat screen and a small desk. The adjoining bathroom is a true living area, with a lovely bathtub, decorated with pebbles, plants and candles: sinking into it after h
31100	Grand appartement a partager ou à louer en entier au pied de Montmartre. Spacieux, lumineux et en bon état. Vous vivrez votre séjour à Paris comme un  vrai Parisien! 	"Grand appartement a partager ou à louer en entier au pied de Montmartre. Spacieux, lumineux et en bon état. Vous vivrez votre séjour à Paris comme un  vrai Parisien! Salon - cuisine + balcon - Salle de bain - WC Si vous souhaitez louer ma chambre uniquement, vous aurez le plaisir de rencontrer mon colocataire Adam, un charmant jeune homme de 25 ans et qui connait Paris comme sa poche. Le marché en bas de nos fenêtres tous les Jeudi et Dimanche. Les promenades dans les ruelles de Montmartres (10 min a pied) Les puces et les antiquaires de St Ouen (10 min a pied) Le bar ""la Renaissance"" a 5 minutes de chez nous ou a été tourné Inglorious Bastards :) Ligne de métro 12 - 13 - 4 Porte de Clignancourt (4) Porte de Saint Ouen (13) Jules Joffrin (12)"
31101	"A very sunny, typical Parisian flat, nice and quiet. Overlooking the whole of Paris: you will be like in a bird's nest.  50 square meters: 1 bedroom with double bed 1 living room, separate WC, bathroom, kitchen with cookware and appliances (fridge, freezer, gas oven, microwave, washing machine for clothes). Wifi access - a laptop is at your disposition. An extra bed for one possible for one personne.  The building is enclosed by a stone wall, digital code, doorman / concierge, nice neighborhood, quiet and blossoming courtyard where you can enjoy the sunshine.  Ideally located: 40m metro station ""Abbesses"" (line 12 - 5 stops away from the big department stores Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ...), 100 m station ""Pigalle"" (line 2), in the heart of the ""village"" of Montmartre, many shops (supermarkets, bakeries, boutiques, art and antiquities), cafes (the famous cafe featured in the movie ""Amelie""), restaurants, 5 minutes from the Basilica of Sacred Heart ...  Please note: no elevator - and"	"Sunny,typical Parisian flat,nice and quiet. Overlooking the whole of Paris: you will be like in a bird's nest in the heart of Montmartre. Of course you can find cheaper sutdio for two people, but the space and his personal touch make difference... A very sunny, typical Parisian flat, nice and quiet. Overlooking the whole of Paris: you will be like in a bird's nest.  50 square meters: 1 bedroom with double bed 1 living room, separate WC, bathroom, kitchen with cookware and appliances (fridge, freezer, gas oven, microwave, washing machine for clothes). Wifi access - a laptop is at your disposition. An extra bed for one possible for one personne.  The building is enclosed by a stone wall, digital code, doorman / concierge, nice neighborhood, quiet and blossoming courtyard where you can enjoy the sunshine.  Ideally located: 40m metro station ""Abbesses"" (line 12 - 5 stops away from the big department stores Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ...), 100 m station ""Pigalle"" (line 2), in the heart o"
31102	In a historical building with secure entry (door code), the apartment is on the 5th floor (without elevator), steps away from Marx Dormoy underground/subway station (line 12). Cosmopolitan neighborhood, close to many tourist attractions such as Sacré Coeur Basilica, Pigalle, Le Moulin Rouge, l’Elysée Montmarte, Michou.   The 32 m2 apartment has a separate bedroom and living room, high ceiling and new floorboards.  Ideally situated in the 18th “arrondissement” (district), on Evangile Street, close to numerous restaurants and friendly bars.  This street is well known for its neighborhood shops and gourmet markets.   With a cozy atmosphere, the bedroom has all it needs for comfort.  2 people bed, storage, hi-fi system, internet, clean sheets and towels.   The apartment can accommodate 2 more people (total of 4) as the living room has a sofa bed (sheets included).   Kitchen is fully equipped (oven stove, fridge, dishwasher and washing machine).   Underground/subway and other public transpo	In a historical building with secure entry (door code), the apartment is on the 5th floor (without elevator), steps away from Marx Dormoy underground/subway station (line 12). Cosmopolitan neighborhood, close to many tourist attractions such as Sacré Coeur Basilica, Pigalle, Le Moulin Rouge, l’Elysée Montmarte, Michou.   The 32 m2 apartment has a separate bedroom and living room, high ceiling and new floorboards.  Ideally situated in the 18th “arrondissement” (district), on Evangile Street, close to numerous restaurants and friendly bars.  This street is well known for its neighborhood shops and gourmet markets.   With a cozy atmosphere, the bedroom has all it needs for comfort.  2 people bed, storage, hi-fi system, internet, clean sheets and towels.   The apartment can accommodate 2 more people (total of 4) as the living room has a sofa bed (sheets included).   Kitchen is fully equipped (oven stove, fridge, dishwasher and washing machine).   Underground/subway and other public transpo
31103	This spacious and welcoming 1 bedroom apartment, located in one of the most desirable areas of the historic Montmartre District, is just around the corner form a charming neighborhood garden and a short, 3-minute stroll from the area's many restaurants and shops.  The absolutely beautiful and peaceful shared courtyard is perfect for enjoying your evenings in Paris after a full day of business or touring.   The recently remodeled apartment is sleek and clean with fresh paint, large windows, new appliances and updated cabinetry throughout.  The comfortable and large living room with a wall-mounted flatscreen tv provides you with all the comforts of home while being in one of this most celebrated areas of the City of Lights. The remodeled bathroom includes a tiled shower with mounted handheld shower jet, modern sink, and fluffy new towels.  The spacious bedroom includes wall shelves, a desk and a courtyard view through the large windows lining one wall.  The shared courtyard is ideal for 	Spacious, modern and recently remodeled 1 bedroom with courtyard in an ideal location in the historic Montmartre District sleeps 1-3 guests. This spacious and welcoming 1 bedroom apartment, located in one of the most desirable areas of the historic Montmartre District, is just around the corner form a charming neighborhood garden and a short, 3-minute stroll from the area's many restaurants and shops.  The absolutely beautiful and peaceful shared courtyard is perfect for enjoying your evenings in Paris after a full day of business or touring.   The recently remodeled apartment is sleek and clean with fresh paint, large windows, new appliances and updated cabinetry throughout.  The comfortable and large living room with a wall-mounted flatscreen tv provides you with all the comforts of home while being in one of this most celebrated areas of the City of Lights. The remodeled bathroom includes a tiled shower with mounted handheld shower jet, modern sink, and fluffy new towels.  The spaci
31104	Charming parisian apartment located on the 5th floor (no lift!), with a balcony - 85m2. Ideal for a family of  4/5 and can host up to 8 people (1 double bed, 1 sofa bed, 3 simple beds (1 bunk bed + 1 junior bed) and a baby bed - we can add an extra sofa bed if needed).	    2 bedrooms typical apartment with large living-room, kitchen and bathroom, in a lively popular area in the heart of Montmartre, walking distance to the Sacré-Coeur.    Charming parisian apartment located on the 5th floor (no lift!), with a balcony - 85m2. Ideal for a family of  4/5 and can host up to 8 people (1 double bed, 1 sofa bed, 3 simple beds (1 bunk bed + 1 junior bed) and a baby bed - we can add an extra sofa bed if needed). All equipments.  We can interact by mail or telephone. A relative will welcome the guests.  LIvely neighbourhood! Very easy to reach and very central to visit Paris: Metro lines 2 / 4. 10 min walk from gare du nord where you will find direct access to airports Roissy-Charles de Gaulle or Orly. 
31105	Newly renovated studio, located on the first floor, very quiet (partial courtyard view), bright with a real bed. 10 mins walking from Montmartre, 50 meters from Marcadet Poissonniers subway station (lines 4 and 12), 15 mins from Concorde and Chatelet Upon booking, we will provide you with a detailed info sheet about the apartment and neighborhood, restaurants, bars, markets etc. We live around the corner, so we are available to help with any needs. What I like most about the area is the closeness to Montmartre (the north side, which is less touristy), combined with great subway access for going almost anywhere in Paris. It's an up-and-coming, multi-cultural area.  It's also not far to the Puces de Saint Ouen, a gigantic flea and antiques market. We'll provide you with some inside advice to avoid the outskirts of trashy swap meet vendors and figure out the maze of stalls. The Marcadet Poissonnier subway stations which serves lines 4 and 12 is 50 meters away. Those are two awesome lines 	Newly renovated studio, located on the first floor, very quiet (partial courtyard view), bright with a real bed. 10 mins walking from Montmartre, 50 meters from Marcadet Poissonniers subway station (lines 4 and 12), 15 mins from Concorde and Chatelet Newly renovated studio, located on the first floor, very quiet (partial courtyard view), bright with a real bed. 10 mins walking from Montmartre, 50 meters from Marcadet Poissonniers subway station (lines 4 and 12), 15 mins from Concorde and Chatelet Upon booking, we will provide you with a detailed info sheet about the apartment and neighborhood, restaurants, bars, markets etc. We live around the corner, so we are available to help with any needs. What I like most about the area is the closeness to Montmartre (the north side, which is less touristy), combined with great subway access for going almost anywhere in Paris. It's an up-and-coming, multi-cultural area.  It's also not far to the Puces de Saint Ouen, a gigantic flea and antiques m
31106	Our studio appartment is new-built, cosy and perfect for a romantic week-end ! Nevertheless it can receive untill 3 persons (a mezzanine bed 1 person, very comfortable + a sofa-bed 2 persons). Kitted out and very bright, it has also a balcony. Located in the 18th district (very peaceful and very typical), it is close to a pretty covered market and many grocer's shops are at proximity ! Come to discover the colored charms of Paris !	Hi, we propose to you our little studio (with balcon), for a week-end in Paris ! In the 18th district, close to every transport (M° Simplon L4), at 15min walking from Montmartre. Come and discover the charms of the north of Paris ! Our studio appartment is new-built, cosy and perfect for a romantic week-end ! Nevertheless it can receive untill 3 persons (a mezzanine bed 1 person, very comfortable + a sofa-bed 2 persons). Kitted out and very bright, it has also a balcony. Located in the 18th district (very peaceful and very typical), it is close to a pretty covered market and many grocer's shops are at proximity ! Come to discover the colored charms of Paris ! All the equipment of the flat. We can, without any problem lend you maps of Paris, of the subway, etc. We can also give you some advises to visit the city if you wish ! The 18th district is one of the most affordable of Paris, moreover developing itself very fast. Perfect for small budgets, if you look for the authentic Paris, far
31107	22 m2 consists of: - A living room with a sofa that can convert into a bed 2 places - A kitchen with work area (hotplates and sink) and a bamboo table for 4 people for dinner - A room with a baguette which turns into a real bed 2 places - A fully tiled shower - A small private garden The studio is on the ground floor which is very easy to access. The studio is decorated in a zen and chic spirit. It is located 5 minutes from the sacred heart, the center of the Abbesses district, in a quiet street just minutes from all the restaurants, shops and bars of the typical district of Paris.	Apartment of 22 m2 (bedroom, kitchen and separate from the main room toilets) brand new (June 2014), neo contemporary style. find all the comfort and tranquility of a Zen chic and 5 minutes from Sacred Heart apartment. 22 m2 consists of: - A living room with a sofa that can convert into a bed 2 places - A kitchen with work area (hotplates and sink) and a bamboo table for 4 people for dinner - A room with a baguette which turns into a real bed 2 places - A fully tiled shower - A small private garden The studio is on the ground floor which is very easy to access. The studio is decorated in a zen and chic spirit. It is located 5 minutes from the sacred heart, the center of the Abbesses district, in a quiet street just minutes from all the restaurants, shops and bars of the typical district of Paris. The nearest metro station is Abbesses (line 12), 5 minutes from the apartment I am reachable by email, sms or phone me or my husband will welcome you personally to give you the keys and tell y
31108	Well equiped studio with a terrace, ideal for a couple. Located near Montmartre and very well served by public transportation. Visit very easily every district of the French capital. (Opera - Louvre 20mn - 25mn Champs -Elysée - Eiffel Tower 30mn)	Beautiful and cosy studio just next to the Sacré-Coeur. Ideal for couple visiting Paris during a week or less! The location is easily accessible by public transportation (subway & bus). I would be really glad to welcome you and show you around!  Well equiped studio with a terrace, ideal for a couple. Located near Montmartre and very well served by public transportation. Visit very easily every district of the French capital. (Opera - Louvre 20mn - 25mn Champs -Elysée - Eiffel Tower 30mn) You will own the entire apartment during your stay. You will enjoy the living room (TV, sofa bed) and its terrace to have a peaceful lunch. At your disposal a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave, ceramic hob, coffee maker ). And a bathroom with a large tub and a closet to store your travel luggage.  Someone will give you the key at your arrival. I will be available at anytime to answer your questions ;) Probably the most eclectic district of Paris. Montmartre gather in the same time popular, arty
31109	Apartment to rent with one bedroom: 4th floor with elevator, looks over a beautiful garden, no apartment opposite, full East oriented. Spacious living room and very nicely organized and decorated by myself(I am a furniture designer and cabinet maker!), WC separated, bathroom with a bath, bedroom with TV and DVD player(A huge collection of DVD available), open-plan kitchen, washing machine, internet wifi. Very calm and secure area, all stores(supermarket, excellent bakery, drugstore, take away restaurants, grocer 24H/24, etc less than 200M), tube station Guy Mocquet(line 13) 5 minutes walk, Lamarck-Caulaincourt 5/10 minutes walk. Apartment located behind the Montmartre hill, 15 minutes walk to Place du Tertre, the heart of Montmartre. Le Louvres museum: 20mn Chatelet/Notre Dames Cathedral/the historical heart of Paris: 25mn The Eiffel Tower: 30mn I welcome you to show you all details and recommended places and shops. 	Apartment to rent with one bedroom: spacious living room, nicely organized and decorated by myself as I am a furniture designer and cabinet maker. 10 mn walk to the heart of montmartre, delicious bakery at the corner, metro easy access. Apartment to rent with one bedroom: 4th floor with elevator, looks over a beautiful garden, no apartment opposite, full East oriented. Spacious living room and very nicely organized and decorated by myself(I am a furniture designer and cabinet maker!), WC separated, bathroom with a bath, bedroom with TV and DVD player(A huge collection of DVD available), open-plan kitchen, washing machine, internet wifi. Very calm and secure area, all stores(supermarket, excellent bakery, drugstore, take away restaurants, grocer 24H/24, etc less than 200M), tube station Guy Mocquet(line 13) 5 minutes walk, Lamarck-Caulaincourt 5/10 minutes walk. Apartment located behind the Montmartre hill, 15 minutes walk to Place du Tertre, the heart of Montmartre. Le Louvres museum: 
31110	Pratique, bien agencé, chaleureux, il est éclairé par une lumière douce et décoré avec goût.  La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon, bien équipée, et permet de partager les apéritifs et la préparation du dîner, en musique aussi!	Studio charmant donnant sur cour au pied de la butte Montmartre.  Calme, et chaleureux, sa petite cuisine équipée et ses lumières tamisées seront parfaites pour vous réconforter après une journée de visites, comme de travail. Pratique, bien agencé, chaleureux, il est éclairé par une lumière douce et décoré avec goût.  La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon, bien équipée, et permet de partager les apéritifs et la préparation du dîner, en musique aussi! Vous aurez accès à ma bibliothèque de CD, DVD et multiples livres.  A l'équipement de ma cuisine: four, micro-ondes, plats et casseroles en tout genres. A votre arrivée, je serais présente pour vous expliquer les commodités, puis récupérer les clefs à la fin de votre séjour. Je me tiendrais disponible pour toute autre questions avant et pendant la location. J'aime la vivacité de ce quartier, son éclectisme: Pouvoir y croiser des jeunes parisiens, des touristes curieux, des artistes, des promeneurs et des travailleurs. J'aime encore déambuler
31111	Between La Villette (nice, big and relaxing park along the canal) and Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), my apartment is located on an old typical building (floor-tiles...) completely restorated. I hope you'll have the best stay you've ever dream of!! Available for a couple (queen bed in the bedroom with a very comfortable matress plus an air-bed for one person) who want to experiment the genuine parisian experience! There are two big windows in the kitchen/living-room, one in the bedroom.  The kitchen and the bathroom are all furnished.	Charming little flat (26 Sq m) close to everything you need : transports, supermarkets, market, swimming pool... and all you'll visit. LOOK OUT : 4th floor, no lift! Between La Villette (nice, big and relaxing park along the canal) and Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), my apartment is located on an old typical building (floor-tiles...) completely restorated. I hope you'll have the best stay you've ever dream of!! Available for a couple (queen bed in the bedroom with a very comfortable matress plus an air-bed for one person) who want to experiment the genuine parisian experience! There are two big windows in the kitchen/living-room, one in the bedroom.  The kitchen and the bathroom are all furnished. You will have access to the whole apartment Depending of your times of arrival and departure, I'll try to give you the keys and could advice you some tips for your stay. I will be available by phone and e-mail. The neighborhood is central, family friendly, cosmopolitan ; unknow from most tourists. 
31112		F2 de 30 à Paris 18, libre en week-end et même quelquefois en semaine entière du vendredi au dimanche. 1 chambre avec 2 lits un grand et un petit et un canapé-lit dans le salon. Internet, cuisine, salle de bain. available from 20 june - 30 july 2015
31113		Charmant trois pièces sur cour, tout confort (cuisine équipée, SDB avec toilettes, télé, wifi...) Immeuble calme et familial, discrétion exigée. Quartier vivant, commerces, bars, restaurants. 10 min à pieds du Sacré cœur et Abbesses. Photo sur dme.
31114	This studio is located on the 1st floor (elevator available). Fully equipped, it can accommodate 1 person up to 2 people (An air bed is also available). Nearby shops and transports. Montmartre, le Sacré Coeur, le Canal St Martin, the Buttes Chaumont park, the Department stores (i.e. Le Printemps et Les Galeries Lafayette ) and the Opéra house are at walking distance (between 10 to 30 min walk). Fully furnished and equipped kitchen and bathroom. Household linen provided (sheets, bath towels, dish towels...)	This studio is a simple and charming place to stay for an unforgettable Parisian experience. This studio is located on the 1st floor (elevator available). Fully equipped, it can accommodate 1 person up to 2 people (An air bed is also available). Nearby shops and transports. Montmartre, le Sacré Coeur, le Canal St Martin, the Buttes Chaumont park, the Department stores (i.e. Le Printemps et Les Galeries Lafayette ) and the Opéra house are at walking distance (between 10 to 30 min walk). Fully furnished and equipped kitchen and bathroom. Household linen provided (sheets, bath towels, dish towels...) Indian and French working class districts. Great walks along the Canal de l'Ourcq and the Canal St Martin. Get a 360 view of Paris from the Buttes Chaumont park. Bistro, restaurants and delicatessen shops as well as outdoor markets. * Direct access from and to the both airports by RER B express train (stop at Gare du Nord; 35 to 45 minutes, av. 12 euros fare). * Public transportation availabl
31115	This apartment belongs to 2 passionate people working in the media. The flat is thus very cosy, well decorated, comfortable and fully equipped.  - 5mn walk from Sacré Coeur - 5mn from the Metro (line 4, the best for tourists: direct to train stations, Le Louvre, Notre Dame, St Germain, the Flea market etc. ideal!) - On the 4th floor, with lift, it is filled with light, and has a nice open view. - 6 sleepings - filled with light - fully equipped - arty spirit In one of these side streets filled with restaurants, cafés and shops that make the real Paris, close to the cliché but not in the middle of it, you will enjoy sightseeing and feel Parisian in the same time. It counts : 1 bedroom with queen size bed 1 bedroom with king size or 2 singles 1 living room with dining room and library, and an extra double sleeping (premium convertible couch) 1 entrance hall 1 fully equipped kitchen 1 bathroom with bath separate WC. Equipment includes: - High Speed Internet - Flatscreen TV - Fridge - Stov	This apartment belongs to 2 passionate people working in the media. The flat is thus very cosy, well decorated, comfortable and fully equipped.  - 5mn walk from Sacré Coeur - 5mn from the Metro (line 4, the best for tourists: direct to train stations, Le Louvre, Notre Dame, St Germain, the Flea market etc. ideal!) - On the 4th floor, with lift, it is filled with light, and has a nice open view. - 6 sleepings - filled with light - fully equipped - arty spirit In one of these side streets filled with restaurants, cafés and shops that make the real Paris, close to the cliché but not in the middle of it, you will enjoy sightseeing and feel Parisian in the same time. It counts : 1 bedroom with queen size bed 1 bedroom with king size or 2 singles 1 living room with dining room and library, and an extra double sleeping (premium convertible couch) 1 entrance hall 1 fully equipped kitchen 1 bathroom with bath separate WC. Equipment includes: - High Speed Internet - Flatscreen TV - Fridge - Stov
31116	Cet appartement est situé à 100 m du métro Abbesses, à 10mn de la basilique Sacré-Coeur et de la Place du Tertre. Il est au rez de chaussée donnant sur une cour arborée et très calme. Rénovée en 2014, cette studette de 12 m² est parfaitement équipée d'une douche neuve, d'un canapé-lit convertible et d'un matelas DUNLOPILLO de 15cm très confortable neufs, ainsi que d'une tv LG et d'une connexion internet haut débit avec accès WIFI gratuit. Les wc attenants à la studette sont situés juste en face sur le palier et sont privatifs. Vous disposerez de 2 plaques de cuisson vitrocéramiques et de tous les ustensiles pour cuisiner, d'une cafetière, et d'un sèche cheveux.	Cet appartement est situé à 100 m du métro Abbesses, à 10mn de la basilique Sacré-Coeur et de la Place du Tertre. Il est au rez de chaussée donnant sur une cour arborée et très calme. Rénovée en 2014, cette studette de 12 m² est parfaitement équipée d'une douche neuve, d'un canapé-lit convertible et d'un matelas DUNLOPILLO de 15cm très confortable neufs, ainsi que d'une tv LG et d'une connexion internet haut débit avec accès WIFI gratuit. Les wc attenants à la studette sont situés juste en face sur le palier et sont privatifs. Vous disposerez de 2 plaques de cuisson vitrocéramiques et de tous les ustensiles pour cuisiner, d'une cafetière, et d'un sèche cheveux. Cet appartement est situé à 100 m du métro Abbesses, à 10mn de la basilique Sacré-Coeur et de la Place du Tertre.  Montmartre est l'un des quartiers les plus visités de Paris, c'est le Village des Artistes. Promenez vous sur la Place du Tertre, le rendez vous des peintres parisiens, visitez le musée Dali, le cimetière Montmartre
31117	Conveniently located next to the metro Jules Joffrin (L12) and Marcadet Poissonniers (L4). This charming apartment is located in a typical Parisian building and is in a very cosmopolitan Paris. A few steps from the streets Ordener and Caulaincourt, Boulevard Barbes and near The bottom of Montmartre, The Sacre Coeur is less than 10 minutes walk.	Conveniently located next to the metro Jules Joffrin (L12) and Marcadet Poissonniers (L4). This charming apartment is located in a typical Parisian building and is in a very cosmopolitan Paris. A few steps from the streets Ordener and Caulaincourt, Boulevard Barbes and near The bottom of Montmartre, The Sacre Coeur is less than 10 minutes walk. The apartment is 24m2 is located on the 6th floor without elevator. It consists of a large living room: The lounge area with a comfortable sleep sofa, a flat screen TV. A dining area with bar, an entrance, a kitchen, a bedroom area with double bed A shower room with WC. Discover this friendly neighborhood of Paris where all the shops are close to the apartment (supermarkets, merchants, cafes etc ...), you are also located just minutes from the trendy neighborhoods of Les Abbesses Lamarck and (Theatres, Cinemas , fashion shops, pubs, etc ...) and the subway to enjoy your stay in Paris! Two subway lines are accessible from the station: Line 4, dir
31118		Appartement bien équipé avec vue sur le parc et situé juste à côté du métro (ligne 13) et des bus (66, 81, 31 ...) En bas de l'appartement, vous tombez directement sur tous les commerces dont vous aurez besoin. Pour les sportifs, l'appartement est équipé en matériel de musculation et fitness.
31119	Le studio se situe au 5ème étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur. 	Studio de 27m2, entièrement meublé et équipé, avec machine à laver/sèche-linge, grandes fenêtres sur balcon, canapé-lit Habitat en cuir, internet et parking au sous-sol. À 5 minutes à pied du métro Stalingrad. Supérette et restaurants dans la rue. Le studio se situe au 5ème étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur. Accès à tout le logement. Le propriétaire se tient à votre disposition pour vous remettre les clés, vous faire visiter et répondre à toute autre question. Le studio se situe entre la Rotonde de Stalingrad (quartier Jaurès) et le quartier de la rue Pajol, à deux pas du canal St Martin (au niveau du Point Ephémère) et du canal de l'Ourq qui mène à la Villette. Accessible via les métros Stalingrad (lignes 5 et 7) et Jaurès (lignes 2 et 7bis)
31120	Notre appartement est lumineux et calme, nous avons pris soin de le rénover avec un aménagement et une décoration très personnelle.  Notre 30m² se compose : d'une  pièce de vie très agréable avec le salon (canapé, bureau) et la cuisine équipée (plaque, four, grille pain, presse agrume, cafetière, théière, machine à laver...). D'une chambre séparée claire et aérée avec un lit deux places, un bureau. Et d'une petite salle d'eau.  Les nombreuses plantes que nous avons dans notre appartement en font son charme et son exotisme. Pour préserver ce cadre nous demandons aux voyageurs séjournant longtemps de leur donner quelques soins basiques (arroser/vaporiser).  Our appartment is luminous and quiet. Since we have it, we took great care of it by making it personnal.  It is 30m² composed by :  a very nice living room (couch and desk) a fully equiped kitchen (cooking plates, oven, toaster, citrus press, coffeemaker, teapot, washing machine...) a bright and airy bedroom with a double bed and anot	Bienvenu dans notre beau et confortable appartement, entièrement équipé pour que vous y passiez un agréable séjour. Welcome in our beautiful and confortable apartment, fully equiped for you to spend a nice stay. Notre appartement est lumineux et calme, nous avons pris soin de le rénover avec un aménagement et une décoration très personnelle.  Notre 30m² se compose : d'une  pièce de vie très agréable avec le salon (canapé, bureau) et la cuisine équipée (plaque, four, grille pain, presse agrume, cafetière, théière, machine à laver...). D'une chambre séparée claire et aérée avec un lit deux places, un bureau. Et d'une petite salle d'eau.  Les nombreuses plantes que nous avons dans notre appartement en font son charme et son exotisme. Pour préserver ce cadre nous demandons aux voyageurs séjournant longtemps de leur donner quelques soins basiques (arroser/vaporiser).  Our appartment is luminous and quiet. Since we have it, we took great care of it by making it personnal.  It is 30m² compose
31121	Appartement de 2 pièces de 40m2, spacieux et confortable, au 1er étage (sans ascenseur), donnant sur une cour calme. Il est situé dans une copropriété agréable avec cour et terrasse collective dont vous pourrez profiter. Proche de Montmartre, de Pigalle, du centre culturel le 104, des quais de Seine... Nombreux moyens de transport (métro 12 et 2, RER B et D, bus, vélibs), qui vous permettront de rejoindre très facilement les autres quartiers de Paris et ses principaux centres d'intérêts	Appartement spacieux et confortable, situé dans une copropriété calme et agréable (terrasse collective) Situé dans un quartier animé avec de nombreux commerces à proximité Proche Montmartre, quais de Seine, Gare du Nord Nombreux moyens de transports Appartement de 2 pièces de 40m2, spacieux et confortable, au 1er étage (sans ascenseur), donnant sur une cour calme. Il est situé dans une copropriété agréable avec cour et terrasse collective dont vous pourrez profiter. Proche de Montmartre, de Pigalle, du centre culturel le 104, des quais de Seine... Nombreux moyens de transport (métro 12 et 2, RER B et D, bus, vélibs), qui vous permettront de rejoindre très facilement les autres quartiers de Paris et ses principaux centres d'intérêts A tout l'appartement La cuisine équipée (plaque, four combiné, grille-pain, bouilloire) est à votre disposition pour pouvoir préparer vos repas. Linge de lits et serviettes de bains fournis Accès wifi Disponible pour donner les bons plans du quartier et les 
31122	Spacieux et lumineux appartement de 2 pièces douillet et confortable.  Balcon avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré-Coeur Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes, toutes commodités à moins de 5min à pied! Quartier animé très agréable Spacieux et lumineux appartement de 2 pièces douillet et confortable.  Balcon avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré-Coeur Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes, toutes commodités à moins de 5min à pied! Quartier animé très agréable Appartement de 40 mètres carrés, lumineux et calme. 10 minutes à pieds du sacré coeur, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, quartier des Abbesses. Quartier populaire, de nombreux restaurants, cafés et magasins aux alentours. Grand lit dans la chambre et canapé convertible dans le salon.  Cuisine ouverte équipée Logement entier tout équipé. Je serais ravi de vous donner mes recommendations de visites, de bon restaurants et must parisiens. Quartier vivant et animé, cosmopolite et chaleureux. Plusieurs ligne de métro à proximité:  _ Chateau Rouge (ligne 4  Notre dame 	Spacieux et lumineux appartement de 2 pièces douillet et confortable.  Balcon avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré-Coeur Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes, toutes commodités à moins de 5min à pied! Quartier animé très agréable Spacieux et lumineux appartement de 2 pièces douillet et confortable.  Balcon avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré-Coeur Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes, toutes commodités à moins de 5min à pied! Quartier animé très agréable Spacieux et lumineux appartement de 2 pièces douillet et confortable.  Balcon avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré-Coeur Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes, toutes commodités à moins de 5min à pied! Quartier animé très agréable Appartement de 40 mètres carrés, lumineux et calme. 10 minutes à pieds du sacré coeur, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, quartier des Abbesses. Quartier populaire, de nombreux restaurants, cafés et magasins aux alentours. Grand lit dans la chambre et canapé convertible dans le salon.  Cuisine ouverte équipée Logement entier tout équipé. Je serais
31123	This charming two-room is located in the centre of the vibrant and famous Montmartre neighbourhood, Les Abbesses. Globetrotters will have all the means to realize their dreams and weave their fondest memories. Sometimes by raising eyes, you will observe on walls or pavements, artists' short-lived works of the movement Street Art.  A wink to the Urban Design in this open-air gallery ! We love our friends Parisian painters and expose their works in this beautiful space for most great pleasure of our hosts... An original and atypical way of revealing them invaluable work. This bright apartment situated on the second floor, has a lovely room with view of the Dome of the Sacred Heart and you will bring all the necessary comfort during your stay. It is ideal for a family with two children or for friends who know each other well. Opportunity to provide a cot if you have a baby under 2 years. It is composed of: - 4 Double glazed windows with external shutters to darken, - 4 blinds to screen th	Come and discover the real Montmartre at two steps from the funicular that will bring you to the Sacred Heart Basilica, place du Tertre and its high district in color ! This charming two-room is located in the centre of the vibrant and famous Montmartre neighbourhood, Les Abbesses. Globetrotters will have all the means to realize their dreams and weave their fondest memories. Sometimes by raising eyes, you will observe on walls or pavements, artists' short-lived works of the movement Street Art.  A wink to the Urban Design in this open-air gallery ! We love our friends Parisian painters and expose their works in this beautiful space for most great pleasure of our hosts... An original and atypical way of revealing them invaluable work. This bright apartment situated on the second floor, has a lovely room with view of the Dome of the Sacred Heart and you will bring all the necessary comfort during your stay. It is ideal for a family with two children or for friends who know each other we
31124		Je sous loue mon appartement, bien situé dans un bel immeuble parisien, meublé et très confortable.
31125	Living room  Great living-room all day sun, overlooking the garden space. Beautiful parquet wood white. Home video lounge with chain design for lovers of jazz or classical. Satellite TV wide screen HD, 300 channels. DVD player and ready IPHONE / IPAD  The apartment is completely equipped with WIFI free hi-flow. Sofas and white Armchairs Barcelona. Big Library with novels  and beautiful books ! Bedroom The Nest A double room as a cosy nest everything of white medal recipient, purified for a rest in harmony. A bed of 2 x 1,40 m. Soft and sieved light. In the floor Premium Bedroom A vast bedroom with bed of 1,40m, 2 people, very clear and sunny. White Public prosecutor's department. Desk. with Tv. Mezzanine Bedroom Relaxation, meditation and bedroom pour 1 personn. music.  	Close to Montmartre, true Grand loft duplex design with charm, family (5 people) of 130 m2 in old factory nineteenth century. 2nd floor. Very Bright. Living room  Great living-room all day sun, overlooking the garden space. Beautiful parquet wood white. Home video lounge with chain design for lovers of jazz or classical. Satellite TV wide screen HD, 300 channels. DVD player and ready IPHONE / IPAD  The apartment is completely equipped with WIFI free hi-flow. Sofas and white Armchairs Barcelona. Big Library with novels  and beautiful books ! Bedroom The Nest A double room as a cosy nest everything of white medal recipient, purified for a rest in harmony. A bed of 2 x 1,40 m. Soft and sieved light. In the floor Premium Bedroom A vast bedroom with bed of 1,40m, 2 people, very clear and sunny. White Public prosecutor's department. Desk. with Tv. Mezzanine Bedroom Relaxation, meditation and bedroom pour 1 personn. music.   The loft in duplex apartment is situated in a place of residence ver
31126	The room is big, cosy and gas large window that lets in lot of lights! The bed is large and confortable.	"Hi everyone, We are currently renting a big private room (15m²) in a nice flat (53m²)  4 minutes by foot from Montmartre. The district is safe, lovely and really close to the food markets/restaurants/cafés/bars, perfect to discover the ""real"" Paris! The room is big, cosy and gas large window that lets in lot of lights! The bed is large and confortable. You will have free access to all utilisites (living room, kitchen, bathroom...). Do not hesitate to relax by watching a good movie on the sofa! :) I will be on vacation this summer but Steve, my roommate, will be there. He is a really nice person who is passionate about music (soul, bossa, deep house..) and travels. He would be happy to welcome you and advise if necessary about your stay in Paris. The neighborhood is a big advantage! Located a few minutes away from Montmartre (by foot) and near to local markets, bars, restaurants.. It is a real pleasure to live so close  to a fascinating part of Paris! :) - Jules Joffrin (line 12) at 4 m"
31127	""" L'appartement se situe au rdc d'un bel immeuble haussmanien sur jardin privé de 150 (website hidden) votre chambre sans vis-à-vis,vous pourrez profiter pleinement de la nature.Le salon vous donne accès à la terrasse de 50 (website hidden) cuisine toute en inox est spacieuse,moderne et équipée d'un piano de (website hidden) décoration est soignée et très appréciée. "" "" L'appartement se situe dans un des endroits les plus romantiques de Paris, avec ses artistes, ses vignes, ses lieux historiques, ses restaurants et ses petits bars. "" "" The apartment is located in an old and typical parisian building with access to a 200 m2 private garden. From your room, you can appreciate the beautiful environning nature. Through the living room, you can access the 50 m2 terrace. The modern kitchen is large and includes all best equipments. The owner likes designed furnitures. "" "" The appartment is located in one of the most romantic place in Paris : Montmartre with all its artists, historical monumen"	""" L'appartement se situe au rdc d'un bel immeuble haussmanien sur jardin privé de 150 (website hidden) votre chambre sans vis-à-vis,vous pourrez profiter pleinement de la nature.Le salon vous donne accès à la terrasse de 50 (website hidden) cuisine toute en inox est spacieuse,moderne et équipée d'un piano de (website hidden) décoration est soignée et très appréciée. "" "" L'appartement se situe dans un des endroits les plus romantiques de Paris, avec ses artistes, ses vignes, ses lieux historiques, ses restaurants et ses petits bars. "" "" The apartment is located in an old and typical parisian building with access to a 200 m2 private garden. From your room, you can appreciate the beautiful environning nature. Through the living room, you can access the 50 m2 terrace. The modern kitchen is large and includes all best equipments. The owner likes designed furnitures. "" "" The appartment is located in one of the most romantic place in Paris : Montmartre with all its artists, historical monumen"
31128	Space is cozy and comfortable, ideal for two. Everything is new and working perfectly. Clean and calm. Hi speed internet, free phone calls in 100 countries. Free mobile calls in France, Canada and USA.	Montmartre's the painters area, colorful, charming, often reserved to pedestrians. The apartment is in the heart of it. Calm, comfortable and renewed. Once out of the building, bread, fruits, vintage shops, & more 2 Metro stops near by. Space is cozy and comfortable, ideal for two. Everything is new and working perfectly. Clean and calm. Hi speed internet, free phone calls in 100 countries. Free mobile calls in France, Canada and USA. Sheets and towels limitations: you got an item each person. If you need more towels or sheets, a fee of 7 euros each clean item will be charged. I will be happy to help anytime! I will be present as possible also at the check in and check out. My neighborhood is calm and safe, people just love having a coffee, a drink and sometimes a cigarette, relaxing at the sidewalks cafe. I love the fresh bread in the morning served with a discreet smile by the owner of the boulangerie. People living here know each other because Montmartre is a village in the city of 
31129	L'appartement refait il y a un an par un architecte est un petit cocon au cœur de Paris. Ce petit deux pièces, confortable et totalement équipé, offre une oasis de repos après une journée dans Paris. La cuisine et la salle de bain, compactes mais pratiques et très confortables laissent de la place à un séjour qui dessert toutes les pièces. J’espère que vous vous sentirez aussi bien dans cet endroit que nous. 	Cet appartement où il fait bon vivre a été rénové il y a un an ; situé au cœur du quartier cosmopolite et en mouvement de la goutte d'or, à 5 min de la gare du Nord, il permet de rejoindre le cœur de paris en quelques minutes. L'appartement refait il y a un an par un architecte est un petit cocon au cœur de Paris. Ce petit deux pièces, confortable et totalement équipé, offre une oasis de repos après une journée dans Paris. La cuisine et la salle de bain, compactes mais pratiques et très confortables laissent de la place à un séjour qui dessert toutes les pièces. J’espère que vous vous sentirez aussi bien dans cet endroit que nous. je laisse à l'appartement des informations sur le quartier et la ville, et serai ravie de vous renseigner par email sur les endroits que j'aime à Paris. Le quartier de la goutte d'or est une des dernières zones populaires et cosmopolites de Paris. En quelques pas vous pourrez rejoindre le célèbre marché africain de la rue Dejean, puis aller déguster des pâtis
31130	Have sweet dreams in a comfortable and large bedroom (+16m²) with a great double bed (140 cm).  If you ever need to work, our wooden desktop, just by the window with its soft chair will be perfect to help you out getting brilliant ideas ! The cosy living room will allow you to rest, chill out, read, listen to music or just dream. The large wooden table will be perfect for lunch or dinner and the smooth sofa will provide you the love you need to rest during your vacations.	Situated in the well-loved Montmartre neighborhood, this parisian two rooms flat, is charming and quiet. It has all the amenities for a nice stay in Paris for one or two people ! Enjoy its kitchen and its proximity to the subway and bus. Have sweet dreams in a comfortable and large bedroom (+16m²) with a great double bed (140 cm).  If you ever need to work, our wooden desktop, just by the window with its soft chair will be perfect to help you out getting brilliant ideas ! The cosy living room will allow you to rest, chill out, read, listen to music or just dream. The large wooden table will be perfect for lunch or dinner and the smooth sofa will provide you the love you need to rest during your vacations. Walk to the Montmartre various food shops and make yourself a gourmet meal in the fully equipped kitchen.  Always feel fresh and clean thanks to the separated bathroom : functionnal with its shower, sink, mirror, hair dryer and so on.  You can use our washing machine and be sure to al
31131		Appartement tout équipé typiquement parisien avec moulures au plafond, cheminées et parquet. Quartier accessible proche  transports (métro 4/12, noctiliens, bus et velib') , commerces. Clair et agréable, idéal pour un séjour en couple ou entre amis.
31132	Cosy and bright. Ideal for love birds.	Charming one-bedroom apartment on a bright top floor in a nice little street at the bottom of Montmartre hill. Walking distance from Sacré-Coeur basilica (7min), metro lines 2 & 12 (Anvers 3min, Abbesess 7min). Loads of bars & restaurants close by. Cosy and bright. Ideal for love birds. The whole place is yours! Including wifi of course. Montmartre is one the most beautyful and typically Parisian district of the French capital city. Being at the bottom of the hill offers a unique view of the Sacré-Coeur basilica while being surrounded by shops and so-very-French bars and restaurants. You are at walking distance from Anvers metro station (line 2), Abbesses station (line 12) and bus lines 30, 54 & 85.
31133		"Hi and welcome to my room, placed right in the living neighborhood of the 18th arrondissement, two steps away from l'eglise du Sacre-Coeur and  Montmartre. Seriously it's like 15 minutes walking.  I moved in the appartment in July '15 so it's still new and not yet really ""ours"", but it stands in a really cool part of Paris and my room is very bright.  In the appart METRO: Marcadet-Poissonniers or Simplon"
31134	La localisation à Montmartre, a 10 minutes à pied de la Butte Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, a 10 minutes en métro des Grands Magasins et l'Opéra,  à 15 minutes de Champs Elysées, Louvre. 	Mon studio est très clair, calme, vue dégagée sur un joli  Square plein d'arbres et fleurs, on se reveille avec le chant des oiseaux, a trois minutes de la station Lamarck Caulincourt, près de cafés, restaurants, un mignon marché, cinémas La localisation à Montmartre, a 10 minutes à pied de la Butte Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, a 10 minutes en métro des Grands Magasins et l'Opéra,  à 15 minutes de Champs Elysées, Louvre.  Accès à tout le studio Assez réduite car je ne serai pas là C'est un quartier très agréable, avec plein de restaurants, commerces, artistes, cafés sympas, la meilleure pizzeria de Paris est à deux pas Le métro et plusieurs lignes de bus sont à 3 minutes. A 15 min en bus de Gare du Nord pour prendre le train aux aéroports de Roissy Charles de Gaulle et Orly. Une station de  Velib et Autolib sont à deux minutes de chez moi.
31135	Climatisation. Cuisine neuve entièrement équipée. Super vue du Sacré-coeur en pied	"Quartier attractif et dynamique. Résidence récente soignée. Climatisation. Cuisine neuve entièrement équipée. Super vue du Sacré-coeur en pied Tout L'appartement. Bail de 6 mois mini à 12 mois maxi. Oui, sans problème. Quartier du bas Montmartre. Résidence ""Jules Joffrin - Montmartre""  Rue du Poteau -marhé permanent- Tout commerces et traiteurs à proximité immédiate. Métro Jules Joffrin Famille de 3 ou 4 personnes maxi et ayant des revenus confortables et réguliers."
31136		1 chambre (1 grand lit 2 personnes -Tv-wifi-ps4  dvd-dressing 1 sejour-cuisine (1 clic clac-cuisine equipe)1 salle de bain (wc-baignoire-machine à laver)Proximité des mtr marcadet poissonniers-jules joffrin  Nombreux commerces dans le quartier. 7mn
31137	J'habite à Montmartre, à 5 minutes du Sacré Coeur  (au métro Abbesses)  et je vous propose une chambre pour 1 personne (mais avec un grand lit confortable !)  avec le petit déjeuner... Vous aurez le confort d'un bon hôtel plus la chaleur d'un accueil personnalisé. Je vous attends ! L'appartement fait 67 m2, est orienté plein sud et a été entièrement rénové en 2012. La chambre que vous occuperez comprend : - Lit double 140X190 avec chevet et lampe. - Grande penderie / étagères-bibliothèque / grands miroirs /  - TV écran plat face au lit. Internet wifi - Fenêtre au sud sur rue, double vitrage, double rideaux (calme et noir assurés).  - 1 fauteuil, 1 chaise. Le reste de l'appartement est constitué d'un grand double living (45m2) avec une partie salon, (cheminée,TV, HIFI, canapés, fauteuils, bibliothèques) un coin salle à manger et une partie séparée par un paravent (bureau et lit double).  La salle de bains fermée avec baignoire y est intégrée. Cet espace bénéficie de 5 fenêtres sud-sud-o	Chambre privée de 15 m2 sur rue, soleil et calme (double vitrage)  avec lit double, chevet, penderie, petite table, chaise et fauteuil, tapis sur parquet, bref joliment décorée.  La chambre est à l'entrée de l'appartement face aux toilettes séparées et à la cuisine ce qui vous garantit une autonomie par rapport au reste de l'appartement. Vous avez accès à tout (wifi inclus) et le petit déjeuner est offert !!! J'habite à Montmartre, à 5 minutes du Sacré Coeur  (au métro Abbesses)  et je vous propose une chambre pour 1 personne (mais avec un grand lit confortable !)  avec le petit déjeuner... Vous aurez le confort d'un bon hôtel plus la chaleur d'un accueil personnalisé. Je vous attends ! L'appartement fait 67 m2, est orienté plein sud et a été entièrement rénové en 2012. La chambre que vous occuperez comprend : - Lit double 140X190 avec chevet et lampe. - Grande penderie / étagères-bibliothèque / grands miroirs /  - TV écran plat face au lit. Internet wifi - Fenêtre au sud sur rue, doub
31138	bedroom 12 M2 located in a flat of 42 M2 	FOREIGNERS TRAVELLERS ARE WELCOME ! Bedroom for one or two persons just in front of the station (metro Porte de la Chapelle)  line 12 from Roissy bus 350 (stop porte de la chapelle) access bathroom  bedroom 12 M2 located in a flat of 42 M2 Bathroom  i can give informations about Paris 
31139	In a nice neighborhood, near the Canal Saint Martin, and accessible by three metro lines. 25 square meter Parisian apartment at metro (subway) Stalingrad. Many Parisian tourist destinations are within 30 minutes of the apartment, accessible by subway lines: 2, 5 and 7 only a few steps away. The apartment consists of two parts: An entrance with sofa and table,a small kitchen with oven, microwave, stove and laundry washing machine.  There is also a counter with stools to eat.  The bedroom has a large double bed with storage cupboard.  There is also a small bathroom with a shower.	small apartment in an evolving arrondissement. Functional , bright, perfect for holidays for two. Close to the St Martin Canal, less than 30 minutes from all the Parisian nice places . In a nice neighborhood, near the Canal Saint Martin, and accessible by three metro lines. 25 square meter Parisian apartment at metro (subway) Stalingrad. Many Parisian tourist destinations are within 30 minutes of the apartment, accessible by subway lines: 2, 5 and 7 only a few steps away. The apartment consists of two parts: An entrance with sofa and table,a small kitchen with oven, microwave, stove and laundry washing machine.  There is also a counter with stools to eat.  The bedroom has a large double bed with storage cupboard.  There is also a small bathroom with a shower.
31140	"Flat entirely redesigned and renovated recently : completely repainted, with new furnitures and new household equipments. This one bedroom apartment has double-glazed windows, a high ceiling and wooden floors, but also : - A master bedroom with a queen-size bed (160 x 200 cm), bedside lamps and a large wardrobe. - A lively living room space with ""Parisian bistro"" design's table and two chairs. - An open kitchen equipped with a micro-wave, a fridge, two vitro-ceramic hobs, a coffee machine and a kettle. The cutlery, knives, mugs, pans, pots, etc. are provided. - A bathroom including a large shower, a sink and a toilet ; it is equipped with a mirror, a heater / electric heated towel rail, a hair dryer and storages. You will find also : - Hi-speed Internet (fiber optic); - Television with 100 channels+ in multiple languages; - Vacuum and household cleaning products; - Fresh sheets and towels are provided free of charge. ----------- Located on the ground floor of the main building and acce"	"This apartment, fully refurbished recently, is well furnished, comfortable, and well-located. It is perfect for any couple or individual travelling to Paris.  It is equipped with a queen size bed, a nice bathroom and a handy kitchen. ----------- Flat entirely redesigned and renovated recently : completely repainted, with new furnitures and new household equipments. This one bedroom apartment has double-glazed windows, a high ceiling and wooden floors, but also : - A master bedroom with a queen-size bed (160 x 200 cm), bedside lamps and a large wardrobe. - A lively living room space with ""Parisian bistro"" design's table and two chairs. - An open kitchen equipped with a micro-wave, a fridge, two vitro-ceramic hobs, a coffee machine and a kettle. The cutlery, knives, mugs, pans, pots, etc. are provided. - A bathroom including a large shower, a sink and a toilet ; it is equipped with a mirror, a heater / electric heated towel rail, a hair dryer and storages. You will find also : - Hi-speed"
31141	L'appartement est idéalement situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, endroit rêvé pour un séjour romantique. Le Sacré Coeur et la place du Tertre, célèbre pour ses peintres et artistes, sont à 7 min. à pied.  C'est un charmant studio au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode) entièrement rénové dans un esprit vintage. C'est un charmant studio au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode)  tout en profitant de l'effervescence  de Montmartre (restaurants,bars, cabarets...). Il peut accueillir 2 personnes et dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires dont vous aurez besoin pour profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Il est composé : -d'un séjour avec canapé convertible en lit 2 places très fonctionnel et aussi confortable qu'un vrai lit (draps fournis). La télévision, un lecteur DVD et  la connexion internet wifi(fibre)  sont à votre disposition.  -d'un coin repas avec table et chaises bistrot. -d'une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour très bien équipé	L'appartement est idéalement situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, endroit rêvé pour un séjour romantique. Le Sacré Coeur et la place du Tertre, célèbre pour ses peintres et artistes, sont à 7 min. à pied.  C'est un charmant studio au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode) entièrement rénové dans un esprit vintage. C'est un charmant studio au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode)  tout en profitant de l'effervescence  de Montmartre (restaurants,bars, cabarets...). Il peut accueillir 2 personnes et dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires dont vous aurez besoin pour profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Il est composé : -d'un séjour avec canapé convertible en lit 2 places très fonctionnel et aussi confortable qu'un vrai lit (draps fournis). La télévision, un lecteur DVD et  la connexion internet wifi(fibre)  sont à votre disposition.  -d'un coin repas avec table et chaises bistrot. -d'une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour très bien équipé
31142		Appartement de 83m²  - Grand Salon (32²) avec canapé-lit très confortable, 1 chambre avec lit double, 1 chambres d'enfants avec lit superposés, cuisine, salle de bains, toilettes - Local à Vélo
31143	Attention, pas d'ascenseur, mais lorsque vous arriverez tout là-haut au 6ème étage, vous oublierez rapidement les marches en découvrant la capitale comme vous ne l'avez jamais vue... une vue incroyable à 180° sur les toits et les monuments de Paris (la Tour Eiffel, le Grand Palais, les Invalides, le Musée d'Orsay, Notre-Dame, ... et bien sûr, le Sacré-Coeur !).	Au dernier étage de cet ancien dispensaire de Georges Clemenceau, rue des Trois Frères, ce grand Studio pour 4, de 30m², entièrement rénové, est très fonctionnel et 100% équipé. Vous êtes au coeur de Montmartre, idéalement placé pour visiter Paris. Attention, pas d'ascenseur, mais lorsque vous arriverez tout là-haut au 6ème étage, vous oublierez rapidement les marches en découvrant la capitale comme vous ne l'avez jamais vue... une vue incroyable à 180° sur les toits et les monuments de Paris (la Tour Eiffel, le Grand Palais, les Invalides, le Musée d'Orsay, Notre-Dame, ... et bien sûr, le Sacré-Coeur !). Entièrement équipé (Freebox REVOLUTION, wifi, jeux, DVD, cafetière, presse agrumes, grille-pain, bouilloire, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche-linge, ...). Vous serez comme à la maison... Vous serez accueillis par Dominique et Sébastien, les propriétaires des lieux qui vous conseilleront sur les bonnes adresses (restaurants, petits déjeuners/brunchs, bars animés, ...). Vous êtes au co
31144	"Studio of charm in the heart of Montmartre situated in a very quiet little street just behind the ""famous vineyards of Montmartre"". The decoration has been completly newly redecorated in 2014 with love in a contemporary and elegant style. High ceiling, overlooking the courtyard, in charming old french building, very quiet, on the 4th floor with elevator, situated in a little street behind the vineyards of Montmartre. Living room with a big and confortable bed (160/200), clean laundered sheets and pillow (website hidden), WIFI illimited, Hifi with CD. Kitchen fully furnished, Coffee Nespresso machine, Micro-onde-heaven-grill, Fridge, Kettle, Toaster, Tea pot, cups, glasses and dishes, Iron board, hoover. A big wardrobe dressing with coat-hanger. Bathroom with shower, WC, towels, hairdryer, soap and shampoo are provided."	"Sweet Studio situated in the heart of Montmartre close Sacré Coeur, calm. Newly decorated in contemporary elegant style. Fully furnished, big confortable bed, TV,WIFI,kitchen with Micro-Onde, Nespresso,fridge,bathroom-shower, towels,hairdryer,shampoo Studio of charm in the heart of Montmartre situated in a very quiet little street just behind the ""famous vineyards of Montmartre"". The decoration has been completly newly redecorated in 2014 with love in a contemporary and elegant style. High ceiling, overlooking the courtyard, in charming old french building, very quiet, on the 4th floor with elevator, situated in a little street behind the vineyards of Montmartre. Living room with a big and confortable bed (160/200), clean laundered sheets and pillow (website hidden), WIFI illimited, Hifi with CD. Kitchen fully furnished, Coffee Nespresso machine, Micro-onde-heaven-grill, Fridge, Kettle, Toaster, Tea pot, cups, glasses and dishes, Iron board, hoover. A big wardrobe dressing with coat-ha"
31145	Well located 65 m2 apartment on the right bank, close to Montmartre and Sacré Cœur. Very parisien typical apartment. Fully equiped. Direct access from CDG airport, Eurostar, Thalys and TGV. Light and quiet. 2 bedroom / 1 bathroom. Available for 4 to 6 people.  2 good quality queen size beds + oneconvertible sofa in the living room.  The flat has satellite HDTV & wifi included.  Fully equipped kitchen. Plenty of room at the table for meals.  Washing machine and dryer also available.	Très bel appartement de type haussmannien situé à Montmartre. Très calme donnant sur une cour avec vue dégagée. Proche station de métro, situé à 5 minutes à pieds de la gare du Nord et du Sacré Cœur. Well located 65 m2 apartment on the right bank, close to Montmartre and Sacré Cœur. Very parisien typical apartment. Fully equiped. Direct access from CDG airport, Eurostar, Thalys and TGV. Light and quiet. 2 bedroom / 1 bathroom. Available for 4 to 6 people.  2 good quality queen size beds + oneconvertible sofa in the living room.  The flat has satellite HDTV & wifi included.  Fully equipped kitchen. Plenty of room at the table for meals.  Washing machine and dryer also available. full access Appartement situé dans le quartier de Montmartre. Métro lignes 2 et 4 et situé à 5 minutes à pieds de la gare du Nord. Station de bus située dans l'immeuble.
31146	You are at the heart of the most charming Parisian neighborhood: at the bottom of Montmartre. You are two people visiting Paris and you want a cozy home. Here you can relax on your terrace after enjoying the Parisian life.	"Spacious studio awaits you at the bottom of Montmartre. Ideally located to visit Paris for two. Enjoy its nice little peaceful terrace to relax after your walks. You are at the heart of the most charming Parisian neighborhood: at the bottom of Montmartre. You are two people visiting Paris and you want a cozy home. Here you can relax on your terrace after enjoying the Parisian life. You have the all apartment and its terrace  with a fully furnished kitchen.  We provide linen: bed sheets, towels ... Wifi-tv and free phone calls to many countries.  for your confort, It is forbidden to smoke in the apartment (allowed on the terrace). Unfortunatly, pets are not allowed We are living very close to the apartment so we can react very quickly in case you need. the ""place du Tertre"" and ""Sacré Cœur"" with its unbelievable point of view all over avec Paris. The area is full of ""small coffes"" and restaurant not to be missed. One of the place to see : 'Dali space. ""This museum is a real step back in"
31147	Maison d'environ 90 m2 avec en plus une petite terrasse privée et une grande  terrasse commune a l'étage. Deux chambres dont une avec sanitaire à l'étage idéale pour deux enfants. 90 m2 house with a small terrace on first level and a second common terrace on the second level. Two bedrooms one bathroom and two toilets. Ideal for two children. 	Ancienne carrosserie rénovée par une architecte, très calme en fond de cour, elle peut accueillir 4 personnes très confortablement. New on airbnb - Contemporary loft comfortably accomodates 4 Maison d'environ 90 m2 avec en plus une petite terrasse privée et une grande  terrasse commune a l'étage. Deux chambres dont une avec sanitaire à l'étage idéale pour deux enfants. 90 m2 house with a small terrace on first level and a second common terrace on the second level. Two bedrooms one bathroom and two toilets. Ideal for two children.  La chapelle / Marx Dormoy. Proche de la gare du Nord et de la gare de l'est le quartier Marx Dormoy est en pleine rénovation. Bars, théatres, Expo ((website hidden)) restaurants et boutiques design animent de plus en plus le quartier. Egalement à quelques minutes de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur et très proche d'un très beau marche parisien, le Marché de l'Olive. Metro ligne 12 (arrêt Marx Dormoy) et ligne 2 (La Chapelle). Bus n. (phone number hidden) nuitées 
31148	Available from (phone number hidden) to (phone number hidden) bedroom (with double bed), 1 hall, 1 kitchen-living room with sofa bed (can be used as a bed for 2 children or 1 adult). 1 shower room with sink and toilet. electrical equipment, fridge, freezer, washing machine, oven, microwave, ceramic (website hidden) and deposit required Price 450 euros / week Near public transportation. Shopping district.	Available from (phone number hidden) to (phone number hidden) bedroom (with double bed), 1 hall, 1 kitchen-living room with sofa bed (can be used as a bed for 2 children or 1 adult). 1 shower room with sink and toilet. electrical equipment, fridge, freezer, washing machine, oven, microwave, ceramic (website hidden) and deposit required Price 450 euros / week Near public transportation. Shopping district.
31149	The building stays in a small street next to the square. The loft is bright, thanks to its large skylight and 2 windows. The loft was designed by an Award winner designer The apartment was design by a French architect, now living in Australia. This loft owner is an artist of rare talent : a portraitist. The loft belongs to an Australian friend of us, a portraitist. In this apartment, among many other paints, Ralph Heimans painted the first official portrait of Princess Mary of Denmark. It received widespread critical acclaim in Danish, European and Australian Media. Transportation is easy. Most interesting Paris spots may be reached in 15 minutes. As a bonus, Phone calls to land lines in France, and to US, Canada and australia are generaly free. It is also true for more than 50 countries. More over, calls to cell phones towards specific countries (often US & Canada) may also be free. Ask us for detail as it may vary with time and policies of operators. Once guest reservation is confirm	One cannot dream of a better location in Montmartre (up to 5 guests). It lies in the living heart of Montmartre, the “Abbesses” district. It stays 50 footsteps from the Place des abbesses, where the subway and a charming & lively square are located. The building stays in a small street next to the square. The loft is bright, thanks to its large skylight and 2 windows. The loft was designed by an Award winner designer The apartment was design by a French architect, now living in Australia. This loft owner is an artist of rare talent : a portraitist. The loft belongs to an Australian friend of us, a portraitist. In this apartment, among many other paints, Ralph Heimans painted the first official portrait of Princess Mary of Denmark. It received widespread critical acclaim in Danish, European and Australian Media. Transportation is easy. Most interesting Paris spots may be reached in 15 minutes. As a bonus, Phone calls to land lines in France, and to US, Canada and australia are generaly 
31150	Really in the center of Montmartre. Area visited from all over the world. You can live and enjoy the beauty of the most picturesque district of Paris....just below the house. A few steps you have Place du Tertre ( Square Painters) and Sacré Cœur. Studio for 1 or 2 people.	  Studio in Montmartre, 20 mt2. A two steps from the Place du Tertre ( Square Painters). With all kind of shops, bars, restaurants. Bus stop under the house (Montmartrobus), Subway near (Anvers, Abbesses, Lamark). Room, bathroom, kitchenette, Wifi.      Really in the center of Montmartre. Area visited from all over the world. You can live and enjoy the beauty of the most picturesque district of Paris....just below the house. A few steps you have Place du Tertre ( Square Painters) and Sacré Cœur. Studio for 1 or 2 people. Space reserved entierely for you and cooking is possible. I'll ne there on the day of the arrival of guests, if i Will be impossible I will leave the keys to a friend for you. The rom Will be fully available. I am an artist, and as such I love this neighborhood of painters. Visit the artists's square, the space Dali and the Museum of Montmartre. From CDG airport, take RER B to Gare du Nord, after take Line 2 to Porte Dauphine and stop at Anvers station. Go up to the fu
31151	L'appartement est situé en plein cœur du quartier des Abbesses à Montmartre, juste en face de la place et du métro. C'est un très beau 2 pièces composé :  - d'1 cuisine - coin repas - salon avec canapé convertible en lit (120) pour un éventuel 3e voyageur, - d'1 chambre (lit 120), - d'1 salle de bains - d'1 WC indépendant situé au 4e étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur. Côté cour donc pas de nuisances sonores provenant de l'animation de la rue. The apartment is located in the heart of les Abbesses in Montmartre, just across the subway station. It's a beautiful apartment with : - 1 cuisine + 1 salon with a convertible sofa (bed 120) for a possible 3rd traveler, - 1 chamber (bed 120), - 1 bathroom  - 1 toilet independent  situated on the 4th floor in a building without elevator. The apartment is courtyard so it's really quiet, you don't heart the animation of the street.	Superbe appartement de 2 pièces, 32 m2, situé place des Abbesses dans le quartier de Montmartre. Très calme. Idéalement situé en face du métro et à 5 minutes de la butte Montmartre. ATTENTION : location acceptée pour 5 nuits minimum L'appartement est situé en plein cœur du quartier des Abbesses à Montmartre, juste en face de la place et du métro. C'est un très beau 2 pièces composé :  - d'1 cuisine - coin repas - salon avec canapé convertible en lit (120) pour un éventuel 3e voyageur, - d'1 chambre (lit 120), - d'1 salle de bains - d'1 WC indépendant situé au 4e étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur. Côté cour donc pas de nuisances sonores provenant de l'animation de la rue. The apartment is located in the heart of les Abbesses in Montmartre, just across the subway station. It's a beautiful apartment with : - 1 cuisine + 1 salon with a convertible sofa (bed 120) for a possible 3rd traveler, - 1 chamber (bed 120), - 1 bathroom  - 1 toilet independent  situated on the 4th floor in a buildin
31152	"Near Montmartre (5mn), this apartment is at feet of the subway ""Marcadet Poissonière"" (in 5mn of the station of the North and east). Ideal to visit Paris intra muros in the daytime and at night. One private room with a double bed (+ the possibility to put a mattress and/or use our convertible in the living room if you are 3) in a shared apartment. You'll have your own private toilet and lavabo."	"A beautiful parisian appartment of 808ft² at the 4th floor, near Montmartre (5min walk).  2 nice and large rooms with double beds. 1 fully equipped kitchen, 1 small bathroom, 2 toilets and 1 bright and spacious living room with a convertible bed. Near Montmartre (5mn), this apartment is at feet of the subway ""Marcadet Poissonière"" (in 5mn of the station of the North and east). Ideal to visit Paris intra muros in the daytime and at night. One private room with a double bed (+ the possibility to put a mattress and/or use our convertible in the living room if you are 3) in a shared apartment. You'll have your own private toilet and lavabo. Metro Marcadet Poissonière 1 minutes away.  - All touristic places close by (Sacré-Coeur, Dali Museum, Montmartre cemetery, Moulin Rouge, Halle Saint-Pierre…) - You have access to the entire flat (kitchen, bathroom and living-room) - You'll have your private toilets We can find some time to hang out, have diner at my place or outside, chat, wander in Pa"
31153		Beau loft en plein coeur du 18eme avec 2 couchages et cuisine. Ligne 4 et 12 du metro / very nice loft in 18eme with 2 beds and kitchen. Lines 4 and 12 of Subway
31154	Le logement est un petit T2 très cosy, agréable, et sur cours, mais malgré tout assez lumineux. Et il reste frais quand il fait chaud. Il n'y a pas de box internet mais je me connecte sur le réseau libre et ça fonctionne très bien. Il y a la vaisselle suffisante pour se préparer des repas, cafetière, grille pain, four, four à micro onde et plaque à inductions. Dans la salle de bain, il y a baignoire, evier, wc, et machine à laver	Ce petit appartement, très cosy, se compose d'un salon, avec cuisine américaine, une chambre avec un lit 2 places, et une salle de bain avec baignoire. Au 1er étage d'un immeuble, donnant sur cour, dans un quartier populaire très animé du 18e. Le logement est un petit T2 très cosy, agréable, et sur cours, mais malgré tout assez lumineux. Et il reste frais quand il fait chaud. Il n'y a pas de box internet mais je me connecte sur le réseau libre et ça fonctionne très bien. Il y a la vaisselle suffisante pour se préparer des repas, cafetière, grille pain, four, four à micro onde et plaque à inductions. Dans la salle de bain, il y a baignoire, evier, wc, et machine à laver Vous aurez accès au logement en entier Le quartier est populaire, c'est le 18e, riche de ses cultures, sa mixité sociale et culturelle.  L'appartement est situé face à un parc, le square Léon, très familial, à coté de l'église St Bernard, jolie petite place où se trouvent des bars et restaurants. A quelques minutes à pie
31155	Ce bel appartement de 43m² avec pierres apparentes et IPN colorées est chaleureux et donne sur une cour fleurie. Il dispose d'une cuisine américaine, salle de bain neuve, un grand lit et un convertible avec vrai matelas pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Situé dans le quartier de l'Olive, vous serez à 10 minutes de Montmartre et du bassin de la Villette. Il est proche des cinémas MK2 et du canal Saint Martin, de l'espace culturel Le 104, de nombreux restaurants et commerces et du jardin d'Eole. Le marché de l'Olive vous enchantera avec ses produits frais et les nombreux transports à proximité vous permettront de vadrouiller dans tout Paris. Le Métro Marx Dormoy est sur la ligne 12 qui dessert entre autres Abbesses (funiculaire de Montmartre), Pigalle, Saint Lazare, Concorde, Assemblée Nationale, Solférino (Musée d'Orsay), Montparnasse... 	F2 ouvert 43m² pouvant accueillir 4 personnes 1 grand lit 2 places 1 convertible avec vrai matelas 2 places  Cuisine Américaine équipée Salle de Bain sur mesure Rez de Chaussée sécurisé donnant sur cour fleurie avec 3 grandes fenêtres sans vis à vis Ce bel appartement de 43m² avec pierres apparentes et IPN colorées est chaleureux et donne sur une cour fleurie. Il dispose d'une cuisine américaine, salle de bain neuve, un grand lit et un convertible avec vrai matelas pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Situé dans le quartier de l'Olive, vous serez à 10 minutes de Montmartre et du bassin de la Villette. Il est proche des cinémas MK2 et du canal Saint Martin, de l'espace culturel Le 104, de nombreux restaurants et commerces et du jardin d'Eole. Le marché de l'Olive vous enchantera avec ses produits frais et les nombreux transports à proximité vous permettront de vadrouiller dans tout Paris. Le Métro Marx Dormoy est sur la ligne 12 qui dessert entre autres Abbesses (funiculaire de Montm
31156	The apartment is comfortable and fully equipped.  It features a bright main room, a separate toilet, a pleasant bathroom and a separate kitchen. 	Attractive studio at the foot of Montmartre in a quiet retail area close to restaurants, bars and shops.  While the area is lively, the apartment does not face the street, but onto a peaceful  courtyard. The Sacré Cœur is a 10 minute walk.  The apartment is comfortable and fully equipped.  It features a bright main room, a separate toilet, a pleasant bathroom and a separate kitchen. All the apartment. By email or phone Montmartre, Pigalle, Barbès, La Rue du Poteau, Clichy... 10 minutes from Le Sacré-Coeur ! Subway: line 12 and 4 ( Station Jules Joffrin or Marcadet Poissonnière ) Bus : Many lines to the heart of Paris  + Montmartrobus Direct access from Gare du Nord, Montparnasse and Saint Lazare. 
31157	Nice apartment in a beautiful building in the heart of Montmartre (Lamarck and it's beatiful little streets, full of restaurants, bars and shopping) The biggest double bedroom has a confy bed a little balcony and the bathroom has a nice tub where you can relax after a day walking and visiting Paris. Bel appartement haussmannien dans joli immeuble, au cœur de Montmartre (Lamarck et ses rues pleines de restaurants et bars très parisiens). La plus grande chambre avec un grand lit confortable, petit balcon, la salle de bains avec baignoire so relax.	Come and stay in a typical montmartrois building ! Very nice, cosy and clean, double bedroom fully equiped apartment in a splendid area with loads of restaurants, shopping, bars and parisians things to do.  Nice apartment in a beautiful building in the heart of Montmartre (Lamarck and it's beatiful little streets, full of restaurants, bars and shopping) The biggest double bedroom has a confy bed a little balcony and the bathroom has a nice tub where you can relax after a day walking and visiting Paris. Bel appartement haussmannien dans joli immeuble, au cœur de Montmartre (Lamarck et ses rues pleines de restaurants et bars très parisiens). La plus grande chambre avec un grand lit confortable, petit balcon, la salle de bains avec baignoire so relax. Me or my lovely french roomate Nicolas will be here to share the place with you and to help you if you need something (question, places to go, things o see...) Moi ou Nicolas mon cher coloc, partagerons l'appart avec vous et serons disponibl
31158	large family apartment that welcomes you with open arms in front of a Paris subway and a very lively !  Small flowered terrace for calm and sun from 11am to 15h.	I welcome in 2 privates rooms in my apartment, 85 m2, near the subway Guy Moquet in the 18e. Spacious, comfortable, a small flowered terrace and quiet for aperitifs and at the foot of the building (bakers, butchers, supermarkets...) large family apartment that welcomes you with open arms in front of a Paris subway and a very lively !  Small flowered terrace for calm and sun from 11am to 15h. You have access to the entire apartment and two rooms on 3 (the last being occupied all the time by a student with her bathroom). Lovely area, at the foot of the apartment: greengrocers, butchers, bakers, florists, a Crossroads, a Leader Price and Franprix open late (Franprix is open all day and Sunday). You can come to me via the subway Guy Moquet (line 13), bus 31 and 81
31159	DESIGN APARTMENT 10 MN FROM MONTMARTRE •striking imagery throughout, prestigious setting  •4 people maximum, 40 sqm •1 bedroom, 1 bathroom  •ground floor, internet •location Paris 18ème - Montmartre Short introduction Striking images of the Eiffel Tower abound in this attractive Paris duplex apartment, which displays eye-catching modern styling across its two floors. A varied palette of bold colours characterise the interior spaces, while iconic tower is an ever present feature, for your optimum Parisian experience. With its sought-after Montmartre setting, nestled among a wealth of superb restaurants and nightspots, the Calmels apartment offers you a genuine taste of Paris metro living. neighbourhood and location The 18ème Montmartre area is one of Paris’ most distinctive districts for its winding, narrow streets that lead up to the hill-top; the breath-taking Sacré Coeur and the best views in Paris. Montmartre has a long artistic history which continues to this day in Place du Tertre	A design and confortable apartment in Paris  10 mn walking from the basilica of Sacré-Coeur in Montmartre DESIGN APARTMENT 10 MN FROM MONTMARTRE •striking imagery throughout, prestigious setting  •4 people maximum, 40 sqm •1 bedroom, 1 bathroom  •ground floor, internet •location Paris 18ème - Montmartre Short introduction Striking images of the Eiffel Tower abound in this attractive Paris duplex apartment, which displays eye-catching modern styling across its two floors. A varied palette of bold colours characterise the interior spaces, while iconic tower is an ever present feature, for your optimum Parisian experience. With its sought-after Montmartre setting, nestled among a wealth of superb restaurants and nightspots, the Calmels apartment offers you a genuine taste of Paris metro living. neighbourhood and location The 18ème Montmartre area is one of Paris’ most distinctive districts for its winding, narrow streets that lead up to the hill-top; the breath-taking Sacré Coeur and the 
31160		Un bel espace à la décoration rétro, lumineux et fleuri. Idéal pour un couple. Un petit canapé et un très grand lit seront idéaux pour des moments de repos. Petite cuisine entièrement équipée et salle de bain. Appartement très calme. Petite cour, pour déposer un vélo
31161	Lovely apartment to rent (see calendar) 45m2 1 room, 1 Kitchen, 1 living room, a corridor,  a bath room, a little balcon! 18ème. in PARIS mixed neighborhood (indians restaurants...) 10 minutes by foot from Montmatre 15 minutes by foot from Canal Saint-Martin and 2 cinémas  Métro Barbès (ligne 4( to go to St Germain, odéon, Saint-Michel, centre Pompidou ) and ligne 2) Métro la chapelle (ligne 2 to go to Pigalle , 5 min en métro) 10 min from train Station Gare du nord ( ligne 5, rer B,D,E) internet included + washing machine (clothes)	lovely Flat next to Momtmartre Lovely apartment to rent (see calendar) 45m2 1 room, 1 Kitchen, 1 living room, a corridor,  a bath room, a little balcon! 18ème. in PARIS mixed neighborhood (indians restaurants...) 10 minutes by foot from Montmatre 15 minutes by foot from Canal Saint-Martin and 2 cinémas  Métro Barbès (ligne 4( to go to St Germain, odéon, Saint-Michel, centre Pompidou ) and ligne 2) Métro la chapelle (ligne 2 to go to Pigalle , 5 min en métro) 10 min from train Station Gare du nord ( ligne 5, rer B,D,E) internet included + washing machine (clothes) internet, maps of Paris, dictionnary... I would like to meet them once to advice about restaurants, things to do... Cosmopolit (indian food...) Métro Barbès (ligne 4( to go to St Germain, odéon, Saint-Michel, centre Pompidou ) and ligne 2) Métro la chapelle (ligne 2 to go to Pigalle , 5 min en métro) 10 min from train Station Gare du nord ( ligne 5, rer B,D,E) 
31162	Grand appartement avec parquet ancien, 2 chambres avec lits double, une salle à manger, un salon une cuisine équipée une salle de bain et une buanderie.	L'appartement est situé dans le quartier très commerçant et vivant de Jules Joffrin.  Vous trouverez à votre guise restaurants, cafés typiquement parisiens, marchés. L'endroit est grand (110m2) cosy, spacieux, et situé dans un immeuble ancien. Grand appartement avec parquet ancien, 2 chambres avec lits double, une salle à manger, un salon une cuisine équipée une salle de bain et une buanderie. Vous aurez à votre disposition l'accès wifi, la télévision, les nombreux dvd, le piano, le lave linge et le sèche linge. Les draps ainsi que les serviettes sont également fournis. L'appartement est situé à seulement 10 minutes à pied du Sacré coeur. Le quartier est très vivant et agréable: cafés, restaurants, commerces, etc... Métros:  Jules joffrin ou Lamarck-caulaincourt ( ligne 12)  Simplon ou Porte de Clignancourt ( ligne 4)  Bus: (phone number hidden)
31163		Au 5ème étage, cet appartement offre une chambre ainsi q'un salon/cuisine (équipée) avec un canapé lit.  Idéalement situé pour visiter Montmartre, les différents quartiers du 18ème, il est proche des métro 4 et 12.
31164	Le soleil tourne autour de l'appartement: présent dans la chambre le matin, il arrive dans le salon en milieu de journée et y reste jusqu'au soir. Le salon est donc très lumineux et sans vis-à-vis. Il donne sur une cour calme et un grand arbre vient mettre un peu de verdure dans cet appartement parisien.	Appartement situé au cœur du village de Montmartre dans une rue calme et pavée. L'appartement est lumineux et tout équipé, le salon, sans vis-à-vis donne sur une cour calme et arborée. Quartier vivant, plein de petits commerces, bars, bistrot,... Le soleil tourne autour de l'appartement: présent dans la chambre le matin, il arrive dans le salon en milieu de journée et y reste jusqu'au soir. Le salon est donc très lumineux et sans vis-à-vis. Il donne sur une cour calme et un grand arbre vient mettre un peu de verdure dans cet appartement parisien. Une liste des bonnes adresses du quartier, ainsi que des infos pratiques seront laissées aux invités. En cas de problème, des personnes habitant à proximité pourront être contactées. Ambiance village, ce quartier est typiquement parisien avec beaucoup de petits commerces, de bars et de bistrots. Le dimanche matin, un marché se trouve à une dizaine de minutes à pieds, où vous pourrez trouver de nombreux fruits et légumes à prix très abordable. 
31165	Face à un jardin intérieur, le studio de 20m² se compose : -d'une entrée/cuisine (grand placard, frigo, four) -d'une grande pièce (bureau, placard, lit BZ haut de gamme, table pliante 4 personnes avec chaises) -d'une salle de bain (lavabo, douche, toilette) L’ensemble est très lumineux et calme.	Si vous séjournez quelques jours dans la capitale, en couple ou entre amis, ce studio sera parfait pour vous!! Face à un jardin intérieur, le studio de 20m² se compose : -d'une entrée/cuisine (grand placard, frigo, four) -d'une grande pièce (bureau, placard, lit BZ haut de gamme, table pliante 4 personnes avec chaises) -d'une salle de bain (lavabo, douche, toilette) L’ensemble est très lumineux et calme. Depuis la Gare du Nord : RER D et B (direct depuis Orly et Roissy Charles de Gaule), Metro lignes 4,5,7, de nombreux bus, des trains nationaux et l'Eurostar Depuis La Chapelle : Métro ligne 2, bus et Vélib Depuis Marx Dormoy : Métro ligne 12, bus et Vélib Je serai présente lors de la remise des clefs  Cependant, je reste disponible par téléphone, mail et Facebook L’appartement est situé au métro La Chapelle, à 2km à pied de Montmartre mais aussi du canal Saint-Martin. Vous pourrez facilement découvrir le centre d’art « le 104 », aller au théâtre des bouffes du Nord ou encore au cinéma 
31166	Agréable 2 pièces de 45m2 rénové il y a 2ans, au 3étage d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien. Cuisine américaine équipée (Frigo, Four, Lave-Linge, 4 plaques de cuisson, Robots...).  Salon très spacieux (Canapé-Lit, Table à Manger, Table Basse, Hi-Fi, TV, Wifi...). Couloir avec Dressing, et toilettes séparées. Chambre avec Salle de Bain (Grande douche, Hi-Fi...) Fully furnished, with a big living room (Sofabed, Dining Table, Coffee Table, Hi-Fi, TV, Wifi...). An open kitchen (Refrigerator, washing machine, robots...) Corridor with Dressing and WC. Bedroom (2 places Bed, Hi-Fi) and his own bathroom with a large Shower. Logement entier + accès à une cave. Mise à disposition totale du logement pour 11 nuits. Rencontre avec le locataire et visite du quartier et des environs le premier jour. Plein de vie au cœur du  18e, où se mêlent les générations et les modes de vie. Exposition de quartier, Jardins Communs, Parcs et Commerces tout autour ! Arret La Chapelle (Ligne 2) à 1 min à pied. Arret Barbe	Bright, beautiful, fully furnished, everything's ready to welcome you in a joyful neighborhood at 2 steps from Montmartre. Agréable 2 pièces de 45m2 rénové il y a 2ans, au 3étage d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien. Cuisine américaine équipée (Frigo, Four, Lave-Linge, 4 plaques de cuisson, Robots...).  Salon très spacieux (Canapé-Lit, Table à Manger, Table Basse, Hi-Fi, TV, Wifi...). Couloir avec Dressing, et toilettes séparées. Chambre avec Salle de Bain (Grande douche, Hi-Fi...) Fully furnished, with a big living room (Sofabed, Dining Table, Coffee Table, Hi-Fi, TV, Wifi...). An open kitchen (Refrigerator, washing machine, robots...) Corridor with Dressing and WC. Bedroom (2 places Bed, Hi-Fi) and his own bathroom with a large Shower. Logement entier + accès à une cave. Mise à disposition totale du logement pour 11 nuits. Rencontre avec le locataire et visite du quartier et des environs le premier jour. Plein de vie au cœur du  18e, où se mêlent les générations et les modes de vie. Exposi
31167	The flat is totally restored, typical old fashion Parisian; all furnished, king size bed, bath, modern and comfort. 37m².	Located in the 18th arrondissement, close to Montmartre (5 minutes walk); at the second floor (no elevator) of a typically French building. Oriented south, the apartment is very sunny. Nice block with life but calm. The flat is totally restored, typical old fashion Parisian; all furnished, king size bed, bath, modern and comfort. 37m². No restriction except for the personal stuff (clothes, shoes, jewelry, beauty products...) It's not always possible for me to be there when you arrive so I will answer to all your questions by mail and I also prepare a small file which you will find in the kitchen, presenting the apartment, its equipments but also the neighbourhood, the best places to go (restaurant, café, shopping, and walk). I grew up in Paris, I know it like the back of my hand, it’s gonna be my pleasure to share it with you !!! Located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, the St-Bernard church neighbourhood is a very charming one with café and life but calm. It's located in the middl
31168		29 m², bright apartment, 10 minutes by foot from the Sacré-Coeur and 15 minutes from Garde du Nord. Between Château-Rouge and Marcadet-Poissonniers Metro stations. In a lively neighbourood, with lots of restaurants and bars.
31169	"A beautiful and cosy 44m flat in an alternative area of Paris.  Ideal for 2 persons. It is calm and well located. The metro station is right next door, with 3 lines. You can go anywhere easily. My bedroom and my living room are separated by a very beautiful glass wall. There is a double bed in my bedroom and a sofa which can be converted in my living room.  I can host 4 persons but it is more confortable for 2, since there is no door between my bedroom and my living room. It's up to you! In the kitchen you'll find anything you need to make coffee, tea, or dinner.  I live between the indian district of La Chapelle and the Canal de l'Ourcq, a very changing area, more and more attractive for young people.  If you want to see something else than the very center of Paris, come to this ""alternative"" district. You will find some bars, restaurants, cinemas.  And if you want to experience Paris by night, you can also go to the Canal St Martin (10 minutes by foot)  The metro Stalingrad is right "	"A beautiful and cosy 44m flat in an alternative area of Paris.  Ideal for 2 persons. It is calm and well located. The metro station is right next door, with 3 lines. You can go anywhere easily. A beautiful and cosy 44m flat in an alternative area of Paris.  Ideal for 2 persons. It is calm and well located. The metro station is right next door, with 3 lines. You can go anywhere easily. My bedroom and my living room are separated by a very beautiful glass wall. There is a double bed in my bedroom and a sofa which can be converted in my living room.  I can host 4 persons but it is more confortable for 2, since there is no door between my bedroom and my living room. It's up to you! In the kitchen you'll find anything you need to make coffee, tea, or dinner.  I live between the indian district of La Chapelle and the Canal de l'Ourcq, a very changing area, more and more attractive for young people.  If you want to see something else than the very center of Paris, come to this ""alternative"" d"
31170	Ce logement est très agréable car il est spacieux et lumineux. Il se situe au deuxième étage avec ascenseur. De plus il a une double exposition donnant sur des jardins. Il fait 103 m2 avec 4 chambres et un grand séjour ainsi qu'une petite cuisine. Nous vous proposons une des deux chambres disponibles (voir l'autre annonce pour l'autre chambre). Celle-ci comporte deux fenêtres, un grand tatami/futon double et des rangements	Bienvenu dans notre appartement de 103m2 comportant 4 chambres et un grand séjour. La chambre fait 10m2, elle comporte deux fenêtres (donnant sur un jardin) et un tatami/futon deux places. Ainsi que des rangements. Voir photos Ce logement est très agréable car il est spacieux et lumineux. Il se situe au deuxième étage avec ascenseur. De plus il a une double exposition donnant sur des jardins. Il fait 103 m2 avec 4 chambres et un grand séjour ainsi qu'une petite cuisine. Nous vous proposons une des deux chambres disponibles (voir l'autre annonce pour l'autre chambre). Celle-ci comporte deux fenêtres, un grand tatami/futon double et des rangements Vous aurez accès à tous l'appartement à l'exception de deux des chambres de l'appartement (celle de ma soeur et la mienne). Nous sommes là pour que séjour soit le plus agréable possible, nous pourrons vous donner des conseils sur Paris qui est notre lieux de vie depuis plus de 20 ans! Le 18ème est un quartier du nord de Paris, il a la particula
31171	The flat is luminous and fresh even in summer, it is well equipped for cooking, internet, printing, dvd watching, music listening, book reading... and Relaxing! I also have a bike storage!	A bright and lively ground floor flat (32m2, 2 rooms), which used to be a boutique years ago and kept a huge bright window in the living room with an open kitchen creating  avery social environment, and a sunny bedroom on the courtyard side.
31172	The appartement is on the fourth floor of an Haussmanian building, it gets lots of light. The space is clean and uncluttered and minimally, yet thoughtfully furnished by a designer, you will have room for your clothes and belongings in the huge and beautiful vintage armoire in the bedroom. The appartement has a separated kitchen, a living room and a bedroom. To rest from your exciting days in Paris you will find 2 beds, one queen size (for 2 people) in the bedroom and a guest twin bed (for 1 person) in the living room. In addition a temporary air mattress with a futon can be arrange for a fourth guest. In the kitchen you'll have everything to cook a lunch or dinner with groceries found at the countless farmer's markets from the area or prepare yourself a nice breakfast thanks to the oven, microwave, nespresso coffee machine... You will be only walking for 5mn to Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, and 10 minutes to Moulin Rouge, Pigalle district, le 104, the fantastic and personal favorite Marché	You are welcome to stay at my fantastic Montmartre home at a walking distance from Sacre Coeur. The place is bathed with sun all day long.  You'll love this typical haussmanian parisian flat with moulding, chemine, and oversized windows. The appartement is on the fourth floor of an Haussmanian building, it gets lots of light. The space is clean and uncluttered and minimally, yet thoughtfully furnished by a designer, you will have room for your clothes and belongings in the huge and beautiful vintage armoire in the bedroom. The appartement has a separated kitchen, a living room and a bedroom. To rest from your exciting days in Paris you will find 2 beds, one queen size (for 2 people) in the bedroom and a guest twin bed (for 1 person) in the living room. In addition a temporary air mattress with a futon can be arrange for a fourth guest. In the kitchen you'll have everything to cook a lunch or dinner with groceries found at the countless farmer's markets from the area or prepare yourself
31173	Pretty 2 rooms appartment, 3 subway stations from Montmartre,  a small balcony offers even a view on the Sacré Coeur church.  The appartment has a concierge and is at the 5th and last floor (no elevator!), the rooms are quite (opens on a internal courtyard) and all windows have double glazing. The double sofa bed living room is large (2 meters) simple to use and confortable. The appartment has wi-fi. and a large TV. The bed in the rooms (kid room usually) is also large, 2 meters, an inflatable mattress could be added if requested. Do no hesitate to contact me for any questions, or additional pictures . Best regards ! Arnaud (I speak english)	Pretty 2 rooms appartment, 3 subway stations from Montmartre,  a small balcony offers even a view on the Sacré Coeur church.  The appartment has a concierge and is at the 5th and last floor (no elevator!), the rooms are quite (opens on a internal courtyard) and all windows have double glazing. The double sofa bed living room is large (2 meters) simple to use and confortable. The appartment has wi-fi. and a large TV. The bed in the rooms (kid room usually) is also large, 2 meters, an inflatable mattress could be added if requested. Do no hesitate to contact me for any questions, or additional pictures . Best regards ! Arnaud (I speak english) I am not in the appartement when it is for rent, but pleased to give any information at your arrival. I can be present at your arrival, if not the concierge will welcome you and give you the keys. A typical and popular Paris quarter, with a daily open air and inside market, surrounded with pedestrian streets, nice cafés and terasses. Easy access to
31174	- 38m2 / 420 ftsq.  - 2/3 rooms (1BR + double living) - Fully equipped kitchen - stylish bathroom - separate toilets - Very beautiful renovation.  - Pristine clean. - Big Balcony, 4 windows, sun, corner apartment. - Free phone calls (local and international land phones) ************** Full description: 10 mn from Gare du Nord, within walking distance from Sacré Coeur, a very beautiful 2/3-room apartment recently renovated mixing original items (oak parquet) with stylish modern elements (polished concrete).  The apartment is at the 4th and top floor of a small old building located down Montmartre Hill, in a cobblestone street mixing modern and old small buildings and houses. The apartment faces beautiful 19th century Paris buildings. The apartment is flooded with sunlight with 4 big windows with double glazing giving on a long leafy balcony surrounding the apartment towards south and west (pics were made on a very rainy day!).  There is a double living room with a modern designed kitche	- 38m2 / 420 ftsq. - 2/3 rooms (1BR + double living) - Fully equipped kitchen - stylish bathroom - separate toilets - Very beautiful renovation. - Pristine clean. - Big Balcony, 4 windows, sun, corner apartment. - Free phone calls local/international - 38m2 / 420 ftsq.  - 2/3 rooms (1BR + double living) - Fully equipped kitchen - stylish bathroom - separate toilets - Very beautiful renovation.  - Pristine clean. - Big Balcony, 4 windows, sun, corner apartment. - Free phone calls (local and international land phones) ************** Full description: 10 mn from Gare du Nord, within walking distance from Sacré Coeur, a very beautiful 2/3-room apartment recently renovated mixing original items (oak parquet) with stylish modern elements (polished concrete).  The apartment is at the 4th and top floor of a small old building located down Montmartre Hill, in a cobblestone street mixing modern and old small buildings and houses. The apartment faces beautiful 19th century Paris buildings. The ap
31175	--- En français plus bas --- Charming and cosy two-room apartment in the trendy area of Pigalle/Montmartre.  Perfect for a couple alone or with one child, for a short stay or a romantic weekend ! This comfy apartment (55 sq meter) offers 2 bedrooms: one for a kid and the other on a mezzanine with a double bed, a big living room, an american kitchen and a modern bathroom with a big italian shower. Located on the first floor, the apartment is very bright thanks to its many windows. With its open-spaced architecture and carefully put together furniture, this contemporary apartment will let you experience the old Parisian flavour with all modern comfort and appliances needed.  The apartment is fully equipped with a washing machine, refrigerator, gas stove, microwave, toaster, dishwasher, ceramic hob, kettle and all the necessary utilities to cook your meals.  The apartment building, which overlooks a very quite one-way street behind Montmartre cemetery is very secure with digi-code and ent	Appartement 2 pièces chaleureux et atypique dans le quartier de Pigalle / Montmartre.  (1 lit double + 1 lit enfant)  Charming and cosy two-rooms apartment in the trendy area of Pigalle/Montmartre.  (1 double bed + 1 child bed) --- En français plus bas --- Charming and cosy two-room apartment in the trendy area of Pigalle/Montmartre.  Perfect for a couple alone or with one child, for a short stay or a romantic weekend ! This comfy apartment (55 sq meter) offers 2 bedrooms: one for a kid and the other on a mezzanine with a double bed, a big living room, an american kitchen and a modern bathroom with a big italian shower. Located on the first floor, the apartment is very bright thanks to its many windows. With its open-spaced architecture and carefully put together furniture, this contemporary apartment will let you experience the old Parisian flavour with all modern comfort and appliances needed.  The apartment is fully equipped with a washing machine, refrigerator, gas stove, microwave
31176	Charming and comfortable B&B Art Deco. Bedroom of 16 m², large double bed of 160 cm. Balcony in the bedroom. Large bathroom with shower and bath. You have your own toilets, we have (website hidden) with your space: a fridge and everything you need for a continental breakfast. Help yourself and cook your own breakfast when you want. If you want to avoid eating out every day, you can cook for lunch or dinner.   If you haven’t brought your hardware (tab, computer …), we can lend you a Note Book (computer) to keep connected to Internet. Wifi / TV - Cable / private WC / Sheets, towels … / Expense Report for business trips / Soaps and shower gel provided / Paris plans and guides available for you. Check In / Check Out: - In general, the arrival is at 1 PM and the departure of the room is at 12 AM. Other schedules are possible depending on availability. Thank you for giving us your estimated time of arrival and we decide an appointment. - For a start after 12 AM, you can leave your luggage in	Charming & comfortable Art Déco style B&B. 16 sqm room. Balcony. Large double bed 160 cm. Large bathroom. Metro: Gare du Nord / Louis Blanc or Stalingrad. Breakfast self service. Wifi / TV / Private WC / Private Fridge / Expense report  Charming and comfortable B&B Art Deco. Bedroom of 16 m², large double bed of 160 cm. Balcony in the bedroom. Large bathroom with shower and bath. You have your own toilets, we have (website hidden) with your space: a fridge and everything you need for a continental breakfast. Help yourself and cook your own breakfast when you want. If you want to avoid eating out every day, you can cook for lunch or dinner.   If you haven’t brought your hardware (tab, computer …), we can lend you a Note Book (computer) to keep connected to Internet. Wifi / TV - Cable / private WC / Sheets, towels … / Expense Report for business trips / Soaps and shower gel provided / Paris plans and guides available for you. Check In / Check Out: - In general, the arrival is at 1 PM and
31177	À 2 pas de la ligne 2 du métro vous serez en plein coeur de Paris et bénéficierait d'une grande mobilité. Le quartier est vivant et populaire, très sympa! 	Studio coquet de 11m carré à 300 m du métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12) idéalement placé dans un quartier vivant. Rue piétonne et marché couvert à 2 pas! Tous commerces à proximité. Studio neuf avec parquet au sol, tout équipé, idéal étudiant ou voyageur À 2 pas de la ligne 2 du métro vous serez en plein coeur de Paris et bénéficierait d'une grande mobilité. Le quartier est vivant et populaire, très sympa! Vous êtes chez vous, vous pouvez utiliser tous les équipements tout en respectant le lieu et le voisinage . Accès wifi possible Je suis sur Paris donc au besoin nous pourrons facilement nous retrouver
31178		Studio de 20 m2 situé à Montmartre Très lumineux Vue imprenable sur le Sacré-Coeur Grand balcon exposé plein sud Lit dépliant pour 2 personnes  Cuisine et SDB refaites à neuf récemment 
31179	Studio de 25m2, tout confort. Situé au 3ème étage sur cour donc très calme. Grande douche à l'italienne.	Comfortable and practical studio, is a 10 minutes walk to the Sacré-Coeur of Montmartre.  Really calm et well-equipped, close to all amenities and an exotic market! Two steps from the metro. Looking forward to your visit :-) Studio de 25m2, tout confort. Situé au 3ème étage sur cour donc très calme. Grande douche à l'italienne. Accès à l'intégralité du logement : sdb, espace salon/salle à manger, espace chambre. Quartier animé et dynamique, situé à 10 minutes du Sacré-Coeur, qui cultive sa mixité, sa créativité et son appétit de vie. Un quartier riche et vivant, ouvert sur le monde. Métro Château-Rouge (ligne 4) situé à 20 mètres de l'appartement. Ligne 2 en bas du boulevard Barbès. Nombreux bus. Stations Vélib'.
31180	Il se compose de : - 2 chambres dont une avec lit double et une avec un lit enfant (possibilité de mettre un matelas gonflable double dans la chambre d'enfant ou dans le salon) - une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine en îlot central équipée et 1 canapé - une salle de bains avec baignoire - des toilettes séparées La capacité d’accueil est de 4 adultes maximum + 1 enfant (moins de 10 ans). Lit parapluie disponible pour un enfant en bas âge en plus.   	Wonderful apartment of 62m², lots of character. Located at the bottom of Montmartre, in Pigalle, very close to Moulin Rouge, in a lively district. Completely renovated in 2012, you will feel like home! Apartment at the 1st floor, with a 28m² terrace.
31181	The apartment is perfect for two people.	Modern apartment located in the heart of Paris' trendy 18th arrondissement.  3 main line metro's within 7 mins walking distance max (central paris 15 mins aways). A bevy of shops and cafés, farmers market and monoprix right outside your door. The apartment is perfect for two people. Cutlery, crockery, the bed will be made with fresh clean linen. I may be present upon your arrival. Otherwise please feel free to email me any questions. The location has all the amenities to make you feel part of the french 'vie de quartier'. An array of cafés located around the apartment. The 'place d'Olive' is particularly fun to drink coffee and people watch. There are three supermarkets, a post office and shops around the apartment. As well as a reasonable priced beauty salon. The canal is a 10 minute walk! Metro 12, 2, 4 Bus 65, 35, 60 From CDG airport the bus 350 runs to Porte de la Chapelle (about a 10 mins walk to Marx Dormoy). Or a cab costs around 35-45 euros depending on trafic and time of day. 
31182	Chambre dans appartement calme et lumineux Il s'agit d'un T2 à partager avec ma colocataire, Anne-Laure. 	Chambre dans appartement calme et lumineux (T2 à partager avec ma colocataire). Quartier romantique et vivant. Vous y trouverez tout le confort pour passer un agréable séjour! Proche commerces et terrasses, avec un accès direct au Vélib' et Métro.  Chambre dans appartement calme et lumineux Il s'agit d'un T2 à partager avec ma colocataire, Anne-Laure.  L'appartement est situé au 8, rue Pierre Ginier. Vous pouvez y accéder en métro par la ligne 13 ou par bus avec les lignes 54, 74 et 81 en vous arrêtant à la station La Fourche. Ensuite, remontée l'avenue de Clichy et prenez la première rue a gauche. Montée la petite côte et vous êtes arrivés! Je loue ma chambre le temps de vacances à l'étranger! Je ne passerai donc pas de temps avec vous lors de votre séjour mais je ferai de mon mieux pour répondre a vos questions  et vous rencontrer si cela est possible avant votre arrivée. Quartier romantique et vivant. Vous y trouverez tout le confort pour passer un agréable séjour! Proche commerces 
31183	Chambre calme et spacieuse. 	Chambre privée sur cour dans un joli appartement situé au 3e étage.  Quartier très agréable et vivant : boulangeries, restaurants, bars et marché de Jules Joffrin à proximité. À seulement 10 minutes à pied du sacré coeur. Chambre calme et spacieuse. Vous aurez accès à la cuisine, la salle de bain et le salon. Métro ligne 12 ou 4 (Jules Joffrin ou Marcadet Poissonniers)
31184	"My studio has gorgous white floorboards, a large window (in both kitchen & main room) that allows in a lot of light. It is a typical French studio with a modern day twist and design. The view from the apartment has been described by many people as ""beautiful"" & ""cute"".  Apartment will be available for a long reservation the following weeks: 1st-18th May 17th-26th July  10th-24th August  Just email me if you would like to do so. "	    Adorable studio in the 18th!  500m from Sacré-Coeur and surrounded by several restaurants & bars.  
31185	Welcome in my authentic and vintage inspired flat in Paris! The bedroom is really confortable and is available for one or two persons. It will be perfect for all types of stay! 	Really authentic and lovely room with a balcony, in a vintage inspired flat just near Montmartre, in the typical 18th arrondissment of Paris. This quiet and comfortable place is ideal for your working week or your romantic vacation!  See you soon! Welcome in my authentic and vintage inspired flat in Paris! The bedroom is really confortable and is available for one or two persons. It will be perfect for all types of stay!  You'll have access to the living room (good place to drink a tea and read a book); the kitchen (really convenient and a lot of spices and utensils to cook); the bathroom (very clean and with a real bath!!!); the washing machine; the balconies (only place to smoke!); the internet... If my lovely friend and flatmate Juliette is here, she will be pleased to welcome you in our cozy place. The flat is based in the very authentic and sunny african neighborhood of Paris' 18th arrondissement. It's really pleasant because you'll find lots of little shops, fruit markets, and co
31186	This apartment of 40 m², fully renovated in 2011, is located on the 3rd floor (no elevator) of a charming typically Parisian building. Designed to accommodate comfortably up to 4 persons, for this purpose consists of a comfortable living room with a corner sofa bed for 2 people and a real dining area and a charming separate bedroom , equipped with a comfortable double bed and a spacious wardrobe. Both rooms offer a beautiful view of a magnificent church, which gives the house its serene atmosphere. The beautiful kitchen is fully equipped so you do not miss anything during your stay. As for the contemporary bathroom, it has a rain shower, ideal for relaxing after a long day of walking the streets of the capital. The decoration of this apartment and comfort are probably in a perfect option for a successful stay in Paris. In addition, you can enjoy all the technology at your disposal: flat screen TV with cable channels and DVD player, i-pod station / i-phone and Wi-Fi, both for your work 	This apartment of 40 m², fully renovated in 2011, is located on the 3rd floor (no elevator) of a charming typically Parisian building. Designed to accommodate comfortably up to 4 persons, for this purpose consists of a comfortable living room with a corner sofa bed for 2 people and a real dining area and a charming separate bedroom , equipped with a comfortable double bed and a spacious wardrobe. Both rooms offer a beautiful view of a magnificent church, which gives the house its serene atmosphere. The beautiful kitchen is fully equipped so you do not miss anything during your stay. As for the contemporary bathroom, it has a rain shower, ideal for relaxing after a long day of walking the streets of the capital. The decoration of this apartment and comfort are probably in a perfect option for a successful stay in Paris. In addition, you can enjoy all the technology at your disposal: flat screen TV with cable channels and DVD player, i-pod station / i-phone and Wi-Fi, both for your work 
31187	In the 17th arrondissement of Paris, at the foot of Montmartre and close to Les Batignolles, my flat is a typical Parisian flat that has just been renovated; wooden floor, ceilings with mouldings and cornices, fireplace.  The flat is 50 sqm and is located on the 4th floor of a 6 storeys building. No lift but only 75 steps to climb up and down to keep you fit! 1 double bedroom with king size bed. Dining room / living room with a convertible sofa that can sleep 2 persons. Dining table seating 6 people.  Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, electric oven, ceramic hob, nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster and all usual appliances. 1 bathroom with bath tub and washing machine; separate toilets. Free wifi. Cable TV. Guy Moquet tube station is on line 13 and is 50 meters away. You will be in the Opera/Galeries Lafayette/Printemps area or the Champs Elysees in less than 10 mins. You will find basic cooking ingredients, food and all usual stuff to cook. Many r	Very cosy, recently renovated 50sqm flat with all ancient features - ceilings with mouldings and cornices, marble fireplace. Sleeps 4 : 1 double bedroom and 1 convertible sofa in the living room. Very easy access to all touristic areas of Paris.  In the 17th arrondissement of Paris, at the foot of Montmartre and close to Les Batignolles, my flat is a typical Parisian flat that has just been renovated; wooden floor, ceilings with mouldings and cornices, fireplace.  The flat is 50 sqm and is located on the 4th floor of a 6 storeys building. No lift but only 75 steps to climb up and down to keep you fit! 1 double bedroom with king size bed. Dining room / living room with a convertible sofa that can sleep 2 persons. Dining table seating 6 people.  Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, electric oven, ceramic hob, nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster and all usual appliances. 1 bathroom with bath tub and washing machine; separate toilets. Free wifi. Cable TV
31188	The flat with a warm atmosphere will make you feel at home. The 55m² flat is made of one real bedroom, a big living room with a fully-equipped open kitchen and a modern bathroom with a jacuzzi tub for you to enjoy a bath after a long day of sight seeing. You'll find everything you need : sheets, towels, shower gel and soap, coffee machine with capsules. The flat is located in the trendy district of Montmartre.  A few steps you can discover Place du Tertre and its artists, theaters, cabarets, The Trianon concert hall, The Cigale and the legendary Moulin Rouge which make the charm of the Parisian district. For shopping, you will find the Abesses district a few steps from the flat, very animated even on sundays with lots of shops and restaurants. You can also go to Market St Pierre, the famous fabric shop open on Sunday too. About 10 minutes by metro you can access the well-known Galeries Lafayette and Printemps Haussmann, and also Champs-Elysées that you can reach directly by metro line 	"In the center of Paris, near Montmartre and its Cathedral ""le Sacré Coeur""."
31189	Bel appartement typiquement parisien, chaleureux et lumineux. Très proche du métro. La cuisine est très agréable et fonctionnelle. Plaque à induction, grand frigo, machine à laver. La chambre est spacieuse et le lit confortable. 	Bel appartement typiquement parisien, chaleureux et lumineux. Très proche du métro. La cuisine est très agréable et fonctionnelle. Plaque à induction, grand frigo, machine à laver. La chambre est spacieuse et le lit confortable.  L'appartement est proche du marché couvert de l'Olive, de 4 supermarchés et de deux stations de métro (ligne 2 La Chapelle-Gare du Nord et ligne 12). Accueil si possible, car depart en vacances. Quartier proche du canal de l'Ourq, pratique pour les courses. Accès rapide à l'épicentre de la ville. Metro L2 ou 12 + bus ou Velib
31190	Marvelous panoramic view on Paris, Eiffel tour, Sacre Coeur... Spacefull furnished appartement, with two bedrooms (5 places) and a real balcony. 	Come in a modern, simple, modern, familial, fully furnished appartement with a bathroom and balcony. Fresh in the summer, very sunny and with two beautifull views on Paris, you will rest confortabely. There are 5 beds to sleep, plus the sofa! Marvelous panoramic view on Paris, Eiffel tour, Sacre Coeur... Spacefull furnished appartement, with two bedrooms (5 places) and a real balcony.  RER B, very simple to reach Disneyland Paris. Métro Gare du Nord, La chapelle, Marx dormoy. I stay in touch by phone, and one neighboor can come if needed.
31191	Bright sunny very luminous apartment  Walking through the streets ,this is the real Parisian charm.before the district was known as nouvelle Athens for its intellectual and artistic community . The backbone rue des martyrs lined of shops and boutiques is called Sopi, -south of pigalle-is linked with avenue trudaine just around the corner If you come from CDG airport thé Rer B will drive you direct to gare du nord in 25 mns,also if you join Paris with Eurostar the final station is gare du nord If its possible considering my schedule I can pick you at gare du nord train station	Very central place.5 minutes walking distance from gare du nord 10 minutes from montmartre. Many groceries, bakery ,bio market around the corner. Bright sunny very luminous apartment  Walking through the streets ,this is the real Parisian charm.before the district was known as nouvelle Athens for its intellectual and artistic community . The backbone rue des martyrs lined of shops and boutiques is called Sopi, -south of pigalle-is linked with avenue trudaine just around the corner If you come from CDG airport thé Rer B will drive you direct to gare du nord in 25 mns,also if you join Paris with Eurostar the final station is gare du nord If its possible considering my schedule I can pick you at gare du nord train station Entire apartment ! I m not in the flat during your stay, but 5 minutes walking distance, so in case of a problem easy to keep in touch I like the quietness of my building but in a couple of minutes I m in center of Paris ,pigalle and the streets around are full of hidden
31192		Nice flat located in the quarter to Montmartre and le Sacré-Cœur, nearly Petite Ceinture et good market. I've got a functional kitchen, a great bath and a collection to comic strips and french fanzines !
31193	Loue du 18 avril au 2 mai 2015  une chambre de 15 m2, meublée, canapé/lit avec les draps, bureau, commode, bibliothèque, armoire, micro-ondes et frigo dans la chambre, accès internant. Accès salle de bains et WC.  Prix : 300euros pour 5 nuits. caution 200euros Tout est à payer en liquide et en euros. (email hidden) 	       chambre un lit double, rangements, bureau, micro onde, réfrigérateur, bouilloire électrique dans la chambre, à côté de la chambre salle de bains/wc Loue du 18 avril au 2 mai 2015  une chambre de 15 m2, meublée, canapé/lit avec les draps, bureau, commode, bibliothèque, armoire, micro-ondes et frigo dans la chambre, accès internant. Accès salle de bains et WC.  Prix : 300euros pour 5 nuits. caution 200euros Tout est à payer en liquide et en euros. (email hidden) accès la chambre, à la salle de bains/wc Tout dépend si je suis présent où pas tout le quartier de Montmartre est beau métro Abbesses, rue des trois frères
31194		Agréable studio de 24 m² idéalement situé dans un quartier populaire de Paris, à 5min en métro du Sacré coeur, plusieurs ligne de métro à proximité (12, 2, 5, 7, Gare du nord). Vous trouverez le nécessaire pour le petit dej, jus céréales, café...etc
31195	Appartement entièrement refait à neuf. Parfaitement équipé. Décoration très soignée. Cheminée décorative dans toutes les pièces . Salon avec canapé lit de grande qualité et balcon orienté plein Sud, 1 chambre avec un lit double, 1 chambre avec deux lits jumeaux. Cuisine toute équipée. Salle de bain : douche et WC. Sèche cheveux.	Appartement 60 m2 au pied de la butte Montmartre (10 mn à pied du Sacré Cœur): Couloir, salon, 2 chambres, cuisine toute équipée. 2 ème étage avec ascenseur. Balcon plein Sud.  Appartement entièrement refait à neuf. Parfaitement équipé. Décoration très soignée. Cheminée décorative dans toutes les pièces . Salon avec canapé lit de grande qualité et balcon orienté plein Sud, 1 chambre avec un lit double, 1 chambre avec deux lits jumeaux. Cuisine toute équipée. Salle de bain : douche et WC. Sèche cheveux. L'appartement est situé à 3mn du métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12), mairie du XVIIIème. Proche de la rue du Poteau, très commerçante avec rue piétonne. Le quartier est entièrement piéton les dimanches jusqu'à 14h00. Arrêts de bus à 3mn à pieds (Ligne (60,31,85 ou 80), Montmartrobus).  Le quartier est très commerçant avec un marché permanent rue du Poteau. Il est également très bien desservi (Métro lignes 12 et 4, bus, Montmartrobus, Station de taxi) Ligne 12 station Jules Joffrin ou ligne 4
31196	Studio lumineux, 2 balcons avec vue imprenable et possibilité d'y déjeuner. Studio très parisien avec tout le confort moderne.	Quartier Montmartre, beau studio tout confort, très lumineux, avec deux balcons, 8è et dernier étage  (avec ascenseur), quartier bobo avec de nombreux commerces, restaurants, bistrots parisiens, métro 5mn, vélib. Très agréable et cosy. Studio lumineux, 2 balcons avec vue imprenable et possibilité d'y déjeuner. Studio très parisien avec tout le confort moderne. Possibilité de nous joindre en cas de problème et nous vous aiderons et vous conseillerons si besoin. Le quartier présente de nombreux avantages. Il est central, branché et vous y trouverez de nombreux super-marchés, petits commerçants, magasins bio. Métro, vélib. Vous pourrez vous déplacer en métro, RER, vélib, location voiture électrique. Métro Lamarck Caulaincourt à 5 minutes de l'appartement, Gare du Nord - de l'Est - St Lazare à 15 minutes. Vous serez dans le charmant quartier de Montmartre, avec le Sacré-Coeur et sa vue imprenable sur Paris, ses restaurants, ses peintres.  Studio situé à 15/20 minutes en métro des Champs El
31197	 Completely redone . It is a very pleasant apartment. The view is restful. In the evening we even see  the Eiffel Tower! Situated on the 4th floor of a Parisian building also redone completely. There is an elevator.  1 bedroom. 	Entirely Renewed Apartment at the feet of MONTMARTRE. Great Parisian View on the Roofs. Ideally situated in Trendy Neighborhood. You'll love it! Completely redone . It is a very pleasant apartment. The view is restful. In the evening we even see  the Eiffel Tower! Situated on the 4th floor of a Parisian building also redone completely. There is an elevator.  1 bedroom. There is the Television ( ADSL Cable), Wi-Fi, baffles high qualities to which I pad, I pod or laptops can be connected.  Non smoking- No Pets. Most of the time I should be greeting. It is Montmartre. It is Paris. Right across the IXth district. It is festive (numerous bars and restaurants but not right under the building :) family (merry-go-rounds(riding schools), park at the bottom of the building also) everybody will be charmed and feel good here. Travelers will be delighted to see that the Subway  is at the foot of the building. They are also 2 blocks away from Pigalle Station and line 12 which crosses  Paris from nor
31198	"Welcome to this lovely 2 rooms flat of 45m2 in Montmartre, metro Abbesses or Anvers (line 2 & 12 : direct access to Gare du Nord, Champs Elysées, Concorde, Madeleine)  at the bottom of the funicular, with retro and bohème vibes. The apartment consists of a bedroom (double bed), a spacious living / dining room with sofa bed, a kitchen (oven, freezer, hot plates, washing machine and kettle) and a bathroom with a bathtube. The apartment is on the 5th floor and is very bright with a south / south-west exposition, a flowered balcony and a open view on the Eiffel  It's a 5th floor without lift, like most of thé building in Montmartre, the guests said you get used to it easily. The flat is equipped with TV, WiFi internet unlimited access, washing machine and bed linen. Ideally located in the heart of Montmartre, you'll find charming restaurants, café terraces and quality merchants, as well as designer boutiques (mode ...). convenient stores are located nearby (one ""Carrefour"" is open until mi"	"Welcome to this lovely 2 rooms flat of 45m2 in Montmartre, metro Abbesses or Anvers (line 2 & 12 : direct access to Gare du Nord, Champs Elysées, Concorde, Madeleine)  at the bottom of the funicular, with retro and bohème vibes. The apartment consists of a bedroom (double bed), a spacious living / dining room with sofa bed, a kitchen (oven, freezer, hot plates, washing machine and kettle) and a bathroom with a bathtube. The apartment is on the 5th floor and is very bright with a south / south-west exposition, a flowered balcony and a open view on the Eiffel  It's a 5th floor without lift, like most of thé building in Montmartre, the guests said you get used to it easily. The flat is equipped with TV, WiFi internet unlimited access, washing machine and bed linen. Ideally located in the heart of Montmartre, you'll find charming restaurants, café terraces and quality merchants, as well as designer boutiques (mode ...). convenient stores are located nearby (one ""Carrefour"" is open until mi"
31199	Notre appartement se situe au deuxième étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien de 1871 rénové. Il dispose d'un balcon et vous offrira la vie du 19e siècle à Paris avec le confort d'aujourd'hui... Les chambres disposent de lits double confortable et de quelques espaces pour vos affaires.	Notre charmant 4 pièces se trouve au coeur d'un quartier vivant et populaire du 18 ème arrondissement... À la croisée des lignes 2, 4 et 12 du métro, vous pourrez aussi facilement vous déplacer à pied (15 mins de Montmartre, 10 mins de Gare du Nord) Notre appartement se situe au deuxième étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien de 1871 rénové. Il dispose d'un balcon et vous offrira la vie du 19e siècle à Paris avec le confort d'aujourd'hui... Les chambres disposent de lits double confortable et de quelques espaces pour vos affaires. Notre appartement est complètement équipé, vous aurez accès à notre cuisine, internet en Wifi, notre vidéoprojecteur, notre collection de films... Vous prendrez 2 des 3 chambres de notre colocation et serez directement en contact avec notre colocataire! Vous aurez toutefois votre intimité.  Nous serons là pour vous accueillir et au moment de votre départ et durant votre séjour si besoin. La Goutte d'or est un quartier populaire et riche en histoire: le Paris d'
