12600	The apartment comfortably fits 3 people, but due to the king size sofa (160x200) in the living room it can fit 4 people. The sofa bed is brand new!!	Very charming and bright corner apartment, perfectly situated at 2min walk from subway, 10 min walk from Eiffel Tower and the new Beaugrenelle shopping mall. Can accommodate up to 4 people. Fully equipped kitchen, washing machine and cosy bathroom. The apartment comfortably fits 3 people, but due to the king size sofa (160x200) in the living room it can fit 4 people. The sofa bed is brand new!! Answers will be provided within 1-2 hours. Extremely safe neighborhood with nice restaurants around. A very good Korean place just in front of the house.  the Metro 8 - Commerce station is 2 minutes walk from the flat. The line 6 is 8 minutes walk. In case you need to check-in between 8 and 10 pm please note that we will charge you 20€. For a check-in after 10pm the fee is slightly increased to 30€.
12601	This charming 52sqm apartment has one spacious room organized in several areas. The living-room features a sofabed (two sleeps 140x200), a coffee table and comfortable armchairs. The bedroom area is open on the main room but can be isolated with sliding panels. A couple can sleep in the bed (140x200) and you will have much space to store your clothes in the wardrobe. Note that the entrance hall also features two large wardrobes. The kitchen is very well equipped with several households appliances such as blender, steam cooker, etc. It is open on the main room but separated from it with a counter (with high stools). A large desk is at your disposal, so you will be comfortably installed if you come to Paris to work. The bathroom features a spacious walk-in shower and a washbasin. The toilets are accessible from the bathroom but they are in a separate room. This pleasant apartment has been decorated in a contemporary and original style, it is comfortable, perfect for a couple, very quiet 	       Luminous, contemporary, colored, quiet : very charming 52sqm loft style apartment to rent in the 15th district of Paris, not far from the Eiffel Tower or the Seine River. Suitable for four people, it will be just perfect for a couple ! This charming 52sqm apartment has one spacious room organized in several areas. The living-room features a sofabed (two sleeps 140x200), a coffee table and comfortable armchairs. The bedroom area is open on the main room but can be isolated with sliding panels. A couple can sleep in the bed (140x200) and you will have much space to store your clothes in the wardrobe. Note that the entrance hall also features two large wardrobes. The kitchen is very well equipped with several households appliances such as blender, steam cooker, etc. It is open on the main room but separated from it with a counter (with high stools). A large desk is at your disposal, so you will be comfortably installed if you come to Paris to work. The bathroom features a spacious 
12602	15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, in the 15th district, this apartment - gallery is renovated recently and offers a comfortable and original place to stay and to visit Paris. You will be in the center of the city surrounded by photos of a young artist and photographer who offers his vision of Paris. The 35 m2 apartment consists of a bathroom, a kitchen, a dining room, a lounge with a sofa bed and a bedroom with a large closet. The kitchen is small but well equipped, the dining room can take four meals, a lounge with TV and internet access has a sofa bed good quality. The room has a bed 140 cm wide. The shower is small but did not lack comfort.  Located on the ground floor, the appartement is easily accessible and overlooks the courtyard, there reigns a calm so amazing compared to the activity of Saint Charles street. The street itself with its shops, restaurants, market held twice a week offers a family atmosphere to dive into the daily life of Parisians. Close to 2 metro stations	15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, in the 15th district, this apartment - gallery is renovated recently and offers a comfortable and original place to stay and to visit Paris. You will be in the center of the city surrounded by photos of a young artist and photographer who offers his vision of Paris. The 35 m2 apartment consists of a bathroom, a kitchen, a dining room, a lounge with a sofa bed and a bedroom with a large closet. The kitchen is small but well equipped, the dining room can take four meals, a lounge with TV and internet access has a sofa bed good quality. The room has a bed 140 cm wide. The shower is small but did not lack comfort.  Located on the ground floor, the appartement is easily accessible and overlooks the courtyard, there reigns a calm so amazing compared to the activity of Saint Charles street. The street itself with its shops, restaurants, market held twice a week offers a family atmosphere to dive into the daily life of Parisians. Close to 2 metro stations
12603	Ideally located, to experience and enjoy Parisian life. This Charming “Haussmanien” apartment in the heart of one of the best and busiest areas of Paris is the perfect location for your stay. Charming studio, fully renovated, in a Haussmanien building of a typical street of Paris. The studio with its ceiling 3 meters high and its mouldings is situated at the ground floor and comprises: a room equipped with a comfortable regular double bed, a WC and a shower, hair dryer... Towels and sheets are included. There is no kitchen but you have a minibar, a microwave oven and a Nespresso machine with free coffee capsules and tea bags.  Perfect for two persons (not suitable for kids and babies), the sudio has a surface of 17 m2. The apartment has an unlimited free wi-fi access and a TV set. The studio is very close to many good metro and bus stations, it's very easy to get to all the touristic sites by foot or metro-bus from this location.	"Nice little studio in an ""Haussmanien"" building, for 2 adults, with a confortable regular double bed, shower, WC... The place is close to many metro and bus stations, and a lot of monuments are within walking distance. Ideally located, to experience and enjoy Parisian life. This Charming “Haussmanien” apartment in the heart of one of the best and busiest areas of Paris is the perfect location for your stay. Charming studio, fully renovated, in a Haussmanien building of a typical street of Paris. The studio with its ceiling 3 meters high and its mouldings is situated at the ground floor and comprises: a room equipped with a comfortable regular double bed, a WC and a shower, hair dryer... Towels and sheets are included. There is no kitchen but you have a minibar, a microwave oven and a Nespresso machine with free coffee capsules and tea bags.  Perfect for two persons (not suitable for kids and babies), the sudio has a surface of 17 m2. The apartment has an unlimited free wi-fi access and"
12604	The flats is one bedroom, an independant kitchen and a bathroom. Watching the Eiffel Tower sparkling in the night from your bed is a unique experience.  Ideally located for visitors who want to feel like being Parisian. The building is typically Parisian stytle from 1930 and was built by my grand grand father.  We simply love this place and the shopping around.	"Our places is a few blocks away from The Eiffel tower and next to the ""Rue du Commerce"". It is an ideal place for combining and visits and shopping in the exciting city of Paris. An feel like being a real Parisian in the family like  15th district. The flats is one bedroom, an independant kitchen and a bathroom. Watching the Eiffel Tower sparkling in the night from your bed is a unique experience.  Ideally located for visitors who want to feel like being Parisian. The building is typically Parisian stytle from 1930 and was built by my grand grand father.  We simply love this place and the shopping around. You can easily get there from anywhere in Paris as 3 metro lines converge in La Motte Picquet Grenelle (500 m away) The place is a 20 min ride only by metro to : -Saint Germain des Prés and Latin Corner (line 10) - Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysée (line 6) - Opera and Galleries Lafayettes (Line 8) As well, at a walking distance from la Rue du Commerce trendy shopping and the new mall"
12605	Calme et ensoleillé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Cet appartement de 2 pièces peut accueillir aisément 2 personnes dans un lit très confortable. L'appartement donne sur une cour très calme et verdoyante. Les voisins sont calmes et très aimables. Il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner, avis aux cordons bleus...	44 m2, lumineux et très calme. Très bien situé pour votre séjour à Paris : tout près de la Gare Montparnasse et un accès rapide au Métro Vie de quartier très agréable Bienvenue à Paris :) - Tour Eiffel, Champs Élysées, Quartier Latin Calme et ensoleillé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Cet appartement de 2 pièces peut accueillir aisément 2 personnes dans un lit très confortable. L'appartement donne sur une cour très calme et verdoyante. Les voisins sont calmes et très aimables. Il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner, avis aux cordons bleus... Vous pouvez arriver à l'heure que vous voulez, nous essaierons toujours de trouver un arrangement. 3 mn à pied du métro Convention (ligne 12) 8 mn à pied du métro Boucicaut (ligne 8) 12 mn à pied du parc des expositions (Porte de versailles) 10 mn en Métro de la Gare Montparnasse 15 mn en Métro du Bon Marché 20 mn en Métro des Champs-Élysées 25 mn à pied pour aller à la Tour Eiffel
12606	this appratment studio is 16m2 with bathroom and WC	in the most beautiful neighborhood in paris in 15eme  7 min walking to the eiffel tower and the beautiful parce in paris champ de mars.  all do you need is around you   : coffee , very good restaurant , super market , shopping and more this appratment studio is 16m2 with bathroom and WC in this appartment you have in 7 min walking de parce de champ mars and the Eiffel Tower . and in 3 station metro you have big shopping centre. (metro - javel andré citroen). and all around the area appartment you have all you need - coffee , restaurant very good , super market , tabac , in this neighborhood you have in 2 min walking metro line 6 - metro : la motte picquet grenelle. and metro line 6 - Cambronne   you have around station velibe ( rent bike )  and autolibe ( rent car) and station bus
12607	Housing is designed for two people but can accommodate up even  four people if need Bedding : 1 room with 1 Double bed, 1 living room/ kitchen with  1 sofa bed for two persons , 1 bathroom, 1 toilette	The apartment is located at 5min walking distance from porte d Underground station. It is also extremely well served 24 hours bus services and it is just 15 minutes away from Westminster, 18 minute tube to Oxford Circus.  There is also a train stati
12608	clair et calme bien agencé avec tous les équipements nécéssaires 100m2 possibilité d'ajouter un couhage adulte dans le salon et / ou de rajouter un lit bébé si besoin.	Clear and calm, located in the XVth quarter of Paris Next to all transports and shops in a nice neighborhood Parc André Citroën / Centre Beaugrenelle / Tour Eiffel. 1  double bed 2 pers 1 bunk bed + extra 3 pers 1 baby  bed During the summer, I will be alone in my big apartment. I rent it while I'll keep a room for me. I will be working early in the morning and will come back late. Delivery of key would ideally in the morning before 9 am or after 18h. I will be pleased to give you the necessary information for you to have a nice visit of Paris. Je serai ravi de vous apporter tous les conseils quand aux problématiques de visite.
12609		Studio très lumineux proche de la Tour Eiffel a Cambronne métro 6 10 et 8 quartier très calme et vivant à la fois. Pour une personne ou deux
12610		comfortable one bedroom apartment in a typical beautiful Parisan style.  It is centrally located, close to metro lines 8, 10 and 6 and is a 15 minute walk from Champ de Mars (the park with the Eiffel Towe)
12611		Deux pièces vue imprenable sur Paris. Terrasse de 10m2. Emplacement idéal au pied du métro. Appartement confortable et déco moderne. 
12612	Découvrez ce bel appartement qui sera votre pied à terre parisien pour quelques nuits, entre amis ou en famille! Entrez dans une pièce à vivre spacieuse et lumineuse composée d'un coin repas et d'un coin salon, avec un canapé convertible pour 1 personne et une télévision avec Wifi. La cuisine à l'américaine est entièrement équipée pour vous sentir réellement comme à la maison et vous simplifier la vie! La chambre double est lumineuse et comporte de nombreux rangements pour vos effets personnels. Enfin, une salle de bain avec Baignoire et WC complète ce bel appartement. The Apartment Features: Living room with sofa bed for 1 person, dining area and TV Fully furnished and opened kitchen Double bedroom with closet Bathroom with bath and toilets Free Wifi Throughout Bed linens and towels Located in Paris buzziest area (rue du Commerce) with many shops, restaurants and cafés, few steps from Eiffel Tower	Posez vos valises en vivez comme un vrai parisien dans cet appartement de 2 pièces pour 3 personnes avec 1 chambre double et 1 canapé convertible sur 52 mètres carrés! Situation idéale en plein centre de la Motte Piquet, rue du Commerce! Découvrez ce bel appartement qui sera votre pied à terre parisien pour quelques nuits, entre amis ou en famille! Entrez dans une pièce à vivre spacieuse et lumineuse composée d'un coin repas et d'un coin salon, avec un canapé convertible pour 1 personne et une télévision avec Wifi. La cuisine à l'américaine est entièrement équipée pour vous sentir réellement comme à la maison et vous simplifier la vie! La chambre double est lumineuse et comporte de nombreux rangements pour vos effets personnels. Enfin, une salle de bain avec Baignoire et WC complète ce bel appartement. The Apartment Features: Living room with sofa bed for 1 person, dining area and TV Fully furnished and opened kitchen Double bedroom with closet Bathroom with bath and toilets Free Wifi 
12613	Perfect mix between a modern interior decoration with all needed accessories that makes it very comfortable, contrasting with its original typical Parisian building in the 15th district of Paris (quiet and full of nice restaurants and classy bars) The apartment is in the 3rd floor.	"Charming apartment (one bed room) 38m2 located in Paris 15th district (15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower) Perfect for a touristic trip. This cozy and comfortable place is close to public transport and located in a typical Parisian building.   Perfect mix between a modern interior decoration with all needed accessories that makes it very comfortable, contrasting with its original typical Parisian building in the 15th district of Paris (quiet and full of nice restaurants and classy bars) The apartment is in the 3rd floor. All touristic sightseeing in Paris through two metro lines that are close to the apartment (Line 8 and Line 12) I am very flexible so if the guest would need some advises for the visit, I am known as being the best guide in Paris :) If not (which in general is the case) then I would only be the owner of their cozy rented place during their Paris visit. There are 2 nearby metros stations: ""Boucicaut"" station is in Line 8 at 5 min away walk. ""Convention"" station is in"
12614	Charming studio in a modern and quiet building with a bright living room and a nice view on the Eiffel Tower. The bathroom has a bathtub to relax after spending the day walking. The kitchen is fully equipped. There is also free wifi and we take care of a French essential: bread&jam, coffee/tea for your breakfast!	Located in a quiet and commercial area in the west part of Paris, 2 minutes away from the metro Cambronne, this appartment is perfect for a single traveler or a couple looking to spend some time in Paris. Charming studio in a modern and quiet building with a bright living room and a nice view on the Eiffel Tower. The bathroom has a bathtub to relax after spending the day walking. The kitchen is fully equipped. There is also free wifi and we take care of a French essential: bread&jam, coffee/tea for your breakfast! Elevator, Free wifi, TV I live nearby so I can easily interact with the guests would they be in trouble with the furniture or an equipment. I will also give them some tips and advice on the places I like to go / my favorite shops (bakeries, butcher, cheese...)
12615	A charming flat to make you feel at home instantly! Our 75 m2 flat is located on the second highest floor of a luxury building, full of natural light and great views of Paris from our two balconies.  Our flat includes: - a bed room (double bed king size), a large living/dining room (dining room, sofa, plasma TVA Wi-Fi), a fully-equipped kitchen (fridge, induction hub, microwave, oven and all necessary items - kettle, toaster), a study and a bathroom and separate toilet. There a plenty of supermarkets, restaurants and shops in the area and typical market on Wednesday and Sunday mornings.	Easy stylish comfortable! Amazing view of the Eiffel tower from your room staying just a few steps away from the Champ de Mars and the Seine. You can find in our 75 m2 flat everything you need to feel at home and visit Paris in the best conditions. A charming flat to make you feel at home instantly! Our 75 m2 flat is located on the second highest floor of a luxury building, full of natural light and great views of Paris from our two balconies.  Our flat includes: - a bed room (double bed king size), a large living/dining room (dining room, sofa, plasma TVA Wi-Fi), a fully-equipped kitchen (fridge, induction hub, microwave, oven and all necessary items - kettle, toaster), a study and a bathroom and separate toilet. There a plenty of supermarkets, restaurants and shops in the area and typical market on Wednesday and Sunday mornings. You will have access to all areas/amenities. Depending on times of arrival/departure we might be able to meet you and share tips - otherwise keys will be lef
12616	Appartement de 71m2 avec grand salon et grande cuisine dans un quartier très calme proche de nombreux monuments Flat of 71m2 with a huge living room and kitchen in a quiet neighbourhood close to many monunments	Appartement de 71m2 avec grand salon et grande cuisine dans un quartier très calme proche de nombreux monuments Flat of 71m2 with a huge living room and kitchen in a quiet neighbourhood close to many monunments Salle de Bains et Toilettes Cuisine avec assiettes / couverts et four Lave Linge Café Gratuit Bathroom and Toilets,  Kitchen with plates / cutlery and oven Washmachine Free Coffee Par mail et par téléphone Mail and Phone Quartier très calme, très bien desservi et proche de nombreux monuments Neighbourhood very calm, well served by public transport and close to many monuments Lignes de métro (phone number hidden) Nombreuses lignes de bus Metro Lines (phone number hidden) Many bus 
12617	Exceptional clear views overlooking rooftops and the Eiffel Tower; this luminous traditional Parisian apartment is situated on the 6th floor with elevator on a quiet street and leafy courtyard. Four floor-length windows open onto flowering balconies giving unobstructed view of all three floors of the Eiffel Tower as well as the Tour Montparnasse.  Parquet flooring throughout, the living-room has a high quality sofa bed, two other comfortable settees, coffee table, dining table and chairs.  The spacious bedroom has double bed, a large fitted mirrored wardrobe and a desk. The kitchen is fully equipped with: high speed induction hotplates, microwave oven, traditional oven, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, dishes, cutlery, utensils, pots & pans. The bathroom is equipped with a comfortable shower and sink. Separate WC. Wifi connection throughout. Closest Metro Vaugirard, with stations Cambronne and Convention by foot, (lines 12, 8, 6 et 10), this apartment enjoys bus services to destinations th	A typical parisien home, this spacious and comfortable appartment is full of light, with wonderful views of the Eiffel tower from its balconies.  In a quiet situation but on the spot for buses and métros to any part of Paris. Exceptional clear views overlooking rooftops and the Eiffel Tower; this luminous traditional Parisian apartment is situated on the 6th floor with elevator on a quiet street and leafy courtyard. Four floor-length windows open onto flowering balconies giving unobstructed view of all three floors of the Eiffel Tower as well as the Tour Montparnasse.  Parquet flooring throughout, the living-room has a high quality sofa bed, two other comfortable settees, coffee table, dining table and chairs.  The spacious bedroom has double bed, a large fitted mirrored wardrobe and a desk. The kitchen is fully equipped with: high speed induction hotplates, microwave oven, traditional oven, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, dishes, cutlery, utensils, pots & pans. The bathroom is equipped w
12618	Vue Tour Eiffel	Très beau studio dans le 15 ème arrondissement de paris , studio tout équipé kitchenette ascenseur , tv écran plat , frigo , micro ondes à 5 min porte de Versailles , métro 5 min Vue Tour Eiffel Tour eiffel
12619	Charmant studio 35m2 situé dans une impasse au calme, derrière la rue du commerce au métro Felix Faure..  15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 2min de tous les commerces. 1 pièce principale avec 4 couchages possibles (1 lit double + canapé convertible), salle de bain et cuisine indépendante. Appartement très propre, clair et fonctionnel. Possibilité TV, internet. Charming studio 35m2 located in a quiet environment, behind the rue du commerce, Metro Felix Faure. 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, 2min to shops. 1 room with 4 beds available (1 double sofa bed), bathroom and kitchen. Apartment very clean, clear and functional. Possible TV, internet.	Charmant studio 35m2 situé dans une impasse au calme, derrière la rue du commerce au métro Felix Faure..  15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 2min de tous les commerces. 1 pièce principale avec 4 couchages possibles (1 lit double + canapé convertible), salle de bain et cuisine indépendante. Appartement très propre, clair et fonctionnel. Possibilité TV, internet. Charming studio 35m2 located in a quiet environment, behind the rue du commerce, Metro Felix Faure. 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, 2min to shops. 1 room with 4 beds available (1 double sofa bed), bathroom and kitchen. Apartment very clean, clear and functional. Possible TV, internet.
12620	Obviously, the view on the Eiffel tower is great, and there are many ways of transportation (bus, metro, taxi...) to get wherever you want in the capital just down the building. It's near the Seine, Citroën square, Commerce street and other enjoyable districts...	The street is full of retail traders, such as butchers, bakers, wine shops, clothing shops, bars, restaurants... You should be nor a cleanliness freak nor picky about the decor, but the apartment is comfortable and has all amenities. Obviously, the view on the Eiffel tower is great, and there are many ways of transportation (bus, metro, taxi...) to get wherever you want in the capital just down the building. It's near the Seine, Citroën square, Commerce street and other enjoyable districts... There are two bedrooms. I am sleeping in one of them, the other one is yours (2-place bed), and there is a sofa-bed in the living-room. You obviously have access to the whole apartment, except my bedroom. We can share about what to visit in the capital, I have plenty of leisure time !
12621	Charmant studio, idéal pour un couple ou personne seule en balade dans notre chère capitale. L'appartement est composé d'une seul pièce avec un canapé-lit, une télévision avec TNT, une table basse... Un coin cuisine est aménagé d'un bar avec 2 chaises hautes, d'un réfrigérateur, grille pain, plaques chauffantes... Tout le confort pour réaliser de bons petits plats ! La salle de bain, quant à elle est relativement grande par rapport au reste de l'appartement. Coin douche et WC avec un lavabo.	Situé à la frontière du XVe et XIV arrondissement, cet appartement pour 1-2 personnes, dessert facilement les grands sites touristiques tel que La Tour Montparnasse ou diverses grands jardins. L'appartement est tout équipé et pleinement fonctionnel. Charmant studio, idéal pour un couple ou personne seule en balade dans notre chère capitale. L'appartement est composé d'une seul pièce avec un canapé-lit, une télévision avec TNT, une table basse... Un coin cuisine est aménagé d'un bar avec 2 chaises hautes, d'un réfrigérateur, grille pain, plaques chauffantes... Tout le confort pour réaliser de bons petits plats ! La salle de bain, quant à elle est relativement grande par rapport au reste de l'appartement. Coin douche et WC avec un lavabo. - Les métros: Pernety (ligne 13) à 5 min à pied Plaisance (ligne 13) à 5 min à pied Pasteur (ligne 12) à 10min à pied Il y a aussi, - Le tramway Porte de Vanves Je reste disponible tout au long de la journée, et tard le soir par téléphone ou par mail.  
12622	Lovely 38m² apartment , recently renovated. The sun floods the apartment wonderfully through a large bay window. Close to shops, transport and 1min Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower.	Bright and sunny newly renovated apartment near the Eiffel Tower, near many stores , shops, and transportation . Lovely 38m² apartment , recently renovated. The sun floods the apartment wonderfully through a large bay window. Close to shops, transport and 1min Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. It includes a large living room , a real bed for 2 and a sofa bed that can accommodate 2 additional people. A real bathroom with bath and a large kitchen fully equipped. Enjoy an apartment equipped with high - speed internet (optic fiber) , wifi (obviously :) ), flat screen TV (well there's still M6 Music & EuroNews but you didn't come here to watch TV), pregnant (autocorrect, don't mind this one), washing machine, heater (thing that warm the appartment), dishwasher, oven, microwave, subwoofers (if you like music).. The apartment is located north of the 15th district , a quiet and safe neighborhood, 1 min walk to the Eiffel Tower, the Champs de Mars. The easy walk to Ecole Militaire and pedest
12623		Dans le quartier très vivant de Vaugirard au coeur du 15 eme arrondissement, ce logement est idéal pour un couple désireux de découvrir la capitale. Résidence calme. Commerces à proximité, gare Montparnasse à 15 mn à pied.
12624	I welcome you in my newly refreshed apartment, the large balcony and the upper floor are assets that make day to day life enjoyable. It has a comfortable bed and a sofa bed in the living room and is located in a quiet courtyard side .	Cosy Appartement perfectly located in a residential area. Close to two Metro Lines and a great Parc. 6th Floor, full of light with large Balcony and clear view. Close to all facilities. Perfect to discover Paris. I welcome you in my newly refreshed apartment, the large balcony and the upper floor are assets that make day to day life enjoyable. It has a comfortable bed and a sofa bed in the living room and is located in a quiet courtyard side . i won't be present during your stay but I remain at your disposal via phone / whatsapp / viber to give you all the information you may need. The Convention area is very nice & safe (Mostrly families and  many restaurants and shops nearby ) and the market twice a week allows to enjoy good products at reasonable prices.  Quickly access to all the tourist sites in Paris via 2 Metro lines . To stroll or take a jog Georges Brassens park is 2 min walk ! The accommodation is near many public transport. 2 metro stations : - Convention ( line 12) 7-8 min 
12625	Charming  72 sqm flat, situated at 900 meters from the Champ de Mars.  The apartment is on the second floor without elevator with 2 digicode access (safe). We have 1 bedrooms (17m2), with a king size bed. A convertible sofa (large & confortable like a real bed) in the living room can welcome two more persons. You could not access to the second bedroom of our children where their toys are tidied up. But if you want to come with child, we can let you a portable cot bed (till' 3years old) at your disposal for free. The equipped kitchen has a dishwasher, a fridge (+deep fridge), a microwave and a traditional oven (with children security). The bathroom has an italian shower, a washing machine and a tumble dryer. The dining/living room can welcome 6 persons for dining is also due south exposed without face to face, you can open the windows without being disturbed (rare in Paris ;)  A large TV screen gives you access to many cable channels. We also have a wifi Internet connexion.	"A wonderful situation to discover the parisian ""art de vivre"".  One bedroom (king size bed) and a living room with a double sofa bed. Portable cot (till 3yrs old) and all equipment required for baby (bathtub, baby cook, changes) at your disposal! Charming  72 sqm flat, situated at 900 meters from the Champ de Mars.  The apartment is on the second floor without elevator with 2 digicode access (safe). We have 1 bedrooms (17m2), with a king size bed. A convertible sofa (large & confortable like a real bed) in the living room can welcome two more persons. You could not access to the second bedroom of our children where their toys are tidied up. But if you want to come with child, we can let you a portable cot bed (till' 3years old) at your disposal for free. The equipped kitchen has a dishwasher, a fridge (+deep fridge), a microwave and a traditional oven (with children security). The bathroom has an italian shower, a washing machine and a tumble dryer. The dining/living room can welcome 6"
12626		L'appartement est idéalement situé à 15 min à pied de la tour eiffel et proche d'un grand nombre de métros. Il a été refait à neuf en Septembre 2013, il est donc neuf et design avec une chambre, un salon et une cuisine américaine 
12627	Studio douillet, au calme au fond d'un square avec une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel ! Peut accueillir 2 personnes.	Studio cosy et pratique. Une pièce de vie agréable, une cuisine séparée et une SDB. Est situé au fond d'un square, donc très calme. Proche du Métro et autres transports. Le petit + : Une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel depuis le canapé-lit !    Studio douillet, au calme au fond d'un square avec une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel ! Peut accueillir 2 personnes. Logement entier accessible, internet wifi, cuisine entièrement équipée et SDB avec douche. Je serai disponible par mail ou mobile en cas de besoin. Quartier très convivial, nombreux commerces et pourtant logement au calme au fond d'un square ! Parc Georges Brassens à 5 min à pied. Marché les mardis, jeudis et dimanches matin. Métro, tramway, bus et vélib à proximité ! Il est également possible de se garer en voiture.
12628	Charmant studio situé au coeur de Paris, dans le 15ème arrondissement, 20 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel - un salon avec un canapé convertible pour 2 personnes  - une cuisiné toute équipée   - une salle de bain toute équipée  - situé 6ème étage avec ascenseur - parquet et moulures Studio confortable au coeur de paris, dans un quartier sympathique et familial, avec de nombreux commerces, restaurants et très bien connecté aux transports en commun.  Métro: Boucicot (ligne 8), Charles Michel (ligne 10), Convention (ligne 12).  Tout confort et tout équipé: télévision, machine à laver, frigo, congélateur, four micro-ondes. Il faut par contre apporter vos serviettes.  Attention cet appartement est non-fumeur Charming studio located in Paris center, in the 15th district, 20 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower  - a lounge with a sofa bed for 2 people  - a Fully equiped kitchen  - a bathroom   - situated 6th floor with elevator  - parquet Numerous shops around, restaurants and very well connect	Charmant studio situé au coeur de Paris, dans le 15ème arrondissement, 20 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel - un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 places - une cuisine équipée  - une salle de bain - situé au 6ème étage (avec ascenseur) - parquet et moulures Charmant studio situé au coeur de Paris, dans le 15ème arrondissement, 20 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel - un salon avec un canapé convertible pour 2 personnes  - une cuisiné toute équipée   - une salle de bain toute équipée  - situé 6ème étage avec ascenseur - parquet et moulures Studio confortable au coeur de paris, dans un quartier sympathique et familial, avec de nombreux commerces, restaurants et très bien connecté aux transports en commun.  Métro: Boucicot (ligne 8), Charles Michel (ligne 10), Convention (ligne 12).  Tout confort et tout équipé: télévision, machine à laver, frigo, congélateur, four micro-ondes. Il faut par contre apporter vos serviettes.  Attention cet appartement est non-fumeur Charming studio located in Paris cent
12629		Studio of 15m2 in the residential area of Paris, 15ème arrondissement, near metro lines 8 et 12. 2nd floor, end of the corridor, door on the left. Kitchen with stove and oven, shower and WC, small balcony window.
12630	Located on the 1st floor of a small old building, completely designed to optimize space, with fold away bed ultra comfort when folded, you have a nice sense of space.  A relaxing decoration, simplicity and current which returns the light of a courtyard.  And the close proximity of all Paris, while in a peaceful place that is the fifteenth arrondissement.	Beautiful cozy flat for two, close to the best places in Paris! Very calm. 20 m2 with separate kitchen.  2 metros near direct connections to the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Pigalle, rue des Martyrs, the Place de l'Etoile Located on the 1st floor of a small old building, completely designed to optimize space, with fold away bed ultra comfort when folded, you have a nice sense of space.  A relaxing decoration, simplicity and current which returns the light of a courtyard.  And the close proximity of all Paris, while in a peaceful place that is the fifteenth arrondissement. Everything is designed for your needs. Wifi, Nespresso coffee, tea, tv, hairdryer etc ... Quiet and close to everything Paris.  A family neighborhood, close to all amenities ... laundry, pharmacy, bakery, catering, wine cellar, press in the street. Supermarket 100 meters away. Montparnasse rue de Rennes 20 minutes for shopping! Pasteur Metro and Volunteer. Vélib 'in the street.  ARRIVAL until 2 to 7 PM thanks! 
12631	"It takes 20 minutes to reach the center of Paris  and most of the touristic spots with the metro (station Porte de Versailles line 12,  station Balard line 8) or the bus 39. Tramways T2 and T3 are also near the house. The building is next to the commercial exhibitions center (Parc des expositions), and not far away from the two big hospitals Georges Pompidou, and Necker. It is steps away from the sports equipments (swimmingpool) and cinemas ""Aquaboulevard"""	"Porte de Versailles - Paris south west. In a beautiful residence, built in 2000, I am renting a lovely 35 square meters, 2 rooms apartment. Fully equipped and furnished, new, quiet and sunny, it is on the first floor with lift. It takes 20 minutes to reach the center of Paris  and most of the touristic spots with the metro (station Porte de Versailles line 12,  station Balard line 8) or the bus 39. Tramways T2 and T3 are also near the house. The building is next to the commercial exhibitions center (Parc des expositions), and not far away from the two big hospitals Georges Pompidou, and Necker. It is steps away from the sports equipments (swimmingpool) and cinemas ""Aquaboulevard"" You can find in this quiet area, all the shops you need. The apartment is very comfortable with an equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub. Perfect for a couple. The building is very secure, a receptionist staying in the hall night and day. A breakfast is served each morning on the ground floor (price not in"
12632		Joli petit appart parisien à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars. Arrêt de métro Motte Picquet-Grenelle. Quartier très sympa avec plein de commerces. Idéal pour un couple.
12633	L'appartement est extrêmement confortable et fonctionnel.	L'appartement est extrêmement confortable et fonctionnel. Quartier Convention : très animé, commerçants ouverts tard le soir. Marché parisien les mardi, jeudi et dimanche matin sur la place de la Convention. Par la route : sortie porte de Versailles puis à environ 200m.  Par le métro : station Convention (ligne 12). Par le tram : station Porte de Versailles puis 5mn à pied. Location de vélos à proximité (Vélib).  Depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, prendre le RER jusqu'à la station Cité Universitaire puis le tram jusqu'à la station Porte de Versailles. Ou bien changer à la station de RER Châtelet puis prendre la ligne 4 du métro jusqu'à Montparnasse et de là, la ligne 12 jusqu'à la station Convention. Depuis l'aéroport d'Orly, prendre une navette jusqu'à la station de RER Antony. De là, prendre le RER jusqu'à la station Cité Universitaire puis le tram jusqu'à la station Porte de Versailles. - Une caution de 400 € sera demandée à l'arrivée et sera restituée à la fin du séjour après l'é
12634	8eme étage avec ascenseur, vue incroyable sur la tours Eiffel et tout Paris. Apartement refait à neuf (tous les meubles et lits neufs, aout 2014). 	8th floor amazing balcony view of the full city of Paris. Near Porte de Versailles, and right on the beautiful park Georges Brassens. Appartment fully renovated in 2014, all is new. 1 large living room, 2 sleeping rooms, and 2 separate bathrooms. 8eme étage avec ascenseur, vue incroyable sur la tours Eiffel et tout Paris. Apartement refait à neuf (tous les meubles et lits neufs, aout 2014).  je suis disponible pour toute question et toute aide pour les invités Parc Georges Brassens, plusieurs restaurant et café/bar très parisiens. Proximité marché de Convention, proximité Porte de Versailles (à pied 10min). métro Porte de Vanves, bus 85 et 95
12635	Ce petit studio est entièrement neuf et indépendant.  Situé à 10min à pied de la Tour Eiffel (visible depuis la fenêtre), il est confortable et pratique. Il est bien équipé (plaques, frigo, petite armoire, fer à repasser...) et propre.	"Ce petit studio est entièrement neuf et indépendant.  Situé à 10min à pied de la Tour Eiffel (visible depuis la fenêtre), il est confortable et pratique. Il est bien équipé (plaques, frigo, petite armoire, fer à repasser...) et propre. Nous somme situés à 2min du métro ""Bir-Hakeim"" (ligne 6) et du RER C ""Champ de Mars-Tour Eiffel"". Nous rejoindre de :  - Beauvais : prendre un car jusqu'à porte Maillot, puis le métro 1 (vers Charles de Gaulle Etoile) et changer pour le métro 6 (Bir Hakeim). Prévoir environ 1h30 entre Beauvais et Porte Maillot (Paris) puis 20min entre Porte Maillot et chez nous. - Roissy - Charles de Gaulle : prendre le RER B jusqu'à ""Saint Michel Notre Dame"" et changer pour le RER C jusqu'à ""Champ de Mars - Tour Eiffel"". Prévoir environ 1h30 en porte à porte. Autre possibilité : prendre les cars Air France jusqu'à ""Charles de Gaulle Etoile"" puis la ligne 6 jusqu'à ""Bir Hakeim"". - Orly : prendre les cars Air France jusqu'à  ""Montparnasse"" puis la ligne 6 jusqu'à ""Bir Hak"
12636	L'appartement peut accueillir au maximum 4 personnes. C'est un appartement très lumineux (4 fenêtres), et très agréable à vivre. 	2 pièces très lumineux (salon/cuisine et chambre), entièrement équipé: Lit double, canapé lit, cuisine, cafetière, bouilloire, lave-linge, four, baignoire, Wifi. Situé dans un quartier très animé, métro à 2 min et 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. L'appartement peut accueillir au maximum 4 personnes. C'est un appartement très lumineux (4 fenêtres), et très agréable à vivre. Si vous le souhaitez, c'est avec plaisir que je vous donnerais des bon plans et/ou lieux à visiter!  Quartier Commerce, très animé, et agréable. Vous y trouverez des boutiques et des bars à profusion. L'appartement est juste à coté du métro Commerce (ligne 8) qui  vous amene dans les principaux lieux touristiques (Invalides, Concorde, Rivoli, Madeleine...) et à 5 minutes à pied du métro La Motte Piquet Grenelle ( ligne 6, et 8) ou du métro Avenue Emile Zola (Ligne 10) pour profiter du quartier Saint-Michel. 
12637		Joli 2 pieces dans une impasse calme. Salon avec kitchenette équipée, tv/wifi, salle de douche, chambre avec lit 2 places,balcon, 5eme etage ascenceur. commerces et metros accessibles à moins 5 minutes a pied.Chat très accueillant! Envoi de mails pour preparer le voyage si besoin, documentation sur place; clés a récuperer auprès de la concierge. Quartier agreable avec commerces, bars et brasseries, restaurants. A 15 min en métro des champs elysées, 8 minutes a pied de la tour eiffel, 15 minutes en metro de St Germain des prés, emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris. metro lignes 6 / 8 / 10  bus  stations velib  Un chat tout mignon et tres sage, en recherche de calins et croquettes pendant votre sejour.
12638		dans un immeuble ancien de charme, proche de tous les transport ...a quelques station de Tour Eiffel et d'autre site touristique, une grande chambre pour 2 personnes ou une petit pour 1 per. Calme,  avec tout équipement de confort nécessaire. séjours minimum 2 nuits.
12639	Situé à 5 minutes à pied de Montparnasse et à 50m du métro Pasteur, dans un superbe immeuble du XIXème en pierre de taille, grand appartement, récemment rénové, 210m2, 2ème étage avec ascenseur, 5 chambres, un double-living + bureau, 2 salles de bain en marbre, 2 salles de douche, 4 WC, cuisine moderne entièrement équipée avec micro-ondes, lave linge, lave vaisselle, téléphone, INTERNET WIFI, TV cablée.  Capacité: 12 personnes. (plus 1 chambre de service)  Métro: Pasteur (lignes 6 et 12)   	Situé à 5 minutes à pied de Montparnasse et à 50m du métro Pasteur, dans un superbe immeuble du XIXème en pierre de taille, grand appartement, récemment rénové, 210m2, 2ème étage avec ascenseur, 5 chambres, un double-living + bureau, 2 salles de bain en marbre, 2 salles de douche, 4 WC, cuisine moderne entièrement équipée avec micro-ondes, lave linge, lave vaisselle, téléphone, INTERNET WIFI, TV cablée.  Capacité: 12 personnes. (plus 1 chambre de service)  Métro: Pasteur (lignes 6 et 12)   
12640	appartement en duplex, au dernier étage, avec un balcon sur rue (et 2 transats :-) )	Chambre privée dans un appartement entièrement rénové en duplex de 50m2. Dans un quartier animé et sûr du 15e arrondissement de Paris Proche des métros  Sèvres Lecourbe (L6), Volontaires (L12) et Segur(L10) A 10mns à pied de la Tour Eiffel :-) appartement en duplex, au dernier étage, avec un balcon sur rue (et 2 transats :-) ) 4ème sans ascenseur
12641	Très calme et lumineux, il offre une vue dégagée sur la verdure. Il a été rénové en 2010 et il est aussi confortable que bien agencé. Notre appartement comprend, sur 62 m², 2 chambres, une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle d'eau avec douche et un joli living avec cheminée. Nous fournissons les draps et les serviettes. La rue Lecourbe avec ses nombreux commerces est à 3 minute à pied.	"Très calme et lumineux, il offre une vue dégagée sur la verdure. Il a été rénové en 2010 et il est aussi confortable que bien agencé. Notre appartement comprend, sur 62 m², 2 chambres, une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle d'eau avec douche et un joli living avec cheminée. Nous fournissons les draps et les serviettes. La rue Lecourbe avec ses nombreux commerces est à 3 minute à pied. Vous avez tout l'appartement pour vous. Je serai présente à votre arrivée pour vous donner pleins de ""bons plans"" pour que votre séjour soit inoubliable. À proximité : marchés 7j/7 rue Lecourbe, produits frais (poissons, fruits, légumes....), traiteur Lenôtre, marché bio/organique, nombreux restaurants…  Nous vous conseillons la Villa Corse et Chez Edith (rue du Laos), le Bugatti, Chez Fares (libanais), les Artistes (région auvergne)...  Pour se rafraîchir et faire du sport : piscines Blomet ou Keller (piscine ouverte avec solarium).  Accès direct avec le bus 80 au parc des expositions de la Porte de "
12642	"Located 1 minute from Convention tube station (line 12) or 500 m walk from Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles, this beautiful and bright apartment of 65 sqm, is both perfect for your stay at trade shows, and ideal to discover Paris in family with 2 or 3 children. 3 room apartment composed of: - A double room with a double bed of 140 - A bedroom with 2 beds of 90. (Note that the 2 beds can be joined to form a double bed of 180) - A living / dining room with a 3 seater sofa and a bench that forms the 5th bed. - A fully equipped kitchen with dish washer - A bathroom with a bath / shower and washing machine - A separate toilet. At intersection of the streets Vaugirard and Convention. the apartment is in the heart of a very nice shopping area (3 supermarkets and many fashion brands) and restaurants, including five Japanese! If you do not have enough shopping, line 12 will take you directly to - The ""Rennes"" tube station in the middle of the famous rue de Rennes - Or ""Madeleine"" sta"	"Located 1 minute from Convention tube station (line 12) or 500 m walk from Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles, this beautiful and bright apartment of 65 sqm, is both perfect for your stay at trade shows, and ideal to discover Paris in family with 2 or 3 children. 3 room apartment composed of: - A double room with a double bed of 140 - A bedroom with 2 beds of 90. (Note that the 2 beds can be joined to form a double bed of 180) - A living / dining room with a 3 seater sofa and a bench that forms the 5th bed. - A fully equipped kitchen with dish washer - A bathroom with a bath / shower and washing machine - A separate toilet. At intersection of the streets Vaugirard and Convention. the apartment is in the heart of a very nice shopping area (3 supermarkets and many fashion brands) and restaurants, including five Japanese! If you do not have enough shopping, line 12 will take you directly to - The ""Rennes"" tube station in the middle of the famous rue de Rennes - Or ""Madeleine"" sta"
12643	Appartement lumineux, calme, style parisien, avec moulures et parquet ancien, haut sous plafond, très spacieux.	Appartement parisien de charme - 70 m2 - composé : grande entrée, grande chambre calme sur cour 16m2, double salon très lumineux 40m2, une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain douche à l'italienne, des toilettes séparées. Appartement calme avec vu degage - Refait à neuf. Appartement lumineux, calme, style parisien, avec moulures et parquet ancien, haut sous plafond, très spacieux. Accès total à tout l'appartement Présence d'une gardienne pour tous renseignements. Quartier de la Porte de Versailles, calme, familialle, propre. Commerces à proximité : boulangerie, pharmacie, supermarchés, restaurants, cafés... Quartier de la Porte de Versailles, très facile d'accès en transport, proche du centre de Paris (10min). Accès au Tram T2/T3 + Métro + Bus - moins de 3 minutes à pied Appartement tout équipé,  salle de bain, WC, cuisine refait à neuf (juillet/aout 2015)
12644	C'est un bel appartement ancien typiquement parisien qui est convivial accueillant et confortable.	Dans un bel appartement a 200 m rue Rennes calme clair rue cherche midi au 4ème étage avec ascenseur belle chambre de 19m2 parquet ancien cheminee miroir avec lit double rangements s bains et cuisine partagée en accès libre possibilité chambre suppl. C'est un bel appartement ancien typiquement parisien qui est convivial accueillant et confortable. A tout ce qu'il y a dans l'appartement ... J'aimerais les accueillir vraiment, être a l'écoute de leur besoins pour leur faire découvrir Paris et aussi ce qui n'est pas dans les guides, leur donner des petites adresses. L'ambiance est calme les commerçants aimables. Tous les commerces alimentaires sont a 5'a pieds. Il y a des terrasses partout ou il est plaisant d'aller prendre un petit café tranquille en lisant son journal. Pour faire du shopping la Rue de Rennes est a 5'comme le Musée Rodin ou les Invalides rapidement accessible en autobus.... Le stationnement est difficile dans mon quartier mais gratuit en aout. Par autobus et il y en a pl
12645	Logement idéal pour un pied à terre à Paris.  Pour voyageur seul voire un couple. Très confortable, refait à neuf récemment et décoré avec goût ( les photos arrivent bientôt). Grand espace rangement et cuisine très fonctionnelle. 	studio de 22m2. Métro convention. Quartier très sympa ( commerces, restaurants, bars). studio situé au 4e étage avec ascenseur d'une résidence calme et très sécurisée avec gardienne. très équipé ( TV, wifi, machine à laver, cuisine fonctionnelle). Logement idéal pour un pied à terre à Paris.  Pour voyageur seul voire un couple. Très confortable, refait à neuf récemment et décoré avec goût ( les photos arrivent bientôt). Grand espace rangement et cuisine très (website hidden), WIFI, machine à laver, four, micro ondes, vaisselle, refrigérateur+ congélateur. Quartier jeune et dynamique Marché à 2minutes à pied 3fois par semaine avec des artisans venant de toute la France!  Très bons commerçants le long de la rue ( grandes enseignes, supermarchés, commerces de proximité, produits locaux...). Piscine à 10minutes à pied. A 20minutes de la tour Eiffel en transports. Métro: convention Je serai à l'étranger pendant votre séjour mais la gardienne de l'immeuble se fera un plaisir de vous renseign
12646	Très bel appartement parisien typique de 50m2. Très lumineux et silencieux. Situé au 3éme étage sans ascenseur. L’appartement est organisé avec une grande pièce à vivre comprenant Salon et Cuisine tout équipée. Un couloir sépare le salon central des deux chambres équipées pour deux personnes. Le salon est agréable avec un grand canapé. Il convient parfaitement à un couple avec 2 enfants, table, chaises et télévision à écran-plat + Internet Wi-Fi gratuit. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec évier, plaques au gaz, réfrigérateur et micro-ondes/four. La salle de bain comporte une douche et un lavabo. Les toilettes sont situées à l’entrée de l’appartement. ---  A sunny flat near Parc des Expositions, at just 5 minutes by foot and close to the famous Eiffel Tower (20 min). Really well equiped, you will feel like at home in here. The flat is closed to the Metro Station “Convention”. The neighborhood is really warmed and safe.  Really good looking 50m² flat, Parisian style. Really sunny an	Un lumineux appartement et très bien équipé dans lequel vous vous sentirez comme chez vous. Il est situé à 5 min à pied du Parc des Expositions et à 20 min de la Tour Eiffel. Il est proche du métro Convention dans un quartier animé et bien fréquenté. Très bel appartement parisien typique de 50m2. Très lumineux et silencieux. Situé au 3éme étage sans ascenseur. L’appartement est organisé avec une grande pièce à vivre comprenant Salon et Cuisine tout équipée. Un couloir sépare le salon central des deux chambres équipées pour deux personnes. Le salon est agréable avec un grand canapé. Il convient parfaitement à un couple avec 2 enfants, table, chaises et télévision à écran-plat + Internet Wi-Fi gratuit. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec évier, plaques au gaz, réfrigérateur et micro-ondes/four. La salle de bain comporte une douche et un lavabo. Les toilettes sont situées à l’entrée de l’appartement. ---  A sunny flat near Parc des Expositions, at just 5 minutes by foot and close to t
12647	This Bakery has been totally renovated and transformed into a Design Studio by a group of Parisian Designers and Artists. It will make you live a unique experience in Paris ! We fondly call the apartment “The BOULANGERIE ROOM”. It is located on the ground level of a prestigious 19th century Parisian building. It is an apartment and will accommodate 2 persons, 230 square feet. The apartment is independant and rented just for you. APARTMENT DESCRIPTION The apartment features : a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV) a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, coffee maker (Nespresso), kettle, refrigerator, cooking plates, pans, … a dining area with a table for 2 a bedroom area with a very confortable queen size bed with a mattress + pillow top, 4 pillows  a compact wardrobe a shower room (shower, WC, sink, washer)  FREE WIFI PS : The apartment has large windows overlooking the quite street. Windows are made with a specific material (eye protection + security pr	Winner of the most romantic escape by the Guardian, winner of the tripadvisor excellence certificate awards from 2011 till 2014 !  This Bakery has been totally renovated and transformed into an apartment by Parisian Artists. For 2 persons. WIFI. This Bakery has been totally renovated and transformed into a Design Studio by a group of Parisian Designers and Artists. It will make you live a unique experience in Paris ! We fondly call the apartment “The BOULANGERIE ROOM”. It is located on the ground level of a prestigious 19th century Parisian building. It is an apartment and will accommodate 2 persons, 230 square feet. The apartment is independant and rented just for you. APARTMENT DESCRIPTION The apartment features : a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV) a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, coffee maker (Nespresso), kettle, refrigerator, cooking plates, pans, … a dining area with a table for 2 a bedroom area with a very confortable queen size bed with
12648		Petit studio calme avec toutes les commodités. Emplacement idéal pour shopping et visites touristiques de Paris grâce aux 2 lignes de métro juste à proximité. 
12649	Ce qui est sympa c'est de donner sur un jardin à 50m du métro	au pied du métro Lourmel, 3ème étage avec ascenseur d'une résidence sécurisée avec gardien et digicode. Il peut accueillir deux personnes et comporte des meubles anciens, un beau parquet et le linge est fourni. Il dispose et la TV et de la Wifi Ce qui est sympa c'est de donner sur un jardin à 50m du métro Tous commerces à proximité et un grand parc (André Citroën de promenade Nous habitons le même immeuble et parlons espagnol et portugais un bus (42) s'arrête à note porte et le métro (ligne 8) est de l'autre côté de la rue
12650	Appartement Haussmannien de 70m2 au 4e étage situé au pied de la Tour Eiffel. D'un coté, vue sur la Tour Eiffel, de l'autre vue dégagée. Appartement refait à neuf et décoré avec des meubles design. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement (chambre avec un lit double, salon avec deux canapés, salle à manger avec une table à manger pour 6 personnes, une petite terrasse avec une table et deux chaises, la cuisine et la salle de bain avec une baignoire). Il y a une possibilité de prévoir un matelas gonflable pour deux personnes dans le salon.  Le quartier est très agréable étant au pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars, ce qui est très pratique pour se balader ou faire du footing. L'appartement est a proximité : - du métro Bir Hakeim (ligne 6) - 5 minutes à pied - des lignes de bus 82, 42 et 87 - RER C (champs de mars - tour eiffel) Dans l'appartement, il y a un canari jaune mais qui chantent très peu.	Appartement Haussmannien au 4e étage situé au pied de la Tour Eiffel. D'un coté, vue sur la Tour Eiffel, de l'autre vue dégagée. Appartement refait à neuf et décoré avec des meubles design. Appartement Haussmannien de 70m2 au 4e étage situé au pied de la Tour Eiffel. D'un coté, vue sur la Tour Eiffel, de l'autre vue dégagée. Appartement refait à neuf et décoré avec des meubles design. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement (chambre avec un lit double, salon avec deux canapés, salle à manger avec une table à manger pour 6 personnes, une petite terrasse avec une table et deux chaises, la cuisine et la salle de bain avec une baignoire). Il y a une possibilité de prévoir un matelas gonflable pour deux personnes dans le salon.  Le quartier est très agréable étant au pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars, ce qui est très pratique pour se balader ou faire du footing. L'appartement est a proximité : - du métro Bir Hakeim (ligne 6) - 5 minutes à pied - des lignes de bus 82, 42 et 
12651	57 sqm flat - 1 Living room with flat screen TV, cable, internet and one single bed - 1 bedroom with 1 king size bed - 1 bathroom with bathtub - 1 kitchen dishwasher, washing machine, blender, oven, microwaves We are sure you ll enjoy your stay in our fully furnished and quiet typical 1900th apartment at the 5th floor (with elevator) Every shop you need at 2 min walk maximum: Bakeries, Epiceries, Cafes, Restaurants, supermarket... 10 min walk to Parc des Expositions de Versailles 50 meters from 2 subway lines and many buses: 8 minutes metro from the Eiffel tower (22 minutes walk), 15 minutes from Place de la Concorde, 17 min from Opéra, 20 min from Galeries Lafayettes, 25 from Gare du Nord, 25 min from Les-Champs-Elysées, 10 from Saint Germain. Fell free to contact me ! Flat pictures on demand.	Pictures on demand! 57 square meters flat 1 large living room (1 sofa-bed) 1 bedroom (1 doublebed) 1 bathroom 1 kitchen Located in the west of Paris, close to Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse Tower & Saint-Germain des Près.
12652	Our apartment is big enough for a family of five. There's a conveninet separation between the chikdren side and the parents side. Various shops Saint Charles street and a brand new commercial center with cinema and restaurants calle Beaugrenelle Center.	Our apartement, situated in the 15th district, provides 3 bedrooms (including 1 with small bathroom and 1 for kid), dining & living room, kitchen and bathroom. The station Javel drives you to Paris center or Versailles. Commercial center and shops. Our apartment is big enough for a family of five. There's a conveninet separation between the chikdren side and the parents side. Various shops Saint Charles street and a brand new commercial center with cinema and restaurants calle Beaugrenelle Center. You will access to wifi. Station Javel : Metro line 10, RER C Bus : line 62 
12653	The studio is located at the foot of Vaugirard Metro, just steps from the Gare Montparnasse in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. You will find this apartment near all shops useful (bakery, butcher, doctor, pharmacy, hospital, laundry, market, restaurants, cafes, hairdressers, supermarkets, theaters, clubs ...). The studio of 20 m2, located on the seven floor of a building with an elevator, is fully equipped to offer you a pleasant stay in the heart of the French capital. Among the facilities you will find: refrigerator / freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, combination microwave oven, crockery and cooking utensils, kettle, toaster, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer, iron, vacuum cleaner, fan, unlimited Wi-Fi internet access, unlimited phone bound for 150 countries, ADSL TV. The linen is provided for the rental period and you find a confortable sofa bed. Since the 15th district you can easily get to the Eiffel Tower, but also throughout the tourist attractions of Paris lik	The studio is at the 7 floor with an elevator. Located in the 15th area of Paris at the stop Vaugirard.  By foot you can go at the Effeil Tower and you have the métro at 1 minute from the apartment. The studio is located at the foot of Vaugirard Metro, just steps from the Gare Montparnasse in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. You will find this apartment near all shops useful (bakery, butcher, doctor, pharmacy, hospital, laundry, market, restaurants, cafes, hairdressers, supermarkets, theaters, clubs ...). The studio of 20 m2, located on the seven floor of a building with an elevator, is fully equipped to offer you a pleasant stay in the heart of the French capital. Among the facilities you will find: refrigerator / freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, combination microwave oven, crockery and cooking utensils, kettle, toaster, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer, iron, vacuum cleaner, fan, unlimited Wi-Fi internet access, unlimited phone bound for 150 countries, ADSL TV. Th
12654	"Welcome to Paris :) My apartment is a studio of 38m2, the perfect match for a couple visiting Paris :) The style is simple and cosy.  You have at your disposition any type of public transports and the neighborhood is vibrant, you can find ""le parc des expositions"" and ""le palais des sport"" then you may enjoy shows or salons. My street is calm and the apartment is in a closed residence so you have maximum security. Just Next to your place, you have supermarkets and many restaurants (Moroccan food, Italian food, Japanese and of course French food). The apartment consists in one big room, with a lounge space and a dining space and a bedroom space (double bed) with storages for your stuffs. You have also at your disposal a bathroom (with a bath not shower) and an equipped kitchen. Hope to receive soon, and of course welcome to Paris and have a nice trip!"	"Welcome to Paris :) My apartment is a studio of 38m2, the perfect match for a couple visiting Paris :) The style is simple and cosy.  You have at your disposition any type of public transports and the neighborhood is vibrant, you can find ""le parc des expositions"" and ""le palais des sport"" then you may enjoy shows or salons. My street is calm and the apartment is in a closed residence so you have maximum security. Just Next to your place, you have supermarkets and many restaurants (Moroccan food, Italian food, Japanese and of course French food). The apartment consists in one big room, with a lounge space and a dining space and a bedroom space (double bed) with storages for your stuffs. You have also at your disposal a bathroom (with a bath not shower) and an equipped kitchen. Hope to receive soon, and of course welcome to Paris and have a nice trip!"
12655	My studio is really enjoyable, you'll feel delighted. The area is pleasant, safe and well located. 3 métro stations nearby. Close to main monuments, shops, restaurants or business areas. 3 métro lines. It's convenient, with a real bed, very comfortable and perfectly fits 2 persons. Free unlimited Internet access. Bathroom with tub and all you need to travel light: Shampoo, toothpaste... The kitchen is fully equipped if you want to cook. I love sharing my love for Paris  with travellers and helping them having a great experience.	15mn walk from Eiffel Tower. 4Th floor. Quiet with king size comfortable bed.  Well equipped american kitchen. Bathroom with tub. Very close to 'Cambronne' subway station (line 6) Bus station (80). My studio is really enjoyable, you'll feel delighted. The area is pleasant, safe and well located. 3 métro stations nearby. Close to main monuments, shops, restaurants or business areas. 3 métro lines. It's convenient, with a real bed, very comfortable and perfectly fits 2 persons. Free unlimited Internet access. Bathroom with tub and all you need to travel light: Shampoo, toothpaste... The kitchen is fully equipped if you want to cook. I love sharing my love for Paris  with travellers and helping them having a great experience. You can access to everything in the apartment. You have a kettle and and a coffee machine with filters. Tea and coffee power are provided (website hidden), internet, Shampoo, after-shampoo, towels, toothpaste, air-dryer, washing machine... You can travel light. The k
12656	This is a 2 bedrooms appartment -but one with an actual bed- in a VERY remote and peaceful place in Paris: the 15eme in South West Paris. Very village-like, away from the hustle and bustle of the city, you will fall asleep like babies. Close to the Porte de Versailles and La Motte Picquet-Grenelle you will enjoy the picturesque aspect of the 15eme arrondissement. The building is pretty new (70ies or so), the flat all furnished, located ground floor, facing a nice little garden Très beau 3 pièces avec deux chambres - dont une avec lit effectif mais canapé lit dans le salon, situé non loin de la porte de Versailles et de La Motte Picquet, vous serez sensible au charme discret et pittoresque du 15eme. L'immeuble date des années 70, l'appartement est entièrement meublé et fait face à un petit jardin sur cours.	This is a 2 bedroom appartment -the other one is occupied by my roomate- in a VERY remote and peaceful place in Paris: the 15eme in South West Paris. Close to Lamotte Picquet
12657	"All comfort is offered in this flat: Wireless (free Wifi access), heater, domestic iron and ironing board, hair dryer, etc... 1 king Size Bed for 2 people, 1 Sofa Bed for 2 people = the perfect apartment for a couple/ a family. This calm and comfortable apartment is located in the 15th district of Paris, very close to the Eiffel Tower and only few minutes away from the famous ""Champs Elysées"". It is located on the 3rd floor of a building with elevator in a typical Parisian Building. It has a beautiful view over ""La Seine"".  The central location of the flat and the large public transport network around it (Metro Line 6 ""Bir Hakeim"", RER C ""Champs de Mars- Tour Eiffel), BUS 42/72/86...) provides easy access to major tourist sites in Paris such as Trocadéro, Les Champs Elysees, Les Invalides, The Orsay Museum, The Louvre Museum, The Quartier Latin, The ""Luxembourg"" Garden, The districts Of Saint Germain & Saint Michel (Notre Dame), etc. All amenities for a comfortable stay are available a"	WIFI, AC, heater, laundry service in the building  sleep 4 people, 2 in bed (queen size) This apartment is only a few steps away from the Eiffel Tower, and 5 minutes away (by metro) from the Champs Elysees.  It is located on the last floor of a building with elevator, and it has a beautiful view over La Seine and the Trocadero... From this apartment, you will be able to reach all the major touristic sites such as Les Champs Elysees, Les Invalides, The Orsay Museum, The Louvre, the St. Germain
12658		"1 min walk from metro ""Bir Hakeim - Champ de Mars"" closest stop to Eiffel Tower.  Very safe area in central Paris; beautiful and quiet flat. English female flat-mate in separate bedroom (can speak French). Only female guests: preferred aged 21-35."
12659	80 m2, sans vis à vis, orienté E/S sur rue, au 1er étage, balcon filant avec plantes. Situé sur une place où se trouve l'église Saint Jean Baptiste de Grenelle qui sonne les heures de 9H à 22H	Appartement idéalement situé, pouvant accueillir (2 couples), dans un quartier animé et commerçant. Les principaux sites touristiques sont accessibles facilement par le métro (1/4 heure d'Opéra par ex) Félix Faure ligne 8 - bus 70, 80 et 88.  80 m2, sans vis à vis, orienté E/S sur rue, au 1er étage, balcon filant avec plantes. Situé sur une place où se trouve l'église Saint Jean Baptiste de Grenelle qui sonne les heures de 9H à 22H Grand salon/SAM avec TV écran plat et lecteur DVD, quelques chaînes cablées, BBC Mezzo par ex Deux chambres climatisées chacune avec un lits doubles, dont un canapé convertible confortable. Une vraie Salle de bains, deux lavabos et une baignoire WC séparé une cuisine équipée séparée, avec lave linge, lave vaisselle, four, four micro ondes,  Nous ne souhaitons pas que nos hôtes fument dans l'appartement (le balcon peut s'y substituer), pas d'animaux non plus.  Nous sommes absents pendant le séjour des voyageurs que nous recevons Quartier vivant,  commerçant, 
12660	The apartment is modernly furnished with high quality furnitures. It can comfortably accomodate 3 people. There is a comfy queen size bed in the bedroom and a soft leather couch in the living room. Very bright during day time.	Cozy and newly refurnished 1 bedroom flat decorated with exotic art pieces. A true Parisian style! 2 mins walk to tram, metro & buses. Surrounded by Park Georges Brassens and an antique book market. Enjoy Paris! The apartment is modernly furnished with high quality furnitures. It can comfortably accomodate 3 people. There is a comfy queen size bed in the bedroom and a soft leather couch in the living room. Very bright during day time. Normally, I will not be in Paris during the listing period. But I will be available by email and phone calls.  Park George Brassens, second hand book and poster market, rue convention are all within walking distance. Several cafes, bakeries, banks and one carrefour are around the neighborhood, making everyday life easy and efficient.  Super convenient in terms of transportation. Tramway 3a, Metro 13 and several buses are all within walking distance. Metro: 4 stops to Gare Montparnasse, 10 stops to La Tour Eiffel.  Parking is not included, however, it is u
12661	Vue dégagée sur le parc des expositions et tout le sud de Paris, la pièce est très lumineuse. Si vous aimez les chats, vous serez reçus par mon chat Jekhyll, un sacré de Birmanie. Sinon il restera tranquillement dans ma chambre. Besoin de repasser votre chemise ? Demandez-moi la planche et le fer à repasser.	Parfaitement situé si vous souhaitez vous rendre pour un salon, séminaire ou autre évènement au parc des expositions ! Un hôtel 4 étoiles en bas de l'immeuble affiche des prix à 200€ la nuit ! Cette belle chambre accueillante est le parfait pied à terre pour une personne ou un couple voulant se rapprocher d'un des locaux professionnel du quartier. Vous trouverez boulangeries, restaurants, bars, supermarchés à moins de 100 mètres. Vue dégagée sur le parc des expositions et tout le sud de Paris, la pièce est très lumineuse. Si vous aimez les chats, vous serez reçus par mon chat Jekhyll, un sacré de Birmanie. Sinon il restera tranquillement dans ma chambre. Besoin de repasser votre chemise ? Demandez-moi la planche et le fer à repasser. La chambre est privative et isolée du reste de l'appartement par un grand couloir qui dessert la salle de douche + toilettes. Il suffit de me demander, je connais très bien Paris ! Ici on a l'embarras du choix : - le parc des expositions et le palais des s
12662	This apartment is a real treasure in Paris: peaceful, charming and lovely!  It is located in an old Parisian style pedestrian walkway.  The window of the living room open on to a courtyard with trees (perfect for BBQ). Perfect for one or even two couples with kids (up to 6 persons). This duplex is located close to the convenience food stores and traditional french restaurant.  Easy to access thanks to its privileged location near: - Montparnasse train station - exhibition center of Porte de Versailles - RER B (cité Universitaire) This duplex includes:  -1 lounge-dining room with a sofa bed (2 persons)  -1 washroom  -1 equipped kitchen (dishwashers, washing machine with dryer) -1 room with a very comfortable bed (2 persons)  -1 mezzanine with an additional bedroom and its futon (2 persons)  -1 bathroom with a big bathtub and a towel heater	    Bright duplex apartment of 50 m2. The countryside in Paris with its paved street and its little privat garden! Perfect for two couples (6 people max). Close to all conveniences, you will spent a very pleasant stay.    This apartment is a real treasure in Paris: peaceful, charming and lovely!  It is located in an old Parisian style pedestrian walkway.  The window of the living room open on to a courtyard with trees (perfect for BBQ). Perfect for one or even two couples with kids (up to 6 persons). This duplex is located close to the convenience food stores and traditional french restaurant.  Easy to access thanks to its privileged location near: - Montparnasse train station - exhibition center of Porte de Versailles - RER B (cité Universitaire) This duplex includes:  -1 lounge-dining room with a sofa bed (2 persons)  -1 washroom  -1 equipped kitchen (dishwashers, washing machine with dryer) -1 room with a very comfortable bed (2 persons)  -1 mezzanine with an additional bedroom and 
12663	It contains a bed (2ppl) and a convertible sofa (for 2 persons). Linen, covers and towels are provided.	"a 30m charming studio, 10 mins walk from Eiffel Tower. It is situated in a well known shopping area in Paris 15 ""Rue du Commerce"". Very close to the subway station (3 lines), to supermarkets, to restaurants and to shops. It can host from 2 over 4 ppl It contains a bed (2ppl) and a convertible sofa (for 2 persons). Linen, covers and towels are provided. The living space, a bathroom with tub, toilets and an equiped kitchen"
12664		"Ideally situated between subway stations: Motte Picquet / Commerce / Emile Zola / Dupleix and train station to Versailles Castle Eiffel Tower in 15 min by walking  It is 30m2, quiet, with a separate room and all commodities. Bathroom Dupleix area is a nice area with nearby merchants. On Wednesdays and Sundays Mornings it is a pleasure to do the market at the foot of my house under the subway! a stroll along the Seine? leave from the Bir-Hakeim station and enjoy the panorama: Trocadéro, Eiffel Tower until Alexander III bridge, guaranteed fun and you can stop there for a drink, full of bars for a drink in lounge chair:) From CDG airport (45 min): Roissybus to Opéra, then metro line 8 to the station picquet motte grenelle then 5 min walk or RER B to Denfert Rochereau, then metro line 6 direction ""Charles de Gaulle Etoile ""-station Dupleix From Orly airport (45 min): Orly bus to Denfert-Rochereau (or Orlyval + RER B Anthony to Denfert Rochereau), then take metro line 6 Dupleix station. Car"
12665	Appartement Idéal pour vacances ou déplacements professionnels (Idéal si vous êtes exposant ou visiteur sur un salons porte de Versailles). Bel appartement de 30m2 refait à neuf en 2013 situé dans le quartier de Convention a 5 minutes à pieds du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles.Cet appartement est situé en étage haut avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmannien donnant sur la rue de Vaugirard. Spacieux et fonctionnel cet appartement dispose d'un balcon sur toute la longueur de l'appartement.Cet appartement dispose d'une entrée,salle de bain,WC séparés,salle a manger avec cuisine américaine équipée( four,micro onde,plaques vitro-céramiques,lave vaisselle,hotte aspirante,machine Nespresso,bouilloire) et d'une chambre Salon avec canapé lit haut de gamme très confortable et facile a déplier.Le salon est aussi équipé d'une TV grand écran ,une freebox,lecteur blueray. L'appartement dispose du WI-FI et du téléphone en illimité.L'appartement est assez silencieux car équipé de triple	Appartement Idéal pour vacances ou déplacements professionnels (Idéal si vous êtes exposant ou visiteur sur un salons porte de Versailles). Bel appartement de 30m2 refait à neuf en 2013 situé dans le quartier de Convention a 5 minutes à pieds du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles.Cet appartement est situé en étage haut avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmannien donnant sur la rue de Vaugirard. Spacieux et fonctionnel cet appartement dispose d'un balcon sur toute la longueur de l'appartement.Cet appartement dispose d'une entrée,salle de bain,WC séparés,salle a manger avec cuisine américaine équipée( four,micro onde,plaques vitro-céramiques,lave vaisselle,hotte aspirante,machine Nespresso,bouilloire) et d'une chambre Salon avec canapé lit haut de gamme très confortable et facile a déplier.Le salon est aussi équipé d'une TV grand écran ,une freebox,lecteur blueray. L'appartement dispose du WI-FI et du téléphone en illimité.L'appartement est assez silencieux car équipé de triple
12666		Studette cosy tout confort, kitchinette et douche,  à coté du métro porte de Versailles et commerces à proximité . A bientôt !
12667	The architecture is typical of the 18th century Paris, with ceiling sculptures of angels. Cosy living room space with TV (english channels too) and fully equipped kitchen. Shared with a friendly flatmate who can assist. Double bed in the room with full length windows. Very light.	Room in a shared flat (one friendly flatmate) in one of the safest neighbourhood's of Paris - the 15th. Airy apartment, all modern amenities. 6 min walk from the metro Convention, 25 mins to central (Chatelet) Paris by metro. Many shops around. The architecture is typical of the 18th century Paris, with ceiling sculptures of angels. Cosy living room space with TV (english channels too) and fully equipped kitchen. Shared with a friendly flatmate who can assist. Double bed in the room with full length windows. Very light. Kitchen (all utensils), Coffee machine, hair drier, TV, cable, WiFi, bedsheets, towels, washing machine, radio, key for elevator access (4th floor) Will be around in evenings so happy to have a chat and help out. It is a safe family residential area with many grocery and clothes shops, drugstores, hairdressers, restaurants, Brasseries, cafés and bars.  Easy access to central Paris via metro line 12 from Convention or the tram 3 crossing the whole south loop of Paris fro
12668	Le logement peut accueillir 2 personnes de plus avec un couchage double dans un canapé lit dans une des deux chambres	Bel appartement familial à proximite du quartier montparnasse, spacieux , douillet et confortable. En duplex avec 3 jolies chambres, un vaste séjour lumineux. Le logement peut accueillir 2 personnes de plus avec un couchage double dans un canapé lit dans une des deux chambres Le logement est loué pour  3 des 4 chambres, les 2 salles de bains et la pièce de vie Quartier calme et populaire, à proximité de la gare montparnase Métro à 10 mn à pied et bus sur la place à 5 mn à pied. Les 2 mènent au coeur de Paris facilement.
12669		
12670	Overlooking courtyard so very calm - south east orientation luminuous. Recently repainted, furniture new. 	First floor-70m² .Comfortable & convenient flat with balcony & terrasse 1 Bedroom (double bed) - large living room with angle couch and table. Bathroom with bathtub. Toilets separated. Kitchen fully equipped. Wifi. 2nd room available with mattress  Overlooking courtyard so very calm - south east orientation luminuous. Recently repainted, furniture new. 
12671		L'appartement est situé dans un quartier calme, entouré de commerces, de boutiques et face à un parc.  Il est proche de la Tour Eiffel, des Invalides et de tous les autres monuments tels que le Louvre en 15 minutes par le métro.
12672	ideally located, just close to shops, subway, Tour Eiffel and a lot of touristic places. The independant bedroom is located in a typical french district with its famous markets, traditionnal trades,  diverse people.... A grocery store is opened day and night, just in front of the room. A lot of bars and restaurants nearby.	A very large and charming bedroom, with independant toilet and shower room. Living room is widely opened on Tour Eiffel. Close to shops, market & historic buildings. Kettle and microwave to prepare your breakfast in the room. ideally located, just close to shops, subway, Tour Eiffel and a lot of touristic places. The independant bedroom is located in a typical french district with its famous markets, traditionnal trades,  diverse people.... A grocery store is opened day and night, just in front of the room. A lot of bars and restaurants nearby. Welcome in the living room with wonderful view on  Tour Eiffel and Paris roofs. In your room: microwave oven and refrigerator only for you. No children. No animals. No smoking Walking 5 minutes and you are on Champ de Mars, in front of l'Ecole Militaire with view on Tour Eiffel. Why not picnic on the lawn ? Wonderful show with sparkling Tour Eiffel, every hour by night. Walk 10 minutes more and discover the Invalides and its esplanade, with Gran
12673	The flat is really comfortable with one middle sized bedroom and a living room with an additional double bed (red sofa bed on pictures).  Kitchen is fully equipped with: fridge, oven, hot plate, micro-wave, washing machine and toaster of course.  Bathroom is typically parisian: about 2 square meters, but you get the pleasure to shower with Marylin Monroe. Great book collection (few in english, sorry!), vinyl records, the place is really romantic! Of course, wi-fi is available, and we can set-up a television if required. 	Cosy two bedroom flat in the heart of the busy shopping 15th area. From the 5th floor, in a typical old parisian building, you can enjoy a view on the church facing our flat and the Eiffel Tower in the background. The flat is really comfortable with one middle sized bedroom and a living room with an additional double bed (red sofa bed on pictures).  Kitchen is fully equipped with: fridge, oven, hot plate, micro-wave, washing machine and toaster of course.  Bathroom is typically parisian: about 2 square meters, but you get the pleasure to shower with Marylin Monroe. Great book collection (few in english, sorry!), vinyl records, the place is really romantic! Of course, wi-fi is available, and we can set-up a television if required. Guests have access to the whole flat and its equipment, exception made of few cupboards. The flat situation is ideal  with 4 lines in 5 min walk reach (line 6 , 8, 10 and 12 ). When coming from Charles de Gaulle airport, take RER B (direction Paris), leave at 
12674	Entre le Parc des Expositions, Montparnasse et le Champ de Mars, ce 2 pièces au calme sera un point de départ idéal pour vos visites parisiennes. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes et est situé à Convention, véritable petit village dans Paris.  Beautiful Parisien flat with 2 rooms (bedroom, living, kitchen-bathroom), nord-west facing with a small balcony at the 2nd floor of the building. The large area of the apartment offers nice livable rooms. Located in a neighborhood with both family and shopping, you will find all the shops you need for your stay and many bars & restaurants. Just at the foot of the block: bakery, pharmacy, supermarket and minimarket.  At 2 minutes by foot, you will find the Convention place, with cafes, restaurants, cinema and banks, bus and tube (website hidden) Bel appartement parisien de 2 pièces (chambre, salon et cuisine-salle de bain), exposé nord-est avec balcon au 2ème étage de l'immeuble. La superficie de l'appartement offre de belles pièces agréables à vivre	Entre le Parc des Expositions, Montparnasse et le Champ de Mars, ce 2 pièces au calme sera un point de départ idéal pour vos visites parisiennes. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes et est situé à Convention, véritable petit village dans Paris.  Entre le Parc des Expositions, Montparnasse et le Champ de Mars, ce 2 pièces au calme sera un point de départ idéal pour vos visites parisiennes. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes et est situé à Convention, véritable petit village dans Paris.  Beautiful Parisien flat with 2 rooms (bedroom, living, kitchen-bathroom), nord-west facing with a small balcony at the 2nd floor of the building. The large area of the apartment offers nice livable rooms. Located in a neighborhood with both family and shopping, you will find all the shops you need for your stay and many bars & restaurants. Just at the foot of the block: bakery, pharmacy, supermarket and minimarket.  At 2 minutes by foot, you will find the Convention place, with cafes, restaurants, cinema and bank
12675		Appartement à 2 pas des commerces dans un quartier agréable et touristique. Tour Eiffel à 5 minutes à pied - Propre et lumineux.Cuisine équipée - draps et serviettes fournis.  Métro Ligne 6 Dupleix, Ligne 10 Emile Zola, Ligne 8 La motte Piquet
12676		Refait à neuf en 2014, au 3° étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmannien, 3 pièces comprenant une cuisine équipée, une salle à manger, un salon comprenant un canapé convertible et une chambre comprenant un lit double, salle d'eau avec WC. Une belle cuisine entièrement équipée,  un accès internet haut débit par la fibre. l'appartement est ensoleillé et les vues dégagées.
12677	Logement proche du métro (Cambronne et Motte Picquet) Commerce à proximité (Carrefour en face) Studio en RDC sur cour, immeuble calme; appartement lumineux. 	Studio de 17m² situé dans le 15ème au métro Cambronne.  En RDC sur cour, composé d'un canapé lit 2 places d'une kitchenette équipée  et d'une salle de bain a part avec baignoire lavabo et toilettes. Internet disponible. Logement proche du métro (Cambronne et Motte Picquet) Commerce à proximité (Carrefour en face) Studio en RDC sur cour, immeuble calme; appartement lumineux.  Accès à internet, aux différents équipements (grille pain, machine à café, four, micro-ondes) et à la vaisselle. Métro Cambronne L6 Métro Motte Picquet L6,10,8
12678	Spacious apartment (105 m2) in an elegant Haussmann style building with a guardian and 2 doors secured with codes before accessing the stairs. Calm in the center of Paris: The kitchen and bedrooms have views on a lovely patio's greenery. Ancient wooden floor in the whole apartment. There are no pets (although I love them! ), just a golden fish :) I live alone in this apartment, my daughter studies abroad,and I am at work during the day. Hence you'll benefit from absolute tranquillity! Mais je reste joignable si besoin.	You will be welcomed in a spacious room with 2 single beds (The one that is not visible is a pull out bed from underneath the other one) with views on a charming and silent patio. 5 walk : Eiffel Tower, The Seine, metro stations & RER (train) C, supermarkets, bakeries, organic food shops, restaurants, pharmacies, open market. 10 mn walk: shopping streets & Beaugrenelle Shopping Center Direct bus to gare du Nord, Champs Elysées, Opéra, Concorde, Madeleine, Quai Branly Museum Spacious apartment (105 m2) in an elegant Haussmann style building with a guardian and 2 doors secured with codes before accessing the stairs. Calm in the center of Paris: The kitchen and bedrooms have views on a lovely patio's greenery. Ancient wooden floor in the whole apartment. There are no pets (although I love them! ), just a golden fish :) I live alone in this apartment, my daughter studies abroad,and I am at work during the day. Hence you'll benefit from absolute tranquillity! Mais je reste joignable si beso
12679	This charming 40 sqm apartment has been fully (and tastefully) renovated in 2014 so as to provide a harmonious and functional interior. All the equipment is brand new. It consists of two separate rooms, communicating with each other (through a door that you can close), but also with and independent access from a corridor. The bedroom has a queen size bed of 160x200, a wardrobe and a small table. Next door you will find the main room, it is accessible from the hallway (and as we said previously, also directly from the bedroom). It has a living area and an open kitchen. The living area features a sofabed which provides additional sleeping for one person (130x190), a coffee table and a flat screen TV with cable channels. The fitted kitchen is open to the living, it is separated by a counter with high chairs where three people can sit. The bathroom is accessible from the hallway, it is equipped with a walk-in shower and a washbasin. It is also in this room that you will find the washer and	       Fully renovated 1-bedroom 40 sqm apartment to rent in a quiet street in the north of the 15th district. Perfect for long stays, well equipped, this cozy apartment is a great choice. This charming 40 sqm apartment has been fully (and tastefully) renovated in 2014 so as to provide a harmonious and functional interior. All the equipment is brand new. It consists of two separate rooms, communicating with each other (through a door that you can close), but also with and independent access from a corridor. The bedroom has a queen size bed of 160x200, a wardrobe and a small table. Next door you will find the main room, it is accessible from the hallway (and as we said previously, also directly from the bedroom). It has a living area and an open kitchen. The living area features a sofabed which provides additional sleeping for one person (130x190), a coffee table and a flat screen TV with cable channels. The fitted kitchen is open to the living, it is separated by a counter with high ch
12680		Beautiful room in a pleasant apartment shared with a very nice flatmate in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. Close to the metro station called Volontaires (on line 12), the size of the apartment is 50m2 with a living-room, wifi, bathroom.
12681	You will discover a brain new apartment. Completely renovated with style and quality rentals for non-resident  in mind.  We search quality because owners use it too like tenants so we all care about. On the 6th floor of a nice building with elevator, it is located in a quite but lively area with shops, restaurants, metro stations and busses.  Just few minutes walking to eiffel tower and the parisian statue of liberty. It offers a nice view on the very top of the Eiffel Tower,  on the typical Paris rooftops and nice urban lights of towers next during nights. The flat is furnished with a comfortable double-size sofa bed, a dining table with chairs, TV and Wi-fi Internet. The opened kitchen is fully equipped. A small hallway with wardrobe leads to the bathroom, with shower and toilet, and to a bedroom with double bed (140cm). You will like the quite but connected area and the romantic feeling of a night watching the eiffel tower and parisian roofs from your parisian cocoon. As specialist 	On the 6th floor of a building with elevator, this apartment has been completely renovated with style. It offers a nice view on the very top of the Eiffel Tower and on the typical Paris rooftops. You will discover a brain new apartment. Completely renovated with style and quality rentals for non-resident  in mind.  We search quality because owners use it too like tenants so we all care about. On the 6th floor of a nice building with elevator, it is located in a quite but lively area with shops, restaurants, metro stations and busses.  Just few minutes walking to eiffel tower and the parisian statue of liberty. It offers a nice view on the very top of the Eiffel Tower,  on the typical Paris rooftops and nice urban lights of towers next during nights. The flat is furnished with a comfortable double-size sofa bed, a dining table with chairs, TV and Wi-fi Internet. The opened kitchen is fully equipped. A small hallway with wardrobe leads to the bathroom, with shower and toilet, and to a be
12682		Chambre spacieuse dans un appartement de style haussmannien entièrement rénové et équipé. Tour Eiffel et Invalides à pied en 10 minutes ; Montparnasse à 2 stations direct. Location de places de parking au pied de l'immeuble.
12683		Downtown Paris, connected to various transports (metro, bus), close to manys shops. Enjoyable flat, and a balcony with a sufficient place for a table. An entrance, two separated rooms, a kitchen with a washing machine and an acceptable bathr
12684	Beautiful renovated private two bedrooms apartment, that sleeps 6 people. The Apartment has a nice living room with a flat screen TV, one big sofa bed, and a dining table. This flat has two nice rooms, one with Twin Beds, and the other one with a Queen Size Bed. There is a nice bathroom with shower, the toilets are separated. There is an equipped kitchen with a bridge, dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, tea and coffee making facilities. L'appartement a un joli séjour avec une télévision écran plat, un canapé-lit, et une grande table à manger. Il y a deux jolies chambres, l'une avec un lit Queen Size et l'autre avec deux lits jumeaux. La salle de bains a une douche et les WC sont séparés. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, d'un lave vaisselle, d'une machine à laver, d'un micro-ondes.	Comfortable, warm and safe two bedrooms vacation rental apartment for your Paris Trip Beautiful renovated private two bedrooms apartment, that sleeps 6 people. The Apartment has a nice living room with a flat screen TV, one big sofa bed, and a dining table. This flat has two nice rooms, one with Twin Beds, and the other one with a Queen Size Bed. There is a nice bathroom with shower, the toilets are separated. There is an equipped kitchen with a bridge, dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, tea and coffee making facilities. L'appartement a un joli séjour avec une télévision écran plat, un canapé-lit, et une grande table à manger. Il y a deux jolies chambres, l'une avec un lit Queen Size et l'autre avec deux lits jumeaux. La salle de bains a une douche et les WC sont séparés. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, d'un lave vaisselle, d'une machine à laver, d'un micro-ondes. I will stay at your entire disposal if you need help or more informations during your stay. Je suis à votre entière
12685	The space is very comfortable thanks to a bug corridor which separate the living space from the bedroom and the dining room. The space can be used as creatively as possible, which gives the 3 rooms a different feeling.  I have decorated in a simple way. The only thing is that the place is old and the painting is waring, but this gives a kind of old time feeling which I like.  The area in which my flat is located is great and beautiful. There is an awesome market (marche de save) on thursdays and saturdays. A lot of lovely restaurants, close to the invalids and the eiffel tower. It is easy to walk to St Germain des Pres, which is one of my favourite walk.	This flat is a typical parisian apartment, with wooden floors, one bedroom, a dining room and a living room, which cam be converted to a sleeping place as well.  There is a small flowered balcony on which i love to sep my tea, listening to the city. The space is very comfortable thanks to a bug corridor which separate the living space from the bedroom and the dining room. The space can be used as creatively as possible, which gives the 3 rooms a different feeling.  I have decorated in a simple way. The only thing is that the place is old and the painting is waring, but this gives a kind of old time feeling which I like.  The area in which my flat is located is great and beautiful. There is an awesome market (marche de save) on thursdays and saturdays. A lot of lovely restaurants, close to the invalids and the eiffel tower. It is easy to walk to St Germain des Pres, which is one of my favourite walk. The all flat is for use, the 3 rooms, the small kitchen and the bathroom. There is spac
12686	"The view is the sky and a breathtaking enormous Eiffel Tower... the balcony is one of those rare (in Paris) options that you'll be particularly happy to enjoy, taking your breakfast facing the Tower... A metro open air line passes in the street, but since it is a metro on pneumatic wheels the noise is reduced. The ""glass wall"" on the balcony side will let you enjoy the view from inside the apartment as well. The rest is simplicity and comfort: a double sofa bed and two single ones, an ""almost separated"" kitchen; a multi-size dining table, a little bathtub usable as shower; an appreciated lifter, an extremely rare (in Paris) air conditioning system, internet wifi, etc"	"The view is the sky and a breathtaking enormous Eiffel Tower... the balcony is one of those rare (in Paris) options that you'll be particularly happy to enjoy, taking your breakfast facing the Tower... The view is the sky and a breathtaking enormous Eiffel Tower... the balcony is one of those rare (in Paris) options that you'll be particularly happy to enjoy, taking your breakfast facing the Tower... A metro open air line passes in the street, but since it is a metro on pneumatic wheels the noise is reduced. The ""glass wall"" on the balcony side will let you enjoy the view from inside the apartment as well. The rest is simplicity and comfort: a double sofa bed and two single ones, an ""almost separated"" kitchen; a multi-size dining table, a little bathtub usable as shower; an appreciated lifter, an extremely rare (in Paris) air conditioning system, internet wifi, etc 15th or 7th arrondissement? This apartment is situated in the northern part of the 15th arrondissement of Paris, at the bo"
12687	apartment of 65 m2 with 2 bedrooms, living room, bathroom with shower and fitted kitchen .. There is a terrace where you can dine, have breakfast with a table and 2 chairs ..  The room rented is the one with a sofa bed for two people. The pictures are not really similar to the room because it changed a bit. But there is no elevator ...!  there are also internet with the wifi, video projector, washing machine, computer ...  The area,  in the 15th district, is very nice, a little village with lots of bars and restaurants, and a great park! It is very safe !Perfect for visiting Paris!  you will find any shop you need (supermarket, bakery, cheese store, grocery store) Metro Convention (line 12 : direct access to Concorde, Madeleine, Montmartre, Musée d'Orsay)  Metro Portes de Vanves (line 13 : direct access to Invalides, Champs-Elysées) it's also very safe area.  Welcome ! 	apartment of 65 m2 with 2 bedrooms, living room, bathroom with shower and fitted kitchen .. There is a terrace where you can dine, have breakfast with a table and 2 chairs ..  The room rented is the one with a sofa bed for two people. The pictures are not really similar to the room because it changed a bit. But there is no elevator ...!  there are also internet with the wifi, video projector, washing machine, computer ...  The area,  in the 15th district, is very nice, a little village with lots of bars and restaurants, and a great park! It is very safe !Perfect for visiting Paris!  you will find any shop you need (supermarket, bakery, cheese store, grocery store) Metro Convention (line 12 : direct access to Concorde, Madeleine, Montmartre, Musée d'Orsay)  Metro Portes de Vanves (line 13 : direct access to Invalides, Champs-Elysées) it's also very safe area.  Welcome ! 
12688	Petit appartement rénové récemment, ma femme et moi vivons en face. C'est au fond d'une cours donc très calme il n'y a pas de bruits de la rue. Située à trois minutes de la tour eiffel juste à coté de champs de mars nous vous offrons un petit havre de paix au centre de paris, parfait pour se reposer après une longue journée de visite. Il y a une grande chambre et un petit salon avec un canapé lit. Une salle de bain et une cuisine équipée. Pour faire son jogging. Il suffit de traverser la rue pour accéder au Champ de Mars.  	Facile d'accès, au rez de chaussé vue sur jardin, appartement refait à neuf : master bedroom, tout petit salon avec canapé convertible pour un adulte ou 2 enfants, SDB, douche, kitchenette équipée, wifi, commerces, restaurants, cafés. Bus, RER, metro Petit appartement rénové récemment, ma femme et moi vivons en face. C'est au fond d'une cours donc très calme il n'y a pas de bruits de la rue. Située à trois minutes de la tour eiffel juste à coté de champs de mars nous vous offrons un petit havre de paix au centre de paris, parfait pour se reposer après une longue journée de visite. Il y a une grande chambre et un petit salon avec un canapé lit. Une salle de bain et une cuisine équipée. Pour faire son jogging. Il suffit de traverser la rue pour accéder au Champ de Mars. Nous voyageons souvent mais si nous sommes la nous serons ravis de vous faire découvrir notre quartier et la cuisine française (nous avons tous les deux travaillé dans le vin et la gastronomie). Nous aimons bien parlé ang
12689	Our flat was built in the 1930's, which makes it unique ! we are at the 4th floor (with elevator). Artist spirit or curious will love our ''cabinet de curiosité'' style ! we love 16th century old portrait, art and curiosities. 	Hello everyone ! we are a couple of graphic designer living in paris for a year now, we live in a very cosy and charming flat, including a living room, kitchen, a bedroom, bathroom with separated toilets. We live at 10min from the eiffel tower ! Our flat was built in the 1930's, which makes it unique ! we are at the 4th floor (with elevator). Artist spirit or curious will love our ''cabinet de curiosité'' style ! we love 16th century old portrait, art and curiosities.  Our guests will have access to the whole flat, tv, internet, washing-machine. Guests can use one of our wardrobe for their clothes and luggages. Feel free to call us, even on our holidays, we stay available for everyone ! We love the proximity of the eiffel tower/champ de mars, which is great for picnic in the evening ! the neighborhood is full of food shops, bakeries, butchers etc..  Flat is accessible through line 8 boucicaut, or line 12 convention. You can use bikes to go to center paris (velib'), or you can take the 
12690	Grand appartement, calme et lumineux, dans un quartier très vivant de Paris (Beaugrenelle), à proximité de magasins, de petites boutiques, à 5 minutes à pieds de la Seine et proche de la tour Eiffel.  Disposant d'un petit jardin d'intérieur, il y fait bon vivre à tout moment de l'année.  L'appartement est entièrement équipé: internet, télévision avec box, machine à laver, four, plaques électriques, grille pain, etc.  Les serviettes sont également fournies. J'adore ce quartier qui est pour moi l'un des plus vivants de Paris et des plus pratiques. A proximité, vous disposez de plusieurs lignes de métro (ligne 6, ligne 10, ligne 8), de plusieurs bus (70, 88, 42) qui vous aideront à silloner Paris.  Plusieurs grandes surfaces à 2 pas de la maison pour faire ses petites courses. A proximité, vous disposez de plusieurs lignes de métro (ligne 6, ligne 10, ligne 8), de plusieurs bus (70, 88, 42) qui vous aideront à silloner Paris.  J'ai un petit chat qui est susceptible d'avoir laissé quelques	"Large apartment with a little garden, very bright and comfortable for 2-4 people. Located in the very animated Beaugrenelle area (plenty of shops and Parisian ""cafés"") at 10 min to the Eiffel Tower (by foot). You'll enjoy staying there!"
12691	Sans vis à vis donnant sur un jardin de charme.	1 appartement de 60 m2 bien situé à Paris, avec transport directe aéroport, centre ville et tous commerces de proximités. Sans vis à vis donnant sur un jardin de charme. Parc, tour Eiffel, les berges de Seine et le centre ville de Paris. Je suis ouvert et disponible. Un arrondissement de charme et paisible avec de grands espaces. Tous les transports, trains, métro, bus et même un héliport a coté ! Ideal pour un couple 2 personnes à Paris. C'est un 60 M2 avec cuisine, internet chaines etrangeres, internet et meme un plus... Pret d'un ordinateur portable.
12692	"Cosy studio, 22 m square with one principal room. Near to Champs de Mars (Effeil Tower, 15 min by walking). Good position, you can easily go everywhere in Paris from here. Close to the new mall ""Beaugrenelle"" Available for one or two persons; "	"Cosy studio, 22 m square with one principal room. Near to Champs de Mars (Effeil Tower, 15 min by walking). Good position, you can easily go everywhere in Paris from here. Close to the new mall ""Beaugrenelle"" Available for one or two persons; Cosy studio, 22 m square with one principal room. Near to Champs de Mars (Effeil Tower, 15 min by walking). Good position, you can easily go everywhere in Paris from here. Close to the new mall ""Beaugrenelle"" Available for one or two persons; Doble bed, tv, wifi. Little kitchen can be used, separated. Also a separated bathroom + toilet.  I do know many nice places in paris, i can advice you if you're here only for a few day and if you're looking for good restaurants, pubs, places to visit.. :) Rue du commerce : Long street with many parisian shops, you can find everything (restaurants, coffees, shops, bars, supermarket, even a sport club :) ) Champs de mars : by walking 15 minutes, you can have access to the champs mars and the eiffel tower. It le"
12693	APARTMENT INFORMATION This lovely 40 square meter, One- bedroom, one bath apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement, in a 19th century building and it sleeps up to 2 people. This apartment is equipped with, hardwood floors throughout, a washer, full size refrigerator, dishwasher, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Cable TV.   BUILDING This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a Security code and elevator with security key.  KITCHEN  The front entrance door takes you directly to the entrance of the house. You have a well equipped open kitchen immediately on your left, equipped with a full size refrigerator, washer, dishwasher, a two top ceramic burner stovetop, water boiler, and all of the dishes and necessary kitchen utensils to make a nice meal at home. This 4 square meter room has one window, allowing natural sunlight throughout the day.  LIVING ROOM The 18m2 living room is equipped with a flat screen, one large window, allowing ample natural light, 	Comfortable one bedroom apartment near the Eiffel Tower boasts modern chic, modern kitchen and bathroom, for a memorable stay. Near transit and great shopping, you can relax after a long day, with a glass of wine, in your Parisian home. APARTMENT INFORMATION This lovely 40 square meter, One- bedroom, one bath apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement, in a 19th century building and it sleeps up to 2 people. This apartment is equipped with, hardwood floors throughout, a washer, full size refrigerator, dishwasher, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Cable TV.   BUILDING This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a Security code and elevator with security key.  KITCHEN  The front entrance door takes you directly to the entrance of the house. You have a well equipped open kitchen immediately on your left, equipped with a full size refrigerator, washer, dishwasher, a two top ceramic burner stovetop, water boiler, and all of the dishes and necessary kitchen ut
12694	Le studio est situé dans une résidence privée  moderne et très calme , il est entièrement équipé , entrée, coin salon avec TV+wifi , lit 2 places , cuisine américaine , coin bureau , grande salle de  bain , grande terrasse ensoleillée . 	Le studio est situé dans une résidence privée  moderne et très calme , il est entièrement équipé , entrée, coin salon avec TV+wifi , lit 2 places , cuisine américaine , coin bureau , grande salle de  bain , grande terrasse ensoleillée .  Le studio est située dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris avenue Emile Zola , à 20 minutes à pieds de la Toue Eiffel , 200 m de la Seine , à 5 minutes du centre Beaugrenelle , plusieurs commerces à proximité. Le logement est accessible par la station de métro Javel André Citroen qui se situe à 200 m , Station de Rer Javel et desservie par plusieurs lignes de bus. 
12695		Un beau studio dans un immeuble Haussmannien à proximité du métro Bir Hakeim (ligne 6 tour Eiffel). La tour Eiffel, Trocadéro, Musée Branly, Orsay et la promenade de la Sein à quelque minutes à pied.
12696	14 m2 living room/bedroom with double sofa bed.	Private room to rent in a 40 m2 apartment, with shared kitchen, bathroom and toilets.  Double sofa bed Nice view, situated in a safe, high-end residential area. Nearest metro stop within 2 mins walking distance. 6th and top floor without lift. 14 m2 living room/bedroom with double sofa bed. Very nice neighborhood with easy access to metro (2 mins walking), close to a few tourist spots, i.e. Invalides, Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse...
12697		Ce 2 pièces confortable et design sera un bon départ pour commencer a visiter Paris. Situé rue du commerce dans une cour calme, vue dégagée sur la Tour Eiffel.  Salon, chambre avec grand lit double Cuisine indépendante et salle de bain. Quartier très vivant, nombreux commerces, boulangerie, boucherie, tabac, café,parc.  10 minutes à pied du champ de Mars Métro ligne 6, 10, 8
12698	Real parisian apartment near all commodities.	Cozy, 2 bedrooms apartment near the Eiffel tower. Apartment has breathtaking views of south Paris and is filed with sun all day long. Near 3 subway lines and all accomodations. Perfect for a weekend or a longer stay enjoying the beauty of Paris. Real parisian apartment near all commodities. 5mn walk from the Eiffel Tower, you are in the center of Paris! Great location close to all transportation for visiting Paris but also perfect to enjoy the true French way of life (farmers market twice a week in front of our building!). 3 subway lines, 1 hour to airports, 30mn to train stations We love our apartment and really wish that you will feel at home while staying in Paris and will for sure make everything we can to make your stay in Paris a wonderful experience.
12699	Dear Guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 680 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. This amazing design flat is for everybodies who prefer to rent the flats than hotels. Nearby Ecole militaire and Eiffel tower. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. inside of a private garden the flat is very calm with double glasses windows. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. the price include all service and machines inside : Linens, sheets, towels, Washer and dryer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron, Bidet etc...... bus 69 to go to invalide, Musée d'orsay, saint germain,	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear Guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 680 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. This amazing design flat is for everybodies who prefer to rent the flats than hotels. Nearby Ecole militaire and Eiffel tower. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. inside of a private garden the flat is very calm with double glasses windows. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. the price include all service and machin
12700		Lovely parisian flat of 55m2 with two rooms and a living-room (TV, internet), a kitchen fully equiped (oven, microwave,
12701	Descrition de l'appartement: Appartement situé au 8ème étage de 53m2 avec grand salon, cuisine americaine et grande terrasse ouest de 23m2 vue dégagée toits, Trocadero et Tour Eiffel, pas de vis-a-vis. Partie Grande chambre, lit de 180m + salle de bain baignoire + grand dressing	IMPORTANT! Location  de Terrasse et usage de l'appartement pour des événements/fêtes/etc... SANS HÉBERGEMENT.  Grande terrasse orientée ouest, soleil tard, 26m2, vue sur la Tour Eiffel, Trocadero, toits de Paris,... Pas de vis-à-vis. Descrition de l'appartement: Appartement situé au 8ème étage de 53m2 avec grand salon, cuisine americaine et grande terrasse ouest de 23m2 vue dégagée toits, Trocadero et Tour Eiffel, pas de vis-a-vis. Partie Grande chambre, lit de 180m + salle de bain baignoire + grand dressing
12702	Newly renovated top floor loft (7th floor with lift) with balcony and patio for outdoor dining or drinks.  View of Eiffel Tower from patio. Sunny, spacious and cosy.  Ideal for couples on holiday or single business travelers looking for a home from home.	Spacious, light & airy 1 bedroom, newly renovated top floor loft apartment.  View of Eiffel Tower from patio and of Pantheon from balcony.  Very quiet street, 1 min from shops, bars, cafés, park and restaurants.  Sleeps 2 in huge king sized bed.   Newly renovated top floor loft (7th floor with lift) with balcony and patio for outdoor dining or drinks.  View of Eiffel Tower from patio. Sunny, spacious and cosy.  Ideal for couples on holiday or single business travelers looking for a home from home. Sole use of apartment.  Private balcony and patio.  Lift. I will either be on holiday, staying at my boyfriend's near Paris, or traveling for work when you stay at my place.  Myself or a friend will be there to welcome you and I will always be contactable by phone. My neighourhood is a typical Parisian residential area with plenty of lively bars, cafés, restaurants, markets and shops within a 5 minute radius.  My street is exceptionally quiet with hardly any passing traffic.  Don't miss the p
12703	Bonjour, We are renting out our typically Parisian, 1 bedroom flat for short or longer stays. The apartment is on the 4th floor without elevator, has 1 bedroom with a large double bed, a living room with a comfortable sofa bed for 2, a small kitchen, a small bathroom and a separate WC. Both the living room and the bedroom have a big window, keeping the apartment luminous, and a great view to a typically Parisian street with Haussmann buildings.  It is situated between the 7th and the 15th district, on a calm street and within walking distance of great restaurants, shops and the neighborhood's market. Within a walking distance of 5 minutes you can take the 6, 8, 10 or 12 metro lines which will take you either to Montparnasse, Tour Eiffel and Champs-Elysées. The apartment is equipped with : -Internet/Wifi  -Iron  -Washing machine -Microwave/Oven -Nespresso machine -Television -Bed linen and towels Our wish is that you will enjoy our apartment and fully profit from your stay, so please in	Our charming, fully equipped, 1BDR, can welcome 4 people, has a charming view over a typically Parisian alley. In walking distance from the Invalides Area (5min) and the Eiffel Tower (10min). Calm neighborhood, access to 2 different metro lines. Bonjour, We are renting out our typically Parisian, 1 bedroom flat for short or longer stays. The apartment is on the 4th floor without elevator, has 1 bedroom with a large double bed, a living room with a comfortable sofa bed for 2, a small kitchen, a small bathroom and a separate WC. Both the living room and the bedroom have a big window, keeping the apartment luminous, and a great view to a typically Parisian street with Haussmann buildings.  It is situated between the 7th and the 15th district, on a calm street and within walking distance of great restaurants, shops and the neighborhood's market. Within a walking distance of 5 minutes you can take the 6, 8, 10 or 12 metro lines which will take you either to Montparnasse, Tour Eiffel and Cha
12704	We just moved to this apartment with my roommate, it's all renovated. It has the charm of the Parisian architecture with a freeston façade.	Hello,  I just moved with my roommate in a nice apartment on the 15th, the decoration is still in process :).  Because of my job I am often traveling and I rent my room for short periods.
12705	Charmant duplex au cœur du 15ème arrondissement, à 15min à pied de la tour Montparnasse, à 15min des Invalides, et à 25min à pied de la tour Eiffel. Commerces et restaurants en tout genre dans les environs et transports. Vue sur La Défense, la Tour Eiffel, la Tour Montparnasse, le Trocadéro, le Grand Palais, les Invalides, le Sacré-Cœur.	Duplex situé dans un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris. Proche des transports, monuments et loisirs. Charmant duplex au cœur du 15ème arrondissement, à 15min à pied de la tour Montparnasse, à 15min des Invalides, et à 25min à pied de la tour Eiffel. Commerces et restaurants en tout genre dans les environs et transports. Vue sur La Défense, la Tour Eiffel, la Tour Montparnasse, le Trocadéro, le Grand Palais, les Invalides, le Sacré-Cœur. Cuisine à l'américaine, libérant un large espace chaleureux faisant office de salon et salle à manger. 8ème étage avec ascenseur. WI-FI Draps et serviettes Machine à laver Lave-vaisselle De nombreuses plantes dans l'appartement Loisirs proches : parc, piscine, boîte de nuit, musée, bibliothèque, médiathèque. La mairie du 15ème est à 5 min à pied. Métro : lignes 6 et 12 Bus : 5 lignes = (phone number hidden) Noctiliens Stations vélib et autolib Tramway T3A (10min à pied)
12706	L'appartement a petit balcon ensoleillé le matin, tout l'appartement est très lumineux, attention : 5 ème étage sans ascenseur.	"Appartement situé à Paris à 3 minutes à pied de la station Convention ligne 12 du métro. 2 pièces : 1 salon, 1 chambre,cuisine,sale de bain et WC séparés. L'appartement est tout équipé, Il est à vous pendant que nous sommes en vacances! Welcome! L'appartement a petit balcon ensoleillé le matin, tout l'appartement est très lumineux, attention : 5 ème étage sans ascenseur. calme et agréable, petits restaurants, et supermarchés à proximité 3 minutes à pied du métro ligne 12, station ""convention"""
12707	Located on the first floor, in a typical charming house, this studio of 140 square feet is a heaven of peace in a lively district.  Living room : - Sofa bed - WIFI - Flat screen TV  - Phone with INTERNATIONAL FREE CALL to fixed numbers only : US - Australia - Canada - Europe - Hong Kong - Singapore Kitchen : - Fridge - Micro wave owen - Electric Induction plates - Coffee maker Bath room : - Shower - Hair dryer Bed linen and towels included 	"Colorful, luminous, in a pop style, in the heart of the ""Commerce"" district, this studio offers all the advantages for a pleasant stay in Paris.  Located on the first floor, in a typical charming house, this studio of 140 square feet is a heaven of peace in a lively district.  Living room : - Sofa bed - WIFI - Flat screen TV  - Phone with INTERNATIONAL FREE CALL to fixed numbers only : US - Australia - Canada - Europe - Hong Kong - Singapore Kitchen : - Fridge - Micro wave owen - Electric Induction plates - Coffee maker Bath room : - Shower - Hair dryer Bed linen and towels included Living in the neighborhood, we remain at your disposal to improve your stay. Its proximity with the Eiffel Tower, the Champ de mars but also  the shops of the ""Commerce"" street , 15th District (the safer area in Paris) will immerse yourself in a very Parisian atmosphere. A typical weekly market, a grocer's open until midnight, some Parisian brasseries will allow you to taste the flavors of the French cuisin"
12708		- 30m2, sunny, clean studio appartment - Double bed - Separate Kitchen - Washing Machine, Internet - Very close to subway station  - 1st Floor with elevator - Supermarkets right at the corner
12709	Appartement très calme, 34 m2. Une chambre avec lit double, un salon/cuisine américaine, une salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à (website hidden), WiFi fibre. Décoration contemporaine.	"Appartement très calme, 34 m2. Une chambre avec lit double, un salon/cuisine américaine, une salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à (website hidden), WiFi fibre. Décoration contemporaine. A 2 minutes du Métro et tramway ""porte de Versailles"". Appartement très calme, 34 m2. Une chambre avec lit double, un salon/cuisine américaine, une salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à (website hidden), WiFi fibre. Décoration contemporaine. Toutes les pièces Disponible par téléphone Quartier calme, en face du parc des expositions, très bien desservi par les transports, supermarchés, épiceries, restaurant, bistrot et bar à proximité. A coté de la petite ceinture de Paris/coulée verte ; idéal pour faire du jogging ou des balades en amoureux. METRO 12 : ""Porte de Versailles"" TRAM 3 : ""Porte de Versailles"""
12710	In this flat, you have a kitchen with a washing machine and a dishwasher. A bedroom with a big bed and TV. Another bedroom with deux beds for chidren. A main room with a very nice view on a square. There is also a small bathroom. The flat is at the fifth floor but no elevator. In the aera, you have buses and tubes : Cambronne station and La Motte Piquet station. There are many restaurants and shops. It is very near the Champs de Mars, near the Eiffel Tower.	In this flat, you have a kitchen with a washing machine and a dishwasher. A bedroom with a big bed and TV. Another bedroom with deux beds for chidren. A main room with a very nice view on a square. There is also a small bathroom. The flat is at the fifth floor but no elevator. In the aera, you have buses and tubes : Cambronne station and La Motte Piquet station. There are many restaurants and shops. It is very near the Champs de Mars, near the Eiffel Tower.
12711		Joli studio au coeur de paris 15eme a 20 min a pied a la tour eiffel ,un quartier tres calm et bien desservis a 5 min  du M-10 et RER C. Mon studio est situer au rez de chaussée  avec une porte blindée  la chambre  comprend un clic clac de 2 places.
12712	 Le studio est situé à 200 des métros Boucicault et  convention qui permettent d'aller au champs de Mars,au Grand Palais, Montmartre, Montparnasse, le Louvre et les Champs-Elysés. de plus les bus 62 80 et 39 qui sont à dix mètres de la porte d'entrée  et vous permettrons d'aller directement au jardin du Luxembourg, l'île aux cygnes ( magnifique balade jusqu'à la tour Eiffel ) et au musée du Louvre. Pour finir si vous êtes amateur de balade en vélos une station de vélib se trouve aussi à quelques mètres. Si vous avez la moindre question n'hésitez pas. 	       Studio très fonctionnel et très proche de tous les types de transports, idéal pour consultant travaillant à porte de Versailles, mais aussi pour visiter Paris car vous serez situé à moins de 15 minutes des principaux monuments.        Le 15ème est un quartier chic essentiellement résidentiel.Tous les types de commerces se trouvent à moins de 100 mètres (épicerie,restaurants,fast-food,laverie, un supermarchés, cinémas,boulangeries, pub, cafés,...) Le studio est situé à 200 mètres des métros Boucicault et  Convention qui permettent d'aller au champs de Mars,au Grand Palais, Montmartre, Montparnasse, le Louvre et les Champs-Elysés. de plus les bus 62 80 et 39 qui sont à dix mètres de la porte d'entrée  et vous permettrons d'aller directement au jardin du Luxembourg, l'île aux cygnes ( magnifique balade jusqu'à la tour Eiffel ) et au musée du Louvre. Pour finir si vous êtes amateur de balade en vélos une station de vélib se trouve aussi à quelques mètres. Si vous avez la moindre que
12713	Perfect place to stay in Paris with view Eiffel Tower  A short stroll from the Eiffel Tower, near 3 metro stations Dupleix (line 6) La Motte Picquet Grenelle (line 8) and Charles Michel (line 10).  Large entrance Living room with a convertible sofa, a desk with computer, charming view of Eiffel Tower Bedroom quiet and bright : queen size bed for 2 persons, cupboard, screen flat television Bathroom : bathtub or shower with washbasin, washing linen machine Kitchen : ceramic plates, fridge, microwave, dishwasher,all kitchen accessories : boiler, toaster, coffee machine Separate toilets 	Perfect place to stay in Paris with view Eiffel Tower  A short stroll from the Eiffel Tower, near 3 metro stations Dupleix (line 6) La Motte Picquet Grenelle ( line 8) and Charles Michel (line 10). This all equipped property 40 sqm on the 4th floor  Perfect place to stay in Paris with view Eiffel Tower  A short stroll from the Eiffel Tower, near 3 metro stations Dupleix (line 6) La Motte Picquet Grenelle (line 8) and Charles Michel (line 10).  Large entrance Living room with a convertible sofa, a desk with computer, charming view of Eiffel Tower Bedroom quiet and bright : queen size bed for 2 persons, cupboard, screen flat television Bathroom : bathtub or shower with washbasin, washing linen machine Kitchen : ceramic plates, fridge, microwave, dishwasher,all kitchen accessories : boiler, toaster, coffee machine Separate toilets This all equipped property 40 sqm on the 4th floor with a lift provides you all amenities in the center of the parisian life : shops, restaurants, sightseeings 
12714	Quartier calme prisé par les parisien, proche tour Eiffel et toute commodité Appartement très agréable Appartement en rez-de-chaussée donnant sur rue très calme et jolie cour fleurie Le logement sera entièrement à disposition des voyageurs. Il dispose d'une cuisine, d'une salle d'eau, de WC séparés.  1 chambre à coucher avec un lit 160 cm (la salle d'eau est accessible depuis cette pièce) + 1 chambre d'amis équipée d'un canapé dépliant en mousse + un séjour avec un canapé pouvant accueillir une personne. Le bâtiment possède une jolie cour accessible à l'ensemble des habitants. Nous nous tiendrons à disposition pour toute information facilitant le séjour des voyageurs. Le quartier est très calme. Le palais des expositions est à 1 station de métro. La tour Eiffel est à 15 minutes de marche. A quelques pas, vous trouverez un parc (5 min), de nombreux bars et restaurants, le marché de la rue convention (3 jours par semaine). Les voisins sont sympathiques. Station de métro convention située	Quartier calme prisé par les parisien, proche tour Eiffel et toute commodité Appartement très agréable Appartement en rez-de-chaussée donnant sur rue très calme et jolie cour fleurie Le logement sera entièrement à disposition des voyageurs. Il dispose d'une cuisine, d'une salle d'eau, de WC séparés.  1 chambre à coucher avec un lit 160 cm (la salle d'eau est accessible depuis cette pièce) + 1 chambre d'amis équipée d'un canapé dépliant en mousse + un séjour avec un canapé pouvant accueillir une personne. Le bâtiment possède une jolie cour accessible à l'ensemble des habitants. Nous nous tiendrons à disposition pour toute information facilitant le séjour des voyageurs. Le quartier est très calme. Le palais des expositions est à 1 station de métro. La tour Eiffel est à 15 minutes de marche. A quelques pas, vous trouverez un parc (5 min), de nombreux bars et restaurants, le marché de la rue convention (3 jours par semaine). Les voisins sont sympathiques. Station de métro convention située
12715		Ancien atelier d'artistes de 55m2. Vue sur les toits de Paris et les invalides. Très bien situé sur un square à 2m du champs de Mars. Proche metro ligne 6, 8 et 10. Tous commerces à 100m. Très lumineux et ensoleillé. Volume, confort et charme.
12716		Situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, métro Convention, studio de 30m2 neuf avec cuisine, salle de bain et toilette. À 5 min du parc Georges Brassens et du Parc des exposition à pieds.
12717	Very bright and quiet. Ideally located near Eiffel Tower, subway and bus stations The flat was entirely renovated last year and can comfortably accomodate four.Free and private parking. Machine premium coffee with coffee offered.	Recently renovated, ideal for families with private parking. Near Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, Champs de mars, Invalides, museums,...free parking, 4 bicycles (2 childrens, 2 adults). Very bright and quiet. Ideally located near Eiffel Tower, subway and bus stations The flat was entirely renovated last year and can comfortably accomodate four.Free and private parking. Machine premium coffee with coffee offered. Wi-Fi, sports channels, home-cinema, parking spot. I prefer guests to take off their shoes in the apartment, to smoke only on the balcony and pets are not allowed. We speak French, English, Portuguese, Spanish and Italian. Family neighbourhood, near shops, parks and subway stations. You can easily walk  to Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Champs Elysées,... Metro Boucicaut or Lourmel , Bus 42, RER Javel, Tramway Balard, two parking spots. Quand vous entrez dans l'appartement il faut ouvrir le coffre blanc sur votre droite pour faire lever tous les volets?
12718	Flat very bright, positioned at the 7th level of a typically 19th Parisian style building. (with elevator). The flat is perfectly situated from the Eiffel Tower but also for all commerces needed (Rue du commerce), bakery, Restaurants, Parisian cafés  Big double bed in a separated room from the living room.  This flat is perfect for a couple eaging to meet Paris like real Parisians !	The Flat is composed of a living room, bed room and a bathroom.  Bright, comfortable, well positioned to the metros and  perfectly situated from eiffel tower, this flat is a perfect solution to easily feel the wave of Paris ! Flat very bright, positioned at the 7th level of a typically 19th Parisian style building. (with elevator). The flat is perfectly situated from the Eiffel Tower but also for all commerces needed (Rue du commerce), bakery, Restaurants, Parisian cafés  Big double bed in a separated room from the living room.  This flat is perfect for a couple eaging to meet Paris like real Parisians ! Complete accomodation - Living room (with full equipped kitchen) - Bed room - Bath room I'll meet the guests to briefly introduce them specificity of the flat and the neighborhood ! Will offer you a bottle of red wine to welcome you! The flat is perfectly positioned for easily going everywhere in Paris Metro: Line 6 Dupleix (2 min) Line 8, 10 La Motte Piquet (3 min)  RER C Bir Hakeim (
12719	Big apartment with space  (85 sq m), 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with bathtube win a safe area.	Welcome to my haussmannian appartment of 85 square meters located close to Montparnasse station and 5 minutes away by metro to Saint Germain des Près!! Big apartment with space  (85 sq m), 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with bathtube win a safe area. All my apartment + internet I will help them to visit the best spots in Paris. Safe area with restaurants, bar, shop store, bakery (1 minutes away), and hypermaket (3 minutes away). You are close to Montparnasse station and Pasteur station. Il est facile de se garer dans le quartier le soir.
12720	Très bien situé Proche de tout Tout neuf	Très bel appartement dans Paris,très proche Tour Eiffel calme, lumineux. Appartement neuf. Parking privé Very nice flat, few meters from Eiffel Tower, 1 double bed Bright, calm. Brand new flat Private parking
12721	"Hello, I put at your disposal a 3-room apartment, located one minute from metro Cambronne, in the heart of the 15th arrondissement of Paris, left bank of the Seine. You are 5 minutes walk from the rue du Commerce,  a busy shopping street, and from metro lines 6,8 and 10. If you enjoy walking or running in parks, you will find the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides and Avenue Breteuil 10 minutes from home. Direct by metro to the Champs Elysées, the Opéra, the ""Quartier Latin"" and Montparnasse. The apartment on the 7th floor (with lift) is very bright and can accommodate 5 people (2 double and an extra bed in the lounge). Bathroom with bath, kitchen, separate toilets. The neighbourhood is very safe. The apartment can be rented in its entirety, but I can also rent a room in a shared house for short stays. In this case, please contact me by mail for prices. "	"A 3-room apartment, located one minute from metro Cambronne, in the heart of the 15th arrondissement of Paris. The apartment can be rented in its entirety, but I can also rent a room in a shared house for short stays. In this case, please contact me  Hello, I put at your disposal a 3-room apartment, located one minute from metro Cambronne, in the heart of the 15th arrondissement of Paris, left bank of the Seine. You are 5 minutes walk from the rue du Commerce,  a busy shopping street, and from metro lines 6,8 and 10. If you enjoy walking or running in parks, you will find the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides and Avenue Breteuil 10 minutes from home. Direct by metro to the Champs Elysées, the Opéra, the ""Quartier Latin"" and Montparnasse. The apartment on the 7th floor (with lift) is very bright and can accommodate 5 people (2 double and an extra bed in the lounge). Bathroom with bath, kitchen, separate toilets. The neighbourhood is very safe. The apartment can be rente"
12722	Cet appartement de 40 m2 est au coeur d'un quartier vivant où tout est disponible dans un rayon de 200 m (transports,station velib au pied de l'appartement, bistrots, restaurants, Monoprix, boucheries, fromageries, banques, marché les mercredis et dimanches...). Cet appartement vous offrira tant par sa situation que par la qualité des équipements (cuisine entièrement équipée, armoire-lit 140X200, canapé rapido) un grand confort et de l'espace pour la surface proposée. L'appartement peut accueillir 3 personnes. 	This very practical and secured 2 room apartment, located few minutes away from Eiffel Tower, Seine River, Trocadero and Quai Branly museum will be an ideal base for those wishing to discover Paris from the inside.
12723	c'est un beau studio à coté du centre beaugrenelle, de nombreux commerces aussi dans la rue du commerce.  	jolie studio de 17m2. une salle de bain avec toilette, une kitchenette et une pièce à vivre avec canapé convertible. tout équipé! télé, wifi cherche personne pour toute la période de préférence. l'appartement sera propre et rangé à la perfection. c'est un beau studio à coté du centre beaugrenelle, de nombreux commerces aussi dans la rue du commerce.  metro 10 et 8 rer C velib autolib
12724	This is a 52 square meters flat in a modern and quiet building . And all rooms (bathroom, bedroom, living room, kitchen) are independant.  It is a west and south faced flat with a view over a garden. It is a bright flat !  There is one sofa bed in the living room and one single bed in the bedroom.	It is a bright and nice flat with a balcony. All rooms are independant and it has been renovated two years ago. It is 10 min far from the Effel Tower and 5 min from three different metro lines. Bed linen is provided. This is a 52 square meters flat in a modern and quiet building . And all rooms (bathroom, bedroom, living room, kitchen) are independant.  It is a west and south faced flat with a view over a garden. It is a bright flat !  There is one sofa bed in the living room and one single bed in the bedroom. It is on the 2nd floor and there is an elevator. It is 10 min far from the Effel Tower or the invalides.  There is a shopping street and several supermarket close to the flat. There are three metro stations (La motte piquet grenelle, Cambronne, Emile Zola) with three different metro lines (6, 8 and 10). There is also a bus stop near the flat.  Don't hesitate to ask me for further détails.
12725	• This is a one bedroom apartment. • The living room is equiped with a smart TV set with cable TV, radio, table and chairs, sofa and armchair.  • The kitchen contains a refrigerator, Nespresso coffee machine, smoothie machine, dishes and cutlery.  • There is individual heating and hot water.  • Bed linen and towels are provided as well as basics - paper towels, toilet paper, shower gel and shampoo if needed. ( Washing machine + hair Dryer + hair straightener) The building is on a green street in the 15th arrondissement, bordering the 7th. It is 2 minutes walk from Dupleix stop. There are several shops like: Monoprix, Zara, H&M, Gap, Starbucks 5 minutes walking. I would be glad to answer any questions related to your planned stay.	Charming and cosy flat in a nice neightborhood on the 2nd floor. With warm light in all spaces, oak parquet. Nice, cosy flat, with natural light in all rooms, green plants, TV. Close to sightseeings. 1 double bedroom, 1 living room with the kitchen, 1 bathroom. Close to sightseeings but outside of the crowded circuit. My cosy apartment is situated at walking distance from the Tour Eiffel, in a 6-stories 100 years old building with quiet neighbours. • This is a one bedroom apartment. • The living room is equiped with a smart TV set with cable TV, radio, table and chairs, sofa and armchair.  • The kitchen contains a refrigerator, Nespresso coffee machine, smoothie machine, dishes and cutlery.  • There is individual heating and hot water.  • Bed linen and towels are provided as well as basics - paper towels, toilet paper, shower gel and shampoo if needed. ( Washing machine + hair Dryer + hair straightener) The building is on a green street in the 15th arrondissement, bordering the 7th. It
12726	L'immeuble est typiquement parisien et offre le charme des pierres de taille, du parquet et des moulures. Il est équipé avec modernisme, fonctionnalité et design. Il dispose de tout le confort: cuisine équipée, lave vaisselle, lave linge, sèche linge	L'immeuble est typiquement parisien et offre le charme des pierres de taille, du parquet et des moulures. Il est équipé avec modernisme, fonctionnalité et design. Il dispose de tout le confort: cuisine équipée, lave vaisselle, lave linge, sèche linge Les voyageurs accèderont au Wifi, à notre bibliothèque et à notre équipement (bouilloire, cafetière Nespresso, Wii...). L'exception est notre ordinateur familial auquel nous ne donnons pas accès. Nous accueillerons nos hôtes et seront présents lors du départ. Le quartier Commerce, l'un des plus réputé de Paris est très agréable avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants. La situation centrale et proche du métro rend tous les quartiers de la capitale accessibles rapidement. Enfin, l'ouverture récente du centre Beaugrenelle à 10 minutes à pied propose un shopping de standing. Métro Motte Picquet Grennelle  Lignes 6, 8 et 10 Station de taxi Bus 80
12727	Appartement 2pièces, de 50m2 avec ascenseur. Le logement dispose d'une chambre avec lit double et d'un grand salon avec canapé-lit double très confortable.  Une Salle de douche avec WC séparé, cuisine séparée et équipée.  L'appartement dispose également d'un balcon ensoleillé pour y prendre vos repas en toute tranquillité. Résidence sécurisée et calme, appartement donnant sur un jardin intérieur.	Bel appartement de 50m2, proche transports et commerces, clair et lumineux avec balcon, tout confort au coeur de Paris dans un quartier animé. Idéal jeune couple avec amis ou famille. Sentez vous comme à la maison dans une résidence sécurisée. Appartement 2pièces, de 50m2 avec ascenseur. Le logement dispose d'une chambre avec lit double et d'un grand salon avec canapé-lit double très confortable.  Une Salle de douche avec WC séparé, cuisine séparée et équipée.  L'appartement dispose également d'un balcon ensoleillé pour y prendre vos repas en toute tranquillité. Résidence sécurisée et calme, appartement donnant sur un jardin intérieur. Vous trouverez sur place un manuel d'utilisation du logement.  Vous avez accès à tous les éléctroménagers, et nous nous rendons disponible à tout moment si vous avez besoin d'aide ou d'information supplémentaires. L'appartement se situe dans un quartier très agréable, animé et familiale. Vous y trouverez tous les commerçants, de très bonnes adresses de r
12728	The living room includes TV with furnitures, sofa, decoration and coffee table. The kitchen is modern, tastefully optimized and well equipped with oven, microwave, cooker hood, fridge, dishwasher, vitroceramics, toaster, kettle, and all ustensils for cooking. The bedroom is tastefully decorated including one large double bed, nightstands and closet.  The bathroom is modern and convenient with toilets, shower, washbasin.	"Ideal warm nest of 38 square meters with one bedroom which can sleep 2 people. The living room includes TV with furnitures, sofa, decoration and coffee table. The kitchen is modern, tastefully optimized and well equipped with oven, microwave, cooker hood, fridge, dishwasher, vitroceramics, toaster, kettle, and all ustensils for cooking. The bedroom is tastefully decorated including one large double bed, nightstands and closet.  The bathroom is modern and convenient with toilets, shower, washbasin. The whole apartment Located on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a building well maintened by a concierge and secured by a door code. In the apartment of the windows are double-glazed and overlook a courtyard without opposite. Well located in the 15th district just behind the long shopping street ""Rue du commerce"" full of famous shops, convenient stores and supermarkets. You will find everything you need just at few meters from the apartment. Very close to the flat there is the Saint-Lanbert s"
12729	Ce logement  est Idéal pour un ou deux couples ou un couple et deux enfants Accès WIFI – Linge de toilette et de lit fournis Cuisine américaine totalement équipée (lave vaisselle, machine Nespresso , micro onde, 2 plaques induction, vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine, nombreux placards ) Salon avec canapé lit 2 places (140) , TV écran plat (chaines internationales), table de salle à manger 4- 6 places Chambre séparée (lit double de qualité)   Vous avez la possibilité si vous le souhaitez de ranger le lit facilement au plafond et de gagner ainsi plusieurs m2  Salle de bain avec douche, placard et machine à laver Toilettes séparées Digicode à l'entrée  Métro Convention ligne 12 & Bus Station de taxi, cinéma, restaurants, supermarché, boulangerie …. à 2 minutes à pied Accès rapide au centre de Paris, quartiers Latin, du Marais , des Grands Magasins , Musée du Louvre , Gare Montparnasse , Gare du Nord (Eurostar) , RER C (Château de Versailles) , parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles	L’appartement,40 m2,pour 4 personnes est situé dans le 15ème arrondissement,Rive Gauche,central et très bien desservi, proche de tous commerces Typiquement parisien avec petit balcon, cheminée,vue dégagée dans une  rue très calme Ce logement  est Idéal pour un ou deux couples ou un couple et deux enfants Accès WIFI – Linge de toilette et de lit fournis Cuisine américaine totalement équipée (lave vaisselle, machine Nespresso , micro onde, 2 plaques induction, vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine, nombreux placards ) Salon avec canapé lit 2 places (140) , TV écran plat (chaines internationales), table de salle à manger 4- 6 places Chambre séparée (lit double de qualité)   Vous avez la possibilité si vous le souhaitez de ranger le lit facilement au plafond et de gagner ainsi plusieurs m2  Salle de bain avec douche, placard et machine à laver Toilettes séparées Digicode à l'entrée  Métro Convention ligne 12 & Bus Station de taxi, cinéma, restaurants, supermarché, boulangerie …. à 2 minutes à p
12730		PROCHE TOUR EIFFEL metro DUPLEIX OU LA MOTTE PICQUET GRENNELLE ET PARC DES EXPOSITION DE PARIS APPARTEMENT POUR 4 PERSONNES REFAIT A NEUF LUMINEUX AU PIED DES COMMERCES ( boulangerie, restaurant...) 
12731	Le logement est neuf et propre avec une literie très confortable . Linge de maison à disposition . 	Le logement est neuf et propre avec une literie très confortable . Linge de maison à disposition . 
12732	Situated in a quite residential area at 20 minutes' walk from the Eiffel tower, the 4 rooms 80m2's appartment is very comfortable for 7 persons, family with children or friends. It is in a 1910th building, Parisian style, calm, clear, with view on the roofs and on a wide opened treefiled courtyard. The flat is situated on the 6th floor with an elevator. 3 large bedrooms, between 12 and 17 m2 are calm and sunny, and have a view on the courtyard. 2 bedrooms have 3 single-beds each, and one has a double-bed (see pictures). There is a wide, calm and sunny  living room with an American kitchen with view on Parisian roofs and a wide courtyard with no direct opposite buildings.(see pictures) There is one bathroom with shower and toilet area. (see picture) The flat is fully equipped with  a TV set, Internet WIFI, a dish-machine, an oven, hot plates, a microwave, a fridge, a washing-machine and all you need to cook. Price 130€ per night for 6 persons, with 40€ added for 7 persons. 	Situated in a quite residential area at 20 mns' walk from the Eiffel tower, the 4 rooms, 80m2's appartment, on 6th floor with elevator  is very comfortable for 7 persons (3 bedrooms). It is wide, lighted, calm and very well leaded by metro and buses. Situated in a quite residential area at 20 minutes' walk from the Eiffel tower, the 4 rooms 80m2's appartment is very comfortable for 7 persons, family with children or friends. It is in a 1910th building, Parisian style, calm, clear, with view on the roofs and on a wide opened treefiled courtyard. The flat is situated on the 6th floor with an elevator. 3 large bedrooms, between 12 and 17 m2 are calm and sunny, and have a view on the courtyard. 2 bedrooms have 3 single-beds each, and one has a double-bed (see pictures). There is a wide, calm and sunny  living room with an American kitchen with view on Parisian roofs and a wide courtyard with no direct opposite buildings.(see pictures) There is one bathroom with shower and toilet area. (see
12733	Wonderful and charming french modern studio in the heart of the 15th arrondissement, next to The Seine River and lots of malls, shops and restaurants. The Eiffel tower is 15 min walking from the apartment (or 5 min by bus).	Charming studio in the heart of Paris, 15 min walk from Eiffel Tower, and 10 min from one of the biggest parisian malls (Beaugrenelle). Clean, cosy and very well placed, this beautiful studio participates to a perfect parisian journey 
12734		Appartement situé à 3 minutes du métro Boucicaut, 4è étage, vue sur cour, possibilité de s'installer le matin sur une petite terrasse de 5m². Quartier calme, idéal pour passer un bon moment à Paris (On voit même le bout de la tour Eiffeil du balcon!)
12735	Its location is ideal, in a quiet area close to shops area ; bakery, butcher, grocery , bar ... It is 100m from a metro station L13 , 100m Tram T3, 20m from a bus station (direction Montmartre and the sacred Heart ) and 50m 2 Velib stations ( velo free service). You will therefore be less than 20 minutes from major attractions Parisiennes : The Louvre , Latin Quarter , Notre Dame, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees , Eiffel Tower, ... hard to beat if you want to make the most of Paris All the necessary comforts to spend a pleasant stay: TV and unlimited wifi, towels , sheets, duvets, pillows and covers, Fully equipped kitchen , oven , microwave , induction hob, fridge, washer-dryer , toaster. Washing machine, iron and ironing board , hair dryer , blender , rice cooker , soda stream , toaster , kettle ... but also games and books ( guides Paris ) You can sleep through 4, comfortable sofa bed king size. If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me. Very soon	Looking for a charming apartment in a quiet and conveniently located , look no further ! Our apartment was refurbished in February 2014 . Decorated with care it will seduce you with its brightness and comfort. Its location is ideal, in a quiet area close to shops area ; bakery, butcher, grocery , bar ... It is 100m from a metro station L13 , 100m Tram T3, 20m from a bus station (direction Montmartre and the sacred Heart ) and 50m 2 Velib stations ( velo free service). You will therefore be less than 20 minutes from major attractions Parisiennes : The Louvre , Latin Quarter , Notre Dame, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees , Eiffel Tower, ... hard to beat if you want to make the most of Paris All the necessary comforts to spend a pleasant stay: TV and unlimited wifi, towels , sheets, duvets, pillows and covers, Fully equipped kitchen , oven , microwave , induction hob, fridge, washer-dryer , toaster. Washing machine, iron and ironing board , hair dryer , blender , rice cooker , soda stream 
12736	The place is a private modern converted warehouse on the side of a court. It is spacious with 130m2 spread over three levels and double height spaces. The court is private to four of the neighbours as well as a small coffee machine repair workshop during the week. The entry door gives onto a landing space leading directly into the living room. A double height space with exposed wooden beams and modern white concrete walls. It is without a doubt the heart of the house! The living room is opened onto the dining room and is overlooked by two bedrooms and a mezzanine. At the far back of the dining room, by the concrete stair case, there is the ground floor bathroom with WC, wash hand basin and bath.  On the first floor, there is an en-suite double bed bedroom with private wash hand basin, shower and WC as well as a single bedroom with a study desk.  The master bedroom (double bed too) is on the second flood under the roof arches. A convertible sofa/bed and small table are positioned in one	The house is 10min walk to the Eiffel Tower... It is located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. A very central, lovely and wealthy neighbourhood with lots of shops and restaurants round the corner. 27 reviews by 27 amazing guests -  5 stars! The place is a private modern converted warehouse on the side of a court. It is spacious with 130m2 spread over three levels and double height spaces. The court is private to four of the neighbours as well as a small coffee machine repair workshop during the week. The entry door gives onto a landing space leading directly into the living room. A double height space with exposed wooden beams and modern white concrete walls. It is without a doubt the heart of the house! The living room is opened onto the dining room and is overlooked by two bedrooms and a mezzanine. At the far back of the dining room, by the concrete stair case, there is the ground floor bathroom with WC, wash hand basin and bath.  On the first floor, there is an en-suite double be
12737	My apartment is cosy and welcoming. The flat is 60m2, with an entry, a living room / dinning room with a balcony, a kitchen fully equipped, a bedroom and a bathroom.  The apartment is calm and bright, all the rooms are spacious and decorated. Supermarket, bakery, bars, restaurants are closed.  Apartment fully equipped : fridge, oven, micro wave, dishwasher, washing machine, hair dryer, iron, etc.  Free Wifi and TV. Sheets and towels are provided. The apartment is for 2 persons (1 bedroom) but an air mattress is available for 1 or 2 more persons.	Nice and cozy Parisian one-bedroom flat (60m²), located next to the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars. Very convenient, with quick access to metro station and all commodities. My apartment is cosy and welcoming. The flat is 60m2, with an entry, a living room / dinning room with a balcony, a kitchen fully equipped, a bedroom and a bathroom.  The apartment is calm and bright, all the rooms are spacious and decorated. Supermarket, bakery, bars, restaurants are closed.  Apartment fully equipped : fridge, oven, micro wave, dishwasher, washing machine, hair dryer, iron, etc.  Free Wifi and TV. Sheets and towels are provided. The apartment is for 2 persons (1 bedroom) but an air mattress is available for 1 or 2 more persons. La Motte Piquet Grenelle is the nearest metro station, 5 minutes walking, with 3 lines, L8, L10 and L6, which allow to go quickly everywhere in Paris.
12738	"Original loft-style two storey-flat: A little house in Paris!Very quiet place, overlooking a courtyard.  THE APARTMENT:  The apartment is very quiet, on the 2nd floor of a private courtyard of a 19th century building with concierge. The flat is secured by a steel security door, and fully furnished . Large living room with high ceiling (4m10) with a fire (website hidden), DVD available and free WiFi.  Open kitchen with all necessary devices: oven, microwave, washing machine, Nespresso..  Cosy shower stall, with separated toilets.  Very charming double bedroom under the roof on the 1st floor, with storage space.  Fresh Towels  Clean Bedding & linens  Nespresso coffee LOCATION:  The apartment is located in one of Paris’ most exclusive areas. Many interesting places are to be found in a walking distance: 1 min walk to Montparnasse station  5mins walk to ""Le Bon Marché"" 7mins walk to St Germain des Prés.  Several restaurants, and shops nearby.  TRANSPORTS:  Metro: falguière station (30m) , "	"Original loft-style two storey-flat: A little house in Paris!Very quiet place, overlooking a courtyard.  THE APARTMENT:  The apartment is very quiet, on the 2nd floor of a private courtyard of a 19th century building with concierge. The flat is secured by a steel security door, and fully furnished . Large living room with high ceiling (4m10) with a fire (website hidden), DVD available and free WiFi.  Open kitchen with all necessary devices: oven, microwave, washing machine, Nespresso..  Cosy shower stall, with separated toilets.  Very charming double bedroom under the roof on the 1st floor, with storage space.  Fresh Towels  Clean Bedding & linens  Nespresso coffee LOCATION:  The apartment is located in one of Paris’ most exclusive areas. Many interesting places are to be found in a walking distance: 1 min walk to Montparnasse station  5mins walk to ""Le Bon Marché"" 7mins walk to St Germain des Prés.  Several restaurants, and shops nearby.  TRANSPORTS:  Metro: falguière station (30m) , "
12739	The studio of 37 m2, on the 5th floor with 2 lifts, is full of light and you can enjoy Paris view in our 8 m2 terrace.  We clean the apartment thoroughly before every check-in and every guest is given a set of fresh bed clothes and towels.   	Charming Apartment is situated in the center of prestigious 15th district, in a distance of only 15 min walk from the main Paris attractions – Eiffel tower, Trocadero. The studio of 37 m2, on the 5th floor with 2 lifts, is full of light and you can enjoy Paris view in our 8 m2 terrace.  We clean the apartment thoroughly before every check-in and every guest is given a set of fresh bed clothes and towels.   Our apartment is fully furnished: double bed, double sofa bed, plasma TV with DVD player, Wi-Fi, big wardrobe, dresser, dining table, washing machine.  The kitchen is modern and fully equipped with all domestic appliances: fridge, gas stove, microwave and all necessary things to make your stay comfortable – hair dryer, iron, steamer, toaster, blender, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine etc. Our Charming Apartment is situated in the center of prestigious 15th district, in a distance of only 15 min walk from the main Paris attractions – Eiffel tower and Champs Elysees. The building of co
12740		Logement spacieux, éclairé et cosy. Commerces, métro et parc à proximité (moins de 5 min). Au coeur du 15ème. Il est parfaitement équipé: cuisine et salle de bain. Idéal pour les couples ou trois amis.
12741	beautiful 2 bedroom apt. in a modern building located in a quiet street close to the Champ de Mars Residential area with shops and restaurants nearby Large living room + dining room overlooking on a garden; 2 bedroom and 2 bathroom Large well equiped kitchen:washing machine, dishwasher, owen, microwave, toaster, cafe machine,etc... Phone, Television, Internet WIFI Modern apartment (renovated recently) very fontionel and comfortable. Central location in front of the Trocadero and next to the Eiffel Tower. RER C	beautiful 2 bedroom apt. in a modern building located in a quiet street close to the Champ de Mars Residential area with shops and restaurants nearby beautiful 2 bedroom apt. in a modern building located in a quiet street close to the Champ de Mars Residential area with shops and restaurants nearby Large living room + dining room overlooking on a garden; 2 bedroom and 2 bathroom Large well equiped kitchen:washing machine, dishwasher, owen, microwave, toaster, cafe machine,etc... Phone, Television, Internet WIFI Modern apartment (renovated recently) very fontionel and comfortable. Central location in front of the Trocadero and next to the Eiffel Tower. RER C Our agency PARISSIMO answer you 24 H a day Lively area with a market place on wenesday and sunday, nice shops and restaurants,  Champ de Mars garden and Eiffel Tower  Close to the touristic attractions ( MAM, Saint Germain, Invalides, Trocadero, Musee d' orsay, Musée Branly) Metro line 6, bus 82, RER C No children
12742	Appartement confortable, situé au 1ère étage d'un bel immeuble. Quartier sympathique et familial. Restaurants et commerces à proximité. Situé entre la ligne 8 et 12 du metro, vous trouverez un accès fácil à plusieurs points touristiques de Paris tout en restant dans un quartier traditionnel!  	Joli appartement à 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, Concorde, Tuleries et 20 min d'Opéra. Une place parfaite pour un séjour agréable sur Paris!  Capacité de 4 persones: 1 chambre (lit king) et Salon avec canapé lit (2 places) 
12743		Appartement calme et clair toutes commodités au pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de mars, près des Invalides. Bien desservi : L'Opéra, le Louvre, Saint Germain des prés, Champs Elysées...accessibles en 15 mn. Idéal pour séjour touristique réussi.
12744		Nous mettons à votre disposition, les parties communes de notre appartement dans le 15ème. Soit 45m2 cuisine tout équipée salon avec TV, wifi, terrasse (table avec 6 chaises et transat) salle à Manger 6ème étage avec ascenseur, sans vis-à-vis Vous aurez accès: au salon cuisine sdb terrasse durant votre séjour vous aurez un contact privilégiez si nécessaire à proximité de montparnasse proximité de commerces Mac donald divers restaurant a proximité de métro L12 Bus vous pourrez fumer sur la terrasse
12745		Un studio agréable dans un quartier animé et pas très bruyant le soir... il dispose d'un petit balcon et d'une bonne luminosité. Une cuisine équipée et une salle de bain spacieuse.  Le quartier:Plusieurs bars et terrasses. A 10 min du champs de Mars
12746	Enjoy a fully furnished and renewed apartment at the top floor (7th floor, no elevator) of a typical french building from 1900: - 1 Living room with flat screen TV, cable, internet and one single bed - 1 bedroom with 1 very confortable quenn sized double bed - 1 bathroom with rainforest shower - 1 kitchen with dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso machine, blender, oven, microwaves.... Every shop you need at 2 min walk maximum: Bakeries, Epiceries, Cafes, Restaurants ... 10 min walk to Parc des Expositions de Versailles 70 meters from the metro station: 8 minutes metro from the Eiffel tower (22 minutes walk), 10 minutes from Place de la Concorde, 12 min from Opéra, 13 min from Galeries Lafayettes, 25 from Gare du Nord. If you have any requestes feel free to contact me ! 	Enjoy a fully furnished and renewed apartment at the top floor (7th floor, no elevator) of a typical french building from 1900: - 1 Living room with flat screen TV, cable, internet and one single bed - 1 bedroom with 1 very confortable quenn sized double bed - 1 bathroom with rainforest shower - 1 kitchen with dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso machine, blender, oven, microwaves.... Every shop you need at 2 min walk maximum: Bakeries, Epiceries, Cafes, Restaurants ... 10 min walk to Parc des Expositions de Versailles 70 meters from the metro station: 8 minutes metro from the Eiffel tower (22 minutes walk), 10 minutes from Place de la Concorde, 12 min from Opéra, 13 min from Galeries Lafayettes, 25 from Gare du Nord. If you have any requestes feel free to contact me ! 
12747	Hey! I'm renting out my 14 sq. meter room in the 15th district of Paris. It's part of a 65 sq. meter apartment that I share with one roommate. The room is well-lit and furnished with a double bed, desk, and shelves for clothing and accessories. It overlooks a quiet courtyard. The apartment itself is two bedrooms, 62 sq. m, on the 2nd floor of a classic Parisian Haussman building, with a large living room, bathroom and well-equipped kitchen. Internet and TV are provided. The apartment is located in a lovely neighborhood, with lots of bakeries, restaurants, grocery and clothing stores within a 3 minute radius. The Eiffel tower (Champ de Mars) is just a 7 minute walk away. The nearest metros are Emile Zola (line 10) and Motte-Picquet Grenelle (lines 6, 8 and 10), allowing convenient access to most of Paris. There is also a velib station nearby if you prefer to explore the city under your own power ;) Looking forward to hearing from you!	My apartment is situated in a 19th century Haussmann building, in a neighborhood with lots of restaurants and shops nearby (as well as the Eiffel Tower!). It's a 4 minute walk to a major metro station, allowing easy access to most part of Paris. Hey! I'm renting out my 14 sq. meter room in the 15th district of Paris. It's part of a 65 sq. meter apartment that I share with one roommate. The room is well-lit and furnished with a double bed, desk, and shelves for clothing and accessories. It overlooks a quiet courtyard. The apartment itself is two bedrooms, 62 sq. m, on the 2nd floor of a classic Parisian Haussman building, with a large living room, bathroom and well-equipped kitchen. Internet and TV are provided. The apartment is located in a lovely neighborhood, with lots of bakeries, restaurants, grocery and clothing stores within a 3 minute radius. The Eiffel tower (Champ de Mars) is just a 7 minute walk away. The nearest metros are Emile Zola (line 10) and Motte-Picquet Grenelle (lin
12748	This is a 58 sqm apartment (approx. 624 sqft), located on the 5th French floor with elevator, rue Francois Bonvin in the 15th district of Paris near Montparnasse. The services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome 3 people. dining room Surface of about 30 sqm - 323 sqft. It has 2 windows facing Southeast and is equipped with a bookcase, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 8 chairs, a fireplace (decorative only), 2 armchairs, a table and a coffee table. the bedroom Surface of about 9 sqm - 97 sqft. It has a window and is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, a double bed 160 cm wide, a closet, an ensuite bathroom and a nightstand. the bathroom It consits of a shower, a sink, an hairdryer and separate toilets.	Pleasant apartment stylishly furnished and well enlightened, located in a quiet area.  However, you will find lot of clothes shops (such as those at Rue du Commerce), and several convenience stores around.  This is a 58 sqm apartment (approx. 624 sqft), located on the 5th French floor with elevator, rue Francois Bonvin in the 15th district of Paris near Montparnasse. The services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome 3 people. dining room Surface of about 30 sqm - 323 sqft. It has 2 windows facing Southeast and is equipped with a bookcase, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 8 chairs, a fireplace (decorative only), 2 armchairs, a table and a coffee table. the bedroom Surface of about 9 sqm - 97 sqft. It has a window and is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, a double bed 160 cm wide, a closet, an ensuite bathroom and a nightstand. the bathroom It consits of a shower, a sink, an hairdryer and separate toilets. It is served by the metro s
12749	This beautiful 50 m2 apartment is 500 meters away from the metro station Convention, on line 12. This line gives you a direct access to the commercial area Montparnasse, the world-famous Avenue des Champs-Elysées, the bohemian Saint-Germain-des-Prés quarter and Pigalle, to absorb the true Parisian nightlife. The street is rather calm, so you will be able to get your beauty sleep easily!	This beautiful 50 m2 apartment is 500 meters away from the metro station Convention, on line 12. This line gives you a direct access to the commercial area Montparnasse, the world-famous Avenue des Champs-Elysées, the bohemian Saint-Germain-des-Prés  This beautiful 50 m2 apartment is 500 meters away from the metro station Convention, on line 12. This line gives you a direct access to the commercial area Montparnasse, the world-famous Avenue des Champs-Elysées, the bohemian Saint-Germain-des-Prés quarter and Pigalle, to absorb the true Parisian nightlife. The street is rather calm, so you will be able to get your beauty sleep easily!
12750	Apartment of 70m ² , large living room with TV , stereo , large bay window , electric shutters, overlooking the garden terrace with table and chairs .. With a fully equipped kitchen (oven , microwave, dishwasher , induction hob, fridge, freezer , toaster, Nespresso machine oven ), dressing (ironing board, iron, vacuum cleaner ),new bathroom with bath and shower, new separate WC, small office, separate bedroom with TV and very comfortable double bed, overlooking the terrace. Wifi installed throughout the apartment . The apartment is tastefully decorated , bay windows and wooden floors . It is surrounded by a terrace equipped with a table , 2 chairs, 2 sunbeds in which to have lunch or dinner when the weather is nice . This apartment is located in a neighborhood with all the necessary shops ( pharmacy, supermarket, newspapers , bakery , restaurants , cafes etc.). The building is ventilated and equipped with a garden center where you can get fresh air and rest. 	Apartment of 70m ² , large living room with TV , stereo , large bay window , electric shutters, overlooking the garden terrace with table and chairs .. With a fully equipped kitchen (oven , microwave, dishwasher , induction hob, fridge, freezer , toaster, Nespresso machine oven ), dressing (ironing board, iron, vacuum cleaner ),new bathroom with bath and shower, new separate WC, small office, separate bedroom with TV and very comfortable double bed, overlooking the terrace. Wifi installed throughout the apartment . The apartment is tastefully decorated , bay windows and wooden floors . It is surrounded by a terrace equipped with a table , 2 chairs, 2 sunbeds in which to have lunch or dinner when the weather is nice . This apartment is located in a neighborhood with all the necessary shops ( pharmacy, supermarket, newspapers , bakery , restaurants , cafes etc.). The building is ventilated and equipped with a garden center where you can get fresh air and rest. My son William is fluent in
12751	Je loue 2 chambres donnant sur cours intérieure donc aucun bruit la nuit. L'appartement est idéalement situé rue de Rennes dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris à Montparnasse. 1er étage avec ascenseur. Les 2 chambres sont en enfilade, c'est à dire il faut traverser le chambre 1 pour allez dans la chambre 2.	Salut, Je loue 2 chambres en enfilade avec fenêtres sur cours intérieure très bien placé à Montparnasse. Libre du 24/04 au 26/0 Métro (ligne 13,4,6,12), bus et Gare Montparnasse. Commerce, cinéma, Parc du Luxembourg, restaurant et bar à proximité. Je loue 2 chambres donnant sur cours intérieure donc aucun bruit la nuit. L'appartement est idéalement situé rue de Rennes dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris à Montparnasse. 1er étage avec ascenseur. Les 2 chambres sont en enfilade, c'est à dire il faut traverser le chambre 1 pour allez dans la chambre 2. Vous aurez accès à 2 chambres ainsi que : - une cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche linge, etc...) - une salle de bain avec baignoire - entrée - toilettes L'appartement est un T4 composé de 4 chambres, il faut donc partagé l'appartement avec d'autre airbnb pour le week end :) Le quartier de Montparnasse est calme et surtout vous avez à proximité tout ce que vous voulez : - commerces : Monoprix
12752	Très proche du Parc André Citroën, possibilité de faire des picnic, jeux pour les enfants. A la sortie du parc sur le quai, guinguette avec food truck tous les jours. Proche du centre commerciale Beaugrenelle.	Appartement lumineux 57 m2 au 5 ème étage sans ascenseur  avec un accès direct à tous les transports en commun (métro 8, tram, bus, velib) situé juste à côté du parc André Citroen. Commerces et nombreux restaurants à proximité immédiate Très proche du Parc André Citroën, possibilité de faire des picnic, jeux pour les enfants. A la sortie du parc sur le quai, guinguette avec food truck tous les jours. Proche du centre commerciale Beaugrenelle.
12753	Moderne studio in the 4th floor with elevator. It has a beautiful view on the garden André Citroen*. It faces South (very bright) and has no vis à vis. The studio consist of: 1 entrance with storage  1 big room with a comfortable sofa bed 1 kitchen: fridge, storage, stove, dish washer, hot water bottle etc  1 bathroom with a tub  TV, internet Wifi, kitchen, washing machine. Very near, the Balard Street is an animated shopping street. You will find all kind of restaurants, bars, coffee, but also supermarket, bakeries..  Public transportation is very convenient: The Statue of Liberty 10 min. by walk, The Eiffel Tour 20 min. by walk Metro: Javel (ligne 10), Balard (ligne 8): direct ligne to The Place de la Concorde- The Centre of Paris(20 min.) RER C ( Eiffel Tour, Notre Dame, Chateau de Versaille- direct ligne) Bus *The Park Citroën is above all else, the central park of Paris, with 11 hectares of lawns for playing or reclining. Fountains, greenhouses, trees and plants, all along the Sei	Moderne studio in the 4th floor with elevator. It has a beautiful view on the garden André Citroen*. It faces South (very bright) and has no vis à vis. The studio consist of: 1 entrance with storage  1 big room with a comfortable sofa bed 1 kitchen: fridge, storage, stove, dish washer, hot water bottle etc  1 bathroom with a tub  TV, internet Wifi, kitchen, washing machine. Very near, the Balard Street is an animated shopping street. You will find all kind of restaurants, bars, coffee, but also supermarket, bakeries..  Public transportation is very convenient: The Statue of Liberty 10 min. by walk, The Eiffel Tour 20 min. by walk Metro: Javel (ligne 10), Balard (ligne 8): direct ligne to The Place de la Concorde- The Centre of Paris(20 min.) RER C ( Eiffel Tour, Notre Dame, Chateau de Versaille- direct ligne) Bus *The Park Citroën is above all else, the central park of Paris, with 11 hectares of lawns for playing or reclining. Fountains, greenhouses, trees and plants, all along the Sei
12754	Two bedrooms (couches for 2 in each), and a common bathroom   in our big appartment ( duplex) close to Eiffel tower ( 10 mns by feet) and close to metro stations (Commerce on line 8 and Emile Zola on line 10). Possible to rent only one bedroom (55€) or both (110€), depending on the number you are..if you are interested by renting both, book also room 1,  https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/946988 No breakfast included. Micro wave, coffee maker, Wifi, tv and washing machine included. All commerces available in the street nearby, restaurants and cafés..  French: Deux chambres ( canapés lits pour 2 dans chacune), salle d'eau commune aux deux chambres et entrée privative pour l'une dans un grand duplex près de la Tour Eiffel (10 mn à pied). Deux stations de métro: Commerce (line 8) et Emile Zola ( ligne 10). Possible de louer une seule chambre ou les deux ( double prix). Pour louer la chambre 1 aller sur https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/946988 Petit déjeuner non compris. Micro ondes, cafetière, bouillo	2 quiet rooms in a big flat. Wonderful and secure area near Eiffel Tower/ 2 chambres tranquilles dans un grand appartement. Quartier charmant et sûr près de la Tour Eiffel Two bedrooms (couches for 2 in each), and a common bathroom   in our big appartment ( duplex) close to Eiffel tower ( 10 mns by feet) and close to metro stations (Commerce on line 8 and Emile Zola on line 10). Possible to rent only one bedroom (55€) or both (110€), depending on the number you are..if you are interested by renting both, book also room 1,  https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/946988 No breakfast included. Micro wave, coffee maker, Wifi, tv and washing machine included. All commerces available in the street nearby, restaurants and cafés..  French: Deux chambres ( canapés lits pour 2 dans chacune), salle d'eau commune aux deux chambres et entrée privative pour l'une dans un grand duplex près de la Tour Eiffel (10 mn à pied). Deux stations de métro: Commerce (line 8) et Emile Zola ( ligne 10). Possible de louer un
12755	+ Capacity 4 people maximum --- a real bed 2 places --- a sofa bed 140 cm --- 2 coffee tables --- WIFI access --- dressing + Shower / WC --- Bath towels --- Hair dryer --- Shampoo / shower gel --- Toilet paper + Kitchenette --- Espresso machine --- Toaster --- Cooktop --- Kettle --- Micro waves --- Refrigerator	Comfortable studio located in a residential tower, overlooking on the Seine River, 5 minutes from the Beaugrenelle shopping mall and 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower by walk. Shopping mall, supermarket and transport nearby.  METRO BIR HAKEIM + Capacity 4 people maximum --- a real bed 2 places --- a sofa bed 140 cm --- 2 coffee tables --- WIFI access --- dressing + Shower / WC --- Bath towels --- Hair dryer --- Shampoo / shower gel --- Toilet paper + Kitchenette --- Espresso machine --- Toaster --- Cooktop --- Kettle --- Micro waves --- Refrigerator Free WIFI access. Access to the gardens of the residence. If you have any questions during your stay or need some help, we will not be very far to answer your questions. Quiet area, near the Seine. For more entertainment, you can enjoy the Pathé cinema and the Beaugrenelle commercial center for shopping. Also, you can take a stroll around the Eiffel Tower, it is a 10-minute walk. RER C Champs de Mars - Eiffel Tower 6 Metro Bir Hakeim BUS 70/
12756	"Brand New One Bedroom Near Eiffel Tower Located off a lovely square surrounded by merchants galore, sits this beautiful & bright one bedroom apartment in a classic 19th Century Parisian building. Walk through the open courtyard & up 1 flight of stairs to your home away from home... in Paris. Conveniently located, you'll be walking distance from the Eiffel Tower & 1 block away from Metro ""Vaugirard."" Kick back at the cafe downstairs after a long day of sight-seeing. Or cross the street to sample cheese from the world-class fromagerie Androuet. The wine shop is right next door not to mention bakery, butcher, fish & fruits. Perfect for a cozy night at home with the taste of Paris right out your front door. Purchased in 2010, the place has undergone a head to toe renovation. Architecturally re-designed, the apartment features a fully-equipped open kitchen, as well as new bathroom & bedroom with tons of storage space."	"Brand New One Bedroom Near Eiffel Tower Located off a lovely square surrounded by merchants galore, sits this beautiful & bright one bedroom apartment in a classic 19th Century Parisian building. Walk through the open courtyard & up 1 flight of stairs to your home away from home... in Paris. Conveniently located, you'll be walking distance from the Eiffel Tower & 1 block away from Metro ""Vaugirard."" Kick back at the cafe downstairs after a long day of sight-seeing. Or cross the street to sample cheese from the world-class fromagerie Androuet. The wine shop is right next door not to mention bakery, butcher, fish & fruits. Perfect for a cozy night at home with the taste of Paris right out your front door. Purchased in 2010, the place has undergone a head to toe renovation. Architecturally re-designed, the apartment features a fully-equipped open kitchen, as well as new bathroom & bedroom with tons of storage space."
12757	Balcon équipé d'une table et 2 sièges donnant sur une impasse très calme sans passage et vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel	Balcon avec Magnifique vue sur la Tour Eiffel , une chambre avec un canapé lit en état (largeur 1m60). Cuisine indépendante équipée, salle de bain refaite à neuf. À proximité du métro convention et du tram . Petit appartement de 28m2 mais correctement agencé Balcon équipé d'une table et 2 sièges donnant sur une impasse très calme sans passage et vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel Salle de bain - cuisine équipée - draps- internet Non Commerces et restaurants Metro convention Au 5ème étage sans ascenseur
12758	Apartement with awesome view over the beautiful city of Paris Located in the chic 15th district of Paris, 200 metres from Javel – André Citroën Metro Station, Paris Apartment One offers a self-catering apartment set in a modern building with a lift. It features free Wi-Fi access and views of Paris and the River Seine.   The apartment has a living room with a dining area and a lounge area with a flat-screen TV. The kitchen is equipped, including a dishwasher, oven, microwave and coffee machine. There is 1 bedroom and a bathroom with a bathtub.   You will find a choice of shops, restaurants and cafés 500 within 500 metres of the property. The André-Citroën Park is a 10-minute walk away, and the Eiffel Tower is at a 20-minute walk 1 Bedroom with 1 Double bed, 1 Sofabed for 2 people 1 Living room  1 full equipped Kitchen  Bathroom & WC Our 55 m² Apartment is located in the middle of Paris next to Underground and RER. Close to our flat, you will find ample shopping possibilities and quick a	Apartement with awesome view over the beautiful city of Paris Located in the chic 15th district of Paris, 200 metres from Javel – André Citroën Metro Station, Paris Apartment One offers a self-catering apartment set in a modern building with a lift. It features free Wi-Fi access and views of Paris and the River Seine.   The apartment has a living room with a dining area and a lounge area with a flat-screen TV. The kitchen is equipped, including a dishwasher, oven, microwave and coffee machine. There is 1 bedroom and a bathroom with a bathtub.   You will find a choice of shops, restaurants and cafés 500 within 500 metres of the property. The André-Citroën Park is a 10-minute walk away, and the Eiffel Tower is at a 20-minute walk 1 Bedroom with 1 Double bed, 1 Sofabed for 2 people 1 Living room  1 full equipped Kitchen  Bathroom & WC Our 55 m² Apartment is located in the middle of Paris next to Underground and RER. Close to our flat, you will find ample shopping possibilities and quick a
12759	L'appartement est au 6ème avec ascenseur dans une résidence (website hidden) est très propore et offre toutes les commodités pour votre confort 	À 5 minutes à pied du parc des expositions, à 20mn de la tour eiffel et le champs de mars. l'appartement est idéalement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris proche  tous commerces il est très bien desservi par: métro tram et bus. L'appartement est au 6ème avec ascenseur dans une résidence (website hidden) est très propore et offre toutes les commodités pour votre confort
12760	"Hello, I live in a 37m ² flat with a 7m ² terrace and a 2m ² balcony, a spacious living room with a fully equipped open kitchen, separate bedroom and bathroom with shower. My apartment is very luminous (french window in the living room and  in the bedroom). The 7th floor (with elevator) will give you a wonderfull view of Paris and the balcony let you see the Eiffel Tower. The subway stop ""Pasteur"", is 5 minutes walk far from the apartment with line 6 and 12 and 5 minutes walk from Montparnasse and his fabulous tower. You can get to the sunday market in 5 minutes and take a walk to the ""Invalides"" along the ""Breteuil avenue"". Also next to ""Saint Germains-des-prés"", an easy and smart way to have a drink all along the night.  Sheets and towels included. Wifi (website hidden) 1 bed for two poeple (160 * 200) in the bedroom. 1 sofa bed for 2 people (140 * 200) in the living"	"Hello, I live in a 37m ² flat with a 7m ² terrace and a 2m ² balcony, a spacious living room with a fully equipped open kitchen, separate bedroom and bathroom with shower. My apartment is very luminous (french window in the living room and  in the bedroom). The 7th floor (with elevator) will give you a wonderfull view of Paris and the balcony let you see the Eiffel Tower. The subway stop ""Pasteur"", is 5 minutes walk far from the apartment with line 6 and 12 and 5 minutes walk from Montparnasse and his fabulous tower. You can get to the sunday market in 5 minutes and take a walk to the ""Invalides"" along the ""Breteuil avenue"". Also next to ""Saint Germains-des-prés"", an easy and smart way to have a drink all along the night.  Sheets and towels included. Wifi (website hidden) 1 bed for two poeple (160 * 200) in the bedroom. 1 sofa bed for 2 people (140 * 200) in the living"
12761	"C'est un 2P au calme sur Cour, cuisine équipé four et micro-onde exposition Ouest toujours ensoleillé. Quartier très prisé des familles et touristes car il y a des commerces aux alentours et de nombreux bars et brasseries de ""titis parisiens"". Le Parc André Citroen est un havre de paix et de verdure en plein centre de Paris. La proximité de la Tour Eiffel et du Trocadéro  25 minutes à Pied. Idéal pour son accès à pied au Parc des expositions de la Porte de vrersailles."	"2P sur cour calme et lumineux 2eme étage avec ascenceur. Rue commercante et c.commercial Baugrenelles. Tour Eiffel et accès la seine 25 min.à pied. Paris Expo Portes de versailles 15 min.à pied. Metro L10 & L8 (Javel & Balard), Tramway T3, RER C C'est un 2P au calme sur Cour, cuisine équipé four et micro-onde exposition Ouest toujours ensoleillé. Quartier très prisé des familles et touristes car il y a des commerces aux alentours et de nombreux bars et brasseries de ""titis parisiens"". Le Parc André Citroen est un havre de paix et de verdure en plein centre de Paris. La proximité de la Tour Eiffel et du Trocadéro  25 minutes à Pied. Idéal pour son accès à pied au Parc des expositions de la Porte de vrersailles. Appartement équipé de digicode permettant d'accéder à l'ensemble d'immeubles du 82-84 rue Balard qui partagent une cour intérieur. Ascenceur et escalier disponible pour accéder à l'appartement au 2eme étage. Station Vélib à la sortie de l'immeuble. Je ne manquerais pas de vous re"
12762	The incredibly beautiful view will have you spellbound.	Expect the thrill of a sunrise behind the golden dôme of the Invalides, watch the sensational Paris skyline in good or bad weather and at night when the apartment remains dimly lit thanks to the thousand lights of a city that never sleeps. Step out of the building, cross the street and walk or run on the Champs de Mars to the Eiffel Tower and maybe have breakfast at one of the numerous cafes On another note take the elevator down and shop at the big supermarket which is situated in the same block or at the twice weekly farmers market around the corner. We don't need to talk about restaurants, there're guides for that, but we can let you know a few of the secret ones we adore. From the bus terminal on the Champs de Mars you have the (phone number hidden) going absolutely everywhere in Paris, but if you must be on time somewhere metro lines 10, 8, and 6 (4 minutes walk) will deliver you punctually at your destinations. The reason why our apartment is unique is the location, location and 
12763		Ancien marinier amėnagė en studio. Sur une pėniche de 38m a deux pas du parc Andrė Citroën dans le 15ėme. 20m2 sur deux niveaux. Petite terrasse privative. Possibilitė de se garer sur le Quai. Guinguette Parisienne à quelques minutes a pieds. Idėal pour un sėjour dėpaysant sur la Seine ! Metro 8 (Balard) et 9 (Exelmans) a 10min a pieds. RER C Bv victor et TRAM pont du Garigliano à quelques minutes. Un Manuel de survie est prėvu (restaurants, marchė, expos, musées, shopping etc)
12764	Appartement de 75m2, refait entièrement à neuf et décoré par des professionnels. Il offre tout le confort moderne et des équipements haut de gamme. Tres lumineux, il a été aménagé pour donner une sensation de volume et d'espace. Peut acceuillir jusqu'à 4 personnes il y a deux chambres, une avec un grand lit 160/200 et l'autre avec un canapé lit deux places. une salle de bains avec baignoire, des W.C séparés et une cuisine ouverte et équipée haut de gamme. Situé au 9éme etage sur jardin, il beneficie d'une vue sans vis a vis et d'un calme rare dans la capital. la chambre a coucher principale offre une vue sur la tour Eiffel.	Beau trois pièces moderne, refait a neuf, spacieux et lumineux, parking securisé, gardien, interphone, balcons.  2 chambres dont une avec vue sur la tour Eiffel. Proche du parc des expositions, nombreux bus et métro a proximité. Appartement de 75m2, refait entièrement à neuf et décoré par des professionnels. Il offre tout le confort moderne et des équipements haut de gamme. Tres lumineux, il a été aménagé pour donner une sensation de volume et d'espace. Peut acceuillir jusqu'à 4 personnes il y a deux chambres, une avec un grand lit 160/200 et l'autre avec un canapé lit deux places. une salle de bains avec baignoire, des W.C séparés et une cuisine ouverte et équipée haut de gamme. Situé au 9éme etage sur jardin, il beneficie d'une vue sans vis a vis et d'un calme rare dans la capital. la chambre a coucher principale offre une vue sur la tour Eiffel. les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité de l'appartement, il sera entièrement à leur disposition. La propriétaire vous accueillera dans l'imm
12765		Nice and large room (22m2) in a bright and modern flat (60m2). You will be able to access the dining and living rooms, kitchen, bathroom in a cosy and typical Parisian flat located in a quiet neighborhood.
12766		Appartement Haussmannien de 3 chambres 95m². Quartier Dupleix dans le 15ème arrondissement, 2min de la Tour Eiffel. Calme et proche métro (6, 8 et 10) pour rayonner facilement dans Paris. Tout confort : salle de bain, cuisine et grand salon. 
12767	Roommate - My flat is one two rooms but for reasons of logistics, I give only the main room (in photo).	Quiet and sunny flat. Separate kitchen. Bathroom with Bathtub. Balcony. Just a step from the station Montparnasse. Served well: subway (lines 4, 6, 12 and 13) and bus Roommate - My flat is one two rooms but for reasons of logistics, I give only the main room (in photo). The kitchen, the bathroom and the toilet are separated. All the equipments are usable by the travelers. For information, the first sleeping around is a sofa and the second sleeping around is an inflatable mattress. As possible, I would see to it to be present for the arrival and the departure of the travelers. It is also possible that I am present during the stay (my bedroomnot being accessible to the travelers).
12768	Our flat is convenient and comfortable for 2 to 4 people. The balcony provides a nice experience during your stay during the summer in Paris.	Our apartement is composed of a main room with open kitchen, a bedroom with a double bed, a convenient bathroom and a big balcony. 5 min from 2 metro lines, 10 min from the Eiffel Tower, 15 min from Porte de Versailles. In the heart of Paris! Our flat is convenient and comfortable for 2 to 4 people. The balcony provides a nice experience during your stay during the summer in Paris. We will provide all the information needed by email during your stay in Paris. Our flat is in the heart of the 15th. The street is quiet, but you will find a lot of restaurants and shops close by. Numerous historic places to visit around (Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Beau Marché, Saint Germain) and easily accessible by foot, metro, buses or public bikes. Our place is connected by metro with airports and train stations. Easy parking in the street. 1 double bed + 1 convertible bed in the main room Kitchen fully equiped
12769	Equipé de frigo, four micros ondes, 4 plaques de cuisson, lave linge et lave vaisselle, télévision, internet, chaîne stéréo, chambre avec lit double plus canapé lit deux place dans le salon. Salle de bain avec grande douche. Immeuble moderne (1990) doté d'ascenseur.	Appartement 2 pièces plus cuisine americaine de 48m carrés (3eme étage sur rue) situé à rue de Vaugirard dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris, proche tous commerces, a 4 stations de métro de Montparnasse et a 10/15m en bus de la Tour Eiffel. Equipé de frigo, four micros ondes, 4 plaques de cuisson, lave linge et lave vaisselle, télévision, internet, chaîne stéréo, chambre avec lit double plus canapé lit deux place dans le salon. Salle de bain avec grande douche. Immeuble moderne (1990) doté d'ascenseur. Les voyageurs ont droit à l'appartement entier. Ils peuvent jouir des facilité de l'appartement sauf indication contraire signalée sur place. Je serai présent pour la remise des clés et l'état des lieux à la fin du séjour. Joignable par tél si problème. Quartier residentiel, animé la journée, calme le soir, beaucoup de commerces, et transports à deux pas. Implantation récente  de plusieurs restaurants branchés. Parc des Expositions de la porte de Versailles à une station de métro. Par 
12770	Lovely parisian studio in 3rd floor with lift, decorated with good taste, very clean. The wooden floor, the design furniture, the comfortable real double bed, the fully equipped kitchen and the very nice bathroom participate to the relaxing and cosy atmosphere of pretty unique apartment.  	Avec Airbnb, vous pouvez trouver des hébergements uniques chez des particuliers, aussi bien des appartements et des maisons que des cabanes dans des arbres ou des igloos. Les informations du logement ci-dessous détaillent ce que vous allez y trouver. Lovely parisian studio in 3rd floor with lift, decorated with good taste, very clean. The wooden floor, the design furniture, the comfortable real double bed, the fully equipped kitchen and the very nice bathroom participate to the relaxing and cosy atmosphere of pretty unique (website hidden) WIFI Nespresso coffee  Tea Kettle Hair Dryer  Bath towels It would be my pleasure to help ensure that your stay in Paris is perfect.  Great area very quiet with a lot of accommodations (bakery, typical restaurants, bars, grocery store, cinema, garden for summer picnic). Next to Montparnasse tower, Montparnasse Station, Eiffel Tower, Rue de Rennes for shopping, Les Invalides and Avenue de Breteuil,  this apartment has a very good location.  Idealy loc
12771	Idéalement situé à 2 mn du métro sur le ligne 6 qui dessert l'Arc de Triomphe (8mn), le Trocadéro (4mn), la Tour Eiffel (1mn), la tour Montparnasse (6mn) et qui assurent une correspondant avec les RER A, RER B et RER C. Logement tout équipé et extrêmement lumineux puisse la baie vitrée qui donne sur le balcon de 8m2 fait toute la longueur du mur. Located 2 mn away from the subway line 6 which stops to the Arc de Triomphe (8mn),  Trocadéro (4mn), Eiffel Tower (1mn),  Montparnasse Tower (6mn) and makes connection to RER A, RER B et RER C.	"Grand appartement de 30m2, à 2mn du métro Dupleix et à 15mn à pied de la tour Eiffel.  Appartement avec cuisine séparée, tout équipé : plaques de cuisson, micro-onde, four, cafetière, bouilloire, machine à laver. Pas de chat dans l'appartement No cat in the apartment Idéalement situé à 2 mn du métro sur le ligne 6 qui dessert l'Arc de Triomphe (8mn), le Trocadéro (4mn), la Tour Eiffel (1mn), la tour Montparnasse (6mn) et qui assurent une correspondant avec les RER A, RER B et RER C. Logement tout équipé et extrêmement lumineux puisse la baie vitrée qui donne sur le balcon de 8m2 fait toute la longueur du mur. Located 2 mn away from the subway line 6 which stops to the Arc de Triomphe (8mn),  Trocadéro (4mn), Eiffel Tower (1mn),  Montparnasse Tower (6mn) and makes connection to RER A, RER B et RER C. Tout Everything Les nombreux commerces et restaurants  The numerous shops and restaurants Métro ligne 6 arrêt ""Dupleix"" Subway line 6 ""Dupleix"" stop"
12772	This bright apartment is located on the 6th floor. The view is clear . The building is quiet, well maintained and secured. The apartment has been renovated this year. The apartment consists of: - A 30m² living room with a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator , microwave , oven , dishwasher , washing machine, induction cooker, toaster, kettle , rice cooker , juicer , waffle iron ) and a living room with a sofa bed leather , a large dining table, a stereo and TV including Canal + / Canalsat - A bedroom with a double bed - A bedroom with a desk, 2 single beds and furniture for a baby (changing table , crib, baby bathtub, bottle warmer ) - A bathroom with bathtub - Separate toilet  Main rooms have a small balcony. Wi- Fi is available.	Pleasant 60m² apartment renovated, fully equipped and located in a typically Parisian area served by 4 underground lines (8, 10, 12 and 6) , RER C and many buses. It an welcome up to 6 people and is equipped for a baby. This bright apartment is located on the 6th floor. The view is clear . The building is quiet, well maintained and secured. The apartment has been renovated this year. The apartment consists of: - A 30m² living room with a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator , microwave , oven , dishwasher , washing machine, induction cooker, toaster, kettle , rice cooker , juicer , waffle iron ) and a living room with a sofa bed leather , a large dining table, a stereo and TV including Canal + / Canalsat - A bedroom with a double bed - A bedroom with a desk, 2 single beds and furniture for a baby (changing table , crib, baby bathtub, bottle warmer ) - A bathroom with bathtub - Separate toilet  Main rooms have a small balcony. Wi- Fi is available. Travelers will have access to the all a
12773	Jolie chambre d une superficie de 18 m2 au sein d un appartement de 60 m2 située dans un immeuble Haussmannien dans un quartier calme à proximité de tous commerces et bien desservi par les transports et métro à 15 mn a pied de la Tour Eiffel . 	"Jolie chambre d une superficie de 18 m2 au sein d un appartement de 60 m2 située dans un immeuble Haussmannien dans un quartier calme à proximité de tous commerces et bien desservi par les transports et métro à 15 mn a pied de la Tour Eiffel .  Les voyageurs ont accès à la salle d'eau se trouvant dans la 2eme chambre , cabinet de toilette et cuisine avec ma permission Nos échanges se feront en Français ou en Anglais Les commerces de bouche, et une très grande variété de boutiques  proximité immédiate  Les cinémas a 10 minutes a pieds a Beaugrenelle  Une excellente desserte vers les quartiers essentiels de paris, notamment en bus, qui permet de tant apprécier la capitale !  Nous sommes a 15 minutes a pied de la Tour Eiffel.  L'église et ses cloches, donnent un ""air de village"" ! Transports  Métro ligne 8 station Felix Faure ou ligne 10 station Émile Zola  Bus ligne 70 direct pour Chatelet ou bus ligne 88 direct pour Gare Montparnasse. Le Bon Marché, la Grande Épicerie de Paris : 15mn di"
12774	"In a 19th century building beautiful and tastefully 36 square meters alcove studio located on avenue du Maine in the 15th ar.  The studio is located in the 6th floor with an elevator. There is a Washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. It sleeps 2 people. Bed linens, blankets, pillow, towels are included in the price. Fully equipped kitchen with all kitchen ustensils. All around there are pleasurable little squares and pedestrian streets with all commercial activities and nice open air markets. Near Montparnasse Tower,Luxembourg garden, St-Germain-des-Prés, all theaters and transports. Possible for one week, two weeks, one or two months. The nearest  metro station is ""Montparnasse-Bienvenue"", line 4 wich is just in front of the building!! Vélib Station in front of the apartment. Very bright apartment. south-ouest exposition. It's a Very quiet place thanks to it double glazing .  The nearest Bakery is only 5 minutes walk. All shops and restaurants around the corner. If you have"	"In a 19th century building beautiful and tastefully 36 square meters alcove studio located on avenue du Maine in the 15th ar.  The studio is located in the 6th floor with an elevator. There is a Washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. It sleeps 2 people. Bed linens, blankets, pillow, towels are included in the price. Fully equipped kitchen with all kitchen ustensils. All around there are pleasurable little squares and pedestrian streets with all commercial activities and nice open air markets. Near Montparnasse Tower,Luxembourg garden, St-Germain-des-Prés, all theaters and transports. Possible for one week, two weeks, one or two months. The nearest  metro station is ""Montparnasse-Bienvenue"", line 4 wich is just in front of the building!! Vélib Station in front of the apartment. Very bright apartment. south-ouest exposition. It's a Very quiet place thanks to it double glazing .  The nearest Bakery is only 5 minutes walk. All shops and restaurants around the corner. If you have"
12775	                LUXURY APARTMENT LUXURY Accommodates: 12  Bedrooms: 6  Bathrooms: 6  Beds: 6  The apartment has been decorated respecting XIXth century urban architecture: high ceilings and wonderful  has cement-based coverings on floors.  The apartment is 2690 square feet divided in sleeping quarters, living and dining room and kitchen.  The rooms are 4 , each with their bathroom, and two queen size rooms with external bathroom. In all, six independent rooms equipped with queen size beds (premium viscoelastic mattresses, 100% cotton bedding, geese feather comforters and 4 pillows foreach bed: two made out of viscoelastic and two of geese feather).  Living room and bedrooms equipped with state of the art satellite TV.  The apartment is equipped with air conditioning and optic fiber, high speed, wireless internet connection.  Every detail is cared for: Nespresso coffee maker, Hi-Fi system with iPhone dock, microwave, dishwasher, hair dryer, washing machine, dryer, safe box, etc.   	       LUXURY APARTMENT LUXURY..                 LUXURY APARTMENT LUXURY Accommodates: 12  Bedrooms: 6  Bathrooms: 6  Beds: 6  The apartment has been decorated respecting XIXth century urban architecture: high ceilings and wonderful  has cement-based coverings on floors.  The apartment is 2690 square feet divided in sleeping quarters, living and dining room and kitchen.  The rooms are 4 , each with their bathroom, and two queen size rooms with external bathroom. In all, six independent rooms equipped with queen size beds (premium viscoelastic mattresses, 100% cotton bedding, geese feather comforters and 4 pillows foreach bed: two made out of viscoelastic and two of geese feather).  Living room and bedrooms equipped with state of the art satellite TV.  The apartment is equipped with air conditioning and optic fiber, high speed, wireless internet connection.  Every detail is cared for: Nespresso coffee maker, Hi-Fi system with iPhone dock, microwave, dishwasher, hair dryer, washing machi
12776	Luminous (3rd floor with 2 windows living room side south west orientation) and spacious typical Parisian cosy Haussmanian Flat with parquet floors, fully equiped and with all shopping facilities at hand.	5 minutes from Convention subway station (15 min from Louvres)  fully equiped luminous and spacious flat. 1 double bed in a separate room (coach with a real confortable matress). Bathroom with bathtub and separate kitchen to share with the host. Luminous (3rd floor with 2 windows living room side south west orientation) and spacious typical Parisian cosy Haussmanian Flat with parquet floors, fully equiped and with all shopping facilities at hand. Access to washing machine, dish washer, microwave oven, gaz stove and oven,  fridge and frozer, bathtub, hair dryer, iron, vacuum cleaner, tableware for 6, free wifi. Free bath towels and bedsheets. Access to the flat possible starting from 5.30 PM. You can also get the keys between 12.30AM and 2PM. Will be available by mail or phone anytime. Open Market on the street 3 times/week. 25 minutes wak to Champ de Mars/ Eiffel Tower.15 minutes from Saint Germain des Prés and Luxembourg with bus 39.20 minutes from Concorde, Tuileries gardens and Louv
12777	Charmant studio de 20m2 situé au calme, à côté du parc Georges Brassens entre la porte de Versailles et le quartier Convention dans le 15ème arrondissement. Le studio se situe au 4ème étage d’une résidence sécurisée avec gardiens et ascenseur. Il dispose de tout le confort nécessaire (canapé convertible deux places, télé, wifi, machine à laver, micro- ondes et four, salle de bain avec douche et toilette).  L’appartement se situe à 10 minutes à pieds de la ligne 12 (arrêt Convention) qui mène en 10 min à la gare Montparnasse.  Il est également situé à 15min à pied de la porte de Versailles  et à 20 min de la rue du commerce.  Il est aussi situé à quelques minutes  du pont  Mirabeau ou de la tour Eiffel en bus. Le quartier est un quartier animé disposant de toutes les commodités (bar, restaurant, boulangerie, grandes surfaces, magasin de prêt à porter….) 	Charmant studio de 20m2 situé au calme, à côté du parc Georges Brassens entre la porte de Versailles et le quartier Convention dans le 15ème arrondissement. Le studio se situe au 4ème étage d’une résidence sécurisée avec gardiens et ascenseur. Il dispose de tout le confort nécessaire (canapé convertible deux places, télé, wifi, machine à laver, micro- ondes et four, salle de bain avec douche et toilette).  L’appartement se situe à 10 minutes à pieds de la ligne 12 (arrêt Convention) qui mène en 10 min à la gare Montparnasse.  Il est également situé à 15min à pied de la porte de Versailles  et à 20 min de la rue du commerce.  Il est aussi situé à quelques minutes  du pont  Mirabeau ou de la tour Eiffel en bus. Le quartier est un quartier animé disposant de toutes les commodités (bar, restaurant, boulangerie, grandes surfaces, magasin de prêt à porter….) 
12778	Cheap flat, nice location	Only 4 minutes from Vaugirard station. 1 bedroom flat with a double bed / Sofa double bed = 4 pers. Kitchen and appartment fully equiped. There is no internet in the flat. Cheap flat, nice location Subway line 12 or 8, buses
12779	Very nice and cosy flat with a double bed in the bedroom and a convertible couch in the living room Located in the charming area of la Rue du Commerce (lovely and family friendly neighborhood with shops, boutiques and nice restaurants) walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, the apartment also features all that you will need (high speed wifi, television, oven, microwave, coffee maker...) for the most pleasant stay The apartment has been fully renovated and refurbished in 2012. The apartment is close to 2 metro station lines (M8 Commerce and M10 Charles Michels) LOCATION :  Two steps away from the river Seine.  10 minutes away from the Eiffel tower.  15 minutes away from LATIN QUARTER / NOTRE-DAME.  15 minutes away from CHAMPS-ELYSEES / CONCORDE / OPERA.  20 minutes away from CHATEAU DE VERSAILLES (thanks to a super convenient metro station).  15 minutes away from PORTE DE VERSAILLES. Of course, I'll show you everything you need to have a perfect stay in Paris Feel free to ask any sort 	Come and relax in this cosy and fully-equipped flat, ideally located in a charming neighborhood with plenty of shops, walking distance from the Eiffel Tower Very nice and cosy flat with a double bed in the bedroom and a convertible couch in the living room Located in the charming area of la Rue du Commerce (lovely and family friendly neighborhood with shops, boutiques and nice restaurants) walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, the apartment also features all that you will need (high speed wifi, television, oven, microwave, coffee maker...) for the most pleasant stay The apartment has been fully renovated and refurbished in 2012. The apartment is close to 2 metro station lines (M8 Commerce and M10 Charles Michels) LOCATION :  Two steps away from the river Seine.  10 minutes away from the Eiffel tower.  15 minutes away from LATIN QUARTER / NOTRE-DAME.  15 minutes away from CHAMPS-ELYSEES / CONCORDE / OPERA.  20 minutes away from CHATEAU DE VERSAILLES (thanks to a super convenient metro
12780	The house, built in 2011, is really comfortable and quiet, since it opens on a small pedestrian street. It has 5 levels (including the basement), with a private elevator and stairs to move from one to another. There is a “Guide of Paris” especially written for you, waiting to be used. 	Quiet and comfortable, this new family house in the center of Paris is perfectly located. Its large and sunny terrace with a view on Paris, its modern kitchen and extensive dining room  with a balcony will offer you a wonderful Parisian experience The house, built in 2011, is really comfortable and quiet, since it opens on a small pedestrian street. It has 5 levels (including the basement), with a private elevator and stairs to move from one to another. There is a “Guide of Paris” especially written for you, waiting to be used. The house is totally open except the cellar !  If any question arises, I will be available to help you. .  A 20 minutes walk will take you to the Eiffel Tower. · The house is 2 minutes away from the new mall of Paris, Beaugrenelle, where you will find among all, the largest Mark and Spencer store in Paris. · Not to mention the many little shops and grocery stores in the area. · The house is less than 100 meters from the subway (line 10), and 5 minutes away from 
12781	Découvrez cet appartement F2 de 51 m2, à proximité immédiate de Montparnasse, et vivez comme un parisien le temps de votre séjour. Entrez dans une belle pièce à vivre lumineuse, avec son coin repas et une cuisine à l'américaine toute équipée pour des moments conviviaux. L'espace salon confortablement agencé avec un canapé convertible en lit pour 2 personnes s'ouvre sur une terrasse où il vous pourrez prendre vos repas et vous reposer en admirant la vue sur la Tour Eiffel. La chambre double est dotée de nombreux rangements et une salle de bain ainsi que des WC séparés viennent compléter cette perle rare. Somme toute, un appartement de standing qui a su conserver son authenticité tout en étant moderne et confortable.	Appartement aux prestations haut de gamme de 2 pièces avec terrasse, à proximité immédiate de Montparnasse. Découvrez cet appartement F2 de 51 m2, à proximité immédiate de Montparnasse, et vivez comme un parisien le temps de votre séjour. Entrez dans une belle pièce à vivre lumineuse, avec son coin repas et une cuisine à l'américaine toute équipée pour des moments conviviaux. L'espace salon confortablement agencé avec un canapé convertible en lit pour 2 personnes s'ouvre sur une terrasse où il vous pourrez prendre vos repas et vous reposer en admirant la vue sur la Tour Eiffel. La chambre double est dotée de nombreux rangements et une salle de bain ainsi que des WC séparés viennent compléter cette perle rare. Somme toute, un appartement de standing qui a su conserver son authenticité tout en étant moderne et confortable. Le 15ème arrondissement est un quartier à l'esprit de village, familial et chaleureux, près de la Tour Montparnasse, l'un des grands centres d'affaires de Paris. Bénéf
12782	The main 3-storey house was built in 1860. It is a charming old house entirely refurbished and decorated. Sleeps 11 guests and is composed of: -The Belle Epoque master bedroom with a double bed (140) as well as a futon bed (160). Sleeps 4 - Theh orientalist room: one large room with one double bed (140) and one single bed (90). Sleeps 3 -The Byzantine room:  one double bed (140). Sleeps 2. -The Edward Hopper room: one smaller room with one double bed (140). Sleeps 2. Two sitting rooms, one dinning room, a fully equipped kitchen, 3 toilets, two bathrooms (one of which is a full bathroom with shower, double sink, toilet and bathtube. The second one is much smaller with shower and sink). Access to two terraces, porch and balcony  with view on beautiful  big garden. The one-storey Cottage house sleeps 4 guests and it includes; -Two comfortable large separate bedrooms with double beds (140). Sleeps 4 -One kitchen corner -A sitting room and a dinning corner for 4 -One bathroom with sink, sho	You will enjoy a main house for 12 guests as well as a smaller cottage house for 4 guests. Great for Both having large terraces allowing you to relax and have your meals during the summer time. Great for family and/or friends reunions  or business. The main 3-storey house was built in 1860. It is a charming old house entirely refurbished and decorated. Sleeps 11 guests and is composed of: -The Belle Epoque master bedroom with a double bed (140) as well as a futon bed (160). Sleeps 4 - Theh orientalist room: one large room with one double bed (140) and one single bed (90). Sleeps 3 -The Byzantine room:  one double bed (140). Sleeps 2. -The Edward Hopper room: one smaller room with one double bed (140). Sleeps 2. Two sitting rooms, one dinning room, a fully equipped kitchen, 3 toilets, two bathrooms (one of which is a full bathroom with shower, double sink, toilet and bathtube. The second one is much smaller with shower and sink). Access to two terraces, porch and balcony  with view on b
12783	Central apartment in Paris, 40m2, close to the Eiffel Tower (20 minutes by subway) and Montparnasse (10 minutes by subway or 20 minutes on foot). Bright and beautiful apartment.Apartment suitable for 4 tenants.  One big and bright room with double bed, bathroom, toilet and lovely living with a sofa (converts into another double bed), TV and Wifi. Kitchen with dishes, microwave, oven and fridge.	Central apartment in Paris, close to the Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse. Bright and beautiful apartment. Central apartment in Paris, 40m2, close to the Eiffel Tower (20 minutes by subway) and Montparnasse (10 minutes by subway or 20 minutes on foot). Bright and beautiful apartment.Apartment suitable for 4 tenants.  One big and bright room with double bed, bathroom, toilet and lovely living with a sofa (converts into another double bed), TV and Wifi. Kitchen with dishes, microwave, oven and fridge. You can access all the apartment. If you need some help we can be here for you at all times. Great, beautiful and calm area. This is the 15th district in Paris, a VERY SAFE AND SECURE area, where you can walk alone at night without worrying. The apartment is next to Georges Brassens parc. There are french bakery, wines shop, cheese shop, pharmacy, supermarket, bank, post office close to the apartment (3 minutes).  Lot of restaurants like French food, Italian restaurant, bar, etc... Metro 13 (b
12784	Le logement est mis en location saisonnière pour la première fois cette été ce qui explique que nous n'avons pas encore de commentaires :) 	30m2 studio Rdc on  courtyard. High ceilings with loft ( 190x160 bed ) and sleeps 2 on sofa . Near center of Paris face a  Square and 1 min Metro
12785	The duplex is 35 square meters, it canhost 4 persons. There is a bedroom with a real double bed, a living room with sofa bed for 2 persons, a fully equipped kitchen (stove, microwave, washing machine, fridge and freezer..), internet wifi, bathroom, TV with a hundred channels, stereo , , dressing cabinet, several cupboards, iron, candles available giving a more cozy ambiance ..	Beautiful duplex 35 square meters, quiet and very well furnished. 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars, 10 minutes from Invalides, the Montparnasse Tower and other beautiful sites of Paris. The duplex is 35 square meters, it canhost 4 persons. There is a bedroom with a real double bed, a living room with sofa bed for 2 persons, a fully equipped kitchen (stove, microwave, washing machine, fridge and freezer..), internet wifi, bathroom, TV with a hundred channels, stereo , , dressing cabinet, several cupboards, iron, candles available giving a more cozy ambiance .. The guest can have access to all the facilitiers on the appartement. There is also such magazines, plans and pictures detailing the best Parisian plans.   I'm availabe to reply to any question and intercation.  I am also flexible on arrival and departure times. It will be a really pleasure  I love my neighborhood and i'm sure that you'll also love it. It's very close to the best sides of Paris (Eiffel tower, Ch
12786	Great two bedroom apartment in lovely neighborhood with lots of charming restaurants and interesting food and clothing shops, near transport, and all the great tourist sites of Paris (Eiffel Tower, Louvre, Trocadero, Champs Elysee, etc.)	Our apartment is lovely and comfortable. We are conveniently located, in a great neighbourhood with lots of lovely shops - two blocks from the metro and lots of bus lines nearby and walking distance to the Eiffel Tower.  Great two bedroom apartment in lovely neighborhood with lots of charming restaurants and interesting food and clothing shops, near transport, and all the great tourist sites of Paris (Eiffel Tower, Louvre, Trocadero, Champs Elysee, etc.) Wifi, computer, TV, game console, washer/dryer, dishwasher, full kitchen, courtyard dining. 
12787		Joli appartement avec une chambre avec lit, un salon avec canapé convertible, cuisine fonctionnelle et une salle de bain. A deux pas de la place Charles Michel et de Beaugrenelle. A 12 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Metro ligne 10 et 8 à proximité
12788		4 pièces au 3 eme étage avec ascenseur Salon, 3 chambres, cuisine, salle de bains et balcons.  Lave vaisselle, lave linge et sèche linge. Proche tout commerce, bus et metro Équipement électroménager, wifi deux chambres sur 3
12789	A 30 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 10 min en métro du quartier Montparnasse	Studio de 31 m2 avec terrasse, 6ème étage plein ouest, très ensoleillé. Résidence moderne avec gardien.  Studio avec cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes...), Wi-Fi, SdB avec WC.  Quartier Convention, animé avec restaurants et commerces Quartier Convention animé avec restaurants et commerces à proximité et marché 2 fois par semaine.  A 30 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 10 min en métro du quartier Montparnasse Métro Convention ligne 12 ou Felix Faure ligne 8. Bus n°(phone number hidden) et noctilien n13, tramway T2.
12790		Luxury and freshly renovated Apartment close to the Eiffel Tower, 1 Bedroom with private bathroom with shower, separate WC, 50 sqm, up to 4 peoples, lift in the building.
12791	Studio of a student in art school. Composed of two parts, the living room and a bathroom. It can accommodate two people with the trundle bed. Near the Eiffel Tower, it is a very charming studio located in the attic, prosecutors and the Parisian atmosphere that prevails will do you good.	Near of the Eiffel Tower, this studio is composed of everything you need. In the third floor, with two beds, bathroom and toilet. Quiet it's located on court. Ideal for shopping and come to rest. Studio of a student in art school. Composed of two parts, the living room and a bathroom. It can accommodate two people with the trundle bed. Near the Eiffel Tower, it is a very charming studio located in the attic, prosecutors and the Parisian atmosphere that prevails will do you good. Unlimited broadband internet and telephone. Subway station : La Motte Picquet-Grenelle or Commerce.
12792	appartement très calme, sur cour, 6eme étage avec ascenceur. Une chambre, un salon avec un canapé lit. Une salle de bain , une cuisine séparée.	Very quiet, one bedroom, dining room with a sofa bed, separate kitchen, 40 meters square. Ideal to visit the Eiffel tower , les Invalides, le musée Branly etc... appartement très calme, sur cour, 6eme étage avec ascenceur. Une chambre, un salon avec un canapé lit. Une salle de bain , une cuisine séparée. Tout le logement est disponible Je suis joignable par téléphone pendant le séjour des hôtes. La tour Eiffel à 10 minutes à pied! les bords de Seine, le musée du quai Branly. Metro 6. Bus , RER C pour Versailles et tout les lieux touristiques de Paris. Proximité immédiate de la tour Eiffel.
12793	Situé en plein cœur de Montparnasse à la limite du 6ème arrondissement. Ce studio vous offre tout le confort pour un séjour réussi ! Seul ou en couple, il vous permettra de retrouver tout le calme et la tranquillité après les multiples escapades que vous proposent Paris et ses environs.  Le studio se trouve au 2ème étage d'un immeuble contemporain, ultra sécurisé. 	Situé en plein cœur de Montparnasse à la limite du 6ème arrondissement. Ce studio vous offre tout le confort pour un séjour réussi ! Seul ou en couple, il vous permettra de retrouver tout le calme et la tranquillité après de multiples escapades Situé en plein cœur de Montparnasse à la limite du 6ème arrondissement. Ce studio vous offre tout le confort pour un séjour réussi ! Seul ou en couple, il vous permettra de retrouver tout le calme et la tranquillité après les multiples escapades que vous proposent Paris et ses environs.  Le studio se trouve au 2ème étage d'un immeuble contemporain, ultra sécurisé. Vous pourrez accéder au studio facilement grâce à la Gare Montparnasse située à environ 100m, aux navettes aéroports, ainsi qu'aux bus et métro (métro Montparnasse Bienvenue à 3 min ou Métro Falguière à 3 minutes également). Je reste à votre disponibilité tout au long de votre séjour pour tout renseignement. Cœur de Montparnasse avec tous ses restaurants, cinémas, théâtres, centre comm
12794	The appartment is bright, spacious and very quiet. There are two rooms separated by a corridor. The flat can welcome up to two people (bed dimensions : 140/200cm). The squat toilets are private and on the same (quiet) floor.	20m2 studio with a lovely view on the Eiffel tower, which is 15min away (by foot !) and 20 metres away from the underground station Charles Michels. 
12795		situé en rez-de-chausse proche métro convention sur l'avenue felix faure une grande chambre munie d'un lit double et d'un canape dans une autre pièce dite dépendance se trouve une cuisinette une douche et les WC.  machine a laver, internet 
12796	This studio centrally located nearby Montparnasse-Duroc-Falguiere will seduce you by it calm and location one step from Montparnasse, cafés, restaurants, and cinemas; it is equipped with wifi, telephone, television, american kitchen, nice bathroom, good bultex bed; there is a small terrace where you can enjoy a coffee or a drink during spring and summer time the buses are (phone number hidden) Métros are Falguière-Duroc-Montparnasse The tower and gare du Montparnasse are 5mn walking distance from te flat You are next to rue de Vaugirard where you will find all the supermarkets, carrefour city, baker shop, pharmacy, cafes, and one block after you will arrive to Bvd du Montparnasse where you will find cafe Select, la Coupole, l'Entrecôte and many others famous restaurants.	Modern and comfortable apartment with terrace, located in the district of Vaugirard, near the Gare Montparnasse in Paris.  It is located in a small street 50 meters walking distance from rue de vaugirard where you can find main supermakets and cafés This studio centrally located nearby Montparnasse-Duroc-Falguiere will seduce you by it calm and location one step from Montparnasse, cafés, restaurants, and cinemas; it is equipped with wifi, telephone, television, american kitchen, nice bathroom, good bultex bed; there is a small terrace where you can enjoy a coffee or a drink during spring and summer time the buses are (phone number hidden) Métros are Falguière-Duroc-Montparnasse The tower and gare du Montparnasse are 5mn walking distance from te flat You are next to rue de Vaugirard where you will find all the supermarkets, carrefour city, baker shop, pharmacy, cafes, and one block after you will arrive to Bvd du Montparnasse where you will find cafe Select, la Coupole, l'Entrecôte and 
12797	Appartement 35 m2 au RDC .l’appartement est un grand Studio avec cuisine américaine. Équipée d'un lit deux places (190cm x 140cm) et d'un séjour contenant un canapé convertible et confortable, qui se transforme en lit 2 places facilement. Salle de bain et toilette. Tour Eiffel/Champs de Mars à 10 min à pied, Invalide aussi et roche des commerces Metro ligne 6 Dupleix à 1 min.	Un Appartement/Studio de 35 m2 à 10 min à pied de la tour Eiffel, au cœur du 15éme arrondissement, métro à 1 min. Peut accueillir 4 personnes.  Appartement 35 m2 au RDC .l’appartement est un grand Studio avec cuisine américaine. Équipée d'un lit deux places (190cm x 140cm) et d'un séjour contenant un canapé convertible et confortable, qui se transforme en lit 2 places facilement. Salle de bain et toilette. Tour Eiffel/Champs de Mars à 10 min à pied, Invalide aussi et roche des commerces Metro ligne 6 Dupleix à 1 min. Je serai disponible le long de votre séjour à Paris pour répondre à vos questions, vous donner les bons plans/bonnes adresses... Quartier Dupleix au 15ème Arr. de Paris est très propre, chic, et calme. Tout est à proximité : Metro, commerce, Rue de commerce(Shopping), Tour Eiffel, Invalides, musées... Metro Dupleix (ligne 6) 1min à pied Motte piquet (5min à pied) (ligne 8-10- 6) Champs Mars Bir-Hakim (RER C - Ligne6) Aeroport d'Orly à 20 minutes en TaxiSino 1à min pour all
12798	A single spacious room with and opened bright kitchenette.One bathroom with a shower and toilet.	"Studio flat 20m2, quite and convenient. Near the Eiffel Tower (2 stops by metro, 25mn walk).You can go for a stroll to one of Paris large, Andre Citroen Park. Ideal for holidays in Paris! A single spacious room with and opened bright kitchenette.One bathroom with a shower and toilet. The flat is well located, on the first floor. The window overlooks a flowery private courtyard. Logement au rez-de-chaussée, entrée de l'immeuble sécurisé avec code. Fenêtre qui donne sur cour fleurie privative. I know how it feels to be a foreign traveller and I'll be happy to help. Tips, advice and recommendation during your stay. I speak French , English and Arabic. -Walk, jog or chill out! There are several parcs in the area, while the biggest is the Parc André Citroën.Several gardens have specific themes, including water games. - En METRO :La station la plus proche est à 346m, il s'agit de la station ""Lourmel"" ligne 8 ou ""Boucicaut"" meme ligne à 425m Sinon  station ""Javel - André Citroën"" à 546 m. By "
12799	This unique place gives you the impression that you are in the country right in the heart of Paris ! The bedrooms have lovely south facing garden views with  french doors opening onto the sunny wooden terrace- an ideal spot for breakfast or dinner. A dining room opening onto the garden A small kitchen is equipped with all you need to prepare simple meals; Fully tiled bathroom with WC and shower on each floor.	"Nestled in a lively upscale neighbourhood of Paris, this 2 bedroom cottage offers the rare luxury of a quiet place surrounded by cafes&restaurants, bakeries, local food markets, Metro: a heaven to enjoy a peaceful rest after a long day of sightseeing This unique place gives you the impression that you are in the country right in the heart of Paris ! The bedrooms have lovely south facing garden views with  french doors opening onto the sunny wooden terrace- an ideal spot for breakfast or dinner. A dining room opening onto the garden A small kitchen is equipped with all you need to prepare simple meals; Fully tiled bathroom with WC and shower on each floor. A laundry room with washing machine , clothes dryer, iron and iron board. If you need,your hostess is close at hand across the garden to ensure your stay is flawless. Guests of "" little cottage"" can live like a Parisian exploring the multitude of cafes&restaurants round the corner, bakeries and wine boutiques as well as high-end super"
12800	une chambre côté cours, très calme, avec 2 vrais lits simples. un séjour clair avec 1 canapé lit. Possibilité de rajouter un lit d'appoint pour une 5ème personne.  5 minutes à pieds de deux stations de métro permettant d'aller directement dans le centre de Paris.  Boulangerie, épicerie en bas de l'immeuble.	Dans un quartier calme, familial et commerçant, 2-pièces ensoleillé de 48m2, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur dans immeuble des années 1930. Séjour sur rue calme, chambre sur cours. Vélib, autolib, bus et métro (M8/M12) à 5mn - Idéal pour visiter Paris ! une chambre côté cours, très calme, avec 2 vrais lits simples. un séjour clair avec 1 canapé lit. Possibilité de rajouter un lit d'appoint pour une 5ème personne.  5 minutes à pieds de deux stations de métro permettant d'aller directement dans le centre de Paris.  Boulangerie, épicerie en bas de l'immeuble. Veillez à user de l'appartement dans les règles de bon voisinage : calme, pas de soirée bruyante. Quartier très familial, avec commerçants, restaurants et marché les mardi, jeudi et dimanche matin. metro Boucicaut ou Convention Ligne de bus 62 possibilité de garer la voiture dans la rue, mais payant.
12801	Chambre agréable, fonctionnelle et indépendante pour 2 personnes, dans un appartement au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur ). Vous avez accès à la cuisine et au salon avec petit balcon où il est bon de prendre son petit-déjeuner.  Accès à internet possible.  La chambre est de bonne dimension (environ 10m²), avec 2 lits simples (80 cm par 190cm)   très lumineuse, et légèrement isolée de l’appartement. Vous pourrez y prendre votre petit déjeuner (plateau repas) tranquillement.. Le petit déjeuner est inclus et nous fournissons draps et serviettes propres. Private room pleasant, functional and independent for 2 people in a 65 square meter apartment on the 4th floor (with elevator); You have access to the kitchen and living- room with small balcony where it is good to take its breakfast.  Availability of internet. The room is good size (10m²) with 2 single beds (80cm by 190cm) very bright, and slightly isolated from the apartment. You can have your breakfast (meal tray) quietly.. The breakfast is 	Chambre agréable, fonctionnelle et indépendante pour 2 personnes, dans  appartement au 4ème étage, ascenseur. Vous avez accès à la cuisine et au salon avec petit balcon où il est bon de prendre son petit-déjeuner. Proche du quartier Montparnasse. Chambre agréable, fonctionnelle et indépendante pour 2 personnes, dans un appartement au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur ). Vous avez accès à la cuisine et au salon avec petit balcon où il est bon de prendre son petit-déjeuner.  Accès à internet possible.  La chambre est de bonne dimension (environ 10m²), avec 2 lits simples (80 cm par 190cm)   très lumineuse, et légèrement isolée de l’appartement. Vous pourrez y prendre votre petit déjeuner (plateau repas) tranquillement.. Le petit déjeuner est inclus et nous fournissons draps et serviettes propres. Private room pleasant, functional and independent for 2 people in a 65 square meter apartment on the 4th floor (with elevator); You have access to the kitchen and living- room with small balcony where 
12802	"This furnished 56 m² apartment is located on Rue de La Convention, an animated section of Paris 15th district. We are happy to host at most 2 people in our bedroom. (We would be staying in the next room.) Every morning, you would be able to make an international breakfast (tea, coffee, milk, fruits, cereal, eggs, bread, butter, jam - depending on what is available) for yourself. Otherwise, there are also famous ""boulangeries""(bakeries) along our street. You would also be provided with sheets and towels if required.  Experience peace and serenity after a long bustling day in Paris as our apartment is located on the ground floor with windows facing a quiet street."	"You're invited to stay in a lovely room of a big, well-located apartment in the center of Paris with many amenities . Located in the 15th Arrondisement with all its Parisian charm, it is well connected to all the parts of Paris by metro and bus 24/7. This furnished 56 m² apartment is located on Rue de La Convention, an animated section of Paris 15th district. We are happy to host at most 2 people in our bedroom. (We would be staying in the next room.) Every morning, you would be able to make an international breakfast (tea, coffee, milk, fruits, cereal, eggs, bread, butter, jam - depending on what is available) for yourself. Otherwise, there are also famous ""boulangeries""(bakeries) along our street. You would also be provided with sheets and towels if required.  Experience peace and serenity after a long bustling day in Paris as our apartment is located on the ground floor with windows facing a quiet street. Guests will have full access to :  Wifi A fully equipped kitchen with a fridge"
12803	L'appartement est idéal pour les familles et peut accueillir 2 adultes et 2 jeunes enfants. Au 4ème étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, l'appartement donne sur une petite place arborée rue de Vaugirard. Il est tout équipé pour des jeunes enfants : Lit à barreaux, table à langer, mixeur... La cuisine est équipée. Il est situé à 5 minutes de la porte de versailles / parc des expositions. Le bus vous emmène en quelques minutes à la Tour Eiffel, les Champs Elysées, les Invalides. A 2 mins à pieds du métro convention sur la ligne 12, qui vous emmène en plein coeur de Paris.	Appartement (70 m²) calme, lumineux et élégant, idéal pour une famille dans un quartier familial, commerçant, et bien desservi par les transports en communs. Vue dégagée sur une place arborée. Toutes commodités pour des enfants.  L'appartement est idéal pour les familles et peut accueillir 2 adultes et 2 jeunes enfants. Au 4ème étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, l'appartement donne sur une petite place arborée rue de Vaugirard. Il est tout équipé pour des jeunes enfants : Lit à barreaux, table à langer, mixeur... La cuisine est équipée. Il est situé à 5 minutes de la porte de versailles / parc des expositions. Le bus vous emmène en quelques minutes à la Tour Eiffel, les Champs Elysées, les Invalides. A 2 mins à pieds du métro convention sur la ligne 12, qui vous emmène en plein coeur de Paris. Quartier très familial et proche de tous les commerces, il est agréable de se promener et calme pendant la nuit. L'appartement est situé à 5 minutes à pied de la porte de versailles / parc
12804	logement agréable, dans un quartier calme et sympa.  Proximité de toutes commodités (restaurant, cinéma, piscine aquaboulevard, centre commercial)  nice accommodation in a quiet and friendly neighborhood. Close to all amenities (restaurant, cinema, swimming pool aquaboulevard, shopping center)	STUDIO DE 25m² tout equipé Cuisine, wc, douche situé à seulement 10min a pied de la tour Eiffel et d'aquaboulevard. proche toutes commodités (cinéma, métro, bus, restaurant, parc des expositions ..) 1er étage avec ascenseur. logement agréable, dans un quartier calme et sympa.  Proximité de toutes commodités (restaurant, cinéma, piscine aquaboulevard, centre commercial)  nice accommodation in a quiet and friendly neighborhood. Close to all amenities (restaurant, cinema, swimming pool aquaboulevard, shopping center) les accueillir et leurs donner des conseils pour visiter. welcome them and give advice to visit le voisinage est très sympa, ainsi que les différents restaurant. très beau quartier bien desservi. the neighborhood is very nice, and different restaurant. very nice area, well connected the neighborhood is very nice, and different restaurant. very nice area, well connected
12805	The apartment is 58 SQM and spacious. Two bedrooms: Master bedroom with Kingsize water bed and the second bedroom with a brand new bunk bed (200x90 cm). The apartment has been totally renovated in 2014. Bed linen and towels provided. There is a concierge downstairs in case there is something urgent.	Cosy, stylish & spacious 58 sqm 2-bedroom apartment in a Haussmanian building in a wonderful neighbourhood. All amenities (supermarkets, Monoprix, butcher, bakery etc) close by and conveniently located close to the metro. Apartment fully equipped. The apartment is 58 SQM and spacious. Two bedrooms: Master bedroom with Kingsize water bed and the second bedroom with a brand new bunk bed (200x90 cm). The apartment has been totally renovated in 2014. Bed linen and towels provided. There is a concierge downstairs in case there is something urgent. Guests are allowed to use everything in the apartment (wifi, television, cooker, oven, washer/dryer ,...) During your stay you are more then welcome to contact me for any information you require. The apartment is 400 meters from metro Convention (line 12). Porte de Versailles is less than 10 minutes by foot or 1 stop with the metro. To get to the Louvre or the Marais, its just one transfer at Montparnasse-Bienvenue with very short walking distance
12806		"of Paris,near the place des Vosges and the Marais,in the lively Bastille neighborhood but away from the noise, please come and discover your future apartment where you can enjoy a typical "" marais"" home:wooden beams with a seventies touc"
12807		Appartement idéalement situé Porte de Versailles, face du Parc des Expositions. Tout équipé, douche hydromassante, lave vaisselle, équipement cuisine complet pour 4 personnes, drap, serviettes Très calme avec vue magnifique. WIFI haut débit+TV 107cm Je suis disponible pour expliquer comment fonctionne l'appartement et les meilleurs endroits de paris. mail, Imessage et What's app Appartement situé en face du parc des expositions et du nouveau Ministère de la Défense. Le XVeme, un quartier mythique à plus d’un titre, dans le sud-ouest de la Ville Lumière.  Lors de votre prochain séjour partez à la découverte de l’arrondissement le plus vaste de la capitale  L'appartement se trouve à 2mn à pieds du Parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles et du Palais des Sports.  Rejoignez Aquaboulevard (10mn à pieds)...  Profitez d'une situation idéale pour vos déplacements professionnelles, tourisme ou loisirs pour découvrir ou re-découvrir Paris et tous ses secrets.  Les Champs Elysées, Le Louvre, La 
12808	The area is one of the most prestigious of Paris. You'll find many convenience stores on Avenue de Suffren which is just face to the studio. You will enjoy the panorama of the Eiffel Tower from the Champs de Mars which would be your garden (there you can have a picnic or drink a bottle of french wine).	Studio does up like new, very charming, just a step from the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. Ideal to visit PARIS  alone or for two. The area is one of the most prestigious of Paris. You'll find many convenience stores on Avenue de Suffren which is just face to the studio. You will enjoy the panorama of the Eiffel Tower from the Champs de Mars which would be your garden (there you can have a picnic or drink a bottle of french wine). We will meet for the keys at the beginning and the end of your stay. However I'll be available at any time if you need any information or in any case of necessity because we are living near the studio. The area is very well served by public transportation : Metro La Motte Piquet Grenelle (line 6,8,10) and bus stop Champs de Mars ( 5 different lines)
12809	Large bedroom / living room with comfortable sofa and separate from the rest of the apartment by a double glass door with curtains. The room is very bright and has a TV, a DVD player, wifi network, a coffee table and a high table with chairs if needed. The decoration is neat and fits very well with the style of the classic Parisian apartment with parquet flooring and moldings. The room can comfortably accommodate up to 3 people. 2 on the sofa bed and one on an extra mattress. The apartment Located rue de Vaugirard a nice street with families, and shops, supermarket, coffees, the apartment is decorated with style, combining design and old furniture and it has a lift! Living / spacious room with a sofa bed for 2, a table and 4 folding chairs, LCD TV and DVD player, wifi network high speed. The room overlooking courtyard, you will sleep without hearing the noise of the street. The kitchen has an American fridge with water dispenser and ice maker, ceramic 3 hotplates, an oven, a microwave,	Great room / living independently in a classic Parisian apartment of 55 m2 in the district of Vaugirard. Large bedroom / living room with comfortable sofa and separate from the rest of the apartment by a double glass door with curtains. The room is very bright and has a TV, a DVD player, wifi network, a coffee table and a high table with chairs if needed. The decoration is neat and fits very well with the style of the classic Parisian apartment with parquet flooring and moldings. The room can comfortably accommodate up to 3 people. 2 on the sofa bed and one on an extra mattress. The apartment Located rue de Vaugirard a nice street with families, and shops, supermarket, coffees, the apartment is decorated with style, combining design and old furniture and it has a lift! Living / spacious room with a sofa bed for 2, a table and 4 folding chairs, LCD TV and DVD player, wifi network high speed. The room overlooking courtyard, you will sleep without hearing the noise of the street. The kitc
12810	20 m² studio with bathroom and kitchen. 5min by foot from the Eiffel tower. Shops and markets around. Next to the métro Bir-hakeim, ligne 6  and RER Champs de mars Tour Eiffel, ligne C. 	20 m² studio with bathroom and kitchen. 5min by foot from the Eiffel tower. Shops and markets around. Next to the métro Bir-hakeim, ligne 6  and RER Champs de mars Tour Eiffel, ligne C. 
12811	Bienvenue dans ce charmant et lumineux studio au centre du quartier Beaugrenelle. Cet agréable studio avec cuisine séparée et grand balcon se situe au pied de la station Charles Michels, à 5 min à pied de Dupleix (Ligne 6) et à 7 min de la station Commerce (Ligne 8).  De nombreux bus ainsi que des stations vélibs sont accessibles en quelques secondes.  Le quartier Beaugrenelle propose commerces, boutiques, cinéma, centre commercial et supermarché à proximité immédiate. 	Lovely and bright 30 m² studio 10 min walk from Eiffel Tower.  Great balcony and separated kitchen. Many shops, supermarket and Beaugrenelle mall whithin walking distance.   The metro station (Charles Michels) is just down the flat. 
12812	"The appartement is elegantly decorated, hase ample closets, one TV with cable HD channels and ultimited free high speed , wirless internet access.  This parisien appartement has complete kitchen that includes: ceramic hob, micro-wave, ustentiel kitchen , refrigerator, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, towels,waching up liquid ... I also provide Tea, coffee, sugar, mineral water, coca, to great you on your arrival. I make a special price for 1,2 Weeks or more on demand. Supermarket ""Franprix"" , bakery, win shop, pharmacy, are around the corner. the muse of wine is a metro station in Passy. Very typical French brasseries nearby the Ecole Militaire , congress center, commerce street, the new and most popular Beaugrenelle shopping center is short walking distance and is worth wandering the aisles and and savoring the sights and smells. In a foot of the Bulding Metro line 6 and RER C, a great number of bus near the place will take you almost everywhere inside Paris, direct withe RER C : Saint "	"Located in the very safe and residential part of the city ( 15 arrondissement), opposite the ""Eiffel Towors"" and ""Champ de Mars"" ,garden. this appartement  14 squar meters. Hi is located in bulding of high standing in a foot of Metro Bir Hakeim. The appartement is elegantly decorated, hase ample closets, one TV with cable HD channels and ultimited free high speed , wirless internet access.  This parisien appartement has complete kitchen that includes: ceramic hob, micro-wave, ustentiel kitchen , refrigerator, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, towels,waching up liquid ... I also provide Tea, coffee, sugar, mineral water, coca, to great you on your arrival. I make a special price for 1,2 Weeks or more on demand. Supermarket ""Franprix"" , bakery, win shop, pharmacy, are around the corner. the muse of wine is a metro station in Passy. Very typical French brasseries nearby the Ecole Militaire , congress center, commerce street, the new and most popular Beaugrenelle shopping center is short walk"
12813		Loue chambre avec coloc super sympa (peu présent)entre Dupleix ( tour Eiffel ) et Beaugrenelle (centre commercial). Chambre équipée: lit double commode,table. Salon commun et accessible a tous, sdb, WC, cuisine séparées et équipés (+ machine a laver)
12814	Secured residence with concierge, near main touristic places. Many shops and great restaurants around, I will be happy to give you a list of the parisian must do	Sunny flat to appreciate the parisian beauty and rooftops (7th floor). Perfectly located between Invalide, Montparnasse and Effeil Tower (visible from the Terrace). Ideal for 2 or 3 persons (Large bed and sofa bed available) Near to subway: 6 8 10 Secured residence with concierge, near main touristic places. Many shops and great restaurants around, I will be happy to give you a list of the parisian must do You will have the studio for yourself (Kitchen, bathroom, living room) I am a fan of the parisian lifestyle, and I can give you all the tips to enjoy your stay in Paris. Visit my fashion and life style blog on (website hidden) The 15th arrondissement is my favorite one in Paris: close to shops, malls, cinema (Beaugrenelle, rue du commerce) but also ideally connected to rest of the city with 3 subway lines at La motte Piquet. 30 seconds walking from subway Cambronne, 3 minutes walking from La motte Piquet. You will also find a bicycle renting station (velib) in front of the residence
12815	Le logement se compose d'une grande pièce avec canapé-lit, table et d'un grand dressing. Un troisième couchage est éventuellement possible mais sur un lit d'appoint.  La pièce donne sur un grand balcon avec vue sur la tour Eiffel. La cuisine est séparée et complète : four, micro-ondes, plaques, lave-vaisselle, frigo, congélateur. La salle de bain contient une machine à laver et une baignoire. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec gardien.  Ascenseur. The accommodation consists of a large room with sofa bed, table and a large dressing room. A third bed may be possible but as an extra bed. The room opens onto a large balcony overlooking the Eiffel Tower. The kitchen is separated and complete with oven, microwave, stove, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer. The bathroom contains a washing machine and a bath. The building is secured and with a guard. Elevator.	Le logement se compose d'une grande pièce avec canapé-lit, table et d'un grand dressing. Un troisième couchage est éventuellement possible mais sur un lit d'appoint.  La pièce donne sur un grand balcon avec vue sur la tour Eiffel. La cuisine est séparée et complète : four, micro-ondes, plaques, lave-vaisselle, frigo, congélateur. La salle de bain contient une machine à laver et une baignoire. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec gardien.  Ascenseur. The accommodation consists of a large room with sofa bed, table and a large dressing room. A third bed may be possible but as an extra bed. The room opens onto a large balcony overlooking the Eiffel Tower. The kitchen is separated and complete with oven, microwave, stove, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer. The bathroom contains a washing machine and a bath. The building is secured and with a guard. Elevator. Aucune restriction, tout l'appartement est accessible! No restrictions, the whole apartment is available! Je suis pleinement disponible pour v
12816	The flat is very cosy and charming, and will definitely contribute to make your stay much more delightful. It has been refurbished recently and it is very-well furnished. The bed is amazingly comfortable, toilets are brand new, kitchen is fully equipped and has a bar (Two bottles of good French wine are at your diposal for free) with a big flat TV with several premium channels access (Including sports channel with live broadcast of many sports event and football games from big European championships for free), and both recent and masterpiece movies on demand (€2 to €5 per movie). High speed Wi-fi is free.	I am renting my designed flat during the summer The flat is very cosy and charming, and will definitely contribute to make your stay much more delightful. It has been refurbished recently and it is very-well furnished. The bed is amazingly comfortable, toilets are brand new, kitchen is fully equipped and has a bar (Two bottles of good French wine are at your diposal for free) with a big flat TV with several premium channels access (Including sports channel with live broadcast of many sports event and football games from big European championships for free), and both recent and masterpiece movies on demand (€2 to €5 per movie). High speed Wi-fi is free. The entire flat is at your disposal, which includes a room with a double size bed, toilets with a shower, and another bigger room with a kitchen and a sitting place with Sofa, chairs and TV. You can use closets too. I'm 24 and I've been living in Paris for several years. I love to go out and discover places, I'll be delighted to advise y
12817	Charming studio in the center of Paris at La Motte - Picquet Grenelle (tube station). Typically Parisian area, with great location for visiting Paris. Very bright and quiet on the 6th floor with elevator. Large balcony with an open view and two sunbeds that will let you enjoy the view of the Hanging Gardens of Village Suisse.	Charming studio full of light in the heart of Paris. Ideal for a couple, in quiet street along the Champ de Mars.  Enjoy its little terrace and its dream location for a Parisian stay. Charming studio in the center of Paris at La Motte - Picquet Grenelle (tube station). Typically Parisian area, with great location for visiting Paris. Very bright and quiet on the 6th floor with elevator. Large balcony with an open view and two sunbeds that will let you enjoy the view of the Hanging Gardens of Village Suisse. Fully furnished and equipped:  - An open room with : queen bed, couch and other seating, coffee table and wifi high speed access. - A kitchen with gas, microwave, fridge and freezer, coffee maker, toaster and a washing machine. - A bathroom with a large bathtub, dryer and toilet. - A terrace with two sunbeds Included: - Duvet and Pillows - Linens and towels - Hair dryer and straightener - High speed internet access and wi-fi To access from: - ROISSY CHARLES DE GAULLE Airport: Take th
12818	51 m2 agréable Lumineux espace typique parisien Jardin juste en face/ Calme	                Bonjour, Je sous- loue mon bel et chaleureux appartement pour deux ou trois personnes. Cuisine, SDB, Cheminée, Wifi, Proche commerces, 15 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 8min en Métro Centre de Paris. Vue Jardin. Calme.             51 m2 agréable Lumineux espace typique parisien Jardin juste en face/ Calme à 15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel Proche Commerces et Centre Commercial Beaugrenelle. 8 Min en Métro du Centre de Paris Retour rapide sous 8h max à 100m d'un grand centre commercial Quartier typique parisien avec petits commerces et cafés 4 stations de métro bus A 10 min du Centre de Paris
12819	The apartment is simple and convenient; we are a family of 3 currently out of the country and would welcome you in our home. You will have access to a living room with hardwood floor, large windows, sofa/bed [200X90 Cm], Flat panel HD TV [57 inch], and a foldable table [6 persons]. A full wooden bookcase is available so that you may enjoy some reading after a long day. Joining the living room is an open kitchen furnished with an oven, 4 induction stoves, fridge, electric kettle and toaster. A corridor provides access to the bedrooms The first bedroom has 2 single beds [200X90 Cm], we left a few toys for kids to enjoy. The second bedroom has a US Queen Size bed [160x 200 Cm], closet and small desk. Beddings are furnished. We also provide a travel cot, but without beddings [H78, L106, W74cm] The bathroom has a full bath with shower, with one vanity. The bathroom also has a small washer, clothes drying/hanging rack, iron and ironing board and hair dryer. Towels are available. The restroom	Enjoy this beautiful apartment -  750sqft -  2 Bedrooms (beds: 1 full, 2 single). Remodeled, very functional. Two private association gardens.  Located in the  XVth district, walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. Near subway lines 6, 8 and 10. The apartment is simple and convenient; we are a family of 3 currently out of the country and would welcome you in our home. You will have access to a living room with hardwood floor, large windows, sofa/bed [200X90 Cm], Flat panel HD TV [57 inch], and a foldable table [6 persons]. A full wooden bookcase is available so that you may enjoy some reading after a long day. Joining the living room is an open kitchen furnished with an oven, 4 induction stoves, fridge, electric kettle and toaster. A corridor provides access to the bedrooms The first bedroom has 2 single beds [200X90 Cm], we left a few toys for kids to enjoy. The second bedroom has a US Queen Size bed [160x 200 Cm], closet and small desk. Beddings are furnished. We also provide a trave
12820	You will be in a real family flat that you can decide if share some ideas and talkings or feel yourself free to enjoy just your bedroom (kitchen and bathroom/WC shared with us!). If you smoke please use the balcon!	Because our older son is actually in London, me, my younger son and my husband will guest you cheaply in his nice bedroom for one max 2 in our nice flat just in face of the Palais de Sport and Salon des Expos. Excellent connection and nice 'quartier'
12821	Apartment very safy with 2 digicodes to enter in the building.  Very nice apartment with: - one bedroom with a double bed - one living room with WIFI and TV  - one large equipped kitchen - one sunny balconie very pleasant for lunch or diner Sheets and towels inclued in the location.	I've just put my Home on Airbnb, you've could be the first, Welcome!  Very nice apartment on the 6th and last floor with elevator. Fully equipped apartment and very pleasant to live.  Calm and sunny.  Subway Convention (Line 12) Apartment very safy with 2 digicodes to enter in the building.  Very nice apartment with: - one bedroom with a double bed - one living room with WIFI and TV  - one large equipped kitchen - one sunny balconie very pleasant for lunch or diner Sheets and towels inclued in the location. If you can more informations, I'm here! The environment is very clean and calm.  You have everything close to the apartment: supermarket, coffee, pubs, à lot of restaurants, shops, market (tuesday, thursday and sunday)... Subway (Line 12 and 8) and Bus 62 and 80. Subway (Line 12: Convention)  is 5 minutes away from the apartment.  This line stops here:  - Montparnasse station (stop: Montparnasse Bienvenüe)  - Parc Luxembourg - Parc des expositions (stop: Porte de Versailles)  - Pont
12822	The bed is a pull-out sofa, king size, an additional  pull-out sofa (single) is available as well, Fresh sheets and towels are provided. A hair dryer is available in the bathroom.  There is a free wi-fi internet. An international adaptor plug is also available. 	The apartment is located only 10 minutes away by walk from the Eiffel Tower. It is a quiet studio of 25 (237 ft2) on the 5th floor with a kitchenette, a bathroom and a balcony. There is a lift. The studio doesn’t head to the street. The bed is a p
12823	A tipical block, as old parisian style.	"Nice room very close to the Eiffel Tower area. Many bars, restaurants in a quiet area of Paris. You will be received with attention and all comodities. Good transportation to the center of Paris. A tipical block, as old parisian style. You will have access to your private room, the bathroom, kitchen and living room are shared with my family (my husband). You are invited to have a breakfeast with us. We will comunicate by e-mail in french, spanish, english. This is a nice area, very close to the Eiffel Tower (about 10mn by wlaking). The block was made for the people in charge to build the Eiffel tower. There are a lot of bars, restaurants, and close to the ""rue du commerce"", nice street for doing shopping. All comodities, as transportation and bakery..etc The check in is 2H00 PM and the check out is 10H00 AM (I need time to prepare the room for the next visitor). You can leave your luggage in the room before the check in if needed."
12824	35 m² living room with open kitchen and confortable sofa (double-bed). Seperate bed-room with large bed. Refreshing italian shower. 	10 min walk to Montparnasse station, this sunny and quiet flat will suit to any kind of journey. Everything has been refreshed in the last year for your (and our :)) convenience. Queen size bed in separate bedroom. Lot of cute bistrots around. 35 m² living room with open kitchen and confortable sofa (double-bed). Seperate bed-room with large bed. Refreshing italian shower. Flat is rented during our holidays with free access to internet, TV, every kitchen material including spices :) We will always be at your disposal to explain you how it works and mostly what to do in the surroundings! Flat in a very quiet street. Lot of bistrots in the surrondings.  Large supermarkets to cook your sandwichs for non stop visits or homemade dinner. 10 min walk to Galleries Lafayette and rue de Rennes (lot of shops) * 1 min walk to Velib station * 5 min walk to Pasteur (Metro line 6 & 12). * 10 min walk to Montparnasse (Metro line 4, 6, 12, 13 & Train station) * 10 min by bus (N° 88) to Denfert Rocherea
12825	Versatile space thanks to the sliding doors, so every one can have his/ her own sleeping place if needed. Otherwise, it can be a very nice 1 bedroom with a big living room.	55 sqm2 flat close to Montparnasse train station on the left bank. Old style Parisian, 2 nd floor with elevator. 1 big bedroom, living room and office space with sliding doors, as you choose. Versatile space thanks to the sliding doors, so every one can have his/ her own sleeping place if needed. Otherwise, it can be a very nice 1 bedroom with a big living room. All the apartment. I'll help guests at the beginning, and leave my phone number if necessary. The neighborhood is residential, rather quiet in busy Paris. It's 10 mn walks from one of the main train station, which means you can always find shops open late there. Ah and also a mall, several movie theaters, a hidden in the ground public swimming pool and a roof top public garden. It is a also a very good spot to explore the left bank, Saint Germain and the Latin quarter, but also less travelled paths like the fondation Cartier in the 14th or even the parc Montsouris. There are also fast food, cafés and supermarkets around. As wel
12826		Au pied de Porte de Versailles et du Parc Georges Brassens. Charmant 2 pièces au calme . Idéal pour deux personnes. Incontournable pour profiter des salons ou d'un week-end parisien. 
12827	This 15m2 studio flat has a bunk bed (top: one bed, bottom: two mattresses on  top of each other), and a 2m long sofa. A shower cubicle is found inside the room and a private toilet on the corridor.  	On the romantic Rive Gauche (Left Bank) of Paris , it would be our pleasure to offer you a safe, warm and reasonably priced accommodation close to Montparnasse Station. This 15m2 studio flat has a bunk bed (top: one bed, bottom: two mattresses on  top of each other), and a 2m long sofa. A shower cubicle is found inside the room and a private toilet on the corridor.  Clean bed linen, bath toileteries, kettle, travel adapters, Guide book such as My Little Paris(EN) or Explored Pais(EN) and Lonely Planet Paris(CN), High Speed Free Wi-Fi service throughout all area in the apartment is accessible. Sophie is a student of cinematography and she would love to meet tourists around the world! English, French or Chinese speaking guests are all welcome. On the romantic Rive Gauche (Left Bank) of Paris , it would be our pleasure to offer you a safe, warm and reasonably priced accommodation close to Montparnasse Station. The apartment is located at the intersection of 6th, 7th and 15th arrondissemen
12828	Notre appartement est très bien agencé, le salon est très confortable et agréable et vous permettra de profiter agréablement d'une pause	A 15 minutes de la tour Eiffel, très proche du métro (Dupleix) dans le XVème arrondissement dans une rue agréable et calme. Superficie de 45 m² avec 2 grandes chambres et un salon, cuisine équipée, SdB et toilettes séparés Notre appartement est très bien agencé, le salon est très confortable et agréable et vous permettra de profiter agréablement d'une pause Vous pourrez accéder à toutes les pièces de l'appartement.
12829		In a typical French district, a lovely 2 bedroom appartment (kitchen, 1 living room and 1 room and 1 bathroom plus a balcony, wifi, tv, oven, microwave). 2 minutes from the metro station, in a calm neighbourghoud, but very close to  
12830		Beautiful room in a classic Parisian Haussmanian building. 10min walk to the Eiffel Tower 10min metro ride to St-Michel, Notre-Dame,.. We are 2 students speaking french, english, spanish and japanese! Convenience store, bakery, very close.. Welcome!
12831	2 room apartment of 32m2, fully redesigned in 2011. Modern and charming. Very close to : - Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles in 10 minutes by tram. - Parc Georges Brassens, quiet area close to many shops  (rue Brancion, rue de la Convention). - Gare Montparnasse in 10 minutes by bus (line 95), 15 minutes by Metro. Public transportation nearby: tram (T3), Metro (Porte de Plaisance and Vanves, line 13), bus (lines 62 and 95) and 2 Vélib stations. First-floor apartment in a calm and charming 1930's building. Lift. Fully equipped kitchen (multifunction oven, induction hob, worktop, refrigerator, washing machine). Bathroom with walk-in shower. Wi-Fi access. Lounge with 3 seater sofa, table for up to 8 (website hidden), Blu-ray/DVD player Bedroom with double bed.	2 room apartment of 32m2, fully redesigned in 2011. Modern and charming. Very close to : - Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles in 10 minutes by tram. - Parc Georges Brassens, quiet area close to many shops  (rue Brancion, rue de la Convention). - Gare Montparnasse in 10 minutes by bus (line 95), 15 minutes by Metro. Public transportation nearby: tram (T3), Metro (Porte de Plaisance and Vanves, line 13), bus (lines 62 and 95) and 2 Vélib stations. First-floor apartment in a calm and charming 1930's building. Lift. Fully equipped kitchen (multifunction oven, induction hob, worktop, refrigerator, washing machine). Bathroom with walk-in shower. Wi-Fi access. Lounge with 3 seater sofa, table for up to 8 (website hidden), Blu-ray/DVD player Bedroom with double bed. Quiet and family neighborhood. 2 min away from Georges Brassens park, including a kindergarten. Shops around the corner : bakeries, pharmacies, supermarket, etc. Autolib (self service cars) right in front of the apartment.
12832	Two rooms (43 m2 up to 4 guests) in Paris 15th arrond. Large sunny balcony on  Parc Georges Brassens. Very quiet and luminous. Parking in the buiding Connections: métro-bus-tramway Queen bed,  one single bed, one confortable matress on the floor (see photo) Food market (Tuesday, Sunday)	Two rooms (43 m2, up to 4 guests) in Paris 15th Large sunny balcony on  Parc Georges Brassens. Quiet and luminous. Free parking in the buiding  Parc Exposition Porte de Versailles Métro-bus-tram 1 queen, 1 single bed, 1 mattress on floor Food market Two rooms (43 m2 up to 4 guests) in Paris 15th arrond. Large sunny balcony on  Parc Georges Brassens. Very quiet and luminous. Parking in the buiding Connections: métro-bus-tramway Queen bed,  one single bed, one confortable matress on the floor (see photo) Food market (Tuesday, Sunday) Flat entirely available The reception is done by our very efficient concierge. Practical and technical problems may be solved, if necessary, by the concierge and her husband. We are available at any time on our mobile phones (or fixed telephone in Ardeche) for all informations concerning the appartment or practical aspects of Paris usual life. We are also available before and during your stay in Paris, to make it as pleasant as possible. Parc George Brassens
12833	Located in the center of Paris, you will be amazed by vitality in this area.	Located in center of Paris, this apartment can offer you quickly both access, First to the  Aeroport or Main Train Station and all touristic sites and shopping district for 20 minutes. Located in the center of Paris, you will be amazed by vitality in this area. Prohibiting animals Reachable at any time and available to guide you during you stay. -From Orly Airport & CDG : Bus Air France 1 & 4 , Bus stop Gare Montparnasse. -Gare SNCF : Gare Montparnasse -Subway :  4,6,12,13 -Bus: (phone number hidden)
12834	Close to Porte de Versailles, in the Middle of the famous 15th district of Paris. The building is highly secure and is fully furnished. 15 minutes far from the Eiffel tower by bike. Not that big like Parisian flats but very cozy.	Cozy Parisian Studio (appartement) in the 15th district of Paris gives out on a great garden. Everything is really close, groceries, tramway and metro station less then 2 minutes walking. The building is highly secure and is fully furnished. Close to Porte de Versailles, in the Middle of the famous 15th district of Paris. The building is highly secure and is fully furnished. 15 minutes far from the Eiffel tower by bike. Not that big like Parisian flats but very cozy. Total acces to the kitchen and everything in the Flat. I will be able to give you some tips while giving you the keys. Everything very close.  Supermarket, Boulangerie, etc... - Tramway and metro station less then 2 minutes walking from home. - 15 minutes from Montparnasse Train Station; - 30 minutes From Austerlitz train station; - Free tea and coffee. - I also if you wish can leave you my public bike card (which is very handy in Paris). There is a bike station right next to the entrancy of my building.
12835	 Le logement est clair grâce à de grandes baies vitrées exposées Sud-Est/Ouest et, malgré sa situation il est étonnamment silencieux car les fenêtres sont bien isolantes et la chambre donne sur la cour arrière arborée. La déco est classique et design à la fois , ce qui lui donne un charme particulier et très personnel. Literie impeccable et confortable, linge fourni en quantité, proximité immédiate avec métros, bus, cinéma, théâtres, boutiques...	"Very comfortable quiet and bright 85 m2 in the heart of Montparnasse. 3 large rooms plus kitchen and bathroom. Any comfort (elevator, wifi, etc)`quality & clean bedding Near by subway, bus, taxi, cinemas, shopping center, swimming pool etc ...) Very near ""Rue de la Gaité""   Theatres ... cinemas...shops...restaurants..."
12836	BALCON SUD OUEST DONNANT SUR LA TOUR EIFFEL, Appartement de caractère ,bon standing, ensoleillé, calme . 	Bonjour, mon appartement est situé proche du métro Cambronne, à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel, et du Champs de Mars  Dans un immeuble de caractère, au 5ieme étage avec ascenseur. Tout équipé et très calme, il est situé dans un quartier très commerçant. BALCON SUD OUEST DONNANT SUR LA TOUR EIFFEL, Appartement de caractère ,bon standing, ensoleillé, calme . Le quartier très commerçant bénéficie également d’un marché à la Motte Piquet que se tient le mercredi et le dimanche matin. Il vous faudra 30mn pour vous rendre aux gares du nord et de l’est en métro, et 20mn pour rejoindre le quartier de ST Germain des prés avec les bus 70, 39, 89.  Si vous êtes musicien ou musicienne, vous pourrez utiliser mon piano, de façon raisonnable et avant 20h le soir pour ne pas gêner les voisins.
12837		In a very convenient neighborhood, 10 min walk to the Eiffel Tower, one bedroom and one bathroom, very quiet, 3rd floor with elevator
12838	The apartment is 30m², 1 bedroom,1 living room, very functional, an open kitchen on the living room with all u need !! There is a real two place convertible sofa which is very comfortable !! The bedroom is well equipped with bathtub to relax after a long walking day across Paris,  and a washing/drying machine.  The bedroom is very nice. It has a bureau, a dressing and a large and very comfortable bed to enjoy your nights !!!  	Great appartment in the heart of the 15th arrondissement, on the shopping Street of Commerce, walkink distance from the Eiffeil Tower, Champs de Mars, Ecole Militaire, Invalide ... Enjoy Paris easily, you ll get all the tips !!! The apartment is 30m², 1 bedroom,1 living room, very functional, an open kitchen on the living room with all u need !! There is a real two place convertible sofa which is very comfortable !! The bedroom is well equipped with bathtub to relax after a long walking day across Paris,  and a washing/drying machine.  The bedroom is very nice. It has a bureau, a dressing and a large and very comfortable bed to enjoy your nights !!!   The guests will have access to the whole appartment and act as they were at their own place !! No restriction ! Enjoy everything !!! I ll be all available for any tips or advise that you ll need. I ll let you my phone number and a French Sim card with a French number so that you can reach me or be reached by anyone you want without any fe
12839	It is close to all conveniences. It is well equipped with an attractive balcony. You will be close to the subway, shops and also to popular tourist attractions such as Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has a lounge with a sofa, cable TV, and a comfortable bed. The lounge leads onto the balcony, meaning you can easily eat outside if you want to. There is a separate well-equipped kitchen (there is an oven, microwave and a cooker/hob) All utensils and cooking equipment are free for you to use. There is a bathroom with a washing machine.	My quiet apartment in the 15th district of Paris is available to sublet.  It is close to all conveniences. It is well equipped with an attractive balcony. You will be close to the subway, shops and also to popular tourist attractions such as Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has a lounge with a sofa, cable TV, and a comfortable bed. The lounge leads onto the balcony, meaning you can easily eat outside if you want to. There is a separate well-equipped kitchen (there is an oven, microwave and a cooker/hob) All utensils and cooking equipment are free for you to use. There is a bathroom with a washing machine. Free WiFi access is available. As aforementioned, the whole apartment and everything inside it is free for you to use, except for some storage places which have my personal belongings inside. Vaugirard station (12)
12840	THE APPARTMENT On the 5th floor, the apartment is well lit. The wood floor is typical of the Parisian 1920s. Your room is fully furnished with very comfortable twin beds, an optional desk, clothing cupboard with drawers, complementary Wifi access, a huge library full of books (art, French and international literature, etc).  It is part of a 3 bedrooms appartment (361 sqf in total) with casual and elegant French Country style furniture. The shared bathroom includes an Italian style shower and breathtaking shower system with its 6 adjustable body spray which provide top of the art massaging features, the Raindances overhead shower provides relaxing wellness. A towel warmer will add to this wellness. The restroom is separate. You can use the kitchen’s fridge and microwave for warming up some meals. The living room offers a medium grand piano for you to enjoy and practice, if you wish so.  Laundry service can be provided for travelers staying 5 days or more.  Free wifi, bed linen, hair dry	Private bedroom in a typical and secured Haussmanian building 5mns walk from the Champs de Mars where the Eiffel Tower is located. The Invalides are 15mns walk away.     THE APPARTMENT On the 5th floor, the apartment is well lit. The wood floor is typical of the Parisian 1920s. Your room is fully furnished with very comfortable twin beds, an optional desk, clothing cupboard with drawers, complementary Wifi access, a huge library full of books (art, French and international literature, etc).  It is part of a 3 bedrooms appartment (361 sqf in total) with casual and elegant French Country style furniture. The shared bathroom includes an Italian style shower and breathtaking shower system with its 6 adjustable body spray which provide top of the art massaging features, the Raindances overhead shower provides relaxing wellness. A towel warmer will add to this wellness. The restroom is separate. You can use the kitchen’s fridge and microwave for warming up some meals. The living room offers 
12841	Located at the end of a backyard, the apartment is very quiet, comfortable, and bright. He is located at the third floor of the building, without elevator. The place has been recently renovated and so is well equiped and clean. This place is perfect to spend a few days in Paris.	One -room apartment very bright and quiet in the middle of Paris (10 minutes walk from montparnasse and 1 minutes walk from Pasteur, 10 minutes from the eiffel tower with the subway). This place is perfect for a single person or a couple (1 big bed). Located at the end of a backyard, the apartment is very quiet, comfortable, and bright. He is located at the third floor of the building, without elevator. The place has been recently renovated and so is well equiped and clean. This place is perfect to spend a few days in Paris. The bathroom (shower) is very clean and bright, separated from the main room. The kitchen is very well equiped and hidden from the main room. The place has a washing machine. I will meet my guests in order to give them the keys to the apartment. I will stay available on my cellphone if needed and I will be very happy to give them advices about what to do in Paris. Located on Rue de Vaugirard this apatment is surrounded by very nice restaurants and shops. 10 minutes
12842	Dear travellers, Welcome in our comfortable apartment for your parisian spring stay! The apt is very well located, perfect for a couple who is visiting paris during 1 week - 15 min walking from the  Eiffel Tower - 5 min walking from 2 metro stations (Dupleix (Line6) and Charles Michels(Line 10)) - near all comodities and typical parisian shops (bakery, cheese...) It's a warm and comfortable 47m2 flat including : - 1 Bedroom with double bed (140x200cm) -  1 kitchen (washing mashing, dishwater, oven...) - 1 livingroom with TV, sofa and dining table -  1 bathroom with bath The building is quiet and secure. Internet WIFI in all the appartment From our terrace you can see the top of the Eiffel Tower ;) It's waiting for you !	Dear travellers, Welcome in our comfortable apartment for your parisian spring stay! The apt is very well located, perfect for a couple who is visiting paris during 1 week - 15 min walking from the  Eiffel Tower - 5 min walking from 2 metro stations (Dupleix (Line6) and Charles Michels(Line 10)) - near all comodities and typical parisian shops (bakery, cheese...) It's a warm and comfortable 47m2 flat including : - 1 Bedroom with double bed (140x200cm) -  1 kitchen (washing mashing, dishwater, oven...) - 1 livingroom with TV, sofa and dining table -  1 bathroom with bath The building is quiet and secure. Internet WIFI in all the appartment From our terrace you can see the top of the Eiffel Tower ;) It's waiting for you !
12843	This lovely Duplex apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement, 15 mn metro ride from the Eiffel Tower.  50 m from the metro station Lourmel (Line 8) Fith floor kitchen and living room (23 m2) Sixth floor bedroom and bathroom The flat has 2 bedrooms one being available for a couple It also has a fully equiped kitchen Close to the living room there is a balcony where you may have breakfast, dinner, and so on For lazy travellers there is a brand new elevator (the apartment is on the 5th & 6th floor) 	This lovely Duplex apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement, 15 mn metro ride from the Eiffel Tower.  50 m from the metro station Lourmel (Line 8) Fith floor kitchen and living room (23 m2) Sixth floor bedroom and bathroom The flat has 2 bedrooms one being available for a couple It also has a fully equiped kitchen Close to the living room there is a balcony where you may have breakfast, dinner, and so on For lazy travellers there is a brand new elevator (the apartment is on the 5th & 6th floor) 
12844		Dans un immeuble année 1980 au 3 étage avzec ascenseur, Vaste deux pièces de 48M2 avec une entrée, un séjour avec balcon et vue sur la Tour Eiffel, une cuisine US, une chambre au CALME sur JARDIN, une salle d'eau et un WC séparés.  Place de parking  AU CENTRE DE PARIS EN QUELQUES MINUTES AVEC LE METRO  COMMERCES ET RESTAURANT  3 METRO ET LIGNE DE BUS 
12845		Par sa localisation, cet appartement est à la fois fonctionnel pour des travailleurs de passage que des voyageurs en mal de tourisme. 10 min à pied du Parc des exposition de Versailles,20 Min de la Tour Eiffel... C'est mon chez moi et j'espère que vous vous sentirez  chez vous.
12846	Petit studio fonctionnel & charmant. 	               Petit studio de 15 m2 idéalement situé dans une rue commerçante, proche de la tour Eiffel et du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrennelle.       Petit studio fonctionnel & charmant. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'intégralité du logement. Deux grandes penderies seront à disposition pour ranger vos effets personnels.    Idéalement situé rue Saint Charles, rue très commerçante, boulangerie et restaurant en bas de l'appartement et vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Vous trouverez aussi à 5 minutes à pied le tout nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle.  La Tour Eiffel est accessible en bus à 10 minutes. Métro : Charles Michels sur la ligne 10 ou Boucicaut sur la ligne 8. Bus 42: Convention - Boucicaut ou bus 62: Convention - Saint Charles RER C : Javel
12847	Située dans le 15e arrondissement de paris, la maison de Laurie vous propose une chambre privative.  Proche des transports, vous pourrez aisément visiter Paris et ses monuments, lieux historiques. Les transports à proximité : « charles michels », ligne 10 à 5mins à pied « boucicaut », ligne 8 à 5 mins à pied « javel », ligne 10 et rer C à 10mins Il y a également une borne de taxi disponible au bas de l’immeuble. Vous bénéficierez d’une connexion wifi gratuite. Vous aurez accès à un point d’eau, une salle de bain avec une baignoire. Vous pourrez aussi accéder à la cuisine, des ustensiles sont mis à votre disposition. Seulement, nous vous prions de respecter le voisinage. La discrétion est de rigueur. Aucun animal n’est admis.	Bienvenue au sein de la MAISON DE LAURIE.  Elle vous accueille dans sa chambre privative, avec deux lits jumeaux. Cuisine et salle de bain sont partagées avec l'hôte.  L'accès à l'internet est compris dans le tarif. Située dans le 15e arrondissement de paris, la maison de Laurie vous propose une chambre privative.  Proche des transports, vous pourrez aisément visiter Paris et ses monuments, lieux historiques. Les transports à proximité : « charles michels », ligne 10 à 5mins à pied « boucicaut », ligne 8 à 5 mins à pied « javel », ligne 10 et rer C à 10mins Il y a également une borne de taxi disponible au bas de l’immeuble. Vous bénéficierez d’une connexion wifi gratuite. Vous aurez accès à un point d’eau, une salle de bain avec une baignoire. Vous pourrez aussi accéder à la cuisine, des ustensiles sont mis à votre disposition. Seulement, nous vous prions de respecter le voisinage. La discrétion est de rigueur. Aucun animal n’est admis. WIFI  Cuisine Douche Toilettes
12848	Lovely studio of 14 m² (squared meters) did up as new in a stone hausmiann building located 5 boulevard de grenelle kitchenette with oven and micro wave, nespresso machine, electric kettle, dishes, toaster, double bed for 2 persons 140x200cm. Privative bathroom including Italian bath with shower and toilets. bed and bath linen included. Located on the 7th and last floor of the building, elevator until the 6th. internet by wifi included. direct view on Eiffel Tower (200 meters). Supermarkets and stores just downstairs around the building In from of metro station Bir-Hakeim and RER station Champ de Mars / Tour Eiffel. All charges included	Lovely studio of 14 m² (squared meters) did up as new in a stone hausmiann building located 5 boulevard de grenelle kitchenette with oven and micro wave, nespresso machine, electric kettle, dishes, toaster, double bed for 2 persons 140x200cm. Privative bathroom including Italian bath with shower and toilets. bed and bath linen included. Located on the 7th and last floor of the building, elevator until the 6th. internet by wifi included. direct view on Eiffel Tower (200 meters). Supermarkets and stores just downstairs around the building In from of metro station Bir-Hakeim and RER station Champ de Mars / Tour Eiffel. All charges included
12849		Idéale pour un séjour en famille, ou une escapade touristique. En plein Paris à 15 mm de la Tour Eiffel, proche métro Convention ou Porte Vanves, tram, et bus loue un 3 pièces. Très calme et très clair, sans vis à vis donnant sur un parc de 8 hectare Quartier très agréable tous commerces Tram, metro, bus, velos... faiblement situé dans Paris intra-muros Appartement TRES CLAME
12850	Nice Bedroom with balcony in modern appartment of 100 sq. meters. 11th floor, with wonderful view on Paris. Swimmingpool & Sauna & Gym. 5 min to Montparnasse. Delicious bakery downstairs.	"Nice Bedroom with balcony in modern appartment of 100 sq. meters. 11th floor, with wonderful view on Paris. Swimmingpool & Sauna & Gym. 5 min to Montparnasse. Delicious bakery downstairs. Wifi/sheets/towels furnished. Nice Bedroom with balcony in modern appartment of 100 sq. meters. 11th floor, with wonderful view on Paris. Swimmingpool & Sauna & Gym. 5 min to Montparnasse. Delicious bakery downstairs. One of the best parisian bakery is just downstairs, nice restaurants and grocery shopping are right opposite. Go to the market on Sunday's, enjoy various cultural places within a couple of minutes walking distance. in rue Brancion or Convention, everything you might like will be there Bus lines 62, 88, 89 and 95 and metro stop ""Plaisance"" or very close by as well as a ""velib"" (bicycles) are very close by. Your car is safe in the street (no ticket between 9 pm - 9am).  Coming from airports, take Air France shuttle to Montparnasse, from stations, take the bus or metro. Private fitness, sau"
12851	"ce apartment of 27m2 completely renewed tastefully in 2012 and ideally placed between the Invalides and ""Le Bon Marché"", the famous shopping store. Very close to Saint-Germain-des-Prés fancy district and Montparnasse. All facilities around, a lot of quality food shops (one of the best cheese maker in the city is just around the corner), 2 supermarkets), restaurants, cafés, bakeries, all services (banks, post office, dry-cleaner) and shopping district five minutes away. Located rue de Sèvres in the 7th district of Paris, on the 1st floor in a 19th century charming building.  Digicode at the street door and intercom at the building door. A caretaker is in the building. Modern and functional interior design. Double glazing Windows with a nice view on rue de Sèvres. Wifi internet connection, flat-screen TV, DVD player. In the bedroom  : bed of 140x200, large closet, table-desk, wifi print machine). Fully-equipped kitchen : washing-dryer machine, oven combo/microwaves, toaster, Nespresso ma"	"Nice flat in a very pleasant district of Paris. Rue de Sèvres, près St. Germain des Prés, Invalides, et Montparnasse. ce apartment of 27m2 completely renewed tastefully in 2012 and ideally placed between the Invalides and ""Le Bon Marché"", the famous shopping store. Very close to Saint-Germain-des-Prés fancy district and Montparnasse. All facilities around, a lot of quality food shops (one of the best cheese maker in the city is just around the corner), 2 supermarkets), restaurants, cafés, bakeries, all services (banks, post office, dry-cleaner) and shopping district five minutes away. Located rue de Sèvres in the 7th district of Paris, on the 1st floor in a 19th century charming building.  Digicode at the street door and intercom at the building door. A caretaker is in the building. Modern and functional interior design. Double glazing Windows with a nice view on rue de Sèvres. Wifi internet connection, flat-screen TV, DVD player. In the bedroom  : bed of 140x200, large closet, table-d"
12852	Appartement situé au 7ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur.	Situé à 200 mètres du métro Convention et ses commerces, appartement de 50m2 très calme, avec vue dégagée. Traversant et lumineux, il est situé au 7ème et dernier étage, avec ascenseur. Possibilité d'un matelas pneumatique 2 places supplémentaire. Appartement situé au 7ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Quartier très commerçant, proximité des métro 12 et 8, idéalement situé entre le parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles et Montparnasse.
12853	Appartement au rez-de-chaussée, sur cour, très calme.  Le logement est constitué d'une pièce à vivre avec un grand lit 140, un canapé et une petite table avec chaises. La salle de bains est équipée d'une baignoire. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, un micro-ondes, un four, une bouilloire, une plaque électrique et une machine à laver. J'ai déjà beaucoup hébergé avec airbnb dans mon précédent appartement, je suis donc habituée. Je voyage également essentiellement avec le site airbnb, donc j'ai aussi bien le point de vue de voyageur que celui d'hébergeur !	Appartement de 30m2 très calme à 10 min de la porte de Versailles. Peut loger 2 personnes. Cuisine équipée, machine à laver, salle de bains avec baignoire, wifi. Appartement au rez-de-chaussée, sur cour, très calme.  Le logement est constitué d'une pièce à vivre avec un grand lit 140, un canapé et une petite table avec chaises. La salle de bains est équipée d'une baignoire. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, un micro-ondes, un four, une bouilloire, une plaque électrique et une machine à laver. J'ai déjà beaucoup hébergé avec airbnb dans mon précédent appartement, je suis donc habituée. Je voyage également essentiellement avec le site airbnb, donc j'ai aussi bien le point de vue de voyageur que celui d'hébergeur ! Vous pourrez utiliser tout ce qui est mis à votre disposition dans l'appartement. Tout ce que je demande c'est que vous vous comportiez chez moi comme vous le feriez chez vous :) Je reste disponible si vous avez besoin de conseils et de bonnes adresses ! Vous êtes à 10 min à p
12854	Studio (22m²) situé dans le 15 ème , proche Beaugrennelle 5 min , Aquaboulevard 5 min  , Tour Eiffel 15 min , Champs de Marne , proche métro et commerce ,Studio ( 22m²) located in south of paris  , near Beaugrennelle 5 min, near tour eiffel 15 min Studio de 22m² bien équipée ,tous les éléments électroménager, tv , câble , wifi . Métro ( subway ) lourmel (line 8 ) Boucicaut (line 8) Bus 62 , station velib Metro ligne 8 , ligne 10 et bus 62 Possibilité de vous transporter à l'aéroport , gare etc..	Studio (22m²) situé dans le 15 ème , proche Beaugrennelle 5 min , Aquaboulevard 5 min  , Tour Eiffel 15 min , Champs de Marne , proche métro et commerce ,Studio ( 22m²) located in south of paris  , near Beaugrennelle 5 min, near tour eiffel 15 min Studio (22m²) situé dans le 15 ème , proche Beaugrennelle 5 min , Aquaboulevard 5 min  , Tour Eiffel 15 min , Champs de Marne , proche métro et commerce ,Studio ( 22m²) located in south of paris  , near Beaugrennelle 5 min, near tour eiffel 15 min Studio de 22m² bien équipée ,tous les éléments électroménager, tv , câble , wifi . Métro ( subway ) lourmel (line 8 ) Boucicaut (line 8) Bus 62 , station velib Metro ligne 8 , ligne 10 et bus 62 Possibilité de vous transporter à l'aéroport , gare etc.. Métro ( subway ) lourmel (line 8 ) Boucicaut (line 8) Bus 62 , station velib Metro ligne 8 , ligne 10 et bus 62 Possibilité de vous transporter à l'aéroport , gare etc..
12855	Appartement de charme idéal pour deux adultes (maximum trois, l'un dormant dans le séjour). 5ème étage, 2 ascenseurs. 	Surface de 60 m² : séjour avec canapé lit 1 place, cuisine équipée, 1 chambre spacieuse (avec confortable lit double), salle de bains, wc séparés, balcon sur jardin.  Très calme, ensoleillé, coeur Montparnasse, proche jardin du Luxembourg. Appartement de charme idéal pour deux adultes (maximum trois, l'un dormant dans le séjour). 5ème étage, 2 ascenseurs. Immeuble standing sécurisé par code et vidéophone. J'habite le quartier depuis longtemps, je connais les bonnes adresses et peux vous aider pour organiser votre séjour. Le quartier est très animé (bar, brasseries, cinémas, théâtres), commerçant, il y a un marché, et Monoprix... Vous serez au centre de la rive gauche de Paris : Saint Sulpice, Saint Germain des Prés accessible à pieds.  4 lignes de métros, bus, gare SNCF Montparnasse, RER proche. Navettes Air France aéroports. Stations de taxis.  Parking sécurisé possible dans l'immeuble.
12856	Sweet parisian flat, perfect for a couple or a person alone who come for discover this beautiful Capital. This flat is composed of a little entrance, then a living room. There is a door separating these two spaces, for doesn't ear the noise outside. Then, there is a kitchen with everything for cooking delicious meals :-) The bathroom is nice with pastels colors and a little bath... If you need to relax, this bath is good after a visited and walking day ! There is a big window with a view on a courtyard, practice if you want take your meal outside. It is a flat nice in a 15th district of Paris, in a calm street, on a ground floor. Next to, there are a supermarket, tobacco, pharmacy... There is subway station also with a line extending from south to north of Paris. This line cross others lines to go everywhere in the city. There are also some goods restaurants and fast food... 	Sweet parisian flat, perfect for a couple or a person alone who come for discover this beautiful Capital. This flat is composed of a little entrance, then a living room. There is a door separating these two spaces, for doesn't ear the noise outside. Then, there is a kitchen with everything for cooking delicious meals :-) The bathroom is nice with pastels colors and a little bath... If you need to relax, this bath is good after a visited and walking day ! There is a big window with a view on a courtyard, practice if you want take your meal outside. It is a flat nice in a 15th district of Paris, in a calm street, on a ground floor. Next to, there are a supermarket, tobacco, pharmacy... There is subway station also with a line extending from south to north of Paris. This line cross others lines to go everywhere in the city. There are also some goods restaurants and fast food... Flat measure 204 feet : - Kitchen with fridge and ceramic hob - Bathroom with little bath, WC and washing machin
12857		Je met en location mon appartement de 47m2 idéalement situé.  Il se trouve à 5 minutes de toutes les zones touristiques (Tour Effeil, Champs élysée, Trocadéro, Parc des expositions...) mais aussi à proximité du métro (300m)  Vous y trouverez : - une chambre avec un lit 2 places - salon avec un canapé d'angle convertible en lit 2 places - cuisine équipé ( frigidaire, four, micro-onde, cafetière...) - salle de bain - TV/Internet - refait entièrement à neuf - Tous commerces à proximité
12858	This is the apartment where I live.. So, you will find whatever you need, and you will be hosted as a friend rather than an unknown guest!  And to be honest, I would expect the same... In Paris, I visited maybe more than 30 apartments before moving to this one. The main reasons for choosing this apartment may help you why you should also consider renting it! - MOST IMPORTANT and VERY HARD TO FIND IN PARIS: Old building, but very clean and renovated! - Perfect size for 1 person or a couple (or 2 couples, one couple sleeping in the living room in the convertible gigantic sofabed) - It is easily accessible to everywhere in Paris. 	I travel a lot for my job and I think it makes sense to rent out my apartment for the ones looking for a nice apartment in Paris for short periods! It is 5 minutes  to metro station (Convention) which crosses every major line from south to north! This is the apartment where I live.. So, you will find whatever you need, and you will be hosted as a friend rather than an unknown guest!  And to be honest, I would expect the same... In Paris, I visited maybe more than 30 apartments before moving to this one. The main reasons for choosing this apartment may help you why you should also consider renting it! - MOST IMPORTANT and VERY HARD TO FIND IN PARIS: Old building, but very clean and renovated! - Perfect size for 1 person or a couple (or 2 couples, one couple sleeping in the living room in the convertible gigantic sofabed) - It is easily accessible to everywhere in Paris. You will be able to use the apartment as if it is yours! You can cook (or order GREAT sushi from the restaurant menu o
12859	Bonjour! And welcome to Paris! Our objectives are to host you in the best conditions, that you feel as if you were at home, and that you keep a pleasant memory of your visit to Paris !!  It is an elegant newly renovated and high-end two-room apartment, very comfortable (contemporary interior and fully equipped), located at the first floor of a quiet Haussmann-style building (view on a green courtyard, away from street noise), and only 2 blocks away from Eiffel Tower!! This is literally 2-3 minutes by walk (Check the attached pictures). The building is safe (2 secured codes) as well as the area. The building is equipped with an elevator. The 'street view' displayed on the ad is not correct. The apartment is on Suffren avenue, not on Desaix street. Transportation is very easily accessible, within 2 to 5 minutes by foot: Metro stations (5 minutes ride to Trocadéro or Ecole Militaire, 10 minutes ride to Champs Elysées), suburb train (if you plan to visit Versailles), buses, public rental b	Bonjour! And welcome to Paris! Our objectives are to host you in the best conditions, that you feel as if you were at home, and that you keep a pleasant memory of your visit to Paris !!  It is an elegant newly renovated and high-end two-room apartment, very comfortable (contemporary interior and fully equipped), located at the first floor of a quiet Haussmann-style building (view on a green courtyard, away from street noise), and only 2 blocks away from Eiffel Tower!! This is literally 2-3 minutes by walk (Check the attached pictures). The building is safe (2 secured codes) as well as the area. The building is equipped with an elevator. The 'street view' displayed on the ad is not correct. The apartment is on Suffren avenue, not on Desaix street. Transportation is very easily accessible, within 2 to 5 minutes by foot: Metro stations (5 minutes ride to Trocadéro or Ecole Militaire, 10 minutes ride to Champs Elysées), suburb train (if you plan to visit Versailles), buses, public rental b
12860	L'appartement vous est bien sûr complètement réservé pendant votre séjour. Vous trouverez sur place les informations utiles pour la télé, le wifi, etc... ainsi que les bonnes adresses du quartier.  Vous trouverez les basiques pour assurer votre premier petit déjeuner, café, thé, beurre, confiture,...	Immeuble calme, sur cour, 50m2 en 2ème étage, refais à neuf en 2014. Grande pièce à vivre, cuisine ouverte équipée, chambre indépendante. A moins de 100m de la porte de Versailles, tramway, métro et tout commerce. Idéal séjour tourisme ou salon. L'appartement vous est bien sûr complètement réservé pendant votre séjour. Vous trouverez sur place les informations utiles pour la télé, le wifi, etc... ainsi que les bonnes adresses du quartier.  Vous trouverez les basiques pour assurer votre premier petit déjeuner, café, thé, beurre, confiture,... Je serai disponible pour vous accueillir et vous apporter tous les conseils nécessaires sur le quartier ou sur Paris. Le quartier est vivant. Vous y trouverez tous les commerces nécessaires  du supermarché à moins de 20 mètres aux boutiques plus spécialisées dans un rayon de moins de 500 mètres. Tout proche de la porte de Versailles, vous avez accès direct à la ligne 12 et aux tramway T2 et T3 (La Défense à 30 minutes).
12861	Appartement calme dans cour d'immeuble près du Parc des Expositions, porte de Versailles.	Appartement calme dans cour d'immeuble près du Parc des Expositions, porte de Versailles.
12862	"Hello Guys !  The flat is very nice, cozy and pleasant with a bedroom and a living room, bathroom and kitchen which are located on the 2nd floor, the living room overlooks the street and the room overlooks the courtyard wich is quiet. The room is spacious with storage and a double bed. The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, a microwave, a fridge and a washing machine that dries well. The bathroom has a bath and storage. The living room has a sofa fold-down which can accommodate two people. The apartment is located at la Motte (email hidden)ly and pleasant area with many restaurants and French typical restaurants and bakeries. The Flat is two minutes walk from The Champs de Mars / Eiffel Tower and the Ecole Militaire. You will also find the street "" La Rue Du Commerce"", a shopping street with a lot of various fashion shops! Its the perfect street where you can shop at la Motte Picquet !  The area is very well served with 3 metro lines: line 6, 8 and 10. The district of La Motte Piq"	"Hello Guys !  The flat is very nice, cozy and pleasant with a bedroom and a living room, bathroom and kitchen which are located on the 2nd floor, the living room overlooks the street and the room overlooks the courtyard wich is quiet. The room is spacious with storage and a double bed. The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, a microwave, a fridge and a washing machine that dries well. The bathroom has a bath and storage. The living room has a sofa fold-down which can accommodate two people. The apartment is located at la Motte (email hidden)ly and pleasant area with many restaurants and French typical restaurants and bakeries. The Flat is two minutes walk from The Champs de Mars / Eiffel Tower and the Ecole Militaire. You will also find the street "" La Rue Du Commerce"", a shopping street with a lot of various fashion shops! Its the perfect street where you can shop at la Motte Picquet !  The area is very well served with 3 metro lines: line 6, 8 and 10. The district of La Motte Piq"
12863	Hauteur sous plafond agréable environ 3 mètres 1 mezzanine pouvant accueillir 2 personnes 1 clic-clac pour 2 personnes aussi Situé au Rez-de-Chaussée, simple d'accès	One thing is certain: You're really in Paris  My studio, 20m², it's practical, it feels good. Whether it's for a weekend or a week, I will be delighted to receive you. Hauteur sous plafond agréable environ 3 mètres 1 mezzanine pouvant accueillir 2 personnes 1 clic-clac pour 2 personnes aussi Situé au Rez-de-Chaussée, simple d'accès Station métro ou RER à quelques mètres de l'appartement. Accès Tour Eiffel à quelques minutes à pieds. Il est situé à 1 minute à pieds d'une foule de commerces :  - Supermarché Franprix et Carrefour City,  - Boulangeries,  - Nombreux restaurants et cafés,  Vous serez aussi à 10 minutes à pieds de Centre Commercial Beaugrenelle (Shopping, bars, pubs et restaurants, cinémas). Vous apprécierez aussi vous balader sur les quais de Seine, à 5 minutes à pied.  
12864	petit studio très bien situé, rénové, clair, sain, aération, situé dans immeuble  ancien hôtel.  vue sur rue assez calme, séjour avec clic clac confortable, placard, kitchenette avec plaques frigo micro onde  lit 2 places sur mezzanine  douche , robinet de douche,  WC, petit lavabo lave main, armoire salle de bain . ascenseur chauffage central,  internet, TV.  Quartier recherché. on y trouve tout à proximité immédiate, pressing dans la rue d'à côté à 3mn à pied,  vous pouvez vous rendre à pied au parc des expositions . La place de  Montparnasse est assez proche par le metro (5 ième  arrêt). Il y a un parc boisé très agréable juste derriere l'immeuble. séjour agréable garanti.	Studio sécurisé, 1ier étage rue Desnouettes à 2 pas du parc des expositions de Versaille métro convention ligne 12  bus n° 39 et 80 à proximité, la boulangerie et llibre service  juste en face, pressing à 3 mn. quartier très agréable, tout y est. petit studio très bien situé, rénové, clair, sain, aération, situé dans immeuble  ancien hôtel.  vue sur rue assez calme, séjour avec clic clac confortable, placard, kitchenette avec plaques frigo micro onde  lit 2 places sur mezzanine  douche , robinet de douche,  WC, petit lavabo lave main, armoire salle de bain . ascenseur chauffage central,  internet, TV.  Quartier recherché. on y trouve tout à proximité immédiate, pressing dans la rue d'à côté à 3mn à pied,  vous pouvez vous rendre à pied au parc des expositions . La place de  Montparnasse est assez proche par le metro (5 ième  arrêt). Il y a un parc boisé très agréable juste derriere l'immeuble. séjour agréable garanti. ASCENSEUR, PARK VELIB,  BUS (n° 39 arrêt hôpital de Vaugirard, n° 80
12865	-HIGH SPEED Wifi -TV -heating -hot water -fully equipped kitchen -fridge -coffee machine -microwave -hairdryer - wardrobe - a comfortable big PROPER bed in the first bedroom - a DOUBLE sofa-bed in the second bedroom( the apartment can accommodate up to 4 people ) - shower - separated toilets HIGH SPEED Wifi, TV, heating, hot water, fully equipped kitchen, fridge, coffee machine, microwave, wardrobe, everything you need. The apartment is on the 4th floor with lift. - Voltage converters/adapters could be supplied on request - fresh clean towels will be provided - apartment will be properly arranged and clean sheets will also be changed before your stay.	10 mins walk to/from Eiffel Tower, newly refurbished spacious apartment. This SPACIOUS apartment is ideal for a family or one to two pairs of couple, located in a fascinating neighborhood in the central Paris. -HIGH SPEED Wifi -TV -heating -hot water -fully equipped kitchen -fridge -coffee machine -microwave -hairdryer - wardrobe - a comfortable big PROPER bed in the first bedroom - a DOUBLE sofa-bed in the second bedroom( the apartment can accommodate up to 4 people ) - shower - separated toilets HIGH SPEED Wifi, TV, heating, hot water, fully equipped kitchen, fridge, coffee machine, microwave, wardrobe, everything you need. The apartment is on the 4th floor with lift. - Voltage converters/adapters could be supplied on request - fresh clean towels will be provided - apartment will be properly arranged and clean sheets will also be changed before your stay.
12866		Studio de 20m2, refait à neuf, très agréable et tout équipé. A une minute de la rue du commerce et proche des lignes 8 6 et 10 du métro. Peut accueillir un couple sans problème, accès internet et TV disponible. A 10 minutes de la tour eiffel, quartier très commerçant et vivant.
12867		Logement dans rue calme, quartier agréable. proche du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle, de la rue du commerce et des salons porte de versaille. 3eme étage avec ascenseur. 2 pièces en etat parfait. Chambre sur cour calme.
12868	Very nice studio, functionnal, with all commodities: kitchen, bathroom, cable TV, parking possibilities, 3rd floor without elevator. Very close to subways stations Motte Picquet Grenelle, Duplex and Bir Hakeim. 50 meters away from the champ de Mars and 200 meters away from the Eiffel tower. Other conditions :  - An additional 20€ will be asked for the cleaning of the studio upon arrival for stays of 2 weeks or less, or 40 EUR for stays of more than 2 weeks.	Very nice studio, functionnal, with all commodities: kitchen, bathroom, cable TV, parking possibilities, 3rd floor without elevator. Very close to subways stations Motte Picquet Grenelle, Duplex and Bir Hakeim. 50 meters away from the champ de Mars and 200 meters away from the Eiffel tower. Other conditions :  - An additional 20€ will be asked for the cleaning of the studio upon arrival for stays of 2 weeks or less, or 40 EUR for stays of more than 2 weeks.
12869	The apartment can accommodate two people, near the Metro , the Eiffel Tower and in a very friendly street.	Beautiful studio quiet and relaxing in the heart of the commercial street. Enjoy the Trade Street with its many restaurants and shops as well as the Eiffel Tower in 5 min walk . The apartment can accommodate two people, near the Metro , the Eiffel Tower and in a very friendly street. Guests have access to the whole apartment . The apartment contains no washing machine, oven. This is a very dynamic area with many restaurants and shops nearby to use public transportation . Métro 8: - Commerce Métro 6: - La motte Piquet grenelle
12870	GRANDE CHAMBRE DE 18m2 MEUBLEE EN NAPOLEON III DANS IMMEUBLE BOURGEOIS DU 15ème arrondissement, près du PONT MIRABEAU Lit pour une personne 90cmx 1,90cm Armoire de rangement avec penderie et grand miroir de plein pied Draps et serviettes de bain fournis Petit déjeuner servi dans le Salon jusqu'à 10h30 du matin. Il se compose de thé ou café, pain, viennoiserie, ou gâteau maison, beurre de baratte, confiture maison, jus de fruits......(comme à la Maison) L'appartement est situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Porte immeuble avec code d'accès. 	GRANDE CHAMBRE DE 18m2 MEUBLEE EN NAPOLEON III DANS IMMEUBLE BOURGEOIS DU 15ème arrondissement, près du PONT MIRABEAU Lit pour une personne 90cmx 1,90cm Armoire de rangement avec penderie et grand miroir de plein pied Draps et serviettes de bain fournis Petit déjeuner servi dans le Salon jusqu'à 10h30 du matin. Il se compose de thé ou café, pain, viennoiserie, ou gâteau maison, beurre de baratte, confiture maison, jus de fruits......(comme à la Maison) L'appartement est situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Porte immeuble avec code d'accès. La salle de bains avec douche est à partager par la propriétaire qui occupe l'appartement (personne très chaleureuse et accueillante). WIFI Possibilité d'utiliser le micro-onde, le réfrigérateur, la bouilloire électrique dans la cuisine. Disponibilité de l'hôtesse pour venir en aide et conseiller sur les différentes activités, lieux à visiter etc ... QUARTIER calme, ambiance parisienne avec petits cafés, nombreux commerces de bouche de qualité (bouche
12871	"VERY COSY FLAT WITH A NICE VIEW ON A GARDEN:  - 1 bedroom (queen size bed). - 1 living room with a couch, table, and lots of books - Fully equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, toaster and kettle). - Small bathroom with a shower and a window.  - Washing machine. - Bedsheets + towels are provided - Free wifi  - Recently renovated - 28m² / 300 ft² A SAFE AND PLEASANT NEIGHBORHOOD:  - A quiet street in a lively residential area. - Famous ""Rue du Commerce"" shopping street with lots of shops and restaurants, Monoprix supermarket, 24/7 pharmacy, etc. - 1 min walk  - Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars (amazing park where you can go running and have picnics with a view on the Eiffel Tower) - 10 min walk. - Local market on Wednesdays and Sundays selling fresh food,  meet and cheese - 1 min walk EXCELLENT PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION:  2 min walk from La Motte Picquet metro station, where you can catch 3 different metro lines, going almost everywhere in Paris:  - Lign 6: direct to Champs-Elysées, Arc de Triomphe"	"Very nice cosy flat with a nice view on a garden. In the safe and pleasant neighbourhood of the Eiffel Tower.  Excellent public transportation.  A wonderful place for a great stay in Paris !  Perfect for a couple. - 1 bedroom (queen size bed). - 1 living room with a couch, table, and lots of books. - Fully equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, toaster and kettle). - Small bathroom with a shower and a window.  - Washing machine. - Bedsheets + towels are provided - Free wifi  - Recently renovated - 28m² / 300 ft² I'll be delighted to answer any question you might have. Please do not hesitate to contact me for more details! - A quiet street in a lively residential area. - Famous ""Rue du Commerce"" shopping street with lots of shops and restaurants, Monoprix supermarket, 24/7 pharmacy, etc. - 1 min walk  - Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars (amazing park where you can go running and have picnics with a view on the Eiffel Tower) - 10 min walk. - Local market on Wednesdays and Sundays selling fresh foo"
12872	Located in the heart of 15th District of Paris, this tiny, bright and elegant studio features a satellite, flat-screen TV and an equipped kitchen. Free Wi-Fi access is provided. The studio has a private bathroom with a shower and toilet. Located on the building's 2th floor, the access to the studio is available by stairs. The kitchenette on site provides a stove, a coffee machine and a microwave. Restaurants, bars and groceries can be found within a walking distance. In 5-10 minutes walk from Convention Metro Station (line 12 which provides direct acces to Montparnasse Train station), Plaisance (line 13) or tramway Brançion (T3, 2 stations from Porte de Versailles exposition center) and in a half an hour from all touristic sightseeings of Paris.	Located in the heart of 15th District of Paris, this tiny, bright and elegant studio features a satellite, flat-screen TV and an equipped kitchen. Free Wi-Fi access is provided. The studio has a private bathroom with a shower and toilet. Located on the building's 2th floor, the access to the studio is available by stairs. The kitchenette on site provides a stove, a coffee machine and a microwave. Restaurants, bars and groceries can be found within a walking distance. In 5-10 minutes walk from Convention Metro Station (line 12 which provides direct acces to Montparnasse Train station), Plaisance (line 13) or tramway Brançion (T3, 2 stations from Porte de Versailles exposition center) and in a half an hour from all touristic sightseeings of Paris.
12873		Apartment 55m2  at Metro Pasteur - closed to supermarkets, shopping, and m - 10 min walking to reach the Eiffel Tower.  There are 2 bedrooms - 1 living room with a big sofa - 1 bathroom - 1 large equipped kitchen. Internet wifi and TV are included.
12874	Studio petit mais parfaitement équipé et meublé. Très belle lumière naturelle, double exposition.  Ambiance chaleureuse et confortable. Peut accueillir 2 personnes	Studio petit mais parfaitement équipé et meublé. Très belle lumière naturelle, double exposition.  Ambiance chaleureuse et confortable. Peut accueillir 2 personnes Appartement entièrement indépendant. Accès internet par fibre. WiFi. Nombreuses chaînes de télévision. Linge de toilette et draps fournis. Nécessaire pour cuisine, ménage, etc... Salle de douche équipée. J'habite dans la même rue, en face de l'immeuble où se trouve le studio, donc facilement disponible pour quoi que ce soit. Quartier bien desservi par les transports en commun, metro (ligne 6 & 10), bus. Autolib et Velib' à proximité. Tous commerces très proches (boulangerie, supermarché, Office Dépôt, la Poste... Marchés parisiens 4 jours/semaine). Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Montparnasse et Saint Germain des Prés accessibles à pied. Quartier tranquille et sûr. WC électrique 
12875	Our apartment is located near by Champ De Mars & Eiffel Tower, 110m2 flat, on the 7th and Latest Floor of an Old Typical Paris Building.  Fully renovate and furnish by Designer,  3 bedrooms are available to host 2 guests each. Nice view of Eiffel Tower.   	Apartment, located near by Champ De Mars & Eiffel Tower, 110m2 flat, on the 7th and Last floor of an old Paris Building.  Fully renovate and furnish by designer,  3 bedrooms are available to host 2 guests each. Nice view of Eiffel Tower.    Our apartment is located near by Champ De Mars & Eiffel Tower, 110m2 flat, on the 7th and Latest Floor of an Old Typical Paris Building.  Fully renovate and furnish by Designer,  3 bedrooms are available to host 2 guests each. Nice view of Eiffel Tower.    You will have access to the entire apartment. 110m2 in Total with a 50 m2 living room with an open fully furnished kitchen. Really Nice view of the Eiffel Tower. You will have  bathroom, separate (website hidden), Internet, Washing Machine and necessary usual furniture are available. There is no fireplace in the apartment, this a wallscape.  My name is Dominique. I'm working in the IT Business in Paris.  The apartment is of the 7th floor and you can enjoy a nice view of the Eiffel Tower from the l
12876	45 M2 apartment fully furnished and recently renovated comprising : - a large 25M2 living/dining room with flat screen TV, equiped  with a corner sofa convertible in a 2 (small) place bed, flat screen TV with Bose, DVD player, coffee table, high dining table with 5 stools - an American style kitchen.  - a bedroom with a comfort Queen size bed (160*200cm) - a bathroom (including a washing machine) - a separate toilet,  Wifi connection. You can use all the equipment in the apartment. Towels and bedclothes are available. I'll also leave you a guide with some of the best addreses in the area.    The apartment is 5 minutes walk from the metro stations Commerce, Avenue Emile Zola and Cambronne (metro lines 6, 8 et 10). So you are only 15 minutes from  the Eiffel tower, the Champs Elysées, the Latin quarter, Invalides, Trocadéro, Opera Garnier or the main shopping stores on boulevard Haussmann. Close to the apartment you'll find a nice shopping area on Rue du Commerce together with many resta	We have been leaving in Paris for seven years and love the city, and would love to share with you our favorite places in Paris ! Feel free to ask us any question 45 M2 apartment fully furnished and recently renovated comprising : - a large 25M2 living/dining room with flat screen TV, equiped  with a corner sofa convertible in a 2 (small) place bed, flat screen TV with Bose, DVD player, coffee table, high dining table with 5 stools - an American style kitchen.  - a bedroom with a comfort Queen size bed (160*200cm) - a bathroom (including a washing machine) - a separate toilet,  Wifi connection. You can use all the equipment in the apartment. Towels and bedclothes are available. I'll also leave you a guide with some of the best addreses in the area.    The apartment is 5 minutes walk from the metro stations Commerce, Avenue Emile Zola and Cambronne (metro lines 6, 8 et 10). So you are only 15 minutes from  the Eiffel tower, the Champs Elysées, the Latin quarter, Invalides, Trocadéro, Ope
12877	This studio is located on the 1st floor of a good standard building with a lift and building keeper. The windows open on a quiet courtyard with trees, surrounded by business premises.	Recently renewed, bright and quiet, you will love this charming, furnished Paris studio to rent for three people. In Montparnasse come and taste this slice of history that was the Rraring 20's! This studio is located on the 1st floor of a good standard building with a lift and building keeper. The windows open on a quiet courtyard with trees, surrounded by business premises. This 30sqm studio to rent in Paris has been entirely renewed recently. The main room features an open fitted kitchen and the living / sleeping area. Two sofabeds will enable a total of 3 persons to sleep here : the largest sofabed sleeps two people (140x200) and the other will sleep one person only (120x200). Both have high quality mattresses for everyday use. Note that you don't have to move the furniture if you want to open the double sofabed. A folding dining table is placed against the wall. It can also be opened to accomodate up to four guests. The bathroom features a large walk-in shower and toilet. This Pari
12878	A chaque retour je suis encore séduite par le charme de mon appartement!	Sur jardin en plein coeur de Montparnasse, idéal pour un séjour de découvertes et de repos, face au musée Bourdelle. Proche de la gare Montparnasse, parfaitement desservi par les lignes de métro 4, 6, 12 et 13, également terminus de nombreux bus. A chaque retour je suis encore séduite par le charme de mon appartement! Tous commerces à proximité et centres commerciaux. Notre nièce, Delphine Portocala, accueille les voyageurs et répond à toutes leurs questions, elle parle anglais. Les artistes ont fait la réputation du quartier, Kiki de Montparnasse (phone number hidden)), l’une des figures marquantes de la vie artistique parisienne des Années Folles, égérie et amie de nombreux artistes : Modigliani, Duchamp, Desnos, Picasso, Cocteau, Aragon, et muse de Foujita et de Man Ray. Nombreux cinémas, théâtre, restaurants. Bus Air France à 300 mètres, desservant les aéroports  d'Orly et Charles de Gaulle. Possibilité emplacement parking dans l'immeuble, 5€ par jour. Location minimum une semaine.
12879	A comfortable modern flat, with a balcony. 	This flat is very spacious, with two big rooms, a nice livingroom and an big open kitchen perfecty equiped. A lot of corner shops around and 10 min by bus to reach the Eiffel tower.  A comfortable modern flat, with a balcony.  You will be at 5 minutes walking from a beautiful park and 10 min by bus to reach the Eiffel tower. A lot of corner shops will provide you all that you could need.  Subway: line 8 (Boucicaut) ou 10 (Charles Michel). Bus: n°62 (Convention Charles - Michel) n°42 (Convention Boucicaut)
12880	Your dreams come true under a wonderful starry Night lights (in optical fibers) ! Unique location ! 52m2 apartment (2 rooms). There is also a small bedroom where we can put a mattress on the floor if needed. Very easy to travel all around Paris because of the proximity of Tramway (T2), subway (M8), RER (C) and there is a velib station just down the street (bicycle) Very close to supermarkets, boulangeries, fruit shops, cafes with their famous French terrasse... Also perfect for shopping with famous Beaugrenelle center and perfect for sports because Aquaboulevard is only 5min by foot.	Charming architect apartment near André Citroën Park, Aquaboulevard, subways and tram ! Your dreams come true under a wonderful starry Night lights (in optical fibers) ! Unique location ! 52m2 apartment (2 rooms). There is also a small bedroom where we can put a mattress on the floor if needed. Very easy to travel all around Paris because of the proximity of Tramway (T2), subway (M8), RER (C) and there is a velib station just down the street (bicycle) Very close to supermarkets, boulangeries, fruit shops, cafes with their famous French terrasse... Also perfect for shopping with famous Beaugrenelle center and perfect for sports because Aquaboulevard is only 5min by foot. The apartment is fully furbished (fresh and clean linen and towels at your arrival) Wi fi, 55' cable TV, playstation... Washing machine, dish washer and oven Plenty of French, English and Polish books. Unlimited free access to VOD (video on demand) You can reach us on our mobile during the time of the stay André Citroën
12881		En plein cœur du 15ème arrondissement, à deux pas de toutes les commodités, 3 minutes à pied du métro (ligne 12 Convention), ce charmant petit 2 pièces situé au 6ème étage d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien est doté d'un grand balcon avec vue sur les toits de Paris, le haut de la Tour Eiffel et de la Tour Montparnasse.
12882		Good accomodation for 2 to 6 people who want to visit Paris. We have two double rooms and one living room.  Really close to Eiffel Tower (5 minutes walking) it's the perfect location to discover the city of light.
12883	The apartment is composed of : -1 bedroom with a queen size bed (phone number hidden) living room with a kitchen -1 bathroom Have a look on the pictures, it's better than words to have an idea ;)	"Appartment perfect for 2, located between subway station Emile-Zola and La Motte Picquet Grenelle. The Eiffel Tower and the Invalides are in a walking distance, many subway lines are available 2 minutes away. The apartment is composed of : -1 bedroom with a queen size bed (phone number hidden) living room with a kitchen -1 bathroom Have a look on the pictures, it's better than words to have an idea ;) I won't be with you during your stay, but i'll let you my around-flat guide to know where to eat, what to visit, and where you can go shopping in the area :) Fill free to e-mail/text me during your stay for any informations My apartment is located in the north of 15th district, near ""La Motte Picquet Grenelle"" subway station. You are 10 min walking away from the Eiffel Tower. They are lot of shops and restaurants around the appartment There are 2 subway stations around the apartment : La Motte Picquet and Emile Zola. A Velib station is available in front of the building. Use them : it's c"
12884		Very close to the metro Pasteur, the flat can host up to 6 people with two large double bed and one double sofa-bed. There's everything you'll need and it's super bright. The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels * Wifi andinternet Un ami à moi vous accueillera si je ne suis pas là. Envoyez moi votre heure d’arrivée dès que vous pouvez.  Je ne serai peut être pas sur place mais je pourrai vous donner des conseils sur le quartier ou répondre à vos questions sur l’appartement par Airbnb. Have a nice stay in Paris !
12885		Quartier calme et sûr.  A 2 min à pied du metro (ligne 8) L'appartement est idéal pour 2 personnes (possibilité de mettre un lit supplémentaire). Fonctionnel, propre et lumineux, vous y passerez un très agréable séjour.
12886	The studio is perfect for a couple, having a romantic getaway in the city of lights. It's also convenient for those who love to travel alone, as it is quiet and can provide a moment of relaxation in the big city.	Conveniently located close to the Eiffel Tower in one of the chicest areas of the city, this apartment keeps the perfect parisian charm to set the mood for your stay.  The studio is perfect for a couple, having a romantic getaway in the city of lights. It's also convenient for those who love to travel alone, as it is quiet and can provide a moment of relaxation in the big city. The apartment is all yours!  Feel free to use the little kitchen to have a little candlelit degustation of the local food. The towels and bed linen are provided. There is also a microwave and an iron, in case you might need them. I'm a passionate guide of Paris, so I can let you know about all the little secrets of the city, if you wish. In case if you have your own plan, we'll just meet to exchange keys, and I'll keep my secrets to myself :-) The neighborhood is chic and residential, so here you can find lots of amazing little gourmet shops with wine, cheese, bread and seafood. I'll let you know my favorite add
12887	Studio situé au premier étage sans ascenseur.  Cuisine équipée ( Cuisinière, micro-onde, bouilloire), machine à café Malongo et machine à thé (capsules fournies).  	Charmant studio à proximité de la gare Montparnasse. Proche des transports ( métros 6 et 12 et différents bus) et tous commerces. Idéal pour découvrir Paris en couple. Studio situé au premier étage sans ascenseur.  Cuisine équipée ( Cuisinière, micro-onde, bouilloire), machine à café Malongo et machine à thé (capsules fournies).
12888	"The apartment is located on the first floor of a building of the 30s on a pedestrian street.  All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer. It's an apartment for 6 people maximum with 3 bedrooms, with an ""american kitchen"" it's mean opened on the living room, television 46 '' and high speed Internet wifi. The building is secured with interphone and concierge and has an elevator. Secured VINCI Parking with extra charges is available 8' minutes walk from the appartment. Price depends on the duration of the stay (24 hours : around 20 euros/ 1 week around 55 euros...) APARTMENT WITH 3 BEDROOMS FOR 6 PERSONS Living room with a corner sofa, and an other one for dining room. Bedroom n°1 with 1 double bed (160x200cm), bedroom n°2 with 1 double bed (160x200cm) bedroom n°3 with 1 double bed (140x200cm), equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, WC apart, television, Wifi. KITCHEN FACILITIES - Pots/Pans/Dishes- Vacuum cleaner- Ironing board & flat-iron- Fridge- Dishwasher- Cle"	"Nice loft of 1238 square feet with 3 bedrooms with double bed. Contemporary decoration, 5 minutes walk from Paris Porte de Versailles Exhibition Center it's a great location for exhibitors looking for rest and for tourists for space and quiet  ! The apartment is located on the first floor of a building of the 30s on a pedestrian street.  All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer. It's an apartment for 6 people maximum with 3 bedrooms, with an ""american kitchen"" it's mean opened on the living room, television 46 '' and high speed Internet wifi. The building is secured with interphone and concierge and has an elevator. Secured VINCI Parking with extra charges is available 8' minutes walk from the appartment. Price depends on the duration of the stay (24 hours : around 20 euros/ 1 week around 55 euros...) APARTMENT WITH 3 BEDROOMS FOR 6 PERSONS Living room with a corner sofa, and an other one for dining room. Bedroom n°1 with 1 double bed (160x200cm), bedroom n°2 w"
12889	Logement entièrement refait neuf. Superbe vue panoramique sur la Tour Eiffel et Paris au calme dans un immeuble entouré d'un petit jardin très fleuri et sécurisé dans un quartier jeune et commerçant. Métro Dupleix,  Motte Picquet et Bir-Hakem Bus 42 J'habite dans le même immeuble, et je peux renseigner les voyageurs sur les lieux touristiques, les restaurants et commerces. Quartier Dupleix - très commerçant avec de nombreux restaurants proche de la Tour Eiffel et des musées, idéal pour visiter Paris.   Métro : DUPLEIX, la Motte Picquet, Emile Zola proche RER C et ligne 12 Bus 42, vélib, autolib arrivée 18 heures départ 12 heures	Studio dans immeuble moderne, rue calme au 9ème étage ascenseur à 5mm de la Tour Eiffel,quartier Dupleix, très  confortable : entrée, cuisine équipée, chambre avec balcon vue  sur la Tour Eiffel et tout Paris, salle de bains, digicode, concierge, Logement entièrement refait neuf. Superbe vue panoramique sur la Tour Eiffel et Paris au calme dans un immeuble entouré d'un petit jardin très fleuri et sécurisé dans un quartier jeune et commerçant. Métro Dupleix,  Motte Picquet et Bir-Hakem Bus 42 J'habite dans le même immeuble, et je peux renseigner les voyageurs sur les lieux touristiques, les restaurants et commerces. Quartier Dupleix - très commerçant avec de nombreux restaurants proche de la Tour Eiffel et des musées, idéal pour visiter Paris.   Métro : DUPLEIX, la Motte Picquet, Emile Zola proche RER C et ligne 12 Bus 42, vélib, autolib arrivée 18 heures départ 12 heures Métro Dupleix,  Motte Picquet et Bir-Hakem Bus 42 J'habite dans le même immeuble, et je peux renseigner les voyageur
12890		저희 엔젤인 파리 콘도는 안전한 15구, 에펠탑 도보 8분거리, 28층에 위치한 콘도로 지하철역(6호선 비하켐(에펠역), 10호선 샤를미셀 역)에서 5분 이내거리이며, 주변에는 한인식당, 한인마트, 대형쇼핑몰, 대형마켓, 맥도날드, 스타벅스 등 다양한 상권이 발달해 있습니다. 주요관광지인 에펠탑, 세느강, 유람선, 루브르, 오르세, 국회의사당 등 15분거리에 도보 또는 지하철로 이동가능하며, 밤 늦게 귀가하셔도 전혀 문제 없는 안전한 콘도입니다
12891	Si vous avez envie de passer votre séjour parisien dans un cadre agréable, lumineux,charmant, propre et confortable alors vous êtes au bon endroit!  Appartement de 36 m2 dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris, à 10 minutes de Montparnasse en métro (15 minute de chez moi) et donc un accès très rapide au centre de Paris, à 25 minutes à pieds du champ de mars (Tour Eiffel) si vous désirez vous balader plutôt que prendre les transports, ou encore très proche du parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles si vous venez pour un salon. L'appartement a été refait à neuf il y a 4 ans. Celui-ci comporte une grande entrée, une cuisine indépendante, un séjour (avec balcon), une chambre (avec balcon) et une grande salle de bain (avec toilettes et baignoire). L'appartement se situe en hauteur (avec ascenseur), le parquet au sol et la vue dégagée donnent un charme et une luminosité particulière et plutôt rare à Paris (en été le soleil se couche en face).  La décoration de l'appartement est moderne tout e	Si vous avez envie de passer votre séjour parisien dans un cadre agréable, lumineux,charmant, propre et confortable alors vous êtes au bon endroit!  Appartement de 36 m2 dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris, à 10 minutes de Montparnasse en métro (15 minute de chez moi) et donc un accès très rapide au centre de Paris, à 25 minutes à pieds du champ de mars (Tour Eiffel) si vous désirez vous balader plutôt que prendre les transports, ou encore très proche du parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles si vous venez pour un salon. L'appartement a été refait à neuf il y a 4 ans. Celui-ci comporte une grande entrée, une cuisine indépendante, un séjour (avec balcon), une chambre (avec balcon) et une grande salle de bain (avec toilettes et baignoire). L'appartement se situe en hauteur (avec ascenseur), le parquet au sol et la vue dégagée donnent un charme et une luminosité particulière et plutôt rare à Paris (en été le soleil se couche en face).  La décoration de l'appartement est moderne tout e
12892	This modern and tastefully decorated 90  square meters , 2 Bedrooms, apartment is located on avenue Emile Zola in the 15th arrondissement Motte Picquet Grenelle, on the first French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 6 people.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, balcony.  Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils are furnished. The building is equipped with : elevator, security code and air conditioning. 	Large apartment : 90 meters square with 2 separated bedrooms up to 6 guests. First floor with elevator. Air conditioning in the flat. Large kitchen full equipped . 2 metros stations direct to Opera, Champs Elysée or Montparnasse , Saint Germain This modern and tastefully decorated 90  square meters , 2 Bedrooms, apartment is located on avenue Emile Zola in the 15th arrondissement Motte Picquet Grenelle, on the first French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 6 people.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, balcony.  Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils are furnished. The building is equipped with : elevator, security code and air conditioning. Entire apartment for our guests We keep in touch in case of problem during the stay. Paris -West close to Eiffel tower and Invalides. river SEINE bank. that is very pleasant area. Getting around and shopping In addition to the market 
12893		Studio 11m2 Avenue de Segur près de UNESCO  Douche, lavabo, kitchenette, WIFI, lit 1 place.
12894	Appartement lumineux et acces transports tres facile bus 42 qui circule dans les quartiers touristiques ainsi que le metro a cinq minutes ligne 8 et 12	Appartement cosy de 45m2 dans un immeuble calme et proche  de toutes commodité  et commerce à 5 minutes a pieds et a 15 minutes des champs elysees en transport dotée d une chambre et d un salon pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes en couchages Appartement lumineux et acces transports tres facile bus 42 qui circule dans les quartiers touristiques ainsi que le metro a cinq minutes ligne 8 et 12 Acces a tout ds l appartement sauf a mon armoire mes affaires personnelles y sont Si besoin je reste très disponible mais mes hôtes seront seuls dans mon appartement Beaucoup de commerce et quartier sure pharmacie a 100 metre  monoprix , poste a 800 metres ainsi qu un Starbucks et de tres bonnes boulangerie. Ligne8 direction balard arrêt boucicaut ou felix faure ligne 12 arret convention Immeuble calme donc soyez discret merci ne pas tirer sur les stores fragile merci
12895	You will be under the charm of this appartement located in the 15th district close to the gardens of the Invalides and in the continuity of Rue de Sèvres with its famous « Bon Marché ».  By 20 mn walk you reach the Eiffel Tower ou the brand new luxury mall “Beaugrenelle”. 3 different subway lines are available: the air subway line 6 at Sèvres Lecourbe station, the line 12 at Volontaires station nd the 10 at Ségur station. Montparnasse train station (email hidden) walk, and taxi are available in Vaugrirard street less than 200 meters away. A “velib” station is also available almost in front of the apartment to easily visit Paris by bike. The flat contains 1 bedroom with a double bed, a living room with flat TV screen, internet through wifi, a bathroom, and a kitchen fully equipped. 	This former artist's studio of 50 m², on the 4th floor with elevator, offers a gorgeous living room with very high ceilings, calm, bathed in light and well decorated. You'll enjoy your stay You will be under the charm of this appartement located in the 15th district close to the gardens of the Invalides and in the continuity of Rue de Sèvres with its famous « Bon Marché ».  By 20 mn walk you reach the Eiffel Tower ou the brand new luxury mall “Beaugrenelle”. 3 different subway lines are available: the air subway line 6 at Sèvres Lecourbe station, the line 12 at Volontaires station nd the 10 at Ségur station. Montparnasse train station (email hidden) walk, and taxi are available in Vaugrirard street less than 200 meters away. A “velib” station is also available almost in front of the apartment to easily visit Paris by bike. The flat contains 1 bedroom with a double bed, a living room with flat TV screen, internet through wifi, a bathroom, and a kitchen fully equipped. 
12896		Joli studio de 15 m2 très bien situé, propre et bien équipé.  Il est composé d'une pièce centrale avec canapé-lit et petit bar avec tabourets hauts, d'un coin cuisine, d'une salle de bain et d'un balcon (orientation plein sud et sans vis à vis). Idéal pour un déplacement professionnel ou pour visiter Paris ! A moins de 10 min à pied du Parc Expo de la porte de Versailles, il est bien desservi, à 4 min à pied de la station de métro Lourmel (M8), ou du tramway T3. Je suis à votre disposition si vous avez une question ou si vous avez besoin d'un renseignement. Quartier agréable et idéal se trouvant à moins de 10 minutes à pied du Parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles et de Aquaboulevard.  Pour les balades, vous avez également un accès à la coulée verte (Petite couronne de Paris) juste au bout de la rue.  Supermarchés et petits commerces à proximité. Métro 8 Lourmel ou Balard  Métro 12 Porte de Versailles  Tramway T3 desnouettes  Bus 39 Lycée Louis Armand
12897	PLEASE ALWAYS CHECK WITH ME FOR AVAILABILITY BEFORE BOOKING MAY/JUNE/JULY/AUGUST BOOKINGS ONE WEEK MINIMUM All of Paris at your command from this light, airy, spacious apartment (670 sq.ft /62m2)on the top floor (with elevator) of a pleasant 1930s building on a quiet street just one minute from the Bir Hakeim (Eiffel Tower) metro station (line 6). The bedroom sleeps 1 or 2 people, with accommodation for a third person in a study with comfortable sofa bed. The apartment has windows on both sides, so you get sunlight all day long. There is a large living/dining area and fully equipped kitchen.  It’s just a short stroll to the Eiffel Tower, the Seine,the Bateaux Mouches and the spectacular Quai Branly Museum. Metro and bus routes get you in minutes to the Arc de Triomphe, the Louvre, Montmartre, the Marais, and all the key sites in Paris. From the neighbouring RER station it's a direct, short ride to the Invalides, the Orsay Museum, the Latin Quarter and Notre Dame cathedral, or the outly	PLEASE ALWAYS CHECK WITH ME FOR AVAILABILITY BEFORE BOOKING MAY/JUNE/JULY/AUGUST BOOKINGS ONE WEEK MINIMUM All of Paris at your command from this light, airy, spacious apartment (670 sq.ft /62m2)on the top floor (with elevator) of a pleasant 1930s building on a quiet street just one minute from the Bir Hakeim (Eiffel Tower) metro station (line 6). The bedroom sleeps 1 or 2 people, with accommodation for a third person in a study with comfortable sofa bed. The apartment has windows on both sides, so you get sunlight all day long. There is a large living/dining area and fully equipped kitchen.  It’s just a short stroll to the Eiffel Tower, the Seine,the Bateaux Mouches and the spectacular Quai Branly Museum. Metro and bus routes get you in minutes to the Arc de Triomphe, the Louvre, Montmartre, the Marais, and all the key sites in Paris. From the neighbouring RER station it's a direct, short ride to the Invalides, the Orsay Museum, the Latin Quarter and Notre Dame cathedral, or the outly
12898	Notre appartement est situé dans le quartier commerce, qui est très animé le jour par ses magasins et ses terrasses de café et plus calme la nuit. L'appartement de 30 m2 possède une chambre, une SDB avec douche et toilette et une cuisine/salle à manger tout équipé ainsi qu'un lave linge.	"The appartment is 15 minutes by foot from the Eiffel Tower. It's 200m from the metro commerce and you have everything you need (restaurant, supermarket, market, parc) in the aera we live. Our appartment is perfect for a couple for holydays in Paris Of course you ask us what ever you want, we try to answer as good as possible The appartment is very close from the eifeel Tower, only 15 minutes by foot. The neighborhood is very nice, the ""rue du commerce"" is full of shops and restaurants. We will enjoy it !! We are very close from the metro  ligne 8 commerce (200m) ligne 6 La motte piquet (800m) ligne 10 Avenue Emile Zola (400) And from many bus stops It's forbidden to bring animals in our appartment because my girlfriend is allergic; thanks  it's forbidden to smoke also...we do not smoke so I think we can easy go downstair to smoke in the very nice square"
12899	Studio de 32m carrés situé en plein 15e arrondissement de Paris. Tout équipé (lave-linge, électroménager), cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec baignoire, long couloir d'entrée.	Beau studio Parisien de type Haussmannien, avec parquet en bois ancien, grande pièce principale, cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec baignoire.  Bien situé, dans la rue de la Convention, métros Boucicaut (ligne 8) et Convention (ligne 12), Bus 62. Studio de 32m carrés situé en plein 15e arrondissement de Paris. Tout équipé (lave-linge, électroménager), cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec baignoire, long couloir d'entrée. Je loue l'intégralité du studio. Je serais disponible pour vous aider lors de votre séjour, joignable par téléphone et via le site Airbnb ; si je me trouve absente de la capitale et que ma présence est requise, mon ami de longue date, Virgil, vous viendra en aide, effectuera la remise des clés, etc. Le studio se situe à 4min de marche de la station de Métro Boucicaut sur la ligne 8 ; à 7min de marche de la station de Métro Convention sur la ligne 12. Le bus ligne 62 passe très régulièrement à 3min de marche de l'appartement, aux arrêts Félix Faure. Mon studio abrite da
