27900		Studio de 17m2 très calme et lumineux au coeur du quartier Oberkampf/Parmentier. Comprend un coin chambre (canapé-lit 2places) et un coin cuisine. Equipé: four/micro-onde, machine à linge, TV et accès wifi.  WC dans la SDB. 4ème étage(sans ascenseur)
27901	The space is 38 meter square with one bedroom and living room with a dining table and a sofa, the kitchen is fully equipped  Very Parisian, lively and trendy neighbourhood, located east of Paris, you can enjoy all the different aspect of Paris: from local bistro and bars to world class restaurants. In addition to cemetery Pere Lachaise close by, a must to visit. The flat is a Walking distance from Bastille and the canal St Martin. The place is nearby to metro lines 9 and 2, and it is close to  RER A that connects to Disneyland, Champs Elysées and la Defense.	Located on a calm paved alley, the flat has no building opposite the living room, it is on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building from the 1900, you will have the sun all morning till mid afternoon, shining through the house. The space is 38 meter square with one bedroom and living room with a dining table and a sofa, the kitchen is fully equipped  Very Parisian, lively and trendy neighbourhood, located east of Paris, you can enjoy all the different aspect of Paris: from local bistro and bars to world class restaurants. In addition to cemetery Pere Lachaise close by, a must to visit. The flat is a Walking distance from Bastille and the canal St Martin. The place is nearby to metro lines 9 and 2, and it is close to  RER A that connects to Disneyland, Champs Elysées and la Defense. Internet Kitchen equipments Bed sheets Towels As it is my living space in Paris, I do rent it when I am away, so we will interact through emails or by phone, and a friend in my neighbourhood will receive
27902		Ideally located in the 11th district, between Bastille and Père Lachaise, this charming studio apartment, light and fully equipped will allow you to to chill out after a day walking around the  city of lights. 
27903	You will feel at home in this elegant 55m2 (560ft2) apartment. It is fully equipped, with washer/dryer, gas stove, coffee machine, Nespresso machine, refrigerator/freezer, vacuum cleaner and wireless internet, 2 new FANS. Nestled under the roof in a calm building overlooking tennis courts. Two bedrooms, one with a double bed, the other with bunk beds, possibility bed for baby. The bathroom is equipped with a bath/shower and a separate toilet. Wooden flooring and the occasional wooden beam are typical features of buildings in this 11th Arrondisement. Minimum stay is 3 nights for 2 personns (double bed)  Minimum stay is 5 nignts for 3 /4 personns Please don’t hesitate to contact us with your questions. in AUGUST Possibility to book for a week SPECIALl Price:  for a couple 800 euros +frais airbnb                                                           3/4 personns 900 euros +frais airbnb	Charming two-bedroom apartment on the 3rd and last floor, calm, giving into a quiet courtyard.  Apartment is fully equipped, sheets and towels are provided and two new fans.  It is situated in a lively area close to all commoditie. You will feel at home in this elegant 55m2 (560ft2) apartment. It is fully equipped, with washer/dryer, gas stove, coffee machine, Nespresso machine, refrigerator/freezer, vacuum cleaner and wireless internet, 2 new FANS. Nestled under the roof in a calm building overlooking tennis courts. Two bedrooms, one with a double bed, the other with bunk beds, possibility bed for baby. The bathroom is equipped with a bath/shower and a separate toilet. Wooden flooring and the occasional wooden beam are typical features of buildings in this 11th Arrondisement. Minimum stay is 3 nights for 2 personns (double bed)  Minimum stay is 5 nignts for 3 /4 personns Please don’t hesitate to contact us with your questions. in AUGUST Possibility to book for a week SPECIALl Price:  
27904	Bâtiment de 1908.  Appartement tout confort au moulures typiquement parisiennes. 	Bâtiment de 1908.  Appartement tout confort au moulures typiquement parisiennes.  2ème étage, 1ère porte à droite Par e-mail Au coeur d'un quartier vivant et agréable.  Proche tous commerces.  Ligne 2 et 3 métro Père-Lachaise Bus 61 et 69
27905	The flat is very nicely decorated and entirely new. There's a separate bedroom with a comfortable bed and a sofa bed (sleeps 1).	"Beautiful studio, nicely decorated, with a separate bedroom. Ideal to live a typical ""parisian style"" experience. The neighborhood is very trendy and very well connected to major tourist attractions in Paris. Fully equipped (incl. washing machine) The flat is very nicely decorated and entirely new. There's a separate bedroom with a comfortable bed and a sofa bed (sleeps 1). A separate storage room is accessible and will allow our guests to keep their bags before check in and after check out as long as they need! A key box is also installed to facilitate the check in and check out process. It's a very trendy neighborhood with lots of bars, cafes and restaurants nearby.  The metro station is 5 minutes walking from the flat! 3rd floor, no elevator"
27906		Paris Centre proche Bastille. Appartement calme, lumineux et confortable situé dans le quartier authentique de Charonne (XIe) proche du métro, des bus et des commerces ; Chambre idéale pour un couple, salle de bains avec douche, cuisine parfaitement
27907	This 98 square meters newly fully renovated apartment is composed with two spacious bedrooms. The master bedroom has a queen size bed and plenty of  storage space. The second bedroom is equipped with too single bed  and again a large cupboard with allow you a lot of storage space.  The living area with is approximatively 45 square meters, is composed with a dining table where 6 quest can sit comfortably. The kitchen area is brand new and fully equipped with high quality appliances (dishwasher, washer/dryer, oven, microwave, kettle, coffee maker.... This large sofa can accommodate the 6 guest easily for a night in watching the cable TV. On top of being very airy, this room is very bright due to the windows giving onto two streets.	Located on rue Amelot in Le Marais at Saint-Sebastien Froissart métro, this newly renovated luxury 2-bedroom apartment is suitable for 6 persons comfortably. Ideal for 2 couple or a family wishing to discover the Paris as a true Parisian. This apartment has the charm of Haussmannian apartments with parquet (wooden) floor. These features work perfectly with modern furniture, thus creating a warm and comfortable interior where you and your family will spend an unforgettable stay ! This 98 square meters newly fully renovated apartment is composed with two spacious bedrooms. The master bedroom has a queen size bed and plenty of  storage space. The second bedroom is equipped with too single bed  and again a large cupboard with allow you a lot of storage space.  The living area with is approximatively 45 square meters, is composed with a dining table where 6 quest can sit comfortably. The kitchen area is brand new and fully equipped with high quality appliances (dishwasher, washer/dryer, ove
27908	Il est original, calme, lumineux (double exposition) et très bien situé (3 lignes de métro à moins de 10 min).  Avec les poutres apparentes qui séparent le studio en deux, il dispose donc d'un coin chambre et d'un coin salon.	Un parfait pied à terre pour votre séjour à Paris! Studio original situé dans le 11e arrondissement près de République. 3 lignes de métro à moins de 5 min! Rue calme, studio à double exposition, commerces, bars, restaus,... Tout à proximité! Il est original, calme, lumineux (double exposition) et très bien situé (3 lignes de métro à moins de 10 min).  Avec les poutres apparentes qui séparent le studio en deux, il dispose donc d'un coin chambre et d'un coin salon. Je mets à disposition des voyageurs la clé Wifi.  Vous pourrez également utiliser le petit électroménager de la cuisine (cafetière, bouilloire, four, micro-onde, frigo).  L'utilisation de la machine à laver n'est pas autorisé pour les séjours courts (moins de 3 nuits). Tout au long de votre séjour, je serais à votre disposition par téléphone ou mail.  En mon absence, vous aurez toujours une personne de confiance à contacter dans les environs dont je vous communiquerais les coordonnées avant votre arrivée. En cas d'indisponibil
27909	The room gives on a nice and quiet garden. It is spacious, luminous and quiet.	1 large bedroom and a big living-room close to Bastille.  Internet and washing machine, several subway stations from different lines. The room gives on a nice and quiet garden. It is spacious, luminous and quiet. I will be happy to advise you for anything you may need... I'd be happy to show you the neighborhoods, the good restaurants, the good bars... If I hear about something nice to do in the evening, be sure I'll share it with you. Many comments on the room are saying the furniture is old and the flat isn't luxury. Well that is absolutely true. I love antics, it's a family tradition (by the way my father has his antic store just below the flat, he's very nice and the atmosphere is unequalled) There's two other rooms in the flat, one of whom may be also rented from times to times.
27910	Inside a beautiful loft ...Modern suite including a big bedroom, lounge/office, large private bathroom, 50 m².patio/garden to relax 50 m². Calm et clean. Use of large moderne kitchen for breakfast. Loft situated next to metro Couronnes & bus.Situated between Republique & Bastille.  Oberkampf area full of bars, shops, restaurants etc.	Inside a beautiful loft ...Modern suite including a big bedroom, lounge/office, large private bathroom, 50 m².patio/garden to relax 50 m². Calm et clean. Use of large moderne kitchen for breakfast. Loft situated next to metro Couronnes & bus.Situated between Republique & Bastille.  Oberkampf area full of bars, shops, restaurants etc.
27911	Lovely room in an apartment located in Paris center, in an area called BOBO - “bourgeois-bohèmes” - mixed culture and artists.  - Zone 1 (access around Paris) - cheaper  - Line 3 (east-west) – Parmentier station: 6 min walking : access to République, Bourse, Opéra, Gare Saint Lazare, ,,, - Line 5,8,9,11 – Republique station : 10 min walking : acces all Paris  The room : about 12,5 m², includes:  -Double-bed (140x200cm)  -TV with more than 100 channels  -Free high-speed Internet connection  -Free phone calls to land line in Europe and US  -Heating  -Shared kitchen with electronic stove, large electric oven, fridge, pots and pans, cooking supplies  -Shared Bathroom with sink, shower, toilet (separated), washing-machine.  -Price per night: 40 Euros for 1 person, 45 euro for 2 persons  -Normally check in hour after 13 pm, and check out on the weekday will be 8am to 9am, on the weekend can be more flexible.  If you need to leave your luggage after the check out, pls discuss the pick up time	Lovely room in an apartment located in Paris center, in an area called BOBO - “bourgeois-bohèmes” - mixed culture and artists.  - Zone 1 (access around Paris) - cheaper  - Line 3 (east-west) – Parmentier station: 6 min walking : access to République, Bourse, Opéra, Gare Saint Lazare, ,,, - Line 5,8,9,11 – Republique station : 10 min walking : acces all Paris  The room : about 12,5 m², includes:  -Double-bed (140x200cm)  -TV with more than 100 channels  -Free high-speed Internet connection  -Free phone calls to land line in Europe and US  -Heating  -Shared kitchen with electronic stove, large electric oven, fridge, pots and pans, cooking supplies  -Shared Bathroom with sink, shower, toilet (separated), washing-machine.  -Price per night: 40 Euros for 1 person, 45 euro for 2 persons  -Normally check in hour after 13 pm, and check out on the weekday will be 8am to 9am, on the weekend can be more flexible.  If you need to leave your luggage after the check out, pls discuss the pick up time
27912	Petite mais très fonctionnelle et tout confort : Douche, toilettes, cuisine équipée avec machine lavante-séchant, plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-ondes multifonctions, réfrigérateur et lave-vaisselle. Télévision avec lecteur DVD intégré. La vaisselle et le linge de lit et de toilette sont fournis. Couchage pour une personne en mezzanine, penderie et étagère. 	Petite chambre de bonne pour une personne au 6eme étage d'un immeuble situé au Bataclan. Elle est très bien équipée de manière à vous offrir un bon séjour étudiant ou touristique. Petite mais très fonctionnelle et tout confort : Douche, toilettes, cuisine équipée avec machine lavante-séchant, plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-ondes multifonctions, réfrigérateur et lave-vaisselle. Télévision avec lecteur DVD intégré. La vaisselle et le linge de lit et de toilette sont fournis. Couchage pour une personne en mezzanine, penderie et étagère. Je vous donne ma connexion freewifi qui permet de se connecter aux spots à travers tout Paris. Il s'agit d'un accès qui va avec mon abonnement. Je ne serai bien évidemment pas présente dans le logement mais tout à fait joignable pour toute question. Située au Bataclan, la chambre est au coeur du 11eme entre République et Bastille dans un quartier à la fois vivant et calme. Metro : Lignes 5 et 9 (Oberkampf) Bus : 96 ou 56 (Oberkampf - Richard Lenoir)
27913	Idéal studio situé dans un quartier vivant de Paris. Pièce principale avec canapé lit, télévision, kitchenette (micro-onde, plaque à induction, frigo) + salle de bain. Proche de gare de Lyon, gare du Nord et gare d'Austerlitz. Gare Montparnasse accessible en bus. 	Charmant studio situé juste à côté du cirque du soleil métro filles du calvaire / république / Oberkampf.  Idéal pour étudiants ou jeune couple.  Proche du quartier animé d'Oberkampf et à la frontière du quartier du marais. Idéal studio situé dans un quartier vivant de Paris. Pièce principale avec canapé lit, télévision, kitchenette (micro-onde, plaque à induction, frigo) + salle de bain. Proche de gare de Lyon, gare du Nord et gare d'Austerlitz. Gare Montparnasse accessible en bus. Quartier jeune et animé. Très agréable en été. Métro République (lignes 3,5,8,9 et 11) à 2 minutes à pied.
27914	Charming small apartment Belleville, bright, (email hidden)ly and popular. The subway at the bottom of the apartment. The swimming pool and gym at the bottom of the apartment as well. A real double bed room and a small office for one person. A lounge and open kitchen and a sleeping sofa are subjec welcome. Stereo, internet and wifi. The 4th floor. The apartment is very clear. Belleville market on Tuesday and Friday. 80 euros per night . . Charmant petit appartement Bellevillois, lumineux, dans un quartier vivant et populaire. Le métro en bas de l'appartement. La piscine et une salle de sport en bas de l'appartement également. Une vrai chambre et un petit bureau pour un couchage a lit simple . Un salon et cuisine ouverte et son canapé peut acceuillir un couchage d'une personne. Chaine stéréo, internet et wifi. Au 4eme étage. L'appartement est très clair. Le marché de Belleville le mardi et le vendredi. Celui de la Villette le mercredi et le samedi. Métro Belleville.idéal pour 3 personne	Charming small apartment Belleville, bright, (email hidden)ly and popular. The subway at the bottom of the apartment. The swimming pool and gym at the bottom of the apartment as well. A real double bed room and a small office for one person. A lounge and open kitchen and a sleeping sofa are subjec welcome. Stereo, internet and wifi. The 4th floor. The apartment is very clear. Belleville market on Tuesday and Friday. 80 euros per night . . Charmant petit appartement Bellevillois, lumineux, dans un quartier vivant et populaire. Le métro en bas de l'appartement. La piscine et une salle de sport en bas de l'appartement également. Une vrai chambre et un petit bureau pour un couchage a lit simple . Un salon et cuisine ouverte et son canapé peut acceuillir un couchage d'une personne. Chaine stéréo, internet et wifi. Au 4eme étage. L'appartement est très clair. Le marché de Belleville le mardi et le vendredi. Celui de la Villette le mercredi et le samedi. Métro Belleville.idéal pour 3 personne
27915		Un petit appart. 50m2 en plein coeur du XIeme Arrondissement, proximité Père Lachaise, Bastille, Republique.. constitué de : - une cuisine/salle a manger,  - un salon/chambre,  - une chambre privative.  Équipé, lumineux, calme, cour privative.. Quartier dynamique, populaire, proche Cimetière/Cemetery Père Lachaise, à proximité bons restaurants, bars, supermarchés/grocery stors. Intérieur constitué de souvenirs de voyages, propre et authentique, personnalisé. Logement situé à 50m du Metro Voltaire, ligne 9 (verte/green). Logement situé à 50m des arrêts de Bus/Bus stops (phone number hidden). Logement situé à 50m des bornes de Taxi/Taxi stops. Logement situé à 50m des bornes d'accès libre/self service Velib' & Autolib'. Ma chatte/female cat vit entre l'intérieur et l'extérieur de l'appartement.
27916	The place is simple, cosy, convenient, and there's some special vibe in it that makes you feel good! Located on the 1st floor on the building's inner court, it is neither dark nore noisy, since it's away from the street. The apartement is a studio-type one, with a main room from more or less 22sqm, with a proper sleeping space (Queen size real bed, 140x190, fresh bed sheets provided), and accross it the living space, with a 2/3 person couch, a fully equiped kitchen (cooking vitro-plates, micro-wave, oven, fridge, and washing machine). There are 3 windows in the main room. There is a lot of storing place too. Bathroom is simple but easy, with a nice shower. Towels are provided too. Building is clean and people are friendly.	You'll feel at home in this -not too- small and -very- beautifull 26sqm studio apartement, nicely located in the heart of living Paris, where there's so much to discover ! The place is simple, cosy, convenient, and there's some special vibe in it that makes you feel good! Located on the 1st floor on the building's inner court, it is neither dark nore noisy, since it's away from the street. The apartement is a studio-type one, with a main room from more or less 22sqm, with a proper sleeping space (Queen size real bed, 140x190, fresh bed sheets provided), and accross it the living space, with a 2/3 person couch, a fully equiped kitchen (cooking vitro-plates, micro-wave, oven, fridge, and washing machine). There are 3 windows in the main room. There is a lot of storing place too. Bathroom is simple but easy, with a nice shower. Towels are provided too. Building is clean and people are friendly. I'll be there for checking you in and out; in between, just help yourself!! Be sure to fully re
27917	2 rooms apartment of 27m2. A double bed in the bedroom, a sofa bed in the lounge in front of the fireplace. Fully equipped kitchen : oven, electric burners (induction), refrigerator, freezer, washer-dryer... Bathroom and separate WC. Wireless internet (wifi access), stereo with CDs (and plug to listen your own music!) and TV / DVD. Warning : the arrangement of the living-room has changed ! (check picture 04/2015) In a quiet street near the Oberkampf street, known for its restaurants and bars, and Menilmontant with the picturesque charm.  Walking is the best way to discover Ménilmontant, until the top of Belleville's hill - with many stops in little cafés... You'll find everything on Oberkampf St. : all food shops (baker, pastry, butcher, cheese... and little supermarket) during day time ;  many bars with terrace for cocktail hour ; restaurants for dinner... And if you want to party, check the Nouveau Casino's line up (3mn walk) ! Steps from metro (lines 2, Ménilmontant and line 3, St M	2 rooms apartment of 27m2. A double bed in the bedroom, a sofa bed in the lounge in front of the fireplace. Fully equipped kitchen : oven, electric burners (induction), refrigerator, freezer, washer-dryer... Bathroom and separate WC. Wireless internet (wifi access), stereo with CDs (and plug to listen your own music!) and TV / DVD. Warning : the arrangement of the living-room has changed ! (check picture 04/2015) In a quiet street near the Oberkampf street, known for its restaurants and bars, and Menilmontant with the picturesque charm.  Walking is the best way to discover Ménilmontant, until the top of Belleville's hill - with many stops in little cafés... You'll find everything on Oberkampf St. : all food shops (baker, pastry, butcher, cheese... and little supermarket) during day time ;  many bars with terrace for cocktail hour ; restaurants for dinner... And if you want to party, check the Nouveau Casino's line up (3mn walk) ! Steps from metro (lines 2, Ménilmontant and line 3, St M
27918	Very nice to live in for you can enjoy the joyful hustle  and bustle of the street while you are safe from noise thanks to double-glazed windows and the height ( 5th floor )	"       A cosy, quiet and  light  2 room flat in one of the most popular neighbourhoods in Paris, ideal for 2 people Very nice to live in for you can enjoy the joyful hustle  and bustle of the street while you are safe from noise thanks to double-glazed windows and the height ( 5th floor ) It provides a  large bedroom  looking out on to the street,  furnished with a Japanese style double bed, ( a thick futon on tatami ) ; and a snug living room with fully equipped open kitchen , looking out on to a backyard for a late breakfast on sunny mornings ! During your stay you can anytime contact me for places to go out in Paris, music , theater, restaurants, shops,... Lots of  pleasant bars and restaurants nearby : "" La Place Verte"","" le Charbon"" , "" l'Estaminet"", "" Le Cannibale"", ""Le Perchoir"", "" Le Café Ménilmontant"", ""La Bellevilloise""..... Bakeries and groceries open all night long ! 3 underground stations within short walking distance : Ménilmontant ( Line 2), Rue Saint Maur (Line 3) and G"
27919	Hi ! welcome to my nice duplex flat. you can see the stars on Paris from the room ! My flat is really atypic and peaceful. you are welcome !	Hi ! welcome to my nice duplex flat. you can see the stars on Paris from the room ! My flat is really atypic and peaceful. you are welcome ! Hi ! welcome to my nice duplex flat. you can see the stars on Paris from the room ! My flat is really atypic and peaceful. you are welcome ! The hole house is for you
27920	address : Rue Servan, 75011 Area : Republique, Saint Ambroise, Oberkampf, Paris 11th arrondissement quiet condominium and location easily accessible by public transportation : métro Saint Ambroise, Rue Saint Maur, bus lines : (phone number hidden) supermarkets within walking distance To rent a 130 square ft. (13M2) private room in a very nice first floor3 rooms 620 square ft. (58 M2) apartment 1st floor.  Possibility to have a double bed or two single beds. a wardrobe with hanging space. Bed-sheets, pillows and blanket,shower towels are furnished. To share : equipped  kitchen, big bathroom with shower and bath, toilette, washing machine, wi-fi access . No smoking.	address : Rue Servan, 75011 Area : Republique, Saint Ambroise, Oberkampf, Paris 11th arrondissement quiet condominium and location easily accessible by public transportation : métro Saint Ambroise, Rue Saint Maur, bus lines : (phone number hidden) supermarkets within walking distance To rent a 130 square ft. (13M2) private room in a very nice first floor3 rooms 620 square ft. (58 M2) apartment 1st floor.  Possibility to have a double bed or two single beds. a wardrobe with hanging space. Bed-sheets, pillows and blanket,shower towels are furnished. To share : equipped  kitchen, big bathroom with shower and bath, toilette, washing machine, wi-fi access . No smoking. Area : Republique, Place Voltaire(Leon Blum), Saint Ambroise Paris 11th arrondissementquiet condominium and location easily accessible by public transportation : métro Saint Ambroise, Rue Saint Maur, bus lines : (phone number hidden) 
27921	"This is a 2 room's flat, next to Voltaire place, very close to Bastille and ""Le Marais"" (10 minutes by walking). There is a bedroom (2 places) and a lounge with sofa-bed (2 more places), which make it a 4 places flat. There is also a kitchen with all equipments (cooker, fridge and washing machine) and a bathroom with shower and sink. Separate toilets. This is  a very nice neighborhood with many shops and restaurants. You will enjoy the quiet of the flat which is located close to Oberkampf street and its many bars if you fancy a bit of animation. There is a subway station at Voltaire place and a lot of bus lines which leed to many places in Paris downtown (such as Châtelet, Louvre, Bastille, République, Champs de Mars, etc)."	"This is a 2 room's flat, next to Voltaire place, very close to Bastille and ""Le Marais"" (10 minutes by walking). There is a bedroom (2 places) and a lounge with sofa-bed (2 more places), which make it a 4 places flat. There is also a kitchen with all equipments (cooker, fridge and washing machine) and a bathroom with shower and sink. Separate toilets. This is  a very nice neighborhood with many shops and restaurants. You will enjoy the quiet of the flat which is located close to Oberkampf street and its many bars if you fancy a bit of animation. There is a subway station at Voltaire place and a lot of bus lines which leed to many places in Paris downtown (such as Châtelet, Louvre, Bastille, République, Champs de Mars, etc). To Internet! And  Wi-Fi there! We wont be there, but have friends just at the third floor of the building, so they will give you the keys and help you if you need something ! We are close to Gare de Lyon and we have the ligne 9 of the Métro, at 1 minutes from the ap"
27922	Spacieux et très ensoleillé, cet appartement est un havre de confort dans un quartier animé de Paris. Avec ses deux chambres ( un lit king size et un lit deux places standart) il peut loger un total de 4 personnes confortablement. 	Spacieux et très ensoleillé, cet appartement est un havre de confort dans un quartier animé de Paris. Avec ses deux chambres ( un lit king size et un lit deux places standart) il peut loger un total de 4 personnes confortablement.  Cuisine avec tous ses équipements (lave-vaisselle), télévision, wifi, machine à laver le linge... Nous serons là autant que possible pour accueillir nos hôtes, leur expliquer le fonctionnement de l'appartement et leur donner nos meilleures adresses dans le quartier et alentours. Les rues sont vastes, les terrasses ensoleillées. Nous sommes à cheval entre le populaire Ménilmontant, ses restaurants, ses bars et ses terrasses de café et le 11ème arrondissement branché. A quelques mètres de chez nous se situe l'entrée du cimetière du Père-Lachaise où sont enterrés Edith Piaf, Jim Morrisson, Yves montand ou encore Oscar Wilde : sans doute le plus incroyable endroit de Paris. Juste en bas de l'immeuble passent 2 lignes de métro (la 3 et la 2) qui désservent en lig
27923	"FULLY RENOVATED THREE YEARS AGO - NON SMOKING ***Location*** Very conveniently situated close to all commodities, our newly renovated apartment is set in the heart of the trendy ""Oberkampf"" district, with all the hip cafés and fashionable restaurants at your doorstep. Close by are also the pleasant ""Marais"" and lively ""Bastille"" districts, as well as the famous ""Canal St Martin"" where the Parisians gather to enjoy the waterside on Sunday afternoons... ***Description*** The apartment is on the 3rd and last floor of a typically Parisian stone building. Its facade gives onto a large cobble-stoned courtyard. The apartment is very sunny and is extremely quiet. It equiped to a very high standard. The nearby metro stations make it an ideal base to explore the city, with easy connections to all the main monuments, museums and famous sites. — The apartment is 21 sqm (230 sqft) and can comfortably sleep three — It has a main room with real bed, coffee table and dining table with four chairs — A "	"FULLY RENOVATED THREE YEARS AGO - NON SMOKING ***Location*** Very conveniently situated close to all commodities, our newly renovated apartment is set in the heart of the trendy ""Oberkampf"" district, with all the hip cafés and fashionable restaurants at your doorstep. Close by are also the pleasant ""Marais"" and lively ""Bastille"" districts, as well as the famous ""Canal St Martin"" where the Parisians gather to enjoy the waterside on Sunday afternoons... ***Description*** The apartment is on the 3rd and last floor of a typically Parisian stone building. Its facade gives onto a large cobble-stoned courtyard. The apartment is very sunny and is extremely quiet. It equiped to a very high standard. The nearby metro stations make it an ideal base to explore the city, with easy connections to all the main monuments, museums and famous sites. — The apartment is 21 sqm (230 sqft) and can comfortably sleep three — It has a main room with real bed, coffee table and dining table with four chairs — A "
27924		Mini-appartement tout équipé au 1er étage, moderne et ‘cosy’. Peut loger deux personnes en couple, équipé de canapé-lit. Il est situé au cœur du 11ème arrondissement parisien, avec ses bistrots typiques, ses boutiques, ses boulangeries. Métro proche. Métro plus proche: station COURONNES
27925	"Located in a very trendy parisian area, our appartment (1st floor) is cosy and the private room can welcome 2 people (1 doubled bed) You can also enjoy all the facilities of the flat. The living room is composed of a couch/TV/internet, diner table and is pretty lovely decorated.  The kitchen is equiped with an oven, cooking grates, a fridge, a wash machine. Going out : it's easy to go out and have fun in this area, you're just at 5 min on foot of the very famous and lively Oberkampf area .There are plenty of bars, restaurants (best burger in Paris at Justine's!!), live music places... Transports :  There are 2 metro lines serving our place : = line 3 - station ""Rue saint-Maur"" = line 2 - station "" Père Lachaise"" (Direct from the international train station ""Gare du Nord"") At only 2 minutes in metro, you can reach the station ""République"" where you can find 4 metro lines which perfectly serve Paris. "	"Located in a very trendy parisian area, our appartment (1st floor) is cosy and the private room can welcome 2 people (1 doubled bed) You can also enjoy all the facilities of the flat. The living room is composed of a couch/TV/internet, diner table and is pretty lovely decorated.  The kitchen is equiped with an oven, cooking grates, a fridge, a wash machine. Going out : it's easy to go out and have fun in this area, you're just at 5 min on foot of the very famous and lively Oberkampf area .There are plenty of bars, restaurants (best burger in Paris at Justine's!!), live music places... Transports :  There are 2 metro lines serving our place : = line 3 - station ""Rue saint-Maur"" = line 2 - station "" Père Lachaise"" (Direct from the international train station ""Gare du Nord"") At only 2 minutes in metro, you can reach the station ""République"" where you can find 4 metro lines which perfectly serve Paris. "
27926	I hope you enjoy your stay in the city of Love ! Our apartment is located between Republique and Bastille ( 10 min walk ) and close to Marais, so very central and lots to see in the surrounding areas. There's the Metro ( subway ) nearby with the lines 8, 5 and 9. It has a big surface for Parisian standards and it has a living room (your room for the stay) with a very comfortable convertible couch (double bed), one bathroom, a very nice kitchen and a balcony with a nice little table and a couple of chairs to enjoy the sunny afternoons. WE LIVE IN THE FLAT but we're not home all day long so you'll have your privacy. I’m pretty sure you’re going to have a great time here ! Take a few minutes to look through the guidebook when you have a chance. You will learn how everything works, the rules, the best spots in the neighborhood (restaurants, clubs, bars, things to do, etc.) and a few maps. A few interesting spots in the area: Merci, ZeroZero, Bataclan,  Hope you enjoy the area !	I hope you enjoy your stay in the city of Love ! Our apartment is located between Republique and Bastille ( 10 min walk ) and close to Marais, so very central and lots to see in the surrounding areas. There's the Metro ( subway ) nearby with the lines 8, 5 and 9. It has a big surface for Parisian standards and it has a living room (your room for the stay) with a very comfortable convertible couch (double bed), one bathroom, a very nice kitchen and a balcony with a nice little table and a couple of chairs to enjoy the sunny afternoons. WE LIVE IN THE FLAT but we're not home all day long so you'll have your privacy. I’m pretty sure you’re going to have a great time here ! Take a few minutes to look through the guidebook when you have a chance. You will learn how everything works, the rules, the best spots in the neighborhood (restaurants, clubs, bars, things to do, etc.) and a few maps. A few interesting spots in the area: Merci, ZeroZero, Bataclan,  Hope you enjoy the area ! For very ea
27927	Two-room apartment on the 5th floor, with typical Parisian balcony. Can host up to 4 people. Many restaurants and shops nearby. A few minutes walk from Oberkampf, Père Lachaise and Bastille. Walking distance to 4 subway lines. My 2 room flat is yours while I'm on vacation.  It's located in the trendy 11th arrondissement, 5mn walk from rue Oberkampf and its famous bars, 5mn walks from Père Lachaise and 20mn walk from Bastille and Le Marais. There's a direct subway to Champs Elysees  (around 20mn) and to Trocadero for a spectacular view on the Eiffel Tower (around 30mn)  The flat is on the 5th floor (no elevator sorry, but it's good for health...) and has been renovated 3 years ago. It is fully equipped, and is perfect for a single person or couple, but it can also suit for 4 people if you need (you'll just be a bit tight but it's liveable). It has a small typical parisian balcony on which two people can have breakfast or lunch on sunny days .  It is well connected, with 3 subway lines a	Two-room apartment on the 5th floor, with typical small Parisian balcony. Sleeps up to 4 people. Many restaurants and shops nearby. A few minutes walk from Oberkampf and Bastille. 4 metro lines nearby. Two-room apartment on the 5th floor, with typical Parisian balcony. Can host up to 4 people. Many restaurants and shops nearby. A few minutes walk from Oberkampf, Père Lachaise and Bastille. Walking distance to 4 subway lines. My 2 room flat is yours while I'm on vacation.  It's located in the trendy 11th arrondissement, 5mn walk from rue Oberkampf and its famous bars, 5mn walks from Père Lachaise and 20mn walk from Bastille and Le Marais. There's a direct subway to Champs Elysees  (around 20mn) and to Trocadero for a spectacular view on the Eiffel Tower (around 30mn)  The flat is on the 5th floor (no elevator sorry, but it's good for health...) and has been renovated 3 years ago. It is fully equipped, and is perfect for a single person or couple, but it can also suit for 4 people if you
27928	This is a lovely 2 room flat, located on the sixth floor of an old and typical parisian building. But don't worry, there is a lift! The closest metro is Rue des Boulets, it is also a 10minute walk to Bastille and Voltaire, and a 5 minute walk to Nation, where several metros cross. The neighborhood is very calm, even though it is very close to trendy areas like Oberkampf and Bastille. This way, you get the best of two worlds! The area is great for food shopping and going out to restaurants or bars. You are very close to 3 major metro stations. 	This is a lovely 2 room flat, located on the sixth floor of an old and typical parisian building. But don't worry, there is a lift! The closest metro is Rue des Boulets, it is also a 10minute walk to Bastille and Voltaire, and a 5 minute walk to Nation, where several metros cross. The neighborhood is very calm, even though it is very close to trendy areas like Oberkampf and Bastille. This way, you get the best of two worlds! The area is great for food shopping and going out to restaurants or bars. You are very close to 3 major metro stations. 
27929	Awesome 1-bedroom of 55 m2 Large living room with US kitchen  Apartment located on the 4th floor with small elevator in the building 1 separated WC 1 bathroom with bathtub 1 bedroom with King Size bed (180 cm) Very clear and very bright apartment, super cosy, furnished with great taste. Available: Internet (very fast WiFi connexion), dishwasher, washing machine, 2 TV (1 in the living-from, 1 in the bed-room). Many shops (bakery, supermarkets) at 2 minutes walk around Metros: - Faidherbe Chaligny (line 8) at 3 min walk - Reuilly Diderot (line 1) at 10 min walk - Nation (lines 1, 2, 6, RER A) at 10 min walk District with many bars and restaurants nearby (rue Faidherbe, rue Paul Bert) Please notice: - The deposit is retained by Airbnb (not the host) and will be reimbursed to the guest unless a claim is made within 48 hours after his departure because of a problem. - NO PARTIES are allowed - The whole apartment is NO SMOKING - Be careful with neighbors' privacy and tranquility (limited noi	Fantastic 1 bed-room, design, bright and very quiet. Metro, shops, restaurants all around. Very convenient for 3 people max (couple + 1 kid or 3 people)  Awesome 1-bedroom of 55 m2 Large living room with US kitchen  Apartment located on the 4th floor with small elevator in the building 1 separated WC 1 bathroom with bathtub 1 bedroom with King Size bed (180 cm) Very clear and very bright apartment, super cosy, furnished with great taste. Available: Internet (very fast WiFi connexion), dishwasher, washing machine, 2 TV (1 in the living-from, 1 in the bed-room). Many shops (bakery, supermarkets) at 2 minutes walk around Metros: - Faidherbe Chaligny (line 8) at 3 min walk - Reuilly Diderot (line 1) at 10 min walk - Nation (lines 1, 2, 6, RER A) at 10 min walk District with many bars and restaurants nearby (rue Faidherbe, rue Paul Bert) Please notice: - The deposit is retained by Airbnb (not the host) and will be reimbursed to the guest unless a claim is made within 48 hours after his depa
27930	My apartment is lovely, cosy and quiet and a very comfortable size for a couple. It has a separate bedroom, a cosy living room and quite a spacious kitchen for Paris standards :) I will miss it while I'm gone!	It's a welcoming and fully equipped apartment with 1 bedroom, a lovely kitchen and a cosy living room with wooden floors. The apartment is centrally located in the trendy 11th district of Paris and within reach of all that Paris has to offer.  My apartment is lovely, cosy and quiet and a very comfortable size for a couple. It has a separate bedroom, a cosy living room and quite a spacious kitchen for Paris standards :) I will miss it while I'm gone! Guests will have access to the entire apartment. Some space will be cleared out in the bedroom so you can feel at home as much as possible. Linen and towels will be provided.  I often have to travel for work so I am not be around to meet you unfortunately but friends of mine will be around to greet you and hand you the keys.  The flat is located in the 11th district, which is very central and friendly. It's not touristy so there's a local heartbeat to it that you will fall in love with. I certainly did. There are so many amazing places to e
27931	Newly renovated, this sunny studio of 35 m2 on 4th floor with elevator will allow you to get around easily in Paris thanks to the nearby bus and metro Republique, Oberkampf 	2 steps from  Republique , Bastille and le Marais you'll  stay in a friendly and lively neighborhood that has kept its authenticity while offering countless choices of restaurants shops bars trendy or not, for all tastes Newly renovated, this sunny studio of 35 m2 on 4th floor with elevator will allow you to get around easily in Paris thanks to the nearby bus and metro Republique, Oberkampf Spacious and bright, this studio is designed to make your stay one or two, as pleasant as possible. You'll find the essential items in both the bathroom and in the kitchen This one is equipped with an induction hob, microwave, kettle, toaster all kitchen utensils and a washing machine dryer. The sofa bed, very easy to open, has a 160 cm bed extremely comfortable Bed linen and towels provided You have the internet high speed and wifi, and a  flat screen tv We will meet for the keys then you can easily reach me by email or phone if needed Very lively, many shops bars restaurants, market on Tuesdays an
27932	Je vous propose un appartement 2 pièces tout confort, à deux pas de la bastille, du marché d'Aligre, ou encore du Marais. L'appartement est tout équipé ( lave linge, fer à repasser, douche, four, micro-ondes,  lit deux places, télé). Croissants et café/thé offert le 1er jour! I propose a two roomed apartment comfortable, close to the Bastille, the Paris Market, or the Marais. The apartment is fully equipped (washing machine, iron, shower, oven, microwave, double bed, TV). Croissants and coffee / tea offered on the 1st day!  L appartement est disponible en longue durée sur l été, du 10juillet au 26 août. Location longue privilégiée.  	2 pièces, a deux pas de la Bastille, tout equipé. Refait a neuf récemment, cuisine équipée, lave linge, frigo, accès wifi, ligne 1,9,5 et 8 a proximité.  2 pieces, two steps from the Bastille, fully equipped. Recently renovated, fully equipped Je vous propose un appartement 2 pièces tout confort, à deux pas de la bastille, du marché d'Aligre, ou encore du Marais. L'appartement est tout équipé ( lave linge, fer à repasser, douche, four, micro-ondes,  lit deux places, télé). Croissants et café/thé offert le 1er jour! I propose a two roomed apartment comfortable, close to the Bastille, the Paris Market, or the Marais. The apartment is fully equipped (washing machine, iron, shower, oven, microwave, double bed, TV). Croissants and coffee / tea offered on the 1st day!  L appartement est disponible en longue durée sur l été, du 10juillet au 26 août. Location longue privilégiée. Je ne serais pas présente dans le logement. Moi même ou un ami vous accueillera et- ou fera la sortie du logement av
27933	Quartier animé, appartement lumineux, proche toutes commodités, vue arboré sur parc.	Charmente chambre au 4ème étage doté d'un grand lit avec comme vue un joli parc arboré. Dans un quartier animé et atypique de Paris, vous y trouverez commerçants et restaurants branchés. Plusieurs lignes de métros sont à proximité à moins de 2minutes Quartier animé, appartement lumineux, proche toutes commodités, vue arboré sur parc. Vous avez accès à tout l appartement ! Sans contraintes J'ai vécu toute ma vie à Paris, je pourrais donc vous donner les meilleurs adresses de la capitale. C'est un quartier de jeunes avec beaucoup de restaurants, troquets commerçants de tout genres. Vous serez baigné au coeur de la vie Parisienne. Métro ligne 2 Ménilmontant  Métro ligne 3 Parmentier
27934	Near the Canal Saint-Martin. République metro station. Typical parisian popular area. Food shops, bars, restaurants, walks along the canal. Quiet, view over a big courtyard (picture) and over a one-way street Big living room, 2 bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom, separate toilet . 3rd floor with no lift. Sun all afternoon long in the living room.	Near the Canal Saint-Martin. République metro station. Typical parisian popular area. Food shops, bars, restaurants, walks along the canal. Quiet, view over a big courtyard (picture) and over a one-way street Big living room, 2 bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom, separate toilet . 3rd floor with no lift. Sun all afternoon long in the living room.
27935	I am offering my apartment in the heart of Paris. Oberkampf St situated between Bastille and Rebublique is an authentic and eclectic area populated with a variety of excellent Parisian bars and restaurants. Including the renowned 'Le café Charbon' and 'Chez Justine'. It is an ideal location for a couple wanting to experience the genuine Parisian lifestyle, or for travellers wanting to explore the delights of 'the real Paris'. Although in the heart of the vibrant Rue Oberkampf my apartment, complete with and concierge service, remains a quiet and peaceful retreat. A perfect place to relax from the adventures of city life. From my home you can discover Paris by foot, bike or Metro. Both Ménilmontant and Parmentier metro stations are only 2 minutes away! For those who enjoy seeing the sights by foot, just metres from my front door you can experience a delightful stroll along the beautiful Canal St Martin, ending up at the world renowned Hotel du Nord. Rue Oberkampf... It's the place to be	I am offering my apartment in the heart of Paris. Oberkampf St situated between Bastille and Rebublique is an authentic and eclectic area populated with a variety of excellent Parisian bars and restaurants. Including the renowned 'Le café Charbon' and 'Chez Justine'. It is an ideal location for a couple wanting to experience the genuine Parisian lifestyle, or for travellers wanting to explore the delights of 'the real Paris'. Although in the heart of the vibrant Rue Oberkampf my apartment, complete with and concierge service, remains a quiet and peaceful retreat. A perfect place to relax from the adventures of city life. From my home you can discover Paris by foot, bike or Metro. Both Ménilmontant and Parmentier metro stations are only 2 minutes away! For those who enjoy seeing the sights by foot, just metres from my front door you can experience a delightful stroll along the beautiful Canal St Martin, ending up at the world renowned Hotel du Nord. Rue Oberkampf... It's the place to be
27936	L'appartement est proche des quartiers de Bastille, du Marais, de la République et d' Oberkampf. Vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants et bars pour vous divertir. Vous pouvez faire des courses tardivement dans le quartier car il y a un Monoprix ouvert jusque 0h00 et un Casino ouvert jusque 21h ainsi que de nombreux épicier jusqu’à 2h00. Il y a de nombreux commerces dans les alentours. Pour vous déplacer, vous avez les stations de métro : Voltaire, Parmentier, République etc.... Il y a aussi une station de Taxis, de Vélib et une station d'Autolib. Après une journée intensive de visite et de balade dans Paris, l'appartement est idéal pour se reposer. Il est tellement discret et silencieux que le matin vous pouvez être réveillé par le chant des oiseaux : Un luxe à Paris...	Idéal Couple ou Bachelor(ette) ! Appartement pour 1 à 3 personnes, 45m2, style appart hôtel de 2 pièces de charme à Paris 11, tout équipé, à 5 minutes à pied de Bastille, République et Oberkampf, quartier très populaire et vivant à proximité commerces et transports... L'appartement est proche des quartiers de Bastille, du Marais, de la République et d' Oberkampf. Vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants et bars pour vous divertir. Vous pouvez faire des courses tardivement dans le quartier car il y a un Monoprix ouvert jusque 0h00 et un Casino ouvert jusque 21h ainsi que de nombreux épicier jusqu’à 2h00. Il y a de nombreux commerces dans les alentours. Pour vous déplacer, vous avez les stations de métro : Voltaire, Parmentier, République etc.... Il y a aussi une station de Taxis, de Vélib et une station d'Autolib. Après une journée intensive de visite et de balade dans Paris, l'appartement est idéal pour se reposer. Il est tellement discret et silencieux que le matin vous pouvez être réve
27937	. Bedroom (1) courtyard, with large double bed  . Nice bathroom (1) suite with bath, WC  . Kitchen:  washing machine, dryer, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, coffee maker, dishes ...  . Large living room:  high ceilings, beams, bright, two large windows facing south.  Sofa bed, desk, Chesterfield  . Child's room with a bed . corridor:  small refrigerator and microwave  . Bathroom (2), with a second toilet, a second bath  Many more:  PARKING covered, in front of the building (if necessary) Linen and towels provided.  Wi-Fi available.  Ready for an iPad configured to internet  Big screen TV in the room (1)  Stereo high quality ( Sonos ) Unlimited music streaming ( qobuz ) Large choice of books and DVD  If necessary, bed for baby, foldable  for musicians: Yamaha upright piano, guitar 	Large apartment at the entrance of the Parc des Buttes-Chaumont  Ideal for a family, two couples ... . Bedroom (1) courtyard, with large double bed  . Nice bathroom (1) suite with bath, WC  . Kitchen:  washing machine, dryer, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, coffee maker, dishes ...  . Large living room:  high ceilings, beams, bright, two large windows facing south.  Sofa bed, desk, Chesterfield  . Child's room with a bed . corridor:  small refrigerator and microwave  . Bathroom (2), with a second toilet, a second bath  Many more:  PARKING covered, in front of the building (if necessary) Linen and towels provided.  Wi-Fi available.  Ready for an iPad configured to internet  Big screen TV in the room (1)  Stereo high quality ( Sonos ) Unlimited music streaming ( qobuz ) Large choice of books and DVD  If necessary, bed for baby, foldable  for musicians: Yamaha upright piano, guitar             The location : Park Buttes-Chaumont, largest one in Paris,  District very popular, cosmopolitan, ha
27938	L'appartement possède un charme immense grâce à ses pierres et poutres apparentes. Il est chaleureux et très agréable à vivre! Ce deux pièces est composé d'une chambre (avec lit-double et grande armoire), d'un salon (avec un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes de très bonne qualité), une cuisine américaine (toute équipée) et d'une salle d'eau avec toilettes.	Les poutres apparentes au plafond et les murs en pierres font de ce 2 pièces de 36m2 un logement idéal pour les séjours en amoureux!  Situé au coeur de Paris dans un quartier très agréable, il est parfaitement desservi par les transports en commun! L'appartement possède un charme immense grâce à ses pierres et poutres apparentes. Il est chaleureux et très agréable à vivre! Ce deux pièces est composé d'une chambre (avec lit-double et grande armoire), d'un salon (avec un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes de très bonne qualité), une cuisine américaine (toute équipée) et d'une salle d'eau avec toilettes. L'appartement est parfaitement équipé : four, micro-ondes, machine à café Nespresso avec capsules mises à votre disposition, grille-pain, blender, et même une machine à pain! :) Le wifi règne dans tout l'appartement (fibre optique). Les voisins sont très sympathiques, ainsi il faudra veiller à ne pas faire trop de bruit! Je suis disponible pour tout renseignement et en cas de besoin. Je pourrai 
27939	Quiet & bright 1 bedroom apartment + bathroom (bathtub) The living room + a fully equipped kitchen + sofa convertible in a double mattress We are a young couple who has been living here for almost 10 years and we will be happy to recommend our favorite places in the neighbourhood.	Come  and spend some delightful days in our cosy and quiet apartment in a neighbourhood that rocks. 1 bedroom+1 double bed / 1 living room with a sofa convertible in a double mattress and a fully equipped kitchen. Quiet & bright 1 bedroom apartment + bathroom (bathtub) The living room + a fully equipped kitchen + sofa convertible in a double mattress We are a young couple who has been living here for almost 10 years and we will be happy to recommend our favorite places in the neighbourhood. + WIFI + washing machine + microwave/traditional oven + fridge with freezer + dishwasher + hairdryer + speakers you can connect to a MP3 player + bookshelf with all kinds of books 3rd floor without elevator We are not in the appartement during your stay.  We are a young couple who has been living here for almost 10 years and we will be happy to recommend our favorite places in the neighbourhood. The apartment is located in the lively area of Bastille Square in the heart of Paris - 5mn from the Basti
27940	Apartment, double exposure, decoration, moldings, old oak floor, very well distributed. In the airy entrance,  there are seven doors going  to: - 1 completely renovated kitchen, stoneware ground with a small window overlooking the courtyard equipped with dishwasher,  ceramic hob, oven, microwave, washing machine; - 1 completely renovated bathroom, with small  bathtub, sink cabinet, two big mirrors,  combined Hansgrohe shower, gray-green tadelakt on the walls, slate floor; - Refurbished suspended toilets, small sink, gray-green tadelakt on the walls, slate floor; - 1 large bedroom / suite with direct access to the bathroom, very comfortable, new mattress Treca, two windows facing courtyard, antique décor (wall deco, bronze coating on one of them, large closet ,  ancient “commode”) - 1 sunny living room facing south, two double insulation oak doors going  to a balcony overlooking a quiet street and  the nice square Gardette, electric shutters allowing full dimming, comfortable sofa bed f	Close Bastille, 3-rooms old 67 m2, well renovated,  comfortable and sunny, double exposure, balcony over Gardette public garden, equipped kitchen, oak floors, 5th floor, well served  (Subway and bus), quiet street in  a lively neighborhood Apartment, double exposure, decoration, moldings, old oak floor, very well distributed. In the airy entrance,  there are seven doors going  to: - 1 completely renovated kitchen, stoneware ground with a small window overlooking the courtyard equipped with dishwasher,  ceramic hob, oven, microwave, washing machine; - 1 completely renovated bathroom, with small  bathtub, sink cabinet, two big mirrors,  combined Hansgrohe shower, gray-green tadelakt on the walls, slate floor; - Refurbished suspended toilets, small sink, gray-green tadelakt on the walls, slate floor; - 1 large bedroom / suite with direct access to the bathroom, very comfortable, new mattress Treca, two windows facing courtyard, antique décor (wall deco, bronze coating on one of them, larg
27941	It is best if you like cats. Pacha (the cat) is really sweet,but as all cats he has a real character.	Welcome to your room in the heart of Paris, situated on the 1st floor of a Parisian house. Close to Bastille and Père Lachaise. In the house you will find all you need and even a private little yard where to drink you coffee. A cat lives here too. It is best if you like cats. Pacha (the cat) is really sweet,but as all cats he has a real character. For breakfast, in the fridge, you will find some youghurt and fruits.   The house is equiped with one bathroom.
27942	The apartment has 2 windows overlooking the courtyard, very quiet, the bathroom is narrow but sufficient for a shower.	Ideally located between Bastille and République, this charming apartment overlooking a flower-filled courtyard will be a good base to welcome you during your vacation in Paris. Ideal for a romantic couple. The apartment has 2 windows overlooking the courtyard, very quiet, the bathroom is narrow but sufficient for a shower. There will always be someone to greet you either me or one of my good friends! Very friendly neighborhood living with many stores in the district. This is good place to live ! Métro 9 Saint Ambroise Métro 5 Richard Lenoir Métro 8 Saint Sébastien Froissard Ten minutes by walk of République & of Marais.
27943	This typical small Parisian apartment has everything you need including a separate bedroom with a real bed for two (and an inflatable mattress for a third person or child if you need).	For 2 persons, with 2 balcony! 28sqm on the 7th floor of a calm typical parisian building. Oberkampf, Pere Lachaise, Belleville are just around the corner. The metro, very near, will take you around Paris within minutes! This typical small Parisian apartment has everything you need including a separate bedroom with a real bed for two (and an inflatable mattress for a third person or child if you need). I provide fresh and clean towels and bed sheets. You'll have access to french TV, well equipped kitchen, bathroom (shower) and two balcony for sunny breakfast over the city.  I'm very available to my guest unless I'm abroad. (I'll still answer any SMS you send me though) Experience the real Parisian life. In this popular and exiting neighborhood, you'll find cheap food, cheap beers, great atmosphere in bars and clubs ! There are many facilities around my place as well as several metro stations (line 2, 3, 11)  With public transportation it is very easy and quick from the airports. Just t
27944	Hello, Thanks for coming at our place...There are no specific rules or regulations in our house except the fact that silence is kindly requested after 10 Pm, including the fact that no shower is allowed after that time...THE BED is AMAZING, our guests said...The place is lovely, the hosts very nice...See you soon Geneviève	Pretty quiet and comfortable room in the home of a mother and son. Calm. No smoking. Bed 160 cm or 2 separated twins. Place to store your bike. Private Shower and WC Please enter silently if you return after 22h thank you Métro Charonne
27945	A place where you really feel that you are in Paris.	"Renovated studio above the famous ""café de l'industrie"" on sixth floor with a real kitchen separted from the bed room and a bathroom with a shower ""à l'italienne"". A place where you really feel that you are in Paris. the entiere studio. I will stay close by during your stay in Paris so you will be able to reach me at anytime very easily. A lot of trendy bar, café, restaurant. You are at ten minutes walk from the Marais and the ""place des Vosges"". metro: Bastille, Breguet Sabin, Voltaire,... It's on sixth floor and there is no elevator but the view of the ascent is nice."
27946	Private rent in a cosy apartment (73 sqm) located in an old building with a typical architecture dating from the early 19th century. The accommodation is very quiet as it overlooks a courtyard above a small garden. Fully renovated in 2010.	"Cosy private bedroom in a charming 3-room apartment within a building which is typical of the early 19th-century architecture. Private rent in a cosy apartment (73 sqm) located in an old building with a typical architecture dating from the early 19th century. The accommodation is very quiet as it overlooks a courtyard above a small garden. Fully renovated in 2010. Only the private room of 13 sqm is for rent. Kitchen, bathroom & living room are shared. By email or short phone call It's at 3-minute walk from Oberkampf, Saint Maur, Voltaire and Ménilmontant areas and 10-minute walk from Bastille. You will find restaurants and cuisines from all around the world: Afghan, Italian, Colombian, Lebanese, Brazilian, Ethiopian, but also traditional French. - 4-minute walk from the metro line 2, ""Père Lachaise"" station. - 3-minute walk from the metro line 3, ""rue Saint-Maur"" station. - 5-minute walk from metro line 9, ""Voltaire"" or ""rue Saint-Ambroise"" stops.   From Paris Charles de Gaulle (CDG) A"
27947	2 pièces, une chambre séparée, un petit balcon	Appartement 2 pièces, 28m2.  Au 7ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Proche des métros Alexandre Dumas ligne 2 et Charonne ligne 9, 10 min à pied de Nation. Proche tous commerces (boulangerie, supermarchés, bars, restos..). 2 pièces, une chambre séparée, un petit balcon Je reste disponible sur mon portable à tout moment de la journée pour conseil ou autres. Quartier calme mais proche des quartiers animés de Bastille, Menilmontant...Proche Mama Shelter. Supermaché à 200 m
27948	une petite terrasse en plein paris ! uns atelier d'artiste au calme situé en pleine rue de charonne: idéal ! super si vous aimez travailler au calme mais aussi sortir le soir	Loft /atelier d'artiste en plein Paris !dans cour magnifique et classée avec petite terrasse  : calme et avec une terrasse ! arty et super bien placé et refait à neuf. âme d'artiste bienvenues ! plein centre de Paris.style et Métro Charonne, Ledru Rollin ou Voltaire à 5mn à pied. Tout Paris a pied ! une petite terrasse en plein paris ! uns atelier d'artiste au calme situé en pleine rue de charonne: idéal ! super si vous aimez travailler au calme mais aussi sortir le soir Vous entrerez par la porte cochère sur rue puis le loft est au 1é étage tout au bout de la coursive mail / je répond trés vite ! Génial : les meilleurs restaurants ( Septime, ou est venue Beyonce est en face !) les bistrots , les galeries et le marché d'aligre à 2 pas... tout pour apprécier Paris sans marcher des heures ... Métro ledru rollin ou charonne ou voltaire a 5mn bus 76 en bas ( direct pour louvre ) le marais a 10 mn a pied les bord sde la seine a 20 mn a pied pigalle ou montmartre a 30 mn en métro 1 vrai lit 
27949	Il s'agit d'un grand loft avec cuisine ouverte tout équipé.  Le petit plus ? Les meubles sont récupérés et détournés. Dans la salle de bain, vous pourrez ranger vos affaires dans des boites aux lettres et trouverez une vieille cocotte minute familiale en guise de poubelle, dans le grand salon un tome basse de batterie vous permettra de déposer votre verre (d'eau... bien entendu), le bureau est un établi de maître, une échelle de mezzanine vous servira d'échelle de bibliothèque, des caisses de vin vous permettront d'y ranger vos revus, un amplis de guitare hors d'usage sera votre table de chevet...  L'appartement n'est pas accessible aux personnes handicapées, il n'y a pas d'ascenseur. Atypical loft-style apartment with a separate bedroom, well-lit with windows on both sides. All within has been recuperated, recycled, refurbished and recreated. Come discover the ideal place to relax after a day of... So, I'm renting my spacious Parisian flat (57m2) just across from Père Lachaise Cemeter	Loft atypique comprenant deux chambres séparées, lumineux et traversant, où règne la loi de la récupération. Tout est recyclé, récupéré, remonté, recrée, détourné. Venez découvrir ce lieu de détente après une journée de crapahuatage.  Il s'agit d'un grand loft avec cuisine ouverte tout équipé.  Le petit plus ? Les meubles sont récupérés et détournés. Dans la salle de bain, vous pourrez ranger vos affaires dans des boites aux lettres et trouverez une vieille cocotte minute familiale en guise de poubelle, dans le grand salon un tome basse de batterie vous permettra de déposer votre verre (d'eau... bien entendu), le bureau est un établi de maître, une échelle de mezzanine vous servira d'échelle de bibliothèque, des caisses de vin vous permettront d'y ranger vos revus, un amplis de guitare hors d'usage sera votre table de chevet...  L'appartement n'est pas accessible aux personnes handicapées, il n'y a pas d'ascenseur. Atypical loft-style apartment with a separate bedroom, well-lit with wi
27950	iL est entièrement rénové . Tout l'équipement est neuf.	A deux pas du métro, dans un quartier animé : restaurant, boites de jazz, commerces et bars. Ce charmant studio fonctionnel et entièrement refait à neuf saura vous séduire. Il est situé au deuxième étage, au calme, et est très lumineux. iL est entièrement rénové . Tout l'équipement est neuf. métro : rue des Boulets ou Faidherbe Chaligny 2 minutes . Nation ( Métro et RER )et Bastille 8 minutes S' il y a besoin d'1 guide, je peux le faire car je connais très bien Paris et la (website hidden) parle Anglais, Italien et J' ai des notions en Allemand et Finlandais Tous les commerces , restaurants sont à proximité. Il y a beaucoup d'animations dans le quartier. La Bastille est proche ainsi que le Marais,la rue de Rivoli etc... Métro, Bus , RER
27951		Mon appartement, très clair, avec vue sur les toits, est situé à deux pas du Marais et de la République. Il possède une salle de bain avec baignoire, une kitchenette équipée et une chambre avec un lit double.
27952	Appartement charmant de 35m2 en plein cœur de Paris, dans un quartier vivant !  Il dispose d'une chambre, d'une salle de bain et d'une cuisine équipée, ainsi que du WiFi, de la TV avec ADSL et d'un lecteur DVD. Le tout donnant sur une cour calme et dans un immeuble tranquille... Le rêve à Paris !  A 2 pas de l'appartement : La rue Oberkampf, connue  pour ses bars et restaurants à la mode, la rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud et la célèbre Place de la République !  Je vous donnerai d'ailleurs mes meilleures adresses du quartier :)  L'appartement est situé à 2 pas du métro Parmentier (3) à 5 minutes du métro Oberkampf (5, 9) ou encore de Goncourt (11) et à moins de 8 minutes du métro République (5, 8, 9, 11) Il est également à 5 minutes du Canal St Martin, et à 10 minutes du Marais ou encore du Cimetière du Père Lachaise ! La chambre dispose d'un lit très confortable  et d'un placard. Il y a également un autre couchage dans le salon, un canapé-lit très confortable (140x190) Les draps et les servie	Bienvenue à Paris ! Welcome to Paris ! This one-bedroom apartment is very comfortable for your stay in Paris A few steps from métro Parmentier (3), and from République (5,8,9,11) it's very quiet and charming. Enjoy your stay :)    Appartement charmant de 35m2 en plein cœur de Paris, dans un quartier vivant !  Il dispose d'une chambre, d'une salle de bain et d'une cuisine équipée, ainsi que du WiFi, de la TV avec ADSL et d'un lecteur DVD. Le tout donnant sur une cour calme et dans un immeuble tranquille... Le rêve à Paris !  A 2 pas de l'appartement : La rue Oberkampf, connue  pour ses bars et restaurants à la mode, la rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud et la célèbre Place de la République !  Je vous donnerai d'ailleurs mes meilleures adresses du quartier :)  L'appartement est situé à 2 pas du métro Parmentier (3) à 5 minutes du métro Oberkampf (5, 9) ou encore de Goncourt (11) et à moins de 8 minutes du métro République (5, 8, 9, 11) Il est également à 5 minutes du Canal St Martin, et à 10 minute
27953	Cuisine aménagée, Chambre/salon, Salle de bains/cellier, Toilettes séparées, Entrée, Couloir. 	Près du centre de Paris en 10 mn en métro ou bus, 20 minutes à pieds pour le Marais.  Commerces et Métro Parmentier L3 au pied de l'immeuble. Bus 96 qui traverse le marais, Chatelet, Quartier latin, Luxembourg, Montparnasse. 10 à 20 mn des Gares. Cuisine aménagée, Chambre/salon, Salle de bains/cellier, Toilettes séparées, Entrée, Couloir. une troisième sera fermée. Elle n'est pas comptée dans les mètres carrés et nombre de pièces. pour deux adultes. Une personne  sera disponible sur place pour accueillir les hôtes et je serai joignable par mail essentiellement et téléphone. Près de la place de la République qui descend jusqu'à Châtelet (Beaubourg), traverse la Seine vers le quartier latin et descend jusqu'à la Porte d'Orléans en passant par Montparnasse. Le bus 96 descend jusque là. Qartier branché de Paris. Nombreux bars et restaurants rue Oberkampf. un parking sera disponible en sous sol dans l'immeuble d'à côté. Taxi par tél. Location de voitures avenue de la République. Système loc
27954		Jolie appartement de 20m2 pour des amoureux qui voudraient venir passer quelques jours en plein Paris. Appartement à 5 minutes de la place Bastille. A proximité : Supermarchés : Franprix, Simply, Picard, Lidl. Où manger : Pizzeria, Bars, Kebab, Japonais, Chinois ... Où passer la soirée : Rue Saint Maur, Bastille, République, Nation Il y a le métro Ligne 9 Voltaire juste en bas de l'immeuble et Ligne 5 richard le noir, ligne 2 et 3 à la station Père la Chaise  ou sinon Bastille avec Ligne 1,5 et 8  Bus N°69, N°61, N°56, N°46.
27955		Beau studio entièrement rénové, 35mt² avec un lit double dans la chambre plus un canapé lit dans le salon. Quartier sympa avec tous les commerces et services : cinéma, bars, restaurants… Lignes 1, 2, 6 et 9 du métro plus le RER A à proximité.
27956	Dans une rue calme mais situé dans un quartier animé (resto, bars, commerces)... l'appart vous offre tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjour réussi.  Vous n'êtes qu'à quelques coup de pédales des quartiers Bastille, République, ou le Marais. Tout équipé. L'appartement est parfaitement situé dans le 11e arrondissement tant pour visiter la ville et les musées que pour aller boire un verre le soir. Le quartier est vivant mais calme. Le Marais, Bastille, Ménilmontant, Belleville, Oberkampf et République sont à deux pas. Le métro charonne est à 1min. De nombreuses lignes de bus passent à proximité. Tous commerces à proximité. Restaurants, Boulanger, Fromager, Caviste, Boucher, Poissonniers, épicier traditionnelle, supermarché	Dans une rue calme mais situé dans un quartier animé (resto, bars, commerces)... l'appart vous offre tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjour réussi.  Vous n'êtes qu'à quelques coup de pédales des quartiers Bastille, République, ou le Marais. Tout équipé. L'appartement est parfaitement situé dans le 11e arrondissement tant pour visiter la ville et les musées que pour aller boire un verre le soir. Le quartier est vivant mais calme. Le Marais, Bastille, Ménilmontant, Belleville, Oberkampf et République sont à deux pas. Le métro charonne est à 1min. De nombreuses lignes de bus passent à proximité. Tous commerces à proximité. Restaurants, Boulanger, Fromager, Caviste, Boucher, Poissonniers, épicier traditionnelle, supermarché
27957	Greetings! This is a 35-square meter (350 square foot) apartment with a bedroom, living room, bathroom and modern renovated kitchen. It's on the 4th floor of a 1930s walkup building (whose brick facade was recently totally renovated) and has north and south exposures for great light and ventilation.  I keep the apartment clean and smoke free.  The Bastille neighborhood is also great. Lots of cafes, restaurants, theaters, galleries, music venues, fashion boutiques and bars are steps away - as well as the famous Opera Bastille and the big Bastille metro station. You can get almost anywhere from here.  Better still, the Marais neighborhood is just five to ten minutes away on foot. The Place des Vosges is an easy walk, and the famous huge outdoor market on Boulevard Richard Lenoir (Thursday and Sunday mornings) is just a few minutes' away. The Rue de Charonne, home to cool clothing boutiques and some top new restaurants, is at the end of the street. You will love this area!	This 35-square-meter (350-square-foot) 1-bedroom apartment has WiFi, TV, DVD, iPod station &  kitchen for a perfect stay. Read the reviews. :) **Now renting for July and August of 2015!!!** Two week minimum. Greetings! This is a 35-square meter (350 square foot) apartment with a bedroom, living room, bathroom and modern renovated kitchen. It's on the 4th floor of a 1930s walkup building (whose brick facade was recently totally renovated) and has north and south exposures for great light and ventilation.  I keep the apartment clean and smoke free.  The Bastille neighborhood is also great. Lots of cafes, restaurants, theaters, galleries, music venues, fashion boutiques and bars are steps away - as well as the famous Opera Bastille and the big Bastille metro station. You can get almost anywhere from here.  Better still, the Marais neighborhood is just five to ten minutes away on foot. The Place des Vosges is an easy walk, and the famous huge outdoor market on Boulevard Richard Lenoir (Thu
27958	Lovely 1 bedroom 35 m2 between Bastille, Place des Vosges and the Marais. Bright, overlooking a large paved courtyard and trees typically Parisian. Paris at your feet: Bus in front of the building and metro within 5 minutes! This 1 bedroom 35 m2 on 1st floor, quiet and bright, while the layout consists of a beautiful main room including a true 2-seater pull out sofa and a flat screen TV with internet, windows overlooking a large courtyard paved inner tree where seasonally birds welcome travelers. Fully equipped kitchen design. A spacious bedroom with queen size bed and vast dressing closet with mirror; Toilet and bathroom including walk-in shower with heated towel rail. I leave you with the apartment plans Paris, useful addresses, ... Finally, a surprise awaits you as often as possible upon arrival at the flat .... The apartment is located in a typical Parisian building between Place de la Bastille, Place des Vosges and the Marais (less than 10 minutes walk from the tourist spots!!) Tr	Lovely 1 bedroom 35 m2 between Bastille, Place des Vosges and the Marais. Bright, overlooking a large paved courtyard and trees typically Parisian. Paris at your feet: Bus in front of the building and metro within 5 minutes! This 1 bedroom 35 m2 on 1 Lovely 1 bedroom 35 m2 between Bastille, Place des Vosges and the Marais. Bright, overlooking a large paved courtyard and trees typically Parisian. Paris at your feet: Bus in front of the building and metro within 5 minutes! This 1 bedroom 35 m2 on 1st floor, quiet and bright, while the layout consists of a beautiful main room including a true 2-seater pull out sofa and a flat screen TV with internet, windows overlooking a large courtyard paved inner tree where seasonally birds welcome travelers. Fully equipped kitchen design. A spacious bedroom with queen size bed and vast dressing closet with mirror; Toilet and bathroom including walk-in shower with heated towel rail. I leave you with the apartment plans Paris, useful addresses, ... Fina
27959		A quiet and cosy room in a T5 apartment of 100m² on the 2nd floor, spacious and bright. Ideal location in a quiet street of the 11th district.  10 minutes from Republic by walk
27960	J ai la chance de vivre dans un superbe 2 pieces tout neuf (2013) et designé par un architecte d interieur alors j ai envie de vous en faire aussi profiter ! L appartement vous offira tout le confort necessaire pour un agreable sejour (ascenseur, digicode, beton ciré, double vitrage, volets electriques). Le gros + de l appartement : La terrasse ouverte au dernier étage orientée Sud-Est (soleil toute la journée) et sans aucun bruit (rue tres peu passante). Hamac, cuisine ouverte, bar americain... vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous	J ai la chance de vivre dans un superbe 2 pieces tout neuf (2013) et designé par un architecte d interieur alors j ai envie de vous en faire aussi profiter ! L appartement vous offira tout le confort necessaire pour un agreable sejour (ascenseur, digicode, beton ciré, double vitrage, volets electriques). Le gros + de l appartement : La terrasse ouverte au dernier étage orientée Sud-Est (soleil toute la journée) et sans aucun bruit (rue tres peu passante). Hamac, cuisine ouverte, bar americain... vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous - serviettes de toilette - draps  - internet wireless ( WiFi ) illimité et gratuit - téléphone gratuit et illimité (fixes et mobiles vers la France, le Canada, les Etats-Unis,la Corée, les DOM, et vers les fixes de 100 de pays)  - jeux de société, livres - chaîne-hifi, musique - télévision connectée à internet - lave-linge - sèche-cheveux  - four - micro-onde - réfrigérateur, congélateur - tous les ustensiles pour faire la cuisine - Ascenseur et digicicode -
27961	Roomy appartment with all appliances available to make your stay confortable. It is a great place to host a family !  Main bedroom is very quiet.  The kitchen is fully equipped (including dish-washer & washing-machine). A large supermarket stands 50m away from the building, so convenient for your daily shopping ! (open Sunday morning until 13:00)  An optional parking place may be available (see details below)	Nice and cosy 63m2 (678 sq.ft) flat in Paris, 5min walk from Bastille & Le Marais.  2 large (160cm) beds welcoming 4 adults. All appliances available to feel like home! I may be helping to organize your stay in Paris. Looking forward to meet you!  Roomy appartment with all appliances available to make your stay confortable. It is a great place to host a family !  Main bedroom is very quiet.  The kitchen is fully equipped (including dish-washer & washing-machine). A large supermarket stands 50m away from the building, so convenient for your daily shopping ! (open Sunday morning until 13:00)  An optional parking place may be available (see details below) I will always be available during your stay, to welcome you in the appartment, and to guide you  if you have questions or concerns about your stay in Paris (booking transports, places to visit, ...) The apartment is located within 5 minutes walk to Bastille entertainment places (Opera, various restaurants and bars, theatres, ...), as wel
27962	cœur de paris ,avec petit jardin ,très calme .prêt de la Bastille et du Marais 	cœur de paris ,avec petit jardin ,très calme .prêt de la Bastille et du Marais 
27963		Charming 2 rooms flat in Paris in 11eme arrondissement (pleasant and lively neighborhood) Clean and quiet apartment, fully furnished with 4 sleeping places.  Close to 4 metro stations. Metro stations:  - Rue des Boulets (Metro 9) - Reuilly Diderot (Metro 1 and 8) - Faidherbe Chaligny (Metro 8) - Nation (Metro 1, 2, 6, 9, and RERA) Close bike station
27964	Welcome to Paris !  This lovely studio flat is located at the heart of Paris. Based in the 11th district, home for artists,  the flat is based on the 3rd floor of a building sitting at the end of a quiet street, 5 min away from the Marais area and Bastille with lots of Museums, restaurants, Bars and Club around. It has a lot of character, is very bright and is overlooking on the very quiet back yard of the building. It has a little kitchenette, with all necessary equipment to fix you a delicious meal and a bathroom with a small bath tub and shower with WC. It has a confortable double bed. Perfect for a couple or good friends! There are 3 different metro lines ( n5, 8 and 9 to take you all around Paris in no time.)  The perfect place for a perfect stay! Thanks and hopefully we meet soon! 	Welcome to Paris !  This lovely studio flat is located at the heart of Paris. Based in the 11th district, home for artists,  the flat is based on the 3rd floor of a building sitting at the end of a quiet street, 5 min away from the Marais area and Bastille with lots of Museums, restaurants, Bars and Club around. It has a lot of character, is very bright and is overlooking on the very quiet back yard of the building. It has a little kitchenette, with all necessary equipment to fix you a delicious meal and a bathroom with a small bath tub and shower with WC. It has a confortable double bed. Perfect for a couple or good friends! There are 3 different metro lines ( n5, 8 and 9 to take you all around Paris in no time.)  The perfect place for a perfect stay! Thanks and hopefully we meet soon! 
27965	"COME TO STAY IN THIS CHARMING & COSY AUTHENTIC CHARACTER RECENTLY RENOVATED STUDIO IN BASTILLE AREA (11th DISTRICT) ! EXPERIENCE THE REAL ""VIE PARISIENNE"" IN A LIVELY AND PICTURESQUE DISTRICT OF THE HEART OF PARS !!! Vous souhaitez passer quelques jours à Paris... ?  Pourquoi pas chez moi, Pauline, jeune & dynamique parisienne qui adore sa ville ! Je vous propose pour logement un charmant studio idéalement situé proche de Voltaire - Bastille - Père Lachaise afin de profiter de notre belle capitale. Logés dans une rue calme et sûre d'un quartier tranquille & pittoresque, vous serez au cœur de la ville et de ses principales attractions ! En outre, sur place vous profitez de nombreux commerces de proximité (épiceries, minimarket, traiteurs, boulangeries, boucheries, marché urbain...). De là vous accédez à pied : - au Cimetière du Père Lachaise où sont enterrées toutes les célébrités du pays et au quartier de Ménilmontant avec ses larges boulevards arborés, - à la Place de la Bastille, ani"	"Bright charming Private studio chez l'habitant. Mon appartement est divisé en deux. Nous partageons juste un bout de couloir qui donne accès à votre espace privé et a ma studette dans laquelle je vis seule. Je vous croise juste pour vous accueillir, vous recommandez des endroits uniques dans mon quartier. COME TO STAY IN THIS CHARMING & COSY AUTHENTIC CHARACTER RECENTLY RENOVATED STUDIO IN BASTILLE AREA (11th DISTRICT) ! EXPERIENCE THE REAL ""VIE PARISIENNE"" IN A LIVELY AND PICTURESQUE DISTRICT OF THE HEART OF PARS !!! Vous souhaitez passer quelques jours à Paris... ?  Pourquoi pas chez moi, Pauline, jeune & dynamique parisienne qui adore sa ville ! Je vous propose pour logement un charmant studio idéalement situé proche de Voltaire - Bastille - Père Lachaise afin de profiter de notre belle capitale. Logés dans une rue calme et sûre d'un quartier tranquille & pittoresque, vous serez au cœur de la ville et de ses principales attractions ! En outre, sur place vous profitez de nombreux com"
27966	Appartement spacieux et parfait pour s'y sentir chez soi pour un séjour court ou long. A disposition : Four Micro-ondes, table à repasser, une machine à laver, des haut-parleurs, video-projecteur, une connexion wifi gratuite et un sèche-cheveux. Literie récente. Cosy and perfect apartment to feel at home for a short or long trip. At your disposal: Microwave, ironing board, washing machine, video projector, free wifi and a hairdryer. Recent bedding.	Lumineux 4 pièces de 70m2 proche de Bastille/République, métro et commerces proches, refait à neuf, cuisine américaine, entrée privative (1er étage), grand salon-salle à manger, douche italienne, immeuble calme. Internet. Appartement spacieux et parfait pour s'y sentir chez soi pour un séjour court ou long. A disposition : Four Micro-ondes, table à repasser, une machine à laver, des haut-parleurs, video-projecteur, une connexion wifi gratuite et un sèche-cheveux. Literie récente. Cosy and perfect apartment to feel at home for a short or long trip. At your disposal: Microwave, ironing board, washing machine, video projector, free wifi and a hairdryer. Recent bedding.
27967	Located on the 6th floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured with two coded-doors. The building overlook a courtyard.  The apartment is very quiet and luminous. An A/C unit for cool air has been installed. This ravishing 30 sqm apartment will be a cozy nest for a couple. It is functional with contemporary features. From the entrance hall, on your left, you will enter the main room. It has a living area with a couch, an adjustable coffee table and a stereo (radio, CD). The ‘night’ area features a double bed (140×200) a TV with cable TV channels and a DVD player. There are two desks, on one of them you will be able to plug your laptop on the mini Bose sound system. The bathroom is accessible from the main room through a sliding door. It is small but functional, nice and modern with a walk-in shower, a glass washbasin and a toilet. The fitted kitchen is on the other side of the entrance hall. It features a counter with two high stools. All the rooms give on the court	Cozy 30 sqm pied-à-terre to rent for a couple in Paris near Bastille. Fairly priced interior, very functional, contemporary, quiet and luminous ! Located on the 6th floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured with two coded-doors. The building overlook a courtyard.  The apartment is very quiet and luminous. An A/C unit for cool air has been installed. This ravishing 30 sqm apartment will be a cozy nest for a couple. It is functional with contemporary features. From the entrance hall, on your left, you will enter the main room. It has a living area with a couch, an adjustable coffee table and a stereo (radio, CD). The ‘night’ area features a double bed (140×200) a TV with cable TV channels and a DVD player. There are two desks, on one of them you will be able to plug your laptop on the mini Bose sound system. The bathroom is accessible from the main room through a sliding door. It is small but functional, nice and modern with a walk-in shower, a glass washbasin and a
27968	Our flat is a duplex (150 sq meters), kitchen and livingroom downstairs with a big terrasse, the four rooms and two bathrooms are upstairs. It is very sunny and cosy, as two of the flatmates work in design and bring really cool furnitures. 	The apartment is located very close to the canal Saint-Martin, Place de la République (subway lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11), in brief, in the Bobo (bourgeois bohème) district of Paris! The room is very nice and sunny Our flat is a duplex (150 sq meters), kitchen and livingroom downstairs with a big terrasse, the four rooms and two bathrooms are upstairs. It is very sunny and cosy, as two of the flatmates work in design and bring really cool furnitures.  The room has a double bed, wifi and a private terrasse (20 sq meters), it is ideal if you want to grab a sunny breakfast or drinks with your friends. The neighbourhood is very nice and super convenient, you have bars, shops, the canal saint martin very close. It is very well connected to the city, with multiple lines you can catch from Place de la république : 10 minutes to main trainstations like gare du nord or gare de l'est. It is also close to diverse neighbourhoods that are 5 minutes away by walk : le marais (arty, fancy), belleville (b
27969	PENTHOUSE apartement with an open outlook in a 17th century historical building. Exposed beams in an attic space. Extremely quiet and full of light. It has 3 bedrooms with beautiful linen beddings provided. One bedroom with king size bed. (180 cm) A second with a queen size bed. (160 cm) And the third one with a single bed and a drawer bed. ( each 90 cm) Spa style mosaic bathroom with italian shower Antique bathtub Single washbasin WC Towels provided. Separate extra WC with washbasin.  Living room with a beautiful wood stove. Generous and super confortable linen sofa. Flat screen TV with more than 300 channels/ VOD Open Space kitchen and dinning room with a glass rooftop corner overlooking the courtyard and the typical roofs of Paris.  Farrow & ball paints throughout the flat. High quality wool carpet in bedrooms. Oak floor.  Remote controlled window shutters. Air conditioning. High Specs. Candles and a bottle of champagne will welcome you... 	Brand new topfloor interior designed 120sqm appartement in the heart Of the trendy side Of Bastille. Secluded in a lush and historical 17 th century courtyard. Super sunny and extremely calm. It will be your perfect hidden hideway out of the buzzing environment of Paris. PENTHOUSE apartement with an open outlook in a 17th century historical building. Exposed beams in an attic space. Extremely quiet and full of light. It has 3 bedrooms with beautiful linen beddings provided. One bedroom with king size bed. (180 cm) A second with a queen size bed. (160 cm) And the third one with a single bed and a drawer bed. ( each 90 cm) Spa style mosaic bathroom with italian shower Antique bathtub Single washbasin WC Towels provided. Separate extra WC with washbasin.  Living room with a beautiful wood stove. Generous and super confortable linen sofa. Flat screen TV with more than 300 channels/ VOD Open Space kitchen and dinning room with a glass rooftop corner overlooking the courtyard and the typical
27970	"You are looking for a nice and typical Parisian apartment in the center of Paris? You like comfortable, light and airy space close to all amenities? You will enjoy this well located and charming apartment in the center of Paris near by République and the romantic Canal St Martin.  The apartment is completely furnished and is ideal for discovering Paris. It is easily accessible from airports and train stations. The closest metro station (two minutes away) is  ""République"" (serving lines 3,5,8,9 and 11). There are also many bus lines serving République (phone number hidden)). The apartment is tastefully decorated and is very bright. There is a bedroom, a cozy living room, a big kitchen with a dining table and a  comfortable newly renovated bathroom with the washing machine. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator, microwave/oven, nespresso machine) and has all necessary dishes. The apartment is on the fourth floor with an elevator (3 persons). The apartme"	"You are looking for a nice and typical Parisian apartment in the center of Paris? You like comfortable, light and airy space close to all amenities? You will enjoy this well located and charming apartment in the center of Paris near by République and the romantic Canal St Martin.  The apartment is completely furnished and is ideal for discovering Paris. It is easily accessible from airports and train stations. The closest metro station (two minutes away) is  ""République"" (serving lines 3,5,8,9 and 11). There are also many bus lines serving République (phone number hidden)). The apartment is tastefully decorated and is very bright. There is a bedroom, a cozy living room, a big kitchen with a dining table and a  comfortable newly renovated bathroom with the washing machine. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator, microwave/oven, nespresso machine) and has all necessary dishes. The apartment is on the fourth floor with an elevator (3 persons). The apartme"
27971	Calm and bright, this apartment won't deceive your wishes...  at the third floor (with elevator) of a nice building, It is composed by a dining-living room, an almost separated kitchen and a separated bedroom. In the living the sofa is a sofa bed, so the apartment can easily host 4 people. Ideally situated at the eastern borders of Marais, less than 10 minutes by walk from the famous Place de Vosges, very close to the rue de Bretagne with its bars, bistros and art galleries, close to the newly renovated Square du Temple, at few steps from the Richard Lenoir beautiful open market, this apartment is a perfect quiet place in the middle of everything...	Ideally situated at the eastern borders of Marais, calm and bright, is at a walking distance from a number of interesting spots! On 3rd floor (elevator) of a nice building, It is composed by a dining-living room, a kitchen and a separated bedroom. Calm and bright, this apartment won't deceive your wishes...  at the third floor (with elevator) of a nice building, It is composed by a dining-living room, an almost separated kitchen and a separated bedroom. In the living the sofa is a sofa bed, so the apartment can easily host 4 people. Ideally situated at the eastern borders of Marais, less than 10 minutes by walk from the famous Place de Vosges, very close to the rue de Bretagne with its bars, bistros and art galleries, close to the newly renovated Square du Temple, at few steps from the Richard Lenoir beautiful open market, this apartment is a perfect quiet place in the middle of everything... Two main interesting zones are at short walking distance from this apartments: the Marais with
27972	Nice studio located in the heart of the Saint-Ambroise and peaceful Square Maurice Gardette in the 11th arrondissement. The apartment is a place of relaxation and tranquility, located between Republique and Bastille and 15 minutes from the Marais. 4th floor can accommodate two people. The main room has a sofabed. The kitchenette is independent and equipped (washing machine, oven, microwave, hot plate, toaster ...). The bathroom has a bath and a toilet. Nearby, several shops: bakery (traditional baguette on the corner of St. Ambrose is perfect for breakfast dej), grocery, supermarket ... During the day, enjoy the popular Marais with the Place des Vosges is 15min. In the evening, you will enjoy the neighborhoods full of life as Oberkampf and Bastille 5min 10min. Like staggered or trendy places, General Counter on the banks of the Canal Saint Martin Nice bottom of the apartment are made for you :) Subway: Saint-Ambroise (M9) Rue Saint-Maur (M3) Richard-Lenoir (M5)	Nice studio located in the heart of the Saint-Ambroise and peaceful Square Maurice Gardette in the 11th arrondissement. The apartment is a place of relaxation and tranquility, located between Republique and Bastille and 15 minutes from the Marais. 4th floor can accommodate two people. The main room has a sofabed. The kitchenette is independent and equipped (washing machine, oven, microwave, hot plate, toaster ...). The bathroom has a bath and a toilet. Nearby, several shops: bakery (traditional baguette on the corner of St. Ambrose is perfect for breakfast dej), grocery, supermarket ... During the day, enjoy the popular Marais with the Place des Vosges is 15min. In the evening, you will enjoy the neighborhoods full of life as Oberkampf and Bastille 5min 10min. Like staggered or trendy places, General Counter on the banks of the Canal Saint Martin Nice bottom of the apartment are made for you :) Subway: Saint-Ambroise (M9) Rue Saint-Maur (M3) Richard-Lenoir (M5)
27973	Located Métro Voltaire line 9, 11th , small pleasant apartment, 5 min walking to Bastille, Nation, République. In the heart of Paris and very well served by public transport. 5min walking from the famous cemetery of Père Lachaise (Jim Morrison, Edith Piaf...). Perfect for 2 people. Main room equipped with double bed, TV, free Wifi. Small corridor with a storage closet. Going on the right you will find the kitchen and bathroom and on the left the main room. Kitchen equipped with washing machine, horn, all stuff to cook delicious food. The bathroom is a cute room with a window, a shower, a washbasin, toilets and plenty of storage. Located in a building, Hausmann style, and in the 6th floor (without elevator), the apartment has been renovated from April 2012 to June 2013. Totally refurbished to host nice people. Lovely appartment and good location to spent some great days in Paris. You will find some famous restaurant at the foot of the building, bars, bakery, tabacconist, supermarket, ve	Located Métro Voltaire line 9 , small pleasant apartment, 5 min walking to Bastille, 10 to Nation, République. In the heart of Paris and very well served by public transport.  Located Métro Voltaire line 9, 11th , small pleasant apartment, 5 min walking to Bastille, Nation, République. In the heart of Paris and very well served by public transport. 5min walking from the famous cemetery of Père Lachaise (Jim Morrison, Edith Piaf...). Perfect for 2 people. Main room equipped with double bed, TV, free Wifi. Small corridor with a storage closet. Going on the right you will find the kitchen and bathroom and on the left the main room. Kitchen equipped with washing machine, horn, all stuff to cook delicious food. The bathroom is a cute room with a window, a shower, a washbasin, toilets and plenty of storage. Located in a building, Hausmann style, and in the 6th floor (without elevator), the apartment has been renovated from April 2012 to June 2013. Totally refurbished to host nice people. Lov
27974	Bright and modern	Lovely bright flat with wifi in very central location, beside the Marais, two minutes from Republique square with the trendy canal Saint Martin, and the 11th Oberkampf/Parmentier neighborhood with many great restaurants. Clean and comfortable, great views of the boulevard, entirely fitted by architect, good bathroom! Bright and modern Washing machine, tea and coffee, fitted kitchen, wifi, etc This is one of the best locations with the nord Marais on your doorstep with famous shops and bars and galleries and restaurants (including baker with most awards for best baguette!), the 11th which is famous for it's restaurants and artist 'bobo' vibes, and the canal Saint Martin. You are beside 5 different metro lines so can be anywhere in the city very quickly, good amenities with supermarket, food market, bakeries etc Line 3, 5, 8, 9, 11 and many buses
27975		Appartement 65 m2 situé à coté de la Bastille au pied du métro. Idéal pour un couple avec enfant ( possibilité d'un autre matelas pour un 2 eme enfant) une grande chambre avec un lit de 90 et un coin salon avec un grand lit de 2 metres sur 2. vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement , wifi gratuite et télévision , appareil ménager et autres. je serai disponible tout au long du séjour le 11 eme arrondissement est un quartier vivant , même le weekend et de nombreuses boutiques sont ouvertes le dimanche matin . Metro au pied de l'immeuble
27976		In a vibrant neighborhood, between Bastille and Nation close to great restaurants, markets, bars and shops. The metro is just outside the house. The apartment is new, beautiful and calm. Ideal for young couples that want an perfect Paris experience
27977	Duplex 7/8 étages avec vue dégagée sur la Tour Eiffel et autre, l'appartement est très lumineux et ensoleillé 7ème étage vous avez l'entrée,  une salle d'eau avec WC, douche et lave linge, une porte fenêtre donnant accès à la  terrasse arborée de 40m2 très agréable. 8ème étage un salon  salle à manger donnant sur un balcon filant de 10m2 surplombant la terrasse, une cuisine équipée. Côté jardin une chambre pour  2 personnes avec lit 150X190 communiquant avec sa salle de bain et WC. La résidence se situe dans un petit passage arboré tranquille. Le quartier est très sympathique, branché proche du Marais et de Bastille des galeries d'art, boutiques, restaurants typiques vraiment sympathiques. Vous avez le Bus 69 juste en bas de l'immeuble qui vous emmène jusqu'à la Tour Eiffel. les lignes de métro numéros 5 station Richard Lenoir et 9 station St Ambroise pour aller aux Champs Elysées c'est parfait ces stations sont très proches de l'immeuble.	Duplex 7/8 étages avec vue dégagée sur la Tour Eiffel et autre, l'appartement est très lumineux et ensoleillé 7ème étage vous avez l'entrée,  une salle d'eau avec WC, douche et lave linge, une porte fenêtre donnant accès à la  terrasse arborée de 40m2 très agréable. 8ème étage un salon  salle à manger donnant sur un balcon filant de 10m2 surplombant la terrasse, une cuisine équipée. Côté jardin une chambre pour  2 personnes avec lit 150X190 communiquant avec sa salle de bain et WC. La résidence se situe dans un petit passage arboré tranquille. Le quartier est très sympathique, branché proche du Marais et de Bastille des galeries d'art, boutiques, restaurants typiques vraiment sympathiques. Vous avez le Bus 69 juste en bas de l'immeuble qui vous emmène jusqu'à la Tour Eiffel. les lignes de métro numéros 5 station Richard Lenoir et 9 station St Ambroise pour aller aux Champs Elysées c'est parfait ces stations sont très proches de l'immeuble.
27978		2 pieces de charme refait a neuf avec parquet et moulures (36m2), cuisine equipee et salle de bain, idealement situe en plein coeur du 11eme, a 10 minutes a pied de Bastille, Pere Lachaise et Oberkampf-Parmentier, parfait pour un sejour parisien a une ou deux personnes.  No wifi but MC Donald close to thé place
27979	Appartement tout confort en plein cœur de PARIS dans le quartier d’Oberkampf 11ème et à 2mn du Marais, entre Bastille et République. Station de Métro :  Ligne 8 Station Fille du Calvaire Ligne 9 & 5 station Oberkampf Proche de toute les commodités. Apt de 4 pièces (55m2) Tout confort :  Composé d’une cuisine équipée et meublée, salon salle à mangé, une salle de douche avec WC, trois chambres (dont 2 avec lit d'une personne et une avec lit de deux personnes)    Les plus :  En plein centre de Paris, très bien desservi par le métro et les bus. À 1 mn de la Place des Vosges 20 mn de la place du Châtelet Toutes les pièces donnent sur une cour intérieure. Le linge de lit et de toilette est fourni. Tarif  pour :                  1 nuits 129 €,  Ménage supplément de 60€ personne supplémentaire : tarif supplémentaire Photo supplémentaire sur demande.  POUR D’AUTRE DATES ME CONSULTER 	Appartement tout confort en plein cœur de PARIS dans le quartier d’Oberkampf 11ème et à 2mn du Marais, entre Bastille et République. Station de Métro :  Ligne 8 Station Fille du Calvaire Ligne 9 & 5 station Oberkampf Proche de toute les commodités. Apt de 4 pièces (55m2) Tout confort :  Composé d’une cuisine équipée et meublée, salon salle à mangé, une salle de douche avec WC, trois chambres (dont 2 avec lit d'une personne et une avec lit de deux personnes)    Les plus :  En plein centre de Paris, très bien desservi par le métro et les bus. À 1 mn de la Place des Vosges 20 mn de la place du Châtelet Toutes les pièces donnent sur une cour intérieure. Le linge de lit et de toilette est fourni. Tarif  pour :                  1 nuits 129 €,  Ménage supplément de 60€ personne supplémentaire : tarif supplémentaire Photo supplémentaire sur demande.  POUR D’AUTRE DATES ME CONSULTER 
27980	The apt is really cosy and really calm. There are two balconies and a lot of natural light. You have one main room with a sofa, one bedroom with a bed (140cm * 200cm) and a carboard to store your clothes, one private bathroom and a small kitchen. The apt is at the 6th floor (without elevator). The apt is suitable for a couple or a person alone.	Nice apt, very quiet. View on Paris roofs. One bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a sofa. 3 windows and 2 balconies. Nice area with many cafes, restaurants, bars around. 200 meters from subway. The apt is really cosy and really calm. There are two balconies and a lot of natural light. You have one main room with a sofa, one bedroom with a bed (140cm * 200cm) and a carboard to store your clothes, one private bathroom and a small kitchen. The apt is at the 6th floor (without elevator). The apt is suitable for a couple or a person alone. Everything is included for your stay: wifi, sheets, towels, heating, water, electricity, etc... It is located just between 2 fancy areas in Paris: Canal Saint Martin and Oberkampf. Both with lots of nice cafes, restaurants, bars. One of the Best area to discover in Paris. It is close to Republique from where you can get anywhere in Paris with subway lines 3 / 5 / 8 / 9 / 11.  You have a city bike station just down the apt.
27981	Unique because located in the center of Paris , in one of the most popular neighborhoods. The apartment is 25,5m2 .	Apartment located in the center of Paris , Place de la Bastille . Welcoming, warm and conveniently located . 2 people can accommodate and is located in a busy street in Paris . Located in a courtyard so outside sounds don't reach the apartment. Unique because located in the center of Paris , in one of the most popular neighborhoods. The apartment is 25,5m2 . Travelers rent the apartment so they have access to all the apartment and its accessories. Travelers can contact me whenever they want . I will be there to greet you and give you the keys and at your departure. Bastille area is lively every day of the week. You will find bars , restaurant, supermarket at 2 steps from the apartment . The metro is a 1 minute walk and allows you to get where you want quickly in the capital. Metro (line 1 , 8, 5) + bus. All at 1 minute walk from the apartment. Near: -Opera Bastille, built on the site of the former Bastille station - Place de la Bastille - Arsenal Port - Planted Promenade - July Column 
27982	DESCRIPTION  OF  THE APPARTMENT « Passage du Chemin Vert » Appartment. 2 rooms very lightened (Double exposition, 4 windows with double-glazing, 4th and top floor of the building. The sleepping room: big wardrobe, 140 cm bed for 2 persons (excellent bedding), 1 desk. deco:  marble fireplace and parisian woodenfloor. The lounge room:  sofa bed for 2 , TV,  DVD player, HI-fi, Méridienne, cofee table . Déco : fireplace and parisian woodenfloor. The kitchen: entirely equiped and functional. fridge/freezer, hoven/ micro-wave, extractor, ceramic hob 2 fires , full crokery and kitchen  utensil,  electric kettle, coffee machine, toaster. The bathroom: shower, toilets, sink, washing machine, water tank. WI-FI, TV with international channels. Iron , ironing board, vacuum, fire alarms. SPOKEN LANGUANGES BY THE OWNERS : English,spanish, portuguese and french  	The apartment is situated on the lovely Bastille area (800 mètres) in the heart of Paris. On the 4th  and last floor of a Parisian building 1900 in pink bricks Very quiet street with trees. DESCRIPTION  OF  THE APPARTMENT « Passage du Chemin Vert » Appartment. 2 rooms very lightened (Double exposition, 4 windows with double-glazing, 4th and top floor of the building. The sleepping room: big wardrobe, 140 cm bed for 2 persons (excellent bedding), 1 desk. deco:  marble fireplace and parisian woodenfloor. The lounge room:  sofa bed for 2 , TV,  DVD player, HI-fi, Méridienne, cofee table . Déco : fireplace and parisian woodenfloor. The kitchen: entirely equiped and functional. fridge/freezer, hoven/ micro-wave, extractor, ceramic hob 2 fires , full crokery and kitchen  utensil,  electric kettle, coffee machine, toaster. The bathroom: shower, toilets, sink, washing machine, water tank. WI-FI, TV with international channels. Iron , ironing board, vacuum, fire alarms. SPOKEN LANGUANGES BY THE
27983	L appartement est très bien situé mais reste au calme. Il est très lumineux.	2 pièces, très lumineux, cuisine équipée,accueillant, dans quartier animé proche de la place de la Bastille et la place de la Nation. Idéal pour sortir, faire les boutiques, découvrir Paris ! L'appartement se trouve côté cour, au calme. L appartement est très bien situé mais reste au calme. Il est très lumineux. La proximité avec tous les commerces, le marché d Alligre, les bars, de très bons restaurant (nous laisserons une liste). Super ballades a faire à pied : cimetière du Père Lachaise, jardin des plantes, Marais...etc Metro ligne 8 ledru rollin ou faidherbe Chaligny a 5 min à pied. Metro ligne 9 charonne a 10 minutes à pied Gare de Lyon a 15 min à pied. Bus 86 qui amène au centre de Paris en 10 minutes. Quartier du marais à 20 min à pied. Des draps propres et serviettes de toilette seront préparés. Sèche cheveux Fer à repasser Vaisselle Tv (freebox)
27984	Very close to the Square Gardette, charming 2 rooms flat of 28 sq meters totally renovated during summer 2011. Fully equipped and furnished, very comfortable with  air-conditioned, orientation due south, sunny and quiet for 2/4 persons. Situated in a nice, cut stone building, it is on 6th and top floor (no elevator) with stained glass on the stairs. One bedroom with a double bed A living room with a sofa bed for two plus table, television and hifi stereo A fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, vitro ceramic, oven and microwave A bathroom with shower, washing machine and separated toilets. Sheets and towels are included. Location : At mid distance between two metro stations (400 meters each way) St Ambroise (ligne 3) and St Maur (ligne 9), this flat is ideally situated for an easy access to all touristic spots in Paris. Considered as a popular area in the past, the 11st arrondissement is now a trendy district especially because of the place de la bastille, the rue Oberkampf and the 	Very close to the Square Gardette, charming 2 rooms flat of 28 sq meters totally renovated during summer 2011. Fully equipped and furnished, very comfortable with  air-conditioned, orientation due south, sunny and quiet for 2/4 persons. Situated in a nice, cut stone building, it is on 6th and top floor (no elevator) with stained glass on the stairs. One bedroom with a double bed A living room with a sofa bed for two plus table, television and hifi stereo A fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, vitro ceramic, oven and microwave A bathroom with shower, washing machine and separated toilets. Sheets and towels are included. Location : At mid distance between two metro stations (400 meters each way) St Ambroise (ligne 3) and St Maur (ligne 9), this flat is ideally situated for an easy access to all touristic spots in Paris. Considered as a popular area in the past, the 11st arrondissement is now a trendy district especially because of the place de la bastille, the rue Oberkampf and the 
27985	On 2nd floor (served by 2 elevators) overlooking boulevard and garden.  Kitchen with electric hob, oven, microwave, diswasher and coffee maker. first room: 1 bed for 2( 160x200 cm) second  room: 2 beds for 1 (90x190 cm) Free wifi , TV with internationnal channels , dvd and blu ray players with many films. Free calls more than 100 destinations(USA...) on landline phone.	Located 10 minutes walk from the Place de la Bastille (restaurants and bars) and Marais (museums, ballads). Residence with gardiens   70 m2 (750 square feet )  fully renovated in April 2014 for 4 people. On 2nd floor (served by 2 elevators) overlooking boulevard and garden.  Kitchen with electric hob, oven, microwave, diswasher and coffee maker. first room: 1 bed for 2( 160x200 cm) second  room: 2 beds for 1 (90x190 cm) Free wifi , TV with internationnal channels , dvd and blu ray players with many films. Free calls more than 100 destinations(USA...) on landline phone. On the Boardwalk Boulevard Richard Lenoir with his garden.    Metro (line 5) is at the bottom of the building.  Supermarket, Municipal swimming pool and bike rental at the bottom of the residence.  Paris Bastille market on Thursday and Sunday. Hair dryer, iron and ironing board, microwave, oven, coffee maker, diswasher.
27986	The terrasse is very nice with strawberries, table for 4 persons, and barbecue!	"Nice appartement with terrace 10min away from  Père Lachaise (walking distance) the Louvre (15 min by metro) and 10 minutes away from the train station (gare de Lyon). The terrasse is very nice with strawberries, table for 4 persons, and barbecue! The neighborhood is like a small village, there is a market on sunday morning, small streets with house of artists. It is close to Père Lachaise and Vincennes forest A lot of public transportation: metro line 1, 2, 6, 9 and RER A. In the night it is very easy to reach by night buses. It is 2 metro station away from ""Gare de Lyon"" (train station). It is also easy to reach by car thanks to the ""periphérique"" surronding Paris."
27987	Petite maison d'artiste sur 2 niveaux, indépendante et au calme, au fond de la 2ème cour de l' immeuble . Le rez de chaussée  de 19m² comprend une petite cuisine d'appoint et un  salon charmant donnant sur les plantes de la cour . Un escalier en colimaçon donne accès à une salle de bain avec baignoire sabot, suivie d'une grande chambre-bureau  surplombée d'une mezzanine confortable, aménagée d'un lit 2 places.  Idéal pour 2 personnes. Mais il est possible d'accueillir 2 autres personnes dans le canapé convertible du salon. Dans le 11ème arrondissement de Paris, au croisement de la rue du Chemin Vert et du Boulevard Voltaire, à 5 minutes à pied du quartier Oberkampf	Little artist's house, independent, with 2 Levels, quiet among plants, in the background of the second building yard. Ideal for 2 people, but it is possible to accommodate 2 more in the living room sofa.
27988	"The flat is 34 square meters ""double oriented"" and  feels much bigger as it has lots of light. It is very cosy for 2 or 3 people with confortable sofa-beds plus a dining area and a desk. Decorated with style to make your stay pleasant.  The kitchen has basic equipment for cooking including: micro-waves, toaster, kettle."	"Charming flat composed of two areas plus kitchen and toilets. The big room is very luminous exposed to a calm street near a very lively area of Paris. It is furnished with a comformtable Sofa-Bed for two (1.20cm large), chimenea. The flat is 34 square meters ""double oriented"" and  feels much bigger as it has lots of light. It is very cosy for 2 or 3 people with confortable sofa-beds plus a dining area and a desk. Decorated with style to make your stay pleasant.  The kitchen has basic equipment for cooking including: micro-waves, toaster, kettle. The neighborhood is safe and full of shops, restaurants and bars ( repuplique/bastille/oberkampf). The appartment is conviniently located near Bastille and Oberkampf where you can find a lot of restaurants and bars in a very lively and not very expensive area in Paris.  Just in front of the building there is a small market very useful. Nearest metro station is Saint Ambroise. 200m away."
27989	Appartement 2 pièces avec : - un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 places - une cuisine américaine - un wc - une chambre avec un lit 2 places - une salle de bain avec baignoire	Appartement calme situé dans un quartier sympathique de Paris, proche de la Bastille et de Nation, très bien desservi par les transports (lignes de métro 1,2,6, 9 et RER A) et avec tous les commerces à proximité. Appartement 2 pièces avec : - un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 places - une cuisine américaine - un wc - une chambre avec un lit 2 places - une salle de bain avec baignoire Quartier typiquement parisien, avec tous les petits commerces et supermarchés à proximité. Beaucoup de cafés et restaurants sympathiques et de qualité, où l'on mange très bien... Proche de la Bastille, de la Place de la Nation, du cimetière du Père Lachaise... Très bien desservi par les transports Métro 1,2,6 et 9 RER A Idéal pour visiter Paris ! quelques stations de métro suffisent pour aller où on veut
27990		Bonjour! je loue mon appartement d'environ 35m2, chaleureux, lumineux et très bien placé, à 20 mètres de la place de la République, on peut donc sans hésitation aller à pieds dans le marais, à Beaubourg ou le long du canal St-Martin. A bientôt!!
27991	Un superbe Duplex de 100m² parfait pour une famille de passage a Paris. Au 7 ieme étage d'un immeuble sécurisé. composé de Trois chambres, deux fois 160cm dans les deux premières et un lit gigogne dans la troisième, (2 lits simples superposés). 	Un superbe Duplex de 100m² parfait pour une famille de passage a Paris. Au 7 ieme étage d'un immeuble sécurisé. composé de Trois chambres, deux fois 160cm dans les deux premières et un lit gigogne dans la troisième, (2 lits simples superposés).  Ligne 2 alexandre Dumas Ligne 9 Charonne
27992		Confortable deux-pièces aux poutres apparentes avec terrasse, au calme à 5 minutes de la Place de la Bastille. Cuisine US, chambre et salle de bain à l'étage. Wifi gratuit, TV. Quartier animé, nombreux restaurants et transports au pied de l'immeuble. Quartier vivant avec nombreux commerçants et restaurants, et le marché Beauvau ouvert 6 jours sur 7. Tous les transports à deux pas de l'immeuble. Métro : ligne 8 (devant l'immeuble), 1 et 5 (5 mins à pied). Bus : 86, 76, 61 (devant l'immeuble) RER : A et D (10 mins) Gare de Lyon à 10 mins Appartement non fumeur. Vous pouvez fumer sur la terrasse.
27993	Welcome in the new trendy neighbourhood of the 11th district near the Place de la Bastille. It is rich of history, and you will be able to visit the ancient prison of Bastille and numerous places which marked our history and the French Revolution.  Before, it was a worker district welcoming plenty of crafty companies, which now transformed into concepts stores, vintage shops, trendy bars and artistic workshops.  Very beautiful apartment with 3 rooms and friendly at the same time and  with a tasteful ornament, which can welcome until 4 people. It is perfect for your business trips and family holidays.  There is a parking lot available for you if you asked for it before hand. The apartment has a bedroom with a wide double bed, a lot of space to put your things in order with some closets and a beautiful view of the garden. Then you have a second room with a sofa bed with a real mattress, allowing you to transform the room into a bedroom, the choice is yours!  The living room is really com	Very spacious flat, located in the 11th district of Paris. really bright and functional, this apartment is well equipped and you'll definitely love it. Welcome in the new trendy neighbourhood of the 11th district near the Place de la Bastille. It is rich of history, and you will be able to visit the ancient prison of Bastille and numerous places which marked our history and the French Revolution.  Before, it was a worker district welcoming plenty of crafty companies, which now transformed into concepts stores, vintage shops, trendy bars and artistic workshops.  Very beautiful apartment with 3 rooms and friendly at the same time and  with a tasteful ornament, which can welcome until 4 people. It is perfect for your business trips and family holidays.  There is a parking lot available for you if you asked for it before hand. The apartment has a bedroom with a wide double bed, a lot of space to put your things in order with some closets and a beautiful view of the garden. Then you have a 
27994	On the ground floor in a quiet green courtyard, studio 15m2 with old stone wall and beams in a small house about 1850. Completely renovated including bathroom with toilet and shower, a kitchenette and a sleeping area for 2 people and a sofa bed for 1 person.  Fully equipped kitchenette with hob and fridge.  Sheets and towels (website hidden), WiFi Internet	On the ground floor in a quiet green courtyard, studio 15m2, completely renovated including bathroom with toilet and shower, a fully equipped kitchenette with hob and fridge, a sleeping area for 2 people and a sofa bed for 1 person.  On the ground floor in a quiet green courtyard, studio 15m2 with old stone wall and beams in a small house about 1850. Completely renovated including bathroom with toilet and shower, a kitchenette and a sleeping area for 2 people and a sofa bed for 1 person.  Fully equipped kitchenette with hob and fridge.  Sheets and towels (website hidden), WiFi Internet METRO: Voltaire or Breguet-Sabin I can give advice and recommendations. You can call me or write me an email. 5-7 minutes to the Bastille. The Marais area is a 15 minute walk. METRO: Voltaire (line 9) or Breguet-Sabin (line 5) or Bastille (line 1) Entrance code of the first door : 14a28
27995	The studio will be available when we are out of town; a friendly parisian will show you to the flat. This means it is fully equipped to live in it. Being on a 5th floor (no elevator), and on a corner, the place is sunny all day, but fresh and full of big windows to keep you comfortable. There is a nice park one block away where you can take a walk or go jogging as many parisians do.	"Our cute and sunny studio is located on a live and central area of Paris. Our street has plenty of nice restaurants, bistrots and bars.  The studio will be available when we are out of town; a friendly parisian will show you to the flat. This means it is fully equipped to live in it. Being on a 5th floor (no elevator), and on a corner, the place is sunny all day, but fresh and full of big windows to keep you comfortable. There is a nice park one block away where you can take a walk or go jogging as many parisians do. Unlike many Parisian studios this is not the ""either you open the bed or use the kitchen"", the studio is spacious and won´t make you feel trapped. You will obviously have the place for yourself, a nice sleeping area, a small chill out and a kitchen with dinner. The place is perfect for couples or couples with a kid if the kid is willing to sleep in comfy matress on the floor. Our relatives live a couple doors away, in case there is any problem. You will find all kinds of r"
27996	"2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking.  Studio la Fontaine is a well-equipped cozy 15 sq. meter studio apartment that has a warm, comfortable feel. It can sleep up to 2 guests. Located in one of the most loved neighborhoods by trendy Parisians and those in the know.  Hip area with many funky shops, trendy restaurants and innovative art galleries. Fully furnished and stylishly decorated, this apartment is located in a historic building built in the 18th century with elevator. Located on a very pretty square, your window looks out over the trees and the fountain of the square, which includes a bakery, a deli, a few famous restaurants such as Astier, a bar, a cafe and a pharmacy. 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. The apartment is entirely tiled in terracotta, with large exposed wood ceiling beams, characteristic of ""Ancient Paris"". The apartment can sleep up to 2 people with the day bed that separ"	Bright and Cozy Studio Apartment for  2 Guests. Enjoy Great Authentic Location.  Historic Building with Elevator. Outdoor Market a block away. Steps to Rue Oberkampf & Canal St Martin. Minutes to the Marais District or Bastille.  2 Free Cruise Tix ! 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking.  Studio la Fontaine is a well-equipped cozy 15 sq. meter studio apartment that has a warm, comfortable feel. It can sleep up to 2 guests. Located in one of the most loved neighborhoods by trendy Parisians and those in the know.  Hip area with many funky shops, trendy restaurants and innovative art galleries. Fully furnished and stylishly decorated, this apartment is located in a historic building built in the 18th century with elevator. Located on a very pretty square, your window looks out over the trees and the fountain of the square, which includes a bakery, a deli, a few famous restaurants such as Astier, a bar, a cafe and a pharmacy. 2 Free River Cruise 
27997	Ce petit logement est excellemment situé dans un quartier très animés en journée comme en soirée. À deux pas du studio on peut trouver des nombreux bars et commerces. 	Petit studio (ancienne chambre de bonne,10m2 environ), bien équipé, au 4e étage sans ascenseur. Situé à 2min à pied du métro et du cimetière de Père Lachaise et du métro Ménilmontant. Quartier très sympa et convivial. Marché à 50m mardi et vendredi. Ce petit logement est excellemment situé dans un quartier très animés en journée comme en soirée. À deux pas du studio on peut trouver des nombreux bars et commerces.  Cette zone du 20e arrondissement est une des plus convoités et recherchés par les parisiens et les touristes voulant dépenser un peu moins tout en ayant des ambiances typiquement parisiennes. C'est aussi un quartier très recherché pour y vivre et pour sortir en soirée, mêlant des ambiances pluriethniques, mais aussi classiquement françaises.    Les métros Père Lachaise et Ménilmontant sont à 5 minutes à pied. Par ailleurs, le bus 96 au même arrêt que le métro, traverse tout Paris pouvant vous déposer tout près de Bastille, San Paul, Chatelet, Saint Michel, le quartier latin, 
27998	"PARIS - 11th district next to Bastille. Two (2) rooms apartment in center. Charming and very light : small corridor that gives into the bedroom and on the left into the living room and the small kitchen with 3 windows. The bathroom has a natural light and the bath tube. There is a protected WIFI.  The apartment is personal and cosy. I trust tine ""invitees"" to leave and respect the apartment the way they find it. I leave my personal belongings and cloth (the closets are NOT empty).  The clean sheets and towels will be waiting for you. Rue Charonne is a neighborhood with delicious restaurants and further down in the street some nice bars and stylish shops. Metro station (metro Charonne or Faidherbe Chaligny)  is round the corner, and the bus station driving directly to Louvre is in front of the entrance of the house. Several supermarkets and also a bio market are situated 3 minutes from the apartment. The traditional fruit/vegetable/meet market with a small flea market ""Alligre"" is 10min"	"PARIS - 11th district next to Bastille. Two (2) rooms apartment in center. Charming and very light : small corridor that gives into the bedroom and on the left into the living room and the small kitchen with 3 windows. The bathroom has a natural light and the bath tube. There is a protected WIFI.  The apartment is personal and cosy. I trust tine ""invitees"" to leave and respect the apartment the way they find it. I leave my personal belongings and cloth (the closets are NOT empty).  The clean sheets and towels will be waiting for you. Rue Charonne is a neighborhood with delicious restaurants and further down in the street some nice bars and stylish shops. Metro station (metro Charonne or Faidherbe Chaligny)  is round the corner, and the bus station driving directly to Louvre is in front of the entrance of the house. Several supermarkets and also a bio market are situated 3 minutes from the apartment. The traditional fruit/vegetable/meet market with a small flea market ""Alligre"" is 10min"
27999	Le logement est très calme et donne sur une cour sans vis à vis.  Il dispose d'une grande salle de bain et est entièrement équipé pour cuisiner ( micro-onde, plaques, etc.)	"Idéalement placé, vous voilà à l'Est de Paris et sa remarquable vie diurne et nocturne !  A deux pas de Menilsmontant et de Père Lachaise, à une enjambée d'Oberkampf (10 min à pied) , et à quelques pas de Bastille (10 min à pied)  Bon séjour ! Le logement est très calme et donne sur une cour sans vis à vis.  Il dispose d'une grande salle de bain et est entièrement équipé pour cuisiner ( micro-onde, plaques, etc.) N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour tout conseil ou demande d'information. C'est un quartier cosmopolite et très vivant. L'occasion de vivre un Paris authentique et contemporain.  salle de concerts, lieux d'exposition, restaurants,bar, lieux confidentiels de Paris, le tout à portée de main ... Il est très bien desservi en Bus, et permet de visiter la ville autrement et pour pas cher. On n'y pense pas assez ...Je vous laisse mes ""conseils  bus"" dans l'appartement. Vous trouverez nombreuses lignes de métro autour de vous. Ligne 2 : métro Père Lachaise ligne 3 : métro Saint Maur et"
28000	C'est la première fois que nous mettons notre appartement en (email hidden)ors n'hésitez pas et vous ne serez pas déçus par ce Bel appartement familial au 4é ét. avec ascenceur calme et lumineux. 2 Chambres (1 avec grand lit double et 1 avec 2 lits simples) possibilité deux couchages dans le salon avec canapé lit. Proche de tous commerces, nombreux restaurants. Au pied de la ligne 9 station Voltaire et 5 minutes de la ligne 8 station Faidherbes. A 5 minutes à pieds de Bastille, 10 minutes du Marais et 10 minutes du Père Lachaise If you need informations in english do not hesitate to ask. We will aswer with pleasure. 	Appartement familial tout confort. Calme et Lumineux au coeur du 11è arrondissement de paris. Proche Métros et commerces. C'est la première fois que nous mettons notre appartement en (email hidden)ors n'hésitez pas et vous ne serez pas déçus par ce Bel appartement familial au 4é ét. avec ascenceur calme et lumineux. 2 Chambres (1 avec grand lit double et 1 avec 2 lits simples) possibilité deux couchages dans le salon avec canapé lit. Proche de tous commerces, nombreux restaurants. Au pied de la ligne 9 station Voltaire et 5 minutes de la ligne 8 station Faidherbes. A 5 minutes à pieds de Bastille, 10 minutes du Marais et 10 minutes du Père Lachaise If you need informations in english do not hesitate to ask. We will aswer with pleasure. A disposition :  wifi, lave linge, sèche linge. Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. Appartement entièrement non fumeur et animaux non acceptés. L'appartement est disponible pour 14h à l'arrivée et le départ doit se faire à 11h. Nous serons présents 
28001	Apartment with a lovely south facing balcony where you can enjoy breakfast or a drink after a long day visiting Paris. High floor in courtyard with green space, enjoy the morning sun bathes in the living room and the rooms is a delight, if the weather permits enjoy a breakfast before enjoying the activities offered Paris. There is a lift to help you through your return and your luggage. No smoking except on the balcony. The living room is large and bright and has a table to enjoy a meal with (website hidden) and WiFi are provided of course. The kitchen is available (washing machine, microwave, refrigerator, toaster, iron / ironing board, etc ...) There are two bedrooms with 1 double bed in each. If you want to come to 5 people, there is an extra bed. In the apartment the toilet are separated from the bathroom which has a bath. Towels and linens are provided. A 5-minute walk from one of the most historic places in Paris: Place de la Bastille. Five subway lines (Line 1, 5, 8, 9) and nume	Enjoy the tranquility of the apartment in the center of Paris, led by historic opera house, shops, markets, cafes, restaurants, bars, near the theater. Easy access, bright, high floor with a lift. Apartment with a lovely south facing balcony where you can enjoy breakfast or a drink after a long day visiting Paris. High floor in courtyard with green space, enjoy the morning sun bathes in the living room and the rooms is a delight, if the weather permits enjoy a breakfast before enjoying the activities offered Paris. There is a lift to help you through your return and your luggage. No smoking except on the balcony. The living room is large and bright and has a table to enjoy a meal with (website hidden) and WiFi are provided of course. The kitchen is available (washing machine, microwave, refrigerator, toaster, iron / ironing board, etc ...) There are two bedrooms with 1 double bed in each. If you want to come to 5 people, there is an extra bed. In the apartment the toilet are separated 
28002	L'appartement est au coeur du 11ème arrondissement, à proximité de Bastille, d'Oberkampf, de République et du Canal Saint Martin, du Père Lachaise et du Marais. Situé au 7ème étage, l'appartement est très ensoleillé et fonctionnel. Il permet d'accueillir 6 personnes au maximum (2 chambres double + un canapé lit dans le salon). Les WC et la salle de bain sont séparés, la cuisine est séparée du coin séjour et salle à manger. Un grand placard central et des armoires dans chacune des chambres offrent un large choix de rangement.Les chambres donnent sur les jardins et sont donc au calme. 	Profitez d'un appartement ensoleillé au 7eme étage au coeur du 11ème arrondissement. Très fonctionnel et proche de tous commerces et moyens de transport, profitez de la proximité avec le Canal Saint Martin, le Marais, la République ou la Bastille pour découvrir Paris ! L'appartement est au coeur du 11ème arrondissement, à proximité de Bastille, d'Oberkampf, de République et du Canal Saint Martin, du Père Lachaise et du Marais. Situé au 7ème étage, l'appartement est très ensoleillé et fonctionnel. Il permet d'accueillir 6 personnes au maximum (2 chambres double + un canapé lit dans le salon). Les WC et la salle de bain sont séparés, la cuisine est séparée du coin séjour et salle à manger. Un grand placard central et des armoires dans chacune des chambres offrent un large choix de rangement.Les chambres donnent sur les jardins et sont donc au calme. Tout l'appartement est à votre disposition. Nous serons ravis de vous présenter les atouts du quartier et de vous aider à tout moment. Au co
28003		Deux-pièces de 28m2 accueillant, douillet et chaleureux! Peut loger deux personnes à 10 min à pied de Bastille, de la place de la Nation ,donnant sur cours, à 15 min du centre par le Bus. Il est a 50m du metro par la ligne 9 station Charonne. Autrefois ouvrier le 11ème est un quartier ou il fait bon vivre, l'appartement est à 5 min à pied du père Lachaise. Aujourd’hui devenue un quartier branché notamment vers la place de la Bastille, la rue de Lappe avec ses bar de nuits et discothèque . Très bien desservis part les metro, 9, 2, 1 à (nation), bus 76 direct vers le centre et plus précisement  à 20 min du musée du Louvre.
28004	A nicely designed flat (40m2) in the center of Paris.  The flat is on the second floor (there is a lift in the building), the apartment has everything that you will need:  a large light room with an open kitchen fully equipped (washing machine, dish washer, toaster, kettle, microwave/ oven), a dining area, and a living room area. It is ideal for two people! 	This nicely designed and chic apartment is perfectly located in a nice street (Rue keller) also very quiet , in the Bastille neighborhood ,with lots of nice bar and restaurant. near the model opera. A nicely designed flat (40m2) in the center of Paris.  The flat is on the second floor (there is a lift in the building), the apartment has everything that you will need:  a large light room with an open kitchen fully equipped (washing machine, dish washer, toaster, kettle, microwave/ oven), a dining area, and a living room area. It is ideal for two people! Very close to the Leon Blum (Voltaire) square in the 11th Arrondissement, 100 m from metro line 9 (Voltaire). We are happy to recommend you on restaurants and bars. 11 Arrondissement is a very cool neighborhood, with lots of nice bar and restaurant. The flat is a 10 minute walk to Oberkampf and 15 minute walk to Bastille. Many options for transport: Metro Voltaire (line 9) and bus stops (lines (phone number hidden)). All are within 3 min
28005	Overlooking parisians roofs and skyline. 10minutes walk to Bastille ( Opera and Harbour). 20mn walk to Marais ( Place des Vosges). 10mn Rue de Lappe. 3 mn Rue de la Roquette. 10 mn Père la Chaise. 30 minutes walk to Hotel de ville ( heart of Paris). Lovely, colourful and quiet apartment with 2 balconies not overlooked. 55 M2. Haussmanian listed building.  Each room and living room have theirs balconies. Kitchen open on the living-room. Moroccan handmade style bathroom. 6th floor ( no lift)	Overlooking roofs and skyline 180°! 10minutes walk to Bastille (Opera & Harbour). 20mn walk to Marais ( Place des Vosges). 10mn Rue de Lappe. 3 mn Roquette. 10 mn Père la Chaise.  30 minutes walk to Hotel de ville (heart of Paris). 2 balconies. Overlooking parisians roofs and skyline. 10minutes walk to Bastille ( Opera and Harbour). 20mn walk to Marais ( Place des Vosges). 10mn Rue de Lappe. 3 mn Rue de la Roquette. 10 mn Père la Chaise. 30 minutes walk to Hotel de ville ( heart of Paris). Lovely, colourful and quiet apartment with 2 balconies not overlooked. 55 M2. Haussmanian listed building.  Each room and living room have theirs balconies. Kitchen open on the living-room. Moroccan handmade style bathroom. 6th floor ( no lift) Full acces to the whole apartment. Please be kind enough to smoke in balconies. I will welcome you. Available on my mobile phone.  2 of my neighbours in the building can also advise you. They speak english. Building very close ( 50 meters ) to Metro Charonne o
28006	- 33sq meters w/ great balcony (including an outdoor table for two) that runs the length of the apartment. It can be accessed from two separate rooms. - new kitchen was just installed, including a refrigerator, double induction burners, oven/microwave, and everything you need to cook at home (which you will want to do after visiting the Bastille outdoor market or Marché d’Aligre  - new washing machine - fireplace  - bathtub/shower - separate WC 	Harwdood flrs, full kitchen, double French doors open to balcony filled w/ herbs, olive trees & table for 2. Near Voltaire b/w Bastille & Pere Lachaise. Just mins walking to great restaurants (Bones, Paul Bert) & wine bars (Septime La Baron Rouge). - 33sq meters w/ great balcony (including an outdoor table for two) that runs the length of the apartment. It can be accessed from two separate rooms. - new kitchen was just installed, including a refrigerator, double induction burners, oven/microwave, and everything you need to cook at home (which you will want to do after visiting the Bastille outdoor market or Marché d’Aligre  - new washing machine - fireplace  - bathtub/shower - separate WC In the area you can find: Lots of farmers markets: -Bastille market -Marché d’Aligre  -Marché Charonne And wine bars: - Le Baron Rouge (my all time favorite): (website hidden) - Septime Wine Cave: (website hidden) Restaurants: -Bones (2 minutes form apartment): (website hidden) -Septime (my personal f
28007	Typically Parisian apartment. Courtyard view and Parisian rooftops! photos will happen! Please note, no monthly rental.	"I share my Parisian apartment located between Bastille and Nation! I offer you a beautiful spacious room with hardwood floors, moldings and fireplace. ! Very lively district rather Bobo. Breakfast and small attentions! Typically Parisian apartment. Courtyard view and Parisian rooftops! photos will happen! Please note, no monthly rental. Your room is at the back of the apartment so it protects your privacy. The living areas are shared. Smoking allowed. Metro station 50 meters. I probably will be present during the stay. Sofa in the living room. I will exchange with you with pleasure! I love meeting people from different backgrounds and share with them! I SPEAK ENGLISH I love my neighborhood ! Lot of trendy restaurants, bars, art gallery, nice shops...and nature areas ! Love it ! Metro line 9 stop ""Rue Des Boulets"". Exit and walk about 50 meters to reach the flat."
28008	Très joli 2-pièces avec beaucoup de charme : murs en pierre, murs colombages, paroi en verre laissant passer la lumière... Chaque pièce est lumineuse et spacieuse, on s'y sent bien ! Idéal pour couple ou petit groupe d'amis...	"Appartement 2-pièces avec salon, coin cuisine, chambre et sdb. Très agréable, original,  lumineux et calme. A 10 min à pieds de la Bastille, parfait pour vivre ""à la parisienne"" en étant proche du centre historique et des quartiers branchés. Très joli 2-pièces avec beaucoup de charme : murs en pierre, murs colombages, paroi en verre laissant passer la lumière... Chaque pièce est lumineuse et spacieuse, on s'y sent bien ! Idéal pour couple ou petit groupe d'amis... Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement : le salon, cuisine, la chambre, la salle de bain. Ma petite-amie et moi-même serons là pour vous accueillir au début et à la fin de votre séjour. Nous restons disponibles par téléphone pour toutes vos petites questions. Et surtout nous connaissons Paris et le quartier comme notre poche, nous pourrons vous conseiller tous les meilleurs endroits pour sortir, visiter, flâner...profiter de la ville ! Métro Voltaire (ligne 9) ou Bréguet-Sabin (ligne 5) ou Ledru-Rollin (ligne 8) L'appartement "
28009	Meublé entièrement rénové à 2 minutes de la place de la Bastille proche du quartier du marais et de la célèbre place des Vosges. Ce studio au 2ème étage sans ascenseur est calme car il donne sur la cour. L'appartement est à proximité d'une des rues les plus pittoresques de Paris la rue de Lappe  très réputée pour sa vie nocturne, devenue aujourd'hui le cœur du quartier branché de la Bastille. Le quartier est très commerçant, marché le dimanche et le jeudi à 5 minutes, très apprécié des touristes pour ses produits régionaux, nombreux restaurants typiques aux cuisines variées De belles promenades sont à prévoir le long du port de plaisance de l'Arsenal au pied de la place de la Bastille, vous pourrez rejoindre à pieds l’île Saint Louis, le Marais, la place des Vosges, la cathédrale Notre Dame... Station de métro Bastille : lignes  8 , 1 , 5 desservant directement République, le quartier de L’opéra Garnier, le musée du Louvre, Saint Paul, Hotel de ville, Champs Elysées, le quartier de la 	Meublé entièrement rénové à 2 minutes de la place de la Bastille proche du quartier du marais et de la célèbre place des Vosges. Ce studio au 2ème étage sans ascenseur est calme car il donne sur la cour. L'appartement est à proximité d'une des rues les plus pittoresques de Paris la rue de Lappe  très réputée pour sa vie nocturne, devenue aujourd'hui le cœur du quartier branché de la Bastille. Le quartier est très commerçant, marché le dimanche et le jeudi à 5 minutes, très apprécié des touristes pour ses produits régionaux, nombreux restaurants typiques aux cuisines variées De belles promenades sont à prévoir le long du port de plaisance de l'Arsenal au pied de la place de la Bastille, vous pourrez rejoindre à pieds l’île Saint Louis, le Marais, la place des Vosges, la cathédrale Notre Dame... Station de métro Bastille : lignes  8 , 1 , 5 desservant directement République, le quartier de L’opéra Garnier, le musée du Louvre, Saint Paul, Hotel de ville, Champs Elysées, le quartier de la 
28010	Le logement Joli studio de 20m2 totalement renové et équipé tout confort.  Il est à louer pour une ou deux personnes. La cuisine est totalement équipée (four micro ondes, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, lave linge), la salle de bain moderne offre une large douche et un évier sur une belle pièce en bois. Le salon/chambre est équipé d'un canapé convertible en lit 2 places avec 2 oreillers et couette de grande qualité offrant le meilleur des sommeils (matelas très large de140x200). L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage sur cour et il est au calme. L'appartement est proche du métro Voltaire ou Pere Lachaise (lignes 2, 3 or 9), vous serez au cimetière Père Lachaise en 5 mins, a Bastille en 10 mins et dans le quartier du Marais en 15 mins. La ligne de bus n°69 qui dessert le centre de Paris et la zone de la tour Eiffel est à côté.Toutes les commodités sont au coin de la rue, boulangerie, supermarché, épicier, pharmacie, laverie. Vous pourrez aussi profiter du marché du Père Lachaise les m	Cet appartement de 20 m² est situé rue Petion dans le 11ème arrondissement , au 3ème étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur et il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Ce studio est équipé avec lave linge,Tv,accès internet illimité,draps,serviettes... Le logement Joli studio de 20m2 totalement renové et équipé tout confort.  Il est à louer pour une ou deux personnes. La cuisine est totalement équipée (four micro ondes, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, lave linge), la salle de bain moderne offre une large douche et un évier sur une belle pièce en bois. Le salon/chambre est équipé d'un canapé convertible en lit 2 places avec 2 oreillers et couette de grande qualité offrant le meilleur des sommeils (matelas très large de140x200). L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage sur cour et il est au calme. L'appartement est proche du métro Voltaire ou Pere Lachaise (lignes 2, 3 or 9), vous serez au cimetière Père Lachaise en 5 mins, a Bastille en 10 mins et dans le quartier du Marais en 15 mins. La ligne de bu
28011	il s'agit d'un agréable studio très accessible , lumineux ,et en plus  vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vaut faut pour passer un agréable séjour 	il s'agit d'un agréable studio très accessible , lumineux ,et en plus  vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vaut faut pour passer un agréable séjour  frigo : oui  machine à laver : oui  internet  : oui  chauffage électrique : oui  dès que vous sortez de l'immeuble vous trouverez à droite le métro et à gauche tout ce qu'il vous faut pour vos courses : carrefour , monoprix , fax - photocopie , boulangerie , pharmacie ...  métro père Lachaise : ligne 3 et 2 . 
28012		Charmant studio lumineux au pied du métro déservant tous les principaux axes de Paris. Salle de bain et cuisine modernes. Couchage 2 personnes. Internet (wifi). Nation (RER A, ligne 1, 2, 6, 9) à 5min à pied + ligne9 bas de l'immeuble.
28013	A la fois spacieux, calme et lumineux, mon appartement est très agréable à vivre. Les pièces sont bien disposées, ce qui permet de respecter l'intimité de chacun. Attention: pas d'ascenseur, et il est situé au 5 ème étage!	Chambre spacieuse dans un très beau 4 pièces situé rue Faidherbe à côté de la place de la Bastille. Ordinateur, WIFI, linge et petit déjeuner à disposition. A la fois spacieux, calme et lumineux, mon appartement est très agréable à vivre. Les pièces sont bien disposées, ce qui permet de respecter l'intimité de chacun. Attention: pas d'ascenseur, et il est situé au 5 ème étage! Une troisième personne peut dormir par terre sur un matelas. Les voyageurs auront accès à la cuisine, à la salle de bains (avec lave linge sèche linge), aux toilettes séparées. Dans la chambre, se trouve  un ordinateur, et un accès Wifi. Je serai présente pour les accueillir. Mon quartier est très calme, très proche de bastille, du marais, et de nation. Il regorge de restaurants, et de boutiques en tout genre. En métro: Ligne 8 station Faidherbe Chaligny, ligne 1 station reuilly diderot, ligne 9 station charonne Proche de la station nation du RER A (direct pour Eurodisney)
28014	La chambre est très spacieuse est l’appartement très agréable. La cuisine, le salon ainsi que tous les équipements sont accessibles pour vous.  	Bienvenue chez vous ! Nous ferons notre maximum pour que vous vous sentiez à la maison ! L'appartement est spacieux et très confortable et le quartier est idéale pour qui veut découvrir Paris : entre la place de la Nation, Bastille et République. La chambre est très spacieuse est l’appartement très agréable. La cuisine, le salon ainsi que tous les équipements sont accessibles pour vous. L'immeuble est au pied du métro Charonne sur ligne 9. Elle vous amène tout droit vers l'Opéra, les Grands Magasins, la Tour Eiffel... Je me ferai un plaisir de vous accueillir, vous conseiller et faire que votre séjour soit inoubliable !! Le quartier est typiquement parisien. IL y a tout ici pour votre séjour : de supers boulangerie, des restaurants pour tous les goûts, le bois de Vincennes à proximité immédiate...
28015	L'appartement est composé d'un salon - canapé convertible - avec cuisine semi ouverte, une chambre avec lit 2 places et une salle d'eau ( douche wc). Traversant est-ouest, vue dégagée, il est très lumineux et donne sur une cour intérieur, très calme. Joliment meublé, tout confort, tv, wifi, machine à laver.	Adorable deux pièces de 30 mètres carrés (chambre séparée) traversant est-ouest, lumineux, très bien situé, calme, tout équipé. L'appartement est composé d'un salon - canapé convertible - avec cuisine semi ouverte, une chambre avec lit 2 places et une salle d'eau ( douche wc). Traversant est-ouest, vue dégagée, il est très lumineux et donne sur une cour intérieur, très calme. Joliment meublé, tout confort, tv, wifi, machine à laver. Vous jouissez de la totalité de l'appartement et de ces équipements : télé, machine à laver, internet, cafetière Nespresso... Disponible par mail, téléphone, à votre service! L'appartement est idéalement situé entre le 11ème et le 3ème arrondissement. A quelques pas du quartier d'Oberkampf et du Marais (métro Oberkampf ou saint Sebastien Froissart). Métro, lignes : 5, 9 (Oberkampf) 8 (Saint Sébastien Froissart) Je serai ravi de vous donner quelques bonnes adresses de bars, restaurants et autres petits lieux sympas à découvrir dans le quartier.
28016	The room : a 15m square area , furnished and fully equipped with TV and internet. Bed linen and towels are provided . A series of maps, subway maps and information to visit the most beautiful paris sites are provided. The bed is very comfortable. Apartment: full kitchen (fridge , oven, ceramic hob ) and bathroom are shared and freely available . The bathroom has just been refurbished with bathtub . The area: Bastille is a really vibrant . Close to all shops with Faubourg Saint Antoine but all the bars and restaurants in the area . The Aligre market (one of the most famous of Paris) is ) 2 minutes walk . The metro is Faidherbe -Chaligny on line 8 .	A warm welcome, a welcome kit with all information on the main sites to visit. A design decorated apartment in a lively area close to shops , restaurants and bars, very central and close to 3 metro stations ! The room : a 15m square area , furnished and fully equipped with TV and internet. Bed linen and towels are provided . A series of maps, subway maps and information to visit the most beautiful paris sites are provided. The bed is very comfortable. Apartment: full kitchen (fridge , oven, ceramic hob ) and bathroom are shared and freely available . The bathroom has just been refurbished with bathtub . The area: Bastille is a really vibrant . Close to all shops with Faubourg Saint Antoine but all the bars and restaurants in the area . The Aligre market (one of the most famous of Paris) is ) 2 minutes walk . The metro is Faidherbe -Chaligny on line 8 . The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building without elevator. It is a old building typic of paris in renovation for the mom
28017		Charming apartment with a private courtyard. Atmosphere home with a couple of small Australian doves in a cage which give the place a spirit house. They can brighten your stay only if you wish. Many restaurants, bars and shops nearby.
28018	Large and charming 3 rooms of 67 m2, ideal for a couple with children, but is also suitable for a family / group of 5 people Very good location for visiting Paris. 2 steps from the town hall of the XI district with immediate access to the metro and buses. Historic District of the Marais and Bastille accessed very quickly by public transport. Apartment very quiet, cozy, tastefully furnished, non-smoking (balcony available for the smokers), pets not accepted This is an apartment located on the 5th floor of a building with elevator including : - Living room with sofa bed (sleeps 2) - Another sofa bed (2 sleeps) in the other living room - A long balcony along one bedroom and the living room - A large kitchen with a central island and a fireplace  - One bedroom  for a baby which can be arranged with a bed for an adult  - A child's bedroom (1 bed) - A bathroom with bathtub Recent renovation work has been made with the installation of new furniture. The state of the furniture will be vigilant	Large and charming 3 rooms of 67 m2, ideal for a couple with children, but is also suitable for a family  group of 5 people Very good location for visiting Paris. 2 steps from the town hall of the XI district with immediate access to the metro and Large and charming 3 rooms of 67 m2, ideal for a couple with children, but is also suitable for a family / group of 5 people Very good location for visiting Paris. 2 steps from the town hall of the XI district with immediate access to the metro and buses. Historic District of the Marais and Bastille accessed very quickly by public transport. Apartment very quiet, cozy, tastefully furnished, non-smoking (balcony available for the smokers), pets not accepted This is an apartment located on the 5th floor of a building with elevator including : - Living room with sofa bed (sleeps 2) - Another sofa bed (2 sleeps) in the other living room - A long balcony along one bedroom and the living room - A large kitchen with a central island and a fireplace 
28019	The apartment consists of: one bedroom, a spacious living area, a kitchen, an office space and a bathroom. Guests have access to the entire apartment except one room: the office will be locked as we keep our personal stuff there. Capacity: maximum 2 people. The flat is kept to a high level of cleanliness and is fully equipped with full kitchen utensils, a newly fitted bathroom with fresh linen available. The flat is on the fifth floor of a very calm and safe street, which holds bakeries/fromagerie/wine shops/grocery stores. At 3 min walk from Parmentier or Goncourt metro. You are right next to Rue Oberkampf and two steps from the Place de la République. The Marais is about 5 minutes walk . Canal Saint- Martin is nearby. You are in the heart of Paris ! The 11th is one of the most fashionable neighbourhoods. You have lots of great restaurants/bars and cafes in the area . Moreover, we will provide you with a selection of places to enjoy Paris as a true parisian !	Very enjoyable apt, well situated in the trendy Oberkampf area - 11th arrondissement. Just five minutes away from the Marais. You will find lots of very good new restaurants, bars and cafés. Very calm, the bedroom overlooks the inside courtyard. The apartment consists of: one bedroom, a spacious living area, a kitchen, an office space and a bathroom. Guests have access to the entire apartment except one room: the office will be locked as we keep our personal stuff there. Capacity: maximum 2 people. The flat is kept to a high level of cleanliness and is fully equipped with full kitchen utensils, a newly fitted bathroom with fresh linen available. The flat is on the fifth floor of a very calm and safe street, which holds bakeries/fromagerie/wine shops/grocery stores. At 3 min walk from Parmentier or Goncourt metro. You are right next to Rue Oberkampf and two steps from the Place de la République. The Marais is about 5 minutes walk . Canal Saint- Martin is nearby. You are in the heart of 
28020		Au coeur du quartier Faidherbe-Chaligny, ce studio est à proximité de Nation (2min), Bastille (10min) et gare de Lyon (10min). Extrêmement calme et spacieux, lumineux et insonorisé, c'est le séjour idéal pour deux personnes cet été!
28021	Cuisine très bien équipée : Four multifonctions, frigidaire, micro-onde, lave vaisselle, robot multifonctions, grille pain 1ere SDB avec Douche balnéo à l'italienne	Appartement de 100m2 idéalement situé au sein d'une résidence de standing calme donnant sur jardin. Salon orienté sud donnant sur balcon 4 chambres dont 2 avec lits doubles, 2 SDB, 1 cuisine américaine et un parking complêtent ce bien d'exception Cuisine très bien équipée : Four multifonctions, frigidaire, micro-onde, lave vaisselle, robot multifonctions, grille pain 1ere SDB avec Douche balnéo à l'italienne Nombreux rangements dans l'appartement Linge de lit, serviettes et sêche-cheveux inclus Connexion à notre réseau wifi possible Personne de confiance à proximité pouvant porter secours Propriétaires parlant anglais,  joignables par téléphone à certaines heures de la journée L'appartement est idéalement situé : A 2 pas de la place de la Nation, vous profiterez des commerces environnants, du marché sur le cours de Vincennes, des squares avoisinnants. Nombreux bars et restaurants à proximité Depuis la place de la nation, vous pouvez relier le centre de Paris en moins de 15 minutes par 
28022	Our apartment is composed as follows: ENTRANCE: Dresser with shoes storage WC: separated from the bathroom BATHROOM: washing machine, bathtub, sink, storage space for towels. DOUBLE ROOM - KITCHEN: oven, induction hob, sink, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, coffee machine. Central island kitchen for cooking Blender for smoothies, waffle iron, and everything needed for cooking. - ROOM: TV, home cinema, internet box, lounger sofa. BEDROOM: double bed, and large clothes closets. The apartment is decorated in a cozy style, and widely planted ! (You can water the plants as much as you want).	In the heart of the 11th arrondissement, at 5th floor. Bright, functional and pleasant apartment of 45m2 which is close to the stations Voltaire and Saint Ambroise (line 9) or Rue Saint-Maur (line 3). At 10 minute walk from the Oberkampf district. Our apartment is composed as follows: ENTRANCE: Dresser with shoes storage WC: separated from the bathroom BATHROOM: washing machine, bathtub, sink, storage space for towels. DOUBLE ROOM - KITCHEN: oven, induction hob, sink, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, coffee machine. Central island kitchen for cooking Blender for smoothies, waffle iron, and everything needed for cooking. - ROOM: TV, home cinema, internet box, lounger sofa. BEDROOM: double bed, and large clothes closets. The apartment is decorated in a cozy style, and widely planted ! (You can water the plants as much as you want). Guests have access to the whole apartment. Enjoy ! You'll find below the apartment multiple supermarkets for shopping and bars / restaurants. A green square 
28023	Appartement dans le vieux Paris avec une belle terrasse et dans une cour classée.	Un très beau studio avec une belle terrasse aménagée au rez de chaussée d'une belle cour classée.  Entièrement équipé, il vous séduira par ses poutres apparentes et ses colombages. Il est au calme en plein cœur de Paris quartier de la Bastille avec 3 lignes de métro à proximité. Appartement dans le vieux Paris avec une belle terrasse et dans une cour classée. A l'ensemble de l'appartement, de la terrasse et du wifi. Je reste a la disposition des voyageurs pour d'éventuelles questions, conseils... N'hésitez pas. L'opéra Bastille, la Gare de Lyon, l'effervescence de la rue de Lappe avec tous ses commerces, restaurant, pub, boutique, exposition, musée... 3 lignes de métro à moins de 100 mètres. Ligne 1 (qui permet de faire les principaux sites touristiques de Paris; champs élysée, le Louvre, Concorde...) Ligne 5 et ligne 8.
28024	You will be able to enjoy the lovely 30 square meter living room , the very calm bedroom, the authentic kitchen and classic bathroom. Very cosy apartment furnished with style. Filled with sun light.	Charming Parisian apartment, filled with sun light.  10 minutes to the Center of Paris with the subway.  All metro ligns at the door step.  15 minutes walk to Bastille, and Père Lachaise.  20 Minutes walk to the Marais.  Top floor with elevator. You will be able to enjoy the lovely 30 square meter living room , the very calm bedroom, the authentic kitchen and classic bathroom. Very cosy apartment furnished with style. Filled with sun light. The door of my office will be closed during your stay. I will be able to help you out durieng your stay if ever you need anything. The neighborhood is very quite. Many shops around. 5 minutes walk to the famous Rue Paul Bert with all it's trendy restaurants. 10 minutes walk to Bastille where you will find many restaurants, bars and shops. 10 minute walk to famous Père Lachaise. 1 Minute walk to Public transportation. Subway 1 , 2 , 6 , 9  and RER A. Getting to the Louvre : direct in 15 minutes with subway 1. Getting to the Marais : 20 minutes walk o
28025	Enjoy a slice of Parisian history and stay in an authentic Haussmann apartment. Sleeping up to five people, it is a charming apartment (50 m²) with parquet floors, mouldings and a fireplace with two adjoining bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a large balcony decorated with flowers. On the fifth floor without a lift, appreciate the clear view of Paris and get excited by how central this apartment is to so many attractions. A short walk away are three Metro stations with numerous connections to the main line RER, airport, taxi and bus stations nearby. The movida room : An association of clear bright colours lightens this room with a design decoration just a touch psychedelic to recall the sensual and slightly kitsch ambiance of the films of Pedro Almodovar....But it’s only an unpretentious nod and a wink !  Associated with an old fashioned setting of mouldings, parquet floor and fireplace the overall effect comes across as rather appealing... judge for yourself. With it’s two single	"A real ""home from home"" in the heart of Paris for up to 4 people (5 with a folding bed)  in an authentic Haussmann apartment with a large balcony.  Close to the main centres of interest...an ideal way to enjoy this fantastic city in complete freedom. Enjoy a slice of Parisian history and stay in an authentic Haussmann apartment. Sleeping up to five people, it is a charming apartment (50 m²) with parquet floors, mouldings and a fireplace with two adjoining bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a large balcony decorated with flowers. On the fifth floor without a lift, appreciate the clear view of Paris and get excited by how central this apartment is to so many attractions. A short walk away are three Metro stations with numerous connections to the main line RER, airport, taxi and bus stations nearby. The movida room : An association of clear bright colours lightens this room with a design decoration just a touch psychedelic to recall the sensual and slightly kitsch ambiance of the film"
28026	Le logement comprend :  une kichenette une grande mezzanine avec bureau  Douche dans le studio Wc/toilet dans le studio  Armoire de rangement  Micro onde four Assiettes, couverts, verres,... Il comprend également un balcon sans vis à vis et un ascenseur. Il est situé au cœur de paris à côté de Bastille. Le métro est à 50 m de l'immeuble, très pratique! 	Au 7è étage avec Ascenseur d'un immeuble pierre de taille situé au coeur du 11ème, charmante studio meublée au Metro Charonne/Voltaire. Quartier vivant, pratique pour visiter Paris (à 10 mins de Bastille). Studio indépendant de 13 m2 + un balcon sans vis-à-vis sur la capital avec douche wc,... Le logement comprend :  une kichenette une grande mezzanine avec bureau  Douche dans le studio Wc/toilet dans le studio  Armoire de rangement  Micro onde four Assiettes, couverts, verres,... Il comprend également un balcon sans vis à vis et un ascenseur. Il est situé au cœur de paris à côté de Bastille. Le métro est à 50 m de l'immeuble, très pratique!  Le voyageur aura accès à l'électricité, l'eau chaude et froide, douche, wc, l'ascenseur. Il aura accès à mes codes freewifi également pour surfer sur internet. J'habite dans paris et je suis disponible pour vous aider. La proximité de Bastille. Le logement est au milieu de Paris donc accès à tout rapidement (parc, cinéma, musée, châtelet, ...) Mét
28027	Decorated in a cozy style to make you feel at home.  	"Spacious and comfortable apartment with large kitchen, modern bathroom and 2 double beds!  Enjoy the lovely terrace on the top floor.  5 minutes walk: 5 metro lines and RER Decorated in a cozy style to make you feel at home.  Travelers will have all the accommodation available and a furnished terrace. At your (email hidden)"". The 11th arrondissement is a trendy and popular area. There are many markets, restaurants ""canteen"" and ""hype"" bars.  Metro rue des Boulets, Nation and Alexandre Dumas.  (line 1, 9, 5, 2, 6) + RER A (straight to Disneyland Paris)  On arrival you will find touches. "
28028	Our apartment is located 5 minutes away from Bastille and 10 minutes away from Le Marais area by foot. The apartment is fully equiped, you will find everything you need. We will also give you our tips and best adresses (restaurant, shopping) in Paris! Our apartment is right in the center of Paris, located 5 minutes away from Bastille and 10 minutes away from Le Marais area by foot.  We welcome you for your tourist or business stays, for a minimum period of 4 days. The apartment is located in a building with an elevator.  The neighborhood and the street is peaceful and very quiet, and yet very near from the busy neighborhoods such as Bastille, Oberkampf, and Le Marais, where you will find plenty of restaurants, shops, and bars if you decide to go out. We will be delighted to give you tips about our area! The nearest metro stations are Saint Ambroise (line 9) and Richard-Lenoir (line 5) and there is also lots of bus stations that will help you discovering Paris very easily. It is very co	Our apartment is located 5 minutes away from Bastille and 10 minutes away from Le Marais area by foot. The apartment is fully equiped, you will find everything you need. We will also give you our tips and best adresses (restaurant, shopping) in Paris! Our apartment is located 5 minutes away from Bastille and 10 minutes away from Le Marais area by foot. The apartment is fully equiped, you will find everything you need. We will also give you our tips and best adresses (restaurant, shopping) in Paris! Our apartment is right in the center of Paris, located 5 minutes away from Bastille and 10 minutes away from Le Marais area by foot.  We welcome you for your tourist or business stays, for a minimum period of 4 days. The apartment is located in a building with an elevator.  The neighborhood and the street is peaceful and very quiet, and yet very near from the busy neighborhoods such as Bastille, Oberkampf, and Le Marais, where you will find plenty of restaurants, shops, and bars if you decid
28029	Standing This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building with elevator. The apartment is very quiet, especially as the windows of the rooms overlook courtyards. Layout This apartment of 60 sqm has two separate bedrooms. Up to six people can sleep there, but we think it will be more suitable for a family of four. The entrance hall leads right into the main room divided into two spaces. First the dining area with a modular table that can accommodate up to 6 people. The living area features a comfortable sofa bed (two sleeps 140x200), an armchair and a coffee table. The kitchen is open to the living room. You will access the master bedroom from the living-room. It is equipped with a bed 140x200 and a wardrobe with hanging space and shelves. The second bedroom is located on the other side of the apartment, accessible from the lobby. This room has a mezzanine with a double futon on it a ladder to reach it, however, for your convenience, we preferred to install two 	Lovely 60 sqm 2-bedorom apartment to rent near the Place Leon Blum in the residential part of the 11th district, ideal for a family of four people (suitable for up to six guests), great price for this contemporary, comfortable and very quiet apartmen Standing This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building with elevator. The apartment is very quiet, especially as the windows of the rooms overlook courtyards. Layout This apartment of 60 sqm has two separate bedrooms. Up to six people can sleep there, but we think it will be more suitable for a family of four. The entrance hall leads right into the main room divided into two spaces. First the dining area with a modular table that can accommodate up to 6 people. The living area features a comfortable sofa bed (two sleeps 140x200), an armchair and a coffee table. The kitchen is open to the living room. You will access the master bedroom from the living-room. It is equipped with a bed 140x200 and a wardrobe with ha
28030		Studio de 25m2 dans une belle résidence, avec balcon. Cuisine équipée : plaques, four, micro-onde, vaisselle. Salle de bain avec baignoire et lave linge.
28031	Vous apprécierez le calme bien qu'il soit situé en plein centre de Paris et proche de nombreux commerces. Internet wifi et  chaînes télé mondiales. L'appartement est meublé avec soin et dispose de nombreux conforts.	Accueillant deux pièces dans immeuble de standing, proche métro Oberkampf , Filles du Calvaire et de nombreuses lignes de bus. Donnant sur cour intérieure, au calme, idéal pour familles ou groupe d'amis jusqu'à 5 personnes maximum. Internet wifi illimité et télé par câble. Vous apprécierez le calme bien qu'il soit situé en plein centre de Paris et proche de nombreux commerces. Internet wifi et  chaînes télé mondiales. L'appartement est meublé avec soin et dispose de nombreux conforts. Accès internet illimité par e-mail ou par téléphone Quartier animé, restaurants, cafés, nombreux magasins Métro Oberkampf, Filles du Calvaire ou République
28032	Beaucoup de charme dans ce petit studio lumineux et bien décoré, avec vue sur les toits de Paris et aucun vis-à-vis (Bonus coucher de soleil tous les soirs et soleil toute la journée!).  Composé d'une pièce principale avec gros matelas simple dépliable en matelas double, un large bureau, un fauteuil, etc..  Mais également petite cuisine séparée, elle aussi lumineuse avec vue sur les toits, parfait pour cuisiner tout en profitant de la vue ou du coucher de soleil (four, plaque de cuisson, cuiseur-vapeur, frigo,  machine à laver, vaisselle, etc..).  et une petite salle de douche cosy avec toilettes, douche et évier.  L'immeuble est calme, les bruits de la rue lointains, le soleil inonde le logement toute la journée, bref, un vrai petit havre de paix ! Accès avec digicode, Cinquième étage sans ascenseur.	Studio de 18m2 bien agencé, avec cuisine & salle de bain. Beaucoup de charme, et idéalement situé dans une rue typique du quartier de Belleville. À 7 minutes à pied de la place de la République, et à deux arrêts de métro à 100m chacun (Ligne 11/2). Beaucoup de charme dans ce petit studio lumineux et bien décoré, avec vue sur les toits de Paris et aucun vis-à-vis (Bonus coucher de soleil tous les soirs et soleil toute la journée!).  Composé d'une pièce principale avec gros matelas simple dépliable en matelas double, un large bureau, un fauteuil, etc..  Mais également petite cuisine séparée, elle aussi lumineuse avec vue sur les toits, parfait pour cuisiner tout en profitant de la vue ou du coucher de soleil (four, plaque de cuisson, cuiseur-vapeur, frigo,  machine à laver, vaisselle, etc..).  et une petite salle de douche cosy avec toilettes, douche et évier.  L'immeuble est calme, les bruits de la rue lointains, le soleil inonde le logement toute la journée, bref, un vrai petit havre d
28033	The appartment is a nice 70m/sq appartment (753ft/sq according my computer), with 2 bed rooms.  Your room is 13m/sq, with a double bed. And i can leave you an extra bed if you need to fit 1 more people for a few days.  The Kitchen is fully furnished  and full of everything you need (utensils,herbs, spices..)  There is a bathroom, and a separate toilet (more convenient)	Nice  appartment in the 11th. 70m/sq.  With a nice room Close to a touristic places and night life IDEAL FOR YOUR NEXT TRIP IN PARIS The appartment is a nice 70m/sq appartment (753ft/sq according my computer), with 2 bed rooms.  Your room is 13m/sq, with a double bed. And i can leave you an extra bed if you need to fit 1 more people for a few days.  The Kitchen is fully furnished  and full of everything you need (utensils,herbs, spices..)  There is a bathroom, and a separate toilet (more convenient) I'm usually living there with my cousin, so you would be sharing the appartment with her. But as she work in a Restaurant so she wouldn't be there often.  The neighborhood of pere lachaise / voltaire, is quiet nice.  It's not to crowded as other places in Paris, but you have everything you need around (restaurant, bar, shops, market) and are close to the center of Paris, nightlife, touristic places...  1 min walk from the Subway straight to Montmartre (ligne 2) (20min at all) 2 min walk fro
28034	Quiet, stylish, ideally located.	50m² flat at the last floor, very bright and clean, with an open outlook. One bed room (double bed) + a huge living room ( with sofabed for 2)+  1 kitchen + 1 bathroom. It comfortably fits 2 or 4 people and is centrally located on a quiet courtyard. Quiet, stylish, ideally located. the entire appartment The flat is located in the area called Bastille, trendy place with restaurants, bars, clothes shops. Easy access to metro line 2 and line 9. The bus stop is 150 ft (50m) away from the flat, the bus goes to Bastille, Notre Dame cathedral, the town hall, ends at Le Louvre Museum.
28035	Situé plein sud et au dernier étage, il est tellement lumineux que même s'il pleut sur Paris, on se croirait en Aoùt !  Il est très propre, et vraiment très agréable. -Internet -Douche -Cuisine tout équipée -chauffage Je suis tout à fait disponible pour vous indiquer de bonnes adresses ou bien vous rendre service.  Ce quartier est très chaleureux, c'est un quartier festif. il y a beaucoup de commerces et de bars. Une pharmacie et le supermarché sont ouverts le dimanche. Il y a, pas loin, deux marchés : celui de Belleville et celui de Richard Lenoir. Et à 10 minutes en vélo la marché d'Aligre. Metro ligne 3 à Parmentier, ligne 11 à Goncourt, ligne 2 à Belleville et 10 minutes à pied de république.	Situé plein sud et au dernier étage, il est tellement lumineux que même s'il pleut sur Paris, on se croirait en Aoùt !  Il est très propre, et vraiment très agréable. -Internet -Douche -Cuisine tout équipée -chauffage Je suis tout à fait disponible pour vous indiquer de bonnes adresses ou bien vous rendre service.  Ce quartier est très chaleureux, c'est un quartier festif. il y a beaucoup de commerces et de bars. Une pharmacie et le supermarché sont ouverts le dimanche. Il y a, pas loin, deux marchés : celui de Belleville et celui de Richard Lenoir. Et à 10 minutes en vélo la marché d'Aligre. Metro ligne 3 à Parmentier, ligne 11 à Goncourt, ligne 2 à Belleville et 10 minutes à pied de république.
28036	The apartment was renovated a bit more than a year. Kitchen is spacious (for a Parisian apartment). It has equipment for a baby (changing table, high chair, new born bed, bed up to 2 years, newborn bath). One bedroom has a comfortable bed, and the second one in the living room is a sofa bed very comfortable.	    Comfortable apartment recently renovated with two bedrooms. It includes all the baby needed. Located in the heart of Paris, with a good sound insulation, in a lively street with all shops nearby. 4 metro lines nearby.       The apartment was renovated a bit more than a year. Kitchen is spacious (for a Parisian apartment). It has equipment for a baby (changing table, high chair, new born bed, bed up to 2 years, newborn bath). One bedroom has a comfortable bed, and the second one in the living room is a sofa bed very comfortable. Guests can use all of the apartment except the dressing in the adult bedroom. We live in this apartment so we will be absent during your stay. A contact living in the neighborhood will be present in case of emergency . I will be available for any question at any time by phone . All shops are nearby (pharmacy 7 / 7d). The area is popular and lively with many restaurants and bars. Easily accessible by bus and metro. Subway: - Line 1, 5 and 8 / Bastille Station
28037	Nice 2-room flat in a traditional Haussmanian building with a concierge and a nice flowery courtyard.  The flat is on the 5th floor, there is a wide stairway, but no elevator. Entirely renovated, the flat has got a 2.90m high ceiling, and it’s full of charm and appeal, with moldings, terracotta tiles and fireplaces, it’s also very quiet (double glazing), with a view on the courtyard and on the zinc roofs of the building. Every room is equipped with numerous lights and lamps, the heating is central, and during summer, the flat remains cool at all times. The entrance door opens on a very bright kitchen / dining room with a big window. Complete kitchen (hot plates, oven, microwave, fridge, kitchenaid mixer, rice cooker, Nespresso, waffle iron), the table conveniently sits 4 people (extension, 4 chairs). The living room is very bright thanks to a double window, it has got a large sofa bed equipped with a comfortable mattress for 2 people, and a large TV screen. Large and comfortable bedroo	You will feel at home in that comfortable and bright flat. Can accommodate up to 4 people, flat in a quiet courtyard, in a lively neighborhood with the metro in front of the building Nice 2-room flat in a traditional Haussmanian building with a concierge and a nice flowery courtyard.  The flat is on the 5th floor, there is a wide stairway, but no elevator. Entirely renovated, the flat has got a 2.90m high ceiling, and it’s full of charm and appeal, with moldings, terracotta tiles and fireplaces, it’s also very quiet (double glazing), with a view on the courtyard and on the zinc roofs of the building. Every room is equipped with numerous lights and lamps, the heating is central, and during summer, the flat remains cool at all times. The entrance door opens on a very bright kitchen / dining room with a big window. Complete kitchen (hot plates, oven, microwave, fridge, kitchenaid mixer, rice cooker, Nespresso, waffle iron), the table conveniently sits 4 people (extension, 4 chairs). The l
28038	Un appartement de 3 pièces, avec un grand salon et deux belles chambres, une vraie salle de bain, une cuisine ouverte et des poutres apparentes.	Bonjour, profitez du charme du Canal St Martin, et de la proximité de la Place de la République dans la chambre de nos enfants. Deux lits séparés dans un appartement convivial, accueillant, organisé et équipé. Le respect est le maitre mot chez nous. Un appartement de 3 pièces, avec un grand salon et deux belles chambres, une vraie salle de bain, une cuisine ouverte et des poutres apparentes. A part la chambre des adultes, les voyageurs peuvent utiliser toutes les pièces de l'appartement. Je serai présent tous les soirs et tôt les matins, et serai ravi de les aider à organiser leur séjour sur place. Nous disposons de guide touristique en anglais, de cartes et de prospectus sur les lieux à visiter à Paris. Une laverie automatique est installée au pied de l'immeuble. Situé entre le quartier chinois de Belleville et la Place de la République, à deux pas du Canal St Martin, vous pourrez goûter à la douceur de vivre à la Parisienne. Métro Goncourt Ligne 11 Métro République Lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 
28039	Greeted by a small family in a large apartment overlooking the monuments of Paris, the place is ideal to discover Paris, alone, in couple or family. The apartment: The apartment has a large lounge, two well-insulated rooms fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath and separate toilet. Fostering of young children is possible, we have everything you need for that. Ideally located district: Belleville by the metro (Line 11 and Line 2) you can be 10 minutes on the Ile de la Cite in central Paris. The area is vibrant, restaurants, bars, exhibition space, artists' studio ... There are also two large parks within 10 minutes walk: the park of Buttes Chaumont and the Parc de Belleville. We Parisians long we will have great pleasure to introduce you to some places of the capital that we particularly like. Loving us even travel, we are interested in meeting people from various horizons. We offer one bedroom with a queen bed and a crib. If necessary there is enough room to add a mattress on the	Greeted by a small family in a large apartment overlooking the monuments of Paris, the place is ideal to discover Paris, alone, in couple or family. The apartment: The apartment has a large lounge, two well-insulated rooms fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath and separate toilet. Fostering of young children is possible, we have everything you need for that. Ideally located district: Belleville by the metro (Line 11 and Line 2) you can be 10 minutes on the Ile de la Cite in central Paris. The area is vibrant, restaurants, bars, exhibition space, artists' studio ... There are also two large parks within 10 minutes walk: the park of Buttes Chaumont and the Parc de Belleville. We Parisians long we will have great pleasure to introduce you to some places of the capital that we particularly like. Loving us even travel, we are interested in meeting people from various horizons. We offer one bedroom with a queen bed and a crib. If necessary there is enough room to add a mattress on the
28040	Hi everyone,  ABOUT THE APT - It is a 410 ft2 (38m2) condo available in its entirety for your own and private use.  - Metro Voltaire - XI district, one of the most authentic and dynamic neighborhood of Paris. This is where you will find out more about the true city where Parisian are going out: Theatres, restaurants, nice pubs. - 1st floor - Court apt so you will enjoy all the calm you need while being (email hidden) and living neighborhood. This one bedroom has a spacious and clean bathroom with bathtub - Kitchen with everything you need to cook - Dishwasher / Fridge / Laudry machine. - It goes without saying that internet and electricity are of course included in the price. ABOUT YOU Everyone is welcome as long as you're willing to spend a great time in Paris and that you are respectful of the goods staying inside the home. I prefer hosting 2 people (the living room couch can be turned into a bed) but more can be discussed after first contact.  Feel free to get in touch with me if yo	Hi everyone,  ABOUT THE APT - It is a 410 ft2 (38m2) condo available in its entirety for your own and private use.  - Metro Voltaire - XI district, one of the most authentic and dynamic neighborhood of Paris. This is where you will find out more about the true city where Parisian are going out: Theatres, restaurants, nice pubs. - 1st floor - Court apt so you will enjoy all the calm you need while being (email hidden) and living neighborhood. This one bedroom has a spacious and clean bathroom with bathtub - Kitchen with everything you need to cook - Dishwasher / Fridge / Laudry machine. - It goes without saying that internet and electricity are of course included in the price. ABOUT YOU Everyone is welcome as long as you're willing to spend a great time in Paris and that you are respectful of the goods staying inside the home. I prefer hosting 2 people (the living room couch can be turned into a bed) but more can be discussed after first contact.  Feel free to get in touch with me if yo
28041	Loft très atypique au fond d'une magnifique cour classée. Le plus : écran géant et vidéoprojecteur	 Joli loft de 80m2 au fond d'une charmante cour du faubourg Saint-Antoine. Appartement très atypique sur 4 niveaux. Point fort : Appartement particulièrement calme dans le quartier animé de Bastille. A 2 pas du métro et à 5 min de Bastille.       Loft très atypique au fond d'une magnifique cour classée. Le plus : écran géant et vidéoprojecteur Accès à tous les équipements de la maison : Cuisine, lave-vaisselle, lave linge, séche-linge Même si nous pas l'occasion de nous croiser, je serai à votre entière disposition par téléphone Le marché alimentaire d'Aligre : plus vieux marché de Paris Les nombreux bars et restaurants du quartier l'ambiance la proximité avec le quartier du Marais
28042	Located in the very trendy Hippy Chic Faidherbe Chaligny area -11th District- well known for its numerous restaurant and bars and its night and day life. It is 10/15 minutes walk from gare de Lyon Station, Bastille, Marais, Père Lachaise area  	This apartment is ideal to welcome a couple or a family 3 to 5 people. It's extremely quiet, we live windows opened in summer. 2 bedrooms on courtyard side (1 kingsize bed 200x160 and 1 child bed 160x75) 1 sofa/bed (140x200 in the living room) Located in the very trendy Hippy Chic Faidherbe Chaligny area -11th District- well known for its numerous restaurant and bars and its night and day life. It is 10/15 minutes walk from gare de Lyon Station, Bastille, Marais, Père Lachaise area  I can give my car: Alfa Romeo 156 break or my parking lot.
28043	Le calme de la petite allée pavée et fleurie lui donne un charme unique.  Vous aurez accès à la télévision et à l'internet. Lors de votre arrivée je serai là pour vous accueillir et votre montrer l'appartement,  échanger avec vous à propos du quartier, ou répondre à de quelconques questions. Ce quartier est extrêmement bien desservi par les métros 1, 2, 6, 9, 8, le RER A, de nombreux bus. Dans les environs vous trouverez de très bons restaurants, et des bars très sympas.	Studio vue sur une  allée pavée calme et fleurie. Il se compose d'une pièce avec mezzanine 2 places, un canapé, une table pliante. Cuisine ouverte avec micro-onde, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaques électriques et une SDB avec baignoire et WC Le calme de la petite allée pavée et fleurie lui donne un charme unique.  Vous aurez accès à la télévision et à l'internet. Lors de votre arrivée je serai là pour vous accueillir et votre montrer l'appartement,  échanger avec vous à propos du quartier, ou répondre à de quelconques questions. Ce quartier est extrêmement bien desservi par les métros 1, 2, 6, 9, 8, le RER A, de nombreux bus. Dans les environs vous trouverez de très bons restaurants, et des bars très sympas. Vous aurez accès à la télévision et à l'internet. Lors de votre arrivée je serai là pour vous accueillir et votre montrer l'appartement,  échanger avec vous à propos du quartier, ou répondre à de quelconques questions. Ce quartier est extrêmement bien desservi par les métro
28044		Quartier très agréable. Commerçant, bars et petits restos de charme à proximité. A 2 pas de Bastille, lumineux studio au 4ème étage sans ascenseur dans une cour très calme.
28045	Appartement 3 pièces, 70 m² au coeur de Paris. Refait à neuf en 2011 - Tout confort Idéal pour un couple avec 1 ou 2 enfants.  L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 adultes. 6ème étage avec ascenseur sur jardin, très calme. 1 séjour avec 1 canapé (capacité couchage : 1 personne), TV, accès internet en wifi. Balcon Cuisine (plaques, four, lave-vaisselle). 1 chambre parentale avec lit king size 1 chambre enfant avec un lit pour une personne Salle de bain (baignoire, lave-linge) WC séparés ACCES  Au pied du métro Richard Lenoir (ligne 5). St Ambroise (ligne 9) et St Sébastien Froissart (ligne 8) à 5 minutes à pied  Plusieurs lignes de bus (phone number hidden)) Quartier proche toutes commodités, Franprix et Monoprix au pied de l'immeuble, nombreux restaurants et cafés. A proximité de la place de la Bastille, de la place des Vogues et de la place de la République. 	70 m², l'appartement peut loger 4 personnes. Il est très bien situé dans le 11ème arrondissement. Profitez de sa lumière et son confort.  Appartement 3 pièces, 70 m² au coeur de Paris. Refait à neuf en 2011 - Tout confort Idéal pour un couple avec 1 ou 2 enfants.  L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 adultes. 6ème étage avec ascenseur sur jardin, très calme. 1 séjour avec 1 canapé (capacité couchage : 1 personne), TV, accès internet en wifi. Balcon Cuisine (plaques, four, lave-vaisselle). 1 chambre parentale avec lit king size 1 chambre enfant avec un lit pour une personne Salle de bain (baignoire, lave-linge) WC séparés ACCES  Au pied du métro Richard Lenoir (ligne 5). St Ambroise (ligne 9) et St Sébastien Froissart (ligne 8) à 5 minutes à pied  Plusieurs lignes de bus (phone number hidden)) Quartier proche toutes commodités, Franprix et Monoprix au pied de l'immeuble, nombreux restaurants et cafés. A proximité de la place de la Bastille, de la place des Vogues et de la place de la
28046	Welcome to my home seet home, a charming 2 rooms ideal to visit Paris and discover the parisian night life! Very calm, it is located on the Avenue de la République between the lovely Père Lachaise Cemetery and the festive Oberkampf district. Also 2 minutes from the historical Menilmontant district. My flat is at the 6th floor with an elevator and is very luminous thanks to the absence of vis-à-vis. It is oriented to the est so the sun wake up in the bedroom and is in the appartement until afternoon. You can see the sunset with the eiffel tower from the toilets. From the kitchen, the living room and the bedroom, there is a view on the parisian roofs.. It is 40 m2 with a lovely living room with a double sofa bed, 1 bedroom, a bathroom and seperated wc It is easy to go to the old Paris thanks to the lines 2 and 3 (station Père Lachaise) that are at 1 minute walk from my building. You can go to Opera in 18 minutes and Montmartre in 12 minutes. In Oberkampf and Menilmontant districts, the i	2 p. 40 m2 au 6ème avec ascenseur, sans vis à vis, calme et très ensoleillé, très bien situé et desservi. Parfait pour un couple avec possibilité de 2 couchages en plus dans le salon. Une vraie cuisine, une salle de bain avec baignoire et wc séparés. Welcome to my home seet home, a charming 2 rooms ideal to visit Paris and discover the parisian night life! Very calm, it is located on the Avenue de la République between the lovely Père Lachaise Cemetery and the festive Oberkampf district. Also 2 minutes from the historical Menilmontant district. My flat is at the 6th floor with an elevator and is very luminous thanks to the absence of vis-à-vis. It is oriented to the est so the sun wake up in the bedroom and is in the appartement until afternoon. You can see the sunset with the eiffel tower from the toilets. From the kitchen, the living room and the bedroom, there is a view on the parisian roofs.. It is 40 m2 with a lovely living room with a double sofa bed, 1 bedroom, a bathroom and se
28047		"Cozy studio in the 11ème, 5"" walking from canal Saint Martin and 15"" from marais. The 11ème is a young and dynamic neighborhood, with plenty of cool bars, terrasses and restaurants. Go to Parc de Belleville to enjoy MY best views of Paris (10"" walk)"
28048	Notre appartement est idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris (50m du métro Saint Maur). Il se situe dans une rue calme et peut accueillir un couple et 2 enfants. Il est tout équipé et vous pourrez profiter du balcon fleuri (si la saison le permet!). Notre appartement possède une chambre avec un lit 2 places, une cuisine tout équipée ouverte sur le salon (canapé lit), une salle de bain avec baignoire et un joli balcon où vous pourrez profiter d'un petit déjeuner à la française au soleil.  L'appartement est parfaitement équipé : four, lave-vaisselle machine à laver, frigo, grille pain, internet (wifi), piano, guitare. Nous nous rendons bien évidemment disponibles pour vous renseigner sur les bonnes petites adresses du quartier (restaurants, bar sur les toits de Paris, où manger les meilleurs burgers de Paris...) ainsi que sur le Paris que vous aurez envie de découvrir! Nous habitons un arrondissement très vivant où vous pourrez trouver de nombreux petits restaurants et bars très sympathiq	Notre appartement est idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris (50m du métro Saint Maur). Il se situe dans une rue calme et peut accueillir un couple et 2 enfants. Il est tout équipé et vous pourrez profiter du balcon fleuri (si la saison le permet!). Notre appartement possède une chambre avec un lit 2 places, une cuisine tout équipée ouverte sur le salon (canapé lit), une salle de bain avec baignoire et un joli balcon où vous pourrez profiter d'un petit déjeuner à la française au soleil.  L'appartement est parfaitement équipé : four, lave-vaisselle machine à laver, frigo, grille pain, internet (wifi), piano, guitare. Nous nous rendons bien évidemment disponibles pour vous renseigner sur les bonnes petites adresses du quartier (restaurants, bar sur les toits de Paris, où manger les meilleurs burgers de Paris...) ainsi que sur le Paris que vous aurez envie de découvrir! Nous habitons un arrondissement très vivant où vous pourrez trouver de nombreux petits restaurants et bars très sympathiq
28049	Bright,cosy and romantic flat, completely modern and renovated, ideally located in a quiet street and with a perfect double exposition street/ back yard.  The building is equipped with a new elevator. The entry corridor leads to a bright living room with south exposition. The bedroom has a queen size double bed. Large kitchen fully equipped. The bathroom has a large bathtub/ shower. Separate toilettes. Available equipment: - Wifi (very high speed, optical fiber) - Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, hover, plate, micro-wave, nespresso caffe machine, kitchen robots) - Wash machine - Dish machine - TV, Xbox one - Iron - Hair dryer - Home Bike - Air Conditioner	Bright,cosy and romantic flat, completely modern and renovated, ideally located in a quiet street and with a perfect double exposition street/ back yard.  The building is equipped with a new elevator. The entry corridor leads to a bright living room with south exposition. The bedroom has a queen size double bed. Large kitchen fully equipped. The bathroom has a large bathtub/ shower. Separate toilettes. Available equipment: - Wifi (very high speed, optical fiber) - Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, hover, plate, micro-wave, nespresso caffe machine, kitchen robots) - Wash machine - Dish machine - TV, Xbox one - Iron - Hair dryer - Home Bike - Air Conditioner As one of Paris’ most « gastronomique » districts, the 11th arrondissement is reknown for a large choice of high quality restaurants and bars. Our non-touristic and authentic parisian street is one minute away from 3 big supermarkets, a variety of excellent catering shops (for wine and cheese) and one of Paris’ best bakeries (
28050	The flat is directly on the canal, it is a unique place !	90 sq meter appartment, very parisian, 2 double rooms, big living-room, bathroom with bath tub and shower, big kitchen, 4th floor, lift, living room has views on the canal, rooms on the courtyard. Very central location and great neighbourhood. The flat is directly on the canal, it is a unique place ! The area is very trendy, lots of bars, coffee shops, restaurants and designer shops.
28051	IMPORTANT : Before any reservation, please send me a message. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -    DESCRIPTION : As soon as you enter the building's courtyard, you will be surprised by the calm that prevails and which contrasts with the liveliness of the OBERKAMPF street, well renowned for its many friendly places (bars and restaurants). You will then discover this Parisian, cosy flat, with its marble fireplace that sits in the main room. Located on the second floor, without vis-à-vis, overlooking the courtyard. The flat is quiet and bright. Your flat consists of a large room comprising the living, the kitchen and a spacious sleeping corner (with a big bed 180x200, for two persons).  There is a bathroom + WC. (total area: 33 sqm). => If you need a second bed for a third person, there is a comfortable unfoldable sofa in the living room. Storage space for my guests : a cupboard in the bathroom and two large drawers under the bed. A wifi Int	IMPORTANT : Before any reservation, please send me a message. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -    DESCRIPTION : As soon as you enter the building's courtyard, you will be surprised by the calm that prevails and which contrasts with the liveliness of the OBERKAMPF street, well renowned for its many friendly places (bars and restaurants). You will then discover this Parisian, cosy flat, with its marble fireplace that sits in the main room. Located on the second floor, without vis-à-vis, overlooking the courtyard. The flat is quiet and bright. Your flat consists of a large room comprising the living, the kitchen and a spacious sleeping corner (with a big bed 180x200, for two persons).  There is a bathroom + WC. (total area: 33 sqm). => If you need a second bed for a third person, there is a comfortable unfoldable sofa in the living room. Storage space for my guests : a cupboard in the bathroom and two large drawers under the bed. A wifi Int
28052	Our place is conveniently located at Nation at the crossroads of Bastille and Republique spots. It is a 72 square meters apartment that fits up to 6 persons, ideally a family. It is composed of one double bed room, one smaller room with a bunk bed, and one sofa bed for two persons. The kitchen is fully equipped with all kitchen utilities needed for your stay. There’s also a dining table with 4 chairs. We do also provide at our guests disposal, a baby bathtub and a travel crib (please advise upon reservation).	Our recently renovated flat is located on the first floor of an inner yard of a XIX century Parisian building, making it very quiet. This is a 72 square meters apartment that fits up to 6 persons, ideally a family.  Its location is very convenient as on RER A line, perfect to go to the center and east of Paris, La Defense, Eurodisney or commute to CDG airport. At last, we love the Bastille - Nation area as it is very lively with plenty of excellent restaurants and bars. Our place is conveniently located at Nation at the crossroads of Bastille and Republique spots. It is a 72 square meters apartment that fits up to 6 persons, ideally a family. It is composed of one double bed room, one smaller room with a bunk bed, and one sofa bed for two persons. The kitchen is fully equipped with all kitchen utilities needed for your stay. There’s also a dining table with 4 chairs. We do also provide at our guests disposal, a baby bathtub and a travel crib (please advise upon reservation). The whole 
28053		Hello small nice room in a loft with possibility of receiving 1 person! Room available starting from September 1st and only for 3 months. I rather wish people who remain several days or complete WE. Connected district very animated many bars and restaurants close to Republic and the Marais, several underground lines very accessible Subway Belleville Gongourt Parmentier Good day A to see you soon Sophie
28054		Located in the heart of Paris, this flat is the ideal to enjoy Paris for a few days.The neighborhood is dynamic and attractive but calm, you will be able to find French typical restaurant and everything you need ( shops, bakery, butchery...) Besides 
28055	Charmant 2 pièces avec parquet et balcon au 2 éme étage d'un immeuble calme et rénové.	Charmant deux pièces avec balcon prés de place de la nation. Quartier dynamique de l'est parisien. A 1 min du métro 9 rue des boulets. Cuisine équipée, salon avec canapé lit, wc séparé et chambre avec lit double et salle de bains. Charmant 2 pièces avec parquet et balcon au 2 éme étage d'un immeuble calme et rénové. Métro rues des boulets ligne 9. Pour la remise des clés. quartier très accessible car proche du centre de paris. Le quartier regorge de commerce de proximité. Merci metro 9 rue des boulets à 1 min rerA et métro nation à 5 min à pied
28056	IN THE HEART OF PARIS BOHEME : THE VINEGAR MAKERS VILLAGE IN CANAL SAINT MARTIN DISTRICT Bright and sunny studio, renewed in 2015, in the CENTRAL, SAFE, TRENDY and ROMANTIC district of Canal Saint Martin, between Republique Square and Gare de l'Est. In the heart of rive droite, the apartment is located in the picturesque and authentic Vinegar Makers Village, formerly Vineyard Trail since XVI century.  The flat is very close to the relevant points of interest, in 15 min by foot you are in: MARAIS district, the Pompidou Centre, the BASTILLE, Belleville and the Grands Boulevards.  The neighborhood is lively, family friendly, safe and considered to be one the place where the action is!  SPACE AND EQUIPMENT  Clean, cozy and well-organized 45 sqm brightened by big windows and composed in a bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe; a living room with a sofa double bed really comfy (French standard 160x200); a new charming kitchen fully equipped; a renovated bathroom with shower and bathtub.	IN THE HEART OF PARIS BOHEME : THE VINEGAR MAKERS VILLAGE IN CANAL SAINT MARTIN DISTRICT Bright and sunny studio, renewed in 2015, in the CENTRAL, SAFE, TRENDY and ROMANTIC district of Canal Saint Martin, between Republique Square and Gare de l'Est. In the heart of rive droite, the apartment is located in the picturesque and authentic Vinegar Makers Village, formerly Vineyard Trail since XVI century.  The flat is very close to the relevant points of interest, in 15 min by foot you are in: MARAIS district, the Pompidou Centre, the BASTILLE, Belleville and the Grands Boulevards.  The neighborhood is lively, family friendly, safe and considered to be one the place where the action is!  SPACE AND EQUIPMENT  Clean, cozy and well-organized 45 sqm brightened by big windows and composed in a bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe; a living room with a sofa double bed really comfy (French standard 160x200); a new charming kitchen fully equipped; a renovated bathroom with shower and bathtub.
28057	Sous les toits de Paris, espace investi dans ses moindres recoins. Une mezzanine 2 places en étage, accessible par un escalier-étagère domine une pièce ouverte sur une clarté traversante. Une mezzanine 1 place dans la chambre. 	In an easily accessible typically Parisian neighbourhood (park,market and café terraces): art historian, has a two room flat offering . An art book library is available in an optimized, special and cosy area. 
28058		    Deux pièces confortable et calme de 42 m2 près du cimetière du Père-Lachaise : une chambre lumineuse et un salon avec cuisine américaine. Dans un quartier vivant, avec commerces, restaurants et 3 lignes de métro  (2/3/11) à proximité.    Des draps et serviettes seront mis à disposition des voyageurs. Ils auront acces aux equipements de la cuisine, aux produits de base, et à des boissons chaudes (café/thé). L'appartement est équipé du wifi et d'une télé avec toutes les chaines de la box + bein sport. Nous aimons notre quartier parce qu'il est très animé, plein de petits commerces de proximité. Il est bien desservi et nous sommes à deux pas du cimetiere du Pere Lachaise, visite à ne pas manquer lors de votre sejour à Paris. Nous sommes à 20 minutes à pied du quartier de la Bastille. 3 lignes de métro à proximité : 2 (Philippe Auguste), 3 (père lachaise), 9 (voltaire) Bus 61 direct depuis la gare de Lyon (10 minutes environ) Depuis les aéroports,  compter 1h de transports en commun ou
28059	Ce charmant appartement, très lumineux et calme, a été rénové récemment. Le balcon donne sur un espace vert (non accessible).   Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes (une chambre avec lit double et un canapé lit confortable dans le salon (140x200)).  N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute information supplémentaire !	Ce beau 2 pièces de 42 m² (et un balcon de 6 m²) est idéalement placé en plein cœur de Paris. Vous pourrez profiter pleinement de votre séjour avec de nombreux restaurants, bars, transports, son marché, des cinémas et à proximité. Ce charmant appartement, très lumineux et calme, a été rénové récemment. Le balcon donne sur un espace vert (non accessible).   Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes (une chambre avec lit double et un canapé lit confortable dans le salon (140x200)).  N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute information supplémentaire ! Internet WiFi, TV, cuisine équipée (four, réfrigérateur, congélateur, 4 plaques à gaz, lave-vaisselle, grille-pain, robot ménager), table de salon, salle de bains avec baignoir, balcon avec table et chaises Métro :  Ligne 1 : Bastille Ligne 5 : Bréguet Sabin Ligne 8 : Chemin Vert ou Bastille Et de nombreux bus : L20, L29, L65, L69, L76, L86, L87, L91, L96, N01, N02, N11, N16, ...
28060		Joli 2 pièces calme de 37m2 situé dans le quartier animé d'Oberkampf. Idéal pour un voyage en amoureux. Proche des métros Parmentier et Oberkampf. De nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants à proximité. L'appartement est situé au 6ième étage SANS ascenseur. (C'est sportif mais c'est bon pour le coeur...) Serviettes et draps fournis. Je reste joignable par téléphone et par mail durant votre séjour. Quartier très agréable et animé. De nombreux commerces de qualité, fromagers, bouchers, boulangeries, traiteurs, supermarchés, restaurants de tout type.. Jours de marché: mardi matin, vendredi matin. Vous êtes à deux minutes de la rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud où vous trouverez de nombreux bars. Très proche du métro, il vous permettra de vous déplacer très facilement. Des bus sont également accessibles très facilement. Métro. L3 station Parmentier, en bas de l'immeuble L5 et 9, station Oberkampf, à 5 min de l'appartement.
28061	The house is part of an old belt buckle factory that has been converted into several homes. This atypical house has three levels with a beautiful old iron staircase and many charming details. It has been tastefully renovated and offers a peaceful and quiet hideaway right in the heart of Paris!	In a house facing a beautiful quiet courtyard full of charm and plants, the large room consists of 2 levels: upper level with 1 double-bed (180 cm wide) + 1 office space for 2 small extra mattresses. Near the popular Oberkampf neighborhood. The house is part of an old belt buckle factory that has been converted into several homes. This atypical house has three levels with a beautiful old iron staircase and many charming details. It has been tastefully renovated and offers a peaceful and quiet hideaway right in the heart of Paris! - Patio facing the courtyard. - Large living room with an open-style kitchen. - Bathroom with bath and shower + toilet. - Towels and sheets provided. - WIFI access. Feel free to ask me for advice and information about your stay in Paris. I will be happy to answer them ! Cheerful and lively neighborhood with typical Parisian bars, wine shops, restaurants, bookstores and shopping venues etc. nearby. Central and convenient for visiting Paris. Access to 3 metro li
28062	My apartment is really cosy, 35 sq. m. I decorated it so it stays sober, and peaceful. It is perfect for a couple wishing to visit Paris and be in the center of the city.	"This quiet and cosy apartment is ideally located between Bastille and Père Lachaise, at 15min walking from Le Marais.  Wonderfull bedroom with bathroom  My apartment is really cosy, 35 sq. m. I decorated it so it stays sober, and peaceful. It is perfect for a couple wishing to visit Paris and be in the center of the city. The kitchen is fully equiped. You can take some coffee or tea if you want ! I rent my apartment during my own holidays so you'll be welcomed by a friend. Before you come in Paris, I'll be totally available by email if you need some informations or recommendations for your trip. The apartement is really quiet. You'll be a few steps away from Le Marais, and from Oberkampf district which is very animated. It is 2min walking from the metro station ""Voltaire"" - line 9. It is 45min from the airport."
28063	Idéalement situé au centre Paris dans la célèbre Rue Oberkampf (« rue-faubourg »), un quartier animé, à deux pas du Marais, de la place de la République, du canal saint-Martin et du Cimetière Père-Lachaise.  L’appartement est un typique appartement haussamnien de 65m² situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, donnant sur la rue avec un balcon filant offrant une magnifique vue sur le Centre George Pompidou (BEAUBOURG). Il est très bien ensoleillé grâce à une exposition plein sud! Il possède de belles cheminées dans chacune des pièces et en ce qui concerne les sols, parquet pour toutes les pièces de vie et carrelage pour SDB / Cuisine et Sanitaires. L'appartement dispose d'une entrée, d'un couloir, d'une cuisine toute équipée et très fonctionnelle (Grand frigo / plaques à inductions + hotte / four / micro-ondes / lave vaisselle), d'une salle de bain avec baignoire (+lave linge / sèche linge), de sanitaires séparés, de deux chambres et d'un salon donnant sur le balcon a l'aide de portes fenêtre	Idéalement situé au centre Paris dans la célèbre Rue Oberkampf (« rue-faubourg »), à deux pas du Marais, de la place de la République, du canal saint-Martin et du Cimetière Père-Lachaise.Appartement de 65m2 typique de l'architecture Haussmanienne. Idéalement situé au centre Paris dans la célèbre Rue Oberkampf (« rue-faubourg »), un quartier animé, à deux pas du Marais, de la place de la République, du canal saint-Martin et du Cimetière Père-Lachaise.  L’appartement est un typique appartement haussamnien de 65m² situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, donnant sur la rue avec un balcon filant offrant une magnifique vue sur le Centre George Pompidou (BEAUBOURG). Il est très bien ensoleillé grâce à une exposition plein sud! Il possède de belles cheminées dans chacune des pièces et en ce qui concerne les sols, parquet pour toutes les pièces de vie et carrelage pour SDB / Cuisine et Sanitaires. L'appartement dispose d'une entrée, d'un couloir, d'une cuisine toute équipée et très fonctionnelle (G
28064	Great space 10 minutes walk from the Marais. 2 apartments in one very charming, original, lovely. Last floor under the roof	"Great space 10 minutes walk from the Marais. 2 apartments in one very charming, original, lovely. Last floor under the roof You have access to everything We can exchange by mail or sms. Most of the time I leave the key somewhere and you pick up on your own. My neighborhood is great, we call it ""le marcher Popincourt"", full of second hand furniture, great restaurants and bars. A fresh market is 5 minutes walk and all the facilities (supermarket, butcher, bread, subway, bus etc..) are next street. 10 minutes from the Marais, 10 from le Père Lachaise. From Gare du Nord is direct 4 stations, then 5 minutes walk."
28065		Petit 10m2 chambre partagée. Je vous offre un canapé pour 2 personnes, une kitchenette et un mini-réfrigérateur disponible. Il est en face du Parc Butte Chaumont, 75 bus et métro porte 5min. Cartier très calme et bien situé. Je vous conseille de ne pas apporter de grands et encombrants sacs parce qu'il ya un assez petit espace. Je dors sur la couchette du haut, mais à peine fréquente dans la chambre. Cependant, il est important de connaître et de préciser qu'il est une pièce séparée, mais a ce que vous avez besoin pour votre séjour. petit-déjeuner offre (entre 3 et 5 € supplémentaires par personne) et le dîner (cuisine maison préparée par ma mère) (5 à 8 € par personne supplémentaire) Cartier est parfait parce que cela est en face du parc des Buttes Chaumont (l'un des plus visités et fréquenté à Paris et avec décor étonnant pour ceux qui aiment la nature) est au nord de Paris, à quelques minutes de Montmartre (Sacré-Coeur), République , La Bastille et d'autres sites touristiques connus
28066		Duplex en plein cœur de Bastille, au fond d une cour ravissante et au calme.
28067		Located 2 min by walk from Voltaire tube station, in the 11th arrondissement, my flat is composed by: A large living room with new furniture A large bedroom with a 160cm new bed A kitchen fully furnished and new A small but convenient bathroom
28068		Hello, I rent my studio 16m2 situated in the 11th near Parmentier which is an area full of bars and restaurants. You have an easy access to the city center from the apartment. It is quiete and well equipped, allowing you to have a pleasant stay.
28069	Hello,  I am proposing my typical parisian flat which is situated in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, right next to the Place de la Nation. Many advantages make this apartment the perfect place for your stay in Paris : the flat is situated 50 meters from the Place de la Nation, one of the main metro station. You'll be on the direct line for the main tourism places (5 minutes from Le Louvre), 10 minutes from Les Champs-Elysées). And you'll stay in the favourite area of parisians people, the 11th arrondissement has a lots of very good bars and restaurants, which are not too touristic.  The apartment is in a 2nd floor. It's a old typical parisian flat with parquet floor and ceiling molding.  The whole apartment has heating and a beautiful light.  The apartment is always clean thanks to my awesome cleaning lady :)  There's a wifi access and a piano !!!	In the 11th arr., the best area of Paris, with so many bars and restaurants!  A typical parisian apartment, 55m2, parquet floor and ceiling molding, quiet, in a charming courtyard. It can host 2 people, with a bedroom and kingsize bed! Hello,  I am proposing my typical parisian flat which is situated in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, right next to the Place de la Nation. Many advantages make this apartment the perfect place for your stay in Paris : the flat is situated 50 meters from the Place de la Nation, one of the main metro station. You'll be on the direct line for the main tourism places (5 minutes from Le Louvre), 10 minutes from Les Champs-Elysées). And you'll stay in the favourite area of parisians people, the 11th arrondissement has a lots of very good bars and restaurants, which are not too touristic.  The apartment is in a 2nd floor. It's a old typical parisian flat with parquet floor and ceiling molding.  The whole apartment has heating and a beautiful light.  The apart
28070	Very original flat on the first floor of a two story building, really calm. 70 square meters (755 ft²) , 2 bedrooms , Living room , fully equipped: ADSL, Flat screen TV, PC...)  Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, dryer,  oven, fridge, microwave), bathroom (with a bath) and toilets.  	In the center of the hype and trendy Oberkampf area, two independent rooms and two king size beds (can easily accomodate up to 6 persons).  
28071		The apartment is located in avery charming neighborhood, very central, 5 min walk to Bastille and Marais, well connected . 
28072	***** Total price given by Airbnb for 1, 2, 3, 4 persons ***** ***** But if only 2 persons in 2 beds : a 12 € suplement can be paid to the check-in ***** ***** Night check-in : + 12 € suplement can be paid to the check-in ***** Le Marais is at 10 minutes walk. 'Voltaire' metro station is at 2 minutes. Many good 'cavistes' around (wine shops), wine bars and French food affordable restaurants. Quiet place: 3 windows with double glazing onto a private little street, no traffic. Located on 2nd floor, at 12 rue Popincourt, in 11th arrondissement. Comfortable bed (160x190cm / 63''x75''), large dining table, big bath. Bed linen and towels provided (cleaned and ironed by our laundry). Facilities  Facilities : Internet high debit (& computer in the apartment) wifi included + possible codes for wifi free public network in the city / TV flat screen, international programs + DVD player / Radio / Fridge, micro-wave, cooking plates, coffee-machine, electric kettle, toaster / Iron, ironing table / Wa	An interesting stay in one of the most typical Parisian area : 'Rue de la Roquette' is at 50 meters, an animated street that leads directly to Bastille Square, the Seine River, and Le Marais (oldest area of Paris). Le Marais is at 10 minutes walk. ***** Total price given by Airbnb for 1, 2, 3, 4 persons ***** ***** But if only 2 persons in 2 beds : a 12 € suplement can be paid to the check-in ***** ***** Night check-in : + 12 € suplement can be paid to the check-in ***** Le Marais is at 10 minutes walk. 'Voltaire' metro station is at 2 minutes. Many good 'cavistes' around (wine shops), wine bars and French food affordable restaurants. Quiet place: 3 windows with double glazing onto a private little street, no traffic. Located on 2nd floor, at 12 rue Popincourt, in 11th arrondissement. Comfortable bed (160x190cm / 63''x75''), large dining table, big bath. Bed linen and towels provided (cleaned and ironed by our laundry). Facilities  Facilities : Internet high debit (& computer in the ap
28073	Large flat, with warm colors, an open living room with a modern open kitchen. One separated bedroom and a possibility to welcome up to 4 guests with a true-bed-couch in the living room. A large 10sqm bathroom with laundry equipment.	"    Refurbished in 2008, this 60 m² flat has a modern touch, ""à la New Yorkaise"", a large 30 m² living room, with an open kitchen. A large fireplace gives this flat a warm charm.  The flat is prefered to be rented out for weeks or months.    Large flat, with warm colors, an open living room with a modern open kitchen. One separated bedroom and a possibility to welcome up to 4 guests with a true-bed-couch in the living room. A large 10sqm bathroom with laundry equipment. The guests have access to everything in the flat. We are very connected and have family and friends in the neighborhood. The flat is located in the same street as one of the entrance to the Pere Lachaise. The street is very quiet but within a 1O min walk it gives the opportunity to reach the dynamic areas of Nation, Bastille, or Oberkampf by foot. All amenities are located near the flat: supermarket, nice bakeries, even a fitness center. Situated on Metro line n°2 Philippe Auguste line n°3 Pere Lachaise and within a 10 "
28074	"An affordable week (or more) in Paris to discover this magic and romantic city. Close to Bastille area -11th district - in the heart of Paris centre, Metro ""Voltaire"" or very close to “Bastille”. Ideally located in one of the most sought after areas in Paris, close to some of the city’s trendiest restaurant's, boutiques and night clubs. The area is also well serviced with major bus and subway routes and food stores and markets. You will be able to visit all Paris by foot. One bedroom studio for 1 or 2 persons. This little tiny and cosy  bedroom has been fully renovated (10 square meters fully furnished room with Convertible Sofa, cupboards...). Located on the 8th floor, you will have a beautiful view of Paris’ roof tops and access to a little balcony with a small table and chair) Very sunny and clear: location at a corner of a street. The studio is completely independent and you won't be in a flat of another person. There is a little kitchen corner visible on the pictures (fully equipp"	"An affordable week (or more) in Paris to discover this magic and romantic city. Close to Bastille area -11th district - in the heart of Paris centre, Metro ""Voltaire"" or very close to “Bastille”. Ideally located in one of the most sought after areas in Paris, close to some of the city’s trendiest restaurant's, boutiques and night clubs. The area is also well serviced with major bus and subway routes and food stores and markets. You will be able to visit all Paris by foot. One bedroom studio for 1 or 2 persons. This little tiny and cosy  bedroom has been fully renovated (10 square meters fully furnished room with Convertible Sofa, cupboards...). Located on the 8th floor, you will have a beautiful view of Paris’ roof tops and access to a little balcony with a small table and chair) Very sunny and clear: location at a corner of a street. The studio is completely independent and you won't be in a flat of another person. There is a little kitchen corner visible on the pictures (fully equipp"
28075	For your stay in Paris (tourism, business trip, etc...) come and discover the authenticity, friendliness and originality of an accommodation at a Parisian home. We are a couple in our fifties. We will be happy to receive you in our home and give you information and advice for your visits.  In a residential and historic area of Paris, very close to Nation Square, the apartment is located on the 7th floor with an elevator. It offers a large view on Paris, with the Eiffel Tower in the distance, Notre-Dame Cathedral and the Invalides Dome. A corridor and a small hall separate the guest room from the rest of the apartment, which guarantees privacy for everybody. The living room is permanently opened to you if you wish to relax in the afternoons or evenings, or watch the television. Breakfast will be served in the dining room (or in your bedroom if you prefer). The price per night includes breakfast. The guest space is wide enough (20 square meters = 250 square feet) and includes : . a large	For your stay in Paris (tourism, business trip, etc...) come and discover the authenticity, friendliness and originality of an accommodation at a Parisian home. We are a couple in our fifties. We will be happy to receive you in our home and give you information and advice for your visits.  In a residential and historic area of Paris, very close to Nation Square, the apartment is located on the 7th floor with an elevator. It offers a large view on Paris, with the Eiffel Tower in the distance, Notre-Dame Cathedral and the Invalides Dome. A corridor and a small hall separate the guest room from the rest of the apartment, which guarantees privacy for everybody. The living room is permanently opened to you if you wish to relax in the afternoons or evenings, or watch the television. Breakfast will be served in the dining room (or in your bedroom if you prefer). The price per night includes breakfast. The guest space is wide enough (20 square meters = 250 square feet) and includes : . a large
28076	So Parisian! Just for you, a large apartment with 2 large bedrooms for 4 people, very clean! There is also a nice sofa where you can sleep (not a bed but very comfortable) 4th floor with elevator The room is simply equipped with a double bed, a wardrobe, desk and chairs, anything you need to keep you perfectly comfortable. I’ll share with you - The living room: very nice, well furnished, overlooking the green (like your bedroom), not overlooked - The fully equipped kitchen: dishes, induction hob, oven, washing machine, table, chairs and all the necessary equipment to cook at home - The bathroom, with bath, sink cabinet on for your stuff - WC in perfect condition Wi-Fi throughout the apartment, TV Everything is perfect for a pleasant stay in Paris! About the area, located 5 minutes from the Marais and Bastille. 1 minute from the Republic Plaza recently renovated, a few meters from the Canal Saint Martin, close to Oberkampf. The apartment has all the advantages for moving out or for a re	70m² in the heart of Paris, 3 min walking from Canal Saint Martin, 3 min from République, 15 min from Bastille! All the apartment is parquet flooring.  4th floor with elevator. So Parisian! Just for you, a large apartment with 2 large bedrooms for 4 people, very clean! There is also a nice sofa where you can sleep (not a bed but very comfortable) 4th floor with elevator The room is simply equipped with a double bed, a wardrobe, desk and chairs, anything you need to keep you perfectly comfortable. I’ll share with you - The living room: very nice, well furnished, overlooking the green (like your bedroom), not overlooked - The fully equipped kitchen: dishes, induction hob, oven, washing machine, table, chairs and all the necessary equipment to cook at home - The bathroom, with bath, sink cabinet on for your stuff - WC in perfect condition Wi-Fi throughout the apartment, TV Everything is perfect for a pleasant stay in Paris! About the area, located 5 minutes from the Marais and Bastille. 1
28077	LES TOILETTES SONT RÉPARÉES. Héhé! ;) Draps et serviettes sont à votre dispositions. Ainsi qu'un sèche cheveux.  L'appartement est très cosi, un voisinage calme, très calme même. Je dois dire que j'ai de la chance d'être dans un immeuble vraiment calme et tranquille.  C'est au 4ème sans ascenceur, ok, mais soyons positif, ça muscle !  Et puis ce n'est pas des grands étages. Hihihi! Comme il est stipulé dans un commentaire, en effet, il n'y a pas de porte a la sdb mais il y a un rideau. Et puis la salle de bain est tout de même en retrait par rapport a la pièce de vie.  Mais BIEN SUR, elle est DANS l'appartement.  Et pour la chasse, un peu bryant oui, si on veut, 2 minutes quoi, c'est un wc sany broyeur rien de plus. Hihi!  Et en plus,  il y a une toilette supplémentaire (privative) également sur le palier juste en face de la porte d'entrée.  Mais comme il est aussi stipulé dans l'ensemble des commentaires, les voyageurs qui sont passés par chez moi en sont reparti ravis !!! Voilà. Je p	Charmant appartement au coeur de Paris. A 2 pas de la place de la République et du quartier dit : Le Marais.  A côté du cirque d'hiver et du Bataclan.  Proche des Halles et de Notre Dame. Métro L5 et 9 en bas de chez moi et L8 a 2 pas.  LES TOILETTES SONT RÉPARÉES. Héhé! ;) Draps et serviettes sont à votre dispositions. Ainsi qu'un sèche cheveux.  L'appartement est très cosi, un voisinage calme, très calme même. Je dois dire que j'ai de la chance d'être dans un immeuble vraiment calme et tranquille.  C'est au 4ème sans ascenceur, ok, mais soyons positif, ça muscle !  Et puis ce n'est pas des grands étages. Hihihi! Comme il est stipulé dans un commentaire, en effet, il n'y a pas de porte a la sdb mais il y a un rideau. Et puis la salle de bain est tout de même en retrait par rapport a la pièce de vie.  Mais BIEN SUR, elle est DANS l'appartement.  Et pour la chasse, un peu bryant oui, si on veut, 2 minutes quoi, c'est un wc sany broyeur rien de plus. Hihi!  Et en plus,  il y a une toilet
28078	A charming two-bedroom apartment in a classic 19th century building. Located in a very safe neighborhood of central Paris, situated between the 3rd (Marais) and the 11th arrondissements (the ultra-hip Oberkampf area). Filled with beautiful paintings and antiques, the flat is on the 1st floor (2nd floor in American terms) with an elevator. A classic 19th century Paris building. Sleeps 6. Everything you want for kids. A 5 minute walk from Bastille, Republique and the beautiful Place des Vosges. Trendy Oberkampf is just two streets up. A leisurely walk to Notre Dame would take a half hour. And you can’t do better for amazing restaurants and bars: we are across the street from Grazie and two blocks away from the famous celebrity hang-out Merci. A delicious bakery that always has a line out the door at lunchtime is just downstairs, open weekdays. Just across the street is Maison Plisson, a café & specialty food shop with locally sourced and organic cheeses, meats and vegetables. The apartme	My spacious 2-bdrm apt sparkles with old-world charm: hardwood floors, marble fireplaces & exquisite ornamental ceiling molding. You can't get more central than this, 5 min from Bastille on the edge of the Marais. Sleeps 6. Perfect for families. A charming two-bedroom apartment in a classic 19th century building. Located in a very safe neighborhood of central Paris, situated between the 3rd (Marais) and the 11th arrondissements (the ultra-hip Oberkampf area). Filled with beautiful paintings and antiques, the flat is on the 1st floor (2nd floor in American terms) with an elevator. A classic 19th century Paris building. Sleeps 6. Everything you want for kids. A 5 minute walk from Bastille, Republique and the beautiful Place des Vosges. Trendy Oberkampf is just two streets up. A leisurely walk to Notre Dame would take a half hour. And you can’t do better for amazing restaurants and bars: we are across the street from Grazie and two blocks away from the famous celebrity hang-out Merci. A d
28079	If you love Paris and culture life and you like to have a yoga / zen spirit at home , you will feel good in my home . It's in the east of Paris with very good connection to go everywhere in the city . if you have children : our house is very children friendly and there are a lot of toys , feel welcome	artist - family home with a lot of zen charme, like a zen place in the city .  you have everything around : metro station, market, bio markets, parcs, shops, cafés etc. and a quiet place to stay in a little private street If you love Paris and culture life and you like to have a yoga / zen spirit at home , you will feel good in my home . It's in the east of Paris with very good connection to go everywhere in the city . if you have children : our house is very children friendly and there are a lot of toys , feel welcome the whole appartement we can interact at any moment by mail and phone if you need . nice area: markets, bio, dance, parcs, shops, coffee shops, restaurants , very popular and in, but not very touristique : ) all the metrostations are very near ( in the same street ) , so you are very quickly everywhere
28080	"The apartment is conveniently situated just 5 mins walk from ""Cimetiere Pere Lachaise"" and 1 min walk to ""Philippe Auguste"" Metro station (line 2) and numerous buses not to mention several velib' (bike) stations very nearby.  It is situated at 10 mins from ""Place de la Nation"" which is a lively area with lots of restaurants, bars, grocery stores and other shops. You can go to Euro Disneyland for less than 1 hour by train from my house. One bedroom (queen sized bed) + living room (queen sized sofa/bed) apartment available . Towels and sheets are all provided and included in the price. The apartment is 48m2 (517 sqft), fully furnished and fairly bright. It has a medium kitchen (with a 2 ring electric cooker, giant fridge/freezer, oven, microwave, toaster, electric kettle, coffee machine and a 6 piece dinner set.  The living room has a dining table (extending table 10 person) and a massive sofa bed. It is nice and clean with a lot of light and even during the summer it will still be cool "	"Beautiful place to take advantage of your visit in Paris!  Apartment RENOVATED quite equipped (Wifi, Tv...) Beautiful surface 48 m2 central 3rd floor with elevator  Metro: Philippe Auguste station; two-minute walk Welcome! The apartment is conveniently situated just 5 mins walk from ""Cimetiere Pere Lachaise"" and 1 min walk to ""Philippe Auguste"" Metro station (line 2) and numerous buses not to mention several velib' (bike) stations very nearby.  It is situated at 10 mins from ""Place de la Nation"" which is a lively area with lots of restaurants, bars, grocery stores and other shops. You can go to Euro Disneyland for less than 1 hour by train from my house. One bedroom (queen sized bed) + living room (queen sized sofa/bed) apartment available . Towels and sheets are all provided and included in the price. The apartment is 48m2 (517 sqft), fully furnished and fairly bright. It has a medium kitchen (with a 2 ring electric cooker, giant fridge/freezer, oven, microwave, toaster, electric kett"
28081	République, Oberkampf, Le Marais, Bastille : a magical place if you want to live like a real Parisian or like to party. There is no better part of Paris to have a diner in typical little restaurants, have a drink and meet new people. This is a very typical and lovely neighbourhood!  A lot of restaurants in the street, 5 minutes walk from the Marais, a popular food market in the street twice a week, subway (lines 9, 5, 3 and 8) and a bicycle (Velib) station  right on the corner... Everything is downstair ! The apartment is located in a quiet street, at the first floor, with a beautiful patio. DESCRIPTION:  Capacity : 4 people, ideal for a family with 2 children. Minimum nights :5 1 Entry code 1st floor to patio 70 m²  1 Living room with TV, i-pod / i-phone docking station, very comfortable sofa bed for 2 people 1 Open Kitchen with Cooker hood and cooktop, microwave, Expresso machine, Fridge with freezer, Washing machine, Dishwasher 1 Bathroom with Large shower  1 independent toilets 1 B	République, Oberkampf, Le Marais, Bastille : a magical place if you want to live like a real Parisian or like to party. There is no better part of Paris to have a diner in typical little restaurants, have a drink and meet new people. This is a very typical and lovely neighbourhood!  A lot of restaurants in the street, 5 minutes walk from the Marais, a popular food market in the street twice a week, subway (lines 9, 5, 3 and 8) and a bicycle (Velib) station  right on the corner... Everything is downstair ! The apartment is located in a quiet street, at the first floor, with a beautiful patio. DESCRIPTION:  Capacity : 4 people, ideal for a family with 2 children. Minimum nights :5 1 Entry code 1st floor to patio 70 m²  1 Living room with TV, i-pod / i-phone docking station, very comfortable sofa bed for 2 people 1 Open Kitchen with Cooker hood and cooktop, microwave, Expresso machine, Fridge with freezer, Washing machine, Dishwasher 1 Bathroom with Large shower  1 independent toilets 1 B
28082	Charming 3 rooms flat on 2 floors, in the center of Paris near the Bastille square. Very bright and quiet, the flat can have as guests 4 people. During your trip, you can use all the house equipment, as Tv, sound system, Internet, DVD .... The Flat is on the third floor of an old and pretty building: - When you come in, you are in the living room with a big open and pratical kitchen. - There is a first bedroom with 1 sofa-bed for 2 people. You can use a bathroom there. - On the second floor, There is a big bedroom for 2 adults, under the roof. There is also a bathroom with a bath , and a desk with internet conection. If you have any questions about Paris or the aera, let me know, and i will do my best for you to spend some good time in the city! I can advise you some pubs, markets, restaurants ...  	Charming 3 rooms flat on 2 floors, in the center of Paris near the Bastille square. Very bright and quiet, the flat can have as guests 4 people. During your trip, you can use all the house equipment, as Tv, sound system, Internet, DVD .... The Flat is on the third floor of an old and pretty building: - When you come in, you are in the living room with a big open and pratical kitchen. - There is a first bedroom with 1 sofa-bed for 2 people. You can use a bathroom there. - On the second floor, There is a big bedroom for 2 adults, under the roof. There is also a bathroom with a bath , and a desk with internet conection. If you have any questions about Paris or the aera, let me know, and i will do my best for you to spend some good time in the city! I can advise you some pubs, markets, restaurants ...  
28083	Quartier calme et proche de Bastille 	à louer meublé pendant le mois d'août à 1 min à pied du Metro Voltaire,  et 10 min de Bastille. Proches de toutes commodités et bars. Ligne directe Opera, Champs-Elysées. Capacité 2 personnes, possible 3 ( sur canapé lit). Quartier calme et proche de Bastille  Commodité: Boulangerie, Supermarché à 1 minute. Metro ligne 9, Station Voltaire
28084	bel appartement de 35 m², tout équipé, calme donnant sur cour au 3e étage sans ascenseur, chambre independante salle de bain ouvert (douche), armoire de rangements, TV, internet plus telephonie gratuit sur certains pays, canapé convertible et cuisine equipée  situé juste à côté du métro  voltaire ligne 9 dans le 11 éme, dix minutes à pied de la place des vosges (marais) et la place de la bastille, tout les commodités à moins de 2 min à pied (velib, autolib, commerces .....) Appartement très tranquille, donnant sur cour intérieure. Nice flat, very quiet well furnished with a bedroom with a shower. Close to the center (Marais, Bastille). 1 big bed, a sofa, wifi, phone call, TV and a furnished kitchen. appartement entier par email  par telephone  whatsapp  (website hidden)  quartier vivant, beaucoup de commerces et des bars (rue de la roquette et Oberkampf) proche du cimetière du Père Lachaise juste devant l immeuble : station autolib et velib à 100 m de la station voltaire 	Calm apartment, clean, subway station, shops  Appartement très calme, très bon état, proche métro autolib velib et toutes commodités   bel appartement de 35 m², tout équipé, calme donnant sur cour au 3e étage sans ascenseur, chambre independante salle de bain ouvert (douche), armoire de rangements, TV, internet plus telephonie gratuit sur certains pays, canapé convertible et cuisine equipée  situé juste à côté du métro  voltaire ligne 9 dans le 11 éme, dix minutes à pied de la place des vosges (marais) et la place de la bastille, tout les commodités à moins de 2 min à pied (velib, autolib, commerces .....) Appartement très tranquille, donnant sur cour intérieure. Nice flat, very quiet well furnished with a bedroom with a shower. Close to the center (Marais, Bastille). 1 big bed, a sofa, wifi, phone call, TV and a furnished kitchen. appartement entier par email  par telephone  whatsapp  (website hidden)  quartier vivant, beaucoup de commerces et des bars (rue de la roquette et Oberkampf
28085	There's a big hall in the apartment.  On the left side, as shown on the pics, are your room, your bathroom (only for you during your stay) and access to the kitchen, where you can prepare breakfast or have a drink. On the right side are the rooms I occupy, my bedroom (which includes a bathroom too), the lounge.	You'll get your own as soon as you arrive. You can use the kitchen (we will share it) to prepare breakfast or cook meals. I'm at your disposal to tell you where to get the best croissants, meat or vegetables. Breakfast is not included in the price. There's a big hall in the apartment.  On the left side, as shown on the pics, are your room, your bathroom (only for you during your stay) and access to the kitchen, where you can prepare breakfast or have a drink. On the right side are the rooms I occupy, my bedroom (which includes a bathroom too), the lounge. As said before, you'll have access to your room, bathroom and kitchen/dining room. Whenever you need some information and i'm around, i'll do my best to give it to you. Very fashionable, the area moves fast and offers the charms of the old Paris while being very trendy. A large variety of bars and restaurants can be found around rue St Maur, Oberkampf, Belleville, Goncourt.Nice locations such as the Buttes Chaumont Park, le Canal St M
28086		"Typical ""Haussmann"" flat at the 2nd floor right in front of the Père Lachaise cemetery, in the heart of Paris. Large double bed"
28087		Appartement calme et confortable entre Bastille et République, proche des commerces et métros. Lieu idéal pour découvrir Paris et profiter d'un appartement douillé et très pratique! Jusqu'à 4 personnes peuvent y séjourner grâce aux 2 lits 2 places.
28088	Central Paris,  Completely renovated , 5 min walk from Bastille and Le marais in the Parisian East Village, Description: There is a living room and kitchenette downstairs and a bed room and a bath upstairs. Private court yard. Possibility bed and breakfast and concierge. Arty neighborhood due to galleries around; The villa has been completely redesigned. We offer a queen size bed in the bedroom upstairs and a convertible sofa downstairs brand new. Come to visit Paris and get my private deals and adresses of typical places to eat to shop and visit !   Possibility to book and recommand theater tickets. Poissibility to add extra bed for baby or child on demand. Nice neighbourhood 5' walk from le Marais and  la Place des Vosges 2' walk from a hub of metro station ( 4 lines ) 7' walk from place de la republique and place de la bastille  15'  by metro from Saint germain des près 20'  by metro from Eiffel tower	Central Paris, Completely renovated ,Villa ternaux is a real townhouse, duplex, at  5 min walk from Bastille and Le marais in the Parisian East Village .Living room and kitchenette downstairs and a bedroom and a bath upstairs. Private court yard. Central Paris,  Completely renovated , 5 min walk from Bastille and Le marais in the Parisian East Village, Description: There is a living room and kitchenette downstairs and a bed room and a bath upstairs. Private court yard. Possibility bed and breakfast and concierge. Arty neighborhood due to galleries around; The villa has been completely redesigned. We offer a queen size bed in the bedroom upstairs and a convertible sofa downstairs brand new. Come to visit Paris and get my private deals and adresses of typical places to eat to shop and visit !   Possibility to book and recommand theater tickets. Poissibility to add extra bed for baby or child on demand. Nice neighbourhood 5' walk from le Marais and  la Place des Vosges 2' walk from a hub 
28089	Charmant appartement de 50m2 habité par un artiste et une antiquaire Appartement donnant sur cour dans un immeuble ancien, calme et frais l'été // Charming apartment of 50m2 inhabited by an artist and an antique dealer	"Artist's charming apartment 50m2, on yard in a former building Very freshly during the summer and peaceful In the heart of the district Charonne, known for its bars, restaurants and shops, and 10 minutes on foot from the district Bastille Charmant appartement de 50m2 habité par un artiste et une antiquaire Appartement donnant sur cour dans un immeuble ancien, calme et frais l'été // Charming apartment of 50m2 inhabited by an artist and an antique dealer Métro au pied de l'immeuble : ligne 9  Stations : ""Charonne"" ou ""Rue des Boulets"" // Metro at the foot of the building : line 9 Stations : ""Charonne"" or ""Rue des Boulets"" Au coeur du quartier Charonne, connu pour ses bars, restaurants et boutiques,  Proche du quartier Bastille (à 10 minutes à pied) et du quartier Aligre (5 minutes à pied), très populaire pour son marché ouvert toute la semaine (sauf le lundi) Idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris à pied // At the heart of the district Charonne, known for its bars, restaurants and shops "
28090		Comfortable and nicely furnished apartment in the XI area, near Bastille and 15 minutes walking from the Marais.  Delicious Cyril Lignac backery down the apartment and a quiet public garden.      
28091	grande chambre avec lit double et un lit simple dans un très bel appartement des années 30 de 75 m2 haut de plafond et entièrement parqueté. la chambre est sur cour. vous pouvez profiter de la cuisine et de la grande salle de bain Acces a internet Ideal pour une personne seule ou un couple. le quartier est très animé, rempli de café et de restaurants, la station de métro est a deux pas ainsi que les bus. Vous avez également une borne velib au pied de l'immeuble. Appartement très calme sur la cour pour une nuit douce et tranquille.	grande chambre avec lit double et un lit simple dans un très bel appartement des années 30 de 75 m2 haut de plafond et entièrement parqueté. la chambre est sur cour. vous pouvez profiter de la cuisine et de la grande salle de bain Acces a internet Ideal pour une personne seule ou un couple. le quartier est très animé, rempli de café et de restaurants, la station de métro est a deux pas ainsi que les bus. Vous avez également une borne velib au pied de l'immeuble. Appartement très calme sur la cour pour une nuit douce et tranquille. vous aurez accès a votre chambre, a la cuisine et a la salle de bain. je serais disponible à tout moment l'appartement étant commun, j'attends des voyageurs qu'ils ferment la porte de leur chambre privée
28092		Appartement de 2 pièces clair et très calme au dernier étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien. Il comporte un grand couloir, une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain et WC séparés, un salon et une chambre le tout donnant sur cour. Quartier animé proche des commerces, marché, restaurants et bars. Le quartier est desservi par de nombreuses lignes de métro et de bus.
28093	Appartement chaleureux, charmant et confortable dans un quartier vivant et agréable. Très lumineux et très calme.	Appartement chaleureux, charmant et confortable dans un quartier vivant et agréable. Très lumineux et très calme. Accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement, internet (wifi), tv (chaines câblées), baignoire, cuisine équipée, etc.  conseils sur les bons plans dans le quartier, comment se déplacer, mise à disposition de plans (métro, ville) ! Quartier animé, commerces, bars, restaurants ... très bonne ambiance ! métro : ligne 3 / 5 / 2  / 9  bus : ligne 96  station Velib
28094	The apartment is situated in a typical Art Deco building between Goncourt and Belleville, a young,popular and arty area of Paris. In the neighborhood you will discover a nice range of restaurants from trendy gastronomy to cheaper but very good Asian food. Also there is a authentic weekly market on tuesday and friday upto metro Belleville. On Sundays you could go to a bio market at rue Alibert at Canal Saint Martin, which is a 5 minute walk. The Marais is at 10 minutes walk.  The apartment is typical Parisian, consisting of two rooms with heigh ceilings, wooden parket, big windows and a fireplace in each room. Based on the 5th floor ( without elevator) at the inner courtgard , you will be sheltered from the noise of the street. In the living room you will find a nice little sofa with a fine collection of books underneath, a New York style antique armchair and a light table with three chairs. There is free wireless internet.  The kitchen is well equiped with all the needs to cook a nice 	The apartment is situated in a typical Art Deco building between Goncourt and Belleville, a young,popular and arty area of Paris. In the neighborhood you will discover a nice range of restaurants from trendy gastronomy to cheaper but very good Asian food. Also there is a authentic weekly market on tuesday and friday upto metro Belleville. On Sundays you could go to a bio market at rue Alibert at Canal Saint Martin, which is a 5 minute walk. The Marais is at 10 minutes walk.  The apartment is typical Parisian, consisting of two rooms with heigh ceilings, wooden parket, big windows and a fireplace in each room. Based on the 5th floor ( without elevator) at the inner courtgard , you will be sheltered from the noise of the street. In the living room you will find a nice little sofa with a fine collection of books underneath, a New York style antique armchair and a light table with three chairs. There is free wireless internet.  The kitchen is well equiped with all the needs to cook a nice 
28095	you planning a trip in paris ? this nice flat in the heart of the city should be the right place to stop by. Live like a real parisian in this charming studio located between Place de la République and Canal Saint-Martin, close to the subway and only 5 minutes walking to the Marais. You will apreciate the neighborhood, very young and atractive, full of bar, cafés and nice restaurants.  Perfect for couple or single persone looking for a base to explore Paris. The studio is very quiet and fully furnished: -Bathroom -Clean towels  -Queen size bed -iMac with internet connection -printer -speakers for music -chest of drawers -Separate kitchen -microwave -kettle -Situated at the 4th floor, with elevator 	you planning a trip in paris ? this nice flat in the heart of the city should be the right place to stop by. you planning a trip in paris ? this nice flat in the heart of the city should be the right place to stop by. Live like a real parisian in this charming studio located between Place de la République and Canal Saint-Martin, close to the subway and only 5 minutes walking to the Marais. You will apreciate the neighborhood, very young and atractive, full of bar, cafés and nice restaurants.  Perfect for couple or single persone looking for a base to explore Paris. The studio is very quiet and fully furnished: -Bathroom -Clean towels  -Queen size bed -iMac with internet connection -printer -speakers for music -chest of drawers -Separate kitchen -microwave -kettle -Situated at the 4th floor, with elevator Subway station (3, 5, 9, 8, 11 train) 
28096	Let’s dive into the heart of Parisian life in the 11th Arrondissement! Welcome to a charming apartment of 1br (380 sq.ft.), fully equipped, located on the 4th floor (without elevator), on a quiet street. It can accommodate up to 4 occupants. The apartment is nicely furnished with plenty of storage space, a comfortable sofa bed in the living room and a double bed in the bedroom. The living room is bright, south-west oriented, no vis-à-vis and with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. This renovated, delightful Parisian apartment boasts two restored fireplaces, original oak parquet and moldings. The building is secure with common areas in excellent condition.	Let’s dive into the heart of Parisian life in the 11th Arrondissement! Welcome to a charming apartment of 1br (380 sq.ft.), fully equipped, located on the 4th floor (without elevator), on a quiet street. It can accommodate up to 4 occupants. The apartment is nicely furnished with plenty of storage space, a comfortable sofa bed in the living room and a double bed in the bedroom. The living room is bright, south-west oriented, no vis-à-vis and with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. This renovated, delightful Parisian apartment boasts two restored fireplaces, original oak parquet and moldings. The building is secure with common areas in excellent condition. The neighborhood is very nice, with many shops and restaurants. The 11th Arrondissement is ideal to discover the Parisian life : cafes, nightlife, excellent restaurants, markets for local products ... It is also an ideal starting point from which you can explore Paris: lines 1, 2 and 6 take you to many attractions of the cap
28097		Situé entre la place de la nation (10 mn) et le Père Lachaise (10 mn) au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien cet appartement de 25 m2 (double exposition) avec sdb indépendante permet de vivre agréablement en couple avec accès wifi, télévision, dvd.. 
28098	A Small Studio in Paris, near to Metro 1. There is a small kitchen, full bathroom with shower and a real bed.	A Small Studio in Paris, near to Metro 1. There is a small kitchen, full bathroom with shower and a real bed.
28099	"This is a typical Parisian apartment, with floor moldings and fireplace. It is furnished design. It consists of a living room with a balcony and 3 large windows. 1 bedroom with a double bed. 1 children's room with a loft bed. A fitted kitchen with hot plates, oven, toaster ... 1 bathroom with bathtub. 1 lift. This is a beautiful, quiet apartment, bright and comfortable. The area is very commercial (butchers, bakers), (Bio, supermarkets, delicatessens), there are good restaurants (French, Italian, Japanese). Directly opposite is a lovely square with a playground for children. It is located between Bastille and République. A 15 minutes bike to go in ""le Marais"" for shopping. Metro: St Ambrose and Voltaire (line 9) or Rue St Maur (line 3) Bus: 46/61 velib cabs Apartment where you feel good with a head in the sky and the stars, which is rare in Paris!"	"This is a typical Parisian apartment, with floor moldings and fireplace, furnished design.  It consists of a living room with a balcony and 3 large windows.  1 bedroom with a double bed.  1 children's room with a loft bed.  1 fitted kitchen  This is a typical Parisian apartment, with floor moldings and fireplace. It is furnished design. It consists of a living room with a balcony and 3 large windows. 1 bedroom with a double bed. 1 children's room with a loft bed. A fitted kitchen with hot plates, oven, toaster ... 1 bathroom with bathtub. 1 lift. This is a beautiful, quiet apartment, bright and comfortable. The area is very commercial (butchers, bakers), (Bio, supermarkets, delicatessens), there are good restaurants (French, Italian, Japanese). Directly opposite is a lovely square with a playground for children. It is located between Bastille and République. A 15 minutes bike to go in ""le Marais"" for shopping. Metro: St Ambrose and Voltaire (line 9) or Rue St Maur (line 3) Bus: 46/61 v"
28100	Très bel appartement de charme de 3 pièces situé au 6ème étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien, avec ascenseur. Refait à neuf en décembre 2013. L'appartement est situé sous les toits et le plafond est en poutres apparentes. Très calme et silencieux. Il y a 2 chambres avec deux lits doubles et le salon dispose d'un canapé convertible très confortable de 140 cms de large. Cuisine américaine dans l'espace salon.  L'appartement est équipé d'une machine à laver et d'un séchoir, une télévision, internet haut débit, lecteur Ipod. Sont fournis: draps, couettes, oreillers, serviettes de toilette, ustensiles de cuisine. La cuisine comprend 4 plaques électriques, un four micro-ondes, un four traditionnel et un frigo.  Le 11ème est un arrondissement « branché » et bien agréable où les parisiens vivent et travaillent tout en profitant des 30 espaces verts ouverts au public. Il abrite quelques monuments et sites dignes d’intérêt comme par exemple le cirque d’hiver, le Bataclan, la Place de la République,	Très bel appartement de charme de 3 pièces situé au 6ème étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien, avec ascenseur. Refait à neuf en décembre 2013. L'appartement est situé sous les toits et le plafond est en poutres apparentes. Très calme et silencieux. Il y a 2 chambres avec deux lits doubles et le salon dispose d'un canapé convertible très confortable de 140 cms de large. Cuisine américaine dans l'espace salon.  L'appartement est équipé d'une machine à laver et d'un séchoir, une télévision, internet haut débit, lecteur Ipod. Sont fournis: draps, couettes, oreillers, serviettes de toilette, ustensiles de cuisine. La cuisine comprend 4 plaques électriques, un four micro-ondes, un four traditionnel et un frigo.  Le 11ème est un arrondissement « branché » et bien agréable où les parisiens vivent et travaillent tout en profitant des 30 espaces verts ouverts au public. Il abrite quelques monuments et sites dignes d’intérêt comme par exemple le cirque d’hiver, le Bataclan, la Place de la République,
28101	Very nice apartment in the XI district, next to Le Marais historical, ideal for 2 to 4 persons. (1 double bed and 1 convertible sofa)  Calm and safe location but in a trendy and animated area with many bars and restaurants around. Experience the city like a local with food stores, wine cellar, fresh market down the street ! For more information on our district: https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/republique What we provide : - WiFi Internet  - Ipod Dock - Bedding, linens, bathroom with a shower,  - Kitchen, microwaves/oven/gril, Nespresso, kettle, fridge, pots, pans, dishes…and everything you need to cook.  - Separated toilet within the apartment  	"Spacious and fully equipped 3 rooms (55sqm) apartment next to Le Marais. 2min away from ""Oberkampf"" metro station. Very calm location, trendy district full of bars and restaurants, it is the perfect combination for a short stay in Paris! Very nice apartment in the XI district, next to Le Marais historical, ideal for 2 to 4 persons. (1 double bed and 1 convertible sofa)  Calm and safe location but in a trendy and animated area with many bars and restaurants around. Experience the city like a local with food stores, wine cellar, fresh market down the street ! For more information on our district: https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/republique What we provide : - WiFi Internet  - Ipod Dock - Bedding, linens, bathroom with a shower,  - Kitchen, microwaves/oven/gril, Nespresso, kettle, fridge, pots, pans, dishes…and everything you need to cook.  - Separated toilet within the apartment   Subway line 5 and 9 Oberkampf within 2 min  Subway line 8 Filles du Calvaire within 4 min 2 Velib stati"
28102	It's a quite and sunny apartment with a beautiful view on the square Gardette. Perfect for single or a couple There are many nice places around and it's only 15 minutes walk from le Marais, République, Bastille and le Père Lachaise.	"It's a quite and sunny apartment with a beautiful view on the square Gardette. Perfect for single or a couple There are many nice places around and it's only 15 minutes walk from le Marais, République, Bastille and le Père Lachaise. Tee, coffee, milk, bread and butter for breakfast. The kitchen is fully equipped (fridge, washing machine, oven, toaster, iron…) Bathroom : shampoo, hair dryer, towels Unlimited internet acces with wifi is included The park is a beautiful botanical garden. The area is amazingly quite (there is nearly no traffic in the street !) There are many good restaurants around. My favorites are : ""le Square Gardette"" with a french gourmet menu, the Nha-Quê, a Vietnamese restaurant facing the park (both of these restaurants are on my street) and one of the most famous pizzeria of Paris ""l'Altra"" on rue saint Maur. There are many others new bars and restaurants to discover (i'll give you the addresses if you're interested) You can do your shopping (food etc.)  till late"
28103	For 2 people, nice studio 20.56 m2, very bright, rue Saint-Maur in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, it is located on 2nd floor, very well appointed, it boasts modern décor. This studio is fully equipped (equipped, washing machine, iron, ironed, hair dryer, wireless internet kitchen ...), linen and towels are provided (sheets, towels ...). In one of the liveliest areas of Paris, you still enjoy the quiet of the studio, which has windows on its way. You will also enjoy many local shops (restaurants, bakeries, pharmacies, bars ...) at the foot of the building and the subway station nearest to 2 minutes	Pretty studio, renovated .... For 2 people, nice studio 20.56 m2, very bright, rue Saint-Maur in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, it is located on 2nd floor, very well appointed, it boasts modern décor. This studio is fully equipped (equipped, washing machine, iron, ironed, hair dryer, wireless internet kitchen ...), linen and towels are provided (sheets, towels ...). In one of the liveliest areas of Paris, you still enjoy the quiet of the studio, which has windows on its way. You will also enjoy many local shops (restaurants, bakeries, pharmacies, bars ...) at the foot of the building and the subway station nearest to 2 minutes Free wifi, cable TV, washing machine, iron and ironing board, hair dryer ... Very lively, supermarket, restaurants, bars, etc., at the foot of the building ... Subway and bus 75 meters ....
28104	Between Nation and Bastille, you will feel as home in this lovely studio of 26m ². Ideal for single or couple. In the 3rd floor without elevator, its cosy/urban side will seduce you. Practical and functional, this apartment possesses numerous arrangements (boxes, storage unit for shoes, closet, big shelf in the bathroom) as well as diverse equipments (washing machine, iron, internet, Tv). The open kitchen consists of two hot plates (town gas), you can easily store your food in cupboards and in refrigerator. The oven (rotating heat or traditional heat), microwaves and the dishwasher will facilitate you the task. Concerning bedtime, the sofa bed with two big places as well as its sheets will welcome you. The shower offers the possibility of alternating easily Italian-style shower and traditional shower. Towels, shower gel and a hairdryer are at your disposal. At the heart of the 11th district, you can quickly go on foot in certain high Parisian tourist places: - Place Léon Blum (5 minute	Between Nation and Bastille, you will feel as home in this lovely studio of 26m ². Ideal for single or couple. In the 3rd floor without elevator, its cosy/urban side will seduce you. Practical and functional, this apartment possesses numerous arrangements (boxes, storage unit for shoes, closet, big shelf in the bathroom) as well as diverse equipments (washing machine, iron, internet, Tv). The open kitchen consists of two hot plates (town gas), you can easily store your food in cupboards and in refrigerator. The oven (rotating heat or traditional heat), microwaves and the dishwasher will facilitate you the task. Concerning bedtime, the sofa bed with two big places as well as its sheets will welcome you. The shower offers the possibility of alternating easily Italian-style shower and traditional shower. Towels, shower gel and a hairdryer are at your disposal. At the heart of the 11th district, you can quickly go on foot in certain high Parisian tourist places: - Place Léon Blum (5 minute
28105	You'll enjoy your stay in Paris with this lightening and beautiful big studio of 29 sqm² + 10 sqm of Balcony. All is furnished 	THE PIC IS REAL ! 11th and last floor, big studio of 30 Sqm and 10 Sqm of balcony, the place has a living room with open kitchen, bedroom area and large bathroom.  Many transports and shops right down the building.  You'll enjoy your stay at 100% You'll enjoy your stay in Paris with this lightening and beautiful big studio of 29 sqm² + 10 sqm of Balcony. All is furnished 
28106	Hello I am Jessica, I am renting an nice 35m2 apartment, located in a safety area in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. Equal distance from Metro Voltaire (line 9) and Metro Philippe Auguste  (line 2) => not even 5 min walk. The metro (line 2) will take you directly to many major sights: Pigalle /Montmartre… it’s also close from the Latin Quarter /Notre Dame and Le Marais area. The apartment is fully furnished and equipped,  For any questions, feel free to email me! 	Hello I am Jessica, I am renting an nice 35m2 apartment, located in a safety area in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. Equal distance from Metro Voltaire (line 9) and Metro Philippe Auguste  (line 2) => not even 5 min walk. The metro (line 2) will take you directly to many major sights: Pigalle /Montmartre… it’s also close from the Latin Quarter /Notre Dame and Le Marais area. The apartment is fully furnished and equipped,  For any questions, feel free to email me! TV Internet+wifi Iron Bath towels & sheets Fournished kitchen Washing machine Dishwashing Lively neighborhood, in the center of Paris, close to shops, grocery shops, bars&Café...and safe.
28107	Appartment quiet with a balcony overlooking a private garden. Light is coming threw the windows.	Charming 2 rooms appartment located on the 5th floor of a quiet residence overlooking Paris roofs. In the Heart of the Bastille district closed to all main Paris attractions.Centrally (email hidden)ops, restaurants, subways near by...everything you need for a wonderful experience in Paris! Appartment quiet with a balcony overlooking a private garden. Light is coming threw the windows. Free parking in the underground parking lot. I will be here to welcome you and to give you keys and informations. Very lively neighorhood with many shops, restaurants, cafés, cinémas,  opéra etc metro lines  1,5 et 8, public buses on the Bastille square. Sta taxi, vélib' et autolib' stations very close by
28108	Th apartment is composed of a living room with a fully equipped kitchen and a sofa bed, a bathroom with separated toilets and a double bedroom. It has a total area of 54 m2. Our cute and nice cat could be there if we don't find any option during our absence.	Th apartment is composed of a living room with a fully equipped kitchen and a sofa bed, a bathroom with separated toilets and a double bedroom. It has a total area of 54 m2. Our cute and nice cat could be there if we don't find any option during our absence.
28109	This Beautiful and comfortable apartment for 4 persons is the best for your journeys in family or business trip. It has a big bedroom with a double bed. In the living room, you will find a sofa bed for 2 persons . The room is very bright with these big windows. The WiFi is available and free. The American styled kitchen is completely equipped: coffee machine, refrigerator, kettle, washing machine. There is a bathroom with a toilet . We do provide linen, toilet paper and shower gel. The district is very alive and quite at the same time. For further informations please ask.  Anne-Sophie & Maxime	"This Beautiful and comfortable apartment for 4 persons is the best for your journeys in family or business trip. It has a big bedroom with a double bed. In the living room, you will find a sofa bed for 2 persons . The room is very bright with these big windows. The WiFi is available and free. The American styled kitchen is completely equipped: coffee machine, refrigerator, kettle, washing machine. There is a bathroom with a toilet . We do provide linen, toilet paper and shower gel. The district is very alive and quite at the same time. For further informations please ask.  Anne-Sophie & Maxime You will get the key during the check'in. Then the flat will be yours during your stay. Just like the district, the neighborhood is very trendy. It can  peaceful at the same time and if you move out a few meters away you can   party and  see people. You are here in one of the  most fashionable districts from the capital. There is every culture in this area. It's a real ""melting pot"" Restaurants, "
28110	We've got a nice flat in Paris to rent between the 13th and the 27th of August. It's a 52 m2 flat very sunny and quiet located in a small impasse ( cul de sac ). You can park your car freely. It is close to Père Lachaise ( 5mn walking ) and bastille, and also to the center of paris by three different metro ( Line 2,3 & 9 ) You can get some food on this area, and there is also some restaurant over there ( Belleville and Menilmontant). It is very convenient for a couple with a baby , because we have all you can need for him and a child. In the kitchen you have a washing machine, a dish machine, oven ...etc ... We have also a wifi access. Don't hesitate to ask us some more information. Thank's.	We've got a nice flat in Paris to rent between the 13th and the 27th of August. It's a 52 m2 flat very sunny and quiet located in a small impasse ( cul de sac ). You can park your car freely. It is close to Père Lachaise ( 5mn walking ) and bastille, and also to the center of paris by three different metro ( Line 2,3 & 9 ) You can get some food on this area, and there is also some restaurant over there ( Belleville and Menilmontant). It is very convenient for a couple with a baby , because we have all you can need for him and a child. In the kitchen you have a washing machine, a dish machine, oven ...etc ... We have also a wifi access. Don't hesitate to ask us some more information. Thank's.
28111	"Nicely decorated with a personal touch and some nice and unique decorative pieces (silkscreen printings or paper lamps made by my artist friends !).  The appartment is in the back building so it is quiet and sunny, close to two outdoor markets (if you like to cook and wander) on Bastille and Richard Lenoir Boulevard), all commodities, restaurants and Le Marais (8 m walking distance) and all the touristy places. Public transportation is very good: buses are everywhere and there is a subway station right downstairs (Ambroise station, line 9). There are also several ""Velib"" stations (a nice way to go around Paris with a bicycle for a very cheap price !).  Also, I provide a customized map of my neighborhood so you know where to find the good spots around. I have also several touristic books in english for your perusal. Bed linen provided. 4th floor without elevator. The minimum rental period is 4 nights."	"Cosy & nicely decorated apt,perfect for 2 people with 1 large bedroom, 1 living room, a small kitchen and 1 bathroom with Wi-Fi connection. Located in the center of the city, in a typical authentic safe and parisian area not far from from Le Marais. Nicely decorated with a personal touch and some nice and unique decorative pieces (silkscreen printings or paper lamps made by my artist friends !).  The appartment is in the back building so it is quiet and sunny, close to two outdoor markets (if you like to cook and wander) on Bastille and Richard Lenoir Boulevard), all commodities, restaurants and Le Marais (8 m walking distance) and all the touristy places. Public transportation is very good: buses are everywhere and there is a subway station right downstairs (Ambroise station, line 9). There are also several ""Velib"" stations (a nice way to go around Paris with a bicycle for a very cheap price !).  Also, I provide a customized map of my neighborhood so you know where to find the good sp"
28112	Close to all amenities, restaurants and groceries/cheese/wine and supermarket. Tube line 9 is 10 meters away.	2 bdr flat made of 1 parental suite with bathroom, 1 child bedroom with 1,6m bed, 1 living room with open kitchen 3 large parisian windows 1 bathroom with bath and washing machine Close to all amenities, restaurants and groceries/cheese/wine and supermarket. Tube line 9 is 10 meters away. Dishwasher Washing machine, wifi As much as they need me
28113	Logement refait à neuf!	En plein cœur d'un quartier d'artistes! A 2 min à pied du métro Couronnes Supermarché en bas de l'immeuble A 5 min des bars et restaurants d'Oberkampf A 10 min de la place République L'appartement est refait à neuf, déco chic, moderne et baroque! :-) Logement refait à neuf! Accès au supermarché au pied de l'immeuble 2 min à pied du métro Couronnes Je suis disponible par mail, (website hidden), (website hidden), téléphone Un peu décalé, un peu bobo.. Remplie de galeries d'artistes Quartier populaire avec beaucoup d'ambiance notamment dans la rue Oberkampf avec ses nombreux bars et restaurants! Métro L2 Couronnes Métro L2 et L11 Belleville Station Velib (vélo de Paris) Et beaucoup de bus à proximité!
28114	Our charming apartment is located on avenue de la République, in the lively neighborhood of Père Lachaise, Menilmontant. Very close to Metro lines 3 and 4, it is very well connected. And it is a nice stroll away from the Marais. The apartment is very bright and spacious, on the 4th floor with a lift.  It is composed of 3 bedrooms, a double living room, one bathroom with one separate toilet and one kitchen. The windows are floor to ceiling and you can enjoy a lovely view. It is a very bright apartment, with no vis à vis, which is rare for Paris!  Our sweet cat Finn and myself will be living there. One of the rooms may also be occupied by other Airbnb guests.	Our charming apartment is located on avenue de la République, in the lively neighborhood of Père Lachaise, Menilmontant. Very close to Metro lines 3 and 4, it is very well connected. And it is a nice stroll away from the Marais. Our charming apartment is located on avenue de la République, in the lively neighborhood of Père Lachaise, Menilmontant. Very close to Metro lines 3 and 4, it is very well connected. And it is a nice stroll away from the Marais. The apartment is very bright and spacious, on the 4th floor with a lift.  It is composed of 3 bedrooms, a double living room, one bathroom with one separate toilet and one kitchen. The windows are floor to ceiling and you can enjoy a lovely view. It is a very bright apartment, with no vis à vis, which is rare for Paris!  Our sweet cat Finn and myself will be living there. One of the rooms may also be occupied by other Airbnb guests. You will have access to your room, the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room. The cat Finn will be sh
28115	Un appartement petit, mais très bien organisée. Avec une chambre séparée comportant un lit double. Et un grand canapé-lit dans le salon.	Au premier étage d'un immeuble parisien. Petit appartement de 39m2, très bien organisé avec une chambre calme, une s.d.b et une cuisine séparée. Entre les quartiers animés et festifs de Belleville et Oberkampf. Un appartement petit, mais très bien organisée. Avec une chambre séparée comportant un lit double. Et un grand canapé-lit dans le salon. C'est un quartier animé avec de nombreux bars et restaurants à proximité. Le métro vous relie directement au quartier du Marais et au centre de Paris. Proximité de plusieurs lignes de métro et du bus 96
28116	2 pièces très agréable à vivre, avec grand balcon et belle vue dégagée. Lit deux places confortable, canapé -lit 2 places, grande bibliothèque et discothèque, salle de bain avec baignoire, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. 2 rooms flat at 4th floor, very pleasant to stay. Big balcony and a nice large view over Paris. Next to place de la République, rue Oberkampf (bars), canal Saint Martin (romantic and night life)... Very nice neighbourhood. 15 minutes to Chatelet and Latin District. En plein cœur d'un quartier vivant, habité et très agréable à vivre. A 15 minutes de Châtelet et du Quartier latin. Jouxte la place de la République (promenades et kiosque à jeux), la rue Oberkampf (bars), le canal Saint Martin (Paris romantique et animations)... Grande facilité d'accès / Very easy to join :  Métro lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11. Bus n° (phone number hidden)h from Orly et Roissy Charles de Gaulle areports.  15 minutes from Gare de l'Est, Gare de Lyon, Gare du Nord and Gare Saint-Lazare. 30 minutes depu	2 pièces très agréable à vivre, avec grand balcon et belle vue dégagée. Lit deux places confortable, canapé -lit 2 places, grande bibliothèque et discothèque, salle de bain avec baignoire, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge.  2 rooms flat at 4th floor, very pleasant to stay. Big balcony and a nice large view over Paris. Next to place de la République, rue Oberkampf (bars), canal Saint Martin (romantic and night life)... 2 pièces très agréable à vivre, avec grand balcon et belle vue dégagée. Lit deux places confortable, canapé -lit 2 places, grande bibliothèque et discothèque, salle de bain avec baignoire, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. 2 rooms flat at 4th floor, very pleasant to stay. Big balcony and a nice large view over Paris. Next to place de la République, rue Oberkampf (bars), canal Saint Martin (romantic and night life)... Very nice neighbourhood. 15 minutes to Chatelet and Latin District. En plein cœur d'un quartier vivant, habité et très agréable à vivre. A 15 minutes de Châtelet et du Q
28117		In the heart of Paris – République area, furnished private room double bed, in a charming 3 room flat shared with a graphic designer, weekly rental cost: 600 euros, all charges (electricity, internet) incl. Available 1st July.
28118	Apartment 32 m2 (344 ft 2) 2 Bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen, wc. 3rd Floor (only stairs) building from the  XIX th century. Calm, luminous, cordial place to stay. Center Paris locatation, 5 minutes to Bastille and the Seine river. All kind of transports in front of the building; Taxi, bus, metro (line 1 and 8), Vélib station. The metro line, cross Paris in the large part. Direct access to the essential places of the city; La Seine, Bastille, Le Marais, Châtelet, Le Louvre, Les Champs Élysées, ...  From my apartment, you'll can access to any part of Paris in 30 minutes. At two minutes from my place, you'll find fresh vegetables & meat at the typical Aligre Market (from tuesday to sunday). At 30 seconds of my building, you'll find three bakery, two butchery, three supermarket, fromagerie,... Everything you'll need is there ! You'll also find of course, Lots of nices French Restaurants, Wines Bars and Pubs around. Perfect place for a couple (or a couple with a kid not under 13 years old). I'	Apartment 32 m2 (344 ft 2) 2 Bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen, wc. 3rd Floor (only stairs) building from the  XIX th century. Calm, luminous, cordial place to stay. Center Paris locatation, 5 minutes to Bastille and the Seine river. All kind of transports in front of the building; Taxi, bus, metro (line 1 and 8), Vélib station. The metro line, cross Paris in the large part. Direct access to the essential places of the city; La Seine, Bastille, Le Marais, Châtelet, Le Louvre, Les Champs Élysées, ...  From my apartment, you'll can access to any part of Paris in 30 minutes. At two minutes from my place, you'll find fresh vegetables & meat at the typical Aligre Market (from tuesday to sunday). At 30 seconds of my building, you'll find three bakery, two butchery, three supermarket, fromagerie,... Everything you'll need is there ! You'll also find of course, Lots of nices French Restaurants, Wines Bars and Pubs around. Perfect place for a couple (or a couple with a kid not under 13 years old). I'
28119	I'm not very focused on the design, however, you will find cleanliness, and all necessary equipment for a pleasant stay.	Beautiful quiet building. 1 living room and 1 bedroom with a 190x140 bed with equiped kitchen, storage space, small bathroom. Near shops, bars, restaurants. Métro Republique (4 stops from very center châtelet, Notre Dame, Louvre...)  Real parisian myself, I can make you discover some great places in town I'm not very focused on the design, however, you will find cleanliness, and all necessary equipment for a pleasant stay. Equipped kitchen (refrigerator, stove) A double bed (140x190) A living room with a large table and four chairs. The bathroom includes a shower sink and toilet. If I can welcome you and show you around, it will be a pleasure. I am a real parisian myself, so I know the must see spots wether the real parisian places The St Martin canal, festive and alternative (some scenes from Amelie Poulain were shot there...)  In the North, the Buttes Chaumont and the neighborhood Stalingrad, new Parisian territories, with new restaurants, cruises on the canal, beautiful movie theate
28120	 Logement agréable et fonctionnel où il fait bon vivre. Grande terrasse au 11ème étage. Unique ! Solarium les beaux jours parisiens. SDB confortable avec baignoire/douche et WC. Cuisine équipée : four, micro-ondes et plaques électriques.  	 Logement agréable et fonctionnel où il fait bon vivre. Grande terrasse au 11ème étage. Unique ! Solarium les beaux jours parisiens. SDB confortable avec baignoire/douche et WC. Cuisine équipée : four, micro-ondes et plaques électriques.   Accès a l' équipement de l appartement, cuisine équipé avec four, micro-ondes et plaques électriques Echanges par mail, une fois sur place possibilité par téléphone  Quartier Très sympathique, proche de toutes commodités : restaurants (cuisines française, italienne, japonnaise, indienne, snack ). Je donne volontiers mes petites adresses et mes coins fétiches! Boulangerie, épicerie, fromagerie, boucher, caviste  Marché agréable le Mercredi et Samedi matin!  Logement accessible! Station ligne 2 au pied de la residence. Accès direct sacrée cœur  A 2 min, station de Buzenval ( ligne 9) direct à la Tour Eiffel  A 5 min Station NATION, coeur de ville en 10 minutes  Plusieurs Sation de velib' dans la même rue  Non aucunes remarques particulières 
28121	The first floor has a fully equipped kitchen and opens to a large and bright living room in which you can enjoy a nice dinner with friends. Second floor has a large futon bed and a bathroom with a bathtub.	A cosy duplex in the heart of Oberkampf. Pastel colors, green plants, large windows and velux, you will comfortably rest in a king size futon after exploring the Marais or the heights of Belleville. The first floor has a fully equipped kitchen and opens to a large and bright living room in which you can enjoy a nice dinner with friends. Second floor has a large futon bed and a bathroom with a bathtub. The whole flat will be yours to enjoy when you book it. I will always be available on the phone, texts and emails. In case of emergency, my friends living nearby will be able to be of direct assistance. The streets just northwest of the place de Bastille are full of little bars, which attract a mix of young suburban Parisians, expats, and foreigners. Many have a Latin-American theme. Meanwhile the restaurants, bars, and wine-bars around the rue Oberkampf in the north of the 11th and the rue de Charonne near the avenue Ledru Rollin attract a more urban crowd and are perhaps closer to somet
28122	"Artist's loft on 2 floors, ultra modern due to all its material (equipment) last generation, and traditional due to sound attractive stone floor and woodfloor, his(her,its) beautiful height under ceiling, its window and its exposed beams, this apartment will bring you all the necessary comfort to feel(smell) you as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, (""le marais"", the place(square) of the Bastille, the place(square) of Vosges, the place(square) of the Republic, the Saint Martin canal etc.) this apartment consists of a big and comfortable stay with 3D TV 139 cms, a sofa bed which can welcome 2 people with a real bed very comfortable. A cooking(kitchen) any outing with cook(cooker), oven, refrigerator, wash dishes(crockery), coffee machine, toaster, kettle, dishes(crockery) etc.... We can find also a washing machine and TOILETS. On the 1st floor a first room(chamber) with a double bed w"	"Magnificent artist loft, very luminous and located very close of the bastille place, Le marais  and ""place of the Vosges"". This loft is entirely equipped and nine for an optimal comfort during your stay in paris Artist's loft on 2 floors, ultra modern due to all its material (equipment) last generation, and traditional due to sound attractive stone floor and woodfloor, his(her,its) beautiful height under ceiling, its window and its exposed beams, this apartment will bring you all the necessary comfort to feel(smell) you as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, (""le marais"", the place(square) of the Bastille, the place(square) of Vosges, the place(square) of the Republic, the Saint Martin canal etc.) this apartment consists of a big and comfortable stay with 3D TV 139 cms, a sofa bed which can welcome 2 people with a real bed very comfortable. A cooking(kitchen) any outing with cook(cook"
28123	A well located and cozy one-bedroom apartment for rent in Paris.  It has two good views: - a living room bathed in light (a comfortable fold-out bed in the living room) with an unobstructed view through two windows overlooking a public tennis court.  You can even see the Bastille column from the apartment;  - a cozy bedroom looking out onto a court yard (antique bed: twin bed 120 cm wide), bathroom with window, a large fully-equipped kitchen which overlooks a floral patio where you can eat or just take a nap in a lounge chair… For your baby, a little bed for children, a cot. Equipment:  internet, cable TV, Hi-Fi stereo. Located at the heart of the Bastille district, the apartment sits on a quiet street, between the rue de Lappe, with its lively restaurants and clubs, and the bourgeois chic boutiques in the rue de Charonne, and  the Richard-Lenoir and Aligre open-air markets. The apartment is also very close to the Marais and St. Paul districts. The green and delightful nature promenade	A well located and cozy one-bedroom apartment for rent in Paris.  It has two good views: - a living room bathed in light (a comfortable fold-out bed in the living room) with an unobstructed view through two windows overlooking a public tennis court.  You can even see the Bastille column from the apartment;  - a cozy bedroom looking out onto a court yard (antique bed: twin bed 120 cm wide), bathroom with window, a large fully-equipped kitchen which overlooks a floral patio where you can eat or just take a nap in a lounge chair… For your baby, a little bed for children, a cot. Equipment:  internet, cable TV, Hi-Fi stereo. Located at the heart of the Bastille district, the apartment sits on a quiet street, between the rue de Lappe, with its lively restaurants and clubs, and the bourgeois chic boutiques in the rue de Charonne, and  the Richard-Lenoir and Aligre open-air markets. The apartment is also very close to the Marais and St. Paul districts. The green and delightful nature promenade
28124	The bedroom features a very comfortable bed for 2 persons with a large wardrobe from the floor to the ceiling. The apartment also features a spacious living room, with a typically Parisian floor made of oak. It also features a modern kitchen with freezer, dishwaher, washing machine. Charming bathroom with a bathtub. Wifi.	Sunny 2rooms apartment, 1st floor, quiet, fully equipped. Double bed in the bedroom, simple sofa bed in the living room. It is 5 minutes walk to 5 subway lines, 3 minutes walk to the Canal Saint Martin. Dynamic and young area. The bedroom features a very comfortable bed for 2 persons with a large wardrobe from the floor to the ceiling. The apartment also features a spacious living room, with a typically Parisian floor made of oak. It also features a modern kitchen with freezer, dishwaher, washing machine. Charming bathroom with a bathtub. Wifi.
28125	Stay in an old building and a typical Parisian apartment. We carefully decorated mixing vintage and new furniture for your comfort.  Ideal for a couple, the accommodation comprises a bedroom with king size bed and a large sofa.  It is accessible by elevator to the 5th floor - the last one.	This bright apartment will delight its future tenants! A bedroom with kingsize bed, a living room and two balconies on typical street, big sofa bed, fully equipped US kitchen. 5th and last floor with elevator. Oberkampf Metro - Lively area. Stay in an old building and a typical Parisian apartment. We carefully decorated mixing vintage and new furniture for your comfort.  Ideal for a couple, the accommodation comprises a bedroom with king size bed and a large sofa.  It is accessible by elevator to the 5th floor - the last one. We provide you with towels, clean sheets.  There is wifi and HD TV with cable channels through our overhead projector.  The kitchen has all modern facilities: refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, hob, oven, toaster, kettle and coffee machine. And everything needed for cooking.  The bathroom has a large shower, sink, toilet, heated towel rail and a window.  You have an ironing board and iron. I am available to share by email and my partner or myself 
28126	Très agréable appartement de 35m2 sans perte de place, situé au 4ième et dernier étage d'une petite résidence standing.  Très lumineux et ensoleillé, très calme. - Salon avec baie vitrée et fenêtre donnant sur terrasse de 8m2 à la vue dégagée sur les toits, jardin, et sur l'église Saint-Ambroise.  - Chambre séparée par cloison coulissante. - Cuisine séparée neuve entièrement équipée - Salle de bain avec baignoire - Entrée avec grand placard - Toilettes séparées Possibilité de couchage supplémentaire dans le salon sur large canapé convertible Tout confort et équipements mis à disposition. Very nice flat 35sqm on the 4th floor with lift in standing building.  Very luminous, sunny, and very quiet. - living room with large balcony access - one separated room - one separated kitchen fully equiped - bethroom with bath - separated toilets Fully equiped 	Bel appartement grand studio avec chambre séparée, tout confort, dernier étage avec ascenseur, calme, ensoleillé, très lumineux, état neuf, avec terrasse vue sur église et toits dans résidence de standing. A proximité immédiate de toutes les commodités, du Marais, Bastille, République et quartier Oberkampf.. Très agréable appartement de 35m2 sans perte de place, situé au 4ième et dernier étage d'une petite résidence standing.  Très lumineux et ensoleillé, très calme. - Salon avec baie vitrée et fenêtre donnant sur terrasse de 8m2 à la vue dégagée sur les toits, jardin, et sur l'église Saint-Ambroise.  - Chambre séparée par cloison coulissante. - Cuisine séparée neuve entièrement équipée - Salle de bain avec baignoire - Entrée avec grand placard - Toilettes séparées Possibilité de couchage supplémentaire dans le salon sur large canapé convertible Tout confort et équipements mis à disposition. Very nice flat 35sqm on the 4th floor with lift in standing building.  Very luminous, sunny, an
28127	Ce studio de 23m2 est situé à la limite du 3e arrondissement de Paris, au pied du métro Saint Sébastien Froissart (ligne 8) et proche de toutes commodités (marché des enfants Rouges à 5mn à pieds, hypermarché, tabac, boulangerie, restaurants, magasins les plus branchés de paris... La ligne 8 permet d’aller à Opéra en 10 minutes, la place des Vosges est rejointe en 8 minutes à pieds, tout comme Bastille ou République.  Je serais heureux de vous conseiller les meilleurs endroits parisiens et les plus beaux sites à visiter pour votre séjour.  Echange avec les voyageurs des bons plan restaurant, magasin, musée, concert... Le logement, qui vient d’être refait à neuf possède le charme des poutres et tomettes. Il se trouve au troisième étage d’un immeuble parisien traditionnel, on y accède par les escaliers.	This studio is located on the edge of the third district at the foot of St Sebastien Froissart metro (L 8). It is ideal to visit the Marais, République, Bastille. Line 8 through Paris and easy access to other attractions. Ce studio de 23m2 est situé à la limite du 3e arrondissement de Paris, au pied du métro Saint Sébastien Froissart (ligne 8) et proche de toutes commodités (marché des enfants Rouges à 5mn à pieds, hypermarché, tabac, boulangerie, restaurants, magasins les plus branchés de paris... La ligne 8 permet d’aller à Opéra en 10 minutes, la place des Vosges est rejointe en 8 minutes à pieds, tout comme Bastille ou République.  Je serais heureux de vous conseiller les meilleurs endroits parisiens et les plus beaux sites à visiter pour votre séjour.  Echange avec les voyageurs des bons plan restaurant, magasin, musée, concert... Le logement, qui vient d’être refait à neuf possède le charme des poutres et tomettes. Il se trouve au troisième étage d’un immeuble parisien traditionn
28128	les 3 atouts ultimes de cet appartement sont: 1) sa cour très calme et fleurie 2) le charme convivial de l'appartement,3) la vie de quartier (on est rue oberkampf, à 10 secondes du café charbon, du nouveau casino, de la place verte, etc)	appartement 3 pièces très calme orienté ouest/ sud-ouest, dans une cour privative calme et fleurie, a 5 secondes du quartier trépidant d'oberkampf avec ses bars et ses nombreux restaurants => location longue durée souhaitée (jusqu'à 3 mois) les 3 atouts ultimes de cet appartement sont: 1) sa cour très calme et fleurie 2) le charme convivial de l'appartement,3) la vie de quartier (on est rue oberkampf, à 10 secondes du café charbon, du nouveau casino, de la place verte, etc) vous aurez un lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, four, place vitro céramique, micro onde, et free wifi, et une baignoire dans la salle de bain ! et un grand bureau dans une pièce séparée. le quartier est vraiment top! les métro sont parmentier et belleville (on n'est pas loin non plus d'oberkampf) 
28129	Un logement calme et douillet, dans un coin très prisé de Paris, idéal pour un séjour en amoureux !	Un logement calme et douillet, dans un coin très prisé de Paris, idéal pour un séjour en amoureux ! Je suis disponible pour échanger et vous donner de bonnes adresses parisiennes ! L'appartement se trouve à deux pas des lignes de métro 1, 2 et 6 et du RER A, place de la Nation.
28130	Nice apartment with 1 double bedroom with a real king size bed (160x200cm). Full use of living room with separate kitchen and modern refursbished bathroom. The kitchen is fully-equipped (oven, induction plate, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, kettle), perfect for cooking. The apartment is calm, it is not on the street side, and is full of light, on the 5th floor. It is a typical parisian flat in a clean 19th century building. 	            Entire home/apt next to Charonne metro station on line 9 and Alexandre Dumas on line 2.  Bus stop down the street. Quiet area, only a stone's throw away from Père Lachaise.                Nice apartment with 1 double bedroom with a real king size bed (160x200cm). Full use of living room with separate kitchen and modern refursbished bathroom. The kitchen is fully-equipped (oven, induction plate, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, kettle), perfect for cooking. The apartment is calm, it is not on the street side, and is full of light, on the 5th floor. It is a typical parisian flat in a clean 19th century building. I live in this apartment but I I will be away when you come and I will help you to settle down. I will give you a map of the area and instructions for machines. Are included : -towels, linens, hair dryer, soap -tea and coffee, cooking spices -wifi internet access I speak fluent English. Do not hesitate to ask me your questions.  Organic supermaket and regular supe
28131	- Spacious 30m² living room, with diner area, corner sofa, computer/Hi-Fi/Beamer, large screen;  - American functional kitchen including oven, dishwasher and washing machine;  - Bathroom including large italian shower;  - Large room with mezzanine (double bed 160*200) and dressing;  - Second small room 'atelier style' (glass wall with blinds) with children bed.  Possibility to add a 2-person raised queen-sized inflatable airbed.	    Welcome to our cosy loft!  Based in a quiet courtyard of a 1930s building, located between Bastille, Nation & Père Lachaise, you'll find direct access to:  - shops, restaurants, bars, cinemas,  - tourist sightseeing,  - transport facilities.    - Spacious 30m² living room, with diner area, corner sofa, computer/Hi-Fi/Beamer, large screen;  - American functional kitchen including oven, dishwasher and washing machine;  - Bathroom including large italian shower;  - Large room with mezzanine (double bed 160*200) and dressing;  - Second small room 'atelier style' (glass wall with blinds) with children bed.  Possibility to add a 2-person raised queen-sized inflatable airbed. 50m from subway station (Ligne 2, stop 'Alexandre Dumas) : direct access to Champs-Elysées (20min), Montmartre (15min), Père Lachaise (5min).  50m from 76 bus station : direct access to Bastille (10min), Chatelet (20min).  Direct subway access to Gare du Nord (15min), 4 subway stops to Gare de Lyon (15min). Direct bu
28132	The apartement is all furnished, close to park and all amenities (bakeries, groceries stores, food market...). Close to touristic sites, 20 minutes from Eiffel Tower by public transportation...	The apartement is all furnished, close to park and all amenities (bakeries, groceries stores, food market...). Close to touristic sites by public transportation (line 9) : Père Lachaise Cementery, Paris Highline, Eiffel tower... The apartement is all furnished, close to park and all amenities (bakeries, groceries stores, food market...). Close to touristic sites, 20 minutes from Eiffel Tower by public transportation... I'll give you advice to make sure your stay in Paris will be full of great souvenirs ! (Restaurants, bars, unusual places...) Acces from Metro Line 1, 8 and 9 Bus 46 from gare de l'est 10 min walking to get the RER A direction Disneyland
28133	Confortable Bed. Nice Wood desk and an upright piano. Coach/ Extra bed. All room has window. Nice and useful kitchen. Very warm and well decorated. 	Charming flat of 35 m2 in front of subway Alexandre Dumas and at the beginning of Charonne street. Confortable Bed. Nice Wood desk and an upright piano. Coach/ Extra bed. All room has window. Nice and useful kitchen. Very warm and well decorated.  Internet / Wifi TV with Freebox Kitchen furnished ( tea/coffee/Hoven..) A nice Piano Baldwin and a Guitar Dobro CD and MP3 player RADIO Vintage SOME French and English BOOKS AND CDS COLLECTIONS EMAIL TELEPHONE EXCHANGE ABOUT THE AREA AND THINGS TO DO IN PARIS. WILL BE HERE IF ANY NEEDS THE GREAT CHARONNE MARKET, Every Wednesday and Saturday morning. A nice ballad in Pere Lachaise and in the Charonne Area which is full of Trendy bars and restaurants. Walkin distance from Bastille, Nation. Subway Alexandre Dumas ( Ligne 2 ) Subway Charonne ( Ligne 9 ) 10 min walk Bus 76 ( 10 min from Bastille ) 15 min walk from Nation  
28134	BUILDING The building is typically Parisian, this is a secure building which dates from the late nineteenth century. It is very well maintained. The street is pedestrianized and full of charm. THE FLAT Located on the 3rd floor, this loft has been converted with great taste. The high ceilings make it spacious and full of light. - Kitchen: piano, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat: dishes, pots, cups, glasses. - Living room with a corner sofa. - Bathroom with bath and WC. - Bedroom with real bed 2 people, very quiet. - Upstairs sleeping area for 2 people SERVICES AND FACILITIES An efficient heating system ensures a steady and comfortable temperature in the apartment. Wireless Internet via wifi is included. 	Apartement 90 m² for 4 people, spacious and quiet with lots of light 5 minutes from the Place de la Bastille and the Marais. BUILDING The building is typically Parisian, this is a secure building which dates from the late nineteenth century. It is very well maintained. The street is pedestrianized and full of charm. THE FLAT Located on the 3rd floor, this loft has been converted with great taste. The high ceilings make it spacious and full of light. - Kitchen: piano, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat: dishes, pots, cups, glasses. - Living room with a corner sofa. - Bathroom with bath and WC. - Bedroom with real bed 2 people, very quiet. - Upstairs sleeping area for 2 people SERVICES AND FACILITIES An efficient heating system ensures a steady and comfortable temperature in the apartment. Wireless Internet via wifi is included. A short walk from Bastille and the Marais DISTRICT The accommodation is situated in the 11th arrondissement near the Place de Bastille. This is a ver
28135		Located in a charming street well known for its famous restaurants all around, this 47 meters sq appartment is warm, homely, and totally equiped. Just don't look for a big bathroom, it's only a shower :) Perfect place to enjoy your stay in Paris.  
28136		A louer appartement 20m2, Avenue Parmentier, dans le XI ème arrondissement de Paris.  Lit double, coin cuisine, salle de bain. Proche commerce et métro Saint-Ambroise.  10 minutes à pieds de Bastille. 50 euros/nuit. Quartier très agréable, proche Bastille et Saint Paul
28137	Cet appartement est un réel havre de paix situé à deux pas de la place de la Bastille. Vous trouverez tout le calme et la sérénité nécessaires pour profiter pleinement de vos vacances parisiennes. Situé idéalement au coeur du 11ème arrondissement, cet appartement plein de charme est situé dans une rue calme et tranquille loin de la cohue du quartier de la Bastille.  This appartment is a real haven of peace located two steps away from Bastille. You will find the calm and serenity you need to fully enjoy your holiday in Paris. Ideally located of the heart of the 11th district, this charming appartment is located in a quiet street. Perfect to have a rest after a long day outside.	Cet appartement est un réel havre de paix situé à deux pas de la place de la Bastille. Cet appartement est un réel havre de paix situé à deux pas de la place de la Bastille. Vous trouverez tout le calme et la sérénité nécessaires pour profiter pleinement de vos vacances parisiennes. Situé idéalement au coeur du 11ème arrondissement, cet appartement plein de charme est situé dans une rue calme et tranquille loin de la cohue du quartier de la Bastille.  This appartment is a real haven of peace located two steps away from Bastille. You will find the calm and serenity you need to fully enjoy your holiday in Paris. Ideally located of the heart of the 11th district, this charming appartment is located in a quiet street. Perfect to have a rest after a long day outside. Le logement est entièrement équipé: - Un vrai lit double confortable (les draps vous sont fournis) - TV écran plat - Accès au wifi  - Salle de bains tout confort (sèche cheveux, serviettes de bain, fer à repasser...) - Cuisine 
28138	This 120 m2 (1300 P2) is located just behind the Bastille Opera, in one of the most trendy and shopping street of the district. He is on the 8th stage of the building with lift, that offers an outstanding view on all Paris (Eiffel tower, Sacré Coeur hill, Modern Art Center and all the city…). He is very lightfull with direct sunshine on the terrace and the main bedroom all day long. The loft is equipped with :  -2  separate bathrooms and 2 separate toilets -2 bedrooms The main bedroom (40m2), in a design art style, is composed with a Kingsize bed, a jacuzzy bath, a double vanity tops, a separate toilets, and a big dressing, and a desk. The second room, very quiet, is composed with a queen bed, a dressing. The living room, very spacious (60m2) on a great bay-window, offers a big vintage sofa, a large flatscreen with cable channels, a fully equipped central kitchen with nespresso coffee machine, oven, fridge, microwave, dish washer, washing machine, speakers, mobile air conditioning (on 	Central district, 120 m2  design loft, all equiped, oustanding view 8 floor with lift, Nearby le Marais, Bastille, Seine river, and many historical and typical places of interest.  This 120 m2 (1300 P2) is located just behind the Bastille Opera, in one of the most trendy and shopping street of the district. He is on the 8th stage of the building with lift, that offers an outstanding view on all Paris (Eiffel tower, Sacré Coeur hill, Modern Art Center and all the city…). He is very lightfull with direct sunshine on the terrace and the main bedroom all day long. The loft is equipped with :  -2  separate bathrooms and 2 separate toilets -2 bedrooms The main bedroom (40m2), in a design art style, is composed with a Kingsize bed, a jacuzzy bath, a double vanity tops, a separate toilets, and a big dressing, and a desk. The second room, very quiet, is composed with a queen bed, a dressing. The living room, very spacious (60m2) on a great bay-window, offers a big vintage sofa, a large flatscre
28139	Bright flat with 2 calm bedrooms on the 6th floor. Close to the tube Goncourt and Republique (centre of Paris). Living room and kitchen are with a balcony. There is a bath and separated toilets.	"Bright, charming and typically Parisian 2 bedrooms apartment with lovely a balcony on the 6th floor. Close to tube Goncourt and République (center of Paris). Convertible sofa in the living room, bathroom and separate toilets. Bright flat with 2 calm bedrooms on the 6th floor. Close to the tube Goncourt and Republique (centre of Paris). Living room and kitchen are with a balcony. There is a bath and separated toilets. You have access to the whole flat. Great atmosphere and very lively neighborhood, in the heart of Paris!  5mn walking from ""Republique"" and the ""canal saint martin"". 20mn walking from ""le marais"". 15mn walking from the ""buttes chaumont"" parc. We have many tips about places to go around the flat to give you if you wish ;) Metro Goncourt (or Republique and Belleville 5/10mn walking) Bus Velib (parisian bikes to rent) "
28140	Hello! I'm renting my lovely 1 bedroom apartment (50 sqm), ideally located in a trendy / hipsterish Paris neighborhood. - 1 minute walk from the metro Charonne (line 9)  - on the same block: 2 bakeries, one cheese shop, greengrocer, farmer's market, and a butcher right in front (sorry about that vegetarians ) - 15 minutes walk from the Bastille -> it's a large apartment with 2 rooms on the 2nd floor  - a big fully equipped kitchen and a large living room  - a smaller bedroom with a queen size bed  - 1 bathroom  - lots of light - charming interior patio  Contact me if you're interested or would like to know more ! I'll be glad to tell you more about my home town 	Great apartment in one of the coolest streets in Paris. Awesome trendy Shops, bars, gourmet shops, etc... A large, fully equipped, 1 bedroom flat, with a big living room that already hosted numerous globe trotters ! Hello! I'm renting my lovely 1 bedroom apartment (50 sqm), ideally located in a trendy / hipsterish Paris neighborhood. - 1 minute walk from the metro Charonne (line 9)  - on the same block: 2 bakeries, one cheese shop, greengrocer, farmer's market, and a butcher right in front (sorry about that vegetarians ) - 15 minutes walk from the Bastille -> it's a large apartment with 2 rooms on the 2nd floor  - a big fully equipped kitchen and a large living room  - a smaller bedroom with a queen size bed  - 1 bathroom  - lots of light - charming interior patio  Contact me if you're interested or would like to know more ! I'll be glad to tell you more about my home town - fully equipped kitchen (micro waves oven, washing-machine, dish washer) - hair dryer - Wifi  - TV  - My DVD coll
28141	Nice flat with high ceiling, light and cosy with wooden floor and typical Parisian fireplace in two rooms. Mezzanine beds. The wall were painted recently.	Typical Parisian flat, cosy and clear. Close to many different metro and bus lines. 10 minutes walk from République plaza. Good area with many fine bars and restaurants. Close to the Canal St Martin. Nice flat with high ceiling, light and cosy with wooden floor and typical Parisian fireplace in two rooms. Mezzanine beds. The wall were painted recently. Wifi internet in the entire flat. What I like about my neighborhood: walking by the Canal St Martin, the many fine wine bars that offer delicatessen food and degustation, the jam session free jazz in the bar next door, the free concerts in that other bar nearby, the many transports that make easy to get to the rest of the city, that get in 15 minutes to the center of Paris, the Belleville parc that overview the whole city ( many pic-nic there), the Père Lachaise cemetery (5min. by metro, 15min. walking), the many different nationality restaurant with food from around the world, the small shops ( clothes, books...) ... Nearest metro stati
28142		Deux pièces bien situées dans le 11ème:métro, bus,  petits commerces typiques, restos ... proches de  Bastille.Clair, très calme,à la vue agréable et dégagée,dans un immeuble ancien, il peut accueillir un couple et deux  enfants.
28143	Appartement chaleureux de 60m² dans le centre de Paris, à 10min à pied de la place de la Bastille. Situé au 4ème étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien sans ascenseur, il est calme car donnant sur la cour. L'entrée est sécurisée par un digicode et un interphone.  L'appartement est idéal pour les couples avec bébé et se compose d'une entrée, d'un salon, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, et de 2 chambres. La cuisine est entièrement équipée: lave-vaisselle, lave linge, four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, congélateur, percolateur, blender, babycook, radiateur sèche serviette. La première chambre possède un lit double. La deuxième chambre se compose d'un lit bébé, d'un espace à langer et d'un canapé-lit pouvant accueillir un enfant plus âgé. La salle de bain comporte un wc, un lavabo, des rangements, une baignoire adulte et une baignoire bébé. Le salon est équipé d'une TV avec des chaînes internationales, internet en wifi, une table basse qui devient table haute en un clin d	Appartement chaleureux de 60m² dans le centre de Paris, à 10min à pied de la place de la Bastille. Situé au 4ème étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien sans ascenseur, il est calme car donnant sur la cour. L'entrée est sécurisée par un digicode et un interphone.  L'appartement est idéal pour les couples avec bébé et se compose d'une entrée, d'un salon, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, et de 2 chambres. La cuisine est entièrement équipée: lave-vaisselle, lave linge, four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, congélateur, percolateur, blender, babycook, radiateur sèche serviette. La première chambre possède un lit double. La deuxième chambre se compose d'un lit bébé, d'un espace à langer et d'un canapé-lit pouvant accueillir un enfant plus âgé. La salle de bain comporte un wc, un lavabo, des rangements, une baignoire adulte et une baignoire bébé. Le salon est équipé d'une TV avec des chaînes internationales, internet en wifi, une table basse qui devient table haute en un clin d
28144		Grand studio calme et lumineux, en plein coeur du 11ème dans un quartier très vivant. Tous commerces à proximité, 10 min de la Place de la République Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur.  Grande pièce principale avec cuisine. Salle de bain avec baignoire.
28145	You will find this nice, decorated and calm flat in a building dating from 1900 onwards. It is composed of a main room, a bathroom and a separate kitchen. The main room is decorated with modern furniture and a whithen oak-tree parquet floor. Besides you will find a very comfortable sofa bed  and a television as well. In the bathroom there are toilets and a large open shower. The kitchen is entirely well equiped : there is a drying washing machine, an induction plate, an oven, a microwave oven and a Nespresso cafetiere. The flat was completely renovated, it is bright thanks to its orientations (street and backyard). The neighborhood (Charonne) is  very lively, as a matter of fact  you will find a lot of restaurants, bars, shops, art galleries…You are at 7 minute walk from Bastille, 15 from le Marais and 5 from le Père Lachaise. A large choice of transports will allow you to move easily. 	Nice flat at the heart of Charonne area in the triangle Nation-Bastille-Republique, and 15 minute walk from le Marais You will find this nice, decorated and calm flat in a building dating from 1900 onwards. It is composed of a main room, a bathroom and a separate kitchen. The main room is decorated with modern furniture and a whithen oak-tree parquet floor. Besides you will find a very comfortable sofa bed  and a television as well. In the bathroom there are toilets and a large open shower. The kitchen is entirely well equiped : there is a drying washing machine, an induction plate, an oven, a microwave oven and a Nespresso cafetiere. The flat was completely renovated, it is bright thanks to its orientations (street and backyard). The neighborhood (Charonne) is  very lively, as a matter of fact  you will find a lot of restaurants, bars, shops, art galleries…You are at 7 minute walk from Bastille, 15 from le Marais and 5 from le Père Lachaise. A large choice of transports will allow you
28146	Quiet street 2 steps from the subway. Large living room with 1 sofa + 1 convertible sofa (double bed) open on  a small and sunny balcony. 1 bedroom with 1 double bed , on a quiet courtyard . Separate fitted kitchen (fridge , microwave , oven, washing machine, Nespresso coffee maker, dishes ) . Bathroom ( with bath ) - WC . Wi- fi , TV , DVD player.	"Quiet street 2 steps from the subway. Large living room with 1 sofa + 1 convertible sofa (double bed) open on  a small and sunny balcony. 1 bedroom with 1 double bed , on a quiet courtyard . Separate fitted kitchen (fridge , microwave , oven, washing machine, Nespresso coffee maker, dishes ) . Bathroom ( with bath ) - WC . Wi- fi , TV , DVD player. Travelers have access to the whole apartment . I receive travelers (wherever possible) and remain available on Paris if needed ( I leave the apartment). In the heart of Paris . 10 minutes walk from Bastille or Pere Lachaise , 20 minutes from the ""Marais"". All shops are close to the apartment ( bakers, butchers , fishmongers , supermarkets, wine bar , pubs , restaurants ...) . Voltaire Metro (line 9) 2 minutes from the apartment Many bus lines  :  Place Léon Blum - Voltaire station. Auto'lib and Vélib station. 15 minutes bus N°61 from Gare de Lyon. The lift is very narrow."
28147	A nice apartment of 50m2, a  bedroom and a comfortable ans spacious lounge with a sofa bed  where you will be sleeping, a kitchen where you take your breakfast. Well equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine) Everything you need (TV, DVD, bed linen, towels) wi fi internet, telephone (free calls to more than 80 countries , free calls to all fixed and mobile in France) Excellent localization, the nearest metro is  Faidherbe Chaligny (4 min walking from your home), many buses and night buses as well. 10 min walk from the Place de la bastille.Supers bars, restaurants, nightclubs, just steps away from you. 4 supermarkets and all kind of parisien shops. For those who like walking, you can see a lot of Paris by walk from here. Ideal for young people who want to enjoy Paris by day but also Paris by night. On the same street you have a pleasant park and a cosy and nice irish pub just on around the corner. A french/brazilian breakfast can be served with a add of 5 euros per person.	Bastille! From its picturesque promenades to its late-night lounges, Bastille represents Parisian éclat.  A nice apartment of 50m2, a  bedroom and a comfortable ans spacious lounge with a sofa bed  where you will be sleeping, a kitchen where you take your breakfast. Well equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine) Everything you need (TV, DVD, bed linen, towels) wi fi internet, telephone (free calls to more than 80 countries , free calls to all fixed and mobile in France) Excellent localization, the nearest metro is  Faidherbe Chaligny (4 min walking from your home), many buses and night buses as well. 10 min walk from the Place de la bastille.Supers bars, restaurants, nightclubs, just steps away from you. 4 supermarkets and all kind of parisien shops. For those who like walking, you can see a lot of Paris by walk from here. Ideal for young people who want to enjoy Paris by day but also Paris by night. On the same street you have a pleasant park and a cosy and nice irish pub ju
28148	25m2 dont une pièce de vie spacieuse et complétée par une salle de bain, une cuisine et un petit couloir d'entrée bien délimités par des pièces disctinctes. Studio sur cour au calme, pas de nuisances venant de la rue. 	25m2 dont une pièce de vie spacieuse et complétée par une salle de bain, une cuisine et un petit couloir d'entrée bien délimités par des pièces disctinctes. Studio sur cour au calme, pas de nuisances venant de la rue. Vie de quartier animée par des boulangeries, supermarchés,... métro voltaire ligne 9, ledru rollin ligne 8, bastille ligne 5, 1 et 8. ligne de bus directe pour la gare de lyon(10 min de bus)
28149		Studio tout confort Paris intra-muros Situé au pied du métro Alexandre Dumas (ligne 2) au quatrième étage d'un immeuble refait à neuf. (pas d'ascenseur) Kitchenette 2 plaques électriques, un évier. Salle de bain avec douche, toilettes non séparés Pas de TV Code wifi internet illimité A cheval entre le 11 et le 20 les commerce de proximités sont très sympas beaucoup de bonne adresse pour boire un verre ou manger Métro 2 Alexandre Dumas, Bus 76 arret charonne, à 15 min de Chatelet et 5 min de nation  Location de juin à septembre 2015 à la nuit (45€), à la  semaine ( 310€) ou au mois ( 1100 €), 
28150	Appartement de 50 m2 pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, douillet et design. A 100 mètres du métro, en plein coeur du 11ème, quartier plein de vie et très sur. Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, sa machine à laver, son accès wifi illimité, et de sa proximité avec tous les commerces.	Nous louons notre appartement pendant nos vacances.  Il est très confortable, c'est un 3 pièces avec une vrai cuisine. Une des chambre est équipée d'un lit double et l'autre d'un canapé convertible. Appartement de 50 m2 pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, douillet et design. A 100 mètres du métro, en plein coeur du 11ème, quartier plein de vie et très sur. Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, sa machine à laver, son accès wifi illimité, et de sa proximité avec tous les commerces. appartement accessible dans sa totalité. 3 eme étage, sans ascenceur Quartier très convivial , nombreux restaurant, proche des meilleures patisseries et boulangeries de Paris ! A deux pas de Bastille et du centre de Paris. ligne 9 - ligne 8 - ligne 1  faidherbe chaligny : 50m rue des boulets : 200 m reuilly diderot : 200 m
28151	Warm-hearted flat for 4 persons in the enlivened quarter d 'Oberkampf.  10 minutes on foot from the Marsh and from Bastille, very central.  3 lines of subway in mins of 5 minutes with feet.  Trade, restaurants and bars at the bottom of l 'appartement. Equipped flat d 'un TV, of WIfi, equipped kitchen, washes linen, bathroom, TOILET separated.  I shall give you all good plans of the quarter!!  A room with double bed and a sofa bed 2 places in the very comfortable living room.  very clear and bright with balcony!!  Don't hesitate to ask me more questions,  I would answer with pleasure!!  Diana	Bright and warm apartment very well situated in the livin district on Oberkampf, 10 minutes of Le Marais.  2 parts spacious, beautiful chamber, 4 real sleepings beds, bathroom, given linen, big balcony, quite equipped American kitchen Warm-hearted flat for 4 persons in the enlivened quarter d 'Oberkampf.  10 minutes on foot from the Marsh and from Bastille, very central.  3 lines of subway in mins of 5 minutes with feet.  Trade, restaurants and bars at the bottom of l 'appartement. Equipped flat d 'un TV, of WIfi, equipped kitchen, washes linen, bathroom, TOILET separated.  I shall give you all good plans of the quarter!!  A room with double bed and a sofa bed 2 places in the very comfortable living room.  very clear and bright with balcony!!  Don't hesitate to ask me more questions,  I would answer with pleasure!!  Diana
28152	Hello everybody, The 11th area has been elected best hood for a parisian lifestyle experience. I am renting my 1 bedroom apartment in which I am living since 4 years now. Close to many subways and shop :) Enjoy the city like a local parisian, while staying in one of the most authentic and vibrant neighbourhoods in Paris. The flat is located at the heart of the trendy 11th district and a few steps away from Place de la Nation, art galleries, local bistros, restaurants and places to going out.  It is close to transportation: metro is just a few minutes away and it can quickly take you to main tourist attractions: L'Opéra, Eiffel tower,Montmartre and Champs Elysées (direct metro line). The flat is luminous, calm, fully furnished and it is completely equipped (WI-FI, bedlinen, towels, washing machine, dishwasher, heater, and there's everything in the kitchen to cook your own home made meals, while enjoying a tasty local wine. It can accomodate up to 4 people (a double bed in a separate bed	Hello everybody, The 11th area has been elected best hood for a parisian lifestyle experience. I am renting my 1 bedroom apartment in which I am living since 4 years now. Close to many subways and shop :) Enjoy the city like a local parisian, while staying in one of the most authentic and vibrant neighbourhoods in Paris. The flat is located at the heart of the trendy 11th district and a few steps away from Place de la Nation, art galleries, local bistros, restaurants and places to going out.  It is close to transportation: metro is just a few minutes away and it can quickly take you to main tourist attractions: L'Opéra, Eiffel tower,Montmartre and Champs Elysées (direct metro line). The flat is luminous, calm, fully furnished and it is completely equipped (WI-FI, bedlinen, towels, washing machine, dishwasher, heater, and there's everything in the kitchen to cook your own home made meals, while enjoying a tasty local wine. It can accomodate up to 4 people (a double bed in a separate bed
28153	We propose for rent our unusual and spacious, apartment in the Eastern part of Paris. Our welcoming and bright flat, full of character, is organised on 3 levels and located on the third and last floor (without elevator) of a middle-sized building. This is where we live:  a very personable, lived-in space, full of memories, books and toys. We, or a family member, will manage to be there to welcome our guests at their arrival at our flat. We will be reachable by phone to answer questions, but we will leave you alone to enjoy your vacations. We love our neighborhood. You will find everything you need right around the corner: nice street markets, small food shops, small or bigger public gardens, restaurants. Access to nice places to go out (Belleville, Père Lachaise, Bastille, Bercy), as well as to the largest Parisian park, the Bois de Vincennes, is very convenient and fast. 4 subway lines, 1 RER, 4 buses lines and many velib stations (shared city bikes) nearby.	We are a family of 4 members leaving in an unsual spacy apartment in the Eastern part of Paris. Our flat is silent and very lightly on the last floor of a modest building. Very well served by 4 subway lines and various buses. We propose for rent our unusual and spacious, apartment in the Eastern part of Paris. Our welcoming and bright flat, full of character, is organised on 3 levels and located on the third and last floor (without elevator) of a middle-sized building. This is where we live:  a very personable, lived-in space, full of memories, books and toys. We, or a family member, will manage to be there to welcome our guests at their arrival at our flat. We will be reachable by phone to answer questions, but we will leave you alone to enjoy your vacations. We love our neighborhood. You will find everything you need right around the corner: nice street markets, small food shops, small or bigger public gardens, restaurants. Access to nice places to go out (Belleville, Père Lachaise, 
28154	PARISIAN TYPICAL apartment in the peace on court with elevator. - With 1 room for 2 persons with arrangements - Lounge with TV INTERNATIONAL, DVD, INTERNET. - Bathroom with bathtub ( inclusive towels) - Fully-equipped kitchen (wash dishes, oven, microwave, refrigerator) - TOILETS separated, washing machine. At the foot of the METRO CHARONNE line 9 - > direct access Champs-Elysées. Businesses with closenesses (bakeries, supermarkets, bars, restaurants)	PARISIAN TYPICAL apartment in the peace on court with ascenseur.-with 1 room for 2 people with arrangements PARISIAN TYPICAL apartment in the peace on court with elevator. - With 1 room for 2 persons with arrangements - Lounge with TV INTERNATIONAL, DVD, INTERNET. - Bathroom with bathtub ( inclusive towels) - Fully-equipped kitchen (wash dishes, oven, microwave, refrigerator) - TOILETS separated, washing machine. At the foot of the METRO CHARONNE line 9 - > direct access Champs-Elysées. Businesses with closenesses (bakeries, supermarkets, bars, restaurants) It is a living district, where there is the real life of district with bakeries, butcher's shops, atypical restaurants, no need to cross all Paris. My apartment is situated quoted court with a view of trees without face to face and is  very quiet. The bus and the subway are in feet of my door of building. AIRPORT ROISSY CDG - Take the taxi 50€ (35 minutes) - Take the RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) B until GARE DU NORDtake the line 5 
28155		Appartement dans le 11ieme avec cuisine tout équipée, desservi par plusieurs lignes de métro et proche du centre de Paris. Quartier très sympa et vivant avec beaucoup de bars/restaurants/commerces. En métro : ligne 5 richard lenoir                    Ligne 9 saint ambroise                    Ligne 3 saint maur                    Ligne 2 Ménilmontant
28156	Détails couchages : 1 lit double + 1 lit gonflable (2 places)	2 pieces de 40m2 fonctionnel, lumineux, au calme (sur cour) au centre de Paris. Proche : Marais, République, Bastille, Canal. Quartier Oberkampf typique parisien : Bars, grand marché, commerces. Détails couchages : 1 lit double + 1 lit gonflable (2 places) cuisine, TV, internet, machine à laver. Egalement à proximité de :  République (7 mn) de Bastille (15mn) et du Marais (15mn) L'appartement est situé dans le quartier d'Oberkampf, réputé pour ses bars sympas. Grand marché sur le Boulevard Richard Lenoir (3 fois/sem) : dimanche (jusqu'à 14h), mardi matin, jeudi matin et vendredi matin. Plusieurs ligne de métro déservant très bien Paris : L9 (station St Ambroise) 2mn L5 (station Oberkampf ou Richard Lenoir) 5mn L8 (station ST Sébastien Froissard) 10mn L3 (station République ou Parmentier) 10mn 2 stations de Vélib à moins de 2mn 2 stations d'Autolib à moins de 2mn Nous prêtons les draps mais pas les serviettes de bain.
28157		Avec salon, chambre, cuisine, salle de bain. À proximité des métros Nation et Rue des Boulets. Situé au 2ème étage dans une rue calme. Peut accueillir 2 personnes.
28158	Very peaceful and charming duplex (60 m2) recently renovated by an architect in an 18th century house facing a private garden. The flat, located on the second floor (third floor for Americans), is very quiet and light, with 4 large windows facing a beautiful roof garden belonging to the flat's owner. You will feel like in a real house: oak floor, ancient beams on the ceiling, slate floor in bathroom and toilets. Quality furniture, personal contemporary decoration.  There is view to the garden through 4 large windows in the living room and one in the bedroom. You will hear the birds sing in the bamboo forest!	Very peaceful and charming 60 m2 duplex recently renovated in an 18th century house facing a private garden. The neighborhood is typically parisian but not touristy. The flat is very well connected with public transport. Very peaceful and charming duplex (60 m2) recently renovated by an architect in an 18th century house facing a private garden. The flat, located on the second floor (third floor for Americans), is very quiet and light, with 4 large windows facing a beautiful roof garden belonging to the flat's owner. You will feel like in a real house: oak floor, ancient beams on the ceiling, slate floor in bathroom and toilets. Quality furniture, personal contemporary decoration.  There is view to the garden through 4 large windows in the living room and one in the bedroom. You will hear the birds sing in the bamboo forest! You have access to the whole duplex, but not to the roof garden. You can give free phone calls to the States, Australia and Europe (but not to mobile phones). You 
28159	Appartement lumineux et calme donnant sur une impasse, à l'angle du Bd Voltaire et de la rue des Boulets. Une chambre avec lit double et bibliothèque Un salon qui permet d'accueillir 3 personnes supplémentaires (un canapé lit simple 90 et un petit double 125) , soit 5 en tout Chauffage central, cuisine bien équipée, Sdb avec douche, lave-linge et sèche-linge et WC, télé, lecteur DVD, internet et téléphone par 9box. 	"        Près Nation, un bel appart, au 5ème ét avec asc, plein sud, chbre avec lit double, salon avec 2 canapé-lits (1 p. et 2 p), télé, internet, sdb avec WC, cuisine dinatoire bien équipée, dressing, bibliothèque. Commerces, métro et bus au pied       Appartement lumineux et calme donnant sur une impasse, à l'angle du Bd Voltaire et de la rue des Boulets. Une chambre avec lit double et bibliothèque Un salon qui permet d'accueillir 3 personnes supplémentaires (un canapé lit simple 90 et un petit double 125) , soit 5 en tout Chauffage central, cuisine bien équipée, Sdb avec douche, lave-linge et sèche-linge et WC, télé, lecteur DVD, internet et téléphone par 9box. Métro ""rue des Boulets"" (ligne 9) et autobus 56 au pied. Quartier très vivant, tous commerces, artisans, restaurants... M° ""rue des Boulets"" (ligne 9) au pied ainsi que bus 56. La station Nation (à 5' à pied; c'est la station qui suit ""rue des Boulets"" sur la 9) donne en outre accès aux lignes 1, 2 et 6 ainsi qu'au RER A (1 s"
28160	Our apartment is located on Boulevard Beaumarchais in Bastille, it's just accross the road from Place des Vosges and Marais (2 minutes walk). It is very well located, central and excellent tranport links.  The nearest metro stations are Bastille, Chemin Vert and/or Breguet Sabin.  Velib (bicycles) and bus station downstairs.  Located in an old Parisian building on 6th and top floor with lift. Approx. 60 square meter.  Entrance, living room with open kitchen, separate bathroom and separate bedroom with large double bed.  There is Internet/ Wifi in the apartment.  There are many velux, windows; the apartment is filled with light. The views are really cute over parisian rooftop. The living room has a sofa and many other furniture, you can use our sono to plug in some music.  The kitchen is fully equiped; fridge, freeze, double sink, gaz cooker, oven, dishwasher, microwave, toaster, kettle, nespresso coffee machine, washing machine ect....  The bathroom has with toilets, sink and bathtub w	Our apartment is located on The Marais, it's just accross the road from Place des Vosges (2 minutes walk). It is very well located, central, safe and excellent tranport links.  Our apartment is located on Boulevard Beaumarchais in Bastille, it's just accross the road from Place des Vosges and Marais (2 minutes walk). It is very well located, central and excellent tranport links.  The nearest metro stations are Bastille, Chemin Vert and/or Breguet Sabin.  Velib (bicycles) and bus station downstairs.  Located in an old Parisian building on 6th and top floor with lift. Approx. 60 square meter.  Entrance, living room with open kitchen, separate bathroom and separate bedroom with large double bed.  There is Internet/ Wifi in the apartment.  There are many velux, windows; the apartment is filled with light. The views are really cute over parisian rooftop. The living room has a sofa and many other furniture, you can use our sono to plug in some music.  The kitchen is fully equiped; fridge, fr
28161	Belle  déco épurée et moderne.	Appartement calme lumineux parfaitement situé dans le 11e proche à oberkampf de toutes commodités, magasins, restaurants,  bars et des métros ménilmontant et St maur. Proche du marais, de république, pere lachaise, nation. Idéal pour 2 pers. Belle  déco épurée et moderne. Metro st maur et menilmontant  Bus 96 Appartement libre durant le séjour Cimetière père  lachaise, place repu, buttes chaumont proche metro, bus RER
28162	Make yourself comfortable on my comfy yellow couch and recently renovated home!	"You will find the comfort you need in this cozy apartment in the 11th district of the capital. Characterized as hip and young, the neighborhood is lined with new cafés, bars, restaurants and in walking distance of Bastille and Marais. Make yourself comfortable on my comfy yellow couch and recently renovated home! Wifi, tv, washing machine, fridge, and breakfast food (coffee, tea, and cereal) I try to welcome guests personally, or arrange for my sister to do so. Please let me know at what time you will arrive and leave the apartment in your request. We can accept late arrivals until 9pm. The East of Paris is the most lively, young, and pretty much ""hipster"" area of the city. It's ideal for trying a cute wine bar or going to a low key club to experience the nightlife. Paris tourism can be a bit overwhelming, so here you can hang out in a cool neighborhood with shops and everything else to get a real feel of local lifestyle. Tips of places to go : Oberkampf street, Canal St Martin, Faubou"
28163		Très jolie studio situé au calme et ensoleillé. Composé d'une mezzanine pouvant accueillir 2 personnes dans un vrai lit 2 places. Un canapé lit 2 personnes, une salle de bain avec baignoire et WC; kitchenette; TV espace repas et internet WIFI.
28164	Très bien situé à 15 minutes de la Bastille à Pied et 3 stations en métro Un coin très agréable de Paris ou l'on trouve de très bons restaurants et Bars pour passer un bon moment	Petit appartement de 38 M3 entièrement refait à neuf à proximité de tout à pied et surtout au calme. Sur cours, très lumineux et entièrement équipé.  Station de métro en bas de l'appartement. Très bien situé à 15 minutes de la Bastille à Pied et 3 stations en métro Un coin très agréable de Paris ou l'on trouve de très bons restaurants et Bars pour passer un bon moment accès à tout l'appartement entièrement équipé Nous pouvons échanger par mail pour partager les bonnes adresses du coin et les choses sympa à visiter. En fonction de votre arrivée, je peux éventuellement être présente.  Un des quartiers les plus animés de Paris ou les bonnes adresses sont nombreuses. Le 11 avec Oberkampf, la rue de Lape, la Bastille et leurs divers bars, les théâtres et boutiques de créateurs n'aura plus de secret pour vous.  Le Marrais et ses belles rues ne sont qu'à quelques stations de métro. Connexion directe pour le Trocadéro.  Vincennes et son lac pour une après midi ensoleillée.  Je pourrais vous en
28165		Appartement à 2 pas du métro Nation, calme clair et lumineux. Central, il vous permet un accès aisé idéal pour un séjour parisien !
28166	Great volumes for this very peaceful and shinny place.	On the 3rd (no lift) : living-room, bedroom and bathroom, on the 4th floor, open space kitchen and dining room + access to the terrace + 2nd bathroom. Possible to add children mattress in the bedroom on demand. Peaceful and shinny ! Great volumes for this very peaceful and shinny place. Full access to the living room, the dining room, the kitchen, the terrace, one bedroom and one bathroom. One of the trendiest neighborhood in Paris. Many bistros, quality food stores, bars and restaurants. Great nightlife as well but the flat remains quiet. Metro line 2 (Rue Saint-Maur station) and line 3 (Ménilmontant station) and bus 96.
28167	You will love this superb Parisian apartment in the heart of Paris, In the Nation neighbourhood. Stunning views over Place de la Nation with a balcony ,where you can have breakfast or enjoy having a drink in the sun if you are lucky with the weather  Ideal location 1 minute away from the central Nation metro station. Fully equiped kitchen with a refrigerator/freezer, washing-machine, electric oven, microwave, electric kettle, toaster and coffee machine. Other ammenities include an HD TV with international channels available, Wi-Fi, towels and bed linens.  Located in the Voltaire  boulevard and just a few steps away from Cinema, cafés, markets, bakeries & great restaurants.  Metro:  - NATION on line 1 on line 9 on line 6 on line 2 -RER A (to get Disneyland Paris) By the Metro it takes 10 minutes to get to Chatelet  (6 stations) 20 minutes to get to Champs Elysées (15 stations) 4 stations to get Bastille VELIB':  -Rent a bike and return it whenever and wherever. Many Velib' stations clos	2 rooms with balcony on 5th floor with lift, in the heart of Paris, Métro Nation. Totally renovated, Fully equiped kitchen. South West facin. Close to métro, line 1, 9, 6, 2. RER A, numerous bus lines, Vélib. You will love this superb Parisian apartment in the heart of Paris, In the Nation neighbourhood. Stunning views over Place de la Nation with a balcony ,where you can have breakfast or enjoy having a drink in the sun if you are lucky with the weather  Ideal location 1 minute away from the central Nation metro station. Fully equiped kitchen with a refrigerator/freezer, washing-machine, electric oven, microwave, electric kettle, toaster and coffee machine. Other ammenities include an HD TV with international channels available, Wi-Fi, towels and bed linens.  Located in the Voltaire  boulevard and just a few steps away from Cinema, cafés, markets, bakeries & great restaurants.  Metro:  - NATION on line 1 on line 9 on line 6 on line 2 -RER A (to get Disneyland Paris) By the Metro it ta
28168	Comfortable studio 16m2 renovated with kitchen and bathroom (toilet and shower), on court, in a quiet, top floor by elevator. Stunning views over the rooftops and monuments of Paris.  The bed is a sofa bed, plus a comfortable mattress, soft and fluffy, it allows a better sleep.	In the center of Paris, close to the Marais and Canal Saint Martin, charming studio, quiet on the top floor with lift, view over the rooftops of Paris.     Comfortable studio 16m2 renovated with kitchen and bathroom (toilet and shower), on court, in a quiet, top floor by elevator. Stunning views over the rooftops and monuments of Paris.  The bed is a sofa bed, plus a comfortable mattress, soft and fluffy, it allows a better sleep. Lift The apartment is fully for the guest with its independante entrance, kitchen and bathroom with toilet. The studio is located on 3 greats neighborhoods:  200 meters from the Marais district with its very typical architecture, chic stores and restaurants.  Oberkampf and lively and animated with its many restaurants and 10 minutes walk to take out a drink. Canal Saint Martin with the lovelies loft and the Seine with bridges. Very secure area ! Well served by public transport including several subway lines nearby (3, 5, 8, 9, 11, ...), bus and Velib stations
28169	Studio chaleureux, tout équipé, idéal pour un couple souhaitant découvrir Paris et ses environs.	Charmant studio de 22 m² idéalement situé au rez-de-chaussé d'un immeuble donnant sur la place de la Nation en plein coeur d'un quartier parisien animé. Appartement avec pierres apparentes, lumineux, calme, de nombreux commerces et métro à proximité Studio chaleureux, tout équipé, idéal pour un couple souhaitant découvrir Paris et ses environs. Cuisine toute équipée et machine Tassimo à votre disposition. Codes WiFi dans l'appartement. Salle de bain avec baignoire. A votre disposition par téléphone pendant toute la durée de votre séjour en cas de besoin ou d'urgence. Quartier de Paris authentique et très vivant. Tous les commerces à proximité (épiceries, supermarchés, pharmacies,..) et de bons restaurants à découvrir ! Tous les quartiers connus de Paris (châtelet, le marais, bastille, les champs Elysées,...) facilement accessibles grâce aux nombreux transports en commun situés au pied de l'appartement. Un guide du quartier sera mis à votre disposition avec tous les numéros utiles. Faci
28170	5  people	 1 mn walk from the tube station, close to Bastille and République.  2 double bedrooms, large living room with convertible sofa, independant fully equipped kitchen, large balcony with table and chairs. Arty style     5  people Wifi, washing machine, dish washer, micro-wave..all the flat's facilities Really nice  lively Parisian area.. Nice shops around ranging from supermarkets to book-shops, bakeries, butchers, wine shops, cafés etc. Bus going to very central Paris and The Louvres  round the corner.  Bus, Tube (line 9).. 1mn walk from the tube station,  2 mn from the bus stop. 
28171	La chambre est simple mais il y a tout ce qu'il vous faut. Le lit très confortable (achetè il y a cinq mois). Elle donne sur la cour, du coup est très silencieuse. La salle de bain a la bagnoire. Elle est petite mais elle vient d'etre repeint.	Coucou!  SI vous venez sur Paris pour les vacances d'été, je vous propose ma chambre! :) L'appartament se trouve à 2 minutes du metro Belleville. Dans 15 minutes vous etes à Chatelet La chambre est simple mais il y a tout ce qu'il vous faut. Le lit très confortable (achetè il y a cinq mois). Elle donne sur la cour, du coup est très silencieuse. La salle de bain a la bagnoire. Elle est petite mais elle vient d'etre repeint. Vous pouves utiliser frigo et cuisine sans hesiter. Je serai pas à l'appart mais mon coloc est au courant et vous aidera avec plaisir pour vous reperer dans la ville et pour l'echange de clès! Il parle français et anglais courant. Le quartier est très populaire et il y a plein de bar tout autour. Depuis 6 mois que j'habite ici je dois toujours en tester :) A dix minutes à pied vous serez au Parc de Belleville! La vu sur Paris est magnifique (photo) Le logement est tout près du Metro Belleville (2 minutes à pied) et desservi par deux ligne très pratique pour qui vient
28172		Come in this new flat with a bedroom and a leaving room. All the flat was renovated in 2015 for your cumfort. I like to help my travellers. I try to answer in the forst 6 hours of your message when you're interested for the flat. Secondly, when you meet trouble with the flat, i do my best for solve the problem. Please, don't hesitate to contact me during your stay ! If you are interested to know some good addresses near to the flat, tell me what you're looking for in Paris and i'll search the places to be ! The street have very few traffic and it exists some places to park a car next to the flat. You can park some bikes in the residence, it will be secure. If you prefer the parisian way to explore the town, you have the line 9 in 4 minutes on foot (stop : Voltaire) or the line 5 in 7 minutes on foot (stop : Bréguet-Sabin).
28173	The most enjoyable feature of the flat is the view on Paris, and its orientation that makes it as bright and sunny as a flat can be. Its size and accommodations also make it nice to spend some time in there before discovering Paris.	Cosy 50 m² flat located in the center of Paris, right between République, Bastille, Père Lachaise and Place des Vosges.  Enjoy the clear and sunny 180° view on Paris from the 9th floor while having breakfast on the balcony.  [Elevator included] The most enjoyable feature of the flat is the view on Paris, and its orientation that makes it as bright and sunny as a flat can be. Its size and accommodations also make it nice to spend some time in there before discovering Paris. All access is given to you, the furniture and equipment will be yours to enjoy. I won't be present during your stay, but will be reachable by phone or mail for any information. The very close neighborhood is quiet, which is perfect to enjoy the day, all windows opened. Walking 5 min will bring you either in Bastille, or République or Place des Vosges to enjoy the unique places of Paris. Many stations on many lines nearby, the access if very convenient. Metro lines 1, 5, 8, 9 are the closest.
28174		This apartment is a a cosy and quiet place in the center of Paris. The closest subway stations are Bastille and Voltaire.
28175	The flat is located at the 6th floor with elevator and offers a spacious living room, a bedroom and a creative kitchen.  Atypical, this flat offers an incredible view on Paris’s streets, such as Paul Bert, Chanzy or Jean Macé. Really calm and bright, it offers :  -A fully equipped kitchen : hotplates, an oven, a refrigerator/freezer, a hood and everything that you need to cook and eat including : plates, pans, glasses, cutlery, cups, kettle… -A living room with a sofa, a mat for 2, a TV and speakers. -A  bedroom with a double bed. -A bathroom with a bathtub, a washing machine and wc.	The flat is located at the 6th floor with elevator and offers a spacious living room, a bedroom and a creative kitchen. The flat is located at the 6th floor with elevator and offers a spacious living room, a bedroom and a creative kitchen.  Atypical, this flat offers an incredible view on Paris’s streets, such as Paul Bert, Chanzy or Jean Macé. Really calm and bright, it offers :  -A fully equipped kitchen : hotplates, an oven, a refrigerator/freezer, a hood and everything that you need to cook and eat including : plates, pans, glasses, cutlery, cups, kettle… -A living room with a sofa, a mat for 2, a TV and speakers. -A  bedroom with a double bed. -A bathroom with a bathtub, a washing machine and wc. Close to Bastille, located along the Charonne street and in the Paul Bert street, this apartment is near numerous restaurants, cafés and bistrots hence it’s reputation of an area which becomes more and more greedy. In the Paul Bert street, you can find the cake shop and the restaurant « L
28176	nice location to visit Paris for 2 persons, you can cook in the little kitchen and relax on the sofa at the end of the day. 	26m2 with 2 rooms, at the third floor, 1bedroom, 1livingroom, separate kitchen 2minutes from the metro station Père-Lachaise and his famous cemetery, 3min from a bicycle station.  15 min from Bastille Opera by walk or 5 by bike Quiet and safe place nice location to visit Paris for 2 persons, you can cook in the little kitchen and relax on the sofa at the end of the day. 45min from the airport There is a delicious bakery and a very nice restaurant down the flat. Metro with 2 lines at Pere-Lachaise locate at 2 min by walk.
28177	Loft-like apartment in classic, over 200 year old building on a leafy courtyard. Building not directly on the street so very quiet. One flight walkup inside building, no elevator. Parquet floors throughout and lots of windows with original old iron fixtures. Shared space (with host) includes TV - living room area, dining area and open gourmet kitchen. 	Small but sunny bedroom and private, marble-tiled bathroom with shower in loft-like space on cobblestoned plant-filled interior courtyard in center of Paris. Very quiet, but in the center of the hip Bastille neighborhood. Loft-like apartment in classic, over 200 year old building on a leafy courtyard. Building not directly on the street so very quiet. One flight walkup inside building, no elevator. Parquet floors throughout and lots of windows with original old iron fixtures. Shared space (with host) includes TV - living room area, dining area and open gourmet kitchen.  Guests can use fridge and microwave and espresso machine. Other use of kitchen is possible. Private bathroom with shower for guest use only. Guest bedroom and bath off main  area in private corridor. Lots of books and DVDs, which can be borrowed for guest use. Bed is very comfortable, and sized like an American double bed - sleeps 1 to 2 people. I live in my apartment, including during guests' stay, and am happy to help
28178	A few blocks away from the Pere Lachaise cemetery, Republique or Bastille, you will enjoy this quiet neighborhood where you'll find everything you need. 5 minutes away is located the rue Oberkampf known for its trendy bars and restaurants! This apartment is for the guest with highest of standards:  1) Location:  There are literally hundreds of shops, restaurants, brasseries, bakeries, fromageries all within walking distance.  2) Flat: design and immaculate, newly remodeled, all high quality finishings and furniture 3) Concierge: we are available 24/7 for any question, reservation, transport service, recommendation, etc. Upon entering the apartment, you will step into the great room: dining/cooking and sleeping area. The three windows across the front provide lots of natural light. The dining room table has seating for two. The kitchen is fully equipped with a refrigerator, stove and microwave. All plates, cups, utensils, pots, pans, cutlery, etc are provided for your convenience.	A few blocks away from the Pere Lachaise cemetery, Republique or Bastille, you will enjoy this quiet neighborhood where you'll find everything you need. 5 minutes away is located the rue Oberkampf known for its trendy bars and restaurants! This apartment is for the guest with highest of standards:  1) Location:  There are literally hundreds of shops, restaurants, brasseries, bakeries, fromageries all within walking distance.  2) Flat: design and immaculate, newly remodeled, all high quality finishings and furniture 3) Concierge: we are available 24/7 for any question, reservation, transport service, recommendation, etc. Upon entering the apartment, you will step into the great room: dining/cooking and sleeping area. The three windows across the front provide lots of natural light. The dining room table has seating for two. The kitchen is fully equipped with a refrigerator, stove and microwave. All plates, cups, utensils, pots, pans, cutlery, etc are provided for your convenience. the s
28179		18m2 apartment in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. Double bed, Smart TV, Washing Machine, Wifi, Bathtub. Walking distance from the Père Lachaise cemetery. Close to Place de la république and the canal St Martin. Cool area with great bars and cafés.
28180	I'm completely in love with my apartment, located on the 6th and last floor, the view is beautiful, it's bright and clear and feels really great. I have taken the time to decorate it in order to match and reveal my personality. I really hope you will enjoy it!	Comfortable 2 room apartment (37m2) accommodates 1 couple. Close to the metro and a few minutes walk from the never sleeping neighbourhood of Bastille. I'm completely in love with my apartment, located on the 6th and last floor, the view is beautiful, it's bright and clear and feels really great. I have taken the time to decorate it in order to match and reveal my personality. I really hope you will enjoy it! I'm aways available via phone, texts or emails. I will sometimes be the one welcoming you, sometimes it will be someone else, it depends on the schedule. The flat is located in the 11th arrondissement, walking distance from the never-sleeping neighbourhood of Bastille, a few steps from the very commercial street Faubourg saint Antoine which bursts with shops and cafes. Everything you might need is right around the corner (bakery, supermarket, pharmacy etc.) There is also a very famous market called Marché d'Aligre 2 minutes away, I recommend it! Closest metro station in Ledru Roll
28181	Séjournez à Paris dans un des quartiers les plus typiques, au coeur de la ville, à deux pas du Père Lachaise & des endroits les plus animés. L'appartement est fonctionnel & chaleureux. Vous y serez totalement autonomes. L'essayer c'est l'adopter ! L'appartement de 27m2 est très cosy. Il est constitué d'une cuisine américaine spacieuse ouverte sur le séjour.  La chambre est la pièce maîtresse de ce petit nid douillet : elle dispose d'un très grand lit et surtout d'une vue dégagée sur la ville, sans vis-à-vis.  Le tout forme un endroit où il fait bon vivre ! Les voyageurs disposent du logement entier et  de tous les équipements qui vont avec. La totalité du logement est à la disposition des voyageurs. Néanmoins je peux fournir certaines informations au préalable ou pendant le séjour si besoin. Excellente situation pour visiter ou aller rapidement ou vous voulez dans Paris. Tous commerces à proximité : à 20 mètres  Petits Restaurants des 4 coins du monde, Boulanger, Fromager, Caviste Nico	Séjournez à Paris dans un des quartiers les plus typiques, au coeur de la ville, à deux pas du Père Lachaise & des endroits les plus animés. L'appartement est fonctionnel & chaleureux. Vous y serez totalement autonomes. L'essayer c'est l'adopter ! L'appartement de 27m2 est très cosy. Il est constitué d'une cuisine américaine spacieuse ouverte sur le séjour.  La chambre est la pièce maîtresse de ce petit nid douillet : elle dispose d'un très grand lit et surtout d'une vue dégagée sur la ville, sans vis-à-vis.  Le tout forme un endroit où il fait bon vivre !  Les voyageurs disposent du logement entier et  de tous les équipements qui vont avec.  La totalité du logement est à la disposition des voyageurs. Néanmoins je peux fournir certaines informations au préalable ou pendant le séjour si besoin.  Excellente situation pour visiter ou aller rapidement ou vous voulez dans Paris. Tous commerces à proximité : à 20 mètres  Petits Restaurants des 4 coins du monde, Boulanger, Fromager, Caviste N
28182	1 bderoom, 1 living room, nice and fully equiped  kitchen, en-suite bathroom and separated WC. 40 square meters in total. Wooden floor, bright & cosy, typically parisian !	Typical & cosy parisian 1 bedroom flat, fantastic location 5 min walk from le Marais, 3 minutes from Bastille. 1 large bed in the bedroom &convertible sofa. Wooden floor in an Haussmanian building. Separated WC, free Wifi. Close to every amenities. 1 bderoom, 1 living room, nice and fully equiped  kitchen, en-suite bathroom and separated WC. 40 square meters in total. Wooden floor, bright & cosy, typically parisian ! You have access to everything you like : during your stay, it's your home ! Be our guests and feel home away from home ! Any question, please don't hesitate we'll be glad to help ! Close to all amenities : restaurants, shops, monuments ... 2 minutes away from rue de la Roquette & Bastille, 5 minutes walk from Place des Vosges and le Marais ! 3 tube stations at a 3 to 5 minutes walk. Plenty of buses. You can do plenty of nice things by walk ! From Roissy, take RER A (train) to Chatelet then line 1 (metro) to Bastille and 5 min walk or RER A to Gare du Nord then line 5 (metr
28183	L'appartement est bien central, dans le onzième arrondissement, il est situé à 10 minutes de marche de la Bastille et 15 minutes du Marais.  Vous serez ravi de vivre dans ce studio aménagé avec soin, situé sur la rive droite de la Seine. Vous pourrez aller vous restaurer, boire un verre, flâner dans les rues, visiter les musées et découvrir l'architecture du vieux Paris.  Il est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre avec 2 fenêtres,  	L'appartement est bien central, dans le onzième arrondissement, il est situé à 10 minutes de marche de la Bastille et 15 minutes du Marais.  Vous serez ravi de vivre dans ce studio aménagé avec soin, situé sur la rive droite de la Seine. Vous pourrez aller vous restaurer, boire un verre, flâner dans les rues, visiter les musées et découvrir l'architecture du vieux Paris.  Il est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre avec 2 fenêtres,  Salle de bains avec douche italienne, sèche-cheveux, sèche-serviette, grande fenêtre, cuisine séparée, aménagée avec plaque vitrocéramique, hotte, frigo-congélateur, grille pain, micro ondes, lave vaisselle et tous les ustensiles pour la cuisine.  Les animaux sont interdite et le studio est non fumeur.  Le quartier est habité par beaucoup de jeunes créateurs, étudiants, ainsi que d'artisans. Il y a un grand  nombre de restaurants et de cafés bien animés dans le quartier.  Métro ligne 9, station Charonne ; Bus 76, 56 et 69 (Place Gambetta - Champs de Mars - To
28184	It's a spacious and bright 70 m2 (750 ft2) flat that was just renovated in it's original 50's spirit. It's decorated and furnished with taste (with an original combo of vintage furniture) and super comfortable. It has 2 bedrooms overlooking a charming courtyard with trees, a large living room, a balcony with a corner where you can chill and another where you can eat, bathroom with a bathtub, separate toilets, well equipped kitchen.	Cozy 70 m2 flat just renovated: 2 bedrooms, big living room, balcony. In the heart Paris 11e. Down there: Père Lachaise, market street, 3 metro lines; 15 min walk from Bastille, le Marais, le Canal, Charonne, new wave French restaurants area. It's a spacious and bright 70 m2 (750 ft2) flat that was just renovated in it's original 50's spirit. It's decorated and furnished with taste (with an original combo of vintage furniture) and super comfortable. It has 2 bedrooms overlooking a charming courtyard with trees, a large living room, a balcony with a corner where you can chill and another where you can eat, bathroom with a bathtub, separate toilets, well equipped kitchen. You have access to all the flat amenities and some sound system where you can plug your smartphone or computer. We'll greet you and show you around the place. It's a quiet and authentic neighborhood, in the heart of gentrified 11th arrondissement. There's a garden and a market street down the place, with cafés, terrasse
28185	Fully-equipped charming apartment in the heart of Paris, 19th district Belleville, in a new building with wooden facade, beautiful! Located 2min from metro Pyrenees or Jourdain, 5min  from amazing Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Close to shops, café, restaurant, bars... You will feel good!  A lovely apartment, with wooden floors, perfectly located in the 19th arrondissement, on the ground-floor of a brand new building with wooden facade, at the back of the courtyard, very quiet.  APARTMENT  - the room has a comfortable convertible sofa, coffee table, flat screen TV, and WIFI - the kitchen is fully equipped. All kitchen utensils and cookware included  - Spacious and modern bathroom  - Various bakery (boulangerie), cheese shop, fruits and vegetables, amazing restaurants are located directly close to the apartment. Various food markets are just a couple of meters away It is just a 2 minute walk to the Pyrénées Metro station line 11 or Jourdain Metro station, line 11. Only a couple of metro stop	Fully-equipped charming apartment in the heart of Paris, 19th district Belleville, in a new building with wooden facade, beautiful! Located 2min from metro Pyrenees or Jourdain, 5min  from amazing Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Close to shops, café, restaurant, bars... You will feel good!  A lovely apartment, with wooden floors, perfectly located in the 19th arrondissement, on the ground-floor of a brand new building with wooden facade, at the back of the courtyard, very quiet.  APARTMENT  - the room has a comfortable convertible sofa, coffee table, flat screen TV, and WIFI - the kitchen is fully equipped. All kitchen utensils and cookware included  - Spacious and modern bathroom  - Various bakery (boulangerie), cheese shop, fruits and vegetables, amazing restaurants are located directly close to the apartment. Various food markets are just a couple of meters away It is just a 2 minute walk to the Pyrénées Metro station line 11 or Jourdain Metro station, line 11. Only a couple of metro stop
28186	Charming apartment (ancient style) facing garden 80 m2 area with a maximum capacity of 6 people.  Includes a living room with dining table and two folding bed, 3 bedrooms, one with a double bed, one with a single bed and 1 with a folding bed, and finally two bathrooms with showers and toilets.  The kitchen is separate and fully equipped: 4 burners, oven, microwave, toaster, coffee maker and fridge, Adding for your comfort 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets. At your disposal: iron, hair dryer, washing machine, fan, television and radio. The apartment is located close to the metro Nation with 5 lines of metro  and 3 lines bus (100 meters), in a quiet and pleasant neighbourhood.  You will find not far from Bastille and the Père Lachaise cemetery;10 minutes from the Forest of  Vincennes , its zoo and castle; and 15 minutes to the Louvre!  Join the boulevards (metro line 9) with their beautiful boutiques and retailers brand; if you continue on the same line you will arrive at the famous Trocadero wi	Charming apartment (ancient style) facing garden 80 m2 area with a maximum capacity of 6 people.  Includes a living room with dining table and two folding bed, 3 bedrooms, one with a double bed, one with a single bed and 1 with a folding bed, and finally two bathrooms with showers and toilets.  The kitchen is separate and fully equipped: 4 burners, oven, microwave, toaster, coffee maker and fridge, Adding for your comfort 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets. At your disposal: iron, hair dryer, washing machine, fan, television and radio. The apartment is located close to the metro Nation with 5 lines of metro  and 3 lines bus (100 meters), in a quiet and pleasant neighbourhood.  You will find not far from Bastille and the Père Lachaise cemetery;10 minutes from the Forest of  Vincennes , its zoo and castle; and 15 minutes to the Louvre!  Join the boulevards (metro line 9) with their beautiful boutiques and retailers brand; if you continue on the same line you will arrive at the famous Trocadero wi
28187	Private well located sunny studio apartment in residential complex with guardien. The studio comprises a large main room, a separate full kitchen and a bathroom. Digicode from street, second floor apartment. The landlady lives nearby and is available when necessary. The landlady speaks English, Portuguese, French and Spanish. There are many restaurants, supermarkets and cafés nearby. You will be spoilt for choice of cusine. The Canal St Martin is perfect for walking along, biking or sitting and watching the world go by.  Walking distance to Hotel de Ville, Bastille, the Seine, Marais, Bastille, Opera, Canal St Martin and Oberkampf. Easy access to all sites in Paris from busy Republique metro station plus only 3 stops to the train that services the airports. The building has a very helpful guardian.	Fully furnished studio with separate kitchen, full sized fridge, stove, oven, washer and microwave. Bathroom with bathtub and shower. Republique metro, near  shopping, tourist attractions and nightlife, Easy access to airports. Wifi, cable  and free international calls. Private well located sunny studio apartment in residential complex with guardien. The studio comprises a large main room, a separate full kitchen and a bathroom. Digicode from street, second floor apartment. The landlady lives nearby and is available when necessary. The landlady speaks English, Portuguese, French and Spanish. There are many restaurants, supermarkets and cafés nearby. You will be spoilt for choice of cusine. The Canal St Martin is perfect for walking along, biking or sitting and watching the world go by.  Walking distance to Hotel de Ville, Bastille, the Seine, Marais, Bastille, Opera, Canal St Martin and Oberkampf. Easy access to all sites in Paris from busy Republique metro station plus only 3 stops to
28188	"Functional studio in the 7th floor ( lift up to the 5th . ) : Located in the east central Paris, ""Rive Droite"", - Fully equipped kitchen , washing machine , oven , blender , etc. - Bathroom with bath, - Wifi, speakers, - Dressing room with washing machine , - Oberkampf or Republique Metro station on line 3 , 5, 8 , 9, 11 and many buses,"	"Charming studio , bright, quiet in a trendy area . Fully equipped, secured by a magnetic code and pass . Nearby shops and many tourist sites and events . At the foot of subway lines 3 , 5, 8 , 9, 11 . Functional studio in the 7th floor ( lift up to the 5th . ) : Located in the east central Paris, ""Rive Droite"", - Fully equipped kitchen , washing machine , oven , blender , etc. - Bathroom with bath, - Wifi, speakers, - Dressing room with washing machine , - Oberkampf or Republique Metro station on line 3 , 5, 8 , 9, 11 and many buses, Don't hesitate to  contact me, I am avaible for any question Come discover a typically Parisian ""Chambre de Bonne"" , with a great view (and a piece of the Eiffel Tower...) You will feel quiet in the heart of the vibrant Paris... Metro OBERKAMPF 50M : Line 5 and 9 , Metro Republic 400M : intersection of lines 3, 5 , 8, 9 and 11, All tourist and festive places of Paris are accessible ! The ceiling rises to 1.93m!"
28189	Charming bright studio - 33 m2 For 1 or 2 people in a perfect area rue keller, 5min walk from Bastille, 2 min from Voltaire. 10 min walk from Aligre outside market (marché d'aligre) Many nice restaurants and bars in the area. 2 Supermarkets and a bakery are juste close to the building. couch/bed, table, kitchen in the same room. Separate Bathroom and Toilets  3rd floor / no elevator. you will have 3 diffrents subways : Vlotaire (line 9) Bastille (Lines 5,1,8) Ledru Rollin (line8)	Charming bright studio - 33 m2 for 1 or 2 people in a perfect area rue keller, 5min walk from Bastille, 2 min from Voltaire. Many nice restaurants and bars in the area. couch/bed, table, kitchen in the same room. Separate Bathroom and Toilets Charming bright studio - 33 m2 For 1 or 2 people in a perfect area rue keller, 5min walk from Bastille, 2 min from Voltaire. 10 min walk from Aligre outside market (marché d'aligre) Many nice restaurants and bars in the area. 2 Supermarkets and a bakery are juste close to the building. couch/bed, table, kitchen in the same room. Separate Bathroom and Toilets  3rd floor / no elevator. you will have 3 diffrents subways : Vlotaire (line 9) Bastille (Lines 5,1,8) Ledru Rollin (line8)
28190	2 pièces avec beaucoup de charme, au rez-de-chaussée donnant sur une petite cour pavée, arborée et fleurie, dans laquelle je cultive quelques légumes. Idéal pour un weekend à deux à Paris (possibilité jusqu'à 4 couchages dans des vrais lits).	Deux pièces avec beaucoup de charme. Rez-de-chaussée donnant sur une petite cour pavée et arborée. Situé dans un quartier central et authentique de Paris (10min à pied de Bastille), l'appartement est très calme, dans un quartier commerçant.  2 pièces avec beaucoup de charme, au rez-de-chaussée donnant sur une petite cour pavée, arborée et fleurie, dans laquelle je cultive quelques légumes. Idéal pour un weekend à deux à Paris (possibilité jusqu'à 4 couchages dans des vrais lits). Possibilité de sortir une table pour manger/prendre un verre dehors. Endroit très calme, au milieu d'un quartier vivant et commerçant, avec de nombreux restaurants et commerces authentiques. Pour le soir, la rue de la Roquette et ses environs regorgent de bonnes adresses à découvrir. Situé en plein coeur du 11ème, à 10 minutes à pied de Bastille et 10 minutes du cimetière du Père Lachaise.  
28191	Hi! I'm renting one room of my 2 rooms flat!  You will find a confortable room with a real sofa bed (quality mattress, TV, wifi, share bathroom and kitchen. Separate WC. Typical and charming flat! Typical flat near the famous Bataclan, in the heart of the charming and trendy Oberkampf. 5 min walk from The Marais, Place de la Republique and Bastille.  5 min to the Subway (lines 5 and 9) I love my flat! Very charming, typical decoration with new furniture! Quality soja bed bought last (website hidden)  Wifi Bathroom Kitchen Furniture WC Lines 5 and 9 (Oberkampf), line 8 (Filles du Calvaire)	Hi! I'm renting one room of my 2 rooms flat!  You will find a confortable room with a real sofa bed (quality
28192	You will find a large living room with: - an open kitchen with: washing machine, microwave, fridge, hob, extractor, kettle, toaster, coffee maker and everything you need for cooking and eating. Dining table and chairs. - a lounge area: with a sofa for two, an HDTV cable, DVD, Ipod speaker and Internet connection. Desk and office chair. - a bed space: behind the sofa included you have a real bed 160 x 200cm. Storage space. - a terrace. - a bathroom: with Italian shower, sink, hair dryer. - Closed WC. Linen and towels are provided.	Very nice renovated studio 19m2, third floor of a building with a lift overlooking a street with a terrace. Quiet and full of sunshine, one block from Bastille Place. You will find a large living room with: - an open kitchen with: washing machine, microwave, fridge, hob, extractor, kettle, toaster, coffee maker and everything you need for cooking and eating. Dining table and chairs. - a lounge area: with a sofa for two, an HDTV cable, DVD, Ipod speaker and Internet connection. Desk and office chair. - a bed space: behind the sofa included you have a real bed 160 x 200cm. Storage space. - a terrace. - a bathroom: with Italian shower, sink, hair dryer. - Closed WC. Linen and towels are provided. At 2 minutes walking distance from Place des Vosges, you are in the Center of Le Marais. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be few minutes walking distance from Bastille, Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), the Cathedrale
28193	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Voltaire neighborhood with this cosy 2 rooms apartment. You will feel like a real Parisian enjoying the “Voltaire village” atmosphere offering all the typical Parisian feelings you are expecting to get (excellent bakeries, bistrots, small food shops, walking distance from the center…).  On the 3rd floor overlooking a quiet street, you will enjoy the light all day long in all the rooms. 3’ away you will have the metro lines 9 (Voltaire, Charonne) and 2  (Philippe Auguste) connecting you to center in 15’ and giving you access to all the major attractions in less than 20/25’. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will access to the main room (25sqm) offering a dinner space and the  kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to help you cook your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, cooktops, combined microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make y	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Voltaire neighborhood with this cosy 2 rooms apartment. You will feel like a real Parisian enjoying the “Voltaire village” atmosphere offering all the typical Parisian feelings you are expecting to get (excellent bakeries, bistrots, small food shops, walking distance from the center…).  On the 3rd floor overlooking a quiet street, you will enjoy the light all day long in all the rooms. 3’ away you will have the metro lines 9 (Voltaire, Charonne) and 2  (Philippe Auguste) connecting you to center in 15’ and giving you access to all the major attractions in less than 20/25’. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will access to the main room (25sqm) offering a dinner space and the  kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to help you cook your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, cooktops, combined microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make y
28194	Au 2ème étage d’un immeuble calme et sûr, cet appartement typiquement parisien reprend tous ses codes, parquet, moulures et cheminées dans chacune des pièces. Très bien isolé du bruit et du froid (double vitrage), cet appartement de 60m² est composé de deux chambres (dont une seule ne sera mise en accés libre), d'un salon et d'une cuisine séparée.	Cet appartement pour 2 personnes totalement équipé est situé dans le 11ème arrondissement, en face de la rue du Pas de la Mule donc à deux minutes de marche de la place de la Bastille et de la place des Vosges et aux portes du Marais. Au 2ème étage d’un immeuble calme et sûr, cet appartement typiquement parisien reprend tous ses codes, parquet, moulures et cheminées dans chacune des pièces. Très bien isolé du bruit et du froid (double vitrage), cet appartement de 60m² est composé de deux chambres (dont une seule ne sera mise en accés libre), d'un salon et d'une cuisine séparée. Une chambre parentale avec un lit double (140x200cm). Un lit parapluie pour bébé peut être mis à disposition. La cuisine est équipée d’une table,  de plaques vitrocéramique, un four, un  grille-pain, une micro-onde, une machine  nespresso, un frigo-congélateur et un lave vaisselle.  La salle de bain possède une baignoire (pouvant être utilisée comme douche), un sèche-cheveux et une machine à laver (vous trouvere
28195		Small (50m2) but bright and sunny, top 4th floor walk up (no elevator - good for your figure)  but very central apartment in the middle of the Chinese garment district (near Bastille area)... by email or phone a bit industrial-looking (Chinese garment district) but central ... 5 minutes away from metro stop (Voltaire, line 9) and bus stops (69, direct to Louvre and Eiffel tower; 61 to Gare de Lyon train station), half way between  Père Lachaise cemetery and Bastille (15 minutes walk on Rue de la Roquette), 10 minutes from Rue Lappe (many bars and eating places), 20 minutes walking from Place des Vosges and Marais (historical Paris) ... can get a bit hot in the summer (right under the roofs), but if you leave the blinds on, it cuts down the heat quite a bit, but we also have a portable aircon and a fan ...
28196		Studio really bright located in a very nice neighborhood, with restaurants, supermarket and boulangeries around. Metro station Nation is 2min away by foot. Taking it, you can be in the center of Paris in 15min! Comfortable bed and atmosphere!
28197	"There is a kitchen/living room with a lot of books, a bathroom/toilets. The bedroom is 18 meter square, with a piano. My roommate is a nice director. We have a cat called ""Bulle"". He is not allowed to go in my room/"	"There is a kitchen/living room with a lot of books, a bathroom/toilets. The bedroom is 18 meter square, with a piano. My roommate is a nice director. We have a cat called ""Bulle"". He is not allowed to go in my room/ Everything is provided. In the kitchen: microwave, hoven, squeezer, coffee maquer, toaster, fridge. In the bathroom: washing machine.  I'll provide a list of the good address of the neighbourhood. If you have special requests, do not hesitate to ask. Concerning our suburb, it's a lively, and young district (and it's really safe). The apartment is well located, near Canal Saint-Martin, République, Oberkampf and close to Le Marais. 25 minutes by foot to Chatelet. There are plenty of bars and restaurants near the apartment. Metro Goncourt is 30 seconds by walk from the apartment. Metro Republique, 6 minutes by walk, and Metro Belleville, 7 minutes."
28198	The apartment is ideally equipped (bed sheets, blankets, dishes, internet via WIFI, etc. ) for one or two persons that want to enjoy a nice time visiting the city.	Parisian flat in a nice typical Haussmanian building, close to every small shops to make the stay comfortable, located in a quiet but lively area in the East of Paris (Voltaire/Père Lachaise cemetery) double-glazed windows, 2 rooms+1 double bed. WIFI The apartment is ideally equipped (bed sheets, blankets, dishes, internet via WIFI, etc. ) for one or two persons that want to enjoy a nice time visiting the city. Located in the second floor of an typical Parisian Haussmanian building – All the flat (35m2) is at your disposal with a 2 person bed and a small couch. As soon as you will arrive in Paris, I will provide you with my contact information (phone number) and be available for any request that you might have during your stay ! Lot of nearby shops, everything is located less than 2 minutes by foot ! (grocery stores, bakeries, coin-operated laundry shops). Located in a living area but in a quiet street of the east of Paris, the flat is ideally located ! Located near the line 9 of the m
28199	Situé dans le quartier Faidherbe proche Bastille, dans un immeuble typique du 11ème, au  1er étage donnant sur une jolie cour fleurie, cet appartement de trois pièces se compose d'un couloir distribuant un double séjour, une cuisine indépendante équipée, deux chambres dont une grande avec bureau. En parfait état avec parquet au sol. Calme et clair. 	Situé dans le quartier Faidherbe proche Bastille, dans un immeuble typique, au 1er étage  sur cour, notre appartement familial de 3 pièces est idéal pour 5 personnes Situé dans le quartier Faidherbe proche Bastille, dans un immeuble typique du 11ème, au  1er étage donnant sur une jolie cour fleurie, cet appartement de trois pièces se compose d'un couloir distribuant un double séjour, une cuisine indépendante équipée, deux chambres dont une grande avec bureau. En parfait état avec parquet au sol. Calme et clair.  Tout l'appartement et ses équipements. 1 lit double dans la chambre 1 canapé-lit double dans le salon 1 lit simple dans la 2e chambre Au coeur du 11e et de ses courettes typiques, à 2 pas de la rue de Charonne et nouveaux restaurants et boutiques. Proche métro, bus, rer A, Gare de Lyon à 15'. Metro: Charonne (ligne 9)
