15900	Grand studio dans immeuble années 1970 lu mineux vue sur jardin interieur avec petit balcon calme 2eme etage ascenseur cuisine independante cuisinière lave linge frigo micro onde. Lecteur de DVD et Cd, WIFI.. lit double 140 et deux couchages sur canapé.  	Grand studio dans immeuble années 1970 lu mineux vue sur jardin interieur avec petit balcon calme 2eme etage ascenseur cuisine independante cuisinière lave linge frigo micro onde. Lecteur de DVD et Cd, WIFI.. lit double 140 et deux couchages sur canapé.  A 50m du metro montparnasse lignes 12 , 4, 13 multiples bus a 5minutes de la gare Montparnasse pied de la tour montparnasse des cinema restaurants theatre musee shopping et c.... J'aide du mieux que je peux les voyageurs, car je connais bien Paris. Anciien quartier des peintres et artistes. Les cafés historiques de la coupole et du dôme ( Modigliani, picasso etc...) sont à 5 minutes à pied. Beaucoup d activite et acces rapide a tous les grands monuments parisiens. depuis l'aéroport de roissy CDG, un car air france s'arrete a côté, sinon métro + RER et beaucoup de taxis. Gare SNCF à moins de 10 minutes à pied. 
15901	Here is a charming and spacious studio right in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres. It is made of a cosy living-room with sofa-bed and working desk. A comfortable and clearly separate sleeping area with double-bed, big wall closets and a very nice ensuite shower-room. A fully equipped and convenient kitchen. The all flat is bright and intimate as much light pours inside through big windows looking onto a calm, private courtyard. The apartment is specially for couples or families	Right next to the Saint-Germain market, this charming studio can accomodate a family with a child. Spacious, well designed, it features an equipped kitchen, a living with sofa bed, the bedroom area with real double bed, and a shower room Here is a charming and spacious studio right in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres. It is made of a cosy living-room with sofa-bed and working desk. A comfortable and clearly separate sleeping area with double-bed, big wall closets and a very nice ensuite shower-room. A fully equipped and convenient kitchen. The all flat is bright and intimate as much light pours inside through big windows looking onto a calm, private courtyard. The apartment is specially for couples or families Enjoy  unlimited high speed wireless internet connection, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV programs. House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remai
15902	This family accommodation is ideal for visitors who want to enjoy both a comfortable space (80 m2, ceiling height of 3.50 meters) and fully equiped ( new kitchen with oven, microwave, table cooking, washing machine, dishwasher).  There is a big room (17 m2), a living room of 30 m2 and if nécessary a baby room (11 m2)with special bed 2 people can sleep in the big room, and 2 others in a sofa bed (living room). + one in the another sofa. The sofa bed can also be transfered in the baby room. The paintings are new, 2 TVs available with  possibility to capture a variety of French and international channels. The wireless network is also available.  The living room of 30 m2 give you spaces for eating, organizing your trip and to rest. Finally, the apartment is conveniently located:  - Duroc Metro Station at the foot of the building  - Bus station less than 100 meters  - Restaurant and bar at the bottom of the building  - Shops within 100 meters (hypermarket is open every night until 9:00 p.m.	This apartment of 80 m2 is situated at the foot of Duroc metro and bus. A few stops from the Champs Elysees and the center of Paris. It consists of a large adult bedroom, baby room if necessary, and a living room of 30 m2. (3.50 m under ceiling!) This family accommodation is ideal for visitors who want to enjoy both a comfortable space (80 m2, ceiling height of 3.50 meters) and fully equiped ( new kitchen with oven, microwave, table cooking, washing machine, dishwasher).  There is a big room (17 m2), a living room of 30 m2 and if nécessary a baby room (11 m2)with special bed 2 people can sleep in the big room, and 2 others in a sofa bed (living room). + one in the another sofa. The sofa bed can also be transfered in the baby room. The paintings are new, 2 TVs available with  possibility to capture a variety of French and international channels. The wireless network is also available.  The living room of 30 m2 give you spaces for eating, organizing your trip and to rest. Finally, the ap
15903	Cet appartement d'un grand standing jouit de grandes pièces de vie très bien aménagées et décorées. 3 chambres dont une chambre nuptiale avec dressing et salle de bain. Une 2nde salle de bain située au niveau des 2 autres chambres. Il est parfaitement situé dans l'une des rues les plus connues de Paris, rue de l'Odéon. Nous pouvons accueillir une 7eme personne (lit pliant pour enfant et ado). Nous avons aussi un lit bb qui peut être installé dans la chambre parentale et donc vous accueillir à 8 personnes. Cet appartement est situé au coeur d'une résidence bourgeoise très calme et n'est pas du tout adapté pour faire des fêtes. 	Magnifique appartement neuf de 155m2. 3 chambres dont une chambre nuptiale avec dressing + salle de bain, une 2nde salle de bain, un immense salon, une grande cuisine totalement aménagée et un agréable bureau idéalement situé rue de l'Odéon Paris 6 Cet appartement d'un grand standing jouit de grandes pièces de vie très bien aménagées et décorées. 3 chambres dont une chambre nuptiale avec dressing et salle de bain. Une 2nde salle de bain située au niveau des 2 autres chambres. Il est parfaitement situé dans l'une des rues les plus connues de Paris, rue de l'Odéon. Nous pouvons accueillir une 7eme personne (lit pliant pour enfant et ado). Nous avons aussi un lit bb qui peut être installé dans la chambre parentale et donc vous accueillir à 8 personnes. Cet appartement est situé au coeur d'une résidence bourgeoise très calme et n'est pas du tout adapté pour faire des fêtes. Situé en plein centre de Paris, métro Odéon, dans l'un des quartiers les plus huppés de la capitale, proche des comme
15904		Beautiful apartment with a great view. Really well located. 2min from the metro. Many buses.  20min walking to the Louvre, 15min to Musée d'Orsay. The Luxembourg Garden is 10 min walking.  Calm and clear, perfect for a couple. (Bed + Sofa) PS: I am sorry there are not many photos. I can not load them for the moment but I hope I would be able the put more soon.
15905		Deux pièces à deux pas du Luxembourg,Saint-Germain-des-Prés,Saint-Michel.Très calme-sur jardin-et lumineux.Pour 1 ou 2 personnes.
15906	Charmant 2 pièces bien agencé et très lumineux. Equipement tout compris : machine à café Nespresso, Grille Pain, Machine à laver 	Appartement lumineux et central dans un quartier vivant. A 5 minutes de Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Saint Germain des Prés et Le Louvre. Tout compris pour un séjour au coeur de Paris avec les parisiens. Charmant 2 pièces bien agencé et très lumineux. Equipement tout compris : machine à café Nespresso, Grille Pain, Machine à laver Aide possible aux touristes de passages pour leur indiquer les bons plans du quartier. Saint Michel est l'un des plus vieux quartiers de Paris et sans doute le plus central. A 5 minutes de Notre Dame, du Louvre et de Saint Germain, au coeur d'un quartier aux milles ruelles pleines de bistrots et de coins cachés à découvrir. Metro 4 : Saint Michel et Odéon Métro 10 : Odéon (accès direct Tour Eiffel) RER C : Accès direct chateau de Versailles
15907	Dans un immeuble neuf, l'appartement se situe au quatrième étage avec ascenseur. Particulièrement lumineux avec une chambre donnant sur jardin intérieur et terrasse et le reste de l'appartement sur terrasse.	L'appartement est tout neuf avec salle de séjour, chambre, salle de douche, coin cuisine et grande terrasse. Quartier vivant et rue calme. Bien desservi par métro, bus et deux stations Vélib. Commerces ouverts tard et petits restaurants à proximité. Dans un immeuble neuf, l'appartement se situe au quatrième étage avec ascenseur. Particulièrement lumineux avec une chambre donnant sur jardin intérieur et terrasse et le reste de l'appartement sur terrasse. Le métro le plus proche est Vaneau. Le quartier est chic: ambassades, ministères, mais également animé avec plein de petits restaurants et le Bon Marché. Cinéma et musées également à proximité. Métro,bus et vélo à proximité. La voiture est en revanche déconseillée, sauf à la garer dans un parking public. Le quartier est particulièrement agréable et si le temps permet d'en profiter, la terrasse tout à fait exceptionnelle. La localisation très centrale permettra de partir à pied pour arpenter Paris de St Germain des Près au Louvre et au j
15908	Spacious flat with one room and dining room, a kitchen , a bathroom and a large living room which also has a sofa bed for two people. The apartment, fully refurbished and new . Fast Wi-Fi , equipped kitchen, large bath - very cosy and welcoming. 16th Century building, you really feel in the heart of historical Paris.	Charming and very calm one bedroom flat in the heart of the 6th arrondissement with views on the Seine - a couple of meters away from the famous Pont Neuf and in a historical 16th century building.  Spacious flat with all amenities including washing machine, oven, dishwasher, wifi, sofa bed (if needed for another couple).  Surrounded by famous places (Le Louvre), cafés (Le Flore), the lively rue de Buci with restaurants, bars and shops -  you will have the most memorable stay in Paris. Spacious flat with one room and dining room, a kitchen , a bathroom and a large living room which also has a sofa bed for two people. The apartment, fully refurbished and new . Fast Wi-Fi , equipped kitchen, large bath - very cosy and welcoming. 16th Century building, you really feel in the heart of historical Paris. You have access to the whole flat. I can help you with whatever request or tips you need - wether it is for restaurants, bars, museums or shops etc Close to metro line 4 and line 10 (Odéon) 
15909	Cette chambre est située au deuxième niveau d'un grand duplex, elle possède sa salle de bains privée. L'appartement style loft est au dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un très bel immeuble de Saint Germain des Prés.  L'immeuble est sécurisé : digicode, concierge et interphone. Le tarif est de 80 € pour une personne ou de 100 € pour deux personnes.	Room in the very heart of Paris : Saint Germain des Prés. Busy area with lots of restaurants, shops , galleries... But apartment is very quiet. 5 th (upper) floor with elevator. Private bathroom. Wifi, TV. Very large kitchen shared with host. Cette chambre est située au deuxième niveau d'un grand duplex, elle possède sa salle de bains privée. L'appartement style loft est au dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un très bel immeuble de Saint Germain des Prés.  L'immeuble est sécurisé : digicode, concierge et interphone. Le tarif est de 80 € pour une personne ou de 100 € pour deux personnes. Private bathroom, very large kitchen and living room. I don't fix breakfast but I provide tea, coffee, bread, butter, jam... You can use the fridge to store your own food. I love sharing experiences. Busy, central, loads of shops, eateries, restaurants, galleries, historical landmarks and museums are walking distance. Saint Germain des Près.
15910	On the 3rd floor with elevator of a nice building, discover the bright and charming 2 bedrooms apartment. It features an entry, a living room with sofa bed and dining area, two bedrooms with double beds, a bathroom with separated toilet. A perfect apartment for a family or friends stay in Paris.	Ideally located on a quiet street near the Shopping Rue de Rennes, the apartment is halfway between the Montparnasse district and the Luxembourg Garden. It features a living room, 2 cosy bedrooms, an equipped kitchen, a bathroom with separated toilet On the 3rd floor with elevator of a nice building, discover the bright and charming 2 bedrooms apartment. It features an entry, a living room with sofa bed and dining area, two bedrooms with double beds, a bathroom with separated toilet. A perfect apartment for a family or friends stay in Paris. Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV.  House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal to help you all along your stay Between Saint-Germain des Prés(Saint-Germain des Prés Church at 800m) and Montparnasse, the apartment is on a street parrallel to the shoo
15911	"Very central and near the very chic Saint-Germain-Des-Prés neighborhood, our charmfull appartment allows to the best possible experience of Paris.  Situated between the Montparnasse tower, the Invalides and the Luxembourg garden you enjoy all the charm of the ""left-shore"". The apartement is very bright, with nice furniture and well equiped with all the things you need (washing machine, dishwasher, ocen, microwave, TV, heating plates)"	"Near the very chic Saint-Germain-des-Près neighborhood, this flat offers you one of the best options to enjoy Paris your way ! Very central and near the very chic Saint-Germain-Des-Prés neighborhood, our charmfull appartment allows to the best possible experience of Paris.  Situated between the Montparnasse tower, the Invalides and the Luxembourg garden you enjoy all the charm of the ""left-shore"". The apartement is very bright, with nice furniture and well equiped with all the things you need (washing machine, dishwasher, ocen, microwave, TV, heating plates) Very central and near the very chic Saint-Germain-Des-Prés neighborhood, our charmfull appartment allows to the best possible experience of Paris.  Situated between the Montparnasse tower, the Invalides and the Luxembourg garden you enjoy all the charm of the ""left-shore"". With no less than four subway lines (phone number hidden)) , the apartment is very well situated in paris. You access the place easily from both paris airports t"
15912	This recently renovated space has newly refinished floors and freshly painted walls that accent the ancient roof beams. There are windows on both sides of the apartment so it's always filled with light and pleasant cross breezes. One side overlooks tree filled gardens and in the far distance you can see the top of the Eiffel Tower. The windows on the other side overlook the main courtyard, and in the distance you can see the bell towers of Notre Dame Cathedral. This simple but elegant space has a very comfortable and high quality Queen sofa bed. The high tech coffee table has wheels to roll out of the way.... and can be raised to make a desk work space... or even opened into a larger dining table. The leather chairs are complimented by additional folding garden chairs that are kept in the full size hanging closet. There are plenty of shelves and built-in drawers under the eves and when you want to sleep you can close the solid wood window shutters to completely darken the room. Equipme	"This is a very private and hidden gem. Tucked away under the roof eves of an historic ""Hôtel Particulier"" this recently renovated secret spot is filled with light, air, and silence. This recently renovated space has newly refinished floors and freshly painted walls that accent the ancient roof beams. There are windows on both sides of the apartment so it's always filled with light and pleasant cross breezes. One side overlooks tree filled gardens and in the far distance you can see the top of the Eiffel Tower. The windows on the other side overlook the main courtyard, and in the distance you can see the bell towers of Notre Dame Cathedral. This simple but elegant space has a very comfortable and high quality Queen sofa bed. The high tech coffee table has wheels to roll out of the way.... and can be raised to make a desk work space... or even opened into a larger dining table. The leather chairs are complimented by additional folding garden chairs that are kept in the full size hanging "
15913	APARTMENT INFORMATION: charming two-room flat, 25 square meters (269 feet square) apartment for a couple or 1 person (one bed for two) at the 4th floor (3rd floor in French) with elevator and a small balcony. NEIGHBORHOOD: This apartment is located in the very center of Paris. In the historical district «Quartier Latin» (the 5th district). Close to the historical Pantheon, the famous «Jardin du Luxembourg» and Notre-Dame and as well «La Rue Mouffetard», «Les Arènes de Lutèce» and «Le Jardin des Plantes». TRANSPORTS: Subways : «Cardinal Lemoine» (line 10) and «Jussieu» (line 7).  Buses : Line 86 (to Saint-Germain-des-Près), Line 47 (to Châtelet), Line 89 (to Montparnasse), Line 67 (to Louvre). Velib’ (biking self-service) : 3 stations in the area.  TWO ROOMS: 1. Main room with a bed for one or a couple, 1 Go bits Wifi, TV, Blu-Ray DVD, Hi-Fi, landing phone (free communications to Europe and the USA). Everything for bed provided (sheets, supplementary plaids...). 2. Small room / entrance	Very center of Paris - Clean - With elevator - Near Pantheon, Notre Dame, Luxembourg and Rue Mouffetard APARTMENT INFORMATION: charming two-room flat, 25 square meters (269 feet square) apartment for a couple or 1 person (one bed for two) at the 4th floor (3rd floor in French) with elevator and a small balcony. NEIGHBORHOOD: This apartment is located in the very center of Paris. In the historical district «Quartier Latin» (the 5th district). Close to the historical Pantheon, the famous «Jardin du Luxembourg» and Notre-Dame and as well «La Rue Mouffetard», «Les Arènes de Lutèce» and «Le Jardin des Plantes». TRANSPORTS: Subways : «Cardinal Lemoine» (line 10) and «Jussieu» (line 7).  Buses : Line 86 (to Saint-Germain-des-Près), Line 47 (to Châtelet), Line 89 (to Montparnasse), Line 67 (to Louvre). Velib’ (biking self-service) : 3 stations in the area.  TWO ROOMS: 1. Main room with a bed for one or a couple, 1 Go bits Wifi, TV, Blu-Ray DVD, Hi-Fi, landing phone (free communications to Euro
15914		Appartement double-exposition refait récemment, tout équipé et ayant gardé son cachet : immeuble 1840, mobilier ancien. Il est situé au cœur de Paris dans le quartier Latin à proximité du jardin du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, de Montparnasse.
15915	Au cœur de Saint Germain des Prés. Appartement typique sur 2 étages vue sur les toits. Très belle décoration de charme. Très bel immeuble. Possibilité de mettre plus de couchage car canapé convertible	    Très beau 3 pièces de 63 m2 au coeur  de Saint Germain des Prés. Proche du jardin du Luxembourg, charme,  typique, vue sur les toits de Paris ! Peut loger 3 personnes. Cuisine équipée, typique très calme, 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Superbe.    Au cœur de Saint Germain des Prés. Appartement typique sur 2 étages vue sur les toits. Très belle décoration de charme. Très bel immeuble. Possibilité de mettre plus de couchage car canapé convertible Accès à tout Serai présente à l'arrivée probablement et au départ Juste le plus beau quartier de Paris: Saint Germain des Prés Métro Odéon ou bus 87 ou 96 Il y a 5 étage à monter sans assesseur. l'appartement est lui même sur deux étages
15916	You are downton paris and the apartment is very quiet. this is very nice. 	The Flat 'La Mezzanine' is a very nice apartment for two, maximum four, persons. In the lower area, two people can sleep on a very comfortable sofa bed. It has a kitchen with stove, fridge, dishwasher etc. The dining table has seating for 6 people. You are downton paris and the apartment is very quiet. this is very nice.  The Guest has access to the entire flat.  the guest can call any time, should there be any questions. there are plenty of great restaurants around. saint germain is the nicest area of paris. there are 3 metro stations: pont neuf, odeon and saint michel. 
15917	Exceptional location, Ideal for those looking to get to know the very heart of Paris, this apartment is located in the highly sought-after area Saint Michel -Odéon, just by the Seine river in a lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums) DESCRIPTION In a XVII century building : - 4 rooms duplex penthouse 4th floor and 5th floor (top floor with stairs), 100 square meters (1055 sq feet), very sunny (double exposure) Very quiet in a small street  (all windows have double glazing) - 4th floor  : entrance, living room, dining room, toilet, kitchen (fully equipped : dishwasher, gas cooker / oven, kettle,   refrigerator/Freezer, Microwave, Toaster, steam cooker, food processor  - 5th floor : 2 rooms : 1 big room with a king size double-bed with air-conditioning, facing out to a courtyard, enabling you to sleep soundly after a busy day in Paris. WI FI, big Plasma HD TV with cable. DVD reader (hundreds of DVD's) - 1 smaller room with 2 separate beds  has an elec	Exceptional location, in the very heart of Paris, this apartment is located in the highly sought-after area Saint Michel -Odéon, just by the Seine river in a lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums) Exceptional location, Ideal for those looking to get to know the very heart of Paris, this apartment is located in the highly sought-after area Saint Michel -Odéon, just by the Seine river in a lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums) DESCRIPTION In a XVII century building : - 4 rooms duplex penthouse 4th floor and 5th floor (top floor with stairs), 100 square meters (1055 sq feet), very sunny (double exposure) Very quiet in a small street  (all windows have double glazing) - 4th floor  : entrance, living room, dining room, toilet, kitchen (fully equipped : dishwasher, gas cooker / oven, kettle,   refrigerator/Freezer, Microwave, Toaster, steam cooker, food processor  - 5th floor : 2 rooms : 1 big room with a king size 
15918	A unique view on the Eiffel tower, St Sulpice, St Germain des Prés, le Sacré Coeur and Notre Dame staying in your seat!	This typical Parisian studio is located on the last floor (with elevator) of a 17th century building, in the best area of Paris! It is the best option to visit the city and to be immersed in the heart of Paris history A unique view on the Eiffel tower, St Sulpice, St Germain des Prés, le Sacré Coeur and Notre Dame staying in your seat! All the studio, from the mezzanine bedroom to the kitchen will be yours. We are leaving a different appartement in the same building. We'll be delighted to share our best place in the area (restaurant...) if you wish... Located in Odéon, Paris most central and animated area. You'll love both its animated nightlife and the proximity of every touristic area, accessible at walking distance (Notre Dame,  Le Louvre, Parc du Luxembourg, Panthéon, Le Marais...) RER B & RER C - Saint Michel (350m) - Airport Line (Orly - CDG)  METRO line 4 and 10 - Odéon (100m)  Bus (phone number hidden) - Odéon (100m) The bedroom is a mansard-roofed mezzanine. It  does not allow
15919	Appartement typique, bohème, livres et dvd… Soleil et silence malgré l'animation de la rue…Immeuble paisible et sécurisé.  Vous avez la possibilité d'avoir internet (wifi), une télévision et un lecteur DVD.. Vous etes comme chez vous puisque seuls... Nous ne serons pas présents mais pourront communiquer avec vous par internet, téléphone et vous laisserons des contacts sur Paris Le quartier d'Hemingway, Jean Paul Sartre et tous les habitués du Dôme ou de la Coupole! Cafés, restaurants mais double vitrage au 5ème étage..Quartier animé et touristique. Promenades agréables dans le jardin du Luxembourg ou le cimetière Montparnasse Trois lignes de métro, la 4, la 6, la 13. De  nombreux bus (91, 82, 68) et plus encore à la gare Montparnasse à 7 minutes à pied Nous avons tout le confort mais l'appartement reste simple...	Appartement typique, bohème, livres et dvd… Soleil et silence malgré l'animation de la rue…Immeuble paisible et sécurisé.  Vous avez la possibilité d'avoir internet (wifi), une télévision et un lecteur DVD.. Vous etes comme chez vous puisque seuls... Nous ne serons pas présents mais pourront communiquer avec vous par internet, téléphone et vous laisserons des contacts sur Paris Le quartier d'Hemingway, Jean Paul Sartre et tous les habitués du Dôme ou de la Coupole! Cafés, restaurants mais double vitrage au 5ème étage..Quartier animé et touristique. Promenades agréables dans le jardin du Luxembourg ou le cimetière Montparnasse Trois lignes de métro, la 4, la 6, la 13. De  nombreux bus (91, 82, 68) et plus encore à la gare Montparnasse à 7 minutes à pied Nous avons tout le confort mais l'appartement reste simple...
15920	Really quiet apartment right in the center of Paris.	Large room in a quiet two bedroom apartment ideally located. Access to a fully equipped kitchen and a nice living room. Easy access to all public transports, bar, restaurants... Other room is occupied by me. A sweet cat lives here as well... Really quiet apartment right in the center of Paris. Access to the living room, the kitchen, the bathroom Close to many metro lines (phone number hidden)...)
15921	Located in Saint-Germain-des-Prés, famous novelist Victor Hugo used to live in this street.  you will have a quick and easy access to touristic and famous places such as the Louvre Museum, Orsay Museum, Notre Dame cathedral, Le Marais district, the Latin Quarter, afoot or by subway. You can also enjoy the nighlife, the various shops, restaurants and bars around. Located in ground floor, this bright apartment includes a kitchenette where you can find , a washing machine, a fridge, a microwave, a coffee maker and kitchenwares. A little salon with a sofa bed, a table and just above, a mezzannine with a double bed. High ceiling. The toilets are inside the bathrooms. The brightness of this apartment is possible thanks to the large windows. You will find any necessary element to enjoy your trip in Paris. You can easily reach the apartment by catching the metro with line 4 (Saint-Germain-Des-Prés station ) and line 10 (Mabillon station) Localisé au rez-de-chaussé, ce petit appartement lumineu	Located in ground floor, this bright apartment includes a kitchenette where you can find , a washing machine, a fridge, a microwave, a coffee maker and kitchenwares. A little salon with a bed sofa, a table and just above, a mezzannine with a double b Located in Saint-Germain-des-Prés, famous novelist Victor Hugo used to live in this street.  you will have a quick and easy access to touristic and famous places such as the Louvre Museum, Orsay Museum, Notre Dame cathedral, Le Marais district, the Latin Quarter, afoot or by subway. You can also enjoy the nighlife, the various shops, restaurants and bars around. Located in ground floor, this bright apartment includes a kitchenette where you can find , a washing machine, a fridge, a microwave, a coffee maker and kitchenwares. A little salon with a sofa bed, a table and just above, a mezzannine with a double bed. High ceiling. The toilets are inside the bathrooms. The brightness of this apartment is possible thanks to the large windows. You 
15922	Ce studio de 30m2 (6eme étage:avec ascenseur), pour 2 personnes bénéficie d'un emplacement au cœur de Paris! A deux pas de la Gare Montparnasse et à proximité du jardin du Luxembourg et des boutiques du boulevard Saint-Germain. Ce logement très lumineux est situé dans une des plus belles rue de la capitale. Vous trouverez grand nombre d'activités dans le quartier où se situe l'appartement. La chambre qui fait aussi office de séjour , est très lumineuse grâce à ses deux grandes fenêtres menant toutes deux sur un balcon vue sur la Tour Eiffel ainsi que sur la tour Montparnasse: le tout surplombant la rue de Rennes . Vous y trouverez un vrai lit 2 place ainsi qu'un coin salon avec une table basse ainsi que la télévision. La cuisine de ce cocon est équipé d'un four, d'un frigo, d'un grille pain, de plaques vitrocéramique, et de l'ensemble de la vaisselle à votre disposition. La salle de bain comporte une douche,un évier ainsi qu'une machine à laver. Je vous fournirai l'ensemble du linge de	Studio de 30m2, accueillant,lumineux et chaleureux! Ce logement peut accueillir deux personnes. Étant situé en plein cœur du 6eme arrondissement (rue de Rennes) à proximité de la Gare Montparnasse et du jardin du Luxembourg. 2 stations de métro sont également situées à deux pas de l'appartement. Ce studio de 30m2 (6eme étage:avec ascenseur), pour 2 personnes bénéficie d'un emplacement au cœur de Paris! A deux pas de la Gare Montparnasse et à proximité du jardin du Luxembourg et des boutiques du boulevard Saint-Germain. Ce logement très lumineux est situé dans une des plus belles rue de la capitale. Vous trouverez grand nombre d'activités dans le quartier où se situe l'appartement. La chambre qui fait aussi office de séjour , est très lumineuse grâce à ses deux grandes fenêtres menant toutes deux sur un balcon vue sur la Tour Eiffel ainsi que sur la tour Montparnasse: le tout surplombant la rue de Rennes . Vous y trouverez un vrai lit 2 place ainsi qu'un coin salon avec une table basse 
15923		"Ce ""one Bedroom"" est localisé dans le 6 ème arrondissement au centre de Paris entre Saint Germain, la Tour Eiffel et le quartier Montparnasse. Tout prêt du Grand magasin Le ""Bon marché"". le logement se situe au 2 ème étage avec ascenseur.  les hotes ont accès à tous les équipements de l'appartement Par mail et téléphone Quartier animé, pou découvrir la Tour Eiffel, les Invalides, le musée Orsay, les quais de seine, le Bon Marché, la Grande Epicerie.  Rue de Sèvres, rue de Rennes, bd Raspail, Quartier Saint-Germain-Des-Près et le Quartier Montparnasse Au pied de l'appartement se trouve:  La station de Métro ""Duroc"" ligne 10 et 13  La station des Bus 70 / 39 / 87                           Bus 89 / 28                            Bus 92 / 82       TouT Paris sera TouT simplement accessible"
15924	The rue Mazarine is one of the choicest streets in the heart of the Left Bank's historical district.  At the end of the street is a beautiful view of the dome of the Collège de France, where the play of light on its partially gilded form lifts it above the surrounding buildings to become a focal point. Almost perpendicular is the rue de Buci, known for its irresistible food shops and markets, which account for the area's village atmosphere, despite its central Paris location.  For those too burdened with luscious groceries to climb the two flights of stairs, an elevator takes you to this 40 square meter apartment with its well designed, functional layout. The living/dining room area looks out onto a large, quiet, and airy courtyard full of healthy plants, impeccably cared for by the on-site gardienne (the politically correct term for the concierge we all know from old French films) The owners worked with the interior designer, playing off their taste for pure lines in decor and solid o	Cozy 1 bedroom on the Historic Rue Mazarine in the heart of St Germain, only 2 blocks to the Louvre! The rue Mazarine is one of the choicest streets in the heart of the Left Bank's historical district.  At the end of the street is a beautiful view of the dome of the Collège de France, where the play of light on its partially gilded form lifts it above the surrounding buildings to become a focal point. Almost perpendicular is the rue de Buci, known for its irresistible food shops and markets, which account for the area's village atmosphere, despite its central Paris location.  For those too burdened with luscious groceries to climb the two flights of stairs, an elevator takes you to this 40 square meter apartment with its well designed, functional layout. The living/dining room area looks out onto a large, quiet, and airy courtyard full of healthy plants, impeccably cared for by the on-site gardienne (the politically correct term for the concierge we all know from old French films) The 
15925	The flat is a bright, newly refurbished 1-bedroom with 4 big windows and stylish, modern decor. Sleeps 4 with a bedroom with a real queen-size bed + a double sofa bed in the living room. Fully-equipped kitchen, living room with dining table, and modern bathroom.  Very quiet flat in inner courtyard but 5 seconds from the vibrancy of the Luxembourg area. 	The flat is a bright, newly refurbished 1-bedroom with 4 big windows and stylish, modern decor. Sleeps 4 with a bedroom with a real queen-size bed + a double sofa bed in the living room. Fully-equipped kitchen, living room with dining table, and modern bathroom.  Very quiet flat in inner courtyard but 5 seconds from the vibrancy of the Luxembourg area.  You have access to everything in the flat- make yourself at home!  Kitchen: Dish washer Washing machine Microwave, stovetop + oven Bar table and stools Bathroom: Modern walk-in shower Towel dryer Hair dryer Living room: Fire place Sofa bed Dining room table with seating for 6  Bedroom: Queen-size bed Wie-screen TV (easy to connect to your laptop) Built-in closets Other: Wifi Iron I'm very happy to meet guests to show them the flat and the beautiful neighbourhood.  Don't miss the famous Jardin de Luxembourg, perhaps the most-loved park in Paris for runners, sunseekers, and picnickers. Also find time to stroll to St. Germain des Prés and 
15926	This is the typical parisian apartment, composed of two rooms. The first room includes a kitchen (microwave, refrigerator), a table and a sofabed. The second room is composed of a large bed for two persons, a bookcase, and many storages space. There are also separated toilets and a bathroom. The set mixed an ancient style and a rather minimalist style: curtains in linens, bathroom and closet hidden by panels of sliding wood, bookcase, a wooden flooring, a beautiful height sub-ceiling of 3m20, spotlights, etc. 	"This charming apartment is situated in the heart of Paris. It is in the center of the ""quartier latin"", the recognized intellectual and student neighbourhood, in a little picturesque street, near the junction of Boulevards St Michel and St Germain This is the typical parisian apartment, composed of two rooms. The first room includes a kitchen (microwave, refrigerator), a table and a sofabed. The second room is composed of a large bed for two persons, a bookcase, and many storages space. There are also separated toilets and a bathroom. The set mixed an ancient style and a rather minimalist style: curtains in linens, bathroom and closet hidden by panels of sliding wood, bookcase, a wooden flooring, a beautiful height sub-ceiling of 3m20, spotlights, etc. Every access are availables for tenants. The neighbourhood is very lively due to many restaurants and students. Very nearby the apartment, there are a lot of shops and historical monuments: the Sorbonne at 5 min on foot, the museum of Mi"
15927	"Parisian roofs, lot of light, quietness, ancient warm parquet , the charm of the old romantic Parisian nest at the last floor of a beautiful building, its exclusive position between the Saint Germain church, Saint Sulpice church and the famous Marche’…. Theses the main characteristics of this flat that is not modern, is simply decorated and is waiting for guests who love the true Paris. A separated kitchen with a table, a bathroom with a small bathtub, a living with a sofa bed and a comfortable desk/dining table, a big wardrobe in the entrance, internet Wi-Fi, cable TV, and other facilities will make your stay comfortable. Saint Germain de Près: the famous “Cafes Literaires”, the church of Saint Sulpice, the Quartier Latin, the wonderful Luxembourg gardens, the Odeon theater and plenty of narrow delicious streets… This is what the most famous and trendy area of Paris offers to its visitors. To walk among the fancy shops, to visit the bookstalls (the ""bouquinistes"") along the banks of t"	"Parisian roofs, lot of light, quietness, ancient warm parquet , the charm of the old romantic Parisian nest at the last floor of a beautiful building, its exclusive position between the Saint Germain church, Saint Sulpice church and the famous Marche’…. Theses the main characteristics of this flat that is not modern, is simply decorated and is waiting for guests who love the true Paris. A separated kitchen with a table, a bathroom with a small bathtub, a living with a sofa bed and a comfortable desk/dining table, a big wardrobe in the entrance, internet Wi-Fi, cable TV, and other facilities will make your stay comfortable. Saint Germain de Près: the famous “Cafes Literaires”, the church of Saint Sulpice, the Quartier Latin, the wonderful Luxembourg gardens, the Odeon theater and plenty of narrow delicious streets… This is what the most famous and trendy area of Paris offers to its visitors. To walk among the fancy shops, to visit the bookstalls (the ""bouquinistes"") along the banks of t"
15928	Studio INCLUDING AN ENTRANCE MAIN ROOM WITH OPEN KITCHEN, BATHROOM with WC and SLEEPING LOFT. Cupboards. PRICE: € 400 / week. This is a studio on the first floor of a beautiful old building. It is accessible Odeon metro or RER B: Saint Michel or Luxembourg, or RER C ST MICHEL, and is located a few meters from the Luxembourg Gardens, the Theatre de l'Odeon, the Boulevard Saint Germain, the Saint Michel, the Pantheon and the Sorbonne. Recently renovated, with a ceiling height of 3.80 m, where the bed accessed by a staircase. It is equipped with a TV, Wifi, storage, iron, kettle, crockery ... Open bathroom with toilet and shower. A laundry room is located just down the apartment. The apartment is pleasant and good for two ... or two people with a child. Smokers are allowed.	En plein coeur de Saint Germain des Prés, studio au 1 er étage avec couchage (vrai lit) en mezzanine et comprenant: une pièce principale, une cuisine ouverte, une salle d'eau avec WC suspendu, un escalier qui mène au couchage chaleureux. Studio INCLUDING AN ENTRANCE MAIN ROOM WITH OPEN KITCHEN, BATHROOM with WC and SLEEPING LOFT. Cupboards. PRICE: € 400 / week. This is a studio on the first floor of a beautiful old building. It is accessible Odeon metro or RER B: Saint Michel or Luxembourg, or RER C ST MICHEL, and is located a few meters from the Luxembourg Gardens, the Theatre de l'Odeon, the Boulevard Saint Germain, the Saint Michel, the Pantheon and the Sorbonne. Recently renovated, with a ceiling height of 3.80 m, where the bed accessed by a staircase. It is equipped with a TV, Wifi, storage, iron, kettle, crockery ... Open bathroom with toilet and shower. A laundry room is located just down the apartment. The apartment is pleasant and good for two ... or two people with a child. S
15929	AMENITIES: -Charming apartment with traditional Parisian features -Centrally located – close to the Saint Germain des Pres, The Louvre, Notre Dame -Washer/dryer and hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Metro : Odeon (Lines 4 and 10) This 60sqm apartment is located on the first floor of a charming Parisian residential building. This apartment has beautiful Parisian architecture with all the comforts of home. Beautiful high-beamed ceilings really offer you the true Parisian apartment experience. On entering, you are greeted by a spacious hallway from which you can access the master bedroom with a large double bed that is towards the rear of the property away from the street ensuring a peaceful nights sleep. The master bedroom also benefits from a spacious closet so that during your stay you can truly settle in, put that suitcase away for a while and make yourself at home! Through the master bedroom you have access to the bathroom. The modern bathroom has a spaci	6th Arrondissement St Germain des Pres Apartment 1 Bedroom, 1 Living Room, 1 Kitchen, 1 Bathroom, 1 Separate Water Closet, Sleeps 4 AMENITIES: -Charming apartment with traditional Parisian features -Centrally located – close to the Saint Germain des Pres, The Louvre, Notre Dame -Washer/dryer and hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Metro : Odeon (Lines 4 and 10) This 60sqm apartment is located on the first floor of a charming Parisian residential building. This apartment has beautiful Parisian architecture with all the comforts of home. Beautiful high-beamed ceilings really offer you the true Parisian apartment experience. On entering, you are greeted by a spacious hallway from which you can access the master bedroom with a large double bed that is towards the rear of the property away from the street ensuring a peaceful nights sleep. The master bedroom also benefits from a spacious closet so that during your stay you can truly settle in, put that suitcase awa
15930		Second floor. Nice studio apartment in great location just next to St Germain des Pres Station. Faces interior... calm away from street noise, 2/F walk up no elevator- exposed ceiling b
15931	Cosy flat ideally located in the center of Paris, perfect if you want to visit the city. It is made up with functional and fully equipped kitchen and bathroom, a cosy living-room and a comfortable bedroom. All the furnitures are new.	Cosy Flat ideally located in the center of Paris, 100 meters from Duroc subway station (2 lines).
15932		Petite Chambre située dans les grattes-ciel parisiens ; dans un magnifique batiment  Haussmanien dans le 6ème arrondissement. Petite mais pratique, elle accueille 2 personnes sportives de préférence car il faudra affronter 7 étages. 
15933	"Wonderful large flat,. Perfect for couples, friends or a single person, this apartment has all comforts for a pleasant stay. The apartment is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris  Located in a nice living area, with many restaurants  and lot of groceries store and supermarket down the street.  The subway stations are  ""Saint Sulpice"" ""Saint Placide"" or ""Rennes""  on line 4 or 10 its only 2 minutes by walk, very near there is also a Vélib station.  The bus lines is 83 at the bottom of the building and 89 at 100m. It's located nearby famous area called ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", garden of the ""Sénat"" where you can do jogging and spend time,  The apartment is located in a parisian typical building and the access is by digital code. On 1th floor with elevator. It's Bright apartment of 96m2 with a bathroom, bath and sink,toilets. Second Toilets are separate. In the kitchen dinning table for 4 with a fridge and a freezer and hotplates, utensils and crockery, washing machines. One  Bedroom "	"Calme, Charme, Confort, Classe Immeuble 18ème, 1 er étage, grand 3 pièces 96 m2. Entrée, WC, Cuisine équipée, Beau Séjour : parquet, cheminée, boiseries, 1 chambre lit 160, 1 très grande chambre lit 140 sur jardin, dressing, (website hidden) bains avec WC Wonderful large flat,. Perfect for couples, friends or a single person, this apartment has all comforts for a pleasant stay. The apartment is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris  Located in a nice living area, with many restaurants  and lot of groceries store and supermarket down the street.  The subway stations are  ""Saint Sulpice"" ""Saint Placide"" or ""Rennes""  on line 4 or 10 its only 2 minutes by walk, very near there is also a Vélib station.  The bus lines is 83 at the bottom of the building and 89 at 100m. It's located nearby famous area called ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", garden of the ""Sénat"" where you can do jogging and spend time,  The apartment is located in a parisian typical building and the access is by digital code. On "
15934	CUTE STUDIO APARTMENT, THAT CAN SLEEP 4 EASILY! WELL EQUIPPED WITH ALL KITCHEN  UTENSILS AND EQUIPMENT. TOWELS, SHEETS PROVIDED. 	GREAT STUDIO APARTMENT, ONE BLOCK AWAY FROM ODEON, RIGHT ON ST.GERMAIN DES PRES!  THE AREA COULD NOT BE BETTER, JARDIN DE LUXEMBOURG ON YOUR RIGHT, AND RUE DE SEINE ON YOUR LEFT. WALKING DISTANCE TO RIGHT BANK, CATHEDRAL, MUSEE DORSEY AND LATIN AREA CUTE STUDIO APARTMENT, THAT CAN SLEEP 4 EASILY! WELL EQUIPPED WITH ALL KITCHEN  UTENSILS AND EQUIPMENT. TOWELS, SHEETS PROVIDED. EVERYTHING IN THE APARTMENT AT YOUR DISPOSAL GREAT AREA, ST.GERMAIN DES PRES LINED WITH SHOPS, CAFES AND RESTAURANTS. LOTS OF MOVIE THEATERS ON ODEON, JARDIN DES LUXEMBOURG, A FEW MINUTES AWAY. RUE DE SEINE, LINED WITH ART GALLERIES AND SHOPS. COULD NOT BE IN A BETTER AREA. ACCESSIBLE TO ALL. METRO 4 TO ODEON
15935	The apartment is fully furnished and newly renovated with a great taste. You'll find everything you need for a comfortable and memorable stay : Surface area: 40m2 Living room – Dining room Furnished living area with a Kingsize sofa-bed (high level of comfort: 2m x 2m), easy to use – open with only one hand, nothing to move. Full Bathroom with toilet	In the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres, in a typical 17th century Parisian building, you will find this exceptional 40m² studio, where you will feel the novelists’ passion of Paris left bank. The apartment is fully furnished and newly renovated with a great taste. You'll find everything you need for a comfortable and memorable stay : Surface area: 40m2 Living room – Dining room Furnished living area with a Kingsize sofa-bed (high level of comfort: 2m x 2m), easy to use – open with only one hand, nothing to move. Full Bathroom with toilet - internet -Tv Cable - washing machine / tumble-dryer - fully-equipped kitchen  - wash dishes - linen (sheets, towels) I'm sure this apartment situated right in Saint Germain des Près area will allow you to spend an enjoyable and memorable time in Paris. If you have any questions about the flat, the neighbourhood or Airbnb do not hesitate to contact me :) I would be reachable at any moment during your stay. The well-known Da Vinci Code intrigue took pl
15936	L'appartement est situe dans un viel immeuble TYPIQUE DE ST GERMAIN entièrement restauré et bien entretenu. Il est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur.	"Au plein coeur du Paris chic et glamour dans une petite rue entourée de restaurants et boutiques, vous logez dans un immeuble du 17ème authentique. Les poutres apparentes et la décoration charmante très parisienne vont vous séduire immédiatement. L'appartement est situe dans un viel immeuble TYPIQUE DE ST GERMAIN entièrement restauré et bien entretenu. Il est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Vous disposez d'une chambre avec un lit double pour 2 adultes et un canapé lit dans le salon pour 1 adulte (ou 2 enfants). L'appartement fait en tout 30m2 avec 2 grandes fenêtres doubles. Le quartier est animé le soir avec ses restaurants et bars et est apprécié par un mix de Parisiens et de voyageurs de tout âge. Le jardin de Luxembourg est le paradis des promeneurs et Joggers à 5 min. à Pied. Le marche St. Germain, avec sa jolie ambiance et son étalage des produits frais est à 2 min. Metro Saint Sulpice et Mabillon et Saint Germain des Près. Vous allez apprécier le coté ""cosy""de l'aménagement complé"
15937		Cosy appartment in the heart of Saint Germain des près/ Odeon Paris:  - One bed in the bedroom - One sofa-bed in the living room - Kitchen and wc fully equiped 10 minutes walk from Notre Dame, Le louvre, Saint Michel, etc.
15938	This brand new trendy studio is a great location for your stay in Paris: it will only take you 5 minutes to walk to Saint-Germain-des-Prés or to Saint Michel and Notre-Dame-de-Paris (make it 10 for le Louvre). In the heart of the 6th district of Paris, the apartment, fully renovated in 2013, is located Rue Saint-André-des-Arts, well-known for its great parisian pedestrian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, cafés and cinemas. This 20sqm apartment offers, a fully equipped kitchen, a washing-machine in the bathroom, a bathroom, Internet connection - wifi, and is located on the 3rd floor. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Perfect for 2, you can also sleep 3 with one kid.  	This brand new trendy studio is a great location for your stay in Paris: it will only take you 5 minutes to walk to Saint-Germain-des-Prés or to Saint Michel and Notre-Dame-de-Paris (make it 10 for le Louvre). In the heart of the 6th district of Paris, the apartment, fully renovated in 2013, is located Rue Saint-André-des-Arts, well-known for its great parisian pedestrian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, cafés and cinemas. This 20sqm apartment offers, a fully equipped kitchen, a washing-machine in the bathroom, a bathroom, Internet connection - wifi, and is located on the 3rd floor. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Perfect for 2, you can also sleep 3 with one kid.  
15939		Studio entièrement refait à neuf avec toutes les commodités (grand écran, wifi, four, lave linge). Le logement se trouve à 2 min à pied du jardin du Luxembourg.
15940	Beautiful, clean, bright, big studio with a nice view of St Sulpice church tower in a very well maintained secure building with Guardien & well kept private garden.	Lovely, bright, clean studio in one of the most prestigious streets of St Germain des Près with designer shops including Louboutin, Céline & Sergio Rossi! Spacious lift & nice view.
15941	Bel appartement ancien au coeur du quartier latin à Paris dans le 6ème arrondissement, métro Odeon à 5 mn, RER Luxembourg à 3 mn, nombreuses stations de bus. 90 m² : grand salon, 2 chambres et 1 bureau.  Calme (fond de cour) et lumineux (4ème étage). Bien équipé : 2 TVs, lecteur DVD, internet haut débit, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver.	Bel appartement ancien au coeur du quartier latin à Paris dans le 6ème arrondissement, métro Odeon à 5 mn, RER Luxembourg à 3 mn, nombreuses stations de bus. 90 m² : grand salon, 2 chambres et 1 bureau.  Calme (fond de cour) et lumineux (4ème étage). Bien équipé : 2 TVs, lecteur DVD, internet haut débit, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver.
15942	You will be 1 minute walking distance from the Luxembourg garden, St Germain des pres is a 10minuts walk, and montparnasse 2 minuts. You will have access to the entire flat, fully equiped, with WIFI, TV, music, and equiped kitchen. I will welcome you upon arrival and will make sure everything is fine before letting you enjoy the flat. (For one month: only August)	Charming and really calm furnished studio in the hearth of the 6th arrondissement of Paris. It is located on a quiet street, 1 minute walking from
15943	On a quiet street in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Près, this 600 square foot apartment is full of Parisian charm. The apartment features two bedrooms—one with a queen-sized bed, one with a single bed—and has a large modern bathroom with a bathtub/shower.  The large, American kitchen is fully equipped for cooking, and looks over a cozy salon. The hardwood floors and stone fireplace create a peaceful ambiance in the space. Indeed, the apartment, which looks over an interior courtyard, is practically silent. 	On a quiet street in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Près, this 600 square foot apartment is full of Parisian charm. On a quiet street in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Près, this 600 square foot apartment is full of Parisian charm. The apartment features two bedrooms—one with a queen-sized bed, one with a single bed—and has a large modern bathroom with a bathtub/shower.  The large, American kitchen is fully equipped for cooking, and looks over a cozy salon. The hardwood floors and stone fireplace create a peaceful ambiance in the space. Indeed, the apartment, which looks over an interior courtyard, is practically silent. The unit is independent, so all kitchen equipment, wifi, phone, tv, etc. will be at your disposition. We'll be there to greet you upon your arrival with the keys and instructions. We'll also remain available for support throughout your stay.  The apartment is in Saint-Germain-des-Prés, just few minutes away from the rue de Buci. The neighborhood typifies Paris at large
15944	Excellent location, central and also near all Paris can offer. Notre Dame is down the Boulevard St (website hidden) Germain is a few mns walk. Le Louvre on the other side of the river. Walking distances. Very cosy and pleasant atmosphere flat spacious  to offer a good rest after visits.  After taking the lift, a corridor to enter the flat, opening on a bedroom to the right, a living room at the end and on the left, a bathroom and a kitchen. 	"A lovely spot in the best part of the 6th and St Germain. Very near the Latin Quarter, and  St Germain, a few steps to Notre Dame, and Le Louvre, you have a fantastic space to be ""at home"" in Paris. The apartment is well equipped and quiet.  Excellent location, central and also near all Paris can offer. Notre Dame is down the Boulevard St (website hidden) Germain is a few mns walk. Le Louvre on the other side of the river. Walking distances. Very cosy and pleasant atmosphere flat spacious  to offer a good rest after visits.  After taking the lift, a corridor to enter the flat, opening on a bedroom to the right, a living room at the end and on the left, a bathroom and a kitchen.  RER from Gare du Nord, Charles de Gaulle Airport or Orly is a few steps away at St Michel. permanent communication through emails or telephone. Keys upon arrival.  wonderful neighborhood, in the middle of Latin Quarter, and a few steps from St Germain.  Sorbonne University, Musée de Cluny, Notre Dame, Chatelet,"
15945	Superb Loft in the center of Saint Germain des pros. Perfect area for this who like literature, arts and culture. Moreover there is a lot of important important things near so can you visit Paris by walk directly from the apartment. Be careful for huge person, the mezzanine have a low roof (1,30m). This suitable cocoon in center of Paris Superbe appartement de type Loft en plein coeur de Saint Germain des prés. Attention aux grandes personnes: la mezzanine a une hauteur sous plafond de 1,30m. Un canapé lit avec un vrai matelas de 14cm bultex est également disponible dans le salon.	Superb Loft in the center of Saint Germain des pros. Perfect area for this who like literature, arts and culture. Moreover there is a lot of important important things near so can you visit Paris by walk directly from the apartment. Be careful for huge person, the mezzanine have a low roof (1,30m). This suitable cocoon in center of Paris Superbe appartement de type Loft en plein coeur de Saint Germain des prés. Attention aux grandes personnes: la mezzanine a une hauteur sous plafond de 1,30m. Un canapé lit avec un vrai matelas de 14cm bultex est également disponible dans le salon. Jardins du Luxembourg Odeon Montparnasse La Sorbonne Saint Germain des Près Metro line 4, 10, 12
15946	"Charming 1 bedroom apt in one of Paris most sought for locations. Located rue Vavin, only 2 minutes from the Jardin du Luxembourg as well as the heart of Montparnasse and 5 minutes from Saint Germain des Prés.  1st floor (one flight up), no lift, just perfect for 2 people.  Very quiet, it includes a living room/dining room, fully equiped open kitchen (réfrigérator, freezer, dish washer, washing machine, oven, micro wave oven, expresso coffee maker, coffee pot, etc...), bedroom with ""Queen size"" bed and large closet, bath room with large shower cabinet and window. The dining room area confortably suits 4 people.  Living room with large leather sofa, HD TV, cable, radio, CD, Internet, Wi-Fi and téléphone with free calls up to 100 international destinations.  The surroundings are very lively with many restaurants, bistros, bars, and food shopping stores (bakery, fruit and vegetables and a small supermarket) .  Movies and stage theaters at walking distance (2 minutes).  Le Bon Marché and t"	"Charming 1 bedroom apt in one of Paris most sought for locations. Located rue Vavin, only 2 minutes from the Jardin du Luxembourg as well as the heart of Montparnasse and 5 minutes from Saint Germain des Prés.  1st floor (one flight up), no lift, just perfect for 2 people.  Very quiet, it includes a living room/dining room, fully equiped open kitchen (réfrigérator, freezer, dish washer, washing machine, oven, micro wave oven, expresso coffee maker, coffee pot, etc...), bedroom with ""Queen size"" bed and large closet, bath room with large shower cabinet and window. The dining room area confortably suits 4 people.  Living room with large leather sofa, HD TV, cable, radio, CD, Internet, Wi-Fi and téléphone with free calls up to 100 international destinations.  The surroundings are very lively with many restaurants, bistros, bars, and food shopping stores (bakery, fruit and vegetables and a small supermarket) .  Movies and stage theaters at walking distance (2 minutes).  Le Bon Marché and t"
15947	Very quiet and comfortable flat, who can welcome 6 persons. It has all the modern comfort, with a large screen tv, a great living room and dining room...! It is located on the 3rd floor, and the building has an elevator.	This is a really nice, modern apartment (100 m2), located in the middle of the Saint-Germain des Prés district. It is fully furnished with two double-bedrooms, a bathroom and toilets, a kitchen, a great living room and dining room, Internet...! Very quiet and comfortable flat, who can welcome 6 persons. It has all the modern comfort, with a large screen tv, a great living room and dining room...! It is located on the 3rd floor, and the building has an elevator. The flat is in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés, but is still very quiet. It is close to the subway Saint-Germain des Prés (2 minutes by feet).
15948	Parquet flooring, high ceiling, plants, harmony.	Nice family rents two rooms in a lounge suite. The flat is lively and extremely well located close to the Luxembourg garden in the Montparnasse/Saint-Germain district. You will also be able to concentrate to work and to rest.
15949		Very quiet and bright flat between Saint-Germain-des-Prés and Church of Saint-Sulpice, close to the subway and bus. One bedroom for two adults and a sofa bed (for two) in the living room. Separate kitchen. The area is really living and trendy.
15950		A very comfortable studio located a few steps far from the Jardin du Luxembourg and well deserved by the main metro lines. The apartment is great for two persons and has a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom on the rooftops of Paris. Hope you'll enjoy it ! 
15951	I rent my beautiful apartment in a renovated typical 17th century building in the center of Paris The place is in a beautiful typical building in the 6th arrondissement, which is known as the best neighborhood in Paris for all it's cultural place, restaurants and cafe. The place is very sunny as it has very high cellings with high windows, it is very tastly decorated. - The living room has a couch, a flat screen TV with DVD player and a high quality hifi system. - The modern American style kitchen is equiped with a dishwasher, a Nespresso machine, induction cooker, a oven, fridge and freezer, washing machine, etc... - The very confortable room has a high quality king size bed and is surrounded with elegancy by a library, the room has a courtyard view that makes it very quiet - The marble bathroom is very functional and a flat heater always leaves the towels dry and hot The apartment has a high speed internet access and more than 300 channels (channels in all langage). The district is k	I rent my beautiful apartment in a renovated typical 17th century building in the center of Paris The place is in a beautiful typical building in the 6th arrondissement, which is known as the best neighborhood in Paris for all it's cultural place, restaurants and cafe. The place is very sunny as it has very high cellings with high windows, it is very tastly decorated. - The living room has a couch, a flat screen TV with DVD player and a high quality hifi system. - The modern American style kitchen is equiped with a dishwasher, a Nespresso machine, induction cooker, a oven, fridge and freezer, washing machine, etc... - The very confortable room has a high quality king size bed and is surrounded with elegancy by a library, the room has a courtyard view that makes it very quiet - The marble bathroom is very functional and a flat heater always leaves the towels dry and hot The apartment has a high speed internet access and more than 300 channels (channels in all langage). The district is k
15952	The apartment is about 30 square meters, with one big room (sofa bed, high-speed wi-fi) and a fully equipped kitchen (fridge+separate freezer, oven, dish washer, nespresso machine etc...) and a bathroom. It is charming with exposed beam ceiling and nice floor tiles. Very cosy decoration.   It is ideally located in the hub of the old Paris (Rue des Grands Augustins), 2 minutes walking distance from Notre Dame, another 2 minutes from Mabillon, two minutes from Odeon, and one minute from St Michel, 8 minutes walk from le louvres and Chatelet. The street, connecting the banks to Rue Saint Andre des Arts  is very quiet so you can perfectly rest after a long night of entertainment! Many restaurants, bars and clubs. For the most cerebral of you it is still a neighbourhood with movie theatres, book stores and antique shops. Easy to commute in other parts of Paris with metro line 4 and 10 right across the street. Line 7 on the other side of the bridge. I can come bring you the keys, give you a 	Grand Studio de 30 m2, charmant et très confortable, situé en plein coeur de Paris, sur la Seine, entre St Germain des Près et St Michel. Très chaleureux, décoré avec goût dans un esprit rétro vintage. Salle de bain et cuisine séparée. Tout équipé! The apartment is about 30 square meters, with one big room (sofa bed, high-speed wi-fi) and a fully equipped kitchen (fridge+separate freezer, oven, dish washer, nespresso machine etc...) and a bathroom. It is charming with exposed beam ceiling and nice floor tiles. Very cosy decoration.   It is ideally located in the hub of the old Paris (Rue des Grands Augustins), 2 minutes walking distance from Notre Dame, another 2 minutes from Mabillon, two minutes from Odeon, and one minute from St Michel, 8 minutes walk from le louvres and Chatelet. The street, connecting the banks to Rue Saint Andre des Arts  is very quiet so you can perfectly rest after a long night of entertainment! Many restaurants, bars and clubs. For the most cerebral of you it 
15953	20m2 modern and new flat. With nice and big kitchen and bathroom. Two big windows let the sun to illuminate the space.	"I offer a modern flat in the 6th ""arrondissement"" of Paris. Between the luxurious Bon Marché and the Montparnasse Tower, this flat offers the perfect connexion for traveling around Paris. For a maximun of 2 persons in a calm and great ""quartier"". 20m2 modern and new flat. With nice and big kitchen and bathroom. Two big windows let the sun to illuminate the space. The 6ème arrondissement is one of the chicest neighborhood of Paris. Really calm and nice, you wont have any problem walking around at night. With lots of little cafés and typical restaurants all around the flat is located, this part of Paris makes the delights of the visitors. We are in the center of Paris! For just 15-20 minutes walking most of the interesting monuments of the city can be reached, such as Musée d'Orsay, Musée du Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Jardin de Luxembourg... There is though a explendid subway connection, with 3 stations surrounding the falt offering lots of moving possibilities."
15954	Appartement idéalement placé, à deux pas de la fontaine Saint-Michel et de Notre-Dame. Quartier animé et recherché mais appartement calme, donnant sur cour.  Un lit double et un grand canapé-lit permet de loger 4 personnes au maximum. Merci de prévoir des sacs de couchage pour le canapé-lit.  Tout équipé, WI-FI, télévision avec Bein Sports, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle.	Grand studio de 34m2 donnant sur cour, calme et très bien placé, à deux pas de la fontaine Saint-Michel et du métro. Un lit double et un canapé-lit permettent de loger 4 personnes au maximum.  Cuisine équipée, salle de bains et WC séparés.   Appartement idéalement placé, à deux pas de la fontaine Saint-Michel et de Notre-Dame. Quartier animé et recherché mais appartement calme, donnant sur cour.  Un lit double et un grand canapé-lit permet de loger 4 personnes au maximum. Merci de prévoir des sacs de couchage pour le canapé-lit.  Tout équipé, WI-FI, télévision avec Bein Sports, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle. Quartier en plein coeur de Paris, et de ses quais de Seine. La place Saint-Michel (à 30 secondes de l'appartement) offre une très jolie perspective à l'est sur Notre-Dame, en face sur le Palais de Justice et à l'ouest sur le Louvre.  Ligne 4 Saint-Michel (1min de l'appartement) Ligne 4 et 10 Odéon (à 5min). 
15955	Bright 2 bedroom apartment on the 3rd floor (French floors) of a lively street. A large sitting-room cum dining-room and the larger bedroom overlook the street while the smaller bedroom, the kitchen, the bathroom (tub and shower) and wc are on the other side of a corridor equipped with closets. The decoration is classic French, with family furniture which give it a special and cosy atmosphere. And for those of you who love books, there are hundreds of them, both in English and French!	This apartment is where I spent my childhood so it has lots of happy memories and family items that make its atmosphere cosy and warm. The street is very lively in the daytime but exquisitely quiet at night. The location is ideal to discover Paris. Bright 2 bedroom apartment on the 3rd floor (French floors) of a lively street. A large sitting-room cum dining-room and the larger bedroom overlook the street while the smaller bedroom, the kitchen, the bathroom (tub and shower) and wc are on the other side of a corridor equipped with closets. The decoration is classic French, with family furniture which give it a special and cosy atmosphere. And for those of you who love books, there are hundreds of them, both in English and French! Everything, except 2 closets containing personal items. Lots of space anyway to put your own things. We live on the same street so we're very easy to reach and available.  I've always lived in this area so I know it by heart and will be delighted to help you ma
15956	The decoration is simple and comfy. The kitchen is open on the living room and it is completely equipped with mini oven, kettle, washing machine and everything for cooking, you just have to bring your luggages. The living/bedroom includes couch, Tv, dining table and you have area with a double bed and storage space . The bathroom is simple, modern and effective with a wide shower. Toilets are not separated. Very safe access with several doors and access by code. The flat is on the 5th floor, communal area well maintained.	This typical  one bedroom apartment of 35m2 can fit up to 2 people and offers a large range of amenities you may need. Located in a very quiet building. The decoration is simple and comfy. The kitchen is open on the living room and it is completely equipped with mini oven, kettle, washing machine and everything for cooking, you just have to bring your luggages. The living/bedroom includes couch, Tv, dining table and you have area with a double bed and storage space . The bathroom is simple, modern and effective with a wide shower. Toilets are not separated. Very safe access with several doors and access by code. The flat is on the 5th floor, communal area well maintained. Very safe access with several doors and access by code. The flat is on the 5th floor, communal area well maintained. If you have any problems in your apartment during your stay, we have an operational team who can help you in the shortest time. Very well located on the famous popular pedestrianised area in the first q
15957	This charming studio provides an optimized arrangement and has an elegant decoration. Fully-equipped, it is functional and pleasant. Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, you will have many places to discover. This is an old but high class building. The apartment is situated on the 4th floor. With its optimized layout, this well located studio offers the necessities for 2 people. It has a kitchen equipped with hot plates, a fridge and a microwave. Nicely decorated and bathed with light, the main room has a 120 cm sofa bed, a desk, and built-in storage spaces but it also has a flat screen TV.  The bathroom is accessible from the living room. The bathroom is equipped with a shower tub and WC.The bathroom is accessible from the living room. The bathroom is equipped with a shower tub and WC. The Latin Quarter’s bookstores, publishers and cafés are frequented by the students of the universities located in the neighborhood. The sidewalks of Saint Germain carry the marks of bohemian and 	This charming studio provides an optimized arrangement and has an elegant decoration. Fully-equipped, it is functional and pleasant. Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, you will have many places to discover. This is an old but high class building. The apartment is situated on the 4th floor. With its optimized layout, this well located studio offers the necessities for 2 people. It has a kitchen equipped with hot plates, a fridge and a microwave. Nicely decorated and bathed with light, the main room has a 120 cm sofa bed, a desk, and built-in storage spaces but it also has a flat screen TV.  The bathroom is accessible from the living room. The bathroom is equipped with a shower tub and WC.The bathroom is accessible from the living room. The bathroom is equipped with a shower tub and WC. The Latin Quarter’s bookstores, publishers and cafés are frequented by the students of the universities located in the neighborhood. The sidewalks of Saint Germain carry the marks of bohemian and 
15958	Charming small building of the 17th century that has been maintained very well. The Paris  apartment gives on a courtyard. You will not believe you are in the heart of Paris thanks to the peacefulness of his surroundings! The apartment is on the first floor without an elevator. Layout Apartment to rent in Pariss of 30 m2. There is a main room with a leather settee and a table allowing two guests to have dinner. The bedroom is separated from the living room even if there is no real door between both. The kitchen is separate and entirely equipped. The bathroom has a shower. A fabulous Paris apartment to rent.	A fabulous Paris apartment to rent in the heart of St Germain, only a few steps away from the Seine and the street of Buci. You will not believe you are in the heart of Paris due to the surrounding peacefulness of this one-bedroom flat.        Charming small building of the 17th century that has been maintained very well. The Paris  apartment gives on a courtyard. You will not believe you are in the heart of Paris thanks to the peacefulness of his surroundings! The apartment is on the first floor without an elevator. Layout Apartment to rent in Pariss of 30 m2. There is a main room with a leather settee and a table allowing two guests to have dinner. The bedroom is separated from the living room even if there is no real door between both. The kitchen is separate and entirely equipped. The bathroom has a shower. A fabulous Paris apartment to rent. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay if any question or needs This apartment rent
15959	Nice flat 65 meter square, first floor in a classy building, ideally situated between Montparnasse, Raspail and Port-Royal. Perfect for a couple or a family with one or two kids. One bedroom/living room with a very confortable double sofa bed, diner table and a coffee table. The second room has a double sofa bed, a single daybed and a small coffee table.  1  bathroom (bathtub, washing machine) and 1 kitchen (dish washer, 3 induction plates, electric oven/micro-wave, fridge), dressing, iron and ironing board, WiFi, elevator.	Very nice 2 rooms flat 65 meter square, first floor in a classy building, ideally situated between Montparnasse, Raspail and Port-Royal. Perfect for a couple or a family with one or two kids. Nice flat 65 meter square, first floor in a classy building, ideally situated between Montparnasse, Raspail and Port-Royal. Perfect for a couple or a family with one or two kids. One bedroom/living room with a very confortable double sofa bed, diner table and a coffee table. The second room has a double sofa bed, a single daybed and a small coffee table.  1  bathroom (bathtub, washing machine) and 1 kitchen (dish washer, 3 induction plates, electric oven/micro-wave, fridge), dressing, iron and ironing board, WiFi, elevator. You have access to the whole appartment On the border of the 14th, 6th and 5th districts of Paris.  Many shops, supermarkets, cinemas, restaurants and bars in the neighbourhood. The flat is situated on the boulevard du Montparnasse, famous place of parisian art nouveau (as the 
15960	peaceful apartment in a quiet building	Comfortable and cosy apartment in the heart of Saint-Germain Des Prés, historic district of Paris. On the 3rd floor of a building dating from the eighteenth century, this lovely studio is the ideal place to spend a few days in Paris. peaceful apartment in a quiet building The area is perfect for visiting Paris because it is located in the center of the city. You can reach any place in Paris in just 15min.  -The house of bookis in front of the apartment. -The pantheon at 200 meters -The Luxembourg Gardens at 300 meters And the Seine is at 5min to walk. Métro Odéon : ligne 4 ou ligne 10 If you want more information do not hesitate to contact me
15961	Ground floor Loft of 969 sq ft, in a paved courtyard with trees, very quite, one bedroom, bathroom with shower, spacious living room,  fully equipped kitchen with stove, dishwasher, and freezer refrigerator. Extremely well situated in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, close to Café Flore, Les Deux Magots, Lipp, Café Armani, Ralph Lauren, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Le Bon Marché, Hotel Lutetia, Jazz Clubs in Rue Saint Benoit, Jardin du Luxembourg and many more Restaurants, Bistros, Shops and Cinemas. In walking distance of the Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Les Tulleries, Quartier Latin, Montparnasse. Just 2 minutes from the Metro Saint Germain des Pres, Busstop, a taxi stand and a parking.	Ground floor Loft of 969 sq ft, in a paved courtyard with trees, very quite, one bedroom, bathroom with shower, spacious living room,  fully equipped kitchen with stove, dishwasher, and freezer refrigerator. Extremely well situated in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, close to Café Flore, Les Deux Magots, Lipp, Café Armani, Ralph Lauren, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Le Bon Marché, Hotel Lutetia, Jazz Clubs in Rue Saint Benoit, Jardin du Luxembourg and many more Restaurants, Bistros, Shops and Cinemas. In walking distance of the Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Les Tulleries, Quartier Latin, Montparnasse. Just 2 minutes from the Metro Saint Germain des Pres, Busstop, a taxi stand and a parking.
15962	Living room, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathroom, separate WC.  Master bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom 1 with bath; 2nd bedroom with 2 twin beds; 2nd bathroom with shower; in the living room, sofa bed for 2 persons.  	75m2 (800 sq feet) apartment in a 18th century historical building in this heart of St Germain - Odeon. 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. Completely renewed in 2009 (bathrooms, double windows, kitchen...) and refurnished in 2013. Typical master apartment with mouldings, oak parquet, fireplace, 3m60 (11.8 ft) ceiling height.  Living room, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathroom, separate WC.  Master bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom 1 with bath; 2nd bedroom with 2 twin beds; 2nd bathroom with shower; in the living room, sofa bed for 2 persons.  Ideally located to move in Paris. Metro Odeon, numerous buses, taxi station.  Lots of food stores, nice shopping area; museums, theatres, Jardin du Luxembourg, Place St sulpice less than 5 mn walking. We can recommend you the places we like for your visits, restaurants, shopping and market gardens.  
15963		Chambre bien insonorisée dans un appartement de 150 m² très éclairé, très fonctionnel, avec une superbe vue sur la fontaine Marco Polo du jardin du Luxembourg. Nous vous accueillerons avec plaisir !
15964	This charming and delightful 36 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Saint Andre des Arts in the 6th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, stereo. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, (website hidden) Germain, a central borrowing History Á midday or midnight, the streets of Saint Germain are still moving. You will love this neighborhood where good humor reigns supreme. Y find a temporary apartment rental is an ideal solution to enjoy the area. The area has inspired many artists Many artists have surveyed the area, many singers have made his praises and every street is full of stories. Cans and the street, frequented for centuries by the student youth, is well known for its small cafés and bars 	This charming and delightful 36 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Saint Andre des Arts in the 6th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, stereo. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, (website hidden) Germain, a central borrowing History Á midday or midnight, the streets of Saint Germain are still moving. You will love this neighborhood where good humor reigns supreme. Y find a temporary apartment rental is an ideal solution to enjoy the area. The area has inspired many artists Many artists have surveyed the area, many singers have made his praises and every street is full of stories. Cans and the street, frequented for centuries by the student youth, is well known for its small cafés and bars 
15965	The apartment comfortably fits 3 people (2 in bedroom and 1 in pull out couch). What makes it unique is the great location, windows facing the garden which give the apartment a lot of sun and an amazing, unobstructed view of Paris Guests will have full access to the apartment, including the use of the full bathroom and kitchen. I kindly ask that the guests do not use any of the groceries or items that I have purchased but are free to do their own shopping and cooking. I will not be present during your stay but will leave detailed instructions and guidance about the apartment so you won't have to worry. You will also get a welcome bottle of wine! Guests will be in close proximity to several great areas in Paris including, Patheon, Odeon and Saint Michel/Latin Quarter, Notre Damn, Saint-Sulpice. The apartment is on the RER B line and at the Luxembourg stop which makes it convenient when coming to Paris by Train (Gare du Nord / Gare du L'Est) or airport (Charles de Gualle / Orly). The RER	Central apartment in the heart of Paris directly across the famous Jardin de Luxembourg in the 5th arrondisment. Offers a great view of the city including the Eifel Tower, Invalides, St. Sulpice and Sacre Couer. Cozy place with a lot of sunlight.    The apartment comfortably fits 3 people (2 in bedroom and 1 in pull out couch). What makes it unique is the great location, windows facing the garden which give the apartment a lot of sun and an amazing, unobstructed view of Paris Guests will have full access to the apartment, including the use of the full bathroom and kitchen. I kindly ask that the guests do not use any of the groceries or items that I have purchased but are free to do their own shopping and cooking. I will not be present during your stay but will leave detailed instructions and guidance about the apartment so you won't have to worry. You will also get a welcome bottle of wine! Guests will be in close proximity to several great areas in Paris including, Patheon, Odeon and 
15966	This exceptional and tastefully decorated 264 square meters , 4 Bedroom, apartment is located on Quai des Grands Augustins in the 6th arrondissement, on the 5th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 10 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer,dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, terraces, phone, DVD, stereo, home cinema, A/C. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, (website hidden) reach the elevator, you will have to climb the stairs up to the 1stfloor. Subway station Saint-Michel - Notre Dame Apartment Composition: LIVING The 50 square meters living room has 3 double glazed windows facing street and one glass door leading to the terrace . It is equipped with : 2 sofas, coffee table, cable, TV, DVD, stereo, 2 armchairs,built-in shelves, built-in wall closet, hard wood floor. KITCHEN The 21 square meters separated eat in kitche	This exceptional and tastefully decorated 264 square meters , 4 Bedroom, apartment is located on Quai des Grands Augustins in the 6th arrondissement, on the 5th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 10 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer,dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, terraces, phone, DVD, stereo, home cinema, A/C. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, (website hidden) reach the elevator, you will have to climb the stairs up to the 1stfloor. Subway station Saint-Michel - Notre Dame Apartment Composition: LIVING The 50 square meters living room has 3 double glazed windows facing street and one glass door leading to the terrace . It is equipped with : 2 sofas, coffee table, cable, TV, DVD, stereo, 2 armchairs,built-in shelves, built-in wall closet, hard wood floor. KITCHEN The 21 square meters separated eat in kitche
15967	"Spacious Paris studio apartment ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, just beside the lively place Saint André des Arts and the famous place Saint Michel. Easy walking distance to river Seine, Ile de la cité and Notre Dame Cathedral. Many good cafes and restaurants nearby to discover the rela Paris. The studio is located on the 5th floor of 17th century building (without lift).It is a loft of 40 square meters for 4 people, very bright with no vis-à-vis, very high roof and a fire place. You will stay in an historical place with a lot of ""caché"". It was tastfully renewed very recently : modern fully equiped kitchen area (fridge, owen, hotplate) opened on the living room, a beautiful bathroom with a bathtub, visible beams, a comfortable double bed and two single beds. The apartment is fully equiped with cable tv, wifi access.  It is really ideal for successful Paris vacation rental in a very cosy and typical place. You can walk to every famous places to visit in Paris : "	"Spacious Paris studio apartment ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, just beside the lively place Saint André des Arts and the famous place Saint Michel. Easy walking distance to river Seine, Ile de la cité and Notre Dame Cathedral Spacious Paris studio apartment ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, just beside the lively place Saint André des Arts and the famous place Saint Michel. Easy walking distance to river Seine, Ile de la cité and Notre Dame Cathedral. Many good cafes and restaurants nearby to discover the rela Paris. The studio is located on the 5th floor of 17th century building (without lift).It is a loft of 40 square meters for 4 people, very bright with no vis-à-vis, very high roof and a fire place. You will stay in an historical place with a lot of ""caché"". It was tastfully renewed very recently : modern fully equiped kitchen area (fridge, owen, hotplate) opened on the living room, a beautiful bathroom with a bathtub, visible beams, a"
15968	This beautiful and charming two bedrooms apartment is perfectly located in Saint Germain des Prés, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on Rue du Dragon, where Victor Hugo, famous author of “Les Miserables” once lived. The apartment is on the 1st floor, without an elevator, of a lovely building dating from 1750. This two bedrooms is fully furnished in a refined taste with paintings, a fire place, wooden beams, and wooden floor.  This 65 square meters, or 700 square feet, apartment is very calm and cosy with its living room full of paintings, and an easel. The owner’s daughter is an “artiste peintre” and most of the paintings in the apartment are her own work. There are two comfortable sofas, a bookcase filled with books, an antique fire place and many accessories. Wooden beams (ceiling is 2m20 high or 7.22 feet) and wooden floor add a lot of charm to the refined decoration.  The kitchen is open to the dining room area, and fully equipped with gas grill, oven, dishwasher, fridge, c	Beautiful and charming two bedrooms apartment located on rue du Dragon, in Saint Germain des Prés in the 6th arrondissement. Very cosy with paintings, a fire place and wooden beams. 1st floor without an elevator. Perfect for a family or friends. This beautiful and charming two bedrooms apartment is perfectly located in Saint Germain des Prés, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on Rue du Dragon, where Victor Hugo, famous author of “Les Miserables” once lived. The apartment is on the 1st floor, without an elevator, of a lovely building dating from 1750. This two bedrooms is fully furnished in a refined taste with paintings, a fire place, wooden beams, and wooden floor.  This 65 square meters, or 700 square feet, apartment is very calm and cosy with its living room full of paintings, and an easel. The owner’s daughter is an “artiste peintre” and most of the paintings in the apartment are her own work. There are two comfortable sofas, a bookcase filled with books, an antique fire pl
15969	On Rue Git-le Coeur, a street in which the name itself means, ‘Here Lies the Heart’, lies a small studio on the fourth floor overlooking the banks of the Seine. Open the windows and you can hear the soothing sounds of Parisienne life and the chimes of the bells of Notre Dame. Close the windows and you can barely hear a pin drop.  This studio is ideal for individuals or couples who want to stay in the heart of Paris for a reasonable price. The studio has a kitchen with crockery and appliances, shower facilities, a comfortable single bed, entry code building access, table and chairs and will provide the location, comfort and independence to enjoy the many delights that Paris has to offer.  I look forward to hearing from you :) 	On Rue Git-le Coeur, a street which means, ‘Here Lies the Heart’, lies a small studio on the 4th floor overlooking the banks of the Seine. The studio has kitchen, dining and sleeping facilities and offers a reasonable price and a spectacular location On Rue Git-le Coeur, a street in which the name itself means, ‘Here Lies the Heart’, lies a small studio on the fourth floor overlooking the banks of the Seine. Open the windows and you can hear the soothing sounds of Parisienne life and the chimes of the bells of Notre Dame. Close the windows and you can barely hear a pin drop.  This studio is ideal for individuals or couples who want to stay in the heart of Paris for a reasonable price. The studio has a kitchen with crockery and appliances, shower facilities, a comfortable single bed, entry code building access, table and chairs and will provide the location, comfort and independence to enjoy the many delights that Paris has to offer.  I look forward to hearing from you :) The guests hav
15970		The couch is in the living room, but alternatively you can also sleep on a mini, foldable futon bed that is very soft.  The couch is not a pull-out sofa bed. The bathroom is shared with other guests and it is near the living room.  There is wifi. Access to living room, dining room and kitchen. 10 minutes to Montparnasse Station 3-5 minutes from Vaneau and Sevres-Babylone metro stations (line 10) 3-5 minutes walk to bus lines that go to Eiffel tower, Notre Dame, and Gare du Nord.
15971		Petit appartement parisien en plein coeur du quartier latin. Situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur avec une magnifique vue sur les toits de Paris. Il comprend trois petits balcons, un salon/cuisine, une chambre et une salle de douche. Idéal pour un séjour à deux.  L'appartement a une capacité d'accueil de 2 personnes, mais il peut également accueillir deux autres personnes (lits dépliant).
15972	This one-of-a-kind apartment is located on the second floor of a unique building and offers 700 square feet (75 sqm) of luxurious space. This apartment is ideal for travelers both because of its sumptuous décor and because of its proximity to St, Germain des Prés. With its multitude of cafés, brasseries, restaurants, galleries, and boutiques, this neighborhood is full of Parisian history and contemporary style. The Apartment Place de Furstemberg is located on the street and plaza bearing the same name. This is by far one of the most glamorous and sought after spots in Paris. The apartment itself is decorated with an antique sensibility, giving it a lovely continental feel. The sleeping areas are comfortable and the living areas are spacious, offering both comfort and charm. The Rue de Furstemberg is a very old narrow street with little traffic. Despite being close to the bustle of the 6th arrondissement, the immediate area is very quiet and serene.	The apartment itself is decorated with an antique sensibility, giving it a lovely continental feel. The sleeping areas are comfortable and the living areas are spacious, offering both comfort and charm. This one-of-a-kind apartment is located on the second floor of a unique building and offers 700 square feet (75 sqm) of luxurious space. This apartment is ideal for travelers both because of its sumptuous décor and because of its proximity to St, Germain des Prés. With its multitude of cafés, brasseries, restaurants, galleries, and boutiques, this neighborhood is full of Parisian history and contemporary style. The Apartment Place de Furstemberg is located on the street and plaza bearing the same name. This is by far one of the most glamorous and sought after spots in Paris. The apartment itself is decorated with an antique sensibility, giving it a lovely continental feel. The sleeping areas are comfortable and the living areas are spacious, offering both comfort and charm. The Rue de F
15973	A gorgeous 1500 square foot apartment in a sensational location in the best part of the 6th arrondissement.  To be featured in an upcoming edition of the French Elle Decor.	Located in the heart of St Germain, this 3BD/3BA flat has just been renovated by its French/American owners. 14 foot ceilings, 5 marble fireplaces, warm colors, clever interior design, and original 18th century 'Versailles' parquet floors.  A beauty. A gorgeous 1500 square foot apartment in a sensational location in the best part of the 6th arrondissement.  To be featured in an upcoming edition of the French Elle Decor. 3 bedrooms  3 bathrooms AC Elevator Our wonderful greeter, Laurence Martin Dupont, will meet you at the apartment to both give you the keys and show you how the Wifi, the appliances, etc work.  She is a native Parisian, and while her written English is not perfect, she speaks English fluently. Located in the very heart of St Germain, between the Boulevard St Germain and the Jardin Luxembourg, and just around the corner from the Eglise St Sulpice.  Hard to be better located in Paris.  Odeon metro: 200 meters Mabillon metro: 250 meters Within walking distance of 14 bus la
15974	"Near the Luxembourg Gardens, Montparnasse and Saint Germain des Pres, calm and sunny Studio with bathroom, kitchen, and toilet on 2nd floor. Wifi and wired networks available. Considered one of the most attractive areas of Paris, it is often difficult to find a flat to rent or to buy here! There are many famous restaurants that will bring to mind impressionist painters! For shopping, it is very close to the ""Bon Marché "" and the ""Galeries Lafayette"". There are many cinemas  (with a large choice of movies available in their original languages). A large choice of nearby public transportation : 4 metro lines and a large choice of buses! The RER train stop from the airports CDG (40 minutes) and Orly (35 minutes to the stop Antony) is very close (have a look in the guide). I live very close to the flat, so I can help you to have the stay that you deserve in Paris! "	"Near the Luxembourg Gardens, Montparnasse and Saint Germain des Pres, calm and sunny Studio with bathroom, kitchen, and toilet on 2nd floor. Wifi and wired networks available. Considered one of the most attractive areas of Paris, it is often difficult to find a flat to rent or to buy here! There are many famous restaurants that will bring to mind impressionist painters! For shopping, it is very close to the ""Bon Marché "" and the ""Galeries Lafayette"". There are many cinemas  (with a large choice of movies available in their original languages). A large choice of nearby public transportation : 4 metro lines and a large choice of buses! The RER train stop from the airports CDG (40 minutes) and Orly (35 minutes to the stop Antony) is very close (have a look in the guide). I live very close to the flat, so I can help you to have the stay that you deserve in Paris! "
15975		A very charming appartment in the amazing area of St. Germain. The apartment gives a view over the famous cafe de Flore. This one bedroom apartment with a 3,600 m high ceiling is will be a great experience of your parisian stay.
15976	HELLO! My appartement is ready to welcome you  its a very charming place it is 80 square meters with 2 bedrooms +  2 bathrooms: One single room which is my 6 years old son's bedroom with one bed (my son's) + one extra bed It has its own bathroom with a small bathtub, shower and toilets One bedroom with a double bed + an other bathroom with shower and toilet (by the kitchen) 1 large living room  The kitchen has a glassen roof top that gives the Monptarnasse Artist's atelier feeling to the appartement. All the ceilings of the appartement are unuasually high. The appartement is located close to Montparnasse/Luxembourg gardens/Denfert Rochereau/St Germain des près/Latin quartier 5 minutes walk from the Luxembourg gardens. there are lots of buses stops nearby (phone number hidden)/ Orlybus )  2 metro + RER stations: Raspail (line 4 & 6) and Port Royal (RER B) As a result there is a direct train leaving directly to  both Paris airports very close from the house.  There is a dishwasher, a clo	 Calm & luminous formal artist loft located on the a ground floor of a beautiful building It has a countryside feeling and is located near Luxembourg Garden, St Germain des près & Quartier Latin. The appartement has 2 bathrooms. Ideal for a family HELLO! My appartement is ready to welcome you  its a very charming place it is 80 square meters with 2 bedrooms +  2 bathrooms: One single room which is my 6 years old son's bedroom with one bed (my son's) + one extra bed It has its own bathroom with a small bathtub, shower and toilets One bedroom with a double bed + an other bathroom with shower and toilet (by the kitchen) 1 large living room  The kitchen has a glassen roof top that gives the Monptarnasse Artist's atelier feeling to the appartement. All the ceilings of the appartement are unuasually high. The appartement is located close to Montparnasse/Luxembourg gardens/Denfert Rochereau/St Germain des près/Latin quartier 5 minutes walk from the Luxembourg gardens. there are lots of buses 
15977	placé dans un quartier vivant, près des cinémas  des théatres, et des restaurants ouverts très tard,appartement très agréable à vivre, calme et chaleureux	placé dans un quartier vivant, près des cinémas  des théatres, et des restaurants ouverts très tard,appartement très agréable à vivre, calme et chaleureux
15978	After endless trips to France to meet the needs of discerning customers for her antique businesses in Atlanta and Birmingham, the owner of this apartment finally decided to invest in her own home away from home.  Fortunately for her (and us!) we'd teamed up before on many of those trips to France in search of antique gems, so it wasn't long before the right apartment was located and bought! The building dates from the 17th century. Its tall ceilings reveal massive wooden beams and its structural limestone walls have been exposed in the kitchen. The original tomette tiles are hexagonal in shape, recalling France herself, whose countrymen affectionately call her the Hexagone.  Working together to remodel and furnish this home away from home, we sought to create a presence and atmosphere which captured and juxtaposed both an in-depth knowledge of French antiques with a sense of Southern tranquility.  A fireplace framed by a wall of attractive cabinetry enhance the old world atmosphere (an	This charming flat located just 2 blocks from the river and the Louvre, on the left bank in the heart of St Germain! 16th Century Historic flat with exposed beams. Charming French Antiques. King size bed. After endless trips to France to meet the needs of discerning customers for her antique businesses in Atlanta and Birmingham, the owner of this apartment finally decided to invest in her own home away from home.  Fortunately for her (and us!) we'd teamed up before on many of those trips to France in search of antique gems, so it wasn't long before the right apartment was located and bought! The building dates from the 17th century. Its tall ceilings reveal massive wooden beams and its structural limestone walls have been exposed in the kitchen. The original tomette tiles are hexagonal in shape, recalling France herself, whose countrymen affectionately call her the Hexagone.  Working together to remodel and furnish this home away from home, we sought to create a presence and atmosphere
15979	The apartment is located in a classified building of 17th century and situated in the heart of famous Saint Germain provided with a lot of shops, restaurants, ‘famous cafés terraces’ and museums. The flat is composed as follows: Entrance deserving a separate toilet with a sink – a fully equipped high-tech kitchen – a living room with door windows, a dining area and a comfortable sofa bed.  A bathroom with an Italian shower – a loft style bedroom with storage completes this lovely apartment decorated by an architect. The big plus is a large balcony overlooking a nice flowered garden.  Available for 4 people. At your disposal : tv & Wifi The closest metro stations are : Saint-Germain des Prés – Odéon – Mabillon. Feel free to get back to me, I’ll be glad to advice you. 	The apartment is located in a classified building of 17th century and situated in the heart of famous Saint Germain provided with a lot of shops, restaurants, ‘famous cafés terraces’ and museums. The flat is composed as follows: Entrance deserving a separate toilet with a sink – a fully equipped high-tech kitchen – a living room with door windows, a dining area and a comfortable sofa bed.  A bathroom with an Italian shower – a loft style bedroom with storage completes this lovely apartment decorated by an architect. The big plus is a large balcony overlooking a nice flowered garden.  Available for 4 people. At your disposal : tv & Wifi The closest metro stations are : Saint-Germain des Prés – Odéon – Mabillon. Feel free to get back to me, I’ll be glad to advice you. 
15980	Le logement se compose de deux pièces et de deux salles de bain (douche et baignoire), entièrement rénovés. Un lit double et un canapé lit. Il dispose d'un lave vaisselle, d'une machine à café, d'une télévision et d'un accès wifi. 	Emplacement privilégié pour ce 2-pièces rénové au sein d'un immeuble classé du 17ème siècle. Vue sur les toits parisiens. Charme de l'ancien avec un équipement moderne,  au coeur de Paris à proximité immédiate du Luxembourg, d'Odéon, de la Sorbonne. Le logement se compose de deux pièces et de deux salles de bain (douche et baignoire), entièrement rénovés. Un lit double et un canapé lit. Il dispose d'un lave vaisselle, d'une machine à café, d'une télévision et d'un accès wifi. Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement qui se situe au 4ème et dernier étage (pas d'ascenseur, mais escalier large et facile). Deux portes d'accès à l'appartement qui rendent les deux espaces potentiellement indépendants. Je suis à votre disposition tout au long de votre séjour pour faciliter votre découverte de Paris. Vous êtes au plein coeur de Paris (6ème arrondissement), face au Jardin du Luxembourg, au Sénat, au Théâtre de l'Odéon, au Panthéon. Notre Dame à quelques minutes à pied. Beaucoup de restaurants pour 
15981	This beautiful studio apartment is located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, on the rue Grégoire de Tours between the Boulevard Saint Germain, and the Rue de Buci. Close to the River Seine and the Latin Quartier, it reflects the Parisian charm. It was recently renovated and furnished with a functional and modern decoration. On the 1st floor without an elevator, it is cozy with its private terrace. It is perfect for a couple who wish to stay in an authentic Parisian area. This studio apartment of about 20 square meters, or about 215 square feet, has a main room which includes a bed up, a couch, a coffee table, a dining table for two with two chairs, TV with international channels and internet in Wi-Fi. Pull down the comfortable bed up (140x190 centimeters) and it perfectly fits on top of the couch. You can then enjoy the studio as a bedroom. Decoration is modern with new furniture.  The small open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, microwave, cookware, coffee maker, kettl	Lovely studio apartment with an outdoor terrace on Rue Gregoire de Tours, next to Rue de Buci in 6th arrondissement. 1st floor without an elevator. Just renovated with a bed up and a modern decoration, at the perfect location to visit Paris! This beautiful studio apartment is located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, on the rue Grégoire de Tours between the Boulevard Saint Germain, and the Rue de Buci. Close to the River Seine and the Latin Quartier, it reflects the Parisian charm. It was recently renovated and furnished with a functional and modern decoration. On the 1st floor without an elevator, it is cozy with its private terrace. It is perfect for a couple who wish to stay in an authentic Parisian area. This studio apartment of about 20 square meters, or about 215 square feet, has a main room which includes a bed up, a couch, a coffee table, a dining table for two with two chairs, TV with international channels and internet in Wi-Fi. Pull down the comfortable bed up (140x190
15982	In the heart of Saint Germain and Montparnasse, right next door to famous cafes such as La Coupole and Le Select, this fully renovated 110 square meter apartment is a real gem. The living room is around 40m2 and will pamper you from the start. It includes lounge area with quality sofa bed, flat screen TV, cable, DVD player, a desk with WiFi, as well as a dining area for up to 8 guests. The room is bathed in sunlight thanks to its four large French windows overlooking the street. The open kitchen with an island unit is fully equipped with vitroceramic stovetop and oven, dishwasher, electric coffee maker and kettle, toaster, large fridge with freezer, dishes, utensils and all the cutlery needed for hosting a dinner. A large hallway with closets leads to the other rooms in the apartment, which can accommodate up to 8 guests total. There are 3 bedrooms facing a charming and quiet courtyard in the building, a bathroom with a large shower, sink and towel dryer, a laundry room equipped with w	In the heart of Saint Germain and Montparnasse, right next door to famous cafes such as La Coupole and Le Select, this fully renovated 110 square meter apartment is a real gem.  In the heart of Saint Germain and Montparnasse, right next door to famous cafes such as La Coupole and Le Select, this fully renovated 110 square meter apartment is a real gem. The living room is around 40m2 and will pamper you from the start. It includes lounge area with quality sofa bed, flat screen TV, cable, DVD player, a desk with WiFi, as well as a dining area for up to 8 guests. The room is bathed in sunlight thanks to its four large French windows overlooking the street. The open kitchen with an island unit is fully equipped with vitroceramic stovetop and oven, dishwasher, electric coffee maker and kettle, toaster, large fridge with freezer, dishes, utensils and all the cutlery needed for hosting a dinner. A large hallway with closets leads to the other rooms in the apartment, which can accommodate up t
15983	"Welcome to our apartment, completely restored in May 2013, located only 100m from the famous Jardin du Luxembourg. The apartment is in the middle of the Quartier Latin, a chic and elegant neighborhood where you can find the soul of the city! We love to wander in its small streets, with so many shops and cafés... You'll find in the flat a list of our favorite places, used by locals, always forgotten by the tourists! On top of that, the address of the best bakery of PAris! The apartment is also very close on feet from the area of Saint-Germain des près, which is a hotspot of the parisian avant-garde, where the writers and artists used to meet during the Belle Epoque... You'll have the possibility to imitate them by drinking the best hot chocolate of Paris in the ""Deux-Magots""! Given that the flat is in the middle of Paris, the subway station ""Luxembourg"", located a few minutes away, will give you the possibility to travel anywhere in the city quickly. It's in a dead-end street, that can "	"Welcome to our apartment, completely restored in May 2013, located only 100m from the famous Jardin du Luxembourg. The apartment is in the middle of the Quartier Latin, a chic and elegant neighborhood where you can find the soul of the city! We love to wander in its small streets, with so many shops and cafés... You'll find in the flat a list of our favorite places, used by locals, always forgotten by the tourists! On top of that, the address of the best bakery of PAris! The apartment is also very close on feet from the area of Saint-Germain des près, which is a hotspot of the parisian avant-garde, where the writers and artists used to meet during the Belle Epoque... You'll have the possibility to imitate them by drinking the best hot chocolate of Paris in the ""Deux-Magots""! Given that the flat is in the middle of Paris, the subway station ""Luxembourg"", located a few minutes away, will give you the possibility to travel anywhere in the city quickly. It's in a dead-end street, that can "
15984	L'appartement est parfaitement situé en face de l'entrée du Jardin Du Luxembourg. Il s'agit d'un magnifique dupleix de 50 m2. Il vient d'être rénové. Très confortable et accueillant.  Vous pouvez y venir à 4 personnes. Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement, ainsi qu'à tout les équipements. Chauffage, eau chaude, internet sont compris Je suis toujours disponible. Par message, mails ou WhatsApp. Habitant Paris, je sais me rendre disponible si besoin est. Le quartier est très vivant et très agréable. Vous pouvez aller faire votre footing dans le jardin juste en face, et ensuite vous balader dans le quartier afin de faire les boutiques ou vos courses. Vous pouvez accéder au logement via le RER B. Très simple et très rapide, direct des deux aéroports.	Wonderful 2/3 pieces Dupleix in a perfect localization. New renovated. Cozy and very comfortable. Near everything you need for a perfect stay living the Parisian Way of Life
15985	Picture yourself being hosted by a friend who speaks your language, at a beautiful flat with all amenities you are used to. Now add a concierge service to help you get the most of your time in Paris!  THE FLAT Our brand new 1-bedroom 62 m2 flat is located a few steps from the St. Germain-des-Près church. Check both the airbnb and our personal pictures, which include a floor plan.  It was fully refurbished and furnished the way we wanted when we moved in late 2013. Our professional lives took us to London for a couple of years, but we love our home and we love Paris. We kept all the appliances and furniture, and we come to Paris often.  When we are not in Paris the flat is yours! It is perfect for 2 people, and can accommodate 4 if you use the queen size sofa-bed.  BEDROOM, SOFA-BED AND BATHROOM The bedroom is quiet and the window faces the courtyard. The double bed that appears in the bedroom pictures has been replaced with a kingsize bed (160x200cm) with a super comfortable mattress (	Picture yourself being hosted by a friend who speaks your language, at a beautiful flat with all amenities you are used to. Now add a concierge service to help you get the most of your time in Paris! Picture yourself being hosted by a friend who speaks your language, at a beautiful flat with all amenities you are used to. Now add a concierge service to help you get the most of your time in Paris!  THE FLAT Our brand new 1-bedroom 62 m2 flat is located a few steps from the St. Germain-des-Près church. Check both the airbnb and our personal pictures, which include a floor plan.  It was fully refurbished and furnished the way we wanted when we moved in late 2013. Our professional lives took us to London for a couple of years, but we love our home and we love Paris. We kept all the appliances and furniture, and we come to Paris often.  When we are not in Paris the flat is yours! It is perfect for 2 people, and can accommodate 4 if you use the queen size sofa-bed.  BEDROOM, SOFA-BED AND BAT
15986	Bel appartement de 60m2 avec un parquet d'origine en bois, situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien. Il dispose du confort nécessaire pour passer un séjour agréable à Paris.	Lumineux et confortable. A deux pas de la rue de Bucci au cœur du quartier Saint-Germain-des-prés. Au 2ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien avec ascenseur. Connections faciles avec aéroports et gares. Bel appartement de 60m2 avec un parquet d'origine en bois, situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien. Il dispose du confort nécessaire pour passer un séjour agréable à Paris. Adjacent à l'entrée du métro Mabillon (ligne 10) A 2 pas de la station de taxi de la rue Dufour Facile d'accès depuis la gare de Montparnasse (Car Air France ou trains) les métro à proximité (environ 100m) sont Odéon et St Germain-des-Prés (ligne 4) Notre contact parisien a changé, Kaiva a quitté Paris pour Tahiti pour des raisons professionnelles. Notre nouveau contact parisien s'appelle Hokini et il est le cousin de Kaiva.  Hokini se fera un plaisir de vous accueillir et répondre à vos questions pendant votre sėjour. Horaires d'arrivée du lundi vendredi * Entre 7h et 9h jusqu'à maximum 9h30 * Entre 12h et 13h 
15987	This 25 square meters 1 bedroom apartment is located on rue Saint-Andre des Arts in the 6th arrondissement of Paris Saint-Germain-des-Pres district. It lies on the 2nd French floor with elevator. It proposes a living/dining room with an opened equipped kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with toilets. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 2 people for leisure or business travel. The apartment was completely renovated in 2012 with a very charming decoration. All windows are fitted with triple glazing, be aware that the apartment is very central but located in a very lively street with bars and restaurants. The nearest metro station is Saint-Michel. ONE BEDROOM of 2 rooms, can accommodate 2 people located rue Saint-André des Arts in Paris 6ème arrondissement This is the tourist district of Saint-Germain des Pres, which in the past was the meeting point for artists, intellectuals and which is now more frequently visited by students who enjoy the endless living bars and cafes... But this 	This 25 square meters 1 bedroom apartment is located on rue Saint-Andre des Arts in the 6th arrondissement of Paris Saint-Germain-des-Pres district. It lies on the 2nd French floor with elevator. It proposes a living/dining room with an opened equipped kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with toilets. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 2 people for leisure or business travel. The apartment was completely renovated in 2012 with a very charming decoration. All windows are fitted with triple glazing, be aware that the apartment is very central but located in a very lively street with bars and restaurants. The nearest metro station is Saint-Michel. ONE BEDROOM of 2 rooms, can accommodate 2 people located rue Saint-André des Arts in Paris 6ème arrondissement This is the tourist district of Saint-Germain des Pres, which in the past was the meeting point for artists, intellectuals and which is now more frequently visited by students who enjoy the endless living bars and cafes... But this 
15988	Ce logement est situé sous les combles au 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. L'immeuble est très tranquille, et vous ne serez dérangés par aucun voisin! Il est composé de : - 1 grande pièce aménagée avec coin cuisine, salle à manger, salon, et d'un coin chambre. - 1 salle de bain avec baignoire Équipement: - 1 lit 2 places - 1 canapé - 1 table haute avec 3 chaises hautes - 1 four - 1 micro-onde - 1 machine Nespresso - 1 bouilloire - 1 grille pain - 1 réfrigérateur - 2 plaques de cuisson à induction - 1 machine à laver/sécher le linge  Vous aurez accès au logement entier. Vous pourrez bien sur utiliser l'équipement de l'appartement! Des draps et des serviette de bain seront mis à votre disposition. Etant très régulièrement en déplacement je ne pourrais pas être la à chaque fois pour vous accueillir, mais je serai bien sur joignable par téléphone! L’appartement est situé dans le charmant quartier de Saint Germain des Prés, qui offre une parfaite combinaison de sites touristiques, de shopping et	Ce joli appartement plein de charme, de 30m2,  lumineux et calme peut accueillir 2 personnes. Très central, situé dans le quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés, proche de nombreux sites historiques et touristiques, restaurants et boutiques.  Ce logement est situé sous les combles au 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. L'immeuble est très tranquille, et vous ne serez dérangés par aucun voisin! Il est composé de : - 1 grande pièce aménagée avec coin cuisine, salle à manger, salon, et d'un coin chambre. - 1 salle de bain avec baignoire Équipement: - 1 lit 2 places - 1 canapé - 1 table haute avec 3 chaises hautes - 1 four - 1 micro-onde - 1 machine Nespresso - 1 bouilloire - 1 grille pain - 1 réfrigérateur - 2 plaques de cuisson à induction - 1 machine à laver/sécher le linge  Vous aurez accès au logement entier. Vous pourrez bien sur utiliser l'équipement de l'appartement! Des draps et des serviette de bain seront mis à votre disposition. Etant très régulièrement en déplacement je ne pourrais pas êt
15989	A nice duplex of 40m² with duplex. It is composed of a big living room with kitchen area, a single sofa bed in the living room, a bedroom with a double bed upstairs, a bathroom with a bathub. It is located on the 1st floor of a nice building onto the courtyard. It has cable TV, Wifi connection and a washing machine/dryer. 	A nice duplex of 40m² with duplex. It is composed of a big living room with kitchen area, a single sofa bed in the living room, a bedroom with a double bed upstairs, a bathroom with a bathub. It is located on the 1st floor of a nice building onto the courtyard. It has cable TV, Wifi connection and a washing machine/dryer. At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat. If you check in on sunday, holidays or after 8PM, you will have to pay an additional fee of 50€ for your welcoming in the apartment. There is no arrival after 11pm at the apartment.
15990		This 70 sq mt apt is situated in a 2nd floor in the heart of Saint Germain. It is a 2 double bedroom with insuite bathroom with toilet. The living room is spacious with a double sofa bed, dining table. The kitchen is open and equipped.
15991	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life? Come and stay in this lovely all furnished apartment in the central, trendy and chic part of Paris : Saint Germain des Près. This apartment has just been renovated to make it not only confortable but also very authentic and charming, so as to keep the aura of the retired artist to whom it belongs to.  Imagine you’re in Paris… in the busy area right at the corner of rue de Seine and rue Jacob. Just a few meters from metro Odéon, a few steps from the river and Pont Neuf… Enter this beautiful building  and go up to the first floor...and enter this beautiful apartment!  This apartment was designed for your confort, but also to gove a new life to the work of the italian artist it belongs to : a spacious and luminous living room and dining room from which you can see the parisian life of rue Jacob, a study room with a sofa bed that unfolds into a double bed, two bedrooms with double beds (140x190) (in ine f the bedrooms, t	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life? Come and stay in this lovely all furnished apartment in the central, trendy and chic part of Paris : Saint Germain des Près. This apartment has just been renovated to make it not only confortable but also very authentic and charming, so as to keep the aura of the retired artist to whom it belongs to.  Imagine you’re in Paris… in the busy area right at the corner of rue de Seine and rue Jacob. Just a few meters from metro Odéon, a few steps from the river and Pont Neuf… Enter this beautiful building  and go up to the first floor...and enter this beautiful apartment!  This apartment was designed for your confort, but also to gove a new life to the work of the italian artist it belongs to : a spacious and luminous living room and dining room from which you can see the parisian life of rue Jacob, a study room with a sofa bed that unfolds into a double bed, two bedrooms with double beds (140x190) (in ine f the bedrooms, t
15992	Building ,Le Verrier street 75006 Paris. Near Jardin du Luxembourg,Université Assas Pantheon,Bd Montparnasse. Port Royal Quarter,Quiet and central. Studio Isolated , renewed on Ground floor, High ceiling,with glass case on small internal court yard. , with out opposite.. With Bathroom and WC. Its inside  temperature is stable ,ideal in summer in june,July and August,we never need  to have climatisation or (website hidden) 's confortable. The glass case is not exposed to the sun. Pleasent surrounding :Coolness in Summer, softness in Winter  Mini Kitchen with small Bar. New Sofa Bed, mattress:Lenght  6 feet 6 inch.X Wide 4 feet 6 inch.X 6 inch( Thikness) ( for people Weigth under 100Kg,Height under 1,80m) with : -Bedsheet,towels and Cover. - Haird dryer - Flat iron with table Near all conveniences.: - Super Market ,Notre Dame des Champs street (1min) - Laundry and Lavomatique in :     -16 Brea Street (5 min)     - Campagne Première Street(5 min)) - Baker shop ,Rue d'Assas (1min) A guide 	 This studio Parisian,Cosy,Secure,Confortable, for 2 travellers or temporary Office. Allow to acces  agreably at every famous aera of Paris by WALKING day and night. Transports are close,Train RER B,Train to Versailles,Metro,Bus.          Building ,Le Verrier street 75006 Paris. Near Jardin du Luxembourg,Université Assas Pantheon,Bd Montparnasse. Port Royal Quarter,Quiet and central. Studio Isolated , renewed on Ground floor, High ceiling,with glass case on small internal court yard. , with out opposite.. With Bathroom and WC. Its inside  temperature is stable ,ideal in summer in june,July and August,we never need  to have climatisation or (website hidden) 's confortable. The glass case is not exposed to the sun. Pleasent surrounding :Coolness in Summer, softness in Winter  Mini Kitchen with small Bar. New Sofa Bed, mattress:Lenght  6 feet 6 inch.X Wide 4 feet 6 inch.X 6 inch( Thikness) ( for people Weigth under 100Kg,Height under 1,80m) with : -Bedsheet,towels and Cover. - Haird dryer
15993		Very charming , romantic and cosy place... All amenities and perfectly clean A very good 160cm bed, a new bathroom with a large shower, sink and toilets. A small kitchen still with everything you need from a coffee machine , a blender , teapots...
15994	It is composed of a living room with a new double sofa-bed, dining area, kitchen with all cooking and eating amenities. The bedroom has a queen size bed and the bathroom is en suite – the TV is located in the bedroom. The bathroom has a bath with shower and sink. The toilet is next to the entrance hall of the apartment. The apartment is on the first floor with an elevator. The apartment is level with the first floor courtyard so other people who live in the building walk past the apartment as they cross the courtyard which you can see from the windows. The telephone has free calls to most European and North American landlines. The flat screen TV has cable TV + DVD player (European DVD’s) and is located in the bedroom.	A comfortable one bedroom apartment measuring 50Sq Metres ( 540 square feet) in a great area of Paris close to the Bon Marche and the Hermes store St Germain des Pres. The property is located one minute from the metro Sevres Babylone, and the building also hosts the Hermes fashion boutique. It is composed of a living room with a new double sofa-bed, dining area, kitchen with all cooking and eating amenities. The bedroom has a queen size bed and the bathroom is en suite – the TV is located in the bedroom. The bathroom has a bath with shower and sink. The toilet is next to the entrance hall of the apartment. The apartment is on the first floor with an elevator. The apartment is level with the first floor courtyard so other people who live in the building walk past the apartment as they cross the courtyard which you can see from the windows. The telephone has free calls to most European and North American landlines. The flat screen TV has cable TV + DVD player (European DVD’s) and is loca
15995	This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. Who knows if you are not going to sleep in D’Artagnans’ bedroom and slide into his dreams of justice and glory? The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers’ horses. The Paris apartment is on the third floor without a lift, and is made safe with a code first and then an intercom. The apartment has been entirely renovated and refurnished with brand new and top quality equipment. History and comfort are waiting for you in this Paris short-term rental. This apartment to rent in Paris has a double living room with a dining space and a lounge. A mezzanine with a very comfortable single bed (130×200) is accessible with a ladder (kids will also be able to work on their piano lessons there!). The leather sofa, the massive wooden furniture and the wooden beams and	This vacation rental in Paris is one of the best we can suggest : comfortable, at a very reasonable price, well located and unique, you will not regret renting this wonderful Paris apartment. This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. Who knows if you are not going to sleep in D’Artagnans’ bedroom and slide into his dreams of justice and glory? The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers’ horses. The Paris apartment is on the third floor without a lift, and is made safe with a code first and then an intercom. The apartment has been entirely renovated and refurnished with brand new and top quality equipment. History and comfort are waiting for you in this Paris short-term rental. This apartment to rent in Paris has a double living room with a dining space and a lounge. A mezzanine with a very comf
15996	Small kitchen corner so you can cook at home if you want (utensils available, everything that you need to cook and eat is here, fridge, microwave - there are grocery stores closeby). There is a lift in the building. Please note that as in many old parisian buildings, the lift is small and only fits two persons (or one with luggage :)  ) Incredibly fast 1GB/S Fiber optic internet (wifi + lan) NEW: 4G / Wifi Dongle provided With the 4G / Wifi dongle, you can use your smartphone or laptop anywhere in the streets at no cost instead of using the expensive data roaming of your cellphone provider. The dongle acts as a portable modem that uses the 4G network and gives you full access to it via wifi (email, internet...). It is 100% free of charge for you.	Your own lovely studio in Saint Germain des Prés, 200 sq ft, can host 2 people, in the heart of the 6th arrondissement, in rue Saint Sulpice. 5th floor with lift, small kitchen, bathroom and shower. Small kitchen corner so you can cook at home if you want (utensils available, everything that you need to cook and eat is here, fridge, microwave - there are grocery stores closeby). There is a lift in the building. Please note that as in many old parisian buildings, the lift is small and only fits two persons (or one with luggage :)  ) Incredibly fast 1GB/S Fiber optic internet (wifi + lan) NEW: 4G / Wifi Dongle provided With the 4G / Wifi dongle, you can use your smartphone or laptop anywhere in the streets at no cost instead of using the expensive data roaming of your cellphone provider. The dongle acts as a portable modem that uses the 4G network and gives you full access to it via wifi (email, internet...). It is 100% free of charge for you. The studio is all yours, it is not a shared 
15997	Nous sommes deux jeunes filles en coloc et proposons de louer notre salon (indépendant) aux visiteurs souhaitant être au cœur de Paris ! This room is in a flatshare, it could be possible you'll share the place with us ! Great place to discover Paris, very good location	Rented room in the living room, a place you'll share with us (two French girls) Nous sommes deux jeunes filles en coloc et proposons de louer notre salon (indépendant) aux visiteurs souhaitant être au cœur de Paris ! This room is in a flatshare, it could be possible you'll share the place with us ! Great place to discover Paris, very good location Separated bathroom and kitchen Cette chambre est proposée au sein d'une coloc, il est donc possible que nous soyons la ! This room is in a flatshare, it could be possible you'll share the place with us ! Great place to discover Paris, very good location Metro Odéon - Saint Michel - Pont Neuf 4th floor - no elevator !!
15998	Enjoy your stay in the shoes of a real parisian family! Our apartment is full of light, books and DVDs, and you can play the piano if you wish. Gorgeous view on Saint Sulpice church and le Pantheon. 3 bedrooms : Parental suite with bathroom (street side), 1 children room with 2 single beds (street side), 1 room with a single bed and a sofa-bed (courtyard side). Additional shower room. Please note that there is one floor to climb by foot to reach the elevator.	Cosy family apartment in the heart of Paris, in beautiful Saint Germain des Près. Close to trendy boutiques, cinemas, theaters and bookshops. Accessible by 3 metro lines and many buses. Enjoy your stay in the shoes of a real parisian family! Our apartment is full of light, books and DVDs, and you can play the piano if you wish. Gorgeous view on Saint Sulpice church and le Pantheon. 3 bedrooms : Parental suite with bathroom (street side), 1 children room with 2 single beds (street side), 1 room with a single bed and a sofa-bed (courtyard side). Additional shower room. Please note that there is one floor to climb by foot to reach the elevator. Access to the whole appartment, except some private cupboards in each room. I'll be joinable via phone. The Saint Germain des Prés area is in the heart of Paris. It has an incredible selection of trendy bars, restaurants and fashion shops.  Metro : line 4 (Saint-Sulpice); lines 10 et 12 (Sèvres-Babylone). Bus : line 39, line 63, line 84, line 87, l
15999	4th with lift, cozy apartment consists of a large living room of 30m2, a beautiful room with washbasin adjoining bathroom and kitchen fonctionnelle.Parquet moldings. This is a friendly apartment it is easy to capture. You feel at home quickly. It is quiet despite the animation area.  Easy access, quiet street near theaters, cinemas and underground.  II would be next, you can join at any time his is a friendly apartment it is easy to capture. You feel at home quickly. It is quiet despite the animation area. Theater, cinema, restaurants, museums, Fondation Cartier, Paris major sights nearby  Jardin du Luxembourg-3 minutesheaters, movies, restaurants, museums, Fondation Cartier, Paris major sights nearby  -It is a calm and happy environment: a small village in the heart of the city with Vavin square where restaurants, a bakery, a scoop, a tobacco ... It is a calm and happy Subway: Vavin (line 4), line 12 (notre dame des champs)  -Bus: (phone number hidden)  Gare Montparnasse: 10 minutes  	4th with lift, cozy apartment consists of a large living room of 30m2, a beautiful room with washbasin adjoining bathroom and kitchen fonctionnelle.Parquet moldings. This is a friendly apartment it is easy to capture. You feel at home quickly. It is quiet despite the animation area.  Easy access, quiet street near theaters, cinemas and underground.  II would be next, you can join at any time his is a friendly apartment it is easy to capture. You feel at home quickly. It is quiet despite the animation area. Theater, cinema, restaurants, museums, Fondation Cartier, Paris major sights nearby  Jardin du Luxembourg-3 minutesheaters, movies, restaurants, museums, Fondation Cartier, Paris major sights nearby  -It is a calm and happy environment: a small village in the heart of the city with Vavin square where restaurants, a bakery, a scoop, a tobacco ... It is a calm and happy Subway: Vavin (line 4), line 12 (notre dame des champs)  -Bus: (phone number hidden)  Gare Montparnasse: 10 minutes  
16000	"Beautiful Modern Parisian 2 bedroom flat at the heart of the prestigious SAINT GERMAIN DES PRÉS left bank district. Enjoy the incredible view over the roofs of Paris at the flat's large balcony DIRECT to historic Saint Sulpice church and Saint Germain des Prés abbey, Le Bon Marché exclusive department store and at the heart of high-end Saint Germain shopping district. LESS than 10 min walk to typical French ""Luxembourg garden"", The Pantheon and montparnasse train station.‎ THE FLAT : Large living room + 2 separate bedrooms, each having its deluxe en-suite bathroom. Can sleep 4 people, and a child in the living room comfortably. 67 square meters/ 721 Sq ft. Fifth floor with lift in ""Pierre de Taille"" building from 20th century. Surrounded by Haussmanian architecture in its essence, including a historic preserved building ""Parisian hotel particulier"" right in front of the flat. All amenities within 3 min (3 supermarkets, pharmacy, cheese and meat boutiques, three-time-a-week open air fre"	"Beautiful Modern Parisian 2 bedroom flat at the heart of the prestigious SAINT GERMAIN DES PRÉS left bank district. Enjoy the incredible view over the roofs of Paris at the flat's large balcony DIRECT to historic Saint Sulpice church and Saint Germain des Prés abbey, Le Bon Marché exclusive department store and at the heart of high-end Saint Germain shopping district. LESS than 10 min walk to typical French ""Luxembourg garden"", The Pantheon and montparnasse train station.‎ THE FLAT : Large living room + 2 separate bedrooms, each having its deluxe en-suite bathroom. Can sleep 4 people, and a child in the living room comfortably. 67 square meters/ 721 Sq ft. Fifth floor with lift in ""Pierre de Taille"" building from 20th century. Surrounded by Haussmanian architecture in its essence, including a historic preserved building ""Parisian hotel particulier"" right in front of the flat. All amenities within 3 min (3 supermarkets, pharmacy, cheese and meat boutiques, three-time-a-week open air fre"
16001	Lovely Parisian apartment located in the very heart of Paris in Saint-Germain-Des-Prés.  This 30 m² flat has been fully renovated in 2014 in a modern and simple style.  There is a spacious living room with a convertible sofa bed and a totally equiped kitchen.  The second room is a nice bedroom with a queen size bed and a bathroom with shower and a washing machine. Very sunny apartement , on the last floor (equiped with an elevator) where you will enjoy the nice view on the Paris ceilings.  Towels, Bed sheets, Soap, Shampoo, Toilet Paper are provided. You'll also find all the shops you need like  bakeries, cheese shops, wine shops... Contact me by phone or email. 	Apt 2 pièces moderne situé dans le quartier exclusif de St. Germain des Près. Idéal pour découvrir la vie Parisienne en couple, visiter les nombreux monuments à proximité (Louvre à 5mn à pied) et profiter des bars cafés et resto typiques de Paris. Lovely Parisian apartment located in the very heart of Paris in Saint-Germain-Des-Prés.  This 30 m² flat has been fully renovated in 2014 in a modern and simple style.  There is a spacious living room with a convertible sofa bed and a totally equiped kitchen.  The second room is a nice bedroom with a queen size bed and a bathroom with shower and a washing machine. Very sunny apartement , on the last floor (equiped with an elevator) where you will enjoy the nice view on the Paris ceilings.  Towels, Bed sheets, Soap, Shampoo, Toilet Paper are provided. You'll also find all the shops you need like  bakeries, cheese shops, wine shops... Contact me by phone or email. 200 channels Cable (french + international channels) High-speed Wifi internet acc
16002	Quiet studio in an attractive area . 	Charming studio located in an attractive area , 3 rd floor , elevator , quiet , full equipped , shower room , wc ,laundry , tv , wifi . Near shops , restaurants, cinema ,Luxembourg garden .  Métro Saint Michel / Odéon . RER B/C . Quiet studio in an attractive area .  Wifi, tv, dvd , laundry machine.  Mail . Rer B / Metro 4, 10 / Bus 96, 58 ...
16003	Vous êtes les bienvenus dans ce magnifique appartement tout équipé de 70m2 refait neuf. Vous profitez de sa luminosité exceptionnelle ainsi que du balcon pour savourer votre petit déjeuner ou autre repas à l'air libre. Un lit véritable king size est situé dans la première chambre. Un lit une place de 90 x 200 cm est également mis a disposition et peut être installé dans la seconde chambre (pour le moment deux lits pour bébé et enfant y sont pour les besoins de la famille). Un autre lit une place pour adulte est mis à disposition dans un espace confiné à abris d'une majorité de la lumière du salon. (dimensions : 140 x 180 cm)  Les 2 salles de bain vous permettent si vous êtes nombreux d'avoir votre indépendance sur ce plan. Cuisine totalement equipé avec micro-ondes, cafetière Nespresso, lave linge dernière génération ultra silencieux, sèche linge, lave vaisselle moderne.	Splendide appartement 4 pièces refait à neuf de 70m2 entre le quartier Saint germain des Près et la Monnaie.  Très calme, lumineux, vous profitez d'un mobilier au goût du jour ainsi que d'un ravissant balcon. Une place de parking privé à disposition. Vous êtes les bienvenus dans ce magnifique appartement tout équipé de 70m2 refait neuf. Vous profitez de sa luminosité exceptionnelle ainsi que du balcon pour savourer votre petit déjeuner ou autre repas à l'air libre. Un lit véritable king size est situé dans la première chambre. Un lit une place de 90 x 200 cm est également mis a disposition et peut être installé dans la seconde chambre (pour le moment deux lits pour bébé et enfant y sont pour les besoins de la famille). Un autre lit une place pour adulte est mis à disposition dans un espace confiné à abris d'une majorité de la lumière du salon. (dimensions : 140 x 180 cm)  Les 2 salles de bain vous permettent si vous êtes nombreux d'avoir votre indépendance sur ce plan. Cuisine totaleme
16004	The elegance of the Rue du Buci apartment provides a contemplative complement to the hustle and bustle of the thriving market street located just around the corner on the rue de Seine.  Perched on the window sill of your high-ceiling salon, four floors above the street activity (with an elevator to get you there), one is close enough to follow the movements of those coming to and fro while still remaining elevated enough to assume the role of curious spectator watching the actors from the upper stalls.  Looking up from your window-side position, you note that the backdrop is magnificent as floral balconies and Parisian rooftops lead the eye to the intersection of the Rue de Buci, with the Boulevard St. Germain to your right and its junction with the celebrated Rue de Seine to your left. Watch Parisians with long-nosed watering cans water their geraniums during the summer months or decorate their window alcoves with white fairy lights and clove studded oranges as the winter draws in.  R	Bright and Sunny, the Fabulous French Decor will steal your heart, in this comfortable and elegant flat in the heart of St Germain!  The elegance of the Rue du Buci apartment provides a contemplative complement to the hustle and bustle of the thriving market street located just around the corner on the rue de Seine.  Perched on the window sill of your high-ceiling salon, four floors above the street activity (with an elevator to get you there), one is close enough to follow the movements of those coming to and fro while still remaining elevated enough to assume the role of curious spectator watching the actors from the upper stalls.  Looking up from your window-side position, you note that the backdrop is magnificent as floral balconies and Parisian rooftops lead the eye to the intersection of the Rue de Buci, with the Boulevard St. Germain to your right and its junction with the celebrated Rue de Seine to your left. Watch Parisians with long-nosed watering cans water their geraniums d
16005	Very beautiful neighborhood. Very nice to visit it by foot. There is a lot of bars and restaurants nearby, you can find more informations in the guide. 2 min walking to the bank of the Seine, Pont des Arts bridge and Pont Neuf bridge. 5 min walking to the Luxembourg and French Law Chamber : Le Sénat. 5 min walking to île Saint-Louis & île de la Cité where stand Notre-Dame de Paris. 5 min walking to Le Bon Marché. 10/15 min walking to Louvre Museum and Orsay Museum. Full of restaurants, bars and shops. Subway 04 - Odéon & Saint Germain des Prés -Direct to Gare de l'Est Subway 10 - Odéon & Mabillon RER A - Saint Michel - Direct to Roissy CDG airport & Orly airport & Gare du Nord Bus 63 - Direct to Gare de Lyon & Gare d'Austerlitz Bus 95 - Direct to Gare Montparnasse & Gare Saint Lazare Bus 96 - Direct to Gare Montparnasse	Typical Saint-Germain des Prés flat with visible wooden beams. Perfect for a couple, situated in the center of Paris.  5 min walking to Saint-Michel, Luxembourg, Notre-Dame,... Direct public transport from all airports and railroad stations. Very beautiful neighborhood. Very nice to visit it by foot. There is a lot of bars and restaurants nearby, you can find more informations in the guide. 2 min walking to the bank of the Seine, Pont des Arts bridge and Pont Neuf bridge. 5 min walking to the Luxembourg and French Law Chamber : Le Sénat. 5 min walking to île Saint-Louis & île de la Cité where stand Notre-Dame de Paris. 5 min walking to Le Bon Marché. 10/15 min walking to Louvre Museum and Orsay Museum. Full of restaurants, bars and shops. Subway 04 - Odéon & Saint Germain des Prés -Direct to Gare de l'Est Subway 10 - Odéon & Mabillon RER A - Saint Michel - Direct to Roissy CDG airport & Orly airport & Gare du Nord Bus 63 - Direct to Gare de Lyon & Gare d'Austerlitz Bus 95 - Direct to G
16006	2 rooms apartment 56m2, 3m70 high,with old exposed beams,cheminey,very cosy and comfortable,calm!! A charming bedroom with her marble and mirrors ´bathroom .	TWO CHARMING ROOMS 'APPARTMENT WITH WOOD ON THE ROOF AND WALL,CHIMENEY,VERY CALM ON 2 COURT YARDS,HEART OF ST GERMAIN DES PRES SEPARATED KITCHEN WITH ALL COMMODITIES HEART OF ST GERMAIN DES PRES 2 rooms apartment 56m2, 3m70 high,with old exposed beams,cheminey,very cosy and comfortable,calm!! A charming bedroom with her marble and mirrors ´bathroom . Access to the entire apartment Metro,buses maps,and books with all the shops,restaurants and so on..are at your disposal in the apartment St. Germain des Près,famous neighborhood for all his restaurants,shopping,bars..... Immediate access to all transportations:métro,bus,RER.... Notre Dame de Paris,Le Louvre,Orsay museum by foot distance! Métro stop: Odeon,lines 4 and 10 taxis stop at the corner of Bd St Germain and rue de l'Ancienne Comédie No extra guests: 2 maximum No animal allowed
16007	"This studio of 18 square meters of space is located Rue Dauphine in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, near the Saint-Germain-des-Prés/Saint-Michel neighborhood, and a few meters from the Pont Neuf. It is located on the 5th floor and has an elevator. It features a lounge / dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and toilet. It offers all the modern comforts for up to 2 guests, for a leisure or business trip. The apartment was completely renovated in 2012 and its decoration is neat. It is served by the metro station ""Pont Neuf"", ""Saint-Germain-des-Prés"" or ""Saint-Michel"". equipment The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Elevator - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Hi-Fi - machine - towels - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - coffee maker - Iron - Washing machine - vacuum - Ironing board living Area of 15 m², it has an east facing window and is equipped wit"	"This studio of 18 square meters of space is located Rue Dauphine in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, near the Saint-Germain-des-Prés/Saint-Michel neighborhood, and a few meters from the Pont Neuf. It is located on the 5th floor and has an elevator. It features a lounge / dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and toilet. It offers all the modern comforts for up to 2 guests, for a leisure or business trip. The apartment was completely renovated in 2012 and its decoration is neat. It is served by the metro station ""Pont Neuf"", ""Saint-Germain-des-Prés"" or ""Saint-Michel"". equipment The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Elevator - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Hi-Fi - machine - towels - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - coffee maker - Iron - Washing machine - vacuum - Ironing board living Area of 15 m², it has an east facing window and is equipped wit"
16008	35 sqm2 Charming two rooms apartment. Parquet - fireplace (not usable). One big living room One small bedroom with a double bed One shower room with WC. 1st floor without elevator. Secured building.	"In rue Guisarde, Charming two rooms apartment, with parquet and fireplace (not usable). In St germain, area very pleasant, full of typical french restaurants and shops where you can buy food, stylish clothes and macarons:) ! Close to the Métro 4 & 10 35 sqm2 Charming two rooms apartment. Parquet - fireplace (not usable). One big living room One small bedroom with a double bed One shower room with WC. 1st floor without elevator. Secured building. Very easy access from metro line 4 and 10 St germain des près or Mabillon The full apartment is rent to you Very nice area in the middle of the Latin Quarter. ""Le village St Germain des près"" Full of bars and plenty authentic restaurants. Ideal for enjoying Paris while traveling as a couple or in a business trip. Metro line 4 and 10. Very easy access. By renting this flat, you will have a real authentic parisian experience."
16009	The rue St. André des Arts is a 13th century street that has a number of fine 'hôtels particuliers', which is just one reason why many regular visitors to Paris prefer staying in the Left Bank's historical district. Situated about midway down the street, this lovely apartment happens to be in the most beautiful building on the rue St. André des Arts. Built in 1740 by the wealthy Baron de la Bussière from the Angoumois region, whose family was very prominent during the reign of Charles the Ninth. In 1794, during the period of French revolutionary turmoil, Louis Guillaume, Bishop of Orange and Deputy for the Clergy during the Estates General was arrested in this house during the Reign of Terror and was later released after the 9th Thermidor. The Baron spared no expense in making this edifice into a finely crafted, elegantly proportioned building with some of the finest carved stone detailing found anywhere in Paris. The exquisitely carved stone Bacchus above the cellar door is unrivalled	Special Discounted Rate!! Oo La La!!  Emerce yourself in French Elegance in the heart of St Germain in this 16th century Hotel Particular! Comfort and Jouy!! :) Very chic, comfortable and just steps away from major sites!!! The rue St. André des Arts is a 13th century street that has a number of fine 'hôtels particuliers', which is just one reason why many regular visitors to Paris prefer staying in the Left Bank's historical district. Situated about midway down the street, this lovely apartment happens to be in the most beautiful building on the rue St. André des Arts. Built in 1740 by the wealthy Baron de la Bussière from the Angoumois region, whose family was very prominent during the reign of Charles the Ninth. In 1794, during the period of French revolutionary turmoil, Louis Guillaume, Bishop of Orange and Deputy for the Clergy during the Estates General was arrested in this house during the Reign of Terror and was later released after the 9th Thermidor. The Baron spared no expens
16010	"Paris, 6th district (left bank), by Montparnasse. I'm renting my newly renovated studio. It is in a lovely building that is located in the very heart of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of Montparnasse. It is brand new, fully equipped. Ideal to visit the city and perfect for a couple! The studio is 20 meters square and located in the first floor, with a lift.  The apartment is very close to many subway stations (Vavin,Notre dame des champs, Montparnasse) and bus stops. The neighborhood includes a dozen movie theaters and several shopping areas are within walking distance: the mall at the Montparnasse Tower, the very animated Rue de Rennes, and last but not least, the famous Bon Marche (the oldest department store in the world). There is a supermarket 50 meters away from the apartment, a corner store opened until late within the building and 4 typical brasseries within 100-meter distance. It's just 5 minutes walking distance from the famous ""jardins du Luxembourg"".  See you soon! "	"Paris, 6th district (left bank), by Montparnasse. I'm renting my newly renovated studio. It is in a lovely building that is located in the very heart of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of Montparnasse. It is brand new, fully equipped. Ideal to visit the city and perfect for a couple! The studio is 20 meters square and located in the first floor, with a lift.  The apartment is very close to many subway stations (Vavin,Notre dame des champs, Montparnasse) and bus stops. The neighborhood includes a dozen movie theaters and several shopping areas are within walking distance: the mall at the Montparnasse Tower, the very animated Rue de Rennes, and last but not least, the famous Bon Marche (the oldest department store in the world). There is a supermarket 50 meters away from the apartment, a corner store opened until late within the building and 4 typical brasseries within 100-meter distance. It's just 5 minutes walking distance from the famous ""jardins du Luxembourg"".  See you soon! "
16011	This sunny, charismatic 1-bedroom apartment is located on the rue Saint-André-des-Arts, near the Place Saint Michel and the Seine River. It's on the 5th floor of an elegant building in the heart of Paris's medieval district. The open living area is composed of a kitchen with breakfast bar, and a sitting room with a sofa and television. The air-conditioned bedroom, which contains a queen-sized bed, is located in the rear of the apartment. The bathroom contains a sink, toilet, and shower. All of the rooms look over an interior courtyard, meaning that the apartment stays incredibly quiet. The apartment is very charming and fully equipped, containing a washer/dryer, stove, oven, dishwasher, microwave, and coffee machine	This sunny, charismatic 1-bedroom apartment is located on the rue Saint-André-des-Arts, near the Place Saint Michel and the Seine River. Air-conditioned, it's on the 5th floor of an elegant building in the heart of Paris's medieval district.  This sunny, charismatic 1-bedroom apartment is located on the rue Saint-André-des-Arts, near the Place Saint Michel and the Seine River. It's on the 5th floor of an elegant building in the heart of Paris's medieval district. The open living area is composed of a kitchen with breakfast bar, and a sitting room with a sofa and television. The air-conditioned bedroom, which contains a queen-sized bed, is located in the rear of the apartment. The bathroom contains a sink, toilet, and shower. All of the rooms look over an interior courtyard, meaning that the apartment stays incredibly quiet. The apartment is very charming and fully equipped, containing a washer/dryer, stove, oven, dishwasher, microwave, and coffee machine The unit is private, so all coo
16012	PRÉSENTATION DU BIEN : Il s'agit d'un studio de 15m2 situé au 5ème étage d'un petit immeuble très calme, à deux pas du célèbre Bon Marché, ou encore, du très réputé Hôpital Necker. Le studio est tout équipé, Kitchenette neuve, plaques inductions. Salle de douche, WC. Meublé en ancien. Wifi, TV Sony écran plat au mur. Rare dans Paris, sa grande fenêtre donne sur les arbres d'un petit parc appartenant aux sœurs de Saint Germain des Près. Vous serez enchantés par le chant des oiseaux toute l'année. Précision pour répondre a la questions de certaines personnes intéressées par ce site de location : Avec AIRBNB on DÉCLARE TOUT AUX SERVICES PUBLICS GRÂCE À UNE FEUILLE SPÉCIALE REMISE AVEC NOTRE DÉCLARATION D'IMPÔTS, NOUS LOUONS PAR CE BIAIS ET DÉCLARONS DONC TOUTES LES LOCATIONS EFFECTUÉES AUX IMPÔTS :-) Et oui ! Avec Airbnb, nous sommes protégés, publics et officiels ! 	Charmant studio équipé de 15m2 avec vue dégagée sur le parc arboré et silencieux d'une demeure appartenant aux sœurs de Saint Germain des Prés. Il s'agit d'un studio tout équipé, situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur d'un ancien couvent classé de 1637. PRÉSENTATION DU BIEN : Il s'agit d'un studio de 15m2 situé au 5ème étage d'un petit immeuble très calme, à deux pas du célèbre Bon Marché, ou encore, du très réputé Hôpital Necker. Le studio est tout équipé, Kitchenette neuve, plaques inductions. Salle de douche, WC. Meublé en ancien. Wifi, TV Sony écran plat au mur. Rare dans Paris, sa grande fenêtre donne sur les arbres d'un petit parc appartenant aux sœurs de Saint Germain des Près. Vous serez enchantés par le chant des oiseaux toute l'année. Précision pour répondre a la questions de certaines personnes intéressées par ce site de location : Avec AIRBNB on DÉCLARE TOUT AUX SERVICES PUBLICS GRÂCE À UNE FEUILLE SPÉCIALE REMISE AVEC NOTRE DÉCLARATION D'IMPÔTS, NOUS LOUONS PAR CE BIAIS ET DÉC
16013	One of the best location for Paris in the old and the heart of the city.  Located under the roof top of a 18th century building, at the 4th floor (no lift) 65 sq meter 3 rooms apartment with 2 bedrooms, 1 saloon, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet and a fully equip kitchen. All facilities are there including a bluethooth sound system, microwave, oven, dishwasher, international tv channels, safe box, high speed wifi internet, AC in the master bedroom, dvd and blue-ray player. Very charming apartment where you will feel like a parisien. This building was the property of the famous Painter François Gerard 200 years ago. Some of his work are in the Louvre museum and in the Metropolitan Museum of New York.	A typical Paris apartement in the city heart located in Saint Germain des Près. 65 sqm flat with 2 bedrooms, 1  living room, 1 fully equip kitchen, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. Located on the 4th floor of a 18th century building. Very near by the Seine river. One of the best location for Paris in the old and the heart of the city.  Located under the roof top of a 18th century building, at the 4th floor (no lift) 65 sq meter 3 rooms apartment with 2 bedrooms, 1 saloon, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet and a fully equip kitchen. All facilities are there including a bluethooth sound system, microwave, oven, dishwasher, international tv channels, safe box, high speed wifi internet, AC in the master bedroom, dvd and blue-ray player. Very charming apartment where you will feel like a parisien. This building was the property of the famous Painter François Gerard 200 years ago. Some of his work are in the Louvre museum and in the Metropolitan Museum of New York. Full access to the apartment facilities. High s
16014	The kitchen has granite countertops, all new appliances (including washer/dryer and dishwasher), and is well equipped for those who like to (website hidden) in Paris is a delight with the best markets -the Market at rue de Buci St. Germain is a visual and gourmet delight- wine shops, and an American-style grocery stores nearby. Three individual Murphy beds that pull out of the walls are the great surprise in this studio. Don't want to make up your bed in the morning? No problem! Just tuck it away and forget about it. The double bed has a firm mattress and feels comfortable to a 6ft tall person. The individual bunk beds also smartly fold up into the opposite wall. From the bottom bed a small table folds out which can be used for work or eating. There is also a fold out dining table not shown in the photos. The new WC is separate from the bathroom. With a 100 litre water tank you will not run short of hot water in the spa-like bathroom which features a heated towel rail, granite countert	Located in the heart of bustling St. Germain des Pres (Latin Quarter), this newly-renovated studio in Paris' famous Left Bank is a paradise on the historic rue Dauphine. At 40 sq metres (430 sq ft), the apartment comfortably accommodates two adults with one or two children. 11 foot high ceilings with exposed original wood beams and windows on either side of the apartment, provide great light and a sense of airy spaciousness. The kitchen has granite countertops, all new appliances (including washer/dryer and dishwasher), and is well equipped for those who like to (website hidden) in Paris is a delight with the best markets -the Market at rue de Buci St. Germain is a visual and gourmet delight- wine shops, and an American-style grocery stores nearby. Three individual Murphy beds that pull out of the walls are the great surprise in this studio. Don't want to make up your bed in the morning? No problem! Just tuck it away and forget about it. The double bed has a firm mattress and feels com
16015	Fantastic location: Pont Neuf, Place St-Michel, Notre Dame, Ile Saint-Louis, Saint-Germain des Prés, Châtelet walk distance.	In the Heart of Paris Quai des Grands Augustins, on paved courtyard. Private house: 4 floors. Elevator. 3 bedrooms: 2 double beds and 2 single beds. 2 bathrooms. Jacuzzi, Steam Shower. Make your stay a memorable one. Fantastic location: Pont Neuf, Place St-Michel, Notre Dame, Ile Saint-Louis, Saint-Germain des Prés, Châtelet walk distance. Ground floor: Living room, library. 1st floor: Suite with separate bathroom: Jacuzzi, steam shower. 2nd floor: 2 single beds with en suite bathroom. 3rd floor: Duplex room with 2nd floor; Winter lounge. 4th floor; duplex with 3rd floor, dining room and kitchen. Televisions: Ground Floor and 3rd floor. Saint Michel:  RER, Metro, Bus. Taxi station. Visconti Parking, Place St-Michel.
16016	First floor Paris falt to rent of 310 sq.ft with an open kitchenette. The living room is equipped with a double bed, and a table and chairs for two people. The marble bathroom contains a combination bath/shower and a toilet. This is an excellent apartment to rent for your stay in Paris.	"A Paris apartment rental situated in a neighbourhood where the most famous names in fashion and design have their shops. This lovely apartment is located in a 17th century building in Paris. First floor Paris falt to rent of 310 sq.ft with an open kitchenette. The living room is equipped with a double bed, and a table and chairs for two people. The marble bathroom contains a combination bath/shower and a toilet. This is an excellent apartment to rent for your stay in Paris. Apartment rental in Paris located between Montparnasse and Saint Germain des Près, this charming ""pied à terre"" will seduce every shopping addict! The most famous names in fashion and design have their shops in the neighborhood. ""Le Bon Marché"" , the equivalent of Macy’s, is just in front of the Paris apartment. MÉTRO   Vaneau   Sèvres-Babylone   Rennes   Saint-Placide   Duroc"
16017	Completely renovated, this fully furnished apartment type studio-loft doesn't get any more central and trendy than this. Suitable for 3 people. The living room is equipped with all the amenities you will need during your stay. It has a very nice environment. The view is very pretty. The kitchen is fully equipped so you can prepare delicious meals during your stay. Very quiet and bright first French floor . Amenities: One Bed, New double sofa bed, Fully equipped kitchen, Washer and Dryer, Refrigerator, Cooking Utensils provided, Toaster, Cable TV, Linens provided, Hoover, Hair-Dryer, High speed Internet unlimited wi-fi modem,... Here you can relax in the Luxembourg Gardens, stroll the absolutely lovely boulevards, and stop at one (or both) of Paris' two most famous cafes: the unforgettable Cafe de Flore and the Hemingway’s favorite, les Deux Magots. Be warned: if you stay in here, you might not ever want to leave.  You will find everything you need in the area (supermarket, cinema, bars	Completely renovated, this fully furnished apartment type studio-loft doesn't get any more central and trendy than this. Suitable for 3 people. The living room is equipped with all the amenities you will need during your stay. It has a very nice environment. The view is very pretty. The kitchen is fully equipped so you can prepare delicious meals during your stay. Very quiet and bright first French floor . Amenities: One Bed, New double sofa bed, Fully equipped kitchen, Washer and Dryer, Refrigerator, Cooking Utensils provided, Toaster, Cable TV, Linens provided, Hoover, Hair-Dryer, High speed Internet unlimited wi-fi modem,... Here you can relax in the Luxembourg Gardens, stroll the absolutely lovely boulevards, and stop at one (or both) of Paris' two most famous cafes: the unforgettable Cafe de Flore and the Hemingway’s favorite, les Deux Magots. Be warned: if you stay in here, you might not ever want to leave.  You will find everything you need in the area (supermarket, cinema, bars
16018	This upscale loft style residence with soaring ceilings is a favorite of honeymooners and ideal for the couple who demands the lively excitement of Paris in a killer location. All this in a spacious, serenely quiet apartment.	This spacious, comfortable 1 BR apartment is housed in a 17th century Latin Quarter building in one of the most desirable neighborhoods in Paris. Steps away from the Seine River, its romantic quais as well as the historic cafes,  shops, restaurants   This upscale loft style residence with soaring ceilings is a favorite of honeymooners and ideal for the couple who demands the lively excitement of Paris in a killer location. All this in a spacious, serenely quiet apartment. Whole apartment. No owner interactions.  English speaking greeter. The apartment is located in the Latin Quarter. There you will find innumerable historic cafes and restaurants such as the Cafe de Flore and Les Deux Magots favorite haunts for Picasso, Fitzgerald, Hemingway and Satre to name a few.  The nearby Procope established in 1686 was a meeting place for Voltaire, Napoleon, Thomas Jefferson, Ben Franklin and many other celebrities of their time. You can stroll on to the Buci Market, the Luxembourg Gardens,  the 
16019	This apartment is located Rue du Dragon in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres.  It is on the 5th floor of a building that has been completely renovated.  Completely renovated in 2013, this apartment has been tastefully decorated by a professional decorator. Fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, internet WIFI, TV, linens, ...) It consists of an entrance with kitchenette( hob, sink, fridge, dishwasher). A large room with a double sofa bed, a desk, a sofa with a large balcony. A shower roomwith toilet. neighborhood Located in the heart ofStSaintGermain des Prés. Near the National Assembly,the street of Sevres and Saint Germain desclosely, you'll be 5 minuteswalk from the Bon Marché department store ancestor and 10minutes from the Invalides and the Musée d'Orsay. SaintGermaindes Présis one of the trendiest districtsin Paris known for its fashionable shopsas well as art galleries. The apartmentis close to many transport. Many tradersare close to the apartment : Bakery, Butchery,Open	This apartment is located Rue du Dragon in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres.  It is on the 5th floor of a building that has been completely renovated.  Completely renovated in 2013, this apartment has been tastefully decorated by a professional decorator. Fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, internet WIFI, TV, linens, ...) It consists of an entrance with kitchenette( hob, sink, fridge, dishwasher). A large room with a double sofa bed, a desk, a sofa with a large balcony. A shower roomwith toilet. neighborhood Located in the heart ofStSaintGermain des Prés. Near the National Assembly,the street of Sevres and Saint Germain desclosely, you'll be 5 minuteswalk from the Bon Marché department store ancestor and 10minutes from the Invalides and the Musée d'Orsay. SaintGermaindes Présis one of the trendiest districtsin Paris known for its fashionable shopsas well as art galleries. The apartmentis close to many transport. Many tradersare close to the apartment : Bakery, Butchery,Open
16020	Located in a silent street in Saint Germain des Près, this typical Hausmanian parisian apartment has been decorated with contemporary art and antiques along the years. A lot of light comes in through large windows all along the year. Fully equiped kitchen, elevator access, large television, toilet apart from shower, and super amazing nasa matress. Just up the street is the Saint Placide station, (line 4, gets you north and south in paris), and two blocks away you find lines 12 and 10. Right next to Le Bon Marché and La Grande Épicérie, this appartment is walking distance away from the left bank's most charming shopping streets.	Charming appartment close to Bon Marché, La Grand L'Epicérie, next to Jardin Luxembourg, main shopping areas of Saint Germain des Près, Église Saint Sulpice Located in a silent street in Saint Germain des Près, this typical Hausmanian parisian apartment has been decorated with contemporary art and antiques along the years. A lot of light comes in through large windows all along the year. Fully equiped kitchen, elevator access, large television, toilet apart from shower, and super amazing nasa matress. Just up the street is the Saint Placide station, (line 4, gets you north and south in paris), and two blocks away you find lines 12 and 10. Right next to Le Bon Marché and La Grande Épicérie, this appartment is walking distance away from the left bank's most charming shopping streets. Our housekeeper will welcome you at your arrival and show you the house. During your stay, she will come at least once a week at the house to water the plants, wash and iron the linen and bedding (no extra f
16021	 I'm Paul and I have some good news!20% DISCOUNT FOR A LIMITED TIME IS APPLIED TO ALL GUESTS WHO SEE MESSAGE! When  contacting me type the email manually, email: home1980@ġmẋ.ċóm 	2 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom, 1 Kitchen, 1 Living Area, Sleeps 4
16022	Charming studio in the heart of Saint Germain (right on the corner of the plaza! rue du dragon). Come enjoy the beautiful view from the 6th and 7th floors (it's a duplex)  comfortable double bed + double sofa bed, and a cute balcony  - quiet (nobody above or next the apartment, it's at the last floor of the building) - amazing view (you can see the church saint germain des pros, the Pantheon and the church Saint Sulpice) - very bright from early in the morning to late in the afternoon.  Subway: Saint-germain-des-prés, line 4 (20 sec) Rue du bac, line 12 (5 min) Odéon, line 10 (5 min) many buses,  Though you don't even need public transportation! everything is near you : the Latin quarter, the pantheon, the louvre (5 min, just have to cross the river), the Luxembourg Garden... You can't find a better location!  	Charming and very sunny studio in the heart of Saint Germain (right on the corner of the plaza! rue du dragon).Come enjoy the amazing view from the 6th and 7th floors (it's a duplex). From the balcony you can see l'église saint germain, and from the bedroom you can see the Panthéon and l'église Saint surplice.The only thing is that there is no elevator, but it is worth it to be that high: you are above the other roofs, the apartment is sunny all day, you have no disturbing neighboors and you can't hear the noise from the street! Also, it's good for your health ;)There is a comfortable double bed in the bed room + a double sofa bed in the living room, a cute kitchenette, a (email hidden)l furniture is new. You couldn't find a better location, at the very heart of Paris and in the best area: Saint Germain- 10 min from Le Louvre- 10 min from Le luxembourg- 5 min from Odéon- 15 min from le Panthéon
16023	le logement comprend une pièce de 15m2 avec coin salon salle à manger cuisine, petit espace salle de bain avec lavabo douche et miroir. une mezzanine avec lit 2 place télévision et dressing a disposition. Free wifi, Air Conditioning. Immeuble de standing, quiet and cosy. Ground floor.  the housing includes a 15m2 room with lounge dining kitchen , small space bathroom with shower, basin and mirror. a mezzanine with 2 bed and dressing up TV at disposal. Free WiFi, Air Conditioning . Luxury building , quiet and cosy. Ground floor .	Petit studio de 15m2 entre Odéon et Mabillon au cœur de Saint Germain des Prés. Propre, soigné et confortable idéal pour découvrir Paris quelques jours, en couple ou en solitaire le quartier est agréable, vivant et très pratique. enjoy your trip :)  le logement comprend une pièce de 15m2 avec coin salon salle à manger cuisine, petit espace salle de bain avec lavabo douche et miroir. une mezzanine avec lit 2 place télévision et dressing a disposition. Free wifi, Air Conditioning. Immeuble de standing, quiet and cosy. Ground floor.  the housing includes a 15m2 room with lounge dining kitchen , small space bathroom with shower, basin and mirror. a mezzanine with 2 bed and dressing up TV at disposal. Free WiFi, Air Conditioning . Luxury building , quiet and cosy. Ground floor . Métro : -Odéon ligne 4               -Mabillon ligne 10 RER B : -Saint-Michel- Notre Dame                -Luxembourg                je serais sans doute présent a votre arrivé et votre départ. je pourrais vous expli
16024	This studio is located in a typical St Germain des Pres building is on the 4th floor and it has no lift. Very few buildings in the area are equipped with lifts, its part of the charm. It has a bathroom equipped with a sink, shower and cloths washer. The main area of the studio can classified into four areas: 1. Open space kitchen - fully equipped - fridge, freezer, dishwasher, coffe maker, toaster, kettle, cooker and microwave as well as lots of pots, pans , utensils; 2. The main sleeping area a large double bed; 3. Living area equipped with a small double sofa bed; and 4. The dining area with dining table and chairs.	This is an ideal base to enjoy Paris like Parisians do. The mythical St Germain des Pres area was the haunt of many famous people Sartre, de Beuvoir, Hemingway, Fitzgerald and ................... Its perfect to while the time away in the Cafe Flore or Deux Magots or to go shopping. This studio is located in a typical St Germain des Pres building is on the 4th floor and it has no lift. Very few buildings in the area are equipped with lifts, its part of the charm. It has a bathroom equipped with a sink, shower and cloths washer. The main area of the studio can classified into four areas: 1. Open space kitchen - fully equipped - fridge, freezer, dishwasher, coffe maker, toaster, kettle, cooker and microwave as well as lots of pots, pans , utensils; 2. The main sleeping area a large double bed; 3. Living area equipped with a small double sofa bed; and 4. The dining area with dining table and chairs. Saint-Germain-des-Prés is an area of the 6th Arrondissment of Paris, France, located around
16025	This charming modern studio is located right in the Centre of Paris a block away from the Seine river. It is on the second floor of a quiet 19th century building. This private studio is spread across 20 m2 with a private bathroom. It also includes a fully equipped kitchen. Perfect for couples. Very quiet (windows are not on the street but over a peaceful courtyard). Feel free to ask for specific details. 	This studios of 20m2 is perfectly equiped and laid out. Nested a stones throw away from the river Seine and in the middle of the St-Germain des pres quarter it is ideal for visiting Paris.   This charming modern studio is located right in the Centre of Paris a block away from the Seine river. It is on the second floor of a quiet 19th century building. This private studio is spread across 20 m2 with a private bathroom. It also includes a fully equipped kitchen. Perfect for couples. Very quiet (windows are not on the street but over a peaceful courtyard). Feel free to ask for specific details. The apartment will be fully yours, none of the space is shared. Simply to give the keys and respond in case any assistance is required. The Rue D’Auphine is located in the heart of Paris in the Saint Germain des prés quarter. It is a 5 min walk from the Pont Neuf, the oldest bridge in Paris (unlike its name). You can let yourself guided on nearby cruising boats to discover Paris, its history and ar
16026	Appartement situé en plein cœur de Paris	"Appartement situé en plein cœur de Paris Very nice bedroom in a huge and typical ""Haussmann"" apartment, in the center of Paris. You will have your own bathroom. You can use the living room, internet etc...  Every morning, I will make a nice breakfast that you'll enjoy in the spacious and beautiful living room. Less than 165 meters, you will find the metro stations: Port Royal (RER B), Vavin (line 4), and Notre Dame des Champs (line 12). This beautiful flat is also perfectly located. In the 6th arrondissement, you'll be nearby the best highlights of Paris.  I am looking forward to welcoming you at my place."
16027	The room has a private bathroom with shower + bath.  The bed is a pull-out sofa bed, and the room has a sliding door opening to the living room.	Very close to Le Bon Marche store, and 10 minutes walk from Montparnasse station.  The room has a window facing the street, which is very quiet & peaceful at night.  5 minutes walk to Vaneau metro station & several bus lines.  Bathroom may be shared The room has a private bathroom with shower + bath.  The bed is a pull-out sofa bed, and the room has a sliding door opening to the living room. Private bedroom, toilet, and access to the living room, dining room and kitchen. Myself and 1 other person that lives here will be staying in our own room during your stay. 5 minutes' walk to Vaneau metro station and Sevres-Babylone.
16028	At the second floor of an old, renovated, quiet building, This charming 35m2 apartment, right in the heart of Saint-Germain will be ideal for a romantic get away in Paris.  The very height ceiling, the exposed beams, the wooden floor, and the mezzanines, all make the loft very spacious and confortable. The interior design and the decoration was thought carefully, making the apartment very warm and relaxing. Very confortable 140x200m bed. The bedroom has a spacial mezzanine with a futon and coussins, perfect to escape and read a book. The kitchen is well laid out and fully equipped, convenient for a small chef. The location is just the best. Get all around Paris very easily, by foot or metro (1 minute away from Odeon - metro line 10 & 4). Right in the middle from Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Le Pantheon and the Luxembourg Parc. The apartment gives on a lively small pedestrian street, filled with restaurants and bars just nearby. But do not worry about the noise with the double glazed windows.	The perfect apartment for a romantic get away. 35m2 artist's loft with 1 bedroom, a spacious living room and 2 cozy mezzanines. Ceiling above 3,5 meters, wooden floor. 1 min away from Odeon, a few more from Notre Dame and Le Louvre. What else... At the second floor of an old, renovated, quiet building, This charming 35m2 apartment, right in the heart of Saint-Germain will be ideal for a romantic get away in Paris.  The very height ceiling, the exposed beams, the wooden floor, and the mezzanines, all make the loft very spacious and confortable. The interior design and the decoration was thought carefully, making the apartment very warm and relaxing. Very confortable 140x200m bed. The bedroom has a spacial mezzanine with a futon and coussins, perfect to escape and read a book. The kitchen is well laid out and fully equipped, convenient for a small chef. The location is just the best. Get all around Paris very easily, by foot or metro (1 minute away from Odeon - metro line 10 & 4). Right 
16029	We tried to decorate our apartment with a modern and design taste in a pretty traditional neighborhood. The main bedroom is very cosy and luminous. The two others are perfect for children but are also fit for adults.  In the large living room, you can have a DVD-night on the screen or a classy diner with friends. Main bedroom : 1 double Second bedroom : 2 single bunk beds Third bedroom : 1 single and 1 pull-out bed One bathroom and one shower room.	"Our apartment is ideally located, 100m from the beautiful ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" in the 6th arrondissement. It can host up to 6 people thanks to three large bedrooms. The living room is wide and has a balcony. We tried to decorate our apartment with a modern and design taste in a pretty traditional neighborhood. The main bedroom is very cosy and luminous. The two others are perfect for children but are also fit for adults.  In the large living room, you can have a DVD-night on the screen or a classy diner with friends. Main bedroom : 1 double Second bedroom : 2 single bunk beds Third bedroom : 1 single and 1 pull-out bed One bathroom and one shower room. You can enjoy the whole apartment ! There is also a parking lot available in the building. We have a friend who takes care of our apartment when we're not there. He will be there to assist you. Le 6ème arrondissement is, for me, the best place to discover Paris. Le Jardin du Luxembourg is a very nice park that host the french Senate. 1"
16030	Great flat totally renovated. Beautiful and typical building in the heart of Paris. Very central	Bright flat in the heart of Paris. 4th floor with elevator Beautiful and typical building in an old street 2 minutes from cathedral Notre Dame de Paris. Great flat totally renovated. Beautiful and typical building in the heart of Paris. Very central 2 minutes from Saint Michel tube station. Great Notre Dame de Paris 3 minutes by walk. Very central
16031	Duplex apartment tastefully decorated with quality furniture and objects. Beams and floor give it its warm, it is again to 2.9 furnished rooms, 35 square meters floor.  Modern fully fitted and equipped, ceramic hob, extractor, crockery for 4 people, kettle,  coffee machine. 4 peoples eating tables.Salle of walk-in shower, toilet, mirror, sink. An upstairs bedroom with a double bed, duvet.  Separate living room with sofa bed for 2 persons (transformation into 120 X 190), coffee machine, table, carpet, TV (flat screen) with over 200 French and international channels, DVD player, chairs, mirrors, library.A table where 4 peoples can eat, 4 bar chairs.  Decoration refined and élégante.Idéal for a couple. Quiet, bright, modern, on the 5th floor (without lift) of a typical Parisian building.The roof of the room is less high than 1,80 meters.   Short breaks (2 nights) are accepted. This apartment is perfect for a romantic weekend or enjoy the festive seasons in Paris. The flat is nice for one 	Duplex apartment tastefully decorated with quality furniture and objects. Beams and floor give it its warm, it is again to 2.9 furnished rooms, 35 square meters floor.  Modern fully fitted and equipped, ceramic hob, extractor, crockery for 4 people, kettle,  coffee machine. 4 peoples eating tables.Salle of walk-in shower, toilet, mirror, sink. An upstairs bedroom with a double bed, duvet.  Separate living room with sofa bed for 2 persons (transformation into 120 X 190), coffee machine, table, carpet, TV (flat screen) with over 200 French and international channels, DVD player, chairs, mirrors, library.A table where 4 peoples can eat, 4 bar chairs.  Decoration refined and élégante.Idéal for a couple. Quiet, bright, modern, on the 5th floor (without lift) of a typical Parisian building.The roof of the room is less high than 1,80 meters.   Short breaks (2 nights) are accepted. This apartment is perfect for a romantic weekend or enjoy the festive seasons in Paris. The flat is nice for one 
16032	Authenticity with standards - that’s what we offer at Flatbook. Anytime you stay with us in one of the 25 cities we’re in, you can expect to stay in a unique, fully equipped apartment while benefiting from the services, amenities and consistency that you get when booking a hotel. Take your time to browse through the photos to get a true feel for the space. Once you have, here are some of the specifics: This apartment has 2 bedrooms which means it can sleep 5 people.  The Walk-Up Apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea - Television - Iron and ironing board ***Please note: like many Paris apartments, there are quite a few steps to get to the unit. There are 6 flights to get to the unit, so it is not suitable for people with limited mobility.	This beautiful apartment is located Paris's Saint-Germain and comes fully equipped with everything you need to feel at home. Also, our 24/7 virtual concierge service and local hospitality team will be there to ensure you have a great stay. Authenticity with standards - that’s what we offer at Flatbook. Anytime you stay with us in one of the 25 cities we’re in, you can expect to stay in a unique, fully equipped apartment while benefiting from the services, amenities and consistency that you get when booking a hotel. Take your time to browse through the photos to get a true feel for the space. Once you have, here are some of the specifics: This apartment has 2 bedrooms which means it can sleep 5 people.  The Walk-Up Apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea - Television - Iron and ironing board ***Please note: like many Paris apartment
16033	Quietly, because it overlooks the inner courtyard of a private residence (and not directly on the street) and close to the bustling streets of the neighborhood. Nearby, many restaurants, shops, art galleries. Proches des transports en commun (métros/ bus/RER) et au cœur des attractions parisienne. 	Proche à la fois des quartiers St Germain-des-Prés, St Michel et Châtelet, ce charmant deux pièces vous est proposé au coeur de Paris.  A quelques pas des boutiques, bars et restaurants. De nombreux transports en commun sont disponibles (bus, metros, RER: trains).  Quietly, because it overlooks the inner courtyard of a private residence (and not directly on the street) and close to the bustling streets of the neighborhood. Nearby, many restaurants, shops, art galleries. Proches des transports en commun (métros/ bus/RER) et au cœur des attractions parisienne. Access to all of the apartment. Linen and towels provided. Kitchen: cutlery provided. I am available if needed at any time on airbnb messaging platform (my preference) or on my cell phone directly. Metro, buses, taxis
16034	Situé au coeur du joli septième arrondissement à deux pas du Bon Marché et de Saint Germain des Prés,  cet appartement saura vous séduire. Il peut aisément accueillir 6 personnes. L'appartement offre: Une belle galerie d'entrée  Deux salles de récéption Une grande salle à manger pouvant recevoir 12 personnes assises Une chambre parentale avec lit double  Une salle de bains avec baignoire d'angle Une chambre avec lit canape 2 places  Une salle de bains desservant les deux chambres avec baignoire-douche et wc Une chambre avec lit double Une cuisine dinatoire Vous serez au calme, dans un cadre exceptionnel. A votre disposition: Une cuisine ou vous pouvez dîner, totalement équipée avec toute la vaisselle nécéssaire à vos repas de standing. Sèche linge, lave linge. Connexion internet haut débit (fibre optique) Télévision Lecteur DVD De nombreux rangements Le quartier: Cet appartement est situé dans le 7 ème arrondissement, un quartier chic, plein de vie, familial, traditionnel et sur. Vous 	Welcome to Saint Germain ! The appartement is ready ! Special offers for long stays in August ! Situé au coeur du joli septième arrondissement à deux pas du Bon Marché et de Saint Germain des Prés,  cet appartement saura vous séduire. Il peut aisément accueillir 6 personnes. L'appartement offre: Une belle galerie d'entrée  Deux salles de récéption Une grande salle à manger pouvant recevoir 12 personnes assises Une chambre parentale avec lit double  Une salle de bains avec baignoire d'angle Une chambre avec lit canape 2 places  Une salle de bains desservant les deux chambres avec baignoire-douche et wc Une chambre avec lit double Une cuisine dinatoire Vous serez au calme, dans un cadre exceptionnel. A votre disposition: Une cuisine ou vous pouvez dîner, totalement équipée avec toute la vaisselle nécéssaire à vos repas de standing. Sèche linge, lave linge. Connexion internet haut débit (fibre optique) Télévision Lecteur DVD De nombreux rangements Le quartier: Cet appartement est situé da
16035	Clair et très calme prestation haut de gamme matelas largeur 180 a mémoire de forme. 	Situé au coeur de St Germain Des Prés a deux minutes a Pieds de l'église St Germain,avec l'avantage du calme sous une hauteur sous plafond de 3,80 Mètres ce loft clair et extrêmement calme  du 17° Siècle offre tous les avantages d'un séjour réussi. Clair et très calme prestation haut de gamme matelas largeur 180 a mémoire de forme. équipement wifi. enceinte bluetooth MP3. Box multi-channels. 2 écrans plasma. Par mail ou téléphone. Pas Présent l'appartement étant loué dans sa totalité. Quartier Historique et central Coeur de St Germain des Prés. Métro église St Germain ou Mabillon. Parking église st Sulpice a deux minutes a pieds. Depuis Orly 15 Minutes en taxi. Depuis CDG 25 Minutes en taxi. Les deux aéroports accessibles en Métro. Proximité avec le centre culturel de Paris.
16036	Appartement de 65m2, de type loft au RDC. 2 chambres, salled de bain avec douche et baignoire. 2 WC, cuisine entierment equipée, wifi, chaine du câble.	Très bel appartement en plein centre de Paris, de type Loft au RDC.  Très bien deservi par 4 stations de metro. A 10mn à pied de Saint Germain dès près, Jardin du Luxembourg, Montparnasse. Quartier très animé avec beaucoup de restaurants, bars.... Appartement de 65m2, de type loft au RDC. 2 chambres, salled de bain avec douche et baignoire. 2 WC, cuisine entierment equipée, wifi, chaine du câble. Logement entié. Quartier animé avec beaucoup de commerçant à proximité. Boucherie, boulangerie, fromager, poissonnerie etc...à 200 mètres.  Un très grand choix de restaurant tout autour.  Plusieurs cinéma autour, et quelques théâtres. Station vélib et autolib juste à coté. Metro: Falguiere, Duroc, St Placide, Montparnasse.
16037	STANDING The studio is on the first floor of a small building. Please note that even though it is on the first floor, you have two flight of stairs to climb. The access to the building is very secured by a code and an intercom. LAYOUT 30 m2 studio with a high ceilings and a separate kitchen. The main room gets a double bed ( 140*200), a little table and a sofa. The apartment gets WIFI Internet connection. From the entrance, you have access to the bathroom with a large shower. The kitchen is fully equipped with a a washing/dryer combined machine and a dishwasher. It is very nice place to stay to discover Paris in one of the most beautiful district of the city. 	In Saint Germain des pres, close to the Luxembourg garden, this is a very nice studio for two persons to be rent. Very cosy place, charming parisian style with beams, this location can't be beaten! STANDING The studio is on the first floor of a small building. Please note that even though it is on the first floor, you have two flight of stairs to climb. The access to the building is very secured by a code and an intercom. LAYOUT 30 m2 studio with a high ceilings and a separate kitchen. The main room gets a double bed ( 140*200), a little table and a sofa. The apartment gets WIFI Internet connection. From the entrance, you have access to the bathroom with a large shower. The kitchen is fully equipped with a a washing/dryer combined machine and a dishwasher. It is very nice place to stay to discover Paris in one of the most beautiful district of the city. LOCATION This nice studio to rent in Paris is located in one of the most popular, active and sparkling neighbourhoods of central Paris
16038	The apartment is located on the first floor. It is very quiet and peaceful, as the windows are directed to the courtyard inside the building. In the main room  there is a design double bed, TV, 3 white armchairs and accompanied with a lot of paitings in the living room. The space of the flat is perfectly optimized, each element of decoration is also used to make your stay more confortable. When the bed is in up position you will have a lot of place for your living. Friendly atmosphere. The living-room is connected to the american kitchen fully equipped, where you will find cooker, oven, kettle, dish washer, coffee machine, washing machine, etc. There is a dinner table for 4 persons with high chairs. In the beautiful and spacious bathroom you will find a shower and separated toilets. Clean linen, pillow cover, towels, cover are provided. We also furnish toilet paper. See you soon ! Anne-Sophie & Maxime	The apartment is located on the first floor. It is very quiet and peaceful, as the windows are directed to the courtyard inside the building. Fantastic area, in the top center of Paris, Full of nice restaurants, bars, besides any spot by foot    The apartment is located on the first floor. It is very quiet and peaceful, as the windows are directed to the courtyard inside the building. In the main room  there is a design double bed, TV, 3 white armchairs and accompanied with a lot of paitings in the living room. The space of the flat is perfectly optimized, each element of decoration is also used to make your stay more confortable. When the bed is in up position you will have a lot of place for your living. Friendly atmosphere. The living-room is connected to the american kitchen fully equipped, where you will find cooker, oven, kettle, dish washer, coffee machine, washing machine, etc. There is a dinner table for 4 persons with high chairs. In the beautiful and spacious bathroom you wi
16039	Appartement de style Haussmanien	Très bel appartement Haussmannien situé à 3 minutes à pied du jardin du Luxembourg. Parquet, moulures, belle vue sur immeuble Haussmannien (pas de vis à vis).  Cuisine toute équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire et WC séparé. Jolie salon spacieux. Appartement de style Haussmanien Plus beau quartier de Paris, Luxembourg/Panthéon. Central : Proche Notre Dame de Paris, Chatelet (5 minutes en bus). Metro Luxembourg, direct depis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle et Orly. Ligne direct jusqu'à Chtelet et Gare du nord. Nombreuses lignes de bus qui desservent dans tous les quartiers de Paris.
16040		Situé idéalement en plein quartier latin, cette chambre de bonne est équipée d'une douche, une kitchenette, un frigo, un lit et une machine à laver. Parfait pour découvrir la capitale le temps d'un weekend ou plus.
16041	Hello there,  If your are looking for a nice place to stay at for few days, one week or two , I am looking forward to sharing WITH A GIRL my studio in the 6th district of Paris during July 2014. 5min from the famous department store Le Bon Marché Rive Gauche. 	Hello :-)  If your are looking for a place for 1 -3 weeks - between 18/7 and 11/8 , I will be renting my studio in Paris 6 - rue du cherche midi - A perfect location for any traveler ! Feel free to text me for more info I ll get back to u quickly ! Hello there,  If your are looking for a nice place to stay at for few days, one week or two , I am looking forward to sharing WITH A GIRL my studio in the 6th district of Paris during July 2014. 5min from the famous department store Le Bon Marché Rive Gauche.  Internet 
16042		Studio located in the heart of one of the most beautiful Parisian neighborhoods, St Germain des Pres. Very functional and very well located, close to all transport, Monoprix & Carrefour, rue de Rennes, art galleries, Luxembourg garden and restaurants
16043		Noel à Paris, dans le quartier le plus caractéristique de la ville lumière, appartement pour 6 personnes 110m2. On cherche des amants des animaux car il faudra s'occuper de notre petit chat qui est très gentil et très bien élevé!
16044	Living room full of light . First floor élévator. 10 Windows in the apartment. Family apartment fully equiped. 	Chic and cosy apartment, 1130 sf (105m2), in one of the most charming and lively street of this central and historical district, close to Subways, muséums,  shops, restaurants, Luxembourg garden. big living room, 3 bed rooms (1 big 2 , 2 smalls) 2 br. Idéal for friends or Family . Élevator Living room full of light . First floor élévator. 10 Windows in the apartment. Family apartment fully equiped. Wifi Music 2 Tv Cable tv We love our apartment and district and We love to share it. Saint Germain, le Bon Marché, le jardin du Luxembourg, les restaurants... Ce quartier est un vrai bonheur! Parking et voiturier à proximité, nombreuses lignes de métro et de bus au pied de l'appartement
16045	Bathtub, broadband internet access, cable TV, fully equipped kitchen with a washing machine and a dishwasher. There is a fully functionning chimney in the bedroom. The flat is really quiet, being located away from the street in an already quiet street. 	"Quiet one bedroom flat (38 sqm), walking distance from Saint Germain des près, les Invalides, Luxembourg and Montparnasse. Conveniently located near bus and metro stop which will take you in less than 15 minutes to The Louvre, Notre Dame, etc. Bathtub, broadband internet access, cable TV, fully equipped kitchen with a washing machine and a dishwasher. There is a fully functionning chimney in the bedroom. The flat is really quiet, being located away from the street in an already quiet street. Excellent French bakery at the end of the street, fantastic italian deli accross the street from the bakery. 2 supermarkets opened seven days a week (3 minutes walk) with a large selection of products. Excellent cheese shop nearby (3 minutes walk). The famous Bon Marché and it's Grande Epicerie are just down the road (5 minutes walk). The neighbourhood is packed with excellent restaurants and ""salons de thé"". Regarding public transportation, there are 2 metro lines available nearby and a large numb"
16046	Lovely Parisian apartment located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Conveniently located in a prestigious address on Boulevard Saint-Germain, the apartment is within walking distance of shopping, restaurants, galleries and museums. Composed of a proper entry, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom and spacious living room, the apartment is an ideal location to enjoy and discover Paris. Located on the third floor (no elevator), within the courtyard, the apartment is bathed in light for most of the day. As the apartment is courtyard-facing it is quiet, and unaffected by any street noise. The fully equipped kitchen and bathroom are situated at the entry of the apartment followed by a quiet bedroom with double bed and spacious closet. Further on a full living and dining room, which can become a separate area by closing the door, are equipped with furnishings, bookshelves and two large windows leaving the area light and spacious. Highspeed wifi is available.   For those wishing to sightsee beyond	Lovely Parisian apartment located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Conveniently located in a prestigious address on Boulevard Saint-Germain, the apartment is within walking distance of shopping, restaurants, galleries and museums. Composed of a proper entry, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom and spacious living room, the apartment is an ideal location to enjoy and discover Paris. Located on the third floor (no elevator), within the courtyard, the apartment is bathed in light for most of the day. As the apartment is courtyard-facing it is quiet, and unaffected by any street noise. The fully equipped kitchen and bathroom are situated at the entry of the apartment followed by a quiet bedroom with double bed and spacious closet. Further on a full living and dining room, which can become a separate area by closing the door, are equipped with furnishings, bookshelves and two large windows leaving the area light and spacious. Highspeed wifi is available.   For those wishing to sightsee beyond
16047	Charming studio in the heart of St Germain des Prés. Two minutes from the Odeon metro (line 4 and 10) and metro Mabillon (line 10). Very quiet in the first floor overlooking a garden patio. This small studio with exposed old beams is very pleasant with  mezzanine of 10 m2 to sleep,  independent bathroom (bath), small open kitchen, spacious closets, and its calm and relaxing atmosphere. Very close to the Quartier Latin , Church st Germain (sixth century )and its famous restaurant and Brasseries  (2 Magots, le Flore, Chez Lipp, etc ...), Notre Dame de Paris ,  l'école des beaux arts , Orsay Museum ,  rue de seine  with its art galleries, rue Bonaparte and rue des st pères . The Seine is 300 meters away and offers connections by bridges and walk the right bank with the Louvre Museum, the Opera, the Halles, etc ... You can reach Ile St Louis in 13 minutes by bus or on foot along the Seine in 25 minutes (nice walk). I also like to walk in the Luxembourg Gardens, which is 15 minutes walk.	This charming one room building in the 18th century, 20m2 + 10m2 Mezzanine, sleeps 2 people. At the heart of St Germain. Mabillon metro nearby, the Seine, Orsay Museum, the Louvre, rue de seine galleries, shops and restaurants , jardins luxembourg... Charming studio in the heart of St Germain des Prés. Two minutes from the Odeon metro (line 4 and 10) and metro Mabillon (line 10). Very quiet in the first floor overlooking a garden patio. This small studio with exposed old beams is very pleasant with  mezzanine of 10 m2 to sleep,  independent bathroom (bath), small open kitchen, spacious closets, and its calm and relaxing atmosphere. Very close to the Quartier Latin , Church st Germain (sixth century )and its famous restaurant and Brasseries  (2 Magots, le Flore, Chez Lipp, etc ...), Notre Dame de Paris ,  l'école des beaux arts , Orsay Museum ,  rue de seine  with its art galleries, rue Bonaparte and rue des st pères . The Seine is 300 meters away and offers connections by bridges and w
16048		Charmant appartement de standing au coeur du quartier latin
16049	"In the very heart of the ""Quartier latin"", ten minutes walk from the Louvre and Saint Germain des Prés, the apartment is surrounded with many restaurants, and close to the subway and to the bus. The apartment is 80 sq m. It is light and very quiet on courtyard. Located at th 4 ° floor without elevator.  You will find: -A large living room with a piano and a 2 places sofa bed  -A dining room  -A fully-equipped kitchen (oven, washing machine, washing machine etc.)  -2 rooms, among which a double and a single.  -An equipped bathroom -A WiFi connection  -Supplied linen -Final housework included in the price -2 beds for babies if necessary and equipment We shall be happy to welcome you in this wonderful district the time of your stay. You will find numerous cultural and gastronomic places there! You will be in the heart of historical city, left bank of the Seine. From there you(ll be able to reach easily Notre Dame, Cluny, le Louvre, le Marais, Saint Germain des Prés, le Panthéon... "	"In the very heart of the ""Quartier latin"", ten minutes walk from the Louvre and Saint Germain des Prés, the apartment is surrounded with many restaurants, and close to the subway and to the bus. The apartment is 80 sq m. It is light and very quiet on courtyard. Located at th 4 ° floor without elevator.  You will find: -A large living room with a piano and a 2 places sofa bed  -A dining room  -A fully-equipped kitchen (oven, washing machine, washing machine etc.)  -2 rooms, among which a double and a single.  -An equipped bathroom -A WiFi connection  -Supplied linen -Final housework included in the price -2 beds for babies if necessary and equipment We shall be happy to welcome you in this wonderful district the time of your stay. You will find numerous cultural and gastronomic places there! You will be in the heart of historical city, left bank of the Seine. From there you(ll be able to reach easily Notre Dame, Cluny, le Louvre, le Marais, Saint Germain des Prés, le Panthéon... "
16050	Charming studio in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The apartment has a very nice bedroom with wooden floor and a fireplace, a beautiful kitchen, and a bathroom with a shower. The apartment is located halfway between the beautiful church of Saint-Sulpice, and the wondeful Luxembourg Gardens. The Saint-Germain des Près allow you to make your shopping, thanks to the many boutiques.	Charming studio in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The apartment has a very nice bedroom with wooden floor and a fireplace, a beautiful kitchen, and a bathroom with a shower. The apartment is located halfway between the beautiful church of Saint-Sulpice, and the wondeful Luxembourg Gardens. The Saint-Germain des Près allow you to make your shopping, thanks to the many boutiques.
16051	Frais de ménage offerts tout l'été !!	Bright and big apartment located in Saint-Germain-des-Prés.  Your private room is the large room furnished as a loft (with lounge, bed and dining table), + if necessary with a loft bed in the entrance (private). The apartment is ideally located : - supermarket and a delicious bakery across the street. - 10-15 min walk to the Seine, the Pont des Arts, Saint-Michel and Notre-Dame.  - 5 minutes to 'Le Bon Marché' and 'La Grande Epicerie', the Luxembourg Gardens and the heart of shopping. (fashion and culinary).  - 10 minutes by bus to the Louvres, or to Rivoli street. At the heart of the 6th arrondissement Saint Germain des Prés is an iconic district of Paris coveted by artists, musicians and actors, with its traditional charm. It's the area of cafés (Café de Flore, Les Deux Magots, ..) Arts galleries (rue de Seine), chic fashion boutiques and retailers pastries (Ladurée, Pierre Hermée).  We love walking through the small streets full of charm and by the Seine, or a coffee in the garden o
16052	This fully renovated studio is situated at the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, in the street where Victor Hugo (famous author of “Les Misérables”) once lived. It is located on the 1st floor without an elevator of a lovely building dating from the 19th Century. It is fully furnished and equipped and very comfortable. It is perfect if you wish to live in a historic and dynamic area. This studio apartment has a surface of 17 square meters, or 183 square feet. It is very luminous with a high ceiling, and a large picture window. The apartment is similar to famous Parisian artist studios. It is very comfortable with many amenities such as unlimited internet access, and TV with international channels. The kitchen area is fully equipped with microwave and washer. The comfortable convertible sofa can accommodate two guests. The small bathroom has a nice Italian shower and includes one toilet (not separated). The environment is calm and quiet since the window opens on a nice courtyard. The apar	This fully renovated studio is situated at the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, in the street where Victor Hugo (famous author of “Les Misérables”) once lived. It is located on the 1st floor without an elevator of a lovely building dating from the 19th Century. It is fully furnished and equipped and very comfortable. It is perfect if you wish to live in a historic and dynamic area. This studio apartment has a surface of 17 square meters, or 183 square feet. It is very luminous with a high ceiling, and a large picture window. The apartment is similar to famous Parisian artist studios. It is very comfortable with many amenities such as unlimited internet access, and TV with international channels. The kitchen area is fully equipped with microwave and washer. The comfortable convertible sofa can accommodate two guests. The small bathroom has a nice Italian shower and includes one toilet (not separated). The environment is calm and quiet since the window opens on a nice courtyard. The apar
16053	Nous proposons une chambre dans le joli appartement dans lequel nous vivons avec notre enfant.  Il se trouve dans un immeuble du XVIIe siècle historiquement classé, entre Saint-Germain des Près et l'Eglise Saint-Sulpice! L'homme de théâtre Alfred Jarry y a passé ces dernières années. C'est un endroit mythique, le coeur de Paris rive gauche ! Le jardin du Luxembourg est à 5 minutes à pied. Le quartier est très central, idéal pour visiter Paris à pied, en métro ou en bus. Le metro Saint-Sulpice (ligne 4) est à 2 minutes. Le quartier est vivant, calme et tranquille (très chic !). Et il y a de très nombreux commerces, cafés, bars et restaurants tout alentour.  La chambre possède un grand lit deux places (160 cm). Vous avez accès à la salle de bain (partagée) et à la cuisine pour le petit-déjeuner le matin. 	Nous proposons une chambre dans le joli appartement dans lequel nous vivons avec notre enfant.  Il se trouve dans un immeuble du XVIIe siècle historiquement classé, entre Saint-Germain des Près et l'Eglise Saint-Sulpice! L'homme de théâtre Alfred Jarry y a passé ces dernières années. C'est un endroit mythique, le coeur de Paris rive gauche ! Le jardin du Luxembourg est à 5 minutes à pied. Le quartier est très central, idéal pour visiter Paris à pied, en métro ou en bus. Le metro Saint-Sulpice (ligne 4) est à 2 minutes. Le quartier est vivant, calme et tranquille (très chic !). Et il y a de très nombreux commerces, cafés, bars et restaurants tout alentour.  La chambre possède un grand lit deux places (160 cm). Vous avez accès à la salle de bain (partagée) et à la cuisine pour le petit-déjeuner le matin. Vous avez accès à la salle de bain (partagée avec nous) et à la cuisine pour le petit-déjeuner le matin.  Le metro Saint-Sulpice (ligne 4) est à 2 minutes.
16054	DESCRIPTION OF THE APARTMENT:  The apartment has 48 square meters, is on the 2nd floor and consists of :  - one large room with queen-sized bed - a big living room with a very comfortable sofa bed and one classical sofa.  - a small living room with a sofa bed - a fully equiped kitchen  - a bathroom with bath  Are included :  - Bed linen and towels - Kitchen utensils, 1 fridge, 1 standard oven, 1 electric cooker, 1 toaster, 1 water boiler, 1 dish machine, 1 washing machine - 2 sofas, 2 tables and big foldable table with 5 chairs. - Free high speed wireless Internet connection.  - A phone with free unlimited calls to all landlines within France (useful if you wish to make a dining reservation for instance) and abroad (only fixed line phones) - Electric heating - Hair dryer  	What would you think about experiencing a few days in a cozy apartment located in the most charming Parisian neighborhood ?  I would be happy to help you organize your stay and invite you to stay in the very heart of Quartier Latin. Anna DESCRIPTION OF THE APARTMENT:  The apartment has 48 square meters, is on the 2nd floor and consists of :  - one large room with queen-sized bed - a big living room with a very comfortable sofa bed and one classical sofa.  - a small living room with a sofa bed - a fully equiped kitchen  - a bathroom with bath  Are included :  - Bed linen and towels - Kitchen utensils, 1 fridge, 1 standard oven, 1 electric cooker, 1 toaster, 1 water boiler, 1 dish machine, 1 washing machine - 2 sofas, 2 tables and big foldable table with 5 chairs. - Free high speed wireless Internet connection.  - A phone with free unlimited calls to all landlines within France (useful if you wish to make a dining reservation for instance) and abroad (only fixed line phones) - Electric h
16055	"This luxury new 1 bedroom (700ft) fully equipped is located in Paris 7th in a private property with a garden and an historical monument. Walking distance to les Invalides, the Eiffel Tower and Saint-Germain, in a quiet residential area with 24h security, doorman, free parking spot, this is a unique location at a minute from ""Le Bon Marché"". Subway and buses lines are right down the property with several others around."	"This luxury brand new 1 bedroom fully equipped is located in a private property with a historical monument restored in the 7th district. Close from Invalid, the Eiffel Tower and Saint-Germain with private garden, in a quiet residential area This luxury new 1 bedroom (700ft) fully equipped is located in Paris 7th in a private property with a garden and an historical monument. Walking distance to les Invalides, the Eiffel Tower and Saint-Germain, in a quiet residential area with 24h security, doorman, free parking spot, this is a unique location at a minute from ""Le Bon Marché"". Subway and buses lines are right down the property with several others around. Private garden with Eiffel Tower view, parking,  kitchen fully equipped (fridge, freezer, dishwasher, etc), TV (55 in), Internet, Phone, washing machine and dryer. I ll help my guests as much as I can by providing touristic information and more.  Additional services like a private airport pick up in a black Mercedes deluxe mini van is "
16056		With an excellent location, the apartment is yet very quiet. Also very luminous and high roof with wood beem
16057	This is a lively and fashionable area right in the heart of the city, packed with wonderful cafes, restaurants and boutiques. It's on the 6th and last floor of a 19th century building, fitted with a lift, a security code and an intercom. The studio has a clean modern style. There is a lot of natural light and cool white decor giving a relaxing atmosphere. There is a large comfortable double sofa bed , Eams design coffee table, table and chairs. A smart flat screen TV with cable, a Nintendo Wii, an unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, an Ipad Mini to stream music and help you to plan your stay.  There is some spare space for your belongings in the wardrobe and hangers. The floor is made of hard wood timber. There is two double glazed windows with blinds.	This charming and delightful Studio apartment is located on rue de Sèvres in the 6th arrondissement, close to the famous Bon Marché and central to everything this beautiful city has to offer.     This is a lively and fashionable area right in the heart of the city, packed with wonderful cafes, restaurants and boutiques. It's on the 6th and last floor of a 19th century building, fitted with a lift, a security code and an intercom. The studio has a clean modern style. There is a lot of natural light and cool white decor giving a relaxing atmosphere. There is a large comfortable double sofa bed , Eams design coffee table, table and chairs. A smart flat screen TV with cable, a Nintendo Wii, an unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, an Ipad Mini to stream music and help you to plan your stay.  There is some spare space for your belongings in the wardrobe and hangers. The floor is made of hard wood timber. There is two double glazed windows with blinds. The open kitchen is fitted wi
16058		Newly designed & decorated 1 bedroom apartment in a beautiful 19th century Building. Perfect location, in the heart of St Germain area, close to Luxembourg Garden. Located on Ground floor in  a safe backyard, no walk up. Suitable for 4 people.
16059	Charming and confortable, with view on a little courtyard, this appartment is very quiet. Light and modern, the master bedroom has a very confortable queensize bed. The second bedroom has a two person's bed and there is a sleeping couch (for 2 persons) in the living room. The kitchen is cosy, the dinning room has a 4 person's table that can be extended to an 8 person's table. The couch is great to have a drink after a long day walking through Paris. The coffee table is extendable and can be elevated.	Beautiful appartment situated in a building of the 18th century. Very light and placed in the hart of Paris in a street full of history and next to the most charming streets of the 6eme arrondissement. It is the perfect place to stay with your friend Charming and confortable, with view on a little courtyard, this appartment is very quiet. Light and modern, the master bedroom has a very confortable queensize bed. The second bedroom has a two person's bed and there is a sleeping couch (for 2 persons) in the living room. The kitchen is cosy, the dinning room has a 4 person's table that can be extended to an 8 person's table. The couch is great to have a drink after a long day walking through Paris. The coffee table is extendable and can be elevated.
16060	"Lovely 2 rooms  flat located in preserved 17th century mansion (1630) recently renovated first floor with all  equipment. No elevator; one flight of stairs. Fully furnished lounge and kitchen: Two large twin-paned glass windows for sun in the lounge, possible accomodation for two on convertible sofa, closets, bookshelf. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, electric and microwave oven and complete kitchenware. Separate quiet bedroom in the back with window on quiet side.Double bed and two high closets.Private acces from outside. Baby bed on request.Free for kid under 5. Separate toilets and shower-room. Washing machine and towel dryer .Iron ans board. Internet Wifi, cable TV (films on charge). Around: lively streets and district of St Germain des Prés: all kinds of restaurants from cheap"" bistrots"" near by to most prestigious next door Procope(most ancient café in Paris), Café de flore or Lipp. Shopping goes from next block supermarket to prestigious Vuitton, Armani, Ralph Lauren and"	"Lovely 2 rooms  flat located in preserved 17th century mansion (1630) recently renovated first floor with all  equipment. No elevator; one flight of stairs. Fully furnished lounge and kitchen: Two large twin-paned glass windows for sun in the lounge, possible accomodation for two on convertible sofa, closets, bookshelf. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, electric and microwave oven and complete kitchenware. Separate quiet bedroom in the back with window on quiet side.Double bed and two high closets.Private acces from outside. Baby bed on request.Free for kid under 5. Separate toilets and shower-room. Washing machine and towel dryer .Iron ans board. Internet Wifi, cable TV (films on charge). Around: lively streets and district of St Germain des Prés: all kinds of restaurants from cheap"" bistrots"" near by to most prestigious next door Procope(most ancient café in Paris), Café de flore or Lipp. Shopping goes from next block supermarket to prestigious Vuitton, Armani, Ralph Lauren and"
16061	Situated on the ground floor of a Haussmann building, the apartment overlook a flowery courtyard. You'll find a dining room, a spacious bedroom, a lounge, a kitchen fully equipped, a bathroom with shower and separated WC. The apartment is totally decorated with antique furnitures. In the living room, you'll find a sofa bed (160*200cm), a flat screen TV, a Louis Philippe writing desk and a Prussian faience stove (not working but so charming!). The bedroom is spacious with a queensize bed, a wardrobe and a decorative black marble fireplace. The kitchen is fully equipped (fridge and freezer, combinated gas and electric stove, dishwasher and a combinated microwave-oven). In the bathroom there is a towel-dryer, an hair-dryer and a washing machine. You'll find a iron in the wardrobe! If you are looking for a quiet and authentic place in this lively area, this apartment is for you!  You'll stay 10min walk from St Germain, 10min from the Eiffel Tower, and 15min by train from Versailles!	Leave your suitcases in this cosy 3 rooms apartment (60m²). Totally renoved in a typical parisian style, you'll stay in the heart of Montparnasse. Situated on the ground floor of a Haussmann building, the apartment overlook a flowery courtyard. You'll find a dining room, a spacious bedroom, a lounge, a kitchen fully equipped, a bathroom with shower and separated WC. The apartment is totally decorated with antique furnitures. In the living room, you'll find a sofa bed (160*200cm), a flat screen TV, a Louis Philippe writing desk and a Prussian faience stove (not working but so charming!). The bedroom is spacious with a queensize bed, a wardrobe and a decorative black marble fireplace. The kitchen is fully equipped (fridge and freezer, combinated gas and electric stove, dishwasher and a combinated microwave-oven). In the bathroom there is a towel-dryer, an hair-dryer and a washing machine. You'll find a iron in the wardrobe! If you are looking for a quiet and authentic place in this livel
16062		one room 14m2 for one person in 150m2 Apartment with me. No
16063	One enters into the apartment into a small entrance that leads to the living and dining room. The living area in this room is cozy and filled with natural light thanks to 3 large bay windows. It offers a comfortable seating space for 4 to 6 people. It also has a dining space which can comfortably seat 4 people. The bay windows give access to the balcony.  A comfortable sofa bed offers sleeping for 2 guests. It is enables quality sleeping. From the living room, one can access the bedroom which offers a comfortable bed for 2. It also has adequate storage space and benefits from the large bay window. The bedroom offers direct access to the bathroom. The bathroom is fully tiled with white ceramic. It has a bath tub, a shower and a vanity space. The apartment has a standalone kitchen which is fully equipped, convenient and functional. It offers a microwave oven, stove, dishwasher and refrigerator.  The building has a nice lobby area. It offers a courtyard with greeneries. It is convenient, 	Comfortable 4th fl apt with elevator in a very safe and well managed building. It is super calm. Location is great : in the center of the famous Montparnasse area and at walking distance of Saint Germain. It is at less than 3 minutes of the subway. One enters into the apartment into a small entrance that leads to the living and dining room. The living area in this room is cozy and filled with natural light thanks to 3 large bay windows. It offers a comfortable seating space for 4 to 6 people. It also has a dining space which can comfortably seat 4 people. The bay windows give access to the balcony.  A comfortable sofa bed offers sleeping for 2 guests. It is enables quality sleeping. From the living room, one can access the bedroom which offers a comfortable bed for 2. It also has adequate storage space and benefits from the large bay window. The bedroom offers direct access to the bathroom. The bathroom is fully tiled with white ceramic. It has a bath tub, a shower and a vanity space. 
16064	The apartment is newly renovated with kitchen, great lighting, and ample closets space. Perfect for a family and kids.	"Luxury 2 bedroom apartment! Located between Saint Germain des Près and ""Le Bon Marché"", you're walking distance to Saint Sulpice's church, lots of shopping, dining and outdoors cafes, beauty salons along with all major transportation. The apartment is newly renovated with kitchen, great lighting, and ample closets space. Perfect for a family and kids. o Apartment is newly renovated in a clean, quite and secure building! o Kitchen fully equipped + dining/cooking supplies, such as microwave, coffee machine and much more!  o WIFI/Internet  o 2 big beds + sofa for 2 extra people  o Hair dryer | Iron and ironing board  o Linens, towels, and basic toiletries are provided"
16065		Charmant duplex avec superbe terrasse et vue sur les toits de Paris à Saint-Germain-des-prés
16066	This new studio in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés is beautiful and renovated, it is perfectly located, enjoy the historic neightbourhood of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The rate for guests are heavily discount and therefore very attractive ! This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris : only two blocks away from the Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots, you are in the very heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. In the heart of the posh 6th district of Paris, this nice studio, fully renovated is located Rue du Sabot, well-known for its great parisian atmosphere, you will find a great variety of restaurants, cafés, bars, cocktail bars and pastry shops, some being the most renowned in the city (Ladurée, Pierre Hermé, Pierre Marcolini). You will also be very closed to many fashion stores (Louboutin, Armani, Burberry, Prada, Ralph Lauren, Berluti, Marc Jacobs, Yves Saint Laurent). This 27sqm studio offers a large living space with comfy sofa-bed for two and a large flat screen TV and the wif	This new studio in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés is beautiful and renovated, it is perfectly located, enjoy the historic neightbourhood of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Very attractive price ! This new studio in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés is beautiful and renovated, it is perfectly located, enjoy the historic neightbourhood of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The rate for guests are heavily discount and therefore very attractive ! This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris : only two blocks away from the Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots, you are in the very heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. In the heart of the posh 6th district of Paris, this nice studio, fully renovated is located Rue du Sabot, well-known for its great parisian atmosphere, you will find a great variety of restaurants, cafés, bars, cocktail bars and pastry shops, some being the most renowned in the city (Ladurée, Pierre Hermé, Pierre Marcolini). You will also be very closed to many fashion stores (Louboutin, A
16067	En habitant ce studio très agréable et calme, vivez l'expérience unique de la vie parisienne,  en plein coeur de Paris, ses beaux quartiers, restaurants et commerces et où tout peut être fait à pied ! Le studio est bien équipé pour dormir, cuisiner et même travailler grâce à son petit bureau. WIFI.	Joli studio au cœur du 6ème arrondissement, à 5 min à pied de St-Germain des Près, Luxembourg, Montparnasse, dans un immeuble haussmannien, rez de chaussée donnant sur une cour pavée. Surface 18 m2, tout équipé et confortable : couchage pour 2 (canapé convertible), petit coin salon, bureau, cuisine équipée, table haute, salle d'eau avec douche, WC. Draps, couette, housse de couette, oreillers et taies, serviettes de toilette. C'est l'endroit parfait pour un séjour romantique ou escapade en duo ! En habitant ce studio très agréable et calme, vivez l'expérience unique de la vie parisienne,  en plein coeur de Paris, ses beaux quartiers, restaurants et commerces et où tout peut être fait à pied ! Le studio est bien équipé pour dormir, cuisiner et même travailler grâce à son petit bureau. WIFI. Studio donnant sur une jolie cour pavée, dans un bel immeuble haussmannien avec code d'entrée et gardienne. Logement très calme et proche des commerces, cafés, restaurants etc. 3 lignes de métro. Je 
16068	Situé juste en face du Sénat ... et donc des jardins du Luxembourg. A deux pas du Boulevard Saint Germain et de ses nombreux commerces restaurants et boutiques de Luxe, appartement moderne et fonctionnel pouvant acceuillir jusqu'a 4 personnes.	Superbe appartement dans un tres bel immeuble, anciennement Hotel particulier. Excellentes prestations. L'appartement est situé face au Sénat, 1 minute du boulevard Saint Germain, 1 d' Odeon, 30 secondes des jardins du Luxembourg.Calme et Moderne. Situé juste en face du Sénat ... et donc des jardins du Luxembourg. A deux pas du Boulevard Saint Germain et de ses nombreux commerces restaurants et boutiques de Luxe, appartement moderne et fonctionnel pouvant acceuillir jusqu'a 4 personnes. Metro,Bus,Train Anglais,francais,italien restaurants,monuments,musées,lieux touristiques Bus Metro et taxi A votre service
16069	Cet appartement de 50m2 se compose d'une grande cuisine très lumineuse , d'un double séjour qui se compose du salon et de la chambre , d'une salle de bain et de toilettes à part . Lit 160x200 très confortable .	Appartement calme , confortable et lumineux au 5éme étage avec ascenceur . Peut loger deux personnes , se trouve dans une rue calme et commerçante ,à 2 min du Bon Marché , 12 min du célèbre café de flore et 30 min de la Tour Eiffel . Cet appartement de 50m2 se compose d'une grande cuisine très lumineuse , d'un double séjour qui se compose du salon et de la chambre , d'une salle de bain et de toilettes à part . Lit 160x200 très confortable . Accès à la TV et au cable , internet . Logement entièrement non fumeurs . Quartier très agréable, car très calme et à la fois commerçant. Vous trouverez dans la rue pleins de petits restaurants très sympathiques avec de jolies terrasses , un super ,fleuriste , boucher , poissonnier , primeur, boulanger et d'autres petits commerces . A deux pas du bon marché et de la rue de Rennes avec un grand nombres de boutiques . A proximité , le musée Rodin , le jardin du Luxembourg , le musée d'Orsay ,la Tour Eiffel.. A proximité la ligne 4 et la ligne 10 
16070	studio avec wifi 	Studio lumineux situé dans le 6ème à deux pas de la gare Montparnasse et du bon marché, au dernier étage avec ascenseur, composé d'une pièce principale et d'une cuisine séparée toute équipée. Deux petits balcons avec vu sur les toits. studio avec wifi
16071	"This typical apartment that dates back to the French Revolution, with classic décor, is perfectly suited to a family or for colleagues and is very spacious. Here, you will find a very nice TV room, equipped with a plush sofa and a feather armchair. Located on the historic Rue du Cherche Midi, in Saint- Germain, the apartment is located near the famous department store, ""Le Bon Marché"", in a neighborhood full of charming cafes, restaurants, boutiques and bookstores. It is very well placed with easy access to subways, buses and metros, and just a short stroll away from the tranquility of the Luxembourg Gardens, a park that covers 23 hectares, and is known for its lawns, tree-lined promenades and well-kept flowerbeds. It has 3 separate bedrooms, comfortably accommodate up to 8 people. The king bed in the master bedroom offers unparalleled comfort and allows you to watch your favorite programs from the comfort of your bed. You can also sit quietly to work in peace on the large desk. The 2n"	"This gorgeous apartment dates back to before the French Revolution - but with all modern amenities required for a wonderful stay with family or friends. Located on the historic Rue du Cherche Midi, in Saint- Germain, it  is near the famous department This typical apartment that dates back to the French Revolution, with classic décor, is perfectly suited to a family or for colleagues and is very spacious. Here, you will find a very nice TV room, equipped with a plush sofa and a feather armchair. Located on the historic Rue du Cherche Midi, in Saint- Germain, the apartment is located near the famous department store, ""Le Bon Marché"", in a neighborhood full of charming cafes, restaurants, boutiques and bookstores. It is very well placed with easy access to subways, buses and metros, and just a short stroll away from the tranquility of the Luxembourg Gardens, a park that covers 23 hectares, and is known for its lawns, tree-lined promenades and well-kept flowerbeds. It has 3 separate bedroo"
16072	We live in a very french flat, classic furniture, in an haussmanian building (a little before1900). There is a concierge in the building that can help you. It's very quiet. There are 3 bedrooms ( but one will be locked). One with a twin bed, one with bunkbeds + one that can unfold under the bunkbed (the kids room) (the 3rd room will be closed). We can lend you a baby cot if necessary. A large living room, a fully equiped kitchen, a bathroom and seperate wc. We can to lend you our bikes. There is a big pool, two kid parcs (one actually in our street), lots and lots of places to go out and have a drink or diner all around (la Coupole is a café where Jean-Paul Satre went). 	It's the best location ever! Right next to the Luxembourg Parc and St Placide. 15 min walk to St Michel, the Pantheon. 15-20 min by bus to the Louvre, Beaubourg, Orsay , the Conciergerie, Effeil Tower, Opera, Arc de Triomphe !
16073	Cosy flat ideally located in the center of Paris, perfect if you want to visit the city. It is made up with functional and fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, toaster, nespresso machine) and bathroom, a cosy living-room with a TV and a comfortable bedroom (double bed). For one or two people, this flat is perfect.	Hello everyone, I am renting my apartment for the month of august. It is a cosy place, located in the heart of Paris. Living here is really enjoyable as it is quiet (the flat gives onto
16074	Au cœur du quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés, vous pourrez visiter Paris à pied (le Louvre, Notre-Dame ou le musée d'Orsay sont à quelques dizaines de minutes) et revenir vous reposer dans le studio à l'abri de l'excitation de la rue . Le studio est sous les toits, refait récemment en gardant le charme d'antan. Vous pourrez ressortir diner dans un bistrot du quartier, puis aller au cinéma ou boire un verre dans un des lieux mythiques du quartier (Flore, Lipp, les deux magots).	Au cœur du 6eme arrondissement, charmant studio refait à neuf, tout confort.  Pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, le studio est situé sous les toits, un séjour placé sous le charme de Saint-Germain-des-Près. Ascenseur jusqu au 4ème étage, 1 étage par les escaliers Au cœur du quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés, vous pourrez visiter Paris à pied (le Louvre, Notre-Dame ou le musée d'Orsay sont à quelques dizaines de minutes) et revenir vous reposer dans le studio à l'abri de l'excitation de la rue . Le studio est sous les toits, refait récemment en gardant le charme d'antan. Vous pourrez ressortir diner dans un bistrot du quartier, puis aller au cinéma ou boire un verre dans un des lieux mythiques du quartier (Flore, Lipp, les deux magots). Sur place, je suis en permanence à l'écoute des locataires et leur apporte conseils s'ils le souhaite Tout, dans la journée vous pouvez visiter les musées, les galeries ou juste parcourir les rues et monuments du quartier ; le soir, vous pouvez aller diner
16075	Large bedroom with separate entrance to bathroom. Large LCD TV, wifi and use of kitchen and living room. The neighborhood is the best in Paris: There are restaurants, cafes, pubs, art galleries and great shopping in every direction. Public transportation is nearby: Odeon,Mabillon,  Saint Germain Des Pres, Saint Michel.	Large bedroom with separate entrance to bathroom. Large LCD TV, wifi and use of kitchen and living room. The neighborhood is the best in Paris: There are restaurants, cafes, pubs, art galleries and great shopping in every direction. Public transportation is nearby: Odeon,Mabillon,  Saint Germain Des Pres, Saint Michel. Living room, kitchen and bathroom
16076		Typical parisian flat in the Heart of Paris, between Odeon and the Luxembourg Garden. You won't find a better area to visit Paris. The flat is perfect for a couple. You'll find anything you need for your stay. You won't find a better place, between the river and Luxembourg Garden, you'll stay in the Heart of Paris. You'll enjoy Latin Quarter streets, bars and gardens... Metro line 4 and 10. RER A and B (direct from airport). Let's talk together to define the best check-in and check-out time ! I'm flexible !
16077	L'appartamento di 100 metri quadrati è composto da un salotto sala da pranzo di 40 m2, una camera matrimoniale, una camera per i bambini con due letti a castello e un lettino per i più piccoli. Una cucina piccola ma molto funzionale, un bagno con doccia, vasca da bagno e due lavandini. Il wc è  separato. Un piccolo laboratorio per i bambini con i colori e materiale per svariate attività. Un piccolo guardaroba.	Situato dentro una elegante corte silenziosa l'appartamento è molto bello e spazioso situato al primo piano di un palazzo d'epoca elegante e curato. L'appartamento di 100 metri quadrati è composto da un salotto sala da pranzo di 40 m2, una camera matrimoniale, una camera per i bambini con due letti a castello e un lettino per i più piccoli. Una cucina piccola ma molto funzionale, un bagno con doccia, vasca da bagno e due lavandini. Il wc è  separato. Un piccolo laboratorio per i bambini con i colori e materiale per svariate attività. Un piccolo guardaroba. Gli ospiti hanno accesso a tutto l'appartamento. Sono a disposizione degli ospiti prima dell'arrivo e durante il soggiorno. I ristoranti, i locali, i parchi, le formaggerie, le enoteche e i mercati rendono questo quartiere unico.  L'abitazione si trova s 15 minuti a piedi dalla Torre Eiffel e dal Gran Palace, a 20 minuti a piedi dal Louvre. La linea del metro diretta a Montmatre è a 50 metri.  Servito dalle stazioni metro Duroc e Fal
16078	STANDING In a good standing building secured by a code and without a lift, the Paris flat is on the first floor looking onto the courtyard. iI is a very quiet place and will be the perfect little base for the duration of your stay in Paris. LAYOUT The Paris apartment rental has a main room equipped with a sofa bed that allows two further guests to stay there. The kitchen is open onto that room. It is fully equipped and very functional. The bedroom is equipped with two single beds that can be separate or not. Two storage spaces will allow you to put your clothes and luggage away for your stay. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and is accessible from the bedroom. In short, this apartment is ideally located and will perfectly suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover Paris from a comfortable base in an authentic and lively area.	This Paris apartment is ideally located and will perfectly suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover the city from a comfortable base in the authentic and lively area of Saint Germain de Prés. STANDING In a good standing building secured by a code and without a lift, the Paris flat is on the first floor looking onto the courtyard. iI is a very quiet place and will be the perfect little base for the duration of your stay in Paris. LAYOUT The Paris apartment rental has a main room equipped with a sofa bed that allows two further guests to stay there. The kitchen is open onto that room. It is fully equipped and very functional. The bedroom is equipped with two single beds that can be separate or not. Two storage spaces will allow you to put your clothes and luggage away for your stay. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and is accessible from the bedroom. In short, this apartment is ideally located and will perfectly suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover Pa
16079	Is it a very comfortable and cosy flat with a very personnal decoration. One bedroom and on the dinig room, there is a large sofa. Guests have acces at the complet flat : bedroom and a large bed, an other large piece with a convertible sofa, a large table with xis chairs, a complete kitchen, etc... Si je ne suis pas disponible, mon frère prend le relais... il habite a coté. Nous sommes incollables sur les restaurants, les musées, les boites et les boutiques du quartier ! Near the flat : Saint Germain des pres, Saint Sulpice, Le Louvre... It's the heart of Paris ! Metro line 4 and a lot of buses. Attention : point faible : le quatrième étage sans ascenseur qui vous donnera des cuisses fermes...	Idéalement situé face à Saint-Sulpice, à une rue du Luxembourg et de son jardin, ravissant deux pièces parfaitement aménagé pouvant accueillir quatre personnes, entièrement équipé. Calme et sérénité dans ce quartier hyper central. Is it a very comfortable and cosy flat with a very personnal decoration. One bedroom and on the dinig room, there is a large sofa. Guests have acces at the complet flat : bedroom and a large bed, an other large piece with a convertible sofa, a large table with xis chairs, a complete kitchen, etc... Si je ne suis pas disponible, mon frère prend le relais... il habite a coté. Nous sommes incollables sur les restaurants, les musées, les boites et les boutiques du quartier ! Near the flat : Saint Germain des pres, Saint Sulpice, Le Louvre... It's the heart of Paris ! Metro line 4 and a lot of buses. Attention : point faible : le quatrième étage sans ascenseur qui vous donnera des cuisses fermes... Les voyageurs ont acces à l'intégralité de l'appartement, à savoir
16080		This is a newly renovated one bedroom apartment of 
16081	AMENITIES: -2  large bedrooms and 1 bathroom -Fully equipped kitchen and dining table -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Washing machine and drying rack, iron and board and hairdryer provided -METRO: ODEON (Lines 4, 10) The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a secure residential apartment building and is accessible by elevator, through a coded door and then with an individual key. On entering, you are greeted by a spacious and open living and dining area with 2 sofas, a flat screen television  with cable channels and a coffee table.  There is also a large dining table and chairs where you can sit and enjoy a homecooked meal.  The kitchen is located just off of the living area and is fully equipped for your stay.  There is a 4-plate electric cooker, a refrigerator/freezer, coffee maker and kettle. Full sets of cutlery and crockery are provided along with pots and pans to help you cook some of the delicious French produce available nearby . Next to the kitchen you will fin	6th Arrondissement St Germain des Pres Apartment 2 Bedrooms, 1 Living Room, 1 Kitchen, 1 Full Bathroom, Sleeps 4 AMENITIES: -2  large bedrooms and 1 bathroom -Fully equipped kitchen and dining table -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Washing machine and drying rack, iron and board and hairdryer provided -METRO: ODEON (Lines 4, 10) The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a secure residential apartment building and is accessible by elevator, through a coded door and then with an individual key. On entering, you are greeted by a spacious and open living and dining area with 2 sofas, a flat screen television  with cable channels and a coffee table.  There is also a large dining table and chairs where you can sit and enjoy a homecooked meal.  The kitchen is located just off of the living area and is fully equipped for your stay.  There is a 4-plate electric cooker, a refrigerator/freezer, coffee maker and kettle. Full sets of cutlery and crockery are provided along with pots a
16082		"This lovely appartment is located in the best area of Paris, just few meters from Jardin du Luxembourg and the best restaurants, fashion shops, arts gallery and museums. 42sqm: 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 equiped kitchen, 1 bathroom This is the real Paris. Safe, quiet, lovely but with all the activities around such as the most beautiful parc in Paris ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" and some of the best restaurants in Paris for every budget. In rue Bonaparte you will have lot of art galleries and the best bakery you can ever dream of! Just step away from the river Seine, you will be ideally located in the center of Paris where you can go very easily by walk or with the many metro around. Metro 4, 10 and 12 are just around the corner and the bus is stopping right in front of the appartment."
16083	Joli studio idéalement situé au métro (website hidden) comprend une pièce principale avec coin cuisine, une table pour 2 personnes et une salle de douche avec (website hidden) niveau supérieur (mezzanine), il comprend un espace chambre pouvant acceuillir 2 personnes maximum.Cet endroit est idéal pour aller visiter Paris de long en large. Quoique petit espace, l'endroit est chaleureux et le studio donne sur une cour bien calme qui vous permettra de dormir correctement avant d'aller affronter une autre journée de visite.Le quartier est le plus recherché de Paris : St Germain des Prés. Il est très central, de nombreux musées, cinéma, bars et restaurants en plus d'un grand Parc, les jardins du Luxembourg, qui permettent de se reposer et de profiter du calme ou de faire du jogging.Tous les transports en commun sont accessibles à pied et notamment la liaison avec l'aéroport Roissy Ch. de Gaulle est directe depuis le RER St Michel !	Comfortable Studio near St Germain des Prés. Best location to travel to and from the airports / railway stations : all transport facilitations. Ideally located near Notre Dame, St Germain des Prés, La Sainte Chapelle, Ile St louis, Beaubourg, etc
16084	Between the Seine and the Saint-Germain des Prés, in front of the Pont Neuf and of l’ile de la Cité, 5 mn away from the market place, rue de Buci, and the VI th district filled with historical cafés, restaurants, art galleries, fashion store, bookshops and small shops which make this district a worldwide famous place. The apartment: two rooms, 51m2 completely renewed. Very quiet, on a courtyard. Elevator, fully equipped kitchen. Bathroom with a bathtub. Living room with Internet, a flat Tv screen, WiFi, DVD player. Here you are in 5Om away from the rue des Saint Augustin where Picasso lived, 10mn of the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, 5 mn from the place Furstenberg, and Notre-Dame you a wink(allusion) to the right by going out on the Quay(Platform) of the Big Subway: Pont Neuf, Odeon, St Germain des Près, St Michel. Bus: 58 and 70 down the street Rue Dauphine in 10m. 	Votre appartementEntre Seine et Saint-Germain des Prés, en face du Pont Neuf et de l'ile de la Cité, à 5 mn à pied du marché de la rue de Buci et de ce 6° arrondissement riche en cafés historiques, restaurants, galeries d'art, boutiques de mode... Between the Seine and the Saint-Germain des Prés, in front of the Pont Neuf and of l’ile de la Cité, 5 mn away from the market place, rue de Buci, and the VI th district filled with historical cafés, restaurants, art galleries, fashion store, bookshops and small shops which make this district a worldwide famous place. The apartment: two rooms, 51m2 completely renewed. Very quiet, on a courtyard. Elevator, fully equipped kitchen. Bathroom with a bathtub. Living room with Internet, a flat Tv screen, WiFi, DVD player. Here you are in 5Om away from the rue des Saint Augustin where Picasso lived, 10mn of the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, 5 mn from the place Furstenberg, and Notre-Dame you a wink(allusion) to the right by going out on the Quay(Platfor
16085		Facing place Vavin, the room is close to metro station Notre-Dame-des-champs and Vavin, and 50m from Luxembourg garden, the most romantic garden in Paris.  I am living in the flat, staying in the other room with my boyfriend Sebastien. There is also four beautiful birds in the living room.  You will have your own room with a double bed. The access to the kitchen and the bathroom is free!
16086		2 bedrooms Duplex with 2 bathrooms located in an uspcale building and neighborhood by the Luxembourg Garden minutes from Saint Germain des Pres
16087	Enjoy this quiet and lovely apartment with one of the most beautiful view: from the living room, you can see the Parisian roofs, Montmartre and the Eiffel Tour everyday and everynight!	My apartment is perfect for 1 to 3 people looking for a cosy and French-style place, in the center of Paris and with a view on the Parisian roofs. Enjoy this quiet and lovely apartment with one of the most beautiful view: from the living room, you can see the Parisian roofs, Montmartre and the Eiffel Tour everyday and everynight! Guests will have access to the entire apartment made of 1 living room & kitchen, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom & toilets. It is on the 5th floor, accessible with an elevator.  The bedroom has a queen-size bed, a dressing and a window. The apartment remains very very quiet even though it's in the heart of Paris!  The bathroom is convenient (rather small). I provide you with shampoo and shower gel. It is also equipped with unlimited internet access, fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows and kitchen utensils. I speak French, English (and a bit of Brazilian and German if necessary) as I’ve been travelling a lot. I’ll make my best to help you enjoying Paris! So please, do no
16088	Superbe studio très lumineux de 30 m2 , à 2 pas du célèbre jardin du luxembourg .  En plein centre de Paris, vous apprécierez l' ambiance typiquement parisienne de la rue Vavin. En traversant le jardin du luxembourg vous rejoindrez saint germain et ses fameux cafés . Egalement à 5 minutes à pied de montparnasse , ses cinémas et ses théâtres, ainsi que ses nombreux restaurants .  Beautiful sunny studio , in the heart of Paris , near the luxembourg garden in the very chic 6 th district of Paris .  You will enjoy the typical french neighberhood with many shops and restaurants .  The flat is located near the famous saint germain des près area and also montparnasse, where you can find restaurants, cinemas and theaters .  	Grand studio plein sud , avec balcon , cuisine, salle de bain et toilettes indépendants. 5 eme étage avec ascenseur .  Quartier très vivant et commerçant .  Proximité des transports .  Beautiful sunny studio with balcony , kitchen , and bathroom .  The flat is on the 5 th floor , with a lift.   The neighberhood is very nice.  Superbe studio très lumineux de 30 m2 , à 2 pas du célèbre jardin du luxembourg .  En plein centre de Paris, vous apprécierez l' ambiance typiquement parisienne de la rue Vavin. En traversant le jardin du luxembourg vous rejoindrez saint germain et ses fameux cafés . Egalement à 5 minutes à pied de montparnasse , ses cinémas et ses théâtres, ainsi que ses nombreux restaurants .  Beautiful sunny studio , in the heart of Paris , near the luxembourg garden in the very chic 6 th district of Paris .  You will enjoy the typical french neighberhood with many shops and restaurants .  The flat is located near the famous saint germain des près area and also montparnasse, wh
16089		A deux pas du Café de Flore et des Deux Magots, dans un bel immeuble d'époque, appartement à louer Paris 6ème pour 2 personnes. Idéalemment situé dans le quartier latin, proche de tous commerces, station métro, bus, taxi et Vélib.
16090	"ACCESS TO TOURISM SITES By Foot :  2 minute to Hop On Hop Off (Bus)  1 minute from the Odeon metro (4 & 10) 3 minutes from RER (B et C) Saint Michel.  5 minutes from the Boat Trip on the Seine  5 minutes Taxi station ( Bd St Germain) 3 minutes Velib’ (bike park) and Autolib’ stations 10 minutes from “Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral” and Luxembourg Garden, Sorbonne 20 minutes from the “Louvre Museum"", Beaubourg, Pantheon... DESCRIPTION  The 1 Bedroom Apartment of 37m2, is perfect to accommodate 2 people. Located  near the St Germain boulevard, in a very quiet street,  on the 2nd floor of the building B (without elevator).  The apartment is clean,  very luminous with 5 windows overlooking the very quiet courtyard.  The 1 bedroom apartment is newly renovated, so you can appreciate the modern open kitchen and the new bathroom, and we manage to keep the fireplace . In the LIVING ROOM you have a sofa, a dining table and chairs.  The KITCHEN is fully equipped with fridge, microwave, coffee mach"	"PARIS CENTER WIFI : St GERMAIN DES PRES/St MICHEL (100m) ; NOTRE DAME, LATIN QUARTER, LUXEMBOURG (10 min), SORBONNE  BEAUTIFUL T2 (2nd floor)  : 400 sq ft / 37m2 RENOVATED, VERY QUIET and COSY. LARGE BATHROOM Métro RER (airports) Taxi : 1 min only ! ACCESS TO TOURISM SITES By Foot :  2 minute to Hop On Hop Off (Bus)  1 minute from the Odeon metro (4 & 10) 3 minutes from RER (B et C) Saint Michel.  5 minutes from the Boat Trip on the Seine  5 minutes Taxi station ( Bd St Germain) 3 minutes Velib’ (bike park) and Autolib’ stations 10 minutes from “Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral” and Luxembourg Garden, Sorbonne 20 minutes from the “Louvre Museum"", Beaubourg, Pantheon... DESCRIPTION  The 1 Bedroom Apartment of 37m2, is perfect to accommodate 2 people. Located  near the St Germain boulevard, in a very quiet street,  on the 2nd floor of the building B (without elevator).  The apartment is clean,  very luminous with 5 windows overlooking the very quiet courtyard.  The 1 bedroom apartment is ne"
16091	Situé  dans le coeur historique de PARIS à quelques minutes à pieds des stations de metro Odeon , Cluny la Sorbonne et Luxembourg    vous  découvrirez le quartier latin ses petits restaurants , La cathédrale Notre-Dame , les quais de Seine  , le Panthéon, le musée du Louvre , le musée Cluny  , la rue Mouffetard  son animation nocturne , le Jardin du Luxembourg son théâtre pour enfants , saint Germains des (website hidden) tour Eiffel est à mois de 30 minutes en transports en commun et bien sur d'autres lieux typiques  vous pourrez vous imprégner du PARIS authentique et vivre une fabuleuse aventure  , magique ! près de l'appartement nombreux  commerces , supermarchés , boulangeries , restaurants , bistrots  , théâtres , banques  une vrai vie de quartier... Magnifique appartement dans un ancien hôtel particulier datant de la fin du 18é siècle. situé au 3é étage avec ascenseur, sur cour végétalisme, calme , lumineux  rénovation complète par architecte parfaitement sécurisé , decoration co	Situé  dans le coeur historique de PARIS à quelques minutes à pieds des stations de metro Odeon , Cluny la Sorbonne et Luxembourg    vous  découvrirez le quartier latin ses petits restaurants , La cathédrale Notre-Dame , les quais de Seine  , le Panthéon, le musée du Louvre , le musée Cluny  , la rue Mouffetard  son animation nocturne , le Jardin du Luxembourg son théâtre pour enfants , saint Germains des (website hidden) tour Eiffel est à mois de 30 minutes en transports en commun et bien sur d'autres lieux typiques  vous pourrez vous imprégner du PARIS authentique et vivre une fabuleuse aventure  , magique ! près de l'appartement nombreux  commerces , supermarchés , boulangeries , restaurants , bistrots  , théâtres , banques  une vrai vie de quartier... Magnifique appartement dans un ancien hôtel particulier datant de la fin du 18é siècle. situé au 3é étage avec ascenseur, sur cour végétalisme, calme , lumineux  rénovation complète par architecte parfaitement sécurisé , decoration co
16092	Nested on a lovely building, this bright studio offers a picturesque view over Dauphine street. Cleverly designed, the apartment is also very welcoming thanks to its authentic settings, with  hexagonal floor-tiles and exposed beams. On your right when entering the apartment, the bathroom (with bathtub and toilet) and the small kitchen, very well equipped. On the other side of the apartment, the spacious main room is both comfortable and decorated with taste. Thanks to a bookshelf, the bedroom area, with its 140*190 double bed, is well separated from the living area. A choice you will not regret for your stay in Paris.	On the 4th floor of a nice building in the centre of rue Dauphine, this cosy studio features a small living, a bedroom area with real double bed, an equipped kitchen and a shower room with toilet. An amazing location in Saint-Germain  Nested on a lovely building, this bright studio offers a picturesque view over Dauphine street. Cleverly designed, the apartment is also very welcoming thanks to its authentic settings, with  hexagonal floor-tiles and exposed beams. On your right when entering the apartment, the bathroom (with bathtub and toilet) and the small kitchen, very well equipped. On the other side of the apartment, the spacious main room is both comfortable and decorated with taste. Thanks to a bookshelf, the bedroom area, with its 140*190 double bed, is well separated from the living area. A choice you will not regret for your stay in Paris. Enjoy  unlimited high speed wireless internet connection, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV programs. Hous
16093	C'est derrière une façade du 17 ème siècle, au second étage noble d'un hôtel particulier qu'est situé cet appartement d'environ 55 m2. Il vous invite au cœur d'un quartier emblématique pour un séjour empreint d'élégance et de confort. Au charme discret il dévoile un intérieur raffiné, calme  et reposant. Composé d'une entrée, d'un toilette, d'une cuisine, d'un salon, d'une chambre et d'une salle de (website hidden) belle hauteur sous plafond, son parquet Versailles, sa cheminée Empire, les tomettes 18 ème de sa chambre lui confère un style typiquement  parisien. Il  bénéficie d'un emplacement d'exception à quelques pas de la Seine, proche de sites culturels et historiques: Notre-Dame, le jardin du Luxembourg, le musée d'Orsay et l'église Saint-Germain des Prés. A proximité, en traversant le Pont-Neuf vous serez au Centre Pompidou, au musée du Louvre, aux jardins des Tuileries et au Palais Royal. Goutez aux plaisirs du quartier Saint-Germain des Prés, ses galeries d'art, ses antiquaires	C'est derrière une façade du 17 ème siècle, au second étage noble d'un hôtel particulier qu'est situé cet appartement d'environ 55 m2. Il vous invite au cœur d'un quartier emblématique pour un séjour empreint d'élégance et de confort. Au charme discret il dévoile un intérieur raffiné, calme  et reposant. Composé d'une entrée, d'un toilette, d'une cuisine, d'un salon, d'une chambre et d'une salle de (website hidden) belle hauteur sous plafond, son parquet Versailles, sa cheminée Empire, les tomettes 18 ème de sa chambre lui confère un style typiquement  parisien. Il  bénéficie d'un emplacement d'exception à quelques pas de la Seine, proche de sites culturels et historiques: Notre-Dame, le jardin du Luxembourg, le musée d'Orsay et l'église Saint-Germain des Prés. A proximité, en traversant le Pont-Neuf vous serez au Centre Pompidou, au musée du Louvre, aux jardins des Tuileries et au Palais Royal. Goutez aux plaisirs du quartier Saint-Germain des Prés, ses galeries d'art, ses antiquaires
16094	 The studio is 15m2 (160 square feet) is on the groundfloor of a charming classical 17th century building with a view on a flowery courtyard. In order to get further information (pictures, booking process details, etc) please do not hesitate to contact me.	The studio is a 1 minute walk from the subway Odeon and St Michel, and at five minutes from Notre Dame, St Germain des près, Le Louvre, Le pont des Arts. The studio is on the groundfloor of a charming classical 17th century house.  The studio is 15m2 (160 square feet) is on the groundfloor of a charming classical 17th century building with a view on a flowery courtyard. In order to get further information (pictures, booking process details, etc) please do not hesitate to contact me. The studio is composed of 2 rooms :  - bedroom with small fridge, microwave, kettle, Nespresso  - bathroom with bathtub, sink, WC There is NO KITCHEN in the studio. Wifi, towels, sheets are included.  We live next to the studio and we will be  happy to present you the neighbourhood at your arrival. The street, is very charming and quiet. Close to the boulevard St Germain and St-Michel it is the best place to visit Paris and appreciate French restaurants and bars.   It is also close to cybercoffees and super
16095	An address in the 6th arrondissement is highly desirable; but of course, there are specific streets within the 6th arrondissement that are far more attractive than others. The rue du Cherche-Midi is one of those streets where many people would give their eye teeth to live and pay a pretty penny to purchase a piece of it! One of the major factors contributing to the rue du Cherche-Midi’s exclusive charm is that it is not a major thoroughfare for traffic. An ancient street, its calm, narrow nature has many facades that go back several centuries.  Many architecturally interesting facades line the street from one end to the other and there is a plethora of restaurants, tea shops, clothing stores, and antique shops, enough to make for an appealing address. When you are on this street, both up and down, the thrill of Paris is pervasive. Our CHERCHE MIDI 5 flat is on the oldest end of the street, nearest to the Seine River and the St. Germain des Pres square. Located one flight up in what is 	Located on the one of the most elegant and historic streets in St Germain, you will find all of the best of Paris at your doorstep in this charming, 1 bedroom/1bath, while enjoying the ambiance of soaring, beamed ceiling, comfort and space. An address in the 6th arrondissement is highly desirable; but of course, there are specific streets within the 6th arrondissement that are far more attractive than others. The rue du Cherche-Midi is one of those streets where many people would give their eye teeth to live and pay a pretty penny to purchase a piece of it! One of the major factors contributing to the rue du Cherche-Midi’s exclusive charm is that it is not a major thoroughfare for traffic. An ancient street, its calm, narrow nature has many facades that go back several centuries.  Many architecturally interesting facades line the street from one end to the other and there is a plethora of restaurants, tea shops, clothing stores, and antique shops, enough to make for an appealing addres
16096	"Lovely loft with a minimalistic design located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris 5 minutes away from the ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" and 10 mn walk from the well known district of ""Saint Germain"". The loft is composed of:  - an american kitchen with all the necessary equipment to cook,  - a bathroom with a bath/shower integrated + hairdryer provided,  - a separated toilet,  - a room with a double bed (queen size) and a desk with a screen where you can connect your computer,  - a beautiful terrace heading south with a diner table outside as well as a heater when it gets cold and an electric barbecue for the summer.  - a beautiful view on the rooftops of Paris and the Montparnasse tower light up at night for a few hours during dinner time. - a parking right underneath the building with the elevator that bring you straight to the apartment (available upon request). The appartment is equipped with cable fiber wifi internet connection (really fast), a landline (allowing to call for free most fo"	"Lovely loft with a minimalistic design located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris 5 minutes away from the ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" and 10 mn walk from the well known district of ""Saint Germain"". The loft is composed of:  - an american kitchen with all the necessary equipment to cook,  - a bathroom with a bath/shower integrated + hairdryer provided,  - a separated toilet,  - a room with a double bed (queen size) and a desk with a screen where you can connect your computer,  - a beautiful terrace heading south with a diner table outside as well as a heater when it gets cold and an electric barbecue for the summer.  - a beautiful view on the rooftops of Paris and the Montparnasse tower light up at night for a few hours during dinner time. - a parking right underneath the building with the elevator that bring you straight to the apartment (available upon request). The appartment is equipped with cable fiber wifi internet connection (really fast), a landline (allowing to call for free most fo"
16097	Our House for 6 persons. In the heart of Paris, very nice apartment of 110 m2, 3 bedroom in the sublime Saint Germain des Pres. A 5/10 minute walk from the Louvre, the Orsay Museum, the Seine, you are ideally placed. The 6th district, quiet and safe, is a highly sought area to live and rents are accordingly!  The apartment is beautiful, beams, floors, fireplace, functional kitchen, 2 bathrooms with bath and shower , separate toilet and 3 bedrooms. TYPE OF HOUSE Apartment    Our Neighborhood Few neighborhoods of Paris have a rich and Saint Germain des Prés past, where history and creation have made an appointment. This mixture belongs to the genius of France. A little history ... Saint-Germain-des-Prés district has always been a special charm to the mystery which never ceases to amaze and inspire many authors. all started when 'in 542, the army of Childebert, son of Clovis, the Visigoths laid siege to Zaragoza. It was during this period that we can situate the birth of the Saint-Germain	Our House for 6 persons. In the heart of Paris, very nice apartment of 110 m2, 3 bedroom in the sublime Saint Germain des Pres. A 5/10 minute walk from the Louvre, the Orsay Museum, the Seine, you are ideally placed. The 6th district, quiet and safe, is a highly sought area to live and rents are accordingly!  The apartment is beautiful, beams, floors, fireplace, functional kitchen, 2 bathrooms with bath and shower , separate toilet and 3 bedrooms. TYPE OF HOUSE Apartment    Our Neighborhood Few neighborhoods of Paris have a rich and Saint Germain des Prés past, where history and creation have made an appointment. This mixture belongs to the genius of France. A little history ... Saint-Germain-des-Prés district has always been a special charm to the mystery which never ceases to amaze and inspire many authors. all started when 'in 542, the army of Childebert, son of Clovis, the Visigoths laid siege to Zaragoza. It was during this period that we can situate the birth of the Saint-Germain
16098	prime location! Within 5 and 10 minutes by foot : Notre dame Cathédrale, Ile de la Cité, ile saint Louis, Sainte Chapelle, Musée du Louvre, Musée d’Orsay, place Saint Michel, Luxembourg Gardens 5 minutes more you are in the Mouffetard  Contrescarpe district, Le Marais, Beaubourg, Le pantheon A bus across the street goes directly to Montmartre via the Louvre, the Opera, the shopping district (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps)  By direct bus also, you reach the Invalides, the Eiffel tower. Everything is within walking distance. The saint Germain district is very lively, full of cafés brasseries and trendy shops. Art galleries and antic shops are very close. The closest metro is Saint Germain des Prés, line 4 (2 minutes’ walk).Very close are  2 main subway stations, Saint Michel and Odeon which provide direct access to rail to Versailles and Charles de Gaulle airport (CDG).  You will stay in a wonderfully quiet and cozy apartment that is also bright and airy.  This is a fourth floor walkup i	Historic center Saint Germain des Prés Spacious, elegant, bright studio in prime location rue BONAPARTE Perfect for 2 people ! Accommodation: stylish and comfortable studio 28 m2, 1 bath, sleeps 2,  everything within walking distance  prime location! Within 5 and 10 minutes by foot : Notre dame Cathédrale, Ile de la Cité, ile saint Louis, Sainte Chapelle, Musée du Louvre, Musée d’Orsay, place Saint Michel, Luxembourg Gardens 5 minutes more you are in the Mouffetard  Contrescarpe district, Le Marais, Beaubourg, Le pantheon A bus across the street goes directly to Montmartre via the Louvre, the Opera, the shopping district (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps)  By direct bus also, you reach the Invalides, the Eiffel tower. Everything is within walking distance. The saint Germain district is very lively, full of cafés brasseries and trendy shops. Art galleries and antic shops are very close. The closest metro is Saint Germain des Prés, line 4 (2 minutes’ walk).Very close are  2 main subway stat
16099	L'appartement est très bien situé et sa petite taille et son étage élevé lui permet d'avoir un prix très attractif. Le quartier est très agréable et sécurisant. Il est animé et de qualité. De nombreuses galeries d'arts, librairies en font un lieu de référence. Le quartier est desservi par 2 lignes de métro et par les bus. La seine, au bout de la rue, le pont des arts, le louvre ;.... etc...	Quartier agréable avec commerces - Proximité Seine -Studio 15m2 lumineux   calme sur cour. 6ème ét.  sans ascenseur - Bien équipé - très bon état - Séjour avec canapé lit en 140- Kitchenette équipée - cabinet de toilette avec douche, lavabo et WC. L'appartement est très bien situé et sa petite taille et son étage élevé lui permet d'avoir un prix très attractif. Le quartier est très agréable et sécurisant. Il est animé et de qualité. De nombreuses galeries d'arts, librairies en font un lieu de référence. Le quartier est desservi par 2 lignes de métro et par les bus. La seine, au bout de la rue, le pont des arts, le louvre ;.... etc... Habitant sur tout  près de l'appartement, il est possible de me joindre par téléphone ou par mail. Le quartier est très agréable et sécurisant. Il est animé et de qualité. De nombreuses galeries d'arts, librairies en font un lieu de référence. Le quartier est desservi par 2 lignes de métro et par les bus. La seine, au bout de la rue, le pont des arts, le l
16100	This apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by two doors, one with a door code and a second with a magnetic lock. Thanks to the many double-glazed windows the apartment is very quiet, and also very bright. The apartment overlooks a quiet paved courtyard on one side, and Monsieur le Prince street on the other side. This impressive 160 sqm (1600 sq ft) apartment has three separate bedrooms, three bathrooms and three toilets. It can sleep up to six guests. It is very comfortable, very luminous, furnished with high standing pieces of furniture in a contemporary style. The entrance directly gives on the living-room, very spacious, with a large bay window made of five French windows giving on a quiet paved courtyard. This living area is equipped with comfortable couches and a large coffee table. It also features a work space with a desk, next to one of the windows. Note that the living-room features a giant screen and a video	Amazing high standing 160 sqm apartment with three bedrooms and three bathrooms to rent for six people in Paris, between the Luxembourg Garden and Odeon. This place is a pure jewel, comfortable, very quiet, exceptional ! This apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by two doors, one with a door code and a second with a magnetic lock. Thanks to the many double-glazed windows the apartment is very quiet, and also very bright. The apartment overlooks a quiet paved courtyard on one side, and Monsieur le Prince street on the other side. This impressive 160 sqm (1600 sq ft) apartment has three separate bedrooms, three bathrooms and three toilets. It can sleep up to six guests. It is very comfortable, very luminous, furnished with high standing pieces of furniture in a contemporary style. The entrance directly gives on the living-room, very spacious, with a large bay window made of five French windows giving on a quiet paved co
16101	Unique emplacement - piano - quartier très animé	A large beautiful and quiet private room with a full private en suite bathroom (shower, basin and toilet) with dressing area. Meeting upon check-in and check-out. Also available via text message or email.
16102	This modern, yet quirky flat gets tons of sunlight and is beautifully designed.  Lots of windows, tons of classic French details, and views of Saint Sulpice and the Eiffel Tower. We recently moved to Paris, so the furniture  is brand new. The place has two full-sized bedrooms, and 1.5 bathrooms. You're free to use our washer and dryer, espresso machine, or jam out on the piano. We're also happy to provide recommendations on where to eat and explore in this magical city.	Bonjour! Our apartment is a sunny, spacious 2-bedroom in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres. It has views of Saint Sulpice and the Eiffel Tower and is close to everything. With two beds/baths, it can sleep a total of 4 people.  This modern, yet quirky flat gets tons of sunlight and is beautifully designed.  Lots of windows, tons of classic French details, and views of Saint Sulpice and the Eiffel Tower. We recently moved to Paris, so the furniture  is brand new. The place has two full-sized bedrooms, and 1.5 bathrooms. You're free to use our washer and dryer, espresso machine, or jam out on the piano. We're also happy to provide recommendations on where to eat and explore in this magical city. In the heart of Paris' chicest arrondissement, you'll be in close walking distance to the Louvre, Notre Dame, Jardin du Luxembourg, the famous Cafe de Flores and Les Deux Magots, and Pont Des Arts (the love lock bridge). You're also 2min from the metro and countless other tasty places to have a 
16103	The location is located right in the center of old Paris, and just outlooking the famous Luxembourg garden including the Marie de Medicis Palace. The typical Haussmann19th century construction, on 2nd floor, very high ceilings and decoration on the ceilings. The apartment, on the 2nd floor (with elevator) is sharing its entry hall with the main one, occupied by the owners, Marie & Jean-Paul. The apartment (separated from the main one) features an hall-entrance, a queen-size bedded room, a dining room with its american, open and all-equiped kitchen and a bathroom with a large shower and WC. Both bedroom and dining room are facing the Luxembourg garden and have a big balcony running along all the flat. A High-Speed Internet access by Wi-fi is  provided. Dining room and kitchen feature: - a sofa, with an included comfortable one person bed - a dining round table for 6 people - 2 armchairs and a coffee table Kitchen is all-equiped with brand new facilities: - Washing machine - Refrigerator	"This big apartment, facing the Luxembourg Garden (one of the largest and nicest in Paris) is ideally located in the very center of the 6th arrondissement, at the crossroads of Saint-Michel and Saint-Germain-des-Prés historical & ""latin"" quarters. The location is located right in the center of old Paris, and just outlooking the famous Luxembourg garden including the Marie de Medicis Palace. The typical Haussmann19th century construction, on 2nd floor, very high ceilings and decoration on the ceilings. The apartment, on the 2nd floor (with elevator) is sharing its entry hall with the main one, occupied by the owners, Marie & Jean-Paul. The apartment (separated from the main one) features an hall-entrance, a queen-size bedded room, a dining room with its american, open and all-equiped kitchen and a bathroom with a large shower and WC. Both bedroom and dining room are facing the Luxembourg garden and have a big balcony running along all the flat. A High-Speed Internet access by Wi-fi is  p"
16104		Set in the chic 6th district in Paris, these stylish studios are located just 300 metres from the Luxembourg Gardens.
16105	AMENTITIES: - 1 spacious bedroom available in a two bedroom shared flat - Fully equipped kitchen - Washing machine, clothes drying rack, iron and board - Free high-speed Wi-Fi and cable television - Hair dryer and towels provided This shared apartment is located on the third floor of a classic Parisian building without an elevator.   The building is secure, with a coded entry then access with a key.   On entering, you are greeted by a spacious and luminous living room.  Here you will find a sofa, flat screen television, Xbox 360, a decorative fireplace and more.  The living room has beautifully exposed wooden beams and gives off a Parisian charm.  There is also a small dining table and chairs for three people.   To the right of the living room lies the fully equipped kitchen.  Here you will find a microwave oven, stove, coffee maker, tea kettle, rice cooker, toaster, and all the pots, pans, dishes and utensils you need to cook at home. The private fridge/freezer are located just outsid	1 private bedroom available in a two bedroom shared flat with a living room, kitchen and bathroom AMENTITIES: - 1 spacious bedroom available in a two bedroom shared flat - Fully equipped kitchen - Washing machine, clothes drying rack, iron and board - Free high-speed Wi-Fi and cable television - Hair dryer and towels provided This shared apartment is located on the third floor of a classic Parisian building without an elevator.   The building is secure, with a coded entry then access with a key.   On entering, you are greeted by a spacious and luminous living room.  Here you will find a sofa, flat screen television, Xbox 360, a decorative fireplace and more.  The living room has beautifully exposed wooden beams and gives off a Parisian charm.  There is also a small dining table and chairs for three people.   To the right of the living room lies the fully equipped kitchen.  Here you will find a microwave oven, stove, coffee maker, tea kettle, rice cooker, toaster, and all the pots, pans
16106		The studio (just totally renovated) includes a main room, a separated kitchen and bathing room-toilet. One double bed on the floor in Japanese TATAMI style. Located in one of the perfect district of Paris, Montparnasse, the apartment is a very cosy place for a short or long stay in Paris 20m2, a studio very well furnished and modern, with big windows. It is a very comfortable place, walking distance to Saint Germain (10min) or Luxembourg Park, 20 min to reach Opera or Concorde; 25 min to Champs Elysées, Bastille and Montmartre. Montparnasse is a very typical french district with a lot of good restaurant, nice cafe .. 5 metro lines near by which will facilitate your stay in Paris : Ligne 4, 6, 10, 12 and 13 
16107	Localisation absolument exceptionnelle, dans un lieu calme et avec de la personnalité. -------------------------------------------------------- Peacefull studio in a tremendous place	Idéal pour visiter Paris tout en se sentant chez soi. A deux pas d'Odéon, de Saint Michel, du Louvre, dans une rue calme, studio de 27 m2 avec mezzanine tout confort. Un lit double et un canapé convertible (canapé pour deux au maximum). Localisation absolument exceptionnelle, dans un lieu calme et avec de la personnalité. -------------------------------------------------------- Peacefull studio in a tremendous place Odéon RER B, C, métros ligne 8, 10, bus La partie de l'immeuble dans laquelle est localisé le studio date du 17ème siècle. ----------------------------------------------------------- Building dates back from 17th century Après plus de 20 ans ici, je suis toujours frappé par la beauté du fleuve et du jardin du Luxembourg. Une grande impression de liberté. Métros Odeon, Saint Michel, Mabillon, Pont Neuf. RER B & C à Saint Michel + bus
16108	Beautiful duplex apartment for 4.	The duplex apartment is located on the street side. Equipped, on the 5th floor with a double sofa bed, a kitchenette with eletric stoves, micro-wave, refrigerator, toilet,  cabled television. On the 6th floor, a double bed and bathroom.  Beautiful duplex apartment for 4. Sheets, towels, all for cookery, shampoo and soap, free wifi. From 9am to 8pm everyday by phone Located in the legendary and animated Latin Quarter district near shops, cafés, restaurants and the historical sites of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. A few steps away from the metro stations and bus stops and in a couple of minutes you can reach the main Parisian axes. Buses, 3 métro lines
16109	Bel appartement de 2 pièces situé au 1er étage (ascenseur) d'un immeuble ancien. La pièce principale donne sur une jolie place, 1 grande cuisine, 1 salle de bains, wc. Lumineux, calme, équipé de toutes les commodités nécessaires pour passer un agréable séjour (TV, internet, linge de maison, draps, serviettes). L'immeuble est sécurisé par un code d'accès L'appartement est à proximité d'une station de taxi, de nombreuses lignes de bus et métro (Vavin, Notre Dame des Champs, Raspail) Emplacement idéal pour découvrir Saint Germain des Prés, Notre-Dame, Saint Michel, déambuler dans les allées du célèbre jardin du Luxembourg, flâner au Bon Marché, découvrir les galeries d'art... Restaurants, cinéma, théâtres  Quelque soit la raison de votre venue à Paris, vous serez enchanté par cet appartement très intimiste et vous aurez le coup de coeur pour ce quartier.  Je vous attends! 	Niché sur la célèbre place Vavin, dans un immeuble ancien, ce petit appartement vous séduira par son confort et son emplacement.  A deux pas du Jardin du Luxembourg, à 5mn de Saint Germain des Prés, et à 10 mn de Notre Dame, de la Seine, du Louvre.  Bel appartement de 2 pièces situé au 1er étage (ascenseur) d'un immeuble ancien. La pièce principale donne sur une jolie place, 1 grande cuisine, 1 salle de bains, wc. Lumineux, calme, équipé de toutes les commodités nécessaires pour passer un agréable séjour (TV, internet, linge de maison, draps, serviettes). L'immeuble est sécurisé par un code d'accès L'appartement est à proximité d'une station de taxi, de nombreuses lignes de bus et métro (Vavin, Notre Dame des Champs, Raspail) Emplacement idéal pour découvrir Saint Germain des Prés, Notre-Dame, Saint Michel, déambuler dans les allées du célèbre jardin du Luxembourg, flâner au Bon Marché, découvrir les galeries d'art... Restaurants, cinéma, théâtres  Quelque soit la raison de votre venue
16110	 This bright and beautiful one bedroom apartment is ideally located in the most distinguished spot of Paris. It has been recently and entirely renovated, is on the 5th floor of a classic building with elevator. 3 door windows give direct access on the balcony. The apartment has a fully equipped open kitchen (dish washer, washing machine, dryer, oven, microwave, Nespresso…), in a large living room with a convertible sofa. The separated bedroom has 140 cm bed, a convertible desk, and a wide closet; Toilet in the bathroom.  Ce beau 2 pièces idéalement placé dans un des quartiers les plus recherchés de Paris a été récemment et entièrement rénové., Situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, 3 portes fenêtres sur un balcon, l’appartement est très lumineux. Il est composé d’une grande pièce salon/salle à manger, meublé d’un canapé-lit, bibliothèque, fauteuils, table et chaise pour les repas, TV HD, Internet, Wi-Fi ; une vraie cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée : réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave vai	Heart of Paris,  St Germain des Prés, beautiful 1 bedroom apartment on the 5th floor with elevator. It is conveniently and located near the touristic places, shopping, bistrots and magnificient “Jardin du Luxembourg”. This bright and beautiful one bedroom apartment is ideally located in the most distinguished spot of Paris. It has been recently and entirely renovated, is on the 5th floor of a classic building with elevator. 3 door windows give direct access on the balcony. The apartment has a fully equipped open kitchen (dish washer, washing machine, dryer, oven, microwave, Nespresso…), in a large living room with a convertible sofa. The separated bedroom has 140 cm bed, a convertible desk, and a wide closet; Toilet in the bathroom.  Ce beau 2 pièces idéalement placé dans un des quartiers les plus recherchés de Paris a été récemment et entièrement rénové., Situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, 3 portes fenêtres sur un balcon, l’appartement est très lumineux. Il est composé d’une grande p
16111	PRIVATE ROOM IN AN APARTMENT, I LIVE IN THE APARTMENT. The bedroom is 13m2 (140 ft2) and the apartment is 60m2 (650ft2), with a lift, you have a twin bed, double glazing windows in a quiet place. Bathroom, kitchen available if you need, oven and dish washer. Free wifi internet also included 	I rent my apartment from april 25th to may 10th. You will be alone and enjoy the living room , a kitchen and bathroom.  Check in could be on friday 25th 18h30. Only for one or two weeks. minimum 7 days or more with special offer
16112	Paris 6th, Odeon-Pont Neuf. The 5th and last floor, furnished studio, very good condition, quiet. Living room with kitchenette. Sleeping loft. Shower + washbasin + WC. Very well located, the studio is near Odeon, Mabillon, St Germain. Ideal for a couple or a student! 	Paris 6th, Odeon-Pont Neuf  The 5th and last floor, furnished studio, very good condition, quiet. Living room with kitchenette. Sleeping loft. Shower + washbasin + WC. Near Odeon and Mabillon. Au 5e et dernier étage, studio meublé, très bon état Once the hangout for bohemians and intellectuals, this district is a legendary district in Paris. Trendy boutiques, art galleries, and restaurants can be found throughout this district. Close to Sorbonne, Odéon, St Germain, Pont-Neuf, Quartier Latin, St Michel, Rue Mouffetard... It is the perfect place if you want some quiet place to rest between visits to one of the many touristic locations that can be easily accessed from there.  Métro Odéon ou Mabillon
16113	Emplacement parfait dans un des meilleurs quartiers de Paris, au pieds du jardin du Luxembourg ( 200 mètres ), et proche des commerces et du métro Vavin ( ligne 6 ). Typique chambre de service, au 6ème étage sans ascenseur avec wc sur le palier ( deux utilisateurs uniquement ). Rapport qualité/prix excellent pour le quartier !  La chambre peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes grâce à son canapé lit double. Une vraie cuisine équipée, avec réfrigérateur, plaque vitrocéramique , micro onde. Une vraie douche, et de nombreux rangements pour un maximum de confort.	Emplacement parfait dans un des meilleurs quartiers de Paris, au pieds du jardin du Luxembourg ( 200 mètres ), et proche des commerces et du métro Vavin ( ligne 6 ). Typique chambre de service, au 6ème étage sans ascenseur avec wc sur le palier  Emplacement parfait dans un des meilleurs quartiers de Paris, au pieds du jardin du Luxembourg ( 200 mètres ), et proche des commerces et du métro Vavin ( ligne 6 ). Typique chambre de service, au 6ème étage sans ascenseur avec wc sur le palier ( deux utilisateurs uniquement ). Rapport qualité/prix excellent pour le quartier !  La chambre peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes grâce à son canapé lit double. Une vraie cuisine équipée, avec réfrigérateur, plaque vitrocéramique , micro onde. Une vraie douche, et de nombreux rangements pour un maximum de confort.
16114	This beautiful & cosy apartment ideally placed in the 6th arrondissement, with south exposure that lets the sun in all day long, makes it the perfect place to spend your time in Paris.	Ideally placed in the center of Paris (6th) Charming bedroom for two (kingsize bed)  with a marble Shower room, WC. A spacious living room with a folding sofa, a fully equipped kitchen DISH & WASHING machines, dinning table for 8. Redone in 2014  This beautiful & cosy apartment ideally placed in the 6th arrondissement, with south exposure that lets the sun in all day long, makes it the perfect place to spend your time in Paris. METRO :  Saint Sulpice (Line 4) Mabillon (Line 10) Sevres Babylone (Line 10 & 12) BUSES: (phone number hidden)  -> Croix Rouge / Michel Debré /  Eglise St Sulpice Check in & Check out !  more if needed! Certainly one of the most beautiful areas in Paris, this friendly & authentic Latin district has everything you need around the corner; cafés, markets, shops and probably the best boulangeries 5 minutes away from each other for you to be the judge!  Saint Sulpice - Metro Line 4 is the stop just next to the house, & all the train stations are on Line 4! (Gare de L
16115		Dans petite maison en fond de cour  juste à côté du métro Saint-Sulpice (6ème). Charmant deux pièces très calme en RDC avec séjour (canapé, fauteuils, table à manger), chambre avec lit double, salle de douche et kitchenette équipée.
16116	situé en plein quartier des artistes, à 100m du café de Flore et des Deux magot cet appartement est unique. Moulure au plafond et sur les murs, le mélange modernité et ancien est l'atout charme de ce lieu d'exception.	At the heart of the famous historic district of Saint Germain des Prés, this charming studio courtyard Haussmann style, with beautiful moldings awaits you. Warm, with a fitted kitchen, 200m from metro, can accommodate 2 to 3 people. situé en plein quartier des artistes, à 100m du café de Flore et des Deux magot cet appartement est unique. Moulure au plafond et sur les murs, le mélange modernité et ancien est l'atout charme de ce lieu d'exception. Access throughout the apartment, fiber internet, equipped kitchen, washing machine etc. ... Nespresso coffee, hairdryer, kettle, what's else! I remain available all the same for the slightest concern. Sans doute le meilleur quartier de Paris, les plus grand musées et restaurants sont accessible à pied. C'est Le quartier des artistes , un quartier vivant et agréable. Le metro est celui de Saint Germain des près sur la ligne 4, il est possible de se garer en voiture sur la rue, depuis l'aéroport il y a un changement à effectuer à saint michel. T
16117	Charming flat of 31m², close to the subway Falguière (line 12). Fully equiped with a living room, a kitchen and a private bedroom. The bathroom is beautiful with a big Italian shower.	Cosy apartment fully equiped for 2 peoples. Perfect to visit and discover Paris! Only 5mn to the Gare Montparnasse, the flat is near to the famous St Germain area and the Eiffel Tower. Charming flat of 31m², close to the subway Falguière (line 12). Fully equiped with a living room, a kitchen and a private bedroom. The bathroom is beautiful with a big Italian shower. The apartment is fully equipped and you can have access to all necessary for your stay. Kitchen: - Dishwasher - Washing machine / dryer - Coffee machine - Kettle - Microwave - Toaster Bathroom  : - Hairdryer The flat is in the 15th area, between St Germain and the Eiffel Tower. Only 5mn walk to the Gare Montparnasse. Jardin du Luxembourd is around 15mn walk. The subway Falguière (line 12) is really close (1mn walk). The subway station Gare Montparnasse (5mn) has lines 4,6,12 and 13. Ideal to visit Paris!
16118	This apartment boasts of over 70 m2 (about 750 ft2) and its 4th European floor (5th US) elevation is serviced by an elevator. It has very good security and sleeps up to 4 persons; 3 adults and a young adult or child. The main bedroom has a king size bed. The second smaller bedroom has a two bunk unit, one on top of the other, which is meant only for children or young adults. The top bunk is accessed by a ladder, the mattresses are 190 cm x 80 cm (73 inches x 31 in) and are recommended for persons less than 6 feet tall - an adult could sleep on the bottom bunk. Parents must use caution with children on the bunk beds, especially when using the wooden ladder that is permanently attached to the unit. A large bathroom services the apartment and includes a large sink, a WC, a bathtub and shower combo unit – the shower head is on wall and can be removed to be used as a hand held sprayer.	What a fantastic central location, steeped in history! In fact, from your apartment window, looking down the pedestrian walkway which is over 500 years old, you can see both the oldest restaurant in Europe...maybe even the world!  Le Procope. This apartment boasts of over 70 m2 (about 750 ft2) and its 4th European floor (5th US) elevation is serviced by an elevator. It has very good security and sleeps up to 4 persons; 3 adults and a young adult or child. The main bedroom has a king size bed. The second smaller bedroom has a two bunk unit, one on top of the other, which is meant only for children or young adults. The top bunk is accessed by a ladder, the mattresses are 190 cm x 80 cm (73 inches x 31 in) and are recommended for persons less than 6 feet tall - an adult could sleep on the bottom bunk. Parents must use caution with children on the bunk beds, especially when using the wooden ladder that is permanently attached to the unit. A large bathroom services the apartment and include
16119		Perfect location in Saint Germain des Près, rive gauche, very center of Paris.  Jardin du Luxembourg down the building. Nice parisian authentic place. Simple furniture, very quiet, peaceful and sunny balcony ! 100m2, 2 bedrooms. Be welcome :)
16120		"Trendy flat in Paris 62m(phone number hidden) bed for 2 persons 1 bed fot 1 person Near ""le Jardin du Luxembourg "" Subway Vavin ligne 4  ,RER B Port Royal less than 5 minutes by foot."
16121		Beautiful sunny and quiet 3 bedroom duplex in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, 5mn walk from famous Luxembourg park, luxury boutiques and restaurants, famous Café de Flore, etc... Country spirit in the heart of Paris, Rive Gauche.
16122	This charming studio is located in the very pleasant Latin Quarter. You won’t get bored in this neighborhood filled with charm both historical and modern. Well-equipped, this studio provides all the necessary comfort. This studio is located on the 4th floor of a good quality building, with no elevator.  The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, storage areas, a dining table for 2 people and an equipped kitchenette. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets. The bookstores, publishing houses and cafés of the Latin Quarter are very popular with students from this area. Walking between old stones and jazz clubs, Saint Germain’s sidewalks are marked by bohemian and literature artists. In the Odéon neighborhood, you will meet many Parisian students and foreign tourists while having a drink, diner or going to the cinema. RER B RER C  Saint Michel   Bus 39 Bus 95   Métro 4  Saint Germain des Prés, Saint Michel	This charming studio is located in the very pleasant Latin Quarter. You won’t get bored in this neighborhood filled with charm both historical and modern. Well-equipped, this studio provides all the necessary comfort. This studio is located on the 4th floor of a good quality building, with no elevator.  The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, storage areas, a dining table for 2 people and an equipped kitchenette. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets. The bookstores, publishing houses and cafés of the Latin Quarter are very popular with students from this area. Walking between old stones and jazz clubs, Saint Germain’s sidewalks are marked by bohemian and literature artists. In the Odéon neighborhood, you will meet many Parisian students and foreign tourists while having a drink, diner or going to the cinema. RER B RER C  Saint Michel   Bus 39 Bus 95   Métro 4  Saint Germain des Prés, Saint Michel
16123	"Fully furnished apartment, very quiet (overlooking a courtyard, double paned windows) in a 6 floor building ""parisian style"". Authenticité hardwood, high ceiling and sunny ! The apartment is around 480 square feet, with one bedroom and one bathroom.  Includes washing machine and dishwasher; over 200 cable and premium channels with 2 flat screen TV and high speed wifi internet.  Very important : queen size bed !!"	"Appartement pour deux (40 m2), parfaitement placé (75006 Paris) proche Saint-Germain. Avec salon, cuisine américaine, grande chambre, salle de bain, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge ! Charming apt (480 square feet) in a great location (Paris 6, near Saint-Germain). Fully furnished with 1bedroom/1bathroom, very quiet and sunny ! Fully furnished apartment, very quiet (overlooking a courtyard, double paned windows) in a 6 floor building ""parisian style"". Authenticité hardwood, high ceiling and sunny ! The apartment is around 480 square feet, with one bedroom and one bathroom.  Includes washing machine and dishwasher; over 200 cable and premium channels with 2 flat screen TV and high speed wifi internet.  Very important : queen size bed !! My fiancee and I have a small cosy restaurant near the apartment, you are also welcome !  We know Paris very well and it would be a pleasure to give you some help ! The area is quiet and safe with lovely restaurants (rue du cherche-midi for example). Also gr"
16124	Dans un immeuble haussmanien au coeur de Saint-Germain-des-Prés au septième étage sous les toits de Paris, studio meublé très lumineux avec un coin salon et son canapé-lit et sa télévision  Un coin cuisine avec frigo, congélateur, micro-onde, four, plaques de cuisson ainsi que beaucoup d'appareils électriques et d'accessoires pour cuisiner et la machine à laver Un salle de bain assez spacieuse Un grand placard intégré pour ranger ses vêtements Serviettes de bains, draps et housse de couette propres sont à disposition. 	Studio sous les toits de Paris au coeur de Saint-germain-des-Prés. Dans un immeuble haussmanien au coeur de Saint-Germain-des-Prés au septième étage sous les toits de Paris, studio meublé très lumineux avec un coin salon et son canapé-lit et sa télévision  Un coin cuisine avec frigo, congélateur, micro-onde, four, plaques de cuisson ainsi que beaucoup d'appareils électriques et d'accessoires pour cuisiner et la machine à laver Un salle de bain assez spacieuse Un grand placard intégré pour ranger ses vêtements Serviettes de bains, draps et housse de couette propres sont à disposition. Le quartier est particulièrement bien desservi par les métros, bus et RER, qui permettent d'être rapidement dans toutes les gares parisiennes et dans tous les monuments de Paris. Je serai aussi disponible que nécessaire pour apporter toutes les informations et répondre à vos questions diverses et variées ! L'appartement est situé sur la célèbre place Saint-Sulpice, très bonne localisation pour visiter tous
16125	"At the heart of pretty and world famous ""Saint Germain des Prés"", this studio-flat is located at the 5th floor (please note: no elevator) of a 17th century building. It is 27 m² and has all amenities inside: kitchen, fully equiped, including washing machine, TV, Wifi internet, bathroom with bathtube, and 1 single bed + 1 sofa-bed (for 2 persons). It is quiet (side street) though in the middle of bubbling area, with all kind of shops and art galleries around. Right downstairs is a grocery store ""Monoprix"", that is furnishing everything, from food to clothes & usefull products. Famous ""star-corner"" restaurant of Sushi is in front of the building. In a 150 M round around the building are all type of cuisine restaurants: traditionnal french, italian, asian, Antilles style, English-irish pubs and french ""bistros""... Seine river is a few meters away, and Louvres can be reached by walking. All the other attractions are in a close location: Jardin des Plantes, Latin district, Eiffel Tower, ..."	"At the heart of pretty and world famous ""Saint Germain des Prés"", this studio-flat is located at the 5th floor (please note: no elevator) of a 17th century building. It is 27 m² and has all amenities inside: kitchen, fully equiped, including washing machine, TV, Wifi internet, bathroom with bathtube, and 1 single bed + 1 sofa-bed (for 2 persons). It is quiet (side street) though in the middle of bubbling area, with all kind of shops and art galleries around. Right downstairs is a grocery store ""Monoprix"", that is furnishing everything, from food to clothes & usefull products. Famous ""star-corner"" restaurant of Sushi is in front of the building. In a 150 M round around the building are all type of cuisine restaurants: traditionnal french, italian, asian, Antilles style, English-irish pubs and french ""bistros""... Seine river is a few meters away, and Louvres can be reached by walking. All the other attractions are in a close location: Jardin des Plantes, Latin district, Eiffel Tower, ..."
16126	"The flat has a wonderful location: very close to the metro Saint-Michel, but you can also see eiffel Tower from the window! And a lift will carry all your heavy luggages :) It's 5 minutes walk from Notre-Dame and 10 to Louvre, in the heart of Odeon/Latin quarter, historical and touristic,safe and calme building, really close from ""Quais de Seine"", Velib, restaurant, bar.  There is a nice boulangerie, you have a supermarket also just few minutes walk from the apartment. You have all you can imagine and want close to the apartment ! Metro from line 4 (""Saint Michel""), 10, 7, 1 are very close to the appartment so basically you can go everywhere in Paris without having to change too often!  You have too the RER C very close to the apartment : very useful when you come from CDG aeroport ! Place is 23sqm, very cosy, very comfortable, you have a queen size bed (130x190 cm), the size of this bed is enough for two persons ! The bathroom is equiped with a bath, perfect after a long day of walkin"	"Apartment in the heart of Paris The flat has a wonderful location: very close to the metro Saint-Michel, but you can also see eiffel Tower from the window! And a lift will carry all your heavy luggages :) It's 5 minutes walk from Notre-Dame and 10 to Louvre, in the heart of Odeon/Latin quarter, historical and touristic,safe and calme building, really close from ""Quais de Seine"", Velib, restaurant, bar.  There is a nice boulangerie, you have a supermarket also just few minutes walk from the apartment. You have all you can imagine and want close to the apartment ! Metro from line 4 (""Saint Michel""), 10, 7, 1 are very close to the appartment so basically you can go everywhere in Paris without having to change too often!  You have too the RER C very close to the apartment : very useful when you come from CDG aeroport ! Place is 23sqm, very cosy, very comfortable, you have a queen size bed (130x190 cm), the size of this bed is enough for two persons ! The bathroom is equiped with a bath, pe"
16127	"Cute studio between Saint-Germain des Prés and Jardin du Luxembourg. A very calm and bright studio with a nice bathroom and equipped kitchen (kettle, toaster, microwave, fridge) It is located on the 4th floor (with an elevator) and 3 big windows make this apartment a very bright one, as you can see on the pictures. Wi fi access and TV. You will find every store you need in the neighborhood, and a convenient store is open until midnight. You will also find a great ""boulangerie"" at the corner of Rue de Mezieres and Rue de Rennes. A bio market is available every sunday and you can walk through the market on boulevard Raspail every Tuesday and Friday. Perfect for a few days in Paris with everything nearby, and I also can provide a lot of cool ideas to enjoy your staying."	"Cute studio between Saint-Germain des Prés and Jardin du Luxembourg. A very calm and bright studio with a nice bathroom and equipped kitchen (kettle, toaster, microwave, fridge) It is located on the 4th floor (with an elevator) and 3 big windows make this apartment a very bright one, as you can see on the pictures. Wi fi access and TV. You will find every store you need in the neighborhood, and a convenient store is open until midnight. You will also find a great ""boulangerie"" at the corner of Rue de Mezieres and Rue de Rennes. A bio market is available every sunday and you can walk through the market on boulevard Raspail every Tuesday and Friday. Perfect for a few days in Paris with everything nearby, and I also can provide a lot of cool ideas to enjoy your staying. Nearest station : Saint Sulpice on line 4 (direct access to St Michel, Chatelet les Halles, Gare du Nord) other stations : Mabillon & Sevres Babylone (lines 10 & 12, direct access to Champ de Mars, Musée d'Orsay, Madeleine"
16128		The appartment is very central and offers a great view just as you walk along the pont neuf. Available only during the weekdays.
16129	A 5 guests apartment, only 200 m far from Pont Neuf, all services included, very charming. Second floor with elevator. Completely renovated spring 2012. Small kitchen, well equipped with dishwasher, oven, coffee boiler. Free WI-FI for guests. Cable TV and phone, dryer/washmachine, hairdryer, iron and board. Can accomodate couple on mezzanine, and additional couple plus single on sofa bed.  Perfect location for tourism in the center, close to 3 metro stations and RER B/C (to CDG and Orly airports, Versailles castle and Eurodisney) Louvre and Orsay Museums, Notre Dame are within walking distance. Velib (city bike rental) just outside door! Very lively surrondings with bars and restaurants and a lot of life but apartment is very quiet, no noise at all. No party rule applies. No pets. You can reach it by car, but parking is not permitted! Closest parkings are parkingmazarine, and vincipark (rue hautefoille / place saint michel). STRICLY NOT SMOKING! No smoking even on the balcony. Please w	A 5 guests apartment, only 200 m far from Pont Neuf, all services included, very charming. Second floor with elevator. Completely renovated spring 2012. Small kitchen, well equipped with dishwasher, oven, coffee boiler. Free WI-FI for guests. Cable TV and phone, dryer/washmachine, hairdryer, iron and board. Can accomodate couple on mezzanine, and additional couple plus single on sofa bed.  Perfect location for tourism in the center, close to 3 metro stations and RER B/C (to CDG and Orly airports, Versailles castle and Eurodisney) Louvre and Orsay Museums, Notre Dame are within walking distance. Velib (city bike rental) just outside door! Very lively surrondings with bars and restaurants and a lot of life but apartment is very quiet, no noise at all. No party rule applies. No pets. You can reach it by car, but parking is not permitted! Closest parkings are parkingmazarine, and vincipark (rue hautefoille / place saint michel). STRICLY NOT SMOKING! No smoking even on the balcony. Please w
16130	Vous passez un porche typiquement parisien pour arriver dans une cour pavée où se trouvent encore les vestiges du Couvent des Grands Augustins. L'appartement est au 3ème étage, ce qui vous fera apprécier la sublime cage d'escalier d'époque. Comme l'immeuble est classé aux monuments historiques, il n'y a malheureusement pas d'ascenseur, mais quelle joie de découvrir poutres et tomettes du XVIIème siècle. L'appartement se compose d'une chambre avec lit double donnant sur une cour très calme. Vous disposez d'une chaine Hi-Fi ainsi que d'un écran plat (télévision par câble) avec lecteur DVD intégré. La chambre est entrouverte sur un salon cosy et décoré avec goût (canapé-lit). Un coin salle à manger vous permettra de préparer des dîners pour 6 personnes. Une cuisine toute équipée donne également sur le salon.  De l'autre côté de l'entrée, vous disposez d'un bureau (avec PC portable, connexion Internet et imprimante) et d'une salle de bain moderne (baignoire, cabine de douche indépendante e	Vous passez un porche typiquement parisien pour arriver dans une cour pavée où se trouvent encore les vestiges du Couvent des Grands Augustins. L'appartement est au 3ème étage, ce qui vous fera apprécier la sublime cage d'escalier d'époque. Comme l'immeuble est classé aux monuments historiques, il n'y a malheureusement pas d'ascenseur, mais quelle joie de découvrir poutres et tomettes du XVIIème siècle. L'appartement se compose d'une chambre avec lit double donnant sur une cour très calme. Vous disposez d'une chaine Hi-Fi ainsi que d'un écran plat (télévision par câble) avec lecteur DVD intégré. La chambre est entrouverte sur un salon cosy et décoré avec goût (canapé-lit). Un coin salle à manger vous permettra de préparer des dîners pour 6 personnes. Une cuisine toute équipée donne également sur le salon.  De l'autre côté de l'entrée, vous disposez d'un bureau (avec PC portable, connexion Internet et imprimante) et d'une salle de bain moderne (baignoire, cabine de douche indépendante e
16131	Chambre principale ayant une magnifique vue sur le théâtre de l'Odéon et le Jardin du Luxembourg. Salon avec Télé Multi-Canal et canapé 4 personnes parfaitement convertible en lit double. Cuisine totalement équipée avec : réfrigérateur, congélateur, four à 240°C avec plaques de cuisson séparées, four à micro ondes 900w, machine Nespresso, lave linge et sèche linge. Salle de bains séparée avec baignoire et WC. Le tout dans un espace intelligemment pensé de 42m². Salon avec canapé convertible. Télé, multi-chaînes et Wifi. Cuisine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, four micro ondes, four avec plaques, lave linge et sèche linges. Machine Nespresso. Chambre avec lit double. Salle de bains avec toilettes et baignoire. Accueil personnel et conseils avisés sur l'appartement et le quartier. Chic sans être guindé, raffiné, élégant, riche culturellement et gastronomiquement (excellents restaurants La Méditerranée au pied de l'immeuble, et le Comptoir du Relais dans la même rue de l'Odéon).  Pour	Joli deux pièces parisien typique de 42m entièrement équipé et extrêmement bien situé au cœur du quartier Odéon/Latin/St Germain-des-Prés dans le 6ème. Chambre avec lit double ayant une magnifique vue sur le théâtre de l'Odéon et le Jardin du Luxembourg. Chambre principale ayant une magnifique vue sur le théâtre de l'Odéon et le Jardin du Luxembourg. Salon avec Télé Multi-Canal et canapé 4 personnes parfaitement convertible en lit double. Cuisine totalement équipée avec : réfrigérateur, congélateur, four à 240°C avec plaques de cuisson séparées, four à micro ondes 900w, machine Nespresso, lave linge et sèche linge. Salle de bains séparée avec baignoire et WC. Le tout dans un espace intelligemment pensé de 42m². Salon avec canapé convertible. Télé, multi-chaînes et Wifi. Cuisine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, four micro ondes, four avec plaques, lave linge et sèche linges. Machine Nespresso. Chambre avec lit double. Salle de bains avec toilettes et baignoire. Accueil personnel et c
16132	This apartment is located on the 2nd French floor of a 20th century building.  The building is equipped with an elevator, a security code, an intercom and a concierge.  The apartment includes 1 large living/dining room with a double bed (140x200 cm), 1 separate and not closed kitchen and 1 bathroom.  	This 35m2 (380 sqft) apartment is located in the 6th district of Paris near the very parisian Saint-Germain-des-Prés district and close to the very well known Bon Marché. This spacious studio offers all the modern comfort. It can welcome up to 2 ppl. This apartment is located on the 2nd French floor of a 20th century building.  The building is equipped with an elevator, a security code, an intercom and a concierge.  The apartment includes 1 large living/dining room with a double bed (140x200 cm), 1 separate and not closed kitchen and 1 bathroom.  The following equipments are at your disposal: Unlimited Internet access, Wi-Fi, central heating, fan, books, stereo. Linen, sheets, towels, wardrobe, washing machine, hairdryer, laundry rack, broom and vacuum. Kitchen: Electric hot plates, cooker hood, oven, microwave oven, toaster, kettle, refrigerator, dishwasher, coffee maker, cupboards with dishes and casseroles etc. Living/dining room: With a surface of approximately 25 sqm - 269 sqft, h
16133	Herrliche Aussicht auf die Dächer der Altstadt und den Eiffelturm	Reizende Attikawohnung im Herzen des Quartier Latin mit herrlicher Aussicht auf die Dächer von Paris und teilweise den Eiffelturm. Die Wohnung hat zwei Doppelbetten und ein Aushilfsbett im Schrank. Sehr ruhige Wohnung trotz dem regen Leben   Herrliche Aussicht auf die Dächer der Altstadt und den Eiffelturm Metro, Bus alles in nächster Nähe Diese Wohnung ist im letzten 6. Stock ohne Aufzug. Sie ist also nur für fitte Leute gedacht...
16134	"Tout petit studio de 9m² extrêmement bien agencé dans immeuble de charme extrêmement calme rue Bonaparte (entre place Saint-Sulpice et église Saint-Germain-des-Prés). Frigo, plaques électriques, douche à l'intérieur, WC personnel sur le palier. Lit-canapé ""clic-clac"" à déplier, table avec 2 chaises. Tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner/Draps+Serviettes+Torchons fournies. Au 6ème étage, avec ascenseur jusqu'au 4ème étage. Wifi. Déco simple et personnalisée. Je suis un étudiant sur Paris qui vous propose sa ""studette"" en sous-location lorsque je suis absent. C'est un tout petit bijou en plein coeur de Paris, le pied-à-terre idéal l'espace d'un week-end. Le principal atout est son emplacement: au plein coeur de Saint-germain des Prés et de Paris, il vous permet d'avoir un petit chez-vous le temps d'un week-end, où vous pouvez cuisiner et dormir agréablement, tout en étant à proximité à pied de tous les beaux quartiers. Je mets à votre disposition guides, et plans de Paris. Pour y avoir souven"	"Tout petit studio de 9m² extrêmement bien agencé dans immeuble de charme extrêmement calme rue Bonaparte (entre place Saint-Sulpice et église Saint-Germain-des-Prés). Frigo, plaques électriques, douche à l'intérieur, WC personnel sur le palier. Lit-canapé ""clic-clac"" à déplier, table avec 2 chaises. Tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner/Draps+Serviettes+Torchons fournies. Au 6ème étage, avec ascenseur jusqu'au 4ème étage. Wifi. Déco simple et personnalisée. Je suis un étudiant sur Paris qui vous propose sa ""studette"" en sous-location lorsque je suis absent. C'est un tout petit bijou en plein coeur de Paris, le pied-à-terre idéal l'espace d'un week-end. Le principal atout est son emplacement: au plein coeur de Saint-germain des Prés et de Paris, il vous permet d'avoir un petit chez-vous le temps d'un week-end, où vous pouvez cuisiner et dormir agréablement, tout en étant à proximité à pied de tous les beaux quartiers. Je mets à votre disposition guides, et plans de Paris. Pour y avoir souven"
16135	Charming triplex located in Saint Germain (6th district). Perfect for 4 people, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a large living room with a dining area with an open fully equipped kitchen. In the heart of Paris, in the Saint Germain des Pres, this bright apartment is very convenient for visiting Paris. Located front of the Palette mythical coffee artists and street art gallery. This is the perfect place for Art lovers, the Louvre is 5 minutes walk, Notre Dame 10 minutes,  the Musée d'Orsay 15mn and the Centre Georges Pompidou 20 mn	Charming triplex located in saint Germain des Prés (6th district). Perfect for 4 people, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a large living room with a dining space and  open kitchen all equipped. A bright appartement very convinient to visit Paris. Floor 4. Charming triplex located in Saint Germain (6th district). Perfect for 4 people, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a large living room with a dining area with an open fully equipped kitchen. In the heart of Paris, in the Saint Germain des Pres, this bright apartment is very convenient for visiting Paris. Located front of the Palette mythical coffee artists and street art gallery. This is the perfect place for Art lovers, the Louvre is 5 minutes walk, Notre Dame 10 minutes,  the Musée d'Orsay 15mn and the Centre Georges Pompidou 20 mn I will give you the best addresses in the neighborhood,from the typical restaurant to the new trendy bar. The area looks like a small village, the art galleries and the small coffee gives it a typical charm of old paris
16136	STANDING This apartment is at 1st floor of a building located in a good standing residence without vis-à-vis. Accessed by only a flight of stairs from the ground floor, it is not served by an elevator. The access of the residence is secured by a gate closed with a key from 10pm to 6am. The building access is secured by a door code. The windows overlook an alley that leads to a high school. Therefore in the morning, at noon and when the student finish their day, it can get noisy. On evenings and on weekends it is very quiet though. The apartment has been renovated in March 2013. All the equipments, kitchen tools, etc...have been checked to make sure everything was at its right place ! LAYOUT This charming 60sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms. The entrance hall gives on the main room. It has been divided in two areas. The dining-room area with a dining table that can comfortably accommodate four people, and the living-room area equipped with a couch, a coffee table, an armchair and 	Beautiful 60sqm 2-bedroom apartment ro rent for four people in the famous 6th district of Paris. Bright and comfortable, perfect for your vacation ! STANDING This apartment is at 1st floor of a building located in a good standing residence without vis-à-vis. Accessed by only a flight of stairs from the ground floor, it is not served by an elevator. The access of the residence is secured by a gate closed with a key from 10pm to 6am. The building access is secured by a door code. The windows overlook an alley that leads to a high school. Therefore in the morning, at noon and when the student finish their day, it can get noisy. On evenings and on weekends it is very quiet though. The apartment has been renovated in March 2013. All the equipments, kitchen tools, etc...have been checked to make sure everything was at its right place ! LAYOUT This charming 60sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms. The entrance hall gives on the main room. It has been divided in two areas. The dining-room ar
16137	L'appartement donne sur une jolie cour blanche ainsi que sur les toits de Paris ... Il est ainsi particulièrement calme et lumineux. Par ailleurs, des travaux ont été réalisé il y a moins d'un an, il est donc neuf et très propre !	Deux chambres confortables. Un joli salon avec petite cuisine équipée.  Quartier très central et appartement calme et lumineux. A quelques minutes à pied des métros Montparnasse, Falguière et Duroc ainsi que du jardin du Luxembourg et des pelouses de l'avenue de Breteuil. Séjour très agréable garanti ! L'appartement donne sur une jolie cour blanche ainsi que sur les toits de Paris ... Il est ainsi particulièrement calme et lumineux. Par ailleurs, des travaux ont été réalisé il y a moins d'un an, il est donc neuf et très propre ! J'aime ce quartier, ses restaurants, ses cinémas et ses magasins !  J'aime ce quartier, très vivant mais aussi proche de jardins pour s'aérer.  J'aime que ce quartier soit aussi central et bien desservi. Vous serez partout dans Paris très vite !
16138	This is an unusual place !!! You will sleep in the center of Paris, opposite the Jardin du Luxembourg. The room has a view of a convent with nuns which also explains the peace and quiet close to the museums and shops. Nice apartment, located in the Left Bank,  between Montparnasse and the garden of the Luxembourg in the 6th arrondissement. Separate bedroom with a cosy and comfortable bed and a wonderful view on green spaces. Wi - Fi, a nice desk etc... Towel and sheet are also included. Sofa bed in the living room. Some Metros stations are very close such as Notre-Dame des Champs, Vavin and Rennes. Buses, Velib and autolib are  at the foot of the building. Ideal to visit the romantic Paris. Amazing monuments around: the Senate, the Tower Montparmasse, the Eiffel Tower ( 10 min away from my apartment ), the Museum of the Louvre, Montmartre ( 15 mn direct by Metro ). Large selection of restaurants at affordable  prices. Super markets are very closed in case of self-catering. Non-smoking 	This is an unusual place !!! You will sleep in the center of Paris, opposite the Jardin du Luxembourg. The room has a view of a convent with nuns which also explains the peace and quiet close to the museums and shops. Nice apartment, located in the Left Bank,  between Montparnasse and the garden of the Luxembourg in the 6th arrondissement. Separate bedroom with a cosy and comfortable bed and a wonderful view on green spaces. Wi - Fi, a nice desk etc... Towel and sheet are also included. Sofa bed in the living room. Some Metros stations are very close such as Notre-Dame des Champs, Vavin and Rennes. Buses, Velib and autolib are  at the foot of the building. Ideal to visit the romantic Paris. Amazing monuments around: the Senate, the Tower Montparmasse, the Eiffel Tower ( 10 min away from my apartment ), the Museum of the Louvre, Montmartre ( 15 mn direct by Metro ). Large selection of restaurants at affordable  prices. Super markets are very closed in case of self-catering. Non-smoking 
16139	Unique duplex apartment, an island of peace on the corner of the Luxembourg Garden, top floor. The appartment has 2 bedrooms, 1 with a real double bed and a charming fully equipped bathroom with bathtub, and 1 smaller bedroom upstairs for an extra guest or a child (single bed, WC and washstand).  Large and comfortable living-room with a cheery woodstove, Cable TV and Wi-Fi, and a good international library.   N.B. The appartment is ideal for 3 guests, but can accomodate 5  (single or double bed added upon request in the living-room for 1 or 2 extra guests ). Just let me know! Fully equipped kitchen - orange tree, roses, and fresh herbs on the windowsill for your home-cooked French meals.	Lovely 2 BR Duplex, 645 sqft, top floors, corner of the Luxembourg Garden. Spacious living-room with woodstove, absolute quiet. Fully equipped kitchen. Fine bedroom on the street w. real double bed and bathroom. Smaller 2d BR upstairs with single bed Unique duplex apartment, an island of peace on the corner of the Luxembourg Garden, top floor. The appartment has 2 bedrooms, 1 with a real double bed and a charming fully equipped bathroom with bathtub, and 1 smaller bedroom upstairs for an extra guest or a child (single bed, WC and washstand).  Large and comfortable living-room with a cheery woodstove, Cable TV and Wi-Fi, and a good international library.   N.B. The appartment is ideal for 3 guests, but can accomodate 5  (single or double bed added upon request in the living-room for 1 or 2 extra guests ). Just let me know! Fully equipped kitchen - orange tree, roses, and fresh herbs on the windowsill for your home-cooked French meals. Lovely inner patio downstairs, with plants and fount
16140	The apartment is situated in a building from the 18th century (i.e., 1742), rue de Bourbon le Château. The flat was tastefully renovated in 2014, mixing authentic wood beams with modern materials. There is a spacious living room with a convertible sofa bed and equipped kitchen; a separate bedroom with a queen size bed (the bedroom pictures are not accurate, it's a new bed with a 160*200 Dunlopillo matress); and a bathroom with shower. The apartment is 30 m²/325 sq ft. It's on the 1st floor (2nd floor, US system)  The building is equipped with an elevator stopping between floors: you may use it with your luggages and walk down few stairs.	Lovely and modern apartment in the lively heart of St-Germain-des-Prés, rue de Bourbon-le-Château. The neighborhood is home to famous cafés (e.g., le Flore) and art galleries. Easy access: taxi, metro & bus in the vicinity. Strictly non-smoking apt. The apartment is situated in a building from the 18th century (i.e., 1742), rue de Bourbon le Château. The flat was tastefully renovated in 2014, mixing authentic wood beams with modern materials. There is a spacious living room with a convertible sofa bed and equipped kitchen; a separate bedroom with a queen size bed (the bedroom pictures are not accurate, it's a new bed with a 160*200 Dunlopillo matress); and a bathroom with shower. The apartment is 30 m²/325 sq ft. It's on the 1st floor (2nd floor, US system)  The building is equipped with an elevator stopping between floors: you may use it with your luggages and walk down few stairs. High-speed Wifi internet access. Phone with free international calls to landlines and US/Canada mobile p
16141		Studio recently renoved. 2 mins walk to the Café de Flore & St Germains Chruch. 10 mins walk to the Louvre, Notre Dame Cathedral, Panthéon, Luxembourg garden, Orsay Museum, Latin area. Next to 3 subawys ligne 4 & 10. NO SMOKING  Saint Germain des Prés retains the authentic charm of its 17th-century buildings. Rather than a meeting place for intellectuals, the area is now reputed for its designer, often luxury, boutiques, gourmet addresses and small and interesting streets ideal for a romantic stroll.Saint Germain des Prés retains the authentic charm of its 17th-century buildings. Rather than a meeting place for intellectuals, the area is now reputed for its designer, often luxury, boutiques, gourmet addresses and small and interesting streets ideal for a romantic stroll. Subways : St germains des près, Odéon (ligne 4), Mabillon (ligne 10) RER B St Michel NO SMOKING PLEASE  INTERDIT DE FUMER DANS L'APPARTEMENT  
16142	Saint-Germain is a labyrinth of fascinating streets.  With the Seine River on one side and the Luxembourg gardens on the other side, the neighborhood offers countless paths to stroll. The apartment is located on the 4th floor of an old stone building. It has a secured access. The building has an elevator up to the 3rd floor but then you have to walk up one floor to get to the apartment on the 4th floor. The apartment overlooks a lovely paved courtyard and has a view over the roofs of Paris. With its beams, pale wooden floor and windows facing the courtyard, this duplex situated on the last floor has all the criteria for an authentic and charming Parisian apartment. However, several elements of decoration make it more unique, especially the spiral staircase in aluminum, so 70s. This immaculate atmosphere can be felt from the entrance of the living room where there are an open plan kitchen, a dining table for 4 table settings and a lounge are very comfortable with a 140 cm sofa bed, armc	Saint-Germain is a labyrinth of fascinating streets.  With the Seine River on one side and the Luxembourg gardens on the other side, the neighborhood offers countless paths to stroll. The apartment is located on the 4th floor of an old stone building. It has a secured access. The building has an elevator up to the 3rd floor but then you have to walk up one floor to get to the apartment on the 4th floor. The apartment overlooks a lovely paved courtyard and has a view over the roofs of Paris. With its beams, pale wooden floor and windows facing the courtyard, this duplex situated on the last floor has all the criteria for an authentic and charming Parisian apartment. However, several elements of decoration make it more unique, especially the spiral staircase in aluminum, so 70s. This immaculate atmosphere can be felt from the entrance of the living room where there are an open plan kitchen, a dining table for 4 table settings and a lounge are very comfortable with a 140 cm sofa bed, armc
16143	Hello everyone, Do you want to experience Paris as a local?  Louvre, Orsay, Pompidou, Notre Dame, Latin Quarter, cheep bistros, fancy petit dejeuner facing the Seine like in postcards  You've got everything just around the corner. I have an apartment of 50m square, at the ground floor, good for four people. It has two bedrooms : A very large about 20 -25m square with a king size bed and a picture window. And a Smaller room, with a bed 120x200 cm. A crib is available on demand. The apartment has a designed bathroom . The apartment is typical of the Latin Quarter:  exposed stone walls and an exposed wood and beamed ceiling as well. Small but very well placed, in the city center, in Place Saint-André-des-arts, near Place Saint Michel and the Saint Michel Fountin, bordering the Seine, 2 minutes away from Notre Dame and 15 minutes away from Louvre and Orsay Museum and others (check out the map)  Close to the metro station Saint Michel, RER B (which brings you from the Charles de Gaulle airp	This 3 cozy rooms with exposed beams and stone, will be your perfect haven of peace to begin to visit Paris from its center. Located rue Saint André des Arts, in a quiet and charming courtyard, 5 minutes of Our Lady of Paris  Hello everyone, Do you want to experience Paris as a local?  Louvre, Orsay, Pompidou, Notre Dame, Latin Quarter, cheep bistros, fancy petit dejeuner facing the Seine like in postcards  You've got everything just around the corner. I have an apartment of 50m square, at the ground floor, good for four people. It has two bedrooms : A very large about 20 -25m square with a king size bed and a picture window. And a Smaller room, with a bed 120x200 cm. A crib is available on demand. The apartment has a designed bathroom . The apartment is typical of the Latin Quarter:  exposed stone walls and an exposed wood and beamed ceiling as well. Small but very well placed, in the city center, in Place Saint-André-des-arts, near Place Saint Michel and the Saint Michel Fountin, bor
16144	This one bedroom apartment of about 53 square meters (or 570 sq ft) is located on the 1st floor (ground floor +1) without an elevator features a cosy living room with two large windows, a convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters), TV set, three armchairs, a coffee table, a fireplace, a dining table for six, several antique furniture, many antique objects, and paintings. You will feel at home in this very Parisian apartment.  The kitchen is separate with stove, fridge, microwave, and washer. You can access the bathroom from the living room and it features a shower, sink, and separate toilet. The bedroom is behind the bathroom and includes a double bed (140x200centimeters). It is located on the court side, and features a large window. You will love the refined decoration! The apartment is at a walking distance to many great places and attractions in Paris such as Place Saint Germain des Prés, Place Saint Michel with the Latin Quarter, the Seine River with its bouquinistes, the Louvre Museum	This beautiful one bedroom apartment is perfectly located on Rue Gregoire de Tours between Rue de Buci and Boulevard Saint Germain, in Saint Germain des Prés and Odeon (6th arrondissement).  Accommodates 4 guests. Perfect for a romantic stay!  This one bedroom apartment of about 53 square meters (or 570 sq ft) is located on the 1st floor (ground floor +1) without an elevator features a cosy living room with two large windows, a convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters), TV set, three armchairs, a coffee table, a fireplace, a dining table for six, several antique furniture, many antique objects, and paintings. You will feel at home in this very Parisian apartment.  The kitchen is separate with stove, fridge, microwave, and washer. You can access the bathroom from the living room and it features a shower, sink, and separate toilet. The bedroom is behind the bathroom and includes a double bed (140x200centimeters). It is located on the court side, and features a large window. You will love th
16145	The apartment is very charming, with exposed beams, but modernly decorated. Beautiful wooden floors. The bedroom is small, but very comfortable, quiet and cosy. There is also a sofa bed in the living room. And everything you need in the kitchen if you feel like cooking! The terrace has a south exposure so it is sunny all day... If the weather allows it, you will be able to have breakfast overlooking the Quartier Latin and the Eiffel Tower !	Charming, very central... This apt is perfect to discover Paris. The small terrace is sunny from morning to evening. Ideal for a meal or a drink with a view on the Tour Eiffel. The area is very lively, chic and cultural, but the apt is very calm. 40sq meters.  The apartment is very charming, with exposed beams, but modernly decorated. Beautiful wooden floors. The bedroom is small, but very comfortable, quiet and cosy. There is also a sofa bed in the living room. And everything you need in the kitchen if you feel like cooking! The terrace has a south exposure so it is sunny all day... If the weather allows it, you will be able to have breakfast overlooking the Quartier Latin and the Eiffel Tower ! The building is secured by an entrance code. There is also an elevator. I will be here on you arrival to give you the keys and to show you around. Also, I'm available at all time if you need any information about the apartment or the city. This is where you want to be to live like a real trend
16146	I rent you my beautiful apartment completely renovated in the HEART OF PARIS IN SAINT-GERMAIN-DES-PRES. IN THE APARTMENT : - A Comfortable Real Bed - A kitchen full equipped  - A bathroom + washing machine - A Balcony for romantic breakfast : ) OUTSIDE : The Most Glamourous Location of Paris  with everything in walking distance. Check my photos everything is at a walking distance :p	Hello : ) Welcome in my Beautiful Apartment !!! Spectacular View from the balcony over the Famous Church of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. You will sleep very well in my apartment , it's quiet, comfortable and brand new !!! I rent you my beautiful apartment completely renovated in the HEART OF PARIS IN SAINT-GERMAIN-DES-PRES. IN THE APARTMENT : - A Comfortable Real Bed - A kitchen full equipped  - A bathroom + washing machine - A Balcony for romantic breakfast : ) OUTSIDE : The Most Glamourous Location of Paris  with everything in walking distance. Check my photos everything is at a walking distance :p My friend Coral, Darryl , Lo or I will meet you outside the building to welcome you. I'll be always available if you need me or by telephone or internet. Fantastic Neighbourhood : Café de Flore , Les Deux Magots , La Durée, Jardin du luxembourg, etc... everything just walking distance !!! Subway Stations : 1) Saint-Germain-des-Prés line 4 or 2) Mabillon line 10 At the check in i will give you :
16147	L'appartement est en plein centre de Paris, au calme, très lumineux et à 50 m du jardin du Luxembourg.	Chambre lumineuse dans un appartement familial au bout d'un petit couloir avec WC et douche réservée. Lit double 160cm x 200cm. L'appartement est en plein centre de Paris, au calme, très lumineux et à 50 m du jardin du Luxembourg. Les voyageurs auront accès à la chambre, des WC et une douche sont également prévus. Possibilité de se faire à manger dans la cuisine familiale. Nous occupons cet appartement avec ma compagne, nos fils Maxime 2 ans & Louis 2 mois. Nous connaissons très bien Paris et pourrons donner de bons conseils pour visiter. Le jardin du Luxembourg à 50 m est vraiment très agréable. De nombreux magasins sont à proximité. Très bien desservi : RER B (Port Royal), métro (L4 Vavin et L12 Notre Dame des Champs) et bus. Adeptes de la colocation étudiante, nous sommes des habitués de la vie en communauté.
16148	Typically Parisian apartment, very quiet and bright, with two courtyard. Fifth and last floor (no elevator). Wooden floor (parquet), moldings, two bedrooms, living-room, kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, separate toilets, large window in every room! Baby bed (up to 2 years old) and changing table available.	Lovely typical Parisian apartment, 50m² (~500 sq ft), on the top floor, two very quiet courtyards. Located in the lively and historic district of Vavin in the heart of the Left Bank, near the Luxembourg Gardens, St-Germain-des-Pres and Montparnasse. Typically Parisian apartment, very quiet and bright, with two courtyard. Fifth and last floor (no elevator). Wooden floor (parquet), moldings, two bedrooms, living-room, kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, separate toilets, large window in every room! Baby bed (up to 2 years old) and changing table available. The key are with friends from the neighborhood, they will meet you either at the apartment or at the closest subway station. Reachable by phone at any time. A friend will be there to welcome you, or if needed. Calm and lively at the same time, with its many renowned restaurants and cafés, excellent bookshops and cinemas. 5 minutes from the Luxembourg Gardens or the Foundation Cartier for Contemporary Art, 15 minutes walk from St-Germain an
16149	Situé en plein quartier des artistes, à 500m du café de Flore et des Deux magot cet appartement est unique.  est l'atout charme de ce lieu d'exception. Accès à tout l'appartement, internet par la fibre, cuisine équipé, lave linge, lave vaisselle, etc... cafetière.... Je reste disponible tout le même pour le moindre souci. L'appartement est situé au 3 éme étage avec ascenseur.	Appartement meublé 60 m², dans immeuble pierre de taille. Très bel emplacement. Chambre : lit double, bureau, canapé, TV écran plat, connexion internet, 1 fenêtres donnant sur rue, très bien isolé, parquet, salle de bains/wc, cuisine équipée. Situé en plein quartier des artistes, à 500m du café de Flore et des Deux magot cet appartement est unique.  est l'atout charme de ce lieu d'exception. Accès à tout l'appartement, internet par la fibre, cuisine équipé, lave linge, lave vaisselle, etc... cafetière.... Je reste disponible tout le même pour le moindre souci. L'appartement est situé au 3 éme étage avec ascenseur. L'appartement est entièrement disponible aux hôtes. Pendant votre séjour si supérieur à 7 jours possibilité d'une femme de ménage à vos frais. Sans doute le meilleur quartier de Paris, les plus grand musées et restaurants sont accessible à pied. C'est Le quartier des artistes , un quartier vivant et agréable, tout près des bords de Seine. Shopping.  A deux pas des plus beaux 
16150	"Charming studio in the famous rue de Seine in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, mytic area with le Cafe de la Palette and ""le marché de BUCI"" , between bvd Saint Germain and the river, in front of ""le Louvre"" museum, it's the most central location in Paris. 2 single beds can be done in double, well equiped kitchen and full bathroom. overlooking the street ( 3rd floor) but the windows are double glass. "	"Charming studio in the famous rue de Seine in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, mytic area with le Cafe de la Palette and ""le marché de BUCI"" , between bvd Saint Germain and the river, in front of ""le Louvre"" museum, it's the most central location in Paris. 2 single beds can be done in double, well equiped kitchen and full bathroom. overlooking the street ( 3rd floor) but the windows are double glass. "
16151		Bonjour, Studio de 22m2, très bien situé dans le 5ème arrondissement, en face du jardin du Luxembourg et avec une très belle vue sur le Panthéon. Vous serez à moins de 10 min à pied de Saint-Michel, Odéon et Notre Dame! Un endroit idéal!
16152	You are at the sixth floor of an old haussmanian building. You will apreciate the view of the Luxembourg garden and Eiffel Tower.	Welcome in a 43 meters2 in the fifth area of Paris. You will appreciate the amazing view of the Luxembourg garden and the Eiffel Tower!!The flat is located close to St Michel place and Notre Dame by foot (5'). RER B Luxembourg outside the door. You are at the sixth floor of an old haussmanian building. You will apreciate the view of the Luxembourg garden and Eiffel Tower.
16153	• An inviting and charming Parisian Apartment On a mythical street in the very heart of Saint-Germain, set back on a typical historic courtyard, this tranquil and secluded second floor apartment invites you to experience the Parisian way of life. Immersed in the popular left bank district, you will enjoy its truly central and sought after location, right in between the River Scene and the “Boulevard” Saint-Germain with its numerous designer shops, cafés and popular restaurants. This typically old Parisian second-floor apartment (with no elevator) has been entirely renovated, whilst preserving the beauty of the original wooden beams. The decoration is modern, simple and elegant revealing a beautiful bright space, full of natural light. The practical layout would suit one or two couples or a family with children. The wooden floors, white walls and large bay window make the living room the ideal place to relax after a day exploring Paris. The comfortable sofa can be made into a single bed	On a mythical street in the very heart of Saint-Germain, set back on a typical historic courtyard, this tranquil and secluded second floor apartment invites you to experience the Parisian way of life. • An inviting and charming Parisian Apartment On a mythical street in the very heart of Saint-Germain, set back on a typical historic courtyard, this tranquil and secluded second floor apartment invites you to experience the Parisian way of life. Immersed in the popular left bank district, you will enjoy its truly central and sought after location, right in between the River Scene and the “Boulevard” Saint-Germain with its numerous designer shops, cafés and popular restaurants. This typically old Parisian second-floor apartment (with no elevator) has been entirely renovated, whilst preserving the beauty of the original wooden beams. The decoration is modern, simple and elegant revealing a beautiful bright space, full of natural light. The practical layout would suit one or two couples or 
16154	El apartamento está situado en uno de los mejores barrios de París, en pleno centro y al lado del metro y de distintas paradas de autobuses. En un edificio típico parisino lleno de encanto. Consta de una habitación doble con armario y cama muy cómoda. Una salón comedor equipado con un sofá cama que se transforma en cama doble para otras dos personas. El cuarto de baño tiene una bañera mediana y la cocina está equipada con nevera, vitrocerámica y todo aquello que puedas necesitar para cocinar. 	El apartamento está situado en uno de los mejores barrios de París, en pleno centro y al lado del metro y de distintas paradas de autobuses. En un edificio típico parisino lleno de encanto. Consta de una habitación doble con armario y cama muy cómoda. Una salón comedor equipado con un sofá cama que se transforma en cama doble para otras dos personas. El cuarto de baño tiene una bañera mediana y la cocina está equipada con nevera, vitrocerámica y todo aquello que puedas necesitar para cocinar.  Es un apartamento que se alquila al completo, con cocina independiente y cuarto de baño con bañera mediana y ducha... Siempre habrá alguien esperando la entrada de los nuevos huéspedes para poder indicarles todo lo necesario sobre el apartamento y sus alrededores, así como para ubicarles en la ciudad El barrio Latino de París es más que conocido por su ambiente bohemio, artístico, lleno de lugares para acudir, en el mismísimo centro de París, a 200 metros del Sena, con su Pont Neuf, la Isla de la
16155	It's a 30 squarred meters appartement with a room, living room and opened kitchen, totally refreshed 2 years ago and large enough for two people.	This 2-rooms flat is ideally located in the very center of the most charming Paris district, Saint-Germain ! It's a 30 squarred meters appartement with a room, living room and opened kitchen, totally refreshed 2 years ago and large enough for two people. All the domestic tools (washing machine, oven, tv, internet...) and large storage places. The appartment is on the 1st floor, at the back of a small collective private courtyard. I can welcome guests during all the week-end, or in the week at the early morning, between noon and 2pm, or after 7pm. But if you let me know about your schedules in advance, I could plan it and be more flexible for your welcome ! It's a magic place, where you can get the best of Paris ! Shops, restaurants, museums, bars, walking paths along the Seine, Notre Dame, etc. Metro stations Odéon and Mabillon, and more than 5 bus lines !
16156	very Parisian apartment of 165 m2 on the left bank. Art Deco staircase.  This apartment is my apartment, I rent when I'm in the south west.  It has not overlooked and is very quiet and charming.  sleeps up to 6 people linen provided Non smoking apartment The check in is not after 8H00 PM Arrivals are not after 8:00 p.m.  If arriving between 8pm to 9:30 p.m. an extra 20 euros is required on arrival. bed linen and towels provided  breakfast can be delivered at home the price is between between 10 to 15 euros per person	beautiful artist apartment, spacious and very comfortable, the heart of Parisian life. In a beautiful building. at the 2nd floor (stairs and elevator). Not overlooked 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 very large living room, 1 large kitchen. very Parisian apartment of 165 m2 on the left bank. Art Deco staircase.  This apartment is my apartment, I rent when I'm in the south west.  It has not overlooked and is very quiet and charming.  sleeps up to 6 people linen provided Non smoking apartment The check in is not after 8H00 PM Arrivals are not after 8:00 p.m.  If arriving between 8pm to 9:30 p.m. an extra 20 euros is required on arrival. bed linen and towels provided  breakfast can be delivered at home the price is between between 10 to 15 euros per person travelers will have access to the whole apartment you can ask me any questions, I will answer them with pleasure.  A very nice person will welcome you (sI won't be there because I rent my apartment only when I'm not in Paris) famous lively an
16157	Welcome! Located in the heart of the Odeon district in the 6th arrondissement, between the garden of the Luxembourg and the Saint Germain district, this small charming apartment will allow you to take full advantage of your stay in Paris. Many shops, bars and cultural sites in the vicinity. 3 Minutes from the metro Odeon (line 4 and 10), 10 minutes from the Luxembourg du RER B station, which is the direct line to the airports Orly or Roissy Charles De Gaulle airport, 3 minutes from the garden of the Luxembourg, 5 minutes from Saint Germain des Prés. Small well laid out studio, on the 3th floor, for one or two people, including an equipped kitchenette, a bathroom with WC and a click-clac bed with a quality mattress.	Welcome! Located in the heart of the Odeon district in the 6th arrondissement, between the garden of the Luxembourg and the Saint Germain district, this small charming apartment will allow you to take full advantage of your stay in Paris. Many shops, bars and cultural sites in the vicinity. 3 Minutes from the metro Odeon (line 4 and 10), 10 minutes from the Luxembourg du RER B station, which is the direct line to the airports Orly or Roissy Charles De Gaulle airport, 3 minutes from the garden of the Luxembourg, 5 minutes from Saint Germain des Prés. Small well laid out studio, on the 3th floor, for one or two people, including an equipped kitchenette, a bathroom with WC and a click-clac bed with a quality mattress.
16158		This very big architect owned apartment, comfortably sleeps 8 people and features large sliding windows overlooking Luxembourg Gardens and Paris rooftops, designed furniture, fully equipped kitchen, 3 bathrooms and 3 large double bedrooms. It's an outstanding 5th floor of a Contemporary building with lift and beautiful communal gardens.
16159	Located on the 4th floor of an eighteenth century building in a very popular and frequented street in the 6th arrondissement, this little studio offers all the desired comfort. Completely renovated in 2015, very bright, warm and modern, it features an open kitchen, a shower room with WC, cupboards and a sleeping loft for two. The living space is fully optimized. Ideal for young serious visitors and respectful of places.	"Located on the 4th floor of an eighteenth century building in a very popular and frequented street in the 6th arrondissement, this little studio offers all the desired comfort. Completely renovated in 2015, very bright, warm and modern, it features an open kitchen, a shower room with WC, cupboards and a sleeping loft for two. The living space is fully optimized. Ideal for young serious visitors and respectful of places. Access to all the equipments Welcome made by the owners 6th district - Saint Germain des Prés is a colourful district and one of the most attractive in the capital. The studio is at 5 minutes walking from the famous department store ""Bon Marché "" and Boulevard Saint-Germain. The environment is ideal; many luxury shops (Vuitton, Dior ...), cafes and renowned restaurants (Café de Flore, Les Deux Magots, Brasserie Lipp ...). A perfect location to discover the wonders of the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, Notre Dame or to stroll through the galleries (rue de Seine). Very close "
16160		Chambre dans un appartement de 50 m2 au centre de Paris, situé à 5 minutes du métro Odéon et Mabillon c'est un emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris.  Profitez de son bar américain et de son salon spacieux pour passer un agréablé séjour Parisien.
16161	This apartment is on the second floor of a typical Parisian flat (no elevator). Located rue des Grands Augustins, a few steps from the Seine, between Saint-Germain-des-Prés and Notre Dame, the apartment is conveniently located. Few minutes from the metro stations Pont Neuf, Odéon and Saint Michel, the apartment is located in a lively district of Paris. Countless restaurants and cafés can be found near it. Walking, sightseeing or even shopping in the neighborhood are quite possible. This apartment with antique floor is clean and well equipped. It includes: - A spacious room with view on the rue des Grands Augustins (with a fireplace) - A  bed - A bathroom (shower) - A desk with some armchairs - A dining room / living room - A mezzanine where two people can sleep - A small kitchen (fridge, oven, ...) - Wi-Fi, TV, washing machine. Charming and comfortable, this apartement is a perfect pied-à-terre for a family or friends coming to discover Paris. On the same floor, there is a studio avail	This apartment is on the second floor of a typical Parisian flat (no elevator). Located rue des Grands Augustins, a few steps from the Seine, between Saint-Germain-des-Prés and Notre Dame, the apartment is conveniently located. Few minutes from the metro stations Pont Neuf, Odéon and Saint Michel, the apartment is located in a lively district of Paris. Countless restaurants and cafés can be found near it. Walking, sightseeing or even shopping in the neighborhood are quite possible. This apartment with antique floor is clean and well equipped. It includes: - A spacious room with view on the rue des Grands Augustins (with a fireplace) - A  bed - A bathroom (shower) - A desk with some armchairs - A dining room / living room - A mezzanine where two people can sleep - A small kitchen (fridge, oven, ...) - Wi-Fi, TV, washing machine. Charming and comfortable, this apartement is a perfect pied-à-terre for a family or friends coming to discover Paris. On the same floor, there is a studio avail
16162	situation rare	Appartement de standing ,situation  idéale au cœur  du quartier latin , face au jardin du Luxembourg. Balcon, entrée avec double salon/séjour et canapé-lit ,une suite parentale et une  chambre d'amis. Cuisine entièrement (website hidden). wifi. situation rare appartement entier avec tous les aménagements nécessaire pour un confort agréable quartier latin a proximité de la Sorbonne ,du Panthéon , du  Théatre  de l'Odéon ,de nombreux restaurants et cinémas RER   Luxembourg Métro  bus (phone number hidden) ...
16163	In a good standing building secured by a code and without a lift, the Paris flat is on the first floor looking onto the courtyard. iI is a very quiet place and will be the perfect little base for the duration of your stay in Paris. The Paris apartment rental has a main room equipped with a sofa bed that allows two further guests to stay there. The kitchen is open onto that room. It is fully equipped and very functional. The bedroom is equipped with two single beds that can be separate or not. Two storage spaces will allow you to put your clothes and luggage away for your stay. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and is accessible from the bedroom. In short, this apartment is ideally located and will perfectly suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover Paris from a comfortable base in an authentic and lively area.	This Paris apartment is ideally located and will perfectly suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover the city from a comfortable base in the authentic and lively area of Saint Germain de Prés. In a good standing building secured by a code and without a lift, the Paris flat is on the first floor looking onto the courtyard. iI is a very quiet place and will be the perfect little base for the duration of your stay in Paris. The Paris apartment rental has a main room equipped with a sofa bed that allows two further guests to stay there. The kitchen is open onto that room. It is fully equipped and very functional. The bedroom is equipped with two single beds that can be separate or not. Two storage spaces will allow you to put your clothes and luggage away for your stay. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and is accessible from the bedroom. In short, this apartment is ideally located and will perfectly suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover Paris from a comfo
16164	This two bedroom apartment has the superiority of being located in a residential apartment building with double door and coded security as well as the excellence of being located in one of the most central, trendy, safe and family-friendly areas of Paris. This large apartment is located in the famous Saint Germain des Près neighborhood. There you will find an ingeniously optimized space which can comfortably accommodate up to 4 guests.  With modern and luxurious decorations and furniture you will feel right at home!   Your 75 sqm apartment will be located on the 3rd floor of Haussmannian building with a lift. Designed by an architecht, with your comfort in mind, you will benefit from fantastic views and a relaxing atmosphere. You'll find a bright living room, a dining room table and a fully equipped kitchen. This prestigious apartment has 2 separate bedrooms each with queen-size beds. It is the perfect place for a family of 4 people looking for some extra space. A lovely apartment in h	6th Arrondissement St Germain des Pres Apartment 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathroom, 1 Kitchen, Living Area, Sleeps 4 This two bedroom apartment has the superiority of being located in a residential apartment building with double door and coded security as well as the excellence of being located in one of the most central, trendy, safe and family-friendly areas of Paris. This large apartment is located in the famous Saint Germain des Près neighborhood. There you will find an ingeniously optimized space which can comfortably accommodate up to 4 guests.  With modern and luxurious decorations and furniture you will feel right at home!   Your 75 sqm apartment will be located on the 3rd floor of Haussmannian building with a lift. Designed by an architecht, with your comfort in mind, you will benefit from fantastic views and a relaxing atmosphere. You'll find a bright living room, a dining room table and a fully equipped kitchen. This prestigious apartment has 2 separate bedrooms each with queen-size be
16165		A Bedroom of 17m² in a nice 3 room apartment in Paris 6th. Shared bathroom and kitchen. Additional Informations: * 3rd floor * Elevator * digital code * Cleaning fees: except if the cleaning is done by the tenant, cleaning fees are 15€ per day
16166		Superbe studio-loft à Saint-Germain-des-Près, à 300m de Notre-Dame-de-Paris dans hôtel classé, sur cours intérieure.  32m2 de style neo-baroque avec mezzanine.  Hauteur sous plafond, tomettes au sol, poutres, salle de bain strack, etc.
16167	The duplex apartment (614 sqft) is located rue Guénégaud, on the 4th French floor (without elevator). It can accomodate 4 people. Description :  - Full kitchen (cooking pot, oven, micro wave oven, kettle, coffee machine, dishwasher, refrigerator) - Living room (double sofa bed, table, chairs, coffee table, armchair) - Bedroom (double bed, nighstand, closet) - Bathroom (bath with shower, sink, hairdryer) Equipments :  Linens, washing machine, iron Television (international channels), internet WIFI access Electrical heating Nearby :  Saint Germain des Pres area, Ecole des Beaux Arts, Ile de la Cité, Luxembourg gardens, many typical restaurants Access :  Sation Pont Neuf Metro Line 7	The duplex apartment (614 sqft) is located rue Guénégaud, on the 4th French floor (without elevator). It can accomodate 4 people. Description :  - Full kitchen (cooking pot, oven, micro wave oven, kettle, coffee machine, dishwasher, refrigerator) - Living room (double sofa bed, table, chairs, coffee table, armchair) - Bedroom (double bed, nighstand, closet) - Bathroom (bath with shower, sink, hairdryer) Equipments :  Linens, washing machine, iron Television (international channels), internet WIFI access Electrical heating Nearby :  Saint Germain des Pres area, Ecole des Beaux Arts, Ile de la Cité, Luxembourg gardens, many typical restaurants Access :  Sation Pont Neuf Metro Line 7 If you arrive early or leave late you can store your luggage in an automatic locker located nearby : City Locker (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Le Marais, Hôtel de Ville, Châtelet, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Opéra, Madeleine, Saint Lazare) Si vous devez arriver plus tôt ou partir plus tard vous p
16168	Five minutes away from the Seine River,  the « Deux Magots cafe », the Louvre Museum, the Luxembourg Garden and many other great places of central Paris. The Metro stations are very close and it is therefore easy to go everywhere in Paris ! It will be our pleasure to indicate you the most beautiful spots to go (restaurants, visits, walks, art galleries, cinemas, fancy places to go out in the day or night…)  The building as an incredible entrance with statues and a charming courtyard from the XIX century that is seable from the windows of the apartment. With its wooden beams and its quiet atmosphere, this place is well adapted for a couple. It is at the fifth floor (with an elevator) so it is very bright all the day. The apartment consists of one living/dining room with a large bed , furnished and equipped, a hight quality sound system, an Internet Access & unlimited Speed WiFi, a library, a big cupboard, one equipped kitchen, one bathroom with a bathtub and shower  and a separated toil	Five minutes away from the Seine River,  the « Deux Magots cafe », the Louvre Museum, the Luxembourg Garden and many other great places of central Paris. The Metro stations are very close and it is therefore easy to go everywhere in Paris ! It will be our pleasure to indicate you the most beautiful spots to go (restaurants, visits, walks, art galleries, cinemas, fancy places to go out in the day or night…)  The building as an incredible entrance with statues and a charming courtyard from the XIX century that is seable from the windows of the apartment. With its wooden beams and its quiet atmosphere, this place is well adapted for a couple. It is at the fifth floor (with an elevator) so it is very bright all the day. The apartment consists of one living/dining room with a large bed , furnished and equipped, a hight quality sound system, an Internet Access & unlimited Speed WiFi, a library, a big cupboard, one equipped kitchen, one bathroom with a bathtub and shower  and a separated toil
16169	Studio sur cour au calme, au 2nd étage. Le studio bénéficie d'un excellent canapé tel un vrai lit d'une dimension de 140x190. La cuisine est full option avec lave vaisselle, plaque électrique, hotte, micro onde ... Le studio est également équipé d'une machine à laver séchante, d'une douche spacieuse où vous pourrez vous détendre suite à une journée passée à visiter Paris. L'accès au wifi illimité ainsi que l'accès aux chaines de télévision classiques et autres française ainsi qu'aux chaines internationales. Vous serez au coeur du célèbre Quartier Latin. De nombreux supermarchés, et magasins de proximité tels la boulangerie, maraichers, bars et restaurants sont à proximité du logement.	Studio in the center of Saint Germain in the 6th area of Paris. The apt is at the 2nd floor, quiet and looking a courtyard.
16170	Hiding behind massive wooden doors, ‘Les Tortues,’ (The Tortoises) our two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment, tucked at the back of an inner courtyard of a 17th century residence on the Rue Guisarde takes refuge from the weight of the past. Guisarde, Canettes, Princesse, Mabillon…. This micro-maze of narrow lanes hedged between l’Eglise de Saint Sulpice and the Boulevard Saint Germain were once the ‘terroir’ of the famous House of Guise.  A branch of the ducal family of Lorraine, whose duchy was established in the early 16th century, the House of Guise is synonymous in France with conflicting images of grandeur, violence, murder and religious zeal. A red-carpet of glittering personalities that include Mary of Guise, mother to Mary Queen of Scots, Francis of Guise who violently suppressed the Protestant Conspiracy of Amboise and Henri de Guise who oversaw the slaying of thousands of Hugenots by planning the St. Bartholomew’s Day Massacre, this red-carpet bears the sticky stains of rival b	Comfort and tranquility await you at our 2 Bedroom/2 Bath flat nestled behind a quite courtyard at this prestigious address in the heart of St Germain Hiding behind massive wooden doors, ‘Les Tortues,’ (The Tortoises) our two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment, tucked at the back of an inner courtyard of a 17th century residence on the Rue Guisarde takes refuge from the weight of the past. Guisarde, Canettes, Princesse, Mabillon…. This micro-maze of narrow lanes hedged between l’Eglise de Saint Sulpice and the Boulevard Saint Germain were once the ‘terroir’ of the famous House of Guise.  A branch of the ducal family of Lorraine, whose duchy was established in the early 16th century, the House of Guise is synonymous in France with conflicting images of grandeur, violence, murder and religious zeal. A red-carpet of glittering personalities that include Mary of Guise, mother to Mary Queen of Scots, Francis of Guise who violently suppressed the Protestant Conspiracy of Amboise and Henri de Gu
16171	loft en plein centre de Paris Très calme et agréable à vivre venez découvrir Paris en alliant confort Et Proximité  	havre de paix en plein coeur de saint germain des prés,  très bel appartement atypique type loft au deuxième étage très calme et très confortable idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris l'accueil est pour moi très important vous vous sentirez chez vous loft en plein centre de Paris Très calme et agréable à vivre venez découvrir Paris en alliant confort Et Proximité Au pied du Pont Neuf plus beau point de vue de Paris  A deux pas de la samaritaine Ambiance parisienne, la beauté des immeubles, la convivialité, les commerçants Metro bus et taxi Possibilité de 4 couchages Préférentiellement des familles Pour le mois d'août les réservations a la semaine seront privilégiées
16172	This apartment studio has all and is so beautifully prepared to receive lovers of St Germain. Just renewed with the taste of its owner painter in decor, it offers a nice and quiet stay in the heart of Paris, a few yards from the Odeon Theatre de l'Europe, and Luxembourg Garden just behind, or St Germain des Prés 5 mns walk.  1st floor in a nice yard.  	Nice little home/studio 2 mms from Odeon metro. First floor.  small kitchen, nice shower bathroom. wi fi, linens, double bed.  The area is just the best to visit Paris and stay in the chicest part of the capital.  This apartment studio has all and is so beautifully prepared to receive lovers of St Germain. Just renewed with the taste of its owner painter in decor, it offers a nice and quiet stay in the heart of Paris, a few yards from the Odeon Theatre de l'Europe, and Luxembourg Garden just behind, or St Germain des Prés 5 mns walk.  1st floor in a nice yard.  a little studio room with open kitchen and dining space.  coffee Nespresso, fridge, cooker, boiler. cable TV, Internet.  lovely bright bathroom with a shower (all new) Owner present to welcome.  Best area for Paris, just in the middle of St germain and Latin Quarter, with all restaurants around, Comptoir, Lipp, Procope, etc.. All shops, very lively, as well as beautiful, walking distance to most sites (Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Not
16173	Studio loft located in a small street in the heart of the Latin Quarter on the first floor of a historic building (with elevator), close to Notre Dame, Sainte Chapelle (5mns), Louvre (15 minutes). Many public transport nearby  (metro St. Michel, Odeon and Cluny 2 minutes), easy access from the airports of Orly and Roissy by RER B. Many shops. Tastefully decorated, fully equiped kitchen washer dryer, dishwasher, microwave / grill), WiFi and cable TV, a very comfortable sofa bed and, in the mezzanine, a large bed convertible into twin beds (sheets furnished). Possibility of adding a cot on request. Lovely shower room with hairdryer and towels furnished. We live in the building, we welcome you at arrival and are at your disposal to help you enjoy your stay .. 	Studio loft located in a small street in the heart of the Latin Quarter on the first floor of a historic building (with elevator), close to Notre Dame, Sainte Chapelle (5mns), Louvre (15 minutes). Many public transport nearby  (metro St. Michel, Odeon and Cluny 2 minutes), easy access from the airports of Orly and Roissy by RER B. Many shops. Tastefully decorated, fully equiped kitchen washer dryer, dishwasher, microwave / grill), WiFi and cable TV, a very comfortable sofa bed and, in the mezzanine, a large bed convertible into twin beds (sheets furnished). Possibility of adding a cot on request. Lovely shower room with hairdryer and towels furnished. We live in the building, we welcome you at arrival and are at your disposal to help you enjoy your stay .. 
16174	Un logement refait à neuf en plein centre de Paris  dans unquartier vivant , très attractif.very confortable. A smell place where there is all for life ! 	if you want to be in the center of paris with all you need to spend a good time.. you need to stay at your home.. a charmant pied à terre for 2 people but with separate beds, for friends, for students, nice place very calm, with stores ...
16175	"""Paris Life Style @ St. Germain "" in the neighborhood of St. Germain, Paris VI.  Original and recent renovations to this super compact and equipped studio. The apartment is located in a pedestrian street and on the 4th floor of a traditional Parisian building. The layout has been optimized for your comfort. Modern comfort was not forgotten: LCD TV and high speed wireless Internet access are available, along with a fully equipped kitchenette. A recently fitted shower will give you a rest and relaxation. Toilets with a small fountain rustic with private access to the apartment on the same floor. The studio ""Paris Life Style @ St. Germain "" has an ideal location.  You live in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres and the Luxembourg Gardens ... on foot! A walk will also lead you into the historic Paris and its famous Louvre museum. Metro lines 4 and 12 nearby will give you access to the Champs Elysées and give you direct access to Montparnasse railway stations, East and North! Bohemian by de"	"""Paris Life Style @ St. Germain "" in the neighborhood of St. Germain, Paris VI.  Original and recent renovations to this super compact and equipped studio. The apartment is located in a pedestrian street and on the 4th floor of a traditional Parisian building. The layout has been optimized for your comfort. Modern comfort was not forgotten: LCD TV and high speed wireless Internet access are available, along with a fully equipped kitchenette. A recently fitted shower will give you a rest and relaxation. Toilets with a small fountain rustic with private access to the apartment on the same floor. The studio ""Paris Life Style @ St. Germain "" has an ideal location.  You live in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres and the Luxembourg Gardens ... on foot! A walk will also lead you into the historic Paris and its famous Louvre museum. Metro lines 4 and 12 nearby will give you access to the Champs Elysées and give you direct access to Montparnasse railway stations, East and North! Bohemian by de"
16176	This is very charming, cosy and quiet place to live in Paris. The flat is very luminous all day long, you have this beautiful view of the roofs of Paris from the  window in the living-room. The location is just perfect, you are in the best area of the city, in the center of the Paris, near the best museums, the Luxembourg garden, Le Bon Marché, good restaurants and bars.	Charming flat in rue d'Assas composed by 1 bedroom and 1 living-room (35m2). The location is perfect, you are nearby the Luxembourg garden and the Church of Saint Sulpice. Amazing view on the roofs of Paris, very quiet and luminous.  This is very charming, cosy and quiet place to live in Paris. The flat is very luminous all day long, you have this beautiful view of the roofs of Paris from the  window in the living-room. The location is just perfect, you are in the best area of the city, in the center of the Paris, near the best museums, the Luxembourg garden, Le Bon Marché, good restaurants and bars. - TV - Internet Wi Fi - Kitchen furnitures (fridge, microwave woven, coffe machine, tea pottle) - Washing machine - Hair dryer I will remain available during you whole trip, I leave at 5 min from the flat and can meet you very fast should you have any emergency. The neighborhood is awesome, there is a great French restaurant in front of the building and typical French bakery just down the 
16177	 In a building made safe by a code and without a lift, this Paris apartment is located on the fourth floor, looking onto the courtyard. Entirely renovated and refurbished with great taste, it keeps the authenticity of the old building, with its original tiles and half-timberings, combining it with modern comfort. The apartment rental in Paris is equipped with a comfortable sofa bed, that allows two further guests to sleep there, armchairs and a round dining table in the lounge. The bedroom has a large and homey double bed and is very cosy. The kitchen, separate from the lounge but open onto an entrance hallway, is fully equipped. A desk is also in this room for those who have to work during their stay. The bathroom, accessible from the bedroom, is equipped with a walk in shower and toilet. Renting this apartment in Paris will perfectly suit families or a group of friends, who are there for a long or short stay. If it's your desire to discover Paris from its centre by renting a comforta	If it's your desire to discover Paris from its centre by renting an apartment, this is quiet, homey, nicely decorated and designed to ensure you a seamless stay. Retains authenticity with all the modern comfort. In a building made safe by a code and without a lift, this Paris apartment is located on the fourth floor, looking onto the courtyard. Entirely renovated and refurbished with great taste, it keeps the authenticity of the old building, with its original tiles and half-timberings, combining it with modern comfort. The apartment rental in Paris is equipped with a comfortable sofa bed, that allows two further guests to sleep there, armchairs and a round dining table in the lounge. The bedroom has a large and homey double bed and is very cosy. The kitchen, separate from the lounge but open onto an entrance hallway, is fully equipped. A desk is also in this room for those who have to work during their stay. The bathroom, accessible from the bedroom, is equipped with a walk in shower 
16178	This charming one bedroom apartment in duplex is very well located on the lively rue Saint-André-des-Arts, in the picturesque 6th arrondissement. This apartment is on the 3rd and last floor with an elevator (ground floor + 3) of a beautiful old building. It features a main floor with a convertible sofa, and a bedroom on the upper floor. The old wooden beams add charm among the beautiful furniture. This duplex is very comfortable and can accommodate 4 guests (the two areas are quiet independent). This completely renovated apartment of about 40 m2 (about 430 ft) is perfect for your stay in Paris. On the main floor, there is a charming living room with a dining area, an open-plan kitchen, and a separate toilet (with washbasin). Furniture includes a table for four with four chairs, and a very comfortable double sofa bed (140x200cm) for 2 guests that pulls out easily. The kitchen is fully equipped with induction cooktops, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, boiler, coffee maker, al	Beautiful one bedroom apartment in duplex located on the lively rue Saint-André-des-Arts, between Saint Germain des Prés and the Latin Quarter, 6th arrondissement. 3rd floor with an elevator. Elegant decoration, perfect for a romantic stay.  This charming one bedroom apartment in duplex is very well located on the lively rue Saint-André-des-Arts, in the picturesque 6th arrondissement. This apartment is on the 3rd and last floor with an elevator (ground floor + 3) of a beautiful old building. It features a main floor with a convertible sofa, and a bedroom on the upper floor. The old wooden beams add charm among the beautiful furniture. This duplex is very comfortable and can accommodate 4 guests (the two areas are quiet independent). This completely renovated apartment of about 40 m2 (about 430 ft) is perfect for your stay in Paris. On the main floor, there is a charming living room with a dining area, an open-plan kitchen, and a separate toilet (with washbasin). Furniture includes a ta
16179		Our apartment is located in the heart of Paris, right in front of the Luxembourg Gardens, in the 6th district. It is very close to metro and RER stations and ideal to welcome one or two families. Children are most welcome !
16180	L'appartement (35 m2) a un joli salon coloré qui donne sur un balcon sur cour très ensoleillé et calme. Une jolie chambre avec un grand lit double ultra-confortable, avec son petit balcon sur cour également. On y est sous les toits en plein cœur du Paris historique... Une petite salle de bain avec baignoire. Les WC sont séparés. La cuisine est toute équipée.	Très calme et baigné de soleil, typique, sur les toits de Paris (balcons sur cour intérieure). Chaleureux et douillet au cœur du Paris historique. A 5 min à pied du jardin du Luxembourg et 2 min du RER B (Port Royal). Nombreux commerces à proximité. L'appartement (35 m2) a un joli salon coloré qui donne sur un balcon sur cour très ensoleillé et calme. Une jolie chambre avec un grand lit double ultra-confortable, avec son petit balcon sur cour également. On y est sous les toits en plein cœur du Paris historique... Une petite salle de bain avec baignoire. Les WC sont séparés. La cuisine est toute équipée. Deux digicodes 6ème étage sans ascenseur (les toits de Paris se méritent !) Cuisine équipée : plaque vitrocéramique, micro-ondes, four/grill Lave-linge, étendoir Salle de bain avec petite baignoire Mise à disposition du linge de maison : serviettes et draps Wifi Je serai disponible au téléphone ou par mail pour toutes questions. En plein cœur de Paris, à deux pas du Jardin du Luxembourg
16181	The apartment is located in the center of the Quartier Latin, the heart of the old city of Paris, great for tourist attractions and for nightlife! The apartment is 80m2 and very bright, and in a modern building with an elevator.	Room for rent in modern and bright flat in central Paris (Quartier Latin, close to Notre Dame). Room for 2 people (Bed 140x190cm) with bathroom (shower). Toilets outside of the room.  The apartment is fully equiped! The apartment is located in the center of the Quartier Latin, the heart of the old city of Paris, great for tourist attractions and for nightlife! The apartment is 80m2 and very bright, and in a modern building with an elevator. Guests should make themselves at home, and I hope you have fun with the cat, he is very playful! I may not be home during your stay, but I will be welcoming you and will be available for all questions during your stay.  The Quartier Latin, famous for its artists, student nightlife, and Notre-Dame, is a great place to stay to visit Paris. It is in the center of the city and the other attractions are a short walk away (Louvre museum, Quai d'Orsay, Invalides, Luxembourg garden, Saint Germain des Prés...)  The apartment is easily accessible by public tr
16182	In the heart of the chic neighbourhood Saint-Germain-des-Prés. 10 minutes walking to the Louvre, Notre-Dame and the Pont des Arts. Easy access with an elevator and windows towards a quiet backyard. Metro and buses 2 mins walking distance. The apartment is fully equipped and always clean. With kitchen, large double bed, linens, towels, internet, bathroom (shower) and toilet.  You can during your stay get to the Saint Germains Market in front of the appartment make your shooping ; stroll in the Luxembourg Gardens, enjoy the Saint Germain des Prés to complete your purchases, discover the Latin Quarter and have lunch ; visit the Notre Dame de Paris cathedral ; escape to a cinema or a theater ; enjoy croissants and baguettes from the local bakery , have a drink on a sunny terrace and of scourse partying is around the corner... So much to do in our wonderful city! And everything is accessible by foot.	Lovely app. in a central and nice part of town. The place is clean, functional and quiet. 10 mins walking to Notre-Dame, Seine, the Louvre and with the Luxembourg garden around the corner. Perfect for a weekend to discover Paris. In the heart of the chic neighbourhood Saint-Germain-des-Prés. 10 minutes walking to the Louvre, Notre-Dame and the Pont des Arts. Easy access with an elevator and windows towards a quiet backyard. Metro and buses 2 mins walking distance. The apartment is fully equipped and always clean. With kitchen, large double bed, linens, towels, internet, bathroom (shower) and toilet.  You can during your stay get to the Saint Germains Market in front of the appartment make your shooping ; stroll in the Luxembourg Gardens, enjoy the Saint Germain des Prés to complete your purchases, discover the Latin Quarter and have lunch ; visit the Notre Dame de Paris cathedral ; escape to a cinema or a theater ; enjoy croissants and baguettes from the local bakery , have a drink on 
16183	Situé situé dans le coeur historiqure de PARIS à quelques minutes à pieds des stations de metro Odeon , Cluny la Sorbonne et Luxembourg (RER)    vou  decouvrirez La cathédrale Notre-Dame , les quais de Seine  , le quartier latin ses petits restaurants , le Panthéon, le musée du Louvre , le musée Cluny  , la rue Moufetard  son animation nocturne , le Jardin du Luxembourg son théatre pour enfants , la tour EIFFEL est à mois de 30 minutes en tranports en commun et bien sur d'autre lieux typiques  et surtout vous pourrez vous imprégner du PARIS authentique et vive une fabuleuse aventure ! pres de l'appartement nombreux  commerces , supermarchés , boulangreies , restaurants , bistrots  , théatres , banques  une vrai vie de quartier... L'appartement récemment renové par architecte est situé au 6é et dernier étage  ( 6é avec ascenseur)  sa décoration est contemporaine mais chaleureuse , son aménagement est tres complet il comprend nottament : un lit 2 personnes , un canapé-lit 2 personnes  un	Situé situé dans le coeur historiqure de PARIS à quelques minutes à pieds des stations de metro Odeon , Cluny la Sorbonne et Luxembourg (RER)    vou  decouvrirez La cathédrale Notre-Dame , les quais de Seine  , le quartier latin ses petits restaurants , le Panthéon, le musée du Louvre , le musée Cluny  , la rue Moufetard  son animation nocturne , le Jardin du Luxembourg son théatre pour enfants , la tour EIFFEL est à mois de 30 minutes en tranports en commun et bien sur d'autre lieux typiques  et surtout vous pourrez vous imprégner du PARIS authentique et vive une fabuleuse aventure ! pres de l'appartement nombreux  commerces , supermarchés , boulangreies , restaurants , bistrots  , théatres , banques  une vrai vie de quartier... L'appartement récemment renové par architecte est situé au 6é et dernier étage  ( 6é avec ascenseur)  sa décoration est contemporaine mais chaleureuse , son aménagement est tres complet il comprend nottament : un lit 2 personnes , un canapé-lit 2 personnes  un
16184	Appartement  de 42 m2 sur cour, avec une grande chambre, salon avec canapé convertible, cuisine séparée, salle de bain et wc, aménagé, 3ème étage sans ascenseur,  plein sud, très lumineux. Près des beaux monuments de paris. satations vélib, auto lib bus et métros à deux pas de l'appartement	2 pièces lumineux à louer au coeur du 6eme près des de St germain des prés, notre dame, montparnasse, les invalides accessibles à pieds. Grande Chambre , salon avec canapé convertible 2 places, cuisine séparée, wc, salle de bain, lave linge etc.. Appartement  de 42 m2 sur cour, avec une grande chambre, salon avec canapé convertible, cuisine séparée, salle de bain et wc, aménagé, 3ème étage sans ascenseur,  plein sud, très lumineux. Près des beaux monuments de paris. satations vélib, auto lib bus et métros à deux pas de l'appartement commerces, restaurants, pub dans la rue de l'appartement. Le bon marché à 2 minutes à pied, montparnasse à 10 minutes à pied, idem pour place st germain des prés, quartier latin à 20 min à pied ou 5 min en métro voire vélib au choix je suis joignable avant et pendant le séjour les restaurants, les galeries, la douceur, l'histoire du quartier Métros et bus ( L(phone number hidden) etc...)
16185	This apartment of 45㎡ is on the 7th floor with an elevator(up to 6th floor), fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips.   It can sleep 3 people comfortably with:1 double beds(140X190) and single bed(90X190). 	Big stuido, 1 bath and WC, sleeps up to 3.  Beautifully renovated and fully furnished apartment of 45 m2 in 6th arrondissement, the apartment is located just steps from the Saint Germain des pres church.  This apartment of 45㎡ is on the 7th floor with an elevator(up to 6th floor), fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips.   It can sleep 3 people comfortably with:1 double beds(140X190) and single bed(90X190).  You will have full usage of all the equipments in the apartment during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped as followed: ・Bathroom : Bathtub, Hair dryer, towels(2 sizes big&medium), hand towels, bathroom mat, towel dryer, weight scale and toilet papers. ・Bedroom/Living room : 1 double bed, 1 single bed with bedding, TV, DVD player, stereo, telephone(unlimited usage in france&some international calls), spare linens&towels, alarm clock, wardrobe with hangers, iron&ironing board, drying rack and safe, vacuum cleaner, sho
16186	Also you ll find: hair dryer, combo oven-microwave, iron, dishwasher, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, stereo, chromecast, books of Paris...Paris map / metro, 2 métro tickets, a printer /scanner, chair with desk for work	This delightful Studio, apartment is located on rue Serpente in the 6th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 17th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, wifi, printer, tv Also you ll find: hair dryer, combo oven-microwave, iron, dishwasher, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, stereo, chromecast, books of Paris...Paris map / metro, 2 métro tickets, a printer /scanner, chair with desk for work Text assistance everytime (whatsapp for exemple) or phone. taxi stations less than 100 meters
16187	Three rooms + bathroom + kitchen. Renovated appartement. Wood floor. A double bed in each room ==> 3 beds, 6 people. Typical fireplaces. Double glazing : very quiet place. Occupied year-around by the owners : clean and functional.	Big appartment in Paris Center Historical area of Montparnasse 3 rooms with a double bed in each (==> 6 people) Equiped bathroom. Equiped kitchen. Internet -WiFi Subway at 30 meters. Washing machine & dishwasher. 5 food-supermarkets within 3-min walk Three rooms + bathroom + kitchen. Renovated appartement. Wood floor. A double bed in each room ==> 3 beds, 6 people. Typical fireplaces. Double glazing : very quiet place. Occupied year-around by the owners : clean and functional. Full access to the appartment except closets. Full dishes available. Full kitchen : oven, baking trays, fridge, freezer, micro-wave oven. Washing machine ans dishwasher. Internet WiFi. Television (350 channels from all around the world, including cable and satellite channels). Bath linen. Empty flat during the stay. Fully available for check-in and check-out. Fully available to display any local information (tourism, supermarkets, restaurants, subway...). Historical area of Montparnasse (La Coupole, Le Dôme, La R
16188	Cosy and confortable T2 close to the Montparnasse train station, metro (line 10, 12 & 13) and shops. 5 min away from the Eiffel Tower and St Germain des Près. 1 quiet bedroom on the courtyard side, 1 fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge), 1 living room with a convertible bed, 1 bathroom equipped (washing machine). The area is very lively and you will find all you need to enjoy your stay.	Cosy and confortable T2 close to the Montparnasse train station, metro (line 10, 12 & 13) and shops. 5 min away from the Eiffel Tower and St Germain des Près. 1 quiet bedroom on the courtyard side, 1 fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge), 1 living room with a convertible bed, 1 bathroom equipped (washing machine). The area is very lively and you will find all you need to enjoy your stay.
16189	L'appartement fait 40m², au rez-de-chaussée il y a le salon avec cuisine US, espace repas pour 4 personnes.Très lumineux sur la cour intérieure de l'immeuble, et la salle de bains (douche).Le canapé est convertible en couchage 2 personnes(180x200cm) Le niveau -1 est composé de 2 parties, l'espace nuit avec un lit 2 personnes (couchage 160x200cm), l'espace dressing et bureau disposant d'une verrière.	Appartement charmant au coeur du 6ème arrondissement, au rez-de-chaussée donnant sur une cour calme.Souplex atypique à deux pas du boulevard St Germain, de la rue de Rennes et du Jardin du Luxembourg.Situé idéalement pour découvrir Paris. L'appartement fait 40m², au rez-de-chaussée il y a le salon avec cuisine US, espace repas pour 4 personnes.Très lumineux sur la cour intérieure de l'immeuble, et la salle de bains (douche).Le canapé est convertible en couchage 2 personnes(180x200cm) Le niveau -1 est composé de 2 parties, l'espace nuit avec un lit 2 personnes (couchage 160x200cm), l'espace dressing et bureau disposant d'une verrière. Wifi Cafetière Nespresso Bouilloire Cuisine équipée Linge de bain et de lit Sèche cheveux Je suis à votre disposition pour toute autre information complémentaire et serai très heureuse de vous accueillir, n'hésitez pas! Charlotte Il est très bien situé, à quelques minutes à pieds du Bon Marché, de la rue de Rennes pour la partie shopping, de la gare Montpa
16190	"Flat very well located  in one the most famous Parisian area ""the QUARTIER LATIN"". This apartment is very close to famous french coffees and restaurants, Luxury shops and 5sec from the tube station!"	"Beautiful, bright and quiet apartment located in the LATIN QUARTER (ST SULPICE Church). 70 m2, fully renovated and furnished in a safe Haussmann building with digicode, a continue balcony, elevator and gardian. Surrounded by cafes and luxury shops Flat very well located  in one the most famous Parisian area ""the QUARTIER LATIN"". This apartment is very close to famous french coffees and restaurants, Luxury shops and 5sec from the tube station! ST germain des prés, le Bon Marché, St Sulpice church, restaurants, cinemas, museums, luxury shops...."
16191	Dans l'une des plus belles rues de Paris au coeur du 6ème arrondissement, un lieu unique sur trois étage, raffiné, design, confortable et incroyablement lumineux. Trois chambres, idéal pour venir en famille ou entre amis.  Une cuisine ouverte sur le salon avec plaques à induction, four et four à micro-ondes. Deux salles de bain (une avec douche l'autre avec baignoire) pour une grande tranquillité.  Au dernier étage, une terrasse avec vue sur les toits de Paris, Notre-Dame, La Tour Montparnasse, l'Église Saint-Sulpice. Une table pour y déjeuner ou y diner (très agréable), et un parasol pour éviter les insolations. Télévision HD 3D avec un système stéréo. Consoles de jeux (PlayStation 4 et Xbox 360)	Entre l'église Saint-Sulpice et le jardin du Luxembourg, magnifique triplex lumineux, 3 chambres, 2 salles de bains, salon, cuisine, 4 mètres sous verrière. Un escalier vous mène à une terrasse d'où vous voyez tous les monuments de Paris. Magique ! Dans l'une des plus belles rues de Paris au coeur du 6ème arrondissement, un lieu unique sur trois étage, raffiné, design, confortable et incroyablement lumineux. Trois chambres, idéal pour venir en famille ou entre amis.  Une cuisine ouverte sur le salon avec plaques à induction, four et four à micro-ondes. Deux salles de bain (une avec douche l'autre avec baignoire) pour une grande tranquillité.  Au dernier étage, une terrasse avec vue sur les toits de Paris, Notre-Dame, La Tour Montparnasse, l'Église Saint-Sulpice. Une table pour y déjeuner ou y diner (très agréable), et un parasol pour éviter les insolations. Télévision HD 3D avec un système stéréo. Consoles de jeux (PlayStation 4 et Xbox 360) N'hésitez pas à me contacter durant votre sé
16192	This Bright Duplex in the heart of Saint Germain des Près is  equipped with a Hair conditionner and can host 4 peoples. With the curtains system the place can be full dark at night. The duplex is very quiet as all the Windows are directed in the interior course with a beautiful view of the top roof of Paris On the Hi level you will find a Parental suite with a dressing - a bathroom with an Italian Shower 100x 150cm)  and of course a Queen size bed  On the level down you will find the reception area with the full equipped kitchen( dish washer - oven- hobbs..Etc Nespresso coffee makers) and a nice sofa bed able to accomodated 2 peoples ( Queen size dimensions)  Tv Cable and Hi speed Wifi are provided for free Also including the bed linen and bath towels and Hair dryer/ Iron  As the appartement is located in a very historical building their is no lift but a magnificence stair from the 19 century- no worry we will give you the hand to carry your bag up and down during your check in and che	Bright workshop artiste Duplex of in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres  the neighborhood are the workshop of the painters Modigliani,Gauguin, located a 30 m of the entrance of theLuxembourg (website hidden) heaven for the real parisian Lovers This Bright Duplex in the heart of Saint Germain des Près is  equipped with a Hair conditionner and can host 4 peoples. With the curtains system the place can be full dark at night. The duplex is very quiet as all the Windows are directed in the interior course with a beautiful view of the top roof of Paris On the Hi level you will find a Parental suite with a dressing - a bathroom with an Italian Shower 100x 150cm)  and of course a Queen size bed  On the level down you will find the reception area with the full equipped kitchen( dish washer - oven- hobbs..Etc Nespresso coffee makers) and a nice sofa bed able to accomodated 2 peoples ( Queen size dimensions)  Tv Cable and Hi speed Wifi are provided for free Also including the bed linen and bath 
16193	Bathroom with bathtub, Fully-equipped kitchen (Dishwasher, Washing machine / tumble-dryer, combined Oven). Sofa bed140cmx190cm under the mezzanine, Big bed of 160x200 in mezzanine and as well a small bed for child of 90cmx190cm. Big dressing room. Air conditioning and Heating. Towels, Sheets and supplied Linen.	Loft in Middle of Paris near St-Germain des prés, situated in the oldest part of Paris. In the apartment, you will feel like at home, its fully equipped and decorated by (website hidden): The roof is in Glass, you will see the stars when you sleep.. Bathroom with bathtub, Fully-equipped kitchen (Dishwasher, Washing machine / tumble-dryer, combined Oven). Sofa bed140cmx190cm under the mezzanine, Big bed of 160x200 in mezzanine and as well a small bed for child of 90cmx190cm. Big dressing room. Air conditioning and Heating. Towels, Sheets and supplied Linen. Internet, Wifi  Flexibilities of the schedules of arrival and departure. If you have a problem, a need for an information either if something during your stays is missing, you can join me by telephone permanently and I can inform you and guide you. We love everything... Quiet and sunny in the morning (email hidden) streets on the evening with numerous café with terraces in rue de Buci and Boulevard St Germain. Shops and numerous  Gla
16194	Located in the heart of Paris’ lively 5th arrondissement known as The Latin Quarter, this immaculate studio apartment is situated within easy walking distance of Notre Dame and The Pantheon.  With a small balcony overlooking secluded gardens with many trees, this peaceful apartment makes for an ideal base from which to explore the sights of Paris. Direct access to Charles de Gaulle airport and Orly airport is via the RER B train station at Luxembourg, just a 450m from the apartment. Designer shops and high street fashion brands are on the doorstep as well as an array of restaurants to cater for all tastes.  Theatres, bars, live music venues and clubs can all be found in the Latin Quarter. Near to the apartment, for your convenience, you can find bakery, butchers, market, cafes, supermarkets, pharmacy and hairdressers. Other Paris sights within easy access of the apartment include: Champs Elysees, Opera, The Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Sacré Coeur, Ile de la Cité, the Luxembourg Gardens (Jard	Located in the heart of Paris’ lively 5th arrondissement known as The Latin Quarter, this immaculate studio apartment is situated within easy walking distance of Notre Dame and The Pantheon.  With a small balcony overlooking secluded gardens with many trees, this peaceful apartment makes for an ideal base from which to explore the sights of Paris. Direct access to Charles de Gaulle airport and Orly airport is via the RER B train station at Luxembourg, just a 450m from the apartment. Designer shops and high street fashion brands are on the doorstep as well as an array of restaurants to cater for all tastes.  Theatres, bars, live music venues and clubs can all be found in the Latin Quarter. Near to the apartment, for your convenience, you can find bakery, butchers, market, cafes, supermarkets, pharmacy and hairdressers. Other Paris sights within easy access of the apartment include: Champs Elysees, Opera, The Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Sacré Coeur, Ile de la Cité, the Luxembourg Gardens (Jard
16195	This apartment is  localited at GUENEGAUD street in the hearth of SAINT GERMAIN-ODEON district in the 6th area,   face of river SEINE bank and face on CITE  ISLAND are located within walking distance. The apartment consiste of a large living room with 2 baies windows with a view on the river and cité Island for 6/7 guests on the second floor with elevator, in a complete renovated building of 1930 Very quiet with subway station at 200 meters (ODEON or Saint Michel).the kitchen is full equipped (stove, micro-wave, fridge, wash-dishes, cupboards, coffee machine and kettle. The apartment consists of 2 separated bedrooms, In the first bedroom, you’ll find a double beds with a bathroom and water closets in suite. The other bedrooms are with a large bed and a bathroom with shower in suite . There is also a toilet in the corridor. Equipment: washing-machine, vacuum cleaner, iron and ironing board, ADSL, Wifi, telephone, Flat TV Screen. Linen and towels are furnished. Addional cleaning service 	this apartment is in a building built in 1930 face at the river and PONT NEUF Bridge at the corner with QUAI CONTI - Rue GUENEGAUD. Rue GUENEGAUD street in the hearth of SAINT GERMAIN-ODEON district in the 6th district. This apartment is  localited at GUENEGAUD street in the hearth of SAINT GERMAIN-ODEON district in the 6th area,   face of river SEINE bank and face on CITE  ISLAND are located within walking distance. The apartment consiste of a large living room with 2 baies windows with a view on the river and cité Island for 6/7 guests on the second floor with elevator, in a complete renovated building of 1930 Very quiet with subway station at 200 meters (ODEON or Saint Michel).the kitchen is full equipped (stove, micro-wave, fridge, wash-dishes, cupboards, coffee machine and kettle. The apartment consists of 2 separated bedrooms, In the first bedroom, you’ll find a double beds with a bathroom and water closets in suite. The other bedrooms are with a large bed and a bathroom with sho
16196	• Charm and Luxury in the Heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés Located just behind the famous Place Saint Sulpice, moments from the Jardin du Luxembourg and a few minutes from the very heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, this apartment (with elevator) is magnificently situated. Opening on to a quiet street, you will enjoy the privacy and calm of the apartment whilst being in the heart of central Paris. This completely newly renovated apartment has two king-sized bedrooms, modern kitchen, elegant living room and one large, well positioned full bathroom, as well as a second separate WC, making it a very suitable space for a family or two couples traveling together in Paris. At the heart of this apartment is the beautifully proportioned living room, with lovely wooden parquet flooring, elegant original fireplace and two big floor to ceiling windows which flood the room with light. This large and luminous room has a dining table and chairs for up to 8 guests, as well as ample space to relax on the	This beautiful newly renovated chic 2 bedroom - 1 bathroom (2 WCs) apartment (86 square meters- 925 square feet), is situated in the very heart of the famous Saint-Germain-des-Prés neighborhood. Moments from the calm and lovely Jardin du Luxembourg. • Charm and Luxury in the Heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés Located just behind the famous Place Saint Sulpice, moments from the Jardin du Luxembourg and a few minutes from the very heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, this apartment (with elevator) is magnificently situated. Opening on to a quiet street, you will enjoy the privacy and calm of the apartment whilst being in the heart of central Paris. This completely newly renovated apartment has two king-sized bedrooms, modern kitchen, elegant living room and one large, well positioned full bathroom, as well as a second separate WC, making it a very suitable space for a family or two couples traveling together in Paris. At the heart of this apartment is the beautifully proportioned living room, w
16197	STANDING The Paris apartment rental is on the 5th and last floor of a superb 19th century building with a lift. It is very calm and clear. The view over the rooftops of Paris is breathtaking! LAYOUT This 45 sqm apartment rental in Paris is clear and calm. From the entrance door you reach the main room, which is very well furnished with a sofa bed of very good quality, taking 2 people, and equivalent to a bed. A dining corner has been installed with table and chairs near the windows. The kitchen is functional and opens on the living room. The bathroom has an italian shower and toilets are in a separate room. The bedroom, isolated by sliding doors, is lit by a skylight. Rent a Paris apartment that is beautifully decorated, with perfect finishing touches and remarkably located!	Rent a Paris apartment that is beautifully decorated, with perfect finishing touches and remarkably located in one of the most popular, active and sparkling neighbourhoods of central Paris.           STANDING The Paris apartment rental is on the 5th and last floor of a superb 19th century building with a lift. It is very calm and clear. The view over the rooftops of Paris is breathtaking! LAYOUT This 45 sqm apartment rental in Paris is clear and calm. From the entrance door you reach the main room, which is very well furnished with a sofa bed of very good quality, taking 2 people, and equivalent to a bed. A dining corner has been installed with table and chairs near the windows. The kitchen is functional and opens on the living room. The bathroom has an italian shower and toilets are in a separate room. The bedroom, isolated by sliding doors, is lit by a skylight. Rent a Paris apartment that is beautifully decorated, with perfect finishing touches and remarkably located! This beautiful
16198	L'appartement est un T4 composé de : - 3 chambres avec lit double - un salon avec canapé-lit - une cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche linge, etc...) - une salle de bain avec baignoire - entrée - toilettes	Nous louons deux chambres privées communicantes dans notre appartement idéalement situé rue de Rennes dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris, juste à coté de Montparnasse. 1er étage avec ascenseur. Il est dans un très bel immeuble Haussmannien avec cour intérieure. L'appartement est un T4 composé de : - 3 chambres avec lit double - un salon avec canapé-lit - une cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche linge, etc...) - une salle de bain avec baignoire - entrée - toilettes Le quartier est top ! Beaucoup de magasins et très accessible, idéal pour un séjour à Paris car on peut aller facilement dans toute la capitale avec les transports en commun (au pied de l'immeuble) : Métro (ligne 13,4,6,12).  Bus (jour et nuit) desservent toute la capitale Gare Montparnasse (TGV, Ter) à 5 minutes à pied.
16199	Un deux pièces au coeur de Paris mais profitant d'une incroyable quiétude. Une terrasse ensoleillée et avec un chevrier en fleur parfumé, un séjour bien aménagé avec toute la Hifi, une chambre au lit king size, une cuisine entièrement équipée, et même plus (four, micro-onde, appareil à panini et plancha, cuiseur à vapeur, plaques à induction, mais sans lave-vaisselle). Et enfin, une salle de bain avec une grande baignoire, pour se détendre convenablement après une longue journée de visite, et une machine à laver. 	Appartement très bien desservi près du Jardin du Luxembourg. Au rez-de-chaussée d'une cour arborée aux roses odorantes, charmant deux pièces avec un vrai lit de taille king size, une terrasse ensoleillée et une cuisine entièrement équipée. Un deux pièces au coeur de Paris mais profitant d'une incroyable quiétude. Une terrasse ensoleillée et avec un chevrier en fleur parfumé, un séjour bien aménagé avec toute la Hifi, une chambre au lit king size, une cuisine entièrement équipée, et même plus (four, micro-onde, appareil à panini et plancha, cuiseur à vapeur, plaques à induction, mais sans lave-vaisselle). Et enfin, une salle de bain avec une grande baignoire, pour se détendre convenablement après une longue journée de visite, et une machine à laver. Je mettrai à votre disposition un petit guide du quartier, dans lequel je vous ferai partager toutes les petites adresses que j'ai eu l'occasion de découvrir : les bonnes tables, les bars sympas, les boites de nuit les plus proches, les ciné
