34800	The flat is calm, clean, full of light and comfortable! A big living room with open kitchen and two windows, contains your canapé-bed. My sleeping room (to go through to access bath). Bathroom with bath and toilets. 	    Between Notre-Dame and le Marais areas, Ile-Saint-Louis is the most charming. In a clam flat, full of light, clean, with quite space, this will be really relaxing holidays; rare in Paris! The living room becomes your space at night.       The flat is calm, clean, full of light and comfortable! A big living room with open kitchen and two windows, contains your canapé-bed. My sleeping room (to go through to access bath). Bathroom with bath and toilets. You enjoy the living room as a sleeping room nightly; it becomes private. After the night, daily, you transform the canapé-bed back in canapé. The living room then becomes a common place. You can use the kitchen. You can use the bathroom. I work from home, so mostly there and available to answer questions about the flat and Paris. We can have dinner in the same time, have a drink, and why not come with me party! Surrounded by the river, the island is calme and as village with its little shops: 3 bakers, 3 cheese shops, 2 butchers, a po
34801	Our studio has recently been renovated with modern amenities and is 16m2 (172 ft2). It comes with a fully equipped kitchen (oven/mircowave, washer/dryer, induction stove, refrigerator, coffee maker, kettle, nespresso machine....) a comfortable fold out couch, flat screen tv. The bathroom has been completely redone and has a toilet, sink and shower.  We provide wireless internet, towels, linens for the bed, a hairdryer, heater in the bathroom and main area, blu-ray player, kitchenware. Note the following: There is no smoking allowed It is located on the 4th floor with no elevator We have double paned windows but because it has a very busy nightlife, it can be noisy. Located in a popular shopping with many restaurants and jazz clubs. Just 10mn walk to the Louvre and the Jardin des Tuileries, the Hotel de Ville, the Marais and the Pompidou Modern Art Museum.  15mn walk to Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter... 5mn from largest public transport hub in Paris. Direct from both airports.	Our bright and lovely studio is ideally located in the heart of Paris, in the 1st arrondissement.  It is the perfect location to easily visit the city, with many sights within walking distance, and enjoy the typical Parisian lifestyle! Our studio has recently been renovated with modern amenities and is 16m2 (172 ft2). It comes with a fully equipped kitchen (oven/mircowave, washer/dryer, induction stove, refrigerator, coffee maker, kettle, nespresso machine....) a comfortable fold out couch, flat screen tv. The bathroom has been completely redone and has a toilet, sink and shower.  We provide wireless internet, towels, linens for the bed, a hairdryer, heater in the bathroom and main area, blu-ray player, kitchenware. Note the following: There is no smoking allowed It is located on the 4th floor with no elevator We have double paned windows but because it has a very busy nightlife, it can be noisy. Located in a popular shopping with many restaurants and jazz clubs. Just 10mn walk to the 
34802	L'appartement est situé dans le quartier à la mode qu'est le Marais, coeur historique de Paris. Il se trouve également à 200 mètres de la Bastille et de ses bars et restaurants réputés de la rue de Lappe Et à 3 minutes de la fameuse Place des Vosges !!!	Vous serez dans le centre historique de Paris et le quartier mode du Marais Métro à 100 mètres.  Rue de Lappe et ses restaurants à 2'. A 200 mètres du port de l'Arsenal et ses bateaux.  A 200 M de Place des Vosges. https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/840278 L'appartement est situé dans le quartier à la mode qu'est le Marais, coeur historique de Paris. Il se trouve également à 200 mètres de la Bastille et de ses bars et restaurants réputés de la rue de Lappe Et à 3 minutes de la fameuse Place des Vosges !!! L'appartement ne sera...Qu'à vous puisse que nous n'y sommes pas. Par contre, nous aurons le plaisir de vous accueillir personnellement et de vous accompagner le jour de votre départ. A l'arrivée, au départ avec le plaisir de partager un café avec vous ! Quartier génial, vivant, commerçants, historique dans le coeur du Vieux paris. Magasins fashions, rues et ruelles à découvrir, galerie d'art, vous serez à 200 mètres de la place des Vosges ! Métro Bastille, taxis, bus et Vélib à 200 Mètres. 
34803	Lovely very small  independant studio studio for rent for hollidays. In the heart of Paris famous MARAIS near POmpidou/Beaubourg Museum.Metro Hotel de ville Separate room with shower and wc, Equipped kitchenette, sofa for 2 Beautiful historical building quiet and clean 300 euros/week  50 euros/nigt (phone number hidden) (email hidden)	Lovely very small  independant studio studio for rent for hollidays. In the heart of Paris famous MARAIS near POmpidou/Beaubourg Museum.Metro Hotel de ville Separate room with shower and wc, Equipped kitchenette, sofa for 2 Beautiful historical building quiet and clean 300 euros/week  50 euros/nigt (phone number hidden) (email hidden)
34804	"Space living includes a sofa bed for 2 people, a bookcase, a coffee table , a large wardrobe , a nice TV with international channels , unlimited internet and wifi, You have also a piano at your disposal . The dining area consists of a beautiful round table with 4 chairs, A bar separates the dining area from the kitchen, equipped according to all current standards : very modern storage units , dishwasher, full size refrigerator , electric oven and microwave , vitroceramic electric plates, washing machine and dryer The bathroom includes a sink , bathtub with shower and toilets All the charm of this apartment is in the beauty of the building, the street Beautreillis and the beautiful surroundings You are right in the heart of the historic district, with the “Place des Vosges”, one of the most beautiful places of the world, and the charming  place Sainte Catherine, you are in the heart of the cultural Paris with museums Picasso, Carnavalet and "" the Hotel de Ville ""  . Fashion shops,  fres"	A few steps from the Ile St Louis, discover this great studio, quiet and bright, accommodating 4 people, located in a fabulous typical building in a fantastic location, between the Seine, the Bastille and Rue de Rivoli Space living includes a sofa bed for 2 people, a bookcase, a coffee table , a large wardrobe , a nice TV with international channels , unlimited internet and wifi, You have also a piano at your disposal . The dining area consists of a beautiful round table with 4 chairs, A bar separates the dining area from the kitchen, equipped according to all current standards : very modern storage units , dishwasher, full size refrigerator , electric oven and microwave , vitroceramic electric plates, washing machine and dryer The bathroom includes a sink , bathtub with shower and toilets All the charm of this apartment is in the beauty of the building, the street Beautreillis and the beautiful surroundings You are right in the heart of the historic district, with the “Place des Vosge
34805	Five windows overlooking a park with no vis-a-vis and great indirect light.	"           On a quiet street in the very sought after MARAIS, minutes from the Seine river, ART FLAT brings you an exquisite apartment refurbished in 2015. WIFI, A/C, FREE PHONE AND MUCH MORE.          Five windows overlooking a park with no vis-a-vis and great indirect light. To everything. Check-in and check out. I chose this flat and area because it is in the best area to stay in Paris, convenient to all parts of the city and minutes from the Seine river. Contrary to other 'in' neighborhoods for travelers, the Marais offers a real Parisian feel to it, lost in some of the other places. The nearest metro station is ""Hotel de Ville"". Please print your confirmation sheet with access détails. Please give me your arrival time in Paris as soon as possible so I can plan for your arrival. (I HAVE A JOB). I also need to know your check out time in case other clients are showing up the same day so I can have the flat cleaned.  EARLY CHECK IN / LATE CHECK OUT / LUGGAGE HOLD FROM 100€ to HALF DA"
34806	"17th century building. Idéalement placé, en face de l'hôtel de ville. Sur une cour intérieure, très calme. Idéal pour les familles ou les couples. (2 chambres). A 3 minutes de Notre-Dame, 5 minutes de la place des Vosges.Parfait pour les ballades. + : °Very Quiet      °The heart of Paris - : °A little bit dark      Le Marais (""The Marsh"", French pronunciation: [maʁɛ]) is a historic district in Paris, France. Long the aristocratic district of Paris, it hosts many outstanding buildings of historic and architectural importance. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine). Métro: Hotel De Ville Bus: (phone number hidden) BatoBus: Quai de l'Hôtel de Ville"	"17th century building. Idéalement placé, en face de l'hôtel de ville. Sur une cour intérieure, très calme. Idéal pour les familles ou les couples. (2 chambres). A 3 minutes de Notre-Dame, 5 minutes de la place des Vosges.Parfait pour les ballades. 17th century building. Idéalement placé, en face de l'hôtel de ville. Sur une cour intérieure, très calme. Idéal pour les familles ou les couples. (2 chambres). A 3 minutes de Notre-Dame, 5 minutes de la place des Vosges.Parfait pour les ballades. + : °Very Quiet      °The heart of Paris - : °A little bit dark      Le Marais (""The Marsh"", French pronunciation: [maʁɛ]) is a historic district in Paris, France. Long the aristocratic district of Paris, it hosts many outstanding buildings of historic and architectural importance. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine). Métro: Hotel De Ville Bus: (phone number hidden) BatoBus: Quai de l'Hôtel de Ville Le Marais (""The Mar"
34807	Apartment for rent in Paris’ hip & trendy Marais neighborhood, just steps from the Seine! The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a historic building (no elevator), and measures about 60 square feet. It has extra large windows, which allow for tons of natural sunlight.   The apartment has 1 bedroom with a double bed, large living room with a futon (sleeps 2 people). There is an elevated mezzanine above the living room area, which can also sleeps 2 people. The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, oven, microwave etc.   Located in the center of Paris, surrounded by several restaurants, shops, and supermarkets, the apartment is 5 minutes walking distance from major attractions such as  L’ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame and Hotel de Ville. The closest subway stations are “Saint Paul” off the 1 line and “Pont Marie” off the 7 line.   There’s Velib station right downstairs if you’d like to explore the city of lights on a bike!  Please notice you'll have to pay a 50€ cash for the cleaning fe	Apartment for rent in Paris’ hip & trendy Marais neighborhood, just steps from the Seine! The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a historic building (no elevator), and measures about 60 square feet.  Apartment for rent in Paris’ hip & trendy Marais neighborhood, just steps from the Seine! The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a historic building (no elevator), and measures about 60 square feet. It has extra large windows, which allow for tons of natural sunlight.   The apartment has 1 bedroom with a double bed, large living room with a futon (sleeps 2 people). There is an elevated mezzanine above the living room area, which can also sleeps 2 people. The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, oven, microwave etc.   Located in the center of Paris, surrounded by several restaurants, shops, and supermarkets, the apartment is 5 minutes walking distance from major attractions such as  L’ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame and Hotel de Ville. The closest subway stations are “Saint Paul” off the 1 
34808	The quintessential Parisian apartment! We bought this apartment in October 2013 and, since then, it has undergone a complete and entire renovation and redecoration. The chestnut-coloured wooden beams dating from the 17th century have been stripped back, cleaned and exposed to accentuate the traditional charm of the neighbourhood. Natural light from the two floor-to-ceiling windows floods into the salon area and is enhanced and reflected by an enormous mirror above the sofa. The use of grey, white, black and bronze against the wood lend the apartment a calm Nordic air, and the buttoned bed head and designer Pierre Frey curtains add a luxurious finish.  Original stone tiles were chosen for the backsplash in the kitchen, set against white wooden cupboards. In the bathroom, pearly reflective wall tiles are used to make the room seem large and bright, and I chose a Parisian style bathroom sink with chrome legs to add a vintage look to the small space. There is a large chrome heated towel ra	Located in the most sought-after district in Paris, just next to the famous and romantic Place des Vosges, this stunning one bedroom apartment will be your perfect haven in Paris. Flooded with light from the two floor-to-ceiling windows. A bientôt! The quintessential Parisian apartment! We bought this apartment in October 2013 and, since then, it has undergone a complete and entire renovation and redecoration. The chestnut-coloured wooden beams dating from the 17th century have been stripped back, cleaned and exposed to accentuate the traditional charm of the neighbourhood. Natural light from the two floor-to-ceiling windows floods into the salon area and is enhanced and reflected by an enormous mirror above the sofa. The use of grey, white, black and bronze against the wood lend the apartment a calm Nordic air, and the buttoned bed head and designer Pierre Frey curtains add a luxurious finish.  Original stone tiles were chosen for the backsplash in the kitchen, set against white woode
34809	En plein coeur de Paris à proximité des plus grands sites touristiques ce 2 pièces lumineux saura vous séduire! Cet appartement exceptionnellement situé à St Paul au coeur du Marais est très charmant et confortable, l'appartement est prévu pour accueillir de la manière la plus agréable qu'il soit jusqu'à 4 personnes.	En plein coeur de Paris à proximité des plus grands sites touristiques cet appartement lumineux saura vous séduire! En plein coeur de Paris à proximité des plus grands sites touristiques ce 2 pièces lumineux saura vous séduire! Cet appartement exceptionnellement situé à St Paul au coeur du Marais est très charmant et confortable, l'appartement est prévu pour accueillir de la manière la plus agréable qu'il soit jusqu'à 4 personnes. - Arrivée AEROPORT CHARLES DE GAULLE ( durée 45 minutes )  1 - Départ, à pied, aller jusqu’à Aeroport Charles de Gaulle 2 TGV – RER  2 - RER Ligne B depuis Aeroport Charles de Gaulle 2 TGV direction Massy-Palaiseau jusqu’à Chatelet-Les Halles (34 min)  3 - Arrivée à pied à l'appartement (10min) - Arrivée AEROPORT ORLY ( durée 45min )  1- Départ, à pied, aller jusqu’à Pont de Rungis Aeroport d'Orly – RER  2- RER Ligne C depuis Pont de Rungis Aéroport d'Orly direction Montigny-Beauchamp jusqu’à Bibliothèque-François Mitterrand (22 min)  3- correspondance Métro 
34810	It's 28 M2 LARGE on the 4th floor with 1 large room (1 bedroom), very sunlight on a quiet court yard.  separate kitchen, bathroom and toilette. The kitchen is furnihed with all new household appliance : dish washer and washing machine. Very quiet with subway station at 100 meters (Pont Marie or Island of CITE ) Fully furnihed with 1 sofa bed, and 1 additional single bed. The bathroom is with a bath and a shower + WC 	It's 28 M2 LARGE on the 4th floor with 1 large room (1 bedroom), very sunlight on a quiet court yard.  separate kitchen, bathroom and toilette. The kitchen is furnihed with all new household appliance : dish washer and washing machine. Very quiet with subway station at 100 meters (Pont Marie or Island of CITE ) Fully furnihed with 1 sofa bed, and 1 additional single bed. The bathroom is with a bath and a shower + WC Metro PONT MARIE Saint Louis Island is a very old part of the city. The major tourist sights are Cathedral Notre Dame, Le Marais, Pantheon, Saint Louis Island, Cite Island, City Hall, Beaubourg, Seine River, Bastille. Very safe and touristic area.
34811	The apartment consists of: - Equipped kitchen with conventional oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, hob, fridge, cooker, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and all the necessary to cook and eat. Dining table and chairs. - Living room: a sofa is furnished with a bed (phone number hidden) adults, a coffee table, two chairs and is equipped with a HD TV with DVD player, a stereo system, IPOD speaker , access internet / wifi. bedroom with a 140 cm x 200cm bed and a dresser.  - Bathroom: with bath and washbasin, hairdryer,  separate WC All linen is provided (sheets and towels).	45 sqm apartment with one bedroom on the second floor with elevator, windows overlooking the street, with a nice light. The apartment consists of: - Equipped kitchen with conventional oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, hob, fridge, cooker, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and all the necessary to cook and eat. Dining table and chairs. - Living room: a sofa is furnished with a bed (phone number hidden) adults, a coffee table, two chairs and is equipped with a HD TV with DVD player, a stereo system, IPOD speaker , access internet / wifi. bedroom with a 140 cm x 200cm bed and a dresser.  - Bathroom: with bath and washbasin, hairdryer,  separate WC All linen is provided (sheets and towels). Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be at few minutes walking distance from Bastille, Place des Vosges, Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), the Cathedrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre. Nearest metro station
34812	You will stay in historical building and a typical parisian apartment that we decorated with stylish vintage furniture and provided with clean, modern comfort.  Ideal for a couple, this unique apartment has a mezzanine bedroom, but can sleep up to four people thanks to a wide convertible sofa.  It is accessible to 2nd floor with stairs. 	A 25m2 cosy studio located in Rue des Rosiers, one of the most famous street in Le Marais. With a 3m40 ceiling height, sandstone wall and exposed beams; it is newly renovated and stylishly furnished for you to have a comfortable stay in Paris. You will stay in historical building and a typical parisian apartment that we decorated with stylish vintage furniture and provided with clean, modern comfort.  Ideal for a couple, this unique apartment has a mezzanine bedroom, but can sleep up to four people thanks to a wide convertible sofa.  It is accessible to 2nd floor with stairs.  We provide fresh towels, bed linens.  It has free wifi and HD TV with international cable channels.  The kitchen has all modern equipment with fridge, dishwasher, cooktop, microwave/grill and coffee machine.  Bathroom with bathtub and a separate room for toilets. Body gel and shampoo will be at your disposal. There is a hairdryer and an iron table.  You will find a laundry service only 20m to the studio.  To put 
34813	Deux pièces fonctionnels, très calme et lumineux en plein cœur de Paris.   L'appartement dispose d'une chambre, d'un salon (accès télévision et internet), d'une cuisine équipée (plaques de cuisson, cafetière) et d'une salle de bain (baignoire). Trois fenêtres offrent une vue sur les toits de Paris et sur un jardin arboré. La capacité d'accueil du logement est de deux adultes (lit double) et d'un jeune enfant de moins de 12 ans (couchage gonflable de 1m20 x 1m90 disponible pour un ou deux petits enfants) 	Charmant appartement rue des rosiers, au cœur du quartier historique du Marais, à cinq minutes de la place des Vosges et de l’Hôtel de Ville. Logement très calme, vue sur les toits de Paris et jardin arboré.  Design moderne, mobiliers de qualité. Deux pièces fonctionnels, très calme et lumineux en plein cœur de Paris.   L'appartement dispose d'une chambre, d'un salon (accès télévision et internet), d'une cuisine équipée (plaques de cuisson, cafetière) et d'une salle de bain (baignoire). Trois fenêtres offrent une vue sur les toits de Paris et sur un jardin arboré. La capacité d'accueil du logement est de deux adultes (lit double) et d'un jeune enfant de moins de 12 ans (couchage gonflable de 1m20 x 1m90 disponible pour un ou deux petits enfants) Linges de lit et serviettes fournies. L'appartement est situé au 6ème et dernier étage (ascenseur jusqu'au 5ème étage). Je suis disposée à fournir tous les renseignements nécessaires au bon déroulement du séjour des voyageurs.  Le quartier du m
34814		6éme étage, vue sur la seine et sur notre dame. Romantique et typiquement parisien.  Un monde onirique sous les toits de Paris. Confortable et raffiné. Du lit on voit l'eau de la seine, du salon notre dame, les quais et l'Hotel de ville. Magique...
34815	"Studio ancien et authentique avec ces poutres apparentes, tommettes au sol, cheminée de pierre. Un petit endroit ""cocooning"" calme et lumineux. Donne dans une impasse réputée et historique de Paris. A deux pas de la Place des Vosges et de Bastille et des métros. Studio atypique de charme. Centre de Paris. C'est aussi mon atelier d'Artiste. Petit mais très ""cosy"" un vrai petit nid. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour des questions. Place des Vosges à côté ( 200m) Place de la Bastille (2mn à pied) Saint Paul (5mn)  Un quartier vivant la semaine comme le weekend.  Toutes les boutiques Marques Française et petit boutique (website hidden) très bon restaurants dont un en dessous de chez moi. Très réputé.  Metro, Bus, Taxi, à pied, vélo, scooter."	"Old and authentic studio with these beams, tiled floors, stone fireplace. A small place ""cocooning"" calm and bright. Give an impasse famous and historic Paris. A few steps from the Place des Vosges and Bastille and subways. "
34816	This 20 m² apartment, quiet and bright, can host 2 persons. It is located in one of the liveliest areas of Paris, but you still can found some quiet and relaxing moments in this apartment. Main room with double bed, flat-screen TV and several storage; Kitchen: fully-equipped (oven, microwave, stove, refrigerator etc.) Shower room and WC; Wifi.	This 20 m² apartment, quiet and bright, can host 2 persons. It is located in one of the liveliest areas of Paris, but you still can found some quiet and relaxing moments in this apartment. Main room with double bed, flat-screen TV and several storage This 20 m² apartment, quiet and bright, can host 2 persons. It is located in one of the liveliest areas of Paris, but you still can found some quiet and relaxing moments in this apartment. Main room with double bed, flat-screen TV and several storage; Kitchen: fully-equipped (oven, microwave, stove, refrigerator etc.) Shower room and WC; Wifi. You'll have access to the full studio! For any questions, or even if just for an information, you can contact us on the phone numbers that you have access after booking the apartment.  We'll always be here for you! Impossible to be better located ! You will be in the very center of Paris : rue du roi de Sicile (famous BHV Big Stores etc.),  next to “Saint-Paul” Metro Station. Le Marais is a Parisian 
34817	Very Spacious Uncluttered Very Light, Location, location, location!! Safety and comfort Ease of Access Large Elevator 100% walkability	"Center of ParisVery specious 1 BR (55m2) 1 1/2 bath apt. is a true 1 bedroom-not a converted studio with a ""loft""-it is for people who value comfort-not cluttered, has a very good floor plan and wood-beams-1 floor up in 18thC building-large elevator- Very Spacious Uncluttered Very Light, Location, location, location!! Safety and comfort Ease of Access Large Elevator 100% walkability Public transportation: Buses within a block,  several metro stations 5 minutes walk 4 bakeries within 2 blocks All convenience stores and one block away on our street Provide all detailed information regarding the use of appliances, tv, internet...etc, as well as a list of very selective restaurants  Available  for concierge service Available driver is wanted  Located in the very center of Paris Part of 2 small islands in the middle of the Seine river where Notre Dame Cathedral, Sainte Chapelle, 16th and 17th century Mansions are located Walking distance to all major Museums, Department stores...etc Buses w"
34818	Odile welcomes you in a charming, bright, self-catering flat, located in Le Marais, in the heart of Paris, minutes away from Notre-Dame and Centre Georges Pompidou. Le Marais is a very trendy, dynamic, historical area of Paris.  This ideally located flat is perfect for those looking to stroll around Paris. Nearby places of interest include Picasso Museum, Le Louvres, Ile St-Louis and the romantic river Seine bank. You can dine at typical French bistros of Le Marais and enjoy a great shopping experience in the many luxury and vintage boutiques. Night life is very exciting in Le Marais with many bars and clubs available for all tastes. The flat, situated on the 2nd floor at the back of the house, can accommodate three people. It includes a large bedroom area with a queen size double bed, a fully-fitted open-plan kitchen and bathroom, all fully refurbished. Amenities include TV,wireless Internet, clock-radio, hairdryer,toweldryer, bed linen and bath towels, kitchenware, electric kettle, t	Odile welcomes you in a charming, bright, self-catering flat, located in Le Marais, in the heart of Paris, minutes away from Notre-Dame and Centre Georges Pompidou. Le Marais is a very trendy, dynamic, historical area of Paris.  This ideally located flat is perfect for those looking to stroll around Paris. Nearby places of interest include Picasso Museum, Le Louvres, Ile St-Louis and the romantic river Seine bank. You can dine at typical French bistros of Le Marais and enjoy a great shopping experience in the many luxury and vintage boutiques. Night life is very exciting in Le Marais with many bars and clubs available for all tastes. The flat, situated on the 2nd floor at the back of the house, can accommodate three people. It includes a large bedroom area with a queen size double bed, a fully-fitted open-plan kitchen and bathroom, all fully refurbished. Amenities include TV,wireless Internet, clock-radio, hairdryer,toweldryer, bed linen and bath towels, kitchenware, electric kettle, t
34819	This is a typical Marais building, with a beautiful red carpet entrance, and it's really quiet. There is a minimum of 4 nights of renting to reserve.	This apartment in the heart of the Marais, center of Paris, is closed to shops, museums and the Seine River, in a really exciting area, but quiet at night. There's a big kitchen and a balcony, and a japonese style bedroom ideal for couple with kids. This is a typical Marais building, with a beautiful red carpet entrance, and it's really quiet. There is a minimum of 4 nights of renting to reserve. The whole flat The Marais is a really central and lively area, closed of Bastille place, Notre Dame de Paris and Le Louvre museum. The apartment is really close from Gare de Lyon railway station (2 stations), 45 minutes of Orly airport and 50 minutes of Roissy airport. There is a minimum of 4 nights for renting the flat. Pour réserver, il faut réserver au moins 4 nuitées.
34820	Cute, modern apartment located right in the midst of the lively, gay district of Le Marais, in the heart of Paris (rue Vieille du Temple, right between Hotel de Ville and Saint Paul). Nice building, 5th floor, no elevator. Just climb the stairs and enter a spacious studio apartment, ideal for 2 guests.  With 40 sq. meters, this Parisian appartment has a lovely, modern living room, and 5 floor-length windows that ensure you get the best of the summer light, from sun rise to sun down. Adjacent to the living room is a fully equipped kitchen. The double bedroom has wooden paneling in the spirit of a ship's cabin. The living room also offers another sleeping area : the sofa's sides can be pushed down, so it converts into a one-person bed. Modern parquet floor. A balcony runs around the whole apartment - perfect for eating breakfast or drinking your 6pm apéritif. Beautiful bathroom with shower. Le Marais used to be the neighborhood of Parisian craftsmen and the nobility. From here, you can s	Cute, modern apartment located right in the midst of the lively, gay district of Le Marais, in the heart of Paris (rue Vieille du Temple, right between Hotel de Ville and Saint Paul). Nice building, 5th floor, no elevator. Just climb the stairs and enter a spacious studio apartment, ideal for 2 guests.  With 40 sq. meters, this Parisian appartment has a lovely, modern living room, and 5 floor-length windows that ensure you get the best of the summer light, from sun rise to sun down. Adjacent to the living room is a fully equipped kitchen. The double bedroom has wooden paneling in the spirit of a ship's cabin. The living room also offers another sleeping area : the sofa's sides can be pushed down, so it converts into a one-person bed. Modern parquet floor. A balcony runs around the whole apartment - perfect for eating breakfast or drinking your 6pm apéritif. Beautiful bathroom with shower. Le Marais used to be the neighborhood of Parisian craftsmen and the nobility. From here, you can s
34821		Bel appartement, 2 pièces, cuisine et salle de bain indépendants. Balcon donnant sur les toits de Paris.  Une chambre avec lit 2 places, et un canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon.  Internet et TV (salon et chambre)
34822	Great 62m2 on a 3rd floor with elevator, it is decorated in a mix of classic and modern style. Both South East and North West exposure make it a very bright and cozy place to be. Your ideal place to spend a magic time in the City of Lights (and Love) and which I am happy to let occasionally.	"This charming flat is located in an early 1900 Haussmann style building, in a very calm neighborhood within one of the most fashionable areas of the city. Great 62m2 on a 3rd floor with elevator, it is decorated in a mix of classic and modern style. Both South East and North West exposure make it a very bright and cozy place to be. Your ideal place to spend a magic time in the City of Lights (and Love) and which I am happy to let occasionally. - Master bedroom with comfortable 160 x 200 cm queen size bed, integrating a small bathroom with shower, sink and hairdryer - Living room with comfortable 160 x 200 extensible queen size sofabed - Spacious dining room - Kitchen equipped with fridge&freezer, microwave, ceramic cooktop and oven, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine, and clothes iron with table - Separate toilet (so Paris!)  - 42"" wide screen TV with standard international  cable channels. - WiFi high speed Internet access. - Phone with free calls to many destinations "
34823	Benefiting from a south-western view, the apartment is always full of light. The floor sports several oriental rugs of warm colours giving it a cosy touch.   The comfortable double bed is tucked away in the corner waiting to welcome you to a relaxing night’s rest. High ceilings criss-crossed with ancient wooden beams and two fireplaces make it a romantic venue in one of the most romantic cities in the world.   Separate modern kitchen with bar fully equipped , fridge, freezer, electrical cooker and oven, microwave, coffee maker, Nespresso machine,  toaster, electrical kettle, all in one washing machine and dryer unit, ironing board and iron, and all necessary cutlery, glassware and crockery   Separate bathroom with shower, bathtub, washbasin, mirror , toiletries and WC. Hairdryer available 	Large fully equiped studio apartment in a typical 18th century building, 4th floor, ideal location in the Marais quarter, right on the banks of the Seine across from the Ile Saint Louis with a wonderful view of the river Seine and Notre Dame cathedral. Benefiting from a south-western view, the apartment is always full of light. The floor sports several oriental rugs of warm colours giving it a cosy touch.   The comfortable double bed is tucked away in the corner waiting to welcome you to a relaxing night’s rest. High ceilings criss-crossed with ancient wooden beams and two fireplaces make it a romantic venue in one of the most romantic cities in the world.   Separate modern kitchen with bar fully equipped , fridge, freezer, electrical cooker and oven, microwave, coffee maker, Nespresso machine,  toaster, electrical kettle, all in one washing machine and dryer unit, ironing board and iron, and all necessary cutlery, glassware and crockery   Separate bathroom with shower, bathtub, washba
34824	"The Marais is a favorite Paris ""quartier."" Much of the area dates from the 16th and 17th centuries, featuring narrow streets, fine architecture, boutiques, antique shops, restaurants, and cafes. Strict building laws protect its authenticity. This is where Parisians chose to wander on weekends! The centerpiece is, of course, the Place des Vosges, the purest example of 17th century architecture with its arcaded facades set around a central park with trees and benches - great for a picnic lunch! It is within easy walking distance to the Picasso and Carnavalet museums, the Bastille Opera, Ile St. Louis, Notre Dame, Ile de la Cite and much more! Take a 5 minute walk on the Rue St. Antoine and you will find the best specialist food shops (baker, deli, cheese, fish, wine and more) in the very best French tradition, as well as an excellent supermarket. Some 340 sq. ft. in size, this attractive Air Conditioned and well-organized one bedroom apartment is perfect for two but can sleep up to four."	"On Rue des Tournelles, just a step to the east of the Place des Vosges, is an impressive 1910 stone-fronted building with two brick courtyards. This apartment is on the sixth American floor of the second (inner) courtyard - protected from street. The Marais is a favorite Paris ""quartier."" Much of the area dates from the 16th and 17th centuries, featuring narrow streets, fine architecture, boutiques, antique shops, restaurants, and cafes. Strict building laws protect its authenticity. This is where Parisians chose to wander on weekends! The centerpiece is, of course, the Place des Vosges, the purest example of 17th century architecture with its arcaded facades set around a central park with trees and benches - great for a picnic lunch! It is within easy walking distance to the Picasso and Carnavalet museums, the Bastille Opera, Ile St. Louis, Notre Dame, Ile de la Cite and much more! Take a 5 minute walk on the Rue St. Antoine and you will find the best specialist food shops (baker, del"
34825	"40 M2, 1 bedroom, 1 livingroom, very quiet appartment. View on the building courtyard.  3rd floor with one elevator. Old wooden floor in the flat and old tiles in the kitchen.  Bathroom with shower and toilets and washing machine. There is a heating for towels which is quite nice. There are windows in every rooms and a special old stained glass in the living room. Working fireplace, nice dinner area, vintage parisian atmosphere. You can have a meal with four persons on the living room table.  The building is from 1910 and from ""Haussmann style""."	"My one bedroom appartment (40m2) is located in the Marais district (4th arrondissement), just a street behind Place des Vosges and Bastille (metro line 1,5,8). The area is very famous for its shops, markets, bars, restaurants and art galleries. 40 M2, 1 bedroom, 1 livingroom, very quiet appartment. View on the building courtyard.  3rd floor with one elevator. Old wooden floor in the flat and old tiles in the kitchen.  Bathroom with shower and toilets and washing machine. There is a heating for towels which is quite nice. There are windows in every rooms and a special old stained glass in the living room. Working fireplace, nice dinner area, vintage parisian atmosphere. You can have a meal with four persons on the living room table.  The building is from 1910 and from ""Haussmann style"". Wifi, cable TV, washing machine, oven, free phone, fireplace... You can use all the kitchen utensils and dishes you need and also the beverages and food that are in the fridge/cupboard.  I will probably "
34826	Le logement se situe dans un bel immeuble ancien, typiquement parisien. Sa capacité d'accueil est de 6 personnes.	En plein cœur du quartier historique du Marais, à deux pas de la place des Vosges , de l'Hôtel de Ville (200m), non loin de la Seine, cet appartement entièrement refait à neuf est idéal pour profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Le logement se situe dans un bel immeuble ancien, typiquement parisien. Sa capacité d'accueil est de 6 personnes. Le logement est loué entier, il comporte toutes les commodités avec une cuisine équipée et aménagée, une salle d'eau et un WC séparé. Nous serons là pour toutes demandes et accueil des voyageurs lors de leur arrivée. En plein cœur du quartier historique du Marais, à deux pas de la place des Vosges , de l'Hôtel de Ville, non loin de la Seine, cet appartement est idéal pour profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Vous pourrez profiter à la fois du calme et du confort de l’appartement pour vous reposer après une journée de visite de la capitale, de shopping ou de travail et de toute l’animation qu’offre le quartier : commerces, supermarchés
34827	The Studio apartment is completely furnished and equipped with everything a modern traveler needs and would usually find in a good hotel: linen, towels, soap, hairdryer, TV, fast wireless internet ect.. It has a comfortable size of 30m2 (323ft2) and has a queen size bed that sleeps two and a pull-out couch for two additional guests.  Linen and towels are provided. And it has 2! balconies overlooking the Ile-St-Louis! It is a 5th floor walk up that gives you the nice views :) The kitchen is equipped with an american sized fridge and a convenient washer/dryer combination. You will also find a work desk and good closet space to hang your suits and dresses. We, Sara (American) and i (German) manage this property together and we will do the utmost to make sure you have the most comfortable and perfect stay here. Our check-in and check-out times are flexible, and we are generally  devoted to good service and happy guests, where ever we can help you, we will! If any question stayed un-answere	What a beautiful cozy studio apartment with view over the roofs of Paris on the exclusive island in the Seine called IleSaintLouis, a few steps from the NotreDame cathedral. The Studio apartment is completely furnished and equipped with everything a modern traveler needs and would usually find in a good hotel: linen, towels, soap, hairdryer, TV, fast wireless internet ect.. It has a comfortable size of 30m2 (323ft2) and has a queen size bed that sleeps two and a pull-out couch for two additional guests.  Linen and towels are provided. And it has 2! balconies overlooking the Ile-St-Louis! It is a 5th floor walk up that gives you the nice views :) The kitchen is equipped with an american sized fridge and a convenient washer/dryer combination. You will also find a work desk and good closet space to hang your suits and dresses. We, Sara (American) and i (German) manage this property together and we will do the utmost to make sure you have the most comfortable and perfect stay here. Our che
34828	Situated on the exclusive Ile Saint Louis island in the very heart of Paris. Walk right in off the street down the hall away from the noise, through two security doors and right into your ground floor nest on the island, no stairs. 1 bedroom and living room with sofa bed. Ideal for couples but can comfortably accommodate 3 or 4 guests - the fold out is a double bed. Very warm and cozy in winter.	Lovely little nest situated right in the heart of Ile Saint Louis island. 1 bedroom and living room with sofa bed. Ideal for couples but can comfortably sleep up to 4 guests. Cot for baby to toddler. Fully equipped. Discount for week stay, 1 free night. Concierge service Situated on the exclusive Ile Saint Louis island in the very heart of Paris. Walk right in off the street down the hall away from the noise, through two security doors and right into your ground floor nest on the island, no stairs. 1 bedroom and living room with sofa bed. Ideal for couples but can comfortably accommodate 3 or 4 guests - the fold out is a double bed. Very warm and cozy in winter. Super speed WiFi and cable TV with international channels, home phone with FREE international calls all over the world to landlines including US, Canadian and French cell phones. Washer-dryer combo, dish washer, oven. Quality hair dryer, iron, ironing board, steamer, iphone charger, iphone dock/speakers, plug adapters, fans for
34829	The 14 square meters living room has 2 double glassed windows facing street and it is furnished with: folding dining table for 2 people, double sofa bed, stereo, TV, built-in wall closet, tiled floor.	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming and comfortable 20 square meters Studio apartment is located rue d Ormesson in the 4th arrondissement, on the 5th French floor of 18th century walk up building. The 14 square meters living room has 2 double glassed windows facing street and it is furnished with: folding dining table for 2 people, double sofa bed, stereo, TV, built-in wall closet, tiled floor. walk-up Minimum stays of 1 week
34830	"Beautiful, big, spacious, historical apartment, in the heart of Paris with all the acomodations and all the charm of a parisian apartment. Centrally located in Paris, the Ile Saint-Louis, one of the most requested areas of Paris, is a short walking distance from many major sites such as Le Louvre, Notre Dame and Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The Seine river is ever present as one walks the small streets or crosses over the many bridges.  Neighborhood description:  Each time you cross the Pont de la Tournelle, ""on the way to the continent,"" as the locals like to say, you'll have a breathtaking view of Notre Dame that will leave you dazzled. The Latin Quarter on the Left Bank, and the Marais on the Right Bank, are just short strolls away. This is truly the heart of Paris Apartment it's compose:  Large double salon. with 2 beautiful antique  fire place. Large antique table 8 persons. Big Flat T.V. Cable.  WI-FI There are 2 sleeping rooms The one for 2 adults ( king size bed) The other for 2 adu"	"An exclusive 1633 hotel particulier 20 meters from the senna river Metro Lovre, Bastille, Notre Dame, Saint Germaine ... Everything is easy to join on foot... Beautiful, big, spacious, historical apartment, in the heart of Paris with all the acomodations and all the charm of a parisian apartment. Centrally located in Paris, the Ile Saint-Louis, one of the most requested areas of Paris, is a short walking distance from many major sites such as Le Louvre, Notre Dame and Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The Seine river is ever present as one walks the small streets or crosses over the many bridges.  Neighborhood description:  Each time you cross the Pont de la Tournelle, ""on the way to the continent,"" as the locals like to say, you'll have a breathtaking view of Notre Dame that will leave you dazzled. The Latin Quarter on the Left Bank, and the Marais on the Right Bank, are just short strolls away. This is truly the heart of Paris Apartment it's compose:  Large double salon. with 2 beautiful antiq"
34831	Au centre de Paris, en plein cœur du quartier historique du Marais, dans un ancien immeuble du XVIIème siècle, cet appartement refait à neuf bénéficie d’un emplacement idéal à 10 minutes à pied de l’Hôtel de Ville, de la place des Vosges, de Notre-Dame de Paris, de Bastille, hauts lieux historiques et centraux de la capitale mais également à proximité de nombreux sites culturels, tels que les musée Carnavalet et Picasso, le Centre Pompidou (Beaubourg) ainsi que le prestigieux Musée du Louvre. L'appartement, d'une superficie de 40 m², est également situé dans un quartier chic et branché aux nombreux hôtels particuliers, galeries d'art, bars et restaurants en tous genres.  Avec son style typique des anciens appartements du Marais (parquet, poutre et cheminée), et sa décoration chaleureuse, il offre tout le confort nécessaire aux voyageurs désireux de se plonger, le temps d'un séjour, dans le Paris historique... et moderne ! Au deuxième étage sur cour (sans ascenseur), il est dotée d'une 	Situé en plein cœur de Paris, à proximité des plus grands sites touristiques, du centre névralgique de transports et de tous types de commerce, cet appartement de 40m², donnant sur cour, vient tout juste d'être rénové et vous offrira un vrai confort. Au centre de Paris, en plein cœur du quartier historique du Marais, dans un ancien immeuble du XVIIème siècle, cet appartement refait à neuf bénéficie d’un emplacement idéal à 10 minutes à pied de l’Hôtel de Ville, de la place des Vosges, de Notre-Dame de Paris, de Bastille, hauts lieux historiques et centraux de la capitale mais également à proximité de nombreux sites culturels, tels que les musée Carnavalet et Picasso, le Centre Pompidou (Beaubourg) ainsi que le prestigieux Musée du Louvre. L'appartement, d'une superficie de 40 m², est également situé dans un quartier chic et branché aux nombreux hôtels particuliers, galeries d'art, bars et restaurants en tous genres.  Avec son style typique des anciens appartements du Marais (parquet, p
34832	Charming one-bedroom apartment, 5th floor (no elevator, alas). The apartment is very bright, with original wooden floors. The apartment looks onto a calm courtyard, where the aroma of the baguettes being baked at the bakery on the ground floor linger deliciously in the air. The apartment is ideal for a couple (comfortable 140x190 bed in the bedroom) but can welcome 4 travelers (a brand new pull-out couch in the living room, 135x190).	Relax during your stay in Paris in my cozy one-bedroom, 30m2 apartment in the heart of the Marais, between the Hotel de Ville, rue des Rosiers, and the Pompidou Center.  Charming one-bedroom apartment, 5th floor (no elevator, alas). The apartment is very bright, with original wooden floors. The apartment looks onto a calm courtyard, where the aroma of the baguettes being baked at the bakery on the ground floor linger deliciously in the air. The apartment is ideal for a couple (comfortable 140x190 bed in the bedroom) but can welcome 4 travelers (a brand new pull-out couch in the living room, 135x190). You will have access to wifi in the apartment so you can send out as many emails as you like of pictures of your amazing stay in Paris to all your friends and family, driving them mad with jealousy! There is also a tv with cables channels (and possibility to watch shows in English) for when you just wanna hang out... but, if I may, you are in the heart of Paris here. Get out there and enjo
34833	The appartment is located at the second floor in rue du temple in Paris near Hotel de Ville and Rambuteau subway. This is an unique occasion to discover the center of Paris and one of the most popular area. The flat will be shared with my 2 roomates (Nicolas and Florent). They are young, quiet and english fluent. My room will be private. In the room you'll find a double bed, and some chest to put you clothes. From the room you'll find a cour intérieur, so it's very quiet. The living-room is very big (about 30m2) without vis à vis and in full of sun. In the kitchen you'll find whatever you need. (washing machine, washing dishes, micro oven, fridge...etc)	The appartment is located at the second floor in rue du temple in Paris near Hotel de Ville and Rambuteau subway. This is an unique occasion to discover the center of Paris and one of the most popular area. The flat will be shared with my 2 roomates (Nicolas and Florent). They are young, quiet and english fluent. My room will be private. In the room you'll find a double bed, and some chest to put you clothes. From the room you'll find a cour intérieur, so it's very quiet. The living-room is very big (about 30m2) without vis à vis and in full of sun. In the kitchen you'll find whatever you need. (washing machine, washing dishes, micro oven, fridge...etc)
34834	Gorgeous, comfortable apartment and in the center of Paris. It’s a modern 2-room apartment sitting on a 35 square meter area located on rue Sévigné in the 4th arrondissement.  At the 2nd floor (without elevator) of a typical building from the Marais. The apartment is beautiful, quiet and very bright, with large windows. It proposes a living room, an american fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom.  Lounge on a gentle sofa and relish a relaxing night in using the flat-screen TV and unlimited high speed internet access, wifi.  The modern kitchen is equipped with the utensils needed to prepare delicious meals to be savoured upon an upholstered dining table. The bedroom has a relaxing décor. It’s large enough to accommodate a double bed and it features a large window. This property includes high speed wifi internet, flat panel TVs with 150 channels and large sofa.  There is a full kitchen, washer/dryer. It's ideal location in the more fashion area (shops, stores, restaurants, mus	Le logement Gorgeous, comfortable apartment and in the center of Paris. It’s a modern 2-room apartment sitting on a 35 square meter area located on rue Sévigné in the 4th arrondissement. 
34835	"Traditional building of the Marais with the wonderful charm of the beams and the staircases. The apartment rental in Paris is located on the fifth and last floor, without any ""vis à vis"", with a sight onto the roofs of Paris. As is the case with most of the buildings in the Marais, there is no elevator. Paris vacation apartment of 45 m2 made up of a large living room (25/30m2) with South/East exposure that ensures plenty of light. The pieces of furniture are very high quality. A sofa bed (two people) will make it possible to accomodate two additional guests. A round table with an extension makes it possible to have dinners for 8 people. The bedroom is small but very calm, looking onto a courtyard. The bathroom has a bath-tub and a washing machine. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped. A well located apartment to rent in Paris that you should not miss."	"You will love the district that this Paris rental is in, as it is very multicultural, with the Parisians of the Marais appreciating foreigners and visitors and many able to speak English. A perfect setting from which to explore Paris. Traditional building of the Marais with the wonderful charm of the beams and the staircases. The apartment rental in Paris is located on the fifth and last floor, without any ""vis à vis"", with a sight onto the roofs of Paris. As is the case with most of the buildings in the Marais, there is no elevator. Paris vacation apartment of 45 m2 made up of a large living room (25/30m2) with South/East exposure that ensures plenty of light. The pieces of furniture are very high quality. A sofa bed (two people) will make it possible to accomodate two additional guests. A round table with an extension makes it possible to have dinners for 8 people. The bedroom is small but very calm, looking onto a courtyard. The bathroom has a bath-tub and a washing machine. The kit"
34836	The Paris apartment is on the top floor (4th) of a beautiful 17th century building located on the Quai de Seine. This apartment has a private elevator, however you must climb two flights of stairs to access it. Even if on the top floor, this apartment is well-ventilated. One of the larger Paris vacation rentals, it has 160 sqm, on three levels, and is located on the top floor with a superb view of the river. The lift brings you to the entrance of the apartment from where you have access to the internal stairs. On the main level of the Paris apartment, there is the living room, the dining room and the kitchen. The lounge is quite large, about 50 sqm, with a splendid view down on the river. From here, 3 stairs down, is the dining room with a large marble table allowing up to 10/12 guests to have a great dinner. The modern kitchen gives onto the dining room. The beds are organized as follows: a first bedroom (small) located on the mid-floor (up) has two single beds (80*200) that can be pu	One of the larger Paris vacation rentals, this is a beautiful apartment in Paris, that has been fully renovated and enjoys an exceptional location and high quality amenities. Sleeps eight people. The Paris apartment is on the top floor (4th) of a beautiful 17th century building located on the Quai de Seine. This apartment has a private elevator, however you must climb two flights of stairs to access it. Even if on the top floor, this apartment is well-ventilated. One of the larger Paris vacation rentals, it has 160 sqm, on three levels, and is located on the top floor with a superb view of the river. The lift brings you to the entrance of the apartment from where you have access to the internal stairs. On the main level of the Paris apartment, there is the living room, the dining room and the kitchen. The lounge is quite large, about 50 sqm, with a splendid view down on the river. From here, 3 stairs down, is the dining room with a large marble table allowing up to 10/12 guests to have
34837	This 40 square meters Studio / one bedroom apartment is located on quai de Bourbon in the 4th arrondissement of Paris. It lies on the 2nd French floor. It proposes a living/dining room with an opened equipped kitchen, an alcove bedroom, a bathroom and seperated toilets. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 people for leisure or business travel. The nearest metro station is Pont Marie We make a price for rentals of more than 3 months, do not hesitate to contact us. This apartment is equipped with: washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. We also provide: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The building is equipped with: security code, intercom. 	This charming and delightful 40 square meters, Alcove Studio, apartment is located on quai de Bourbon in the 4th arrondissement (Ile Saint Louis), on the 2nd French floor and sleeps 4 people. This 40 square meters Studio / one bedroom apartment is located on quai de Bourbon in the 4th arrondissement of Paris. It lies on the 2nd French floor. It proposes a living/dining room with an opened equipped kitchen, an alcove bedroom, a bathroom and seperated toilets. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 people for leisure or business travel. The nearest metro station is Pont Marie We make a price for rentals of more than 3 months, do not hesitate to contact us. This apartment is equipped with: washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. We also provide: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The building is equipped with: security code, intercom. In the heart of the Marais, a lively area full of trendy bars, fashion shops and restaurants, where 
34838	Sunny, though not brand new, appartment, clean and charming in old 16th century building.	"Single bedroom in a 4th floor appartment, in a 16th century building typical of the famous historical area called ""Le Marais"". Most monuments around, many transports and shops nearby. Sunny, though not brand new, appartment, clean and charming in old 16th century building. Access to shower and toilet room, kitchen and living room. Historical center of Paris center, most monuments around. Notre-Dame, Le Louvre, Place des Vosges, Beaubourg, Conciergerie... All transports nearby, to go anywhere in Paris and suburbs, even during the night !"
34839	"Welcome to the very centre of Paris, in the wonderful area of le marais. You'll live in an ""Hôtel Particulier"" of the famous Place des Vosges, view on a charming and quite cour. We can prepare you an additionnal air mattress in the living room if you ask (chek the conditions for supplement please). You will be on Place des (email hidden) walk of the Archives,10 mn walk of enfants rouges market, rue des rosiers, du square du temple, de l'Hotel de Ville, Place de la Bastille, Beaubourg.... 10 minutes walk of Notre dame, île Saint Louis ... 5 minutes in direct Metro of  Le Louvre Museum, 10 minutes direct of Place de la Concorde, Invalides, et des Champs Elysées and 20 mn of Eiffel Tower and Montmartre. Just watch : https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/le-marais Metro : ligne 1, 5 et 8. Bus : 69,76,92. Bikes for (email hidden) walk of the flat. Taxi / Uber / Chauffeur privé"	"Cosy flat in heart of le marais. Very quite and comfortable on the 3rd floor of a typical area's mansion. Nice living room with fully-equipped kitchen, bathroom, and bedroom (chamber) in mezzanine. Air mattress for 2 can be added in the living room. Welcome to the very centre of Paris, in the wonderful area of le marais. You'll live in an ""Hôtel Particulier"" of the famous Place des Vosges, view on a charming and quite cour. We can prepare you an additionnal air mattress in the living room if you ask (chek the conditions for supplement please). You will be on Place des (email hidden) walk of the Archives,10 mn walk of enfants rouges market, rue des rosiers, du square du temple, de l'Hotel de Ville, Place de la Bastille, Beaubourg.... 10 minutes walk of Notre dame, île Saint Louis ... 5 minutes in direct Metro of  Le Louvre Museum, 10 minutes direct of Place de la Concorde, Invalides, et des Champs Elysées and 20 mn of Eiffel Tower and Montmartre. Just watch : https://www.airbnb.fr/locat"
34840	Paris is best seen by foot - from this apartment you can walk everywhere....the Left Bank: Latin Quarter/Sorbonne, St Germain-dés-Près; or the Right Bank: the Marais District, the Louvre. This spacious apartment is perfect for 2 couples or 4 ladies who want a large, spacious and comfortable place to kick off their shoes after a long day of monuments and museums.  The owner has specifically chosen every antique piece and every work of art adorning this beautiful space. The crisp white entrance leads to the double salon with a dining table on one side & a sitting area on the other side. Just across the hall is the den which has a sofa bed, television, telephone & free wifi. If you want to create a gourmet meal, the kitchen is stocked with utensils and appliances ready to prepare even the toughest french recipe. The hall leads to the spacious master bedroom which has a king size bed and plenty of closet space to unpack. The bathroom with tub & shower is just off the hallway, with a separa	Isle Saint-Louis - Truly The Center Of Paris; Easy Walk to Notre Dame, the Marais, The Left Bank and of course great Bistros & restaurants & shopping on the island! Paris is best seen by foot - from this apartment you can walk everywhere....the Left Bank: Latin Quarter/Sorbonne, St Germain-dés-Près; or the Right Bank: the Marais District, the Louvre. This spacious apartment is perfect for 2 couples or 4 ladies who want a large, spacious and comfortable place to kick off their shoes after a long day of monuments and museums.  The owner has specifically chosen every antique piece and every work of art adorning this beautiful space. The crisp white entrance leads to the double salon with a dining table on one side & a sitting area on the other side. Just across the hall is the den which has a sofa bed, television, telephone & free wifi. If you want to create a gourmet meal, the kitchen is stocked with utensils and appliances ready to prepare even the toughest french recipe. The hall leads
34841	Premier étage en fond de cour.	Grand appartement à 100m de la Place des Vosges et de Bastille. Au pied du métro. Idéal pour visiter Paris et ses musées. Premier étage en fond de cour. Proche du marais, du Centre Pompidou,... Accès par metro(3 lignes), bus et taxis
34842	Totally renovated 2-rooms, comfortable, very quiet and well equipped  : 1 living room with sofa bed, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 well equipped kitchen. Independant entrie from a typical and really charming courtyard. The stair inside the apartment leads you to first and last floor.  Perfect for 1,2 or 3 adults, or a couple with 2 kids over 5.	Exclusive address in center of Paris, heart of Marais close to Place des Vosges.  Charming apartment totally renovated, well equipped, overlooking a typical courtyard. Perfect to visit the city or to relax after work. Totally renovated 2-rooms, comfortable, very quiet and well equipped  : 1 living room with sofa bed, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 well equipped kitchen. Independant entrie from a typical and really charming courtyard. The stair inside the apartment leads you to first and last floor.  Perfect for 1,2 or 3 adults, or a couple with 2 kids over 5. Free wifi, kitchen, diswasher, washing machine, microwave, toaster, TV cable, clock radio with iphone charging, hair dryer...  Bed with high quality mattress. I can be flexible for check-in and check-out. It depends on the other guest so just ask! I do check-in and check-out myself and as I stay nearby, I will remain available for any questions or informations during your stay.  Feel free to contact me for any request, and do not hes
34843	"On the second floor, family apartment 60 meters square with large living room, large bedroom, one separated kitchen and one bathroom with a bathtub + Shower and a separated WC   It is at the same time intimate and equipped to accommodate a family.  A bedroom with queen bed, a sofa bed with a sleep quality hotel for 2 and 2 single beds (one in the bedroom and one in the living room) it possible to sleep up to 6 persons.  Fully equipped with all modern conveniences: internet access WiFi , TV, CD player, washing machine, etc. The apartment is situated on the first (website hidden) is very safe : code at building and quiet night and day : all rooms overlook an internal sunlight courtyard.  FACILITIES : Bed linen and towels provided. Public PARKING facilities available at a nearby garage. "" The dinner room is next to the kitchen in witch is furnihed some new households appliances like, washing machin, over, kettle, coffee machin, micro wave, electric stove. "	Our flat is on the 2nd floor in this historic building 1 Bedroom apartment , 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 separated bathroom, 1 separated WC Bedroom with a large bed (140*200 cm) + one single bed (90*200) Living room with a sofa bed and singlebed On the second floor, family apartment 60 meters square with large living room, large bedroom, one separated kitchen and one bathroom with a bathtub + Shower and a separated WC   It is at the same time intimate and equipped to accommodate a family.  A bedroom with queen bed, a sofa bed with a sleep quality hotel for 2 and 2 single beds (one in the bedroom and one in the living room) it possible to sleep up to 6 persons.  Fully equipped with all modern conveniences: internet access WiFi , TV, CD player, washing machine, etc. The apartment is situated on the first (website hidden) is very safe : code at building and quiet night and day : all rooms overlook an internal sunlight courtyard.  FACILITIES : Bed linen and towels provided. Public PARKING 
34844	2minutes walk from beaubourg 2minutes from hotel de ville  center Marais  very quiet apartment 	Your stay for 2 in the French capital may turn into an extended vacation in this apartment, penetrated by natural light Your living area is pleasantly arranged in 3 distinct zone: your comfortable sleeping area; your warm and friendly living room; and your well-equipped kitchen area 2minutes walk from beaubourg 2minutes from hotel de ville  center Marais  very quiet apartment  // .. the location is perfect  in the middle of the Marais  close to major museums metro  hotel de ville  from charles de gaulle airport  take rer to chatelet les halles then it s 8 minutes walk
34845	Situated on a quiet street on St. Louis Island on the 6th French walk-up floor of typical Parisian building, this modern design 31 sqm has a separated bedroom and a bright living room. It can sleep up to 3 people, 2 in the double bedroom and 1 in a sofa-bed in the living room.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, unlimited high speed internet access, TV. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 18th century walk up building is equipped with : 2 security codes. The Area An island in the heart of the city: probably the most romantic place of Paris! Next to Notre Dame, just few steps from the main Parisian museums and sights and surrounded by the oldest and most charming neighborhoods of the capital, the Ile Saint Louis is connected to both banks of the river Seine by 6 bridges and is the ideal place for peaceful walks along the river and for lively summer picnics.  At a walking distance from interesting monuments and museums, it is possible to 	Situated on a quiet street on St. Louis Island on the 6th French walk-up floor of typical Parisian building, this modern design 31 sqm has a separated bedroom and a bright living room. It can sleep up to 3 people, 2 in the double bedroom and 1 in a sofa-bed in the living room.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, unlimited high speed internet access, TV. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 18th century walk up building is equipped with : 2 security codes. The Area An island in the heart of the city: probably the most romantic place of Paris! Next to Notre Dame, just few steps from the main Parisian museums and sights and surrounded by the oldest and most charming neighborhoods of the capital, the Ile Saint Louis is connected to both banks of the river Seine by 6 bridges and is the ideal place for peaceful walks along the river and for lively summer picnics.  At a walking distance from interesting monuments and museums, it is possible to 
34846	Très bel appartement deux pièces, clair et ensoleillé, avec une chambre. Dans un immeuble parisien du XVIIIème siècle, au deuxième étage sans ascenseur. Salle de bain avec douche à l’italienne, wc séparés et très belle cuisine ouverte, entièrement équipée pour se préparer de bons petits plats. Beaucoup de rangements.  Au pied du métro Saint-Paul, à deux pas de la Bastille,  du musée Picasso, proche tous commerces : l’appartement est situé dans un quartier vivant avec ses cafés,  ses restaurants, musées, près de la Place des Vosges, de l'Hôtel de Ville et des Quais de Seine, au cœur du Marais, temple de la mode et des tendances parisiennes. 1 chambre  1 salle de bain  1 cuisine tout équipée ouverte Parquet neuf  Machine à laver + sèche-linge 2ème étage sans ascenseur  1 lit double-place (1m60) + 1 canapé-lit  Très belle hauteur sous plafond Internet et télévision disponibles	Très bel appartement deux pièces, clair et ensoleillé, avec une chambre. Dans un immeuble parisien du XVIIIème siècle, au deuxième étage sans ascenseur. Salle de bain avec douche à l’italienne, wc séparés et très belle cuisine ouverte, entièrement équipée pour se préparer de bons petits plats. Beaucoup de rangements.  Au pied du métro Saint-Paul, à deux pas de la Bastille,  du musée Picasso, proche tous commerces : l’appartement est situé dans un quartier vivant avec ses cafés,  ses restaurants, musées, près de la Place des Vosges, de l'Hôtel de Ville et des Quais de Seine, au cœur du Marais, temple de la mode et des tendances parisiennes. 1 chambre  1 salle de bain  1 cuisine tout équipée ouverte Parquet neuf  Machine à laver + sèche-linge 2ème étage sans ascenseur  1 lit double-place (1m60) + 1 canapé-lit  Très belle hauteur sous plafond Internet et télévision disponibles Les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité de l'appartement. De nombreux rangements sont disponibles. Un linge de mais
34847	Typical haussmanian style with decorated high ceilings and parquet floors, furnished with inspiration from Scandinavian design. The apartment has 4 balconies – one in front of the living room, one in the master bedroom, one in the extra bedroom and, pourquoi pas, another one in the bathroom. Master bedroom: Real double bed. Extra bedroom: Convertible couch Living room: Convertible couch	Charming, 90 m2 spacious Parisian flat, in the very heart of the one of the coolest neighbourhoods of the City of Lights: Le Marais. Just a few steps from amazing restaurants, great shopping opportunities and many famous cultural attractions. Typical haussmanian style with decorated high ceilings and parquet floors, furnished with inspiration from Scandinavian design. The apartment has 4 balconies – one in front of the living room, one in the master bedroom, one in the extra bedroom and, pourquoi pas, another one in the bathroom. Master bedroom: Real double bed. Extra bedroom: Convertible couch Living room: Convertible couch Closest Metro station: Saint Paul Station (line 1), is only 2 minutes walk from the flat. Closest train station (RER): Les Halles is located only 15 minutes walk from the apartment. The RER B train goes straight to Charles de Gaulle Airport and to Orly Airport. There are several public bike stations surrounding the apartment. Bus stops in front of the building.
34848	This cozy and well decorated 1-bedroom apartment is located in a quiet and well taken care of 18th century building. On the 5th floor (no elevator), overlooking roofs and the Pompidou Center, stay here to experience the authentic Parisian life and enjoy Paris: only 900 yards from Notre Dame & accross the street from the Pompidou Center, it is ideally located. All commodities are just at the foot of the flat, with traditional French food & wine stores, and all the trendy bars and restaurants about 100 yards away. The thoughtful decoration highlights the 18th-century historical wooden beams. The kitchen is fully equipped (washer and dishwasher).	    Classy 30m²-1-bedroom apartment (5th floor, no elevator) in the heart of Le Marais in a nice and authentic 18th-century building. Modern feel, historical wooden beams,fully equipped kitchen, high speed wireless Internet & mezzanine overlooking the Pompidou Center. The ideal place to enjoy Paris!       This cozy and well decorated 1-bedroom apartment is located in a quiet and well taken care of 18th century building. On the 5th floor (no elevator), overlooking roofs and the Pompidou Center, stay here to experience the authentic Parisian life and enjoy Paris: only 900 yards from Notre Dame & accross the street from the Pompidou Center, it is ideally located. All commodities are just at the foot of the flat, with traditional French food & wine stores, and all the trendy bars and restaurants about 100 yards away. The thoughtful decoration highlights the 18th-century historical wooden beams. The kitchen is fully equipped (washer and dishwasher). The flat is all yours! Make yourself at h
34849	A louer petit Studio, refait à neuf, en plein coeur du Marais. Appartement très lumineux, avec une vue sur les toits de Paris. Le studio comprend :  - une cuisine entièrement équipée (plaques induction, réfrigérateur-congélateur, micro ondes, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine, machine à café), Télévision, wifi, canapé-lit avec un matelas Dunlopillo de 14 cms d'épaisseur.  - une salle d'eau avec douche, wc, lavabo, sèche cheveux, étagères, miroir, sèche serviette, fer à repasser. En plein centre de Paris, vous êtes à quelques pas de tous commerces ( boulangeries, épiceries fines, supermarché bio, Franprix, épiceries de nuit, traiteurs ...)  Le superbe quartier historique du Marais fourmille de petites boutiques, galeries d'art, cafés, restaurants, bars trendy...  Vous serez à proximité immédiate de Châtelet (plein centre), du Forum des Halles (le plus grand centre commercial de Paris), de la Cathédrale Notre Dame, du quartier Saint-Michel mais aussi de la Tour Eiffel ainsi que de l'ave	A louer petit Studio, refait à neuf, en plein coeur du Marais. Appartement très lumineux, avec une vue sur les toits de Paris. Le studio comprend :  - une cuisine entièrement équipée (plaques induction, réfrigérateur-congélateur, micro ondes, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine, machine à café), Télévision, wifi, canapé-lit avec un matelas Dunlopillo de 14 cms d'épaisseur.  - une salle d'eau avec douche, wc, lavabo, sèche cheveux, étagères, miroir, sèche serviette, fer à repasser. En plein centre de Paris, vous êtes à quelques pas de tous commerces ( boulangeries, épiceries fines, supermarché bio, Franprix, épiceries de nuit, traiteurs ...)  Le superbe quartier historique du Marais fourmille de petites boutiques, galeries d'art, cafés, restaurants, bars trendy...  Vous serez à proximité immédiate de Châtelet (plein centre), du Forum des Halles (le plus grand centre commercial de Paris), de la Cathédrale Notre Dame, du quartier Saint-Michel mais aussi de la Tour Eiffel ainsi que de l'ave
34850	The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator of  an historic building, typical of the Marais, very well renovated,  overlooking a beautiful paved courtyard It includes: a living room with a double sofa bed for 2 people , very comfortable, an expandable dining table , a closet, a dresser, TV with international channels , unlimited internet, wifi The kitchen is separated from the living area by a very original tiled bar,  It features all equipments you wish, , with , especially,  a dishwasher, washer dryer , oven, vitro ceramic  hot plates The room features a double bed 140 , a large closet, and a console  The bathroom has  a bath with shower, washbasin and toilets A beautiful traditional parquet flooring  covers the apartment  Electric heating 	Experiment  living in a magical place in the historic Marais , nearby Picasso Museum , in an apartment that combines charm , modernity and refined decoration  The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator of  an historic building, typical of the Marais, very well renovated,  overlooking a beautiful paved courtyard It includes: a living room with a double sofa bed for 2 people , very comfortable, an expandable dining table , a closet, a dresser, TV with international channels , unlimited internet, wifi The kitchen is separated from the living area by a very original tiled bar,  It features all equipments you wish, , with , especially,  a dishwasher, washer dryer , oven, vitro ceramic  hot plates The room features a double bed 140 , a large closet, and a console  The bathroom has  a bath with shower, washbasin and toilets A beautiful traditional parquet flooring  covers the apartment  Electric heating Absolutely privileged location, right in the Marais district, between the sub
34851	La Chambre est agréable, assez grande,  très claire avec porte fenêtre au 6 ème étage :  2 fauteuils, table basse,  table à écrire.  partie cuisine bien aménagée,  avec plaques à induction, frigidaire,  grand évier avec douchette.  Il n'y a  PAS DE DOUCHE  dans la chambre (cela aurait transformé la pièce, voir les photos). WC contigus (photo 12). Grand clic clac 160 , neuf.  Photos 8 et 9  du Lit déplié. Volet roulant électrique.  Nuits calmes.  Un certain charme.  Chauffage, 2 radiateurs. Accès possible à la SDB de l'appartement du loueur, dans l'immeuble,  certains soirs, à convenir sur place. A pied : à 5 minutes de la Seine, à 10 min de l’Isle Saint Louis, à 15 min de l’Ile de la Cité et de Nôtre Dame, à 20-25 min du Louvre.  Entre la Bastille et la Seine, métro Bastille ou Sully Morland,  et ’autobus  Bd Henri IV ,  les quais de Seine ou rue Saint Antoine.  Tous commerces à proximité rue Saint Antoine. Excellente Baguette Tradition chez « Manon » et autres bonnes pâtisseries.  Bon	Chambre de 23 m2,  au 6ème étage,  sans ascenseur.  Grand calme,  vue sur les toits et le ciel.  Canapé clic clac neuf 160,  coin cuisine agréablement  aménagé,  grand évier avec douchette,  eau chaude,  WC  contigus. Absence de douche. Du charme. La Chambre est agréable, assez grande,  très claire avec porte fenêtre au 6 ème étage :  2 fauteuils, table basse,  table à écrire.  partie cuisine bien aménagée,  avec plaques à induction, frigidaire,  grand évier avec douchette.  Il n'y a  PAS DE DOUCHE  dans la chambre (cela aurait transformé la pièce, voir les photos). WC contigus (photo 12). Grand clic clac 160 , neuf.  Photos 8 et 9  du Lit déplié. Volet roulant électrique.  Nuits calmes.  Un certain charme.  Chauffage, 2 radiateurs. Accès possible à la SDB de l'appartement du loueur, dans l'immeuble,  certains soirs, à convenir sur place. A pied : à 5 minutes de la Seine, à 10 min de l’Isle Saint Louis, à 15 min de l’Ile de la Cité et de Nôtre Dame, à 20-25 min du Louvre.  Entre la Bas
34852	Perfectly situated on the Le Marais  giving a wide variety of entertainment options within a short distance. The Studio has been recently painted and renovated This bright and airy one bedroom flat is located in Rue des Rosiers (Marais) an area with several local cafes, restaurants, supermarkets and shops. *3 Min walk from the metro station-M1 Saint Paul Tv, Free Wifi, Heating,complimerntary Tea, Coffee, Sugar and Fresh towels supplied. I would like you to feel very welcome and enjoy all that Paris has to offer.	Studio Rue des Rosiers, welcoming ,cozy and well located. It can comfortably accommodate two people and is very central; in a Historical street with a lot of life. Enjoy this apartament and your proximity to the main metro lines. Perfectly situated on the Le Marais  giving a wide variety of entertainment options within a short distance. The Studio has been recently painted and renovated This bright and airy one bedroom flat is located in Rue des Rosiers (Marais) an area with several local cafes, restaurants, supermarkets and shops. *3 Min walk from the metro station-M1 Saint Paul Tv, Free Wifi, Heating,complimerntary Tea, Coffee, Sugar and Fresh towels supplied. I would like you to feel very welcome and enjoy all that Paris has to offer.
34853	"This apartment in the center of Paris has a lot of 'cachet' with a very large Italian shower amazing open kitchen with professional cooking gear and it can accommodate up to 4 people - 2 in the the one bedroom and 2 on the fold-out bed in the living area. The bed has a large ""swiss confort"" mattress, so it is just amazing to sleep in. It's in a very quiet part of the building not overlooking the street and only at the second floor so you won't kill your legs on this one! The neighborhood is quite amazing, with many restaurants, shops, paved roads for pedestrian and you literally find historical landmarks at every street corner. The subway station St Paul is just 2mn away on line one that gets you directly to the Louvres, Notre Dames, Champs Elysées, Bastille, Nation,..."	"This apartment in the center of Paris has a lot of 'cachet' with a very large Italian shower amazing open kitchen with professional cooking gear and it can accommodate up to 4 people - 2 in the the one bedroom and 2 on the fold-out bed in the living area. The bed has a large ""swiss confort"" mattress, so it is just amazing to sleep in. It's in a very quiet part of the building not overlooking the street and only at the second floor so you won't kill your legs on this one! The neighborhood is quite amazing, with many restaurants, shops, paved roads for pedestrian and you literally find historical landmarks at every street corner. The subway station St Paul is just 2mn away on line one that gets you directly to the Louvres, Notre Dames, Champs Elysées, Bastille, Nation,..."
34854		This charming apartment is located at 2 minuts by walk from the Place des Vosges.  Full equiped, you will love his wooden floor, the working fireplace, the white beams and the nice window which separe the kitchen from the main room.
34855	OUR APARTMENT Our stutio is situated on the 2nd US floor / 1 French/UK floor of a historical building dating back to XVII-XVIII. The apartment was renovated in May 2015. The windows are double-glazed so the apartment is very quiet.  The studio boasts an excellent location between: - the famous Notre Dame de Paris, - the St. Paul and St. Louis Cathedral, - the Carnavalet museum, and - the Place du marché-Sainte-Catherine (all within a 1-to-3-minute walk). - 10-12 minites of walk from the Louvre. SLEEPS up to 4 people. Minimum stay - 3 nights. Over X-mas and NY - 5 nights. WE PROVIDE (items included in the daily price):     FREE wi-fi internet     FREE international calls to fixed lines     Double bed (queen-size: 160x200cm or 63x79 inches) with a memory foam mattress     Double-bed sofa (140x200cm or 55x79 inches)      Quality bedding and linen      Set of 3 towels per person     Hair-dryer     Iron/iron board     All necessary kitchen appliances Electricity and utilities are included i	Come and live in the heart of the historical Paris - the Marais neighborhood (XIII-XVII).  Stay at our romantic studio in the rue Saint Paul - steps from the Notre Dame and Saint Paul Cathedrals.  Buy your breakfast at an authentic bakery near-by! OUR APARTMENT Our stutio is situated on the 2nd US floor / 1 French/UK floor of a historical building dating back to XVII-XVIII. The apartment was renovated in May 2015. The windows are double-glazed so the apartment is very quiet.  The studio boasts an excellent location between: - the famous Notre Dame de Paris, - the St. Paul and St. Louis Cathedral, - the Carnavalet museum, and - the Place du marché-Sainte-Catherine (all within a 1-to-3-minute walk). - 10-12 minites of walk from the Louvre. SLEEPS up to 4 people. Minimum stay - 3 nights. Over X-mas and NY - 5 nights. WE PROVIDE (items included in the daily price):     FREE wi-fi internet     FREE international calls to fixed lines     Double bed (queen-size: 160x200cm or 63x79 inches) wit
34856	With direct access by train from both airports, you will have all the local transport and convenience, The best location in Paris!  The apartment has been completely remodeled with no detail spared. You will see the results around every corner of the apartment – from the windows and the extended balcony with sweeping views on “les toits de paris”  You can start your day with breakfast on the balcony overlooking Paris rooftops.  Clean and sunny	Destined for those seeking the exclusive Marais location and luxuries of a 4 star Paris hotel, combined with the comfort and modern amenities of your own home. With direct access by train from both airports, you will have all the local transport With direct access by train from both airports, you will have all the local transport and convenience, The best location in Paris!  The apartment has been completely remodeled with no detail spared. You will see the results around every corner of the apartment – from the windows and the extended balcony with sweeping views on “les toits de paris”  You can start your day with breakfast on the balcony overlooking Paris rooftops.  Clean and sunny The apartment features:  A full kitchen with new appliances  Microwave, dishwasher, coffee machine  Wi-Fi Internet access  40 inch 4K flat screen Netflix usa,  UK, German, Spanish&Russian TV channels Clean towels and bed sheets  No extra guest allowed We are happy to interact with guests as much as they l
34857		A deux pas de la place de la bastille, au 5ème étage, studio de 33 m2 composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, d'une salle de bain et d'une cuisine séparée avec vue sur la tour Eiffel.  Calme et Lumineux. 
34858	Amazing location, great volumes, view on the river, privacy, sun coming in...	In the heart of historical Paris le Marais, great view on La Seine and Ile St Louis, on the other side of the river. The apartment is a perfect romantic place for a couple. Open space full of light. 5 meters high celling. Bedroom on a mezzanine. Amazing location, great volumes, view on the river, privacy, sun coming in... Everything. Even a cupboard for your clothes. I will answer your email within few hours and hopefully I ll be able to welcome you the day of your arrival. If I m not around, my friend will be there to welcome you and show you the apartment. Le Marais is the old part of Paris. It s now a fancy aera with a lot of bars and restaurants. Fashion shops are also all around. Antic and design shops of Rue St Paul are just at the corner. Metro Sully Morland is just in front of the building. But what is great about the aera is that you can go by foot to many places : Ile St Louis in just on the other side of the river, Place des Vosges is 5 minutes away, Centre Georges Pompidou 
34859	Typical Studio/Loft of Le Marais, floor-tiles, on classed courtyard, in the heart of Le Marais , 5 mns walk from the place des Vosges,Notre dame,the banks of the Seine, Ile Saint Louis, port de l arsenal, double bed for 2 persons in mezzanine, convertible sofa 2 places in the living room,35 m², very quiet and cosy Kitchen equiped, wash dishes, washes linen, nespresso,microwave... Bathroom, toilets separed WiFi,free international phone,cable tv 1st floor The best area in Paris  Metro Bastille or Sully Morland Airport acces easy Transfert aeroport on demand (45€ for 4 people) Cleaning fees 30€ Studio/Loft typique du marais poutres,tommettes, sur cour classee, au coeur du marais, 5 mns de la place des Vosges, Notre dame, des quais de seine, ile saint louis, port de l arsenal, couchage 2 personnes en mezzanine, canape convertible 2 places dans le sejour, 35 m², très calme et cosy cuisine equipe, lave vaisselle, lave linge, nespresso, micro onde ... salle de bain,wc separe Wifi, telephone i	Typical Studio/Loft of Le Marais, floor-tiles, on classed courtyard, in the heart of Le Marais , 5 mns walk from the place des Vosges,Notre dame,the banks of the Seine, Ile Saint Louis, port de l arsenal, double bed for 2 persons in mezzanine, convertible sofa 2 places in the living room,35 m², very quiet and cosy Kitchen equiped, wash dishes, washes linen, nespresso,microwave... Bathroom, toilets separed WiFi,free international phone,cable tv 1st floor The best area in Paris  Metro Bastille or Sully Morland Airport acces easy Transfert aeroport on demand (45€ for 4 people) Cleaning fees 30€ Studio/Loft typique du marais poutres,tommettes, sur cour classee, au coeur du marais, 5 mns de la place des Vosges, Notre dame, des quais de seine, ile saint louis, port de l arsenal, couchage 2 personnes en mezzanine, canape convertible 2 places dans le sejour, 35 m², très calme et cosy cuisine equipe, lave vaisselle, lave linge, nespresso, micro onde ... salle de bain,wc separe Wifi, telephone i
34860		This bright and beautiful apartment is located one minute away from the very chic Place des Vosges, in the historic Marais district with its trendy shops, restaurants and cafés. The apartment is calm, cosy and has high quality bedding. 
34861	A very charming fully furnished apt  to enjoy one the most beautiful district of Paris.  	"Fully furnished studio for 2 people on the Ile Saint-Louis. Very central location , quite and few min walking distance from Notre Dame Cathedral , Marais and  around the most famous restaurants in Paris like "" La Tour d'Argent"". A very charming fully furnished apt  to enjoy one the most beautiful district of Paris.  Ile saint-Louis is one of the most convenient place to live in Paris with  easy access to museams and restaurant . Notre Dame Cathedral and the Marais are  just few  min. walking distance from the apt I will meet all the guests at their arrival and I leave near the apt in case of problems"
34862		The most exclusive area of Paris : Ile St Louis. The most quiet and the most central. Simply the most magical part of all Paris with everything under walking distance. Simply walking along la Seine river worth the trip !
34863	"Charming studio bedroom with bathroom (Grohe shower), toilets and kitchen (fridge, microwave, cooking space...), very bright (facing south) and 3rd floor, small garden, in the heart of a unique historical ""village"" neighboorhood close to Notre Dame, Le Marais, le Quartier latin. Free wifi or broadband included."	"Who said the city centre was unaffordable?The best and safest central ""pied à terre"" to join any site in Paris in a second! A unique paradise village in the heart of the Seine and the Marais. (Coffee (nespresso) & tea offered!) Charming studio bedroom with bathroom (Grohe shower), toilets and kitchen (fridge, microwave, cooking space...), very bright (facing south) and 3rd floor, small garden, in the heart of a unique historical ""village"" neighboorhood close to Notre Dame, Le Marais, le Quartier latin. Free wifi or broadband included. everything:trundle bed Simmons, bureau style Directoire, broadband wifi, shower Grohe, kitchen, fridge A++, 2 cooking plates, micro-wave, cupboard, Nespresso machine, different kinds of tea, touristic guides (Lonely Planet, Routard, Nouvel Obs and others), books, dictionary. by mail (and phone) mainly. Unique. A historical unique 17th century village style neighbourhood with many shops, world class icecreammaker, starred Michelin restaurants at affordable"
34864		Duplex of 32 sq-m ideally situated at the heart of the island, with the main businesses of mouth at the foot of the building. Very quiet in the last floor of a building of character of the XVIIth century. At the top, room and shower & toilets. Métro : Pont Marie - Saint Paul Vélib : Pont Marie
34865	SURFACE AREA : 56 m² + 7 m² mezzanine *****  BEDDING : one bedroom (bed 140cm x 195), a sofabed (140cm x 195), a mezzanine (bed 100cm x 195) *****  This VERY TYPICAL OLD PARISIAN apartment with visible stones and beams has ALL MODERN CONVENIENCES. VERY QUIET apartment with double glasses windows. The bedroom looks onto the courtyard. *****  INCLUDED : linen and towels, taxes, end-stay cleaning, charges, internet wifi, cable TV, telephone (towards 100 countries, on landlines, not on mobile phones except for the USA and Canada) *****  LIFT  : NO, but only at the second floor (GF-1st FL-2nd FL). Stairs ok even for the elderly.  *****  AC : NO, but useless ! The thick stone walls play the part of an efficient natural AC. There is a FAN. *****  FAMILY OFFER : for the families with 3 children, no extra charge for the last kid ! (Thanks to inform me) *****  CHECK-IN from 2 PM – CHECK-OUT before 11 AM  Extra fee of 10 € for check-in after 8 PM, 20 € after 10 PM, 15 € for check-out before 7:30 	This VERY TYPICAL OLD PARISIAN apartment with visible stones and beams has ALL MODERN CONVENIENCES. IDEALLY LOCATED to discover Paris on foot.  Private AIRPORT taxi on demand. SURFACE AREA : 56 m² + 7 m² mezzanine *****  BEDDING : one bedroom (bed 140cm x 195), a sofabed (140cm x 195), a mezzanine (bed 100cm x 195) *****  This VERY TYPICAL OLD PARISIAN apartment with visible stones and beams has ALL MODERN CONVENIENCES. VERY QUIET apartment with double glasses windows. The bedroom looks onto the courtyard. *****  INCLUDED : linen and towels, taxes, end-stay cleaning, charges, internet wifi, cable TV, telephone (towards 100 countries, on landlines, not on mobile phones except for the USA and Canada) *****  LIFT  : NO, but only at the second floor (GF-1st FL-2nd FL). Stairs ok even for the elderly.  *****  AC : NO, but useless ! The thick stone walls play the part of an efficient natural AC. There is a FAN. *****  FAMILY OFFER : for the families with 3 children, no extra charge for the l
34866	In the heart of the historical district of Le Marais. Saint Louis (4th arrondissement), I offer you a great 80 square meters apartment with: 5 sleeps -Two real bedrooms separated one to another. The main bedroom includes a comfortable, full sized bed (double bed) and plenty of shelving for your clothes. The second bedroom includes two beds, (a single bed and double bed)  and also shelving, On more adult can sleep on the sofa -A large living room with dining area, -Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine coffee maker, microwave, and everything you might need to cook a full meal or entertain, -Luxurious bathroom with shower & bath (towels provided), -Separated WC -      High Speed wireless Internet, cable TV The location is just GREAT, you are at walking distance to most of the touristic attractions, luxury fashion shops, art galleries, great restaurants and transportations. You will love to live like a Parisian in a genuine Parisian apartment. Walking distance to River Seine	In the heart of the historical district of Le Marais. Saint Louis (4th arrondissement), I offer you a great 80 square meters apartment with: 5 sleeps -Two real bedrooms separated one to another. The main bedroom includes a comfortable, full sized bed (double bed) and plenty of shelving for your clothes. The second bedroom includes two beds, (a single bed and double bed)  and also shelving, On more adult can sleep on the sofa -A large living room with dining area, -Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine coffee maker, microwave, and everything you might need to cook a full meal or entertain, -Luxurious bathroom with shower & bath (towels provided), -Separated WC -      High Speed wireless Internet, cable TV The location is just GREAT, you are at walking distance to most of the touristic attractions, luxury fashion shops, art galleries, great restaurants and transportations. You will love to live like a Parisian in a genuine Parisian apartment. Walking distance to River Seine
34867	Exceptional apartment located on the island. Ile de la Cite, facing Ile Saint Louis, metro CITE, by the river. Full light full view full sky. 4 th floor no elevator, one separate bedroom. Kitchen fully equipped and furnished. Independant bathroom/WC.  FREE wifi FREE phone english channels. Washer/dryer, dishwasher. 	Exceptionnal apartment located on ILE de la CITE, face to the river, with an incredible view on all Paris above the SEINE. Historical building from 1678 with original beams. 4th floor (no lift) One bedroom Exceptional apartment located on the island. Ile de la Cite, facing Ile Saint Louis, metro CITE, by the river. Full light full view full sky. 4 th floor no elevator, one separate bedroom. Kitchen fully equipped and furnished. Independant bathroom/WC.  FREE wifi FREE phone english channels. Washer/dryer, dishwasher.  Assistance 7/7 - 24/24 Ile de la Cite, the best paris location, quiet, very old, historical, a true travel in the medieval Paris
34868		If you are looking for history and charm, it doesn't get any better than this 17th century classified building.  The main staircase is original to the building and instantly welcomes you back a few centuries.  It's pretty cool.
34869	"Superb 15 sqm studio, next to the townhall and at the doors of Le Marais. Situated in a calm and ancient building, with beautiful 17th century stairs. Two steps away from metro ""hôtel de ville"", you are in the very heart of Paris, between centre Pompidou-Beaubourg, Notre-Dame-de-Paris and the Louvre. This appartment is equiped with a full kitchen (fridge-freezer, oven-microwave, stoves, pans, and full kitchenwares), a sofa (convertible into a bed - I provide bedding, i.e. sheets, pillows and blanket), a bathroom (I provide shower gel, towels and even a hairdryer) and toilets (with paper). TV and free wifi is also available. In the kitchen, you will find tea, coffee and sugar so you can relax when you arrive. Maps and tourist information flyers will also help you plan your stay. Very close to the flat, there are: - 3 metro stations : ""Hôtel de Ville"", ""Châtelet"" and ""Les Halles"". Access is direct from the airports (check metro map on (website hidden)) - 3 supermarkets, a pharmacy, a lau"	"Superb 15 sqm studio, next to the townhall and at the doors of Le Marais. Situated in a calm and ancient building, with beautiful 17th century stairs. Two steps away from metro ""hôtel de ville"", you are in the very heart of Paris, between centre Pompidou-Beaubourg, Notre-Dame-de-Paris and the Louvre. This appartment is equiped with a full kitchen (fridge-freezer, oven-microwave, stoves, pans, and full kitchenwares), a sofa (convertible into a bed - I provide bedding, i.e. sheets, pillows and blanket), a bathroom (I provide shower gel, towels and even a hairdryer) and toilets (with paper). TV and free wifi is also available. In the kitchen, you will find tea, coffee and sugar so you can relax when you arrive. Maps and tourist information flyers will also help you plan your stay. Very close to the flat, there are: - 3 metro stations : ""Hôtel de Ville"", ""Châtelet"" and ""Les Halles"". Access is direct from the airports (check metro map on (website hidden)) - 3 supermarkets, a pharmacy, a lau"
34870		Deux pièces de 40m2 avec chambre séparée et cuisine tout équipée. Charme parisien. Au pied du métro St Ambroise et à 5 minutes du Marais.
34871	This warm space in the heart of the famous Marais area offers a spacious living room with a bedroom. It can accommodate up to 4 guests. The apartment is well equipped. You will have free WIFI, DVD player, not to mention dish washer, washing machine.	Amazing apartment with amazing location just in the center of Paris. Well furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 1 bedroom and 1 Bathroom: welcome to this cosy apartment in Paris. This warm space in the heart of the famous Marais area offers a spacious living room with a bedroom. It can accommodate up to 4 guests. The apartment is well equipped. You will have free WIFI, DVD player, not to mention dish washer, washing machine. The apartment is on the first floor. The building is well secured with a digital code. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live. If you want to explore the vibrant culture of Paris , this is the neighborhood for you. Marais zone has always been rated by all kinds of Magazines as one of the top ten areas to work/live/play. The restaurants and shops are top notch. You will find the good French cafe everywhere, not to mention theaters, organic markets, wine shops, gourmet cheese and pasta, and French bakeries. Fr
34872	Everyone knows the Rue des Rosiers - a narrow bustling street where cafe s, modest and not-so-modest restaurants jostle for space with designer boutiques. A favorite with tourists as well as locals, it is the center of the old Jewish quarter. A heavy wooden door in a deep cobbled porch opens onto a typical Parisian courtyard where an ancient staircase winds up to this fourth floor apartment (fourth floor with elevator). This apartment was refurbished early in 2005. It's comfortable, but not grand. The size and especially the location appeals to those wanting nevertheless to be in the heart of things. Polished wood floors, white painted walls, and colorful prints give this apartment a simple Provencal air, with comfortable, modern furnishings and decor. The front door opens directly into the cheerful kitchen/dining area with breakfast bar with stools, good cooking corner, 2 burners, small electric oven and washing machine. A bedroom with double bed overlooks the courtyard. A large sunny	One of the most ancient quartiers of Paris, the Marais has been carefully restored over the years. Parisians and tourists alike love to explore this maze of narrow streets. The Place des Vosges  is 5 minutes walk. Everyone knows the Rue des Rosiers - a narrow bustling street where cafe s, modest and not-so-modest restaurants jostle for space with designer boutiques. A favorite with tourists as well as locals, it is the center of the old Jewish quarter. A heavy wooden door in a deep cobbled porch opens onto a typical Parisian courtyard where an ancient staircase winds up to this fourth floor apartment (fourth floor with elevator). This apartment was refurbished early in 2005. It's comfortable, but not grand. The size and especially the location appeals to those wanting nevertheless to be in the heart of things. Polished wood floors, white painted walls, and colorful prints give this apartment a simple Provencal air, with comfortable, modern furnishings and decor. The front door opens di
34873	"Located ""Rue des Francs Bourgeois""  in the heart of the fashion and hipster area of Le Marais. Protected from renewal since late 60's Le Marais kept the sent of a genuine french village in the center of Paris.  At the 1st floor, the apartment is composed of an entrance with a large closet, on your left a spacious room with AC, large closest and a window on a peacefull court yard.  On your right a large bright living room with confortable sofa bed, diner table for up to 8 guests, open on a fully equiped kitchen with electric and gaz stove, hoven, microwave hoven, fridge, freezer, coffe machine, blender... The bathroom is large, with bathtub so you can relax at home.  The area is full of fancy fashion shops and art gallery. Close to restaurants, bar and animation, but the place remain quiet at night. Don't forget your sneackers, you are at walking distance to the main touristic and cultural places of Paris such as: Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, Place des Vosges are now in your neighbourhoo"	"Located ""Rue des Francs Bourgeois""  in the heart of the fashion and hipster area of Le Marais. Protected from renewal since late 60's Le Marais kept the sent of a genuine french village in the center of Paris.  Located ""Rue des Francs Bourgeois""  in the heart of the fashion and hipster area of Le Marais. Protected from renewal since late 60's Le Marais kept the sent of a genuine french village in the center of Paris.  At the 1st floor, the apartment is composed of an entrance with a large closet, on your left a spacious room with AC, large closest and a window on a peacefull court yard.  On your right a large bright living room with confortable sofa bed, diner table for up to 8 guests, open on a fully equiped kitchen with electric and gaz stove, hoven, microwave hoven, fridge, freezer, coffe machine, blender... The bathroom is large, with bathtub so you can relax at home.  The area is full of fancy fashion shops and art gallery. Close to restaurants, bar and animation, but the place re"
34874	STANDING This Paris apartment rental is located in an entirely renovated building of very high standing, secured by several digicodes. LAYOUT Rent an apartment of 42 m2 located on the 4th floor of a building with an elevator. It looks out onto a courtyard. This Paris apartment is very calm and luminous. It is composed of a living / dining room with an American kitchen. A sofa bed allows 2 additional sleeping places. The bedroom has a double bed and a dressing room. The bathroom has a bath-tub. This apartment to rent in Paris is very pleasant, has recently been renovated and is located in the centre of the Saint Louis island. SPECIAL NOTICE Each room has its own A/C portable unit.  	This apartment to rent in Paris is very pleasant, has recently been renovated and is located in the centre of the Saint Louis island. Close to Notre Dame, the Louvre, Rue de Rivoli, Hotel de Ville and many other Paris attractions.    STANDING This Paris apartment rental is located in an entirely renovated building of very high standing, secured by several digicodes. LAYOUT Rent an apartment of 42 m2 located on the 4th floor of a building with an elevator. It looks out onto a courtyard. This Paris apartment is very calm and luminous. It is composed of a living / dining room with an American kitchen. A sofa bed allows 2 additional sleeping places. The bedroom has a double bed and a dressing room. The bathroom has a bath-tub. This apartment to rent in Paris is very pleasant, has recently been renovated and is located in the centre of the Saint Louis island. SPECIAL NOTICE Each room has its own A/C portable unit.  LOCATION One of the Paris apartments to rent on this discreet and self-conta
34875	2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking ! Mention this offer with your booking. Studio on the Square is located in the exclusive St Paul area of the historic Marais district (Arrondissement # 4), one of the oldest and most charming neighborhoods in Paris.  You are steps from Notre-Dame and Hotel De Ville. Walk to most central locations in Paris such as The Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Place Concorde, the Champs Elysees, Ile Saint Louis, The Conciergerie, Sainte-Chapelle, the Latin Quarter and More ! Located on one of the most authentic and charming squares in Paris- Place Sainte-Catherine. Filled with typically Parisian cafes and restaurants, the square is closed off from traffic and offers a quiet and picturesque respite from the city. 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking ! Mention this offer with your booking. The square St Catherine is located 1 short block off Rue Saint-Antoine/Rue Rivoli. This street offers all the shopping you will need, Cheese Shops, Bakeries, Wine Shops, G	Delightful Studio for up to 2 Guests. Located in historic Marais-St Paul district, on one of the most charming Squares in Paris- Place Saint Catherine. Just off Rue Saint-Antoine, super Central.  Truly heart of old Paris.  + 2 Free River Cruise Tix 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking ! Mention this offer with your booking. Studio on the Square is located in the exclusive St Paul area of the historic Marais district (Arrondissement # 4), one of the oldest and most charming neighborhoods in Paris.  You are steps from Notre-Dame and Hotel De Ville. Walk to most central locations in Paris such as The Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Place Concorde, the Champs Elysees, Ile Saint Louis, The Conciergerie, Sainte-Chapelle, the Latin Quarter and More ! Located on one of the most authentic and charming squares in Paris- Place Sainte-Catherine. Filled with typically Parisian cafes and restaurants, the square is closed off from traffic and offers a quiet and picturesque respite from the city. 2 Fr
34876	This 55 square meters 1bed apartment in Paris is situated in a 17th century building. Completeley renovated and fully furnished, this authentic Parisian apartment will provide you all the comfort you need for your stay. Located in one of the most enjoyable and liveliest part of the city: Le Marais area. - Linen, Washing Machine, Iron, vacuum cleaner.  - Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Oven, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Kettle.  - TV, cable TV basic access, DVD player, Stereo, Internet by ADSL-CABLE. HAIRDRYER - Heating: Electricity  - Hot water: Electricity This Apartment is composed of:  Living Room:  Bed(s): convertible sofabed,  Approx: 25m² (183 Sq.Ft.), 2 window(s), orientation North, East, view on Street, hardwood, sofa, 1 armchair, 2 chair/stool, Dinner Table for 2 people, 1 Coffee Table, 3+ cupboard, Open Kitchen, Wash Basin  Bedroom:  Bed(s): double bed,  Approx: 12m² (129 Sq.Ft.),  Shower room:  Approx: 2m² (22 Sq.Ft.), ti	This 55 square meters 1bed apartment in Paris is situated in a 17th century building. Completeley renovated and fully furnished, this authentic Parisian apartment will provide you all the comfort you need for your stay.  This 55 square meters 1bed apartment in Paris is situated in a 17th century building. Completeley renovated and fully furnished, this authentic Parisian apartment will provide you all the comfort you need for your stay. Located in one of the most enjoyable and liveliest part of the city: Le Marais area. - Linen, Washing Machine, Iron, vacuum cleaner.  - Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Oven, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Kettle.  - TV, cable TV basic access, DVD player, Stereo, Internet by ADSL-CABLE. HAIRDRYER - Heating: Electricity  - Hot water: Electricity This Apartment is composed of:  Living Room:  Bed(s): convertible sofabed,  Approx: 25m² (183 Sq.Ft.), 2 window(s), orientation North, East, view on Street, hard
34877	Right in the heart of the Marais quarter, near the Place des Vosges, the apartment of 56m2 is located on the 3rd floor (with elevator) of a building of the eighteenth century. Facing south, with a courtyard, it is as quiet as bright. It breaks a kitchen, 1 living room, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 separate toilet. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160 x 200) and one of the two sofas in the living room is convertible for 2 extra beds. The apartment has a TV connected to cable, with home cinema, internet access wired and wireless. The shops at the bottom of the building, metro Bastille and St. Paul 200m. Many restaurants, among the best in Paris, such as Ambroisie Place des Vosges, or good very nice tables, like Les Vins des Pyrenees, Beautreillis street are less than 100m from the apartment. The best bakery in the Marais is right in front of the building! You will love exploring Paris ... as much as coming back to the apartment!	Quiet and bright, with a courtyard, this 2 room apartment is located in the heart of the Marais, between St. Paul and Bastille, near the Place des Vosges. All shops and restaurants are within 100m Right in the heart of the Marais quarter, near the Place des Vosges, the apartment of 56m2 is located on the 3rd floor (with elevator) of a building of the eighteenth century. Facing south, with a courtyard, it is as quiet as bright. It breaks a kitchen, 1 living room, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 separate toilet. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160 x 200) and one of the two sofas in the living room is convertible for 2 extra beds. The apartment has a TV connected to cable, with home cinema, internet access wired and wireless. The shops at the bottom of the building, metro Bastille and St. Paul 200m. Many restaurants, among the best in Paris, such as Ambroisie Place des Vosges, or good very nice tables, like Les Vins des Pyrenees, Beautreillis street are less than 100m from the apartment. Th
34878	Very Central, Rue des Rosiers is the most famous street of the Marais. Le Marais is a tipical Parisian area, the cutest as the buildings are historical (my building is 17th Century). The situation is great. Best place in Paris. Very Close to Notre Dame, Bastille, Place des Vosges, etc. The perfect place to be close to everything in Paris :) 	Very Central, Rue des Rosiers is the most famous street of the Marais. Le Marais is a tipical Parisian area, the cutest as the buildings are historical (my building is 17th Century). The situation is great. Best place in Paris. Very Close to Notre Dame, Bastille, Place des Vosges, etc. The perfect place to be close to everything in Paris :) Wifi, huge TV, Phone, kitchen (free calls to home phones in Europe and USA), washing machine, clothes drier, iron, dishwasher, oven, microwave, Nespresso™ Coffee machine, Towels, Hair dryer, flat iron, ... I am available 20 minutes from the flat for any requirement. I can give advices on tours, exibitions or restaurants. Feel free to ask me anything. If I can help, that would be a pleasure ! Just the best place to discover the real paris, the litllte tiny streets, it's almost all pedetrian streets with hidden gardens, beautiful little old houses. So Cute. Metro : line 1 Hotel de Ville OR Saint Paul Close to Les Halles, Rambuteau, Chemin Vert, bastil
34879	"Un vrai lit double, pour personne seul ou couple maximum , pas d'enfant , pas possible . Charmant studio parisien et parquet d'époque. Quartier renommé pour le film "" Rabbi Jacob"" de Louis de Funes !!!! A l'angle de la rue des Rosiers, célèbre restaurant Marianne "	"Super confort, très lumineux au 5ème étage. Pas d'ascenseur ! Mais pas un soucis ... composé d’un lit double, cuisine,sdb et salon.   A 200 m de la rue de Rivoli,du métro Saint Paul, en plein  Marais et 600 m du Centre Pompidou. Un vrai lit double, pour personne seul ou couple maximum , pas d'enfant , pas possible . Charmant studio parisien et parquet d'époque. Quartier renommé pour le film "" Rabbi Jacob"" de Louis de Funes !!!! A l'angle de la rue des Rosiers, célèbre restaurant Marianne Pompidou, Père Lachaise, Les Champs Elysées, tout cela à porter de main....... Situation exceptionnelle 5ème étage  Remise des clés sur place, par une Agence de confiance . Draps nettoyage inclus. Belles boutiques d'artisans , restaurant l bar , brasserie a gogo .  Anime  Quartier Gay le Marais , quartier juif. Pere la chaise ....... Supers restaurants authentiques Metro Saint Paul à 400 m du studio, moins de 5 minutes En plein sur Rivoli ! De la descente du TGV au logement 15 min /20min  Aéroport Char"
34880	Dreaming of a calm and warm base to take advantage, couples or solo, of one of the most beautiful areas of Paris? You are at the right place! This studio, nestled in the Castex Street, close to the bustling Place de la Bastille, is located on the 4th floor of an old friendly building. My husband and my two children, we live on the 1st floor of the building. Access to the building is secured by a digital lock, intercom and security door. There is a lift. Sleeping level, you can count on a comfortable sofa bed. The bathroom consists of a toilet and shower (towels and hair dryer will be stored in the closet:-). You will also have at your disposal a TV with DVD and internet access via Wi-Fi 24h / 24h.	Clear and quiet studio located in the lively and historic Marais district, just steps from the Place des Vosges and the Bastille. If you are single or a couple and would like to find your Parisian nest, this studio is for you! Dreaming of a calm and warm base to take advantage, couples or solo, of one of the most beautiful areas of Paris? You are at the right place! This studio, nestled in the Castex Street, close to the bustling Place de la Bastille, is located on the 4th floor of an old friendly building. My husband and my two children, we live on the 1st floor of the building. Access to the building is secured by a digital lock, intercom and security door. There is a lift. Sleeping level, you can count on a comfortable sofa bed. The bathroom consists of a toilet and shower (towels and hair dryer will be stored in the closet:-). You will also have at your disposal a TV with DVD and internet access via Wi-Fi 24h / 24h. Central, the apartment is ideally located in one of the most beaut
34881	The Paris apartment is on the top floor (4th) of a beautiful 17th century building located on the Quai de Seine. This apartment has a private elevator, however you must climb two flights of stairs to access it. Even if on the top floor, this apartment is well-ventilated. 	One of the larger Paris vacation rentals, this is a beautiful apartment in Paris, that has been fully renovated and enjoys an exceptional location and high quality amenities. Sleeps nine people. The Paris apartment is on the top floor (4th) of a beautiful 17th century building located on the Quai de Seine. This apartment has a private elevator, however you must climb two flights of stairs to access it. Even if on the top floor, this apartment is well-ventilated. One of the larger Paris vacation rentals, it has 160 sqm, on three levels, and is located on the top floor with a superb view of the river. The lift brings you to the entrance of the apartment from where you have access to the internal stairs. On the main level of the Paris apartment, there is the living room, the dining room and the kitchen. The lounge is quite large, about 50 sqm, with a splendid view down on the river. From here, 3 stairs down, is the dining room with a large marble table allowing up to 10/12 guests to have 
34882	The apartment is located on the 1st floor overlooking a courtyard , It is fully air-conditioned , You have a living room with a sofa bed in gray leather with a very comfortable bed a coffee table , an extandable dining table , a flat screen TV and international channels. The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen, is in extension of the living   It features all the appliances you want, with,  in particular,  a dishwasher and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you One bedroom overlooks the courtyard and is very quiet . It consists of a double bed, bedside tables and a large closet The second bedroom includes a large  double bed which can be separated into two beds, and is also, very quiet. The bathroom includes a closet, a very contemporary cabin shower and wash basin  Toilets are independant  The apartment is air conditioned, electric heating is a wood flooring covers the apartment 	Gorgeous apartment in a listed building in the heart of the historic Le Marais district , with very spacious, renovated by a talentuous  architect The apartment is located on the 1st floor overlooking a courtyard , It is fully air-conditioned , You have a living room with a sofa bed in gray leather with a very comfortable bed a coffee table , an extandable dining table , a flat screen TV and international channels. The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen, is in extension of the living   It features all the appliances you want, with,  in particular,  a dishwasher and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you One bedroom overlooks the courtyard and is very quiet . It consists of a double bed, bedside tables and a large closet The second bedroom includes a large  double bed which can be separated into two beds, and is also, very quiet. The bathroom includes a closet, a very contemporary cabin shower and wash basin  Toilets are independant  
34883	AMENITIES: - Cosy and comfortable apartment in a quiet residential building - Secure coded entry with individual key - Comfortable living area with flat screen television - Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV - Metro: Bastille (Lines 5, 8, 1) This beautiful and peaceful property is located in a secure and private residential building with coded access and your own individual key. This cosy apartment would be perfect for a family, as it offers all the comforts of home in a foreign city. The master bedroom has plenty of closet space and storage for all your belongings, as well as a full length mirror and bright window overlooking the interior courtyard. Sleep peacefully at night whilst still being just steps from the excitement and hustle and bustle of central Paris. The master bedroom is separated from the living area by a sliding door. The spacious living area is tastefully decorated and fully furnished with a flat screen television that has a mix of French, English and foreign language 	1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, sleeps 4 PEACEFUL APARTMENT – Private and quiet apartment steps from Place des Vosges. AMENITIES: - Cosy and comfortable apartment in a quiet residential building - Secure coded entry with individual key - Comfortable living area with flat screen television - Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV - Metro: Bastille (Lines 5, 8, 1) This beautiful and peaceful property is located in a secure and private residential building with coded access and your own individual key. This cosy apartment would be perfect for a family, as it offers all the comforts of home in a foreign city. The master bedroom has plenty of closet space and storage for all your belongings, as well as a full length mirror and bright window overlooking the interior courtyard. Sleep peacefully at night whilst still being just steps from the excitement and hustle and bustle of central Paris. The master bedroom is separated from the living area by a sliding door. The spacious livin
34884	The apartment is located on the island of St. Louis right in the center of Paris. It is four minutes walking from the backside of Notre Dame Cathedral. Several bridges connect one to either the right or the left banks of the Seine River. So that you are just a few minutes stroll to such fame places like St. Michel, Hotel De Ville, St. Germain and the Latin Quarter. Just outside your door there are many small cafes, crepe stands and restaurants to choose from, plus specialty shopping and all food provisions like bakeries, cheese shops and fresh grocers'. You may avail yourself of the apartments splendid kitchen and, of course, the most famous ice-cream shops in France (perhaps in Europe!) - The Berthillon Stores. The apartment has a beautiful decor and is located on a small quiet side street off the Seine River itself. As so much of this islands traffic is mostly pedestrian, you can be assured of a relaxing and tranquil stay in this quiet setting. The building itself is very handsome an	Well located, non smoking luxury 2 bedroom apartment that sleeps up to 6 adults on ILE St. Louis Paris (Fourth Arrondissement.) The apartment is on the First European floor. 3 night minimum stay. The apartment is located on the island of St. Louis right in the center of Paris. It is four minutes walking from the backside of Notre Dame Cathedral. Several bridges connect one to either the right or the left banks of the Seine River. So that you are just a few minutes stroll to such fame places like St. Michel, Hotel De Ville, St. Germain and the Latin Quarter. Just outside your door there are many small cafes, crepe stands and restaurants to choose from, plus specialty shopping and all food provisions like bakeries, cheese shops and fresh grocers'. You may avail yourself of the apartments splendid kitchen and, of course, the most famous ice-cream shops in France (perhaps in Europe!) - The Berthillon Stores. The apartment has a beautiful decor and is located on a small quiet side street of
34885		My flat is really quiet and very well located in Paris. You can go to the main touristic places by feet
34886	"The showroom is an apartment of 45 m2 of open space with a beamed ceiling located 3.80 meters from the ground. It is located on the 1st floor of a 18th century building without elevator. The apartment has an armored door and the building of a door code. It has two beds, one 160 cm bed and a sofa bed 140 can accommodate all four people in total. The apartment is fully equipped in terms of bed sheets, blankets, and pillows. Show the Roma is located rue Saint Martin in the 4 th arrondissement. Its location places it was close to all the attractions of central Paris. You will also find your feet all means of transport possible in Paris, RER, Metro, bus. The apartment is a 2 minute walk from the station the ""halls"", which will allow you direct access by public transportation from all airports in the capital. It has close to all the shops you need to do your shopping or an infinite number of restaurants and cafes. In terms of equipment show room has a TV with cable channels and some French c"	"The showroom is an apartment of 45 m2 of open space with a beamed ceiling located 3.80 meters from the ground. It is located on the 1st floor of a 18th century building without elevator. The apartment has an armored door and the building of a door code. It has two beds, one 160 cm bed and a sofa bed 140 can accommodate all four people in total. The apartment is fully equipped in terms of bed sheets, blankets, and pillows. Show the Roma is located rue Saint Martin in the 4 th arrondissement. Its location places it was close to all the attractions of central Paris. You will also find your feet all means of transport possible in Paris, RER, Metro, bus. The apartment is a 2 minute walk from the station the ""halls"", which will allow you direct access by public transportation from all airports in the capital. It has close to all the shops you need to do your shopping or an infinite number of restaurants and cafes. In terms of equipment show room has a TV with cable channels and some French c"
34887	Super appartement (2 pièces ) de 28 m2 situé dans un quartier unique -  Ile saint Louis, en face du fameux glacier Berthillon, à 2 min de Notre Dame, à 3 pas de St Paul et de Bastille.  Cuisine américaine équipée (Nespresso, machine à lavé, micro-onde...) // salon, salle de bain avec baignoire, chambre avec une vue sur jardin. Le petit détail qui est génial....vous entendrez certainement les oiseaux au petit matin et en aucun cas les voitures ! L'ile saint Louis est un quartier touristique avec de nombreux restaurants et des boutiques. L'appartement est sur le bas de l'ile donc plus calme et convivial que le haut ( à 100m) ce qui est fort agréable.  Linge de maison Inclus Manuel de la maison avec les bonnes adresses du quartier vous attend sur le bar Transports :  Métro  St paul, Pont Mairie, Sully Morland, Bastille (5min) 3 stations autolib aux alentours, 2 Velib, 	Super appartement (2 pièces ) de 28 m2 situé dans un quartier unique -  Ile saint Louis, en face du fameux glacier Berthillon, à 2 min de Notre Dame, à 3 pas de St Paul et de Bastille.  Cuisine américaine équipée (Nespresso, machine à lavé, micro-onde...) // salon, salle de bain avec baignoire, chambre avec une vue sur jardin. Le petit détail qui est génial....vous entendrez certainement les oiseaux au petit matin et en aucun cas les voitures ! L'ile saint Louis est un quartier touristique avec de nombreux restaurants et des boutiques. L'appartement est sur le bas de l'ile donc plus calme et convivial que le haut ( à 100m) ce qui est fort agréable.  Linge de maison Inclus Manuel de la maison avec les bonnes adresses du quartier vous attend sur le bar Transports :  Métro  St paul, Pont Mairie, Sully Morland, Bastille (5min) 3 stations autolib aux alentours, 2 Velib, 
34888	Une espace très clair avec salon et chambre séparé. Le canapé-lit donne la possibilité d’accommoder trois personnes total. La salle de bain est équipée d’une douche et machine à laver, et la cuisine d’un frigo, d’une microonde, et des plaques pour cuisiner.  A well-lit apartment with separate living and bedrooms. The living room has a convertible bed, giving the possibility of having 3 guests in total. The bathroom has a shower and a washing machine, and in the kitchen there is a refrigerator, microwave, and stovetop.	Comfortable apartment on the Île de la Cité. The perfect base for exploring Paris, you'll have a separate bedroom and living room, a kitchen and full bathroom with a washing machine. Ideal for couples, on a quiet street in a very busy neighborhood. Une espace très clair avec salon et chambre séparé. Le canapé-lit donne la possibilité d’accommoder trois personnes total. La salle de bain est équipée d’une douche et machine à laver, et la cuisine d’un frigo, d’une microonde, et des plaques pour cuisiner.  A well-lit apartment with separate living and bedrooms. The living room has a convertible bed, giving the possibility of having 3 guests in total. The bathroom has a shower and a washing machine, and in the kitchen there is a refrigerator, microwave, and stovetop. L’appartement est situé en 3eme étage et s’accède en traversant une cour intérieure charmante. Il n'y a pas d'ascenseur. C’est une ile de repos dans un quartier touristique. The apartment is situated on the third floor, accessi
34889		Fitted kitchen, TV, Wifi Located in the beating heart of Paris, in one of the oldest arrondissement. Small cafes, large plazas, spectacular terraces, and inviting French bistros provide visitors with places to sip, perch, or observe. Bordered by Notre Dame - Ile de La Cité, Saint-Paul - Ile Saint-Louis, Palais Royal, Louvre - Tuileries, Le Marais From CDG airport, RER B to Châtelet (this station is about 5 minutes on foot to the apartment) Because of my studies, this is a no smoking place, please respect it
34890	In our place, we will stay in a charming street (with restaurant & a theater) between Saint Paul & Bastille (100m from metro).  The location is in the heart of Paris. The lines 1, 5, 8 and 7 of the metro are really closed (5min walking). You can also easily go to railway stations Gares de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz. Our flat has a big living room with parquet and a modern kitchen. The sofa is convertible and comfortable. There is a bedroom and a bathroom. 	In our place, we will stay in a charming street (with restaurant & a theater) between Saint Paul & Bastille (100m from metro) Our flat is 44 sqm in a typical Parisian building with a inner courtyard.  In our place, we will stay in a charming street (with restaurant & a theater) between Saint Paul & Bastille (100m from metro).  The location is in the heart of Paris. The lines 1, 5, 8 and 7 of the metro are really closed (5min walking). You can also easily go to railway stations Gares de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz. Our flat has a big living room with parquet and a modern kitchen. The sofa is convertible and comfortable. There is a bedroom and a bathroom. You will have access to all the flat and you could ask before your arrival all you need to spend a wonderful time. You could also enjoy all our equipements: Living room = TV / Convertible sofa Cuisine = dishes / dishwasher/ microwave / washer /oven/ fridge / kettle/ coffee machine / toaster Chambre = double bed/ desk / sheet / dressing i
34891	Très bel appartement de 85 m2, clair et ensoleillé, situé au 2e étage, en plein cœur de Paris. Vous serez à 2 pas du musée Beaubourg, 5 minutes (à pieds) de Notre Dame, de l'Hôtel de Ville, de la Sainte Chapelle et tuti quanti ! L'appartement dispose de deux chambres (lits de 180 et 160) et d'un salon avec canapé, salle de bain avec baignoire / douche et tout le confort nécessaire pour que vous passiez un agréable séjour, comme à la maison (wifi, bibliothèque, musique, télévision, cuisine équipée, machine Nespresso (George Cloney est en option), lave linge, lave vaisselle, ...).	Très bel appartement de 85 m2, clair et ensoleillé, situé au 2e étage, en plein cœur de Paris. Vous serez à 2 pas du musée Beaubourg, 5 minutes (à pieds) de Notre Dame, de l'Hôtel de Ville, de la Sainte Chapelle et tuti quanti ! L'appartement dispose de deux chambres (lits de 180 et 160) et d'un salon avec canapé, salle de bain avec baignoire / douche et tout le confort nécessaire pour que vous passiez un agréable séjour, comme à la maison (wifi, bibliothèque, musique, télévision, cuisine équipée, machine Nespresso (George Cloney est en option), lave linge, lave vaisselle, ...). Frais menage Frais menage 50euros                      
34892	Very comfortable flat in the middle of the Marais, very close to the Centre Georges Pompidou. Recently renovated and fully equipped. Just a minute away from the subway station  Chatelet Les Halles. This one bedroom flat is tastefully decorated in a contemporary style.  A lovely hardwood floor is found throughout the flat.The main room  has a good size sofa, coffee table and flat screen TV. There is an open kitchen with a breakfast bar. It It is equipped with everything you need. The bedroom has a double bed and T.V. The bathroom is quite modern and has a bathtub and WC. The flat´s location is extremely central and a quick walk away from many of the major Parisian landmarks and most popular areas.  The neighbourhood of La Bastille is easily reachable on foot, as is Notre Dame de Paris and the Latin Quarter. The métro / RER station Châtelet Les Halles is one of the biggest in Paris, and is where you will find 5 métro lines and 3 RER lines.	Apartment of charm in the heart of Paris decorated tastefully and functional Very comfortable flat in the middle of the Marais, very close to the Centre Georges Pompidou. Recently renovated and fully equipped. Just a minute away from the subway station  Chatelet Les Halles. This one bedroom flat is tastefully decorated in a contemporary style.  A lovely hardwood floor is found throughout the flat.The main room  has a good size sofa, coffee table and flat screen TV. There is an open kitchen with a breakfast bar. It It is equipped with everything you need. The bedroom has a double bed and T.V. The bathroom is quite modern and has a bathtub and WC. The flat´s location is extremely central and a quick walk away from many of the major Parisian landmarks and most popular areas.  The neighbourhood of La Bastille is easily reachable on foot, as is Notre Dame de Paris and the Latin Quarter. The métro / RER station Châtelet Les Halles is one of the biggest in Paris, and is where you will find 5 
34893	"Saint Louis Island, Marais, listed building, charming furnished apartment, well equipped, cosy, sunny, 2nd floor, internet, cable TV. Saint Louis Island, apartment of charm right in the heart of the historic Paris. Ideally situated right in the heart of the historic and tourist Paris (Marais, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, Quartier Latin), this charming apartment very cosy, sunny, is situated in the 2nd floor of a classified building, with kitchen and equipped shower-room, television, music, wireless Internet. Subway, Bus, RER are very close (any stations and airports easily and quickly accessible).  The apartment is in 2 minutes on foot of the subway ""Pont Marie"" line 7.  From Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport, you will take the direct RER B until ""Saint Michel Notre Dame"" then it's in 5 minutes on foot.  From Orly Airport, you will take OrlyVal until ""Antony"" then the RER B until ""Saint Michel Notre Dame"". You are in the center of everything... The Marais, the Beach Paris (July-August), museums"	"Saint Louis Island, historic, Marais, listed building, charming furnished apartment, well equipped, cosy, sunny, 2nd floor, internet, TV. Apartment of Charm right in the heart of the historic Paris. Marais, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, Quartier Latin. Saint Louis Island, Marais, listed building, charming furnished apartment, well equipped, cosy, sunny, 2nd floor, internet, cable TV. Saint Louis Island, apartment of charm right in the heart of the historic Paris. Ideally situated right in the heart of the historic and tourist Paris (Marais, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, Quartier Latin), this charming apartment very cosy, sunny, is situated in the 2nd floor of a classified building, with kitchen and equipped shower-room, television, music, wireless Internet. Subway, Bus, RER are very close (any stations and airports easily and quickly accessible).  The apartment is in 2 minutes on foot of the subway ""Pont Marie"" line 7.  From Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport, you will take the direct RER B until ""Saint M"
34894	Located in the center of Paris on the Ile St Louis , 5 Room With Two rooms on the ground floor and two atypical spaces of the 16th century , two bathrooms, toilet two, three offices, a kitchen, a seating area , private entrance in June , very quiet.	Located in the center of Paris on the Ile St Louis , 5 Room With Two rooms on the ground floor and two atypical spaces of the 16th century , two bathrooms, toilet two, three offices, a kitchen, a seating area , private entrance in June , very quiet. Located in the center of Paris on the Ile St Louis , 5 Room With Two rooms on the ground floor and two atypical spaces of the 16th century , two bathrooms, toilet two, three offices, a kitchen, a seating area , private entrance in June , very quiet. Reactive person , listening , I will inform you with pleasure on your various demands. You are welcome internet, various services on request Metro Pont Marie, St Paul, Cardinal Lemoine, RER St Michel The Ile Saint- Louis , with the island of the City , one of two natural islands in the Seine still remaining today in Paris (now swan island is entirely artificial ) . Immediately upstream of the island of the City , it is the smaller of the two with an area of 11 ha . It takes the form of a paralle
34895	This studio provides a pleasant view on an outer courtyard. It is very bright thanks to its large windows and it is also convivial with its warm colored decoration. Located in Le Marais neighborhood, you will have many things to discover! This lovely studio is located on the 6th floor of a top-quality building. It faces south west.  The main living room consists of a comfortable sofa, a TV and storage areas as well as a dining table with 4 chairs. Separated from the lounge-dining area by a large storage area, the bedroom area is made up of a 140 cm double bed and a wardrobe. The bathroom features a washer, a shower cubicle and the toilets. For the past few years, Le Marais has been the place where artists and creators expressed themselves, led by an audience looking for new trends. Enjoy a wide variety of shops and going-out venues in the old Jewish neighborhood and its surroundings. Come and visit the places des Vosges and its legendary architectural harmony. Bus 86 Bus 87   Métro 1, 	This studio provides a pleasant view on an outer courtyard. It is very bright thanks to its large windows and it is also convivial with its warm colored decoration. Located in Le Marais neighborhood, you will have many things to discover! This lovely studio is located on the 6th floor of a top-quality building. It faces south west.  The main living room consists of a comfortable sofa, a TV and storage areas as well as a dining table with 4 chairs. Separated from the lounge-dining area by a large storage area, the bedroom area is made up of a 140 cm double bed and a wardrobe. The bathroom features a washer, a shower cubicle and the toilets. For the past few years, Le Marais has been the place where artists and creators expressed themselves, led by an audience looking for new trends. Enjoy a wide variety of shops and going-out venues in the old Jewish neighborhood and its surroundings. Come and visit the places des Vosges and its legendary architectural harmony. Bus 86 Bus 87   Métro 1, 
34896	The flat is cosy and charming with all amenities. It is on the 6th floor with no elevator: you'll enjoy all the more the view and peacefulness in the center of Paris. 	Cosy top floor studio 17m2 in Le Marais with view on Paris roofs and St Paul church. Charming nest with all amenities, you'll enjoy the Marais and walking distance from Ile Saint Louis, Bastille, Notre Dame and famous Place des Vosges.  The flat is cosy and charming with all amenities. It is on the 6th floor with no elevator: you'll enjoy all the more the view and peacefulness in the center of Paris. Get your falafel from many typical shops in rue des Rosiers and around. You'll enjoy a stroll to the Seine and ile Saint Louis when you are not going to the musée Picasso or Centre Beaubourg for modern art. Line 1 is the metro line, one of the best. Very easy and quick to take you to both sides of Paris and more.
34897	The apartment is on the 4th floor (without elevator)  1 large living room , 1 large bedroom , 1 kitchen with bar openning  to the living room 1 bathroom (shower + WC)	Very nice quiet apartment, bright and spacious, in the heart of the 11th district and near to the Marais and Canat St Martin ( between Republique and Bastille ) All necessary amenities for a pleasant stay. The apartment is on the 4th floor (without elevator)  1 large living room , 1 large bedroom , 1 kitchen with bar openning  to the living room 1 bathroom (shower + WC) The whole apartment is at your disposal with : Wifi -  TV (large screen) Dishwasher and washing machine We will be glad to give you good places to discover. We can also provide you the  itineraries to discover the 11th,  like the Marais or other Parisian districts. The 11th district is a very Parisian area full of atypical addresses that will make you travel through time ( wineries, gourmet bistros, brasseries ... ) The apartment is very well connected by metro ( 3,5,9,11,8 line) and bus.
34898	Between Place(Square) of Vosges and Bastille (subway in 1 minute), our studio is in the second floor, in a good building ( digicode ) and secure area. It has been completely renewed, with a new equipment : furniture, stick induction, microwave, refrigerator...You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. There is a large cupboard and a comfortable sofa bed for two people. We ‘ll provide linen, towels.  Shower room (with a hairdryer) and WC are separeted.  It's a very quiet studio apartment in the heart of Paris. Literally hundreds of places around to have a drink and eat (gourmet restaurants and french brasseries).You will find the real Parisian lifestyle in this elegant district, truly one of the best neighborhood for all your shopping needs !  Maxi Capacity: a couple - Surfaces: 20 m2. NO SMOKING. Code for WIFI provided. Minimum at 5 nights. It's really a very nice place to have a rest and to enjoy PARIS.  Other precisions, advices on inquiry : do not hesitate	Between Place(Square) of Vosges and Bastille (subway in 1 minute), our studio is in the second floor, in a good building ( digicode ) and secure area. It has been completely renewed, with a new equipment : furniture, stick induction, microwave, refrigerator...You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. There is a large cupboard and a comfortable sofa bed for two people. We ‘ll provide linen, towels.  Shower room (with a hairdryer) and WC are separeted.  It's a very quiet studio apartment in the heart of Paris. Literally hundreds of places around to have a drink and eat (gourmet restaurants and french brasseries).You will find the real Parisian lifestyle in this elegant district, truly one of the best neighborhood for all your shopping needs !  Maxi Capacity: a couple - Surfaces: 20 m2. NO SMOKING. Code for WIFI provided. Minimum at 5 nights. It's really a very nice place to have a rest and to enjoy PARIS.  Other precisions, advices on inquiry : do not hesitate
34899	Apartment 28 meters square On the first floor without lift Intermediate floor with a bedroom Down in the living room a sofa bed. 4 guests possible Close of Metro, QUARTIER LATIN, for 4 guests, quiet and suitable At the second floor of a typical building of old city, this very pleasant apartment, 28 square meters, is located in the heart of Saint Louis Island (4th district), close to some of the most important sites and museums in Paris. It consists of: a LIVING ROOM and fully equipped KITCHEN.one  BEDROOM with very twp comfortable single bed on intermediate floor 1.6 meters hight under celling. BATHROOM bathtub, sink;  Fully equipped with all modern conveniences: internet access WiFi , TV, telephone, washing machine etc.  The apartment is situated on the first floor. It is very safe : code at building and quiet night and day (double-glazed windows, all rooms overlook an internal sunlight courtyard).  FACILITIES : Bed linen and towels provided. Living room with a sofabed moved into a co	CHARMING, SUNNY AND COSY APARTMENT ON SAINT LOUIS ISLAND CLOSE NOTRE DAME WIFI Close of Metro, QUARTIER LATIN, for 4 guests, quiet and suitable At the first floor of a typical building of old city, this very pleasant apartment, 28 square  Apartment 28 meters square On the first floor without lift Intermediate floor with a bedroom Down in the living room a sofa bed. 4 guests possible Close of Metro, QUARTIER LATIN, for 4 guests, quiet and suitable At the second floor of a typical building of old city, this very pleasant apartment, 28 square meters, is located in the heart of Saint Louis Island (4th district), close to some of the most important sites and museums in Paris. It consists of: a LIVING ROOM and fully equipped KITCHEN.one  BEDROOM with very twp comfortable single bed on intermediate floor 1.6 meters hight under celling. BATHROOM bathtub, sink;  Fully equipped with all modern conveniences: internet access WiFi , TV, telephone, washing machine etc.  The apartment is situated on 
34900	This charming 2 bedrooms flat is located in the center of Paris in the Island St Louis, one of the most beautiful and safe neighborhoods in Paris. It is the exact center of Paris, surrouned by Notre-Dame, St Michel, St Germain, The Marais, Bastille, etc...beautiful 2 rooms on 5 th floor without elevator of a beautiful 17th century building. it benefited from two bedrooms, one with a double bed and the other with a single bed, shower room with toilet, kitchen, and living room. This is the best location in paris, you are 5 minutes walk to public transport (metro line 1 saint-paul metro line 7 sully-morland), I let my lovely cat on the spot, who will be happy to give you many hugs.	Ile St Louis in the Marais is probably the most charming and beautiful sopt of all of paris. It is literally on a Island on the Seine but surrouned by the center of the city so everything is walking distance. This charming 2 bedrooms flat is located in the center of Paris in the Island St Louis, one of the most beautiful and safe neighborhoods in Paris. It is the exact center of Paris, surrouned by Notre-Dame, St Michel, St Germain, The Marais, Bastille, etc...beautiful 2 rooms on 5 th floor without elevator of a beautiful 17th century building. it benefited from two bedrooms, one with a double bed and the other with a single bed, shower room with toilet, kitchen, and living room. This is the best location in paris, you are 5 minutes walk to public transport (metro line 1 saint-paul metro line 7 sully-morland), I let my lovely cat on the spot, who will be happy to give you many hugs. The guest has access to the entire apartment and can use anything within it. I keep excellent and immed
34901	We offer you our sofa-bed in the living room of our superb appartment localized in the heart of Paris, in the trendy and chic neighborhood  named Marais.  We will be there during you trip, indeed there is a also a bedroom in the appartment in which we sleep my girlfriend and I. We will be happy to meet you and share our differents cultures, but don't worry, we are very discrets ! Moreover, we work both during the week. The bathroom and the kitchen totally equiped are at your disposal. Bed linen and towels are provided. You can also use TV and wifi. It is a charming and very quiet flat on the 3rd floor, whose area is 43 m2.  Its central position in the heart of Paris is perfect to visit the city on foot. Just a few minutes walk from the apartment, you will find the famous museum Le Louvre, the cathedral Notre Dame de Paris, the romantic fountain Saint-Michel, Picasso Museum, Hôtel de Ville, Place des Vosges, the Seine quays, the Georges Pompidou center,  the church Saint Eustache, ...  	Exposed beams, floor tiles, walk-in shower, cute terrace, you will be charmed by this mervellous appartment localised in the very center of Paris, combining the authentic charm with modern comfort. Blow of heart assured ! We offer you our sofa-bed in the living room of our superb appartment localized in the heart of Paris, in the trendy and chic neighborhood  named Marais.  We will be there during you trip, indeed there is a also a bedroom in the appartment in which we sleep my girlfriend and I. We will be happy to meet you and share our differents cultures, but don't worry, we are very discrets ! Moreover, we work both during the week. The bathroom and the kitchen totally equiped are at your disposal. Bed linen and towels are provided. You can also use TV and wifi. It is a charming and very quiet flat on the 3rd floor, whose area is 43 m2.  Its central position in the heart of Paris is perfect to visit the city on foot. Just a few minutes walk from the apartment, you will find the fam
34902	Building erected in 1605, with oak beams and stone walls. This beautiful 28sqm accommodation is located on the 4rd floor with elevator, perfect for 3 people. It offers a large kitchen-dining room, a bedroom and a bathroom The following equipments are at your disposal:  Internet access, WiFi, double bed 140 cm wide, 60 inch television with international TV channels, electric heating, kitchen, Microwave oven with toaster, kettle, refrigerator, linen, sheets and towels, wooden floor, hob, hair dryer, towels, The 10sqm kitchen/dining room has one window facing west on the courtyard. It is equipped with a dining table with chairs. The kitchen is fully equipped and functional. The 13sqm bedroom has two double glazed windows facing East. It is equipped with a 140cm wide double bed, a closet, a 2 nightstands and an ensuite bathroom equiped with a shower, a sink, a toilet.	Beaubourg. On pedestrian and quiet street, 4th floor with elevator, renovated, big (28 sqm) and sunny, new bedding, big kitchen, double glazed windows, 60' TV, WIFI. 2 beds = 2 people +1 sofabed = 3 people, shower, big kitchen with table for 3. Building erected in 1605, with oak beams and stone walls. This beautiful 28sqm accommodation is located on the 4rd floor with elevator, perfect for 3 people. It offers a large kitchen-dining room, a bedroom and a bathroom The following equipments are at your disposal:  Internet access, WiFi, double bed 140 cm wide, 60 inch television with international TV channels, electric heating, kitchen, Microwave oven with toaster, kettle, refrigerator, linen, sheets and towels, wooden floor, hob, hair dryer, towels, The 10sqm kitchen/dining room has one window facing west on the courtyard. It is equipped with a dining table with chairs. The kitchen is fully equipped and functional. The 13sqm bedroom has two double glazed windows facing East. It is equipped
34903	Le Jardin Suspendu, dans le quartier du Marais, est le lieu idéal pour découvrir Paris, car situé au coeur de la capitale.  Nous mettons à votre disposition un appartement qui allie le charme de l’ancien et le confort contemporain : poutres, parquet, pierres apparentes et meubles de style assemblés avec goût, un véritable “chez-soi” parfaitement équipé et très confortable. Bien que nous soyons souvent absent, cet endroit est notre habitation principale. Aussi, vous bénéficierez de tous les soins que nous y avons apportés et de tous les équipements dont elle dispose. Nous espérons également vous faire partager notre goût pour les objets et le mobilier ancien.  L’appartement, de 3 pièces principales, est situé au 2ème étage sur rue et cour (avec ascenseur). Il se compose : d’une entrée, d’une grande pièce de vie, d’une chambre, d’un bureau/bibliothèque, d’une cuisine indépendante et d’une salle de bain. Particularité du lieu, les pièces principales n’ont pas de porte de séparation, afin 	Niché au cœur du Marais, ce bel appartement de 93 m2 est l’endroit rêvé pour découvrir Paris. Vous apprécierez sa décoration et son atmosphère chaleureuse ainsi que sa proximité avec de nombreux musées, boutiques, cafés et restaurants ... Le Jardin Suspendu, dans le quartier du Marais, est le lieu idéal pour découvrir Paris, car situé au coeur de la capitale.  Nous mettons à votre disposition un appartement qui allie le charme de l’ancien et le confort contemporain : poutres, parquet, pierres apparentes et meubles de style assemblés avec goût, un véritable “chez-soi” parfaitement équipé et très confortable. Bien que nous soyons souvent absent, cet endroit est notre habitation principale. Aussi, vous bénéficierez de tous les soins que nous y avons apportés et de tous les équipements dont elle dispose. Nous espérons également vous faire partager notre goût pour les objets et le mobilier ancien.  L’appartement, de 3 pièces principales, est situé au 2ème étage sur rue et cour (avec ascense
34904	Where space and light is a luxury in Paris, indulge in both in this unique listing right in the heart of Paris in the 4th arrondissement. 220m2. With skylights in the ceilings and a open floor plan, it's boutique living, furnished in a comfortable and modern style and one that is also family friendly. Sleeping up to eight people, there are 4 bathrooms and the apartment includes a decorative fireplace, laundry, dishwasher, high speed internet access, stereo system, cable television  and DVD player. The terrace is the perfect location to sit and sip an expresso as you watch Paris pass you by. Bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils are provided for all guests.	Where space and light is a luxury in Paris, indulge in both in this unique listing right in the heart of Paris in the 4th arrondissement. 220m2. With skylights in the ceilings and a open floor plan, it's boutique living, furnished in a comfortable and modern style and one that is also family friendly. Sleeping up to eight people, there are 4 bathrooms and the apartment includes a decorative fireplace, laundry, dishwasher, high speed internet access, stereo system, cable television  and DVD player. The terrace is the perfect location to sit and sip an expresso as you watch Paris pass you by. Bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils are provided for all guests.
34905	The apartment is on the top floor (7th) of a 1930s building (with elevator). It has a fantastic view of Paris including the Eiffel Tower, the Church of St. Eustache and the Pompidou Centre Beaubourg.  Beaubourg neighbourhood, this is the heart of Paris. The apartment is fully equipped, air-conditioning, highspeed internet, wifi (network), refrigerator, freezer, microwave, oven, dishwasher, concierge, intercom, washing machine. There is a queen size bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the lounge. The bathroom and equipped kitchen has recently been renovated. The building has two security doors with digital code and intercom.	The apartment is on the top floor (7th) of a 1930s building (with elevator) fantastic view of Paris including the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is fully equipped, air-conditioning, internet, refrigerator, microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine.  The apartment is on the top floor (7th) of a 1930s building (with elevator). It has a fantastic view of Paris including the Eiffel Tower, the Church of St. Eustache and the Pompidou Centre Beaubourg.  Beaubourg neighbourhood, this is the heart of Paris. The apartment is fully equipped, air-conditioning, highspeed internet, wifi (network), refrigerator, freezer, microwave, oven, dishwasher, concierge, intercom, washing machine. There is a queen size bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the lounge. The bathroom and equipped kitchen has recently been renovated. The building has two security doors with digital code and intercom.  I will be happy to answer all your questions Really, you cannot be better located in Paris, near Rambuteau and Hotel
34906	Location minimum 1 semaine Wifi 	28M2 en plein coeur du Marais Salon Salle à manger Cuisine entièrement équipée Chambre avec salle d'eau indépendante WIFI 50 mètres du métro Saint-Paul Tous Commerces Location minimum 1 semaine Wifi
34907	Spacious duplex perfectly located a few steps from metro line 1 (Hotel de Ville stop), in a building from 18th century, full of comfort and modern amenities.	Located right in the very center of Paris, in a charming side street of the historic Marais area, this apartment combines the classic Parisian charm of exposed beam architecture with the comfort and style of modern furnishings and amenities.    Spacious duplex perfectly located a few steps from metro line 1 (Hotel de Ville stop), in a building from 18th century, full of comfort and modern amenities. Full apartment with wifi, long distance calls, etc. 3rd floor without elevator. I answer my email everyday and I'm reachable on my phone anytime during my guests' stay. The building is in a beautiful and charming street in the heart of the Marais district.  The atmosphere of the Marais is unique thanks to its nice restaurants and cafés, trendy shops, beautiful squares, nice architecture. It's very safe, even at night. The closest metro stop, Hotel de Ville on line 1, is a few steps away. Numerous bus lines too.
34908	 L’appartement est très clair. Il est composé d'un séjour, une chambre à coucher, une cuisine et une salle de bains. Dans le séjour, il y a un canapé-lit, de ce fait l'appartement - idéal pour un couple - peut loger jusqu'à 3 adultes ou éventuellement 2 adultes et un ou deux enfants. Il y a un lit d'enfant disponible, sur demande. 	1 bedroom apartment and 1 living room located between Bastille and Place des Vosges Lovely apartment surrounded by typically Parisian restaurants and shops Located at 5 minutes from Metro Bastille The whole apartment will be reserved for you. The Marais is unique in Paris. It is the historical part of our city. There are good restaurants in this part of Paris and you can do your shopping easily in the Rue Saint Antoine. The metro station La Bastille is less than 5 minutes walking. There are many buses too in our area.
34909		Quartier très central.  A proximité du logement: pharmacie, boulangerie, bar-tabac, restaurants, supermarchés, parking (payant) etc. Je serais ravie d'accueillir les voyageurs qui resteront chez moi afin de leur donner les bonnes adresses du quartier et leur recommander les promenades à réaliser aux alentours.  A quelques pas de l'Hôtel de Ville, de l’Île de la Cité où s'élève la Cathédrale Notre Dame et à quelques encablures du quartier Saint Germain. Quartier où il est très agréable de se balader à pied, architecture caractéristique, nombreux restaurants et terrasses de café, ainsi que plusieurs musées à proximité. Near Metro stations Hôtel de Ville (line 1 and 11), Saint-Paul (line 1), Pont Marie (line 7), Châtelet-les-Halles (RER A) Bus 40 minutes from the Roissy and Orly airports.
34910	Note that the flat is located on the third floor without elevator and there is a large bed for two persons upstairs in the mezzanine. The kitchen is located in the living room and can be closed which is very practical. There are three windows including one which is exposed to the West, where you can directly see the sunset with a beautiful view on the roofs of Paris. The bathroom is very nice and has a roof window allowing natural light in. It is equipped with a large tub and a heating towel rail. The flat surface is approximatively 350 square feet (32 square meters).	Located at 2 minutes walking distance from Saint Paul subway station, this flat is located in the heart of the historic 4th arrondissement of Paris called Le Marais. This neighbourhood is famous for its shops, bars and fine restaurants. Note that the flat is located on the third floor without elevator and there is a large bed for two persons upstairs in the mezzanine. The kitchen is located in the living room and can be closed which is very practical. There are three windows including one which is exposed to the West, where you can directly see the sunset with a beautiful view on the roofs of Paris. The bathroom is very nice and has a roof window allowing natural light in. It is equipped with a large tub and a heating towel rail. The flat surface is approximatively 350 square feet (32 square meters). All the flat is available to guests. I won't be available to help during the stay but the neighboors are lovely and you can ask for punctual needs. This neighbourhood is famous for its sho
34911	A cozy studio in the Bastille-Marais neighborhood with a fully equipped kitchen, a well-lit room/bedroom with a large sofa-bed. The shower is quite spacious (for Paris!).	In the heart of Bastille area, near the Marais, the studio is close to museums, restaurants, bars and shops. Subway station is 1 min from the apartment! The kitchen is fully equipped and the comfy sofa-bed will guarantee you a good night's sleep. A cozy studio in the Bastille-Marais neighborhood with a fully equipped kitchen, a well-lit room/bedroom with a large sofa-bed. The shower is quite spacious (for Paris!). Guests will have the entire apartment and everything in it for their use. Feel free to email me if you with any questions. Walking walking walking! You are steps away from: Place des Vosges/Le Marais (450m) Musée Picasso (1 km) Centre Pompidou (1,6 km) Notre-Dame (1,7 km) Musée du Louvre (2,6 km) Bus, subways stops - Bastille station is just around the corner and you'll find metro lines 1, 5 and 8 - and taxis surround the location. Also you have a Vélib station in front of the building.
34912	Please read carefully the following informations regarding the reservations : - Verified and upgrade profile are required for any confirmation of reservation  - Check in and out time are flexible and depends of the schedule of reservations  - Please mention your arrival and departure time in order to organize the schedule in the best conditions - Mind to give your actual mobile phone number and to stay reachable at this number all along your trip - Prevent as soon as possible in case of late arrival , any unforeseen late arrival superior of 30min will  be charge of 40 euros  -The apartment description is very detailled, please read it totally , then if you need more feel free to ask  This 90m2 apartment located right in the center of the historical and trendy district of Le Marais, nearby the Place des Vosges and the Carnavalet Museum. Nice, comfortable calm and bright,this apartment is equipped with:   -Two bathrooms , one with a shower and toilets, the other one, spacious, with a bat	My apartment is located is the most safety and charming district of Paris , nearby the Place des Vosges and a lot of shops, museums , bars and great restaurants .The apartment is comfortable and fully equipped with all you might need during your trip Please read carefully the following informations regarding the reservations : - Verified and upgrade profile are required for any confirmation of reservation  - Check in and out time are flexible and depends of the schedule of reservations  - Please mention your arrival and departure time in order to organize the schedule in the best conditions - Mind to give your actual mobile phone number and to stay reachable at this number all along your trip - Prevent as soon as possible in case of late arrival , any unforeseen late arrival superior of 30min will  be charge of 40 euros  -The apartment description is very detailled, please read it totally , then if you need more feel free to ask  This 90m2 apartment located right in the center of the h
34913	The apartment of 50m2, is perfect for accommodating 5 guests. Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16th-17th century, on the first floor of building C, with elevator. The apartment is clean and luminous with 2 windows overlooking the very quiet courtyard. The interior design is typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams... The living room contains a large sofa convertible for 2, very easy to use and confortable like a real bed. There is also a coffee table, one flatscreen TV, a dining table and chairs.  The open kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, microwave stove, boiler, coffee machine and a toaster, dishwasher, washing machine. The bedroom has a double bed (140x200), and the bathroom is independent from the bedroom. There is a double mattress of quality on the floor of the mezzanine.  The Check In is from 3pm until 8pm and the Check Out before noon. If the place is available we could do an earlier check in from 10am. Or at l	Perfect LOCATION for Visiting Paris :  In the Pedestrian Area of Quartier Latin, near the metro and RER St Michel major line B.  The building is between Quai Saint Michel and Boulevard Saint Germain,  5 minutes by foot from Notre Dame de Paris... The apartment of 50m2, is perfect for accommodating 5 guests. Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16th-17th century, on the first floor of building C, with elevator. The apartment is clean and luminous with 2 windows overlooking the very quiet courtyard. The interior design is typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams... The living room contains a large sofa convertible for 2, very easy to use and confortable like a real bed. There is also a coffee table, one flatscreen TV, a dining table and chairs.  The open kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, microwave stove, boiler, coffee machine and a toaster, dishwasher, washing machine. The bedroom has a double bed (140x200), and the bathroo
34914	STANDING The Paris rental apartment is on the 4th floor of a grand late 19th century building. There is a live-in Gardienne (concierge) on the ground floor, an elevator and a video entry system. Due to its southerly aspect over a courtyard, the Paris apartment is both sunny and quiet. It also has air-conditioning / climate-control. LAYOUT Fully renovated and lovingly interior-designed in 2008, the Paris short term rental has been completed to an extremely high level using Pierre Frey fabrics, hand built cabinets and French antiques. It will suit up to three guests. The double bedroom is accessed from the entrance hall, and has been tastefully decorated in duck-egg blues and cream. The zip and link bed can serve either as a large American queen-size (British King) or two single beds. There is ample wardrobe space, a flat screen TV / DVD, thick drapes and sumptuous pillows. Adjacent is the living area, with the decorative antique fireplace and bespoke soft furnishings creating a cosy and	Luxurious and tranquil, this Paris short term rental flat is a haven amidst the excitement and hustle and bustle of the city centre. Fully renovated and beautifully fitted out, it is ideal for three people.           STANDING The Paris rental apartment is on the 4th floor of a grand late 19th century building. There is a live-in Gardienne (concierge) on the ground floor, an elevator and a video entry system. Due to its southerly aspect over a courtyard, the Paris apartment is both sunny and quiet. It also has air-conditioning / climate-control. LAYOUT Fully renovated and lovingly interior-designed in 2008, the Paris short term rental has been completed to an extremely high level using Pierre Frey fabrics, hand built cabinets and French antiques. It will suit up to three guests. The double bedroom is accessed from the entrance hall, and has been tastefully decorated in duck-egg blues and cream. The zip and link bed can serve either as a large American queen-size (British King) or two si
34915	"You dream of a quiet and cosy apartment to enjoy with family, one of the most beautiful areas of Paris? You're at the right place! This three-piece set in the Castex Street, close to the lively Place de la Bastille is located on the 1st floor of an old and friendly building . We live here all year, me, my husband and our two children. It is fully furnished and equipped. The windows are fitted with double glazing. Access to the building is secured by a door code, intercom and reinforced door. There is a lift. Sleeping level, you can count on:     - A double bed in the master bedroom,     - In the children's room or in the lounge, we can make you an extra bed for 1 or 2 people.     - Twin children (an early age and one crib). The accommodation consists of:      - A large living room:             Piano, convertible sofa bed,             iMac internet access, Wi-Fi 24h/24h,             TV via ADSL, CD / DVD player,             phone printer.     - Room ""parental""             Double bed 140"	"You dream of a quiet and cosy apartment to enjoy with family, one of the most beautiful areas of Paris? You're at the right place! This three-piece set in the Castex Street, close to the lively Place de la Bastille is located on the 1st floor of an old and friendly building . We live here all year, me, my husband and our two children. It is fully furnished and equipped. The windows are fitted with double glazing. Access to the building is secured by a door code, intercom and reinforced door. There is a lift. Sleeping level, you can count on:     - A double bed in the master bedroom,     - In the children's room or in the lounge, we can make you an extra bed for 1 or 2 people.     - Twin children (an early age and one crib). The accommodation consists of:      - A large living room:             Piano, convertible sofa bed,             iMac internet access, Wi-Fi 24h/24h,             TV via ADSL, CD / DVD player,             phone printer.     - Room ""parental""             Double bed 140"
34916	YES, YOU CAN :)! Visit central Paris without staying in a tiny box: this is a spacious 2-room 45m2 flat with a real living room (double sofa bed included), separate kitchen & bathroom, separate double bedroom. Enjoy the inside courtyard as well. 	"Bonjour! Enjoy the vibrant Marais district in this spacious 2-room flat (45m2). You'll be in the heart of Paris: perfect location. Fully equipped, free WiFi. The flat is very quiet: overlooking an inside courtyard, in a beautiful ancient building. YES, YOU CAN :)! Visit central Paris without staying in a tiny box: this is a spacious 2-room 45m2 flat with a real living room (double sofa bed included), separate kitchen & bathroom, separate double bedroom. Enjoy the inside courtyard as well. Free access to the whole apartment, including the fully equipped kitchen. Free WiFi. French, english and mandarin-speaking guests are all most welcome : I'd love to share my favourite hotspots with you! Experience the true parisian life - the Marais is one of the most vibrant and trendiest districts in town : packed with art and design shops, fine grocery stores, luxury and 2nd-hand typical ""friperies"" clothes shops, and a never-ending nightlife... Walking distance of Notre-Dame de Paris (10mn), BHV d"
34917	This light and bright, spacious one bedroom apartment is magnificently located on rue des Blancs-Manteaux in the Marais area of Paris.  On the second floor walk-up, the apartment offers complete peace and quiet, with a view onto a pretty cobble-stoned court-yard below. The apartment is light-filled, with 4 sets of double windows running the length of the apartment. The fully-equipped kitchen opens onto the large living room with double fold-out sofa bed, TV, WIFI and bureau.  It's a two rooms apartment, in one you'll find a a pull-out sofa for 2 people, and in the other room a queen bed for 2 people. The bedroom with the queen bed offers plenty of storage and also opens onto the courtyard below. It offers complete privacy. The bathroom is well-positioned to offer good access from both the bedroom, as well as any guests sleeping in the sofa-bed in the living room. The bathroom features a large bath. This is a very charming apartment in the heart of the Marais. Magnificently located on r	This light and bright, spacious one bedroom apartment is magnificently located on rue des Blancs-Manteaux in the Marais area of Paris.  On the second floor walk-up, the apartment offers complete peace and quiet, with a view onto a pretty cobble-stoned court-yard below. The apartment is light-filled, with 4 sets of double windows running the length of the apartment. The fully-equipped kitchen opens onto the large living room with double fold-out sofa bed, TV, WIFI and bureau.  It's a two rooms apartment, in one you'll find a a pull-out sofa for 2 people, and in the other room a queen bed for 2 people. The bedroom with the queen bed offers plenty of storage and also opens onto the courtyard below. It offers complete privacy. The bathroom is well-positioned to offer good access from both the bedroom, as well as any guests sleeping in the sofa-bed in the living room. The bathroom features a large bath. This is a very charming apartment in the heart of the Marais. Magnificently located on r
34918	My cosy, confortable and elegant flat is located on the 2nd floor with the large window of the living room looking onto a paved courtyard, in the center of Beaubourg area. This is a quiet, warm and modern apartment. The flat includes: - A living room (flat-screen TV, Freebox (wifi access), DVD player, iPod/iPad docking station...) with a double sofa-bed;  - A mezzanine bedroom with a large double bed (160x200);  - A fully equipped kitchen (Nespresso machine, oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher...) ;  - A bathroom (shower, toilets, large sink, washing machine).  Wifi access is free and unlimited. A few minutes away from the flat: - Beaubourg / Pompidou Center just across the street - Châtelet-Les Halles, Montorgueil: 2 minutes (walk) - Notre Dame Cathedral: 5 minutes (walk) - Le Marais: 5 minutes (walk) - Louvre Museum: 15 minutes (walk) - Concorde: 20 minutes (walk) - Saint-Germain: 30 minutes (walk) - Eiffel Tower: 20 minutes (metro) - La Défense: 20 minutes (RER B rail line)	Welcome in the heart of Paris where you'll be staying in my cosy modern flat located in the pedestrian shopping streets of Châtelet, just in front of Beaubourg (Pompidou Center). Ideal location to stroll along the city streets! My cosy, confortable and elegant flat is located on the 2nd floor with the large window of the living room looking onto a paved courtyard, in the center of Beaubourg area. This is a quiet, warm and modern apartment. The flat includes: - A living room (flat-screen TV, Freebox (wifi access), DVD player, iPod/iPad docking station...) with a double sofa-bed;  - A mezzanine bedroom with a large double bed (160x200);  - A fully equipped kitchen (Nespresso machine, oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher...) ;  - A bathroom (shower, toilets, large sink, washing machine).  Wifi access is free and unlimited. A few minutes away from the flat: - Beaubourg / Pompidou Center just across the street - Châtelet-Les Halles, Montorgueil: 2 minutes (walk) - Notre Dame Cathedral: 5 min
34919	We are here in the heart of the Marais, a lively area full of trendy bars, fashion shops and restaurants, where you will meet different lifestyles. It is also the native heart of Paris where Lutèce was built in the 3rd century B.C. on the Ile Saint-Louis and Ile de La Cite, on which stands the Cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris. The Marais is particularly alongside a large Jewish community, the rue des Rosiers is the main square: there are a large part of kosher restaurants and shops illustrating Jewish culture. Since 1990, an homosexual community has come to settle in the area around City Hall with a number of bars and restaurants displaying the rainbow flag, particularly in the streets near the BHV Bazar de l´Hotel de Ville. You can visit the National Museum of Modern Art Centre Georges Pompidou, the hotel Sully, the home of Victor Hugo, the Hotel de Ville... You will find at your disposal an free and unlimited Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, interna	This 36 square meters one bedroom apartment is located on rue Saint Antoine in the 4th district of Paris. It lies on the 2nd French floor without elevator. It proposes 1 living/dining room, 1 bedroom, 1 separated equipped kitchen and 1 bathroom.  We are here in the heart of the Marais, a lively area full of trendy bars, fashion shops and restaurants, where you will meet different lifestyles. It is also the native heart of Paris where Lutèce was built in the 3rd century B.C. on the Ile Saint-Louis and Ile de La Cite, on which stands the Cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris. The Marais is particularly alongside a large Jewish community, the rue des Rosiers is the main square: there are a large part of kosher restaurants and shops illustrating Jewish culture. Since 1990, an homosexual community has come to settle in the area around City Hall with a number of bars and restaurants displaying the rainbow flag, particularly in the streets near the BHV Bazar de l´Hotel de Ville. You can visit the 
34920		"This 17th century apartment has all the features of the perfect Paris getaway – massive original oak beams, red tile ""tomette"" floors dotted with Persian carpets, antique French furnishings and comfortable beds."
34921	Attached independant area which includes the room with balcony, a private bathroom and WC in a penthouse-type apartment with a 60 meters square terrace and balcony. The flat at the top of the building is very quiet, windows overviewing gardens-courtyards. The building is located in a pedestrian area, just between Beaubourg Modern Art Museum and the City Hall, at the entrance of the historical district Le Marais, 8 mn walking distance Notre Dame. Many restaurants, design and fashion shops on the street. Tube line 1 station Hotel de Ville (3 mn walking distance) which drives you in 10 mns to Le Louvre, Tuileries Park, Champs Elysées.	Very quiet flat in the center of Paris.  The area of the guest is like an attached studio with balcony leading to the top-roof large terrace. The guest has a private bathroom and WC close to the room. I allows privacy for both Gest and Host. Wireless is very good so TV can be watched from a laptop. Between Beaubourg Museum and City Hall, the building is located in a pedestrian area, the very heart of Paris with all shops of Le Marais, the more fashionable district in town. Tube station is 100m. Attached independant area which includes the room with balcony, a private bathroom and WC in a penthouse-type apartment with a 60 meters square terrace and balcony. The flat at the top of the building is very quiet, windows overviewing gardens-courtyards. The building is located in a pedestrian area, just between Beaubourg Modern Art Museum and the City Hall, at the entrance of the historical district Le Marais, 8 mn walking distance Notre Dame. Many restaurants, design and fashion shops on the 
34922	In a secure and touritic area neigbourhood You will have the chance to enjoy an apartment on the 5th floor with elevator and views with 2 balconies. The apartment has a living room with a sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and a bedroom. All the necessary for a comfortable stay. - TV - Internet - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Micro Wave - Oven	Flat of 50m2 can host 4 people, located in Paris hyper dowtown, in Marais district close to Saint Paul, is ideal for a short or long stay if you know or want discover heart of Paris. In a secure and touritic area neigbourhood You will have the chance to enjoy an apartment on the 5th floor with elevator and views with 2 balconies. The apartment has a living room with a sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and a bedroom. All the necessary for a comfortable stay. - TV - Internet - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Micro Wave - Oven You will have access to all the facilities of the apartment. The hours of check in and check out times are flexible to facilitate your arrival and departure. Dice confirming your reservation, I will certainly give you all the necessary information about the exact address, internet code, etc. I remain contactable throughout your stay if you have any trouble. Located in the center of historic Paris (Marais) A few hundred meters from the Seine.
34923	Comfortable modern & chic apartment in the heart of the Marais. The space (30 sq meters) is well organized and will fit perfectly for a couple. Designed kitchen, nice living-room, splendid bedroom with bathroom joined. The decoration is a mix of trendy furniture and warm ambiance.	"Lovely appartment in the heart of Le Marais, close from every shops and subway stations. You will love this flat, it's enterely new, all the decoration has been made to feel like in your home. So come and enjoy your stay for a day or even longer. Comfortable modern & chic apartment in the heart of the Marais. The space (30 sq meters) is well organized and will fit perfectly for a couple. Designed kitchen, nice living-room, splendid bedroom with bathroom joined. The decoration is a mix of trendy furniture and warm ambiance. You'll have always somebody to offer you help throughout your stay. You'll have always somebody to offer you help throughout your stay. Le Marais is a historic district in Paris, it hosts many outstanding buildings of historic and architectural importance. During the last ten years, the ""Rue des Rosiers"" has become notable for fashion. This street has become the meeting point for Parisians who want to eat out and shop on Sunday, Christmas, or during any off days. You"
34924	Planning to stay in the very buzzing cultural and arty centre of Paris this summer ? Look no further ! Here's a classy yet functional studio for two to easily  embark on your peregrinations in the City of Lights. The location : it'll be difficult to find a more central location than this one. The neighbourhood : Not only being central, you are in the heart of the buzzing Marais neighbourhood. The flat : A 32 square meters-flat, on a 7th floor with a panoramic view, fully-equipped and classically furnished. The library : For book lovers, this flat is somehow a gem. - The entire flat and building - Fully-equiped kitchen - Linen and extra coverlets - Laundry machine and soap - The library, stuffed with the best of 19th and 20th centuries literature in standout editions. - A solid vinyl collection - A top quality hifi - A flatscreen TV The flat is located in the middle of the Marais, a buzzing neighborhood plenty of cafes, bars, restaurants, galleries, museums, parks, sunday markets, etc. 	Looking forward to staying right in the buzzing cultural and arty centre of Paris this summer ? Look no further ! Here's a classy yet functional studio for 2 to embark on your peregrinations in the City of Lights this summer. Planning to stay in the very buzzing cultural and arty centre of Paris this summer ? Look no further ! Here's a classy yet functional studio for two to easily  embark on your peregrinations in the City of Lights. The location : it'll be difficult to find a more central location than this one. The neighbourhood : Not only being central, you are in the heart of the buzzing Marais neighbourhood. The flat : A 32 square meters-flat, on a 7th floor with a panoramic view, fully-equipped and classically furnished. The library : For book lovers, this flat is somehow a gem. - The entire flat and building - Fully-equiped kitchen - Linen and extra coverlets - Laundry machine and soap - The library, stuffed with the best of 19th and 20th centuries literature in standout editio
34925	In English  Apartment 50m2, 2 rooms  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom, and a living room with a 2 persons sofa bed and 1 sofa bed for children. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, free internet, TV. Located in the lively Le Marais area ! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  Appartement de deux pièces 50m2  sans ascenseur, une chambre avec un lit deux places de bonne qualité et un séjour avec un canapé(bonne qualité) lit deux places, une cuisine équipée, WC et salle de douche. Il dispose d'une machine à laver, sèche linge, fer à repasser, chauffages, sèche cheveux, internet illimité, TV. Important : le parking est 	Deux pièces dans le Marais, profitez de sa proximité des endroits importants à visiter, comme Notre Dame, place des Vosges et tous les cafés/restaurants de la bastille. l'appartement peut accueillir 5 personnes avec tout le confort. In English  Apartment 50m2, 2 rooms  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom, and a living room with a 2 persons sofa bed and 1 sofa bed for children. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, free internet, TV. Located in the lively Le Marais area ! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  Appartement de deux pièces 50m2  sans ascenseur, une chambre avec un lit deux places de bonne qualité et un séjou
34926	Neighborhood Insight: The apartment is located in the heart of the Latin Neighborhood (Quartier Latin), very close to the Saint-Germain Neighborhood, between the Panthéon and the Seine River's wharfs, close to the Sorbonne, to Luxembourg Garden, to Saint-Michel Square, to Saint-Louis Isle and to the cathedral Notre Dame de Paris The area is very safe and lively, you will find locally all the commodities one can need in Paris. enjoy locally a wide range of cafés, bars, shops, and small cinema revival houses. Cross the river to the Ile de la Cité and Ile Saint Louis and, of course, the Marais. Or walk up the Boulevard to the Sorbonne and the Pantheon where French luminaries are laid to rest. Don’t miss the open markets on the rue Mouffetard and Place Maubert presenting great selections of cheeses and other French goodies. Heading east, visit the Jardin des Plantes and the exquisite Grande Mosquée de Paris for a steam bath and mint tea. Anyway, you cannot dream of a better location to dis	Neighborhood Insight: The apartment is located in the heart of the Latin Neighborhood (Quartier Latin), very close to the Saint-Germain Neighborhood, between the Panthéon and the Seine River's wharfs, close to the Sorbonne, to Luxembourg Garden, to Saint-Michel Square, to Saint-Louis Isle and to the cathedral Notre Dame de Paris The area is very safe and lively, you will find locally all the commodities one can need in Paris. enjoy locally a wide range of cafés, bars, shops, and small cinema revival houses. Cross the river to the Ile de la Cité and Ile Saint Louis and, of course, the Marais. Or walk up the Boulevard to the Sorbonne and the Pantheon where French luminaries are laid to rest. Don’t miss the open markets on the rue Mouffetard and Place Maubert presenting great selections of cheeses and other French goodies. Heading east, visit the Jardin des Plantes and the exquisite Grande Mosquée de Paris for a steam bath and mint tea. Anyway, you cannot dream of a better location to dis
34927	Le charme et luxe réuni	Studio design avec 2 eme couchage situé en mezzanine  en plein coeur du marais cour classée monuments historiques.  Au dernier étage 4 èm avec escalier privé. Entièrement décoré par un architecte d'intérieur, belle cuisine américaine, douche italienne, très calme. Métro Hôtel de Ville ou st Paul.  Climatisation Le charme et luxe réuni A tous les placards ils auront une penderie avec serviette, manteau de bain ainsi que savon, champoing Oui je suis là pour toute question avec plaisir situé dans une cour classée monument historique la rue est piétonne. De nombreuses boutiques et café les plus typique du marais sont à un pas de l appartement ! Tout est à 5 Mn en se promenant dans les petites rues typique et charmantes du marais un vrai bonheur ! Metro Hôtel de Ville ( plus proche 3 Mn à pied)  ou St Paul
34928	The space is made up of a double living space with sofa/tv area and dining area. The bedroom can be converted into extra living space as there is a sliding door which separates the two rooms.  There is a window in the bedroom which gives on to the courtyard for a a breezy peacful nights sleep. . There is a separate shower room and wc. The flat is very tastefully decorated in a pastel light blue colour which gives a fresh and regal atmosphere.   The kichen has a profession gas burning stove and a super large sink for washing vetables, full size American fridge, and a washer and DRYER! Unheard of in theis counrty! Sort like a country cottage in Paris. There are paintings, prints and books which decorate the walls and shelves giving the guests plenty of interesting things to occupy themselves with whilst they relax in these privileged surroundings. 	Available is a charming 1 bedroom flat in a former royal residence in Place des Vosges.  The flat is tastefully decorated in a traditional French regal style. Located in the earliest and finest square in Paris, this place is steeped in history. The space is made up of a double living space with sofa/tv area and dining area. The bedroom can be converted into extra living space as there is a sliding door which separates the two rooms.  There is a window in the bedroom which gives on to the courtyard for a a breezy peacful nights sleep. . There is a separate shower room and wc. The flat is very tastefully decorated in a pastel light blue colour which gives a fresh and regal atmosphere.   The kichen has a profession gas burning stove and a super large sink for washing vetables, full size American fridge, and a washer and DRYER! Unheard of in theis counrty! Sort like a country cottage in Paris. There are paintings, prints and books which decorate the walls and shelves giving the guests plen
34929		Bastille
34930	Il est situé dans le quartier du Marais, 4ème arrondissement de Paris, à côté du Centre George Pompidou. 	Appartement de 30 mètres carrés pour 2, 3 ou max 4 personnes, en plein cœur de Paris à proximité de tous les principaux sites touristiques. Il est situé dans le quartier du Marais, à côté du Centre George Pompidou.  Il est situé dans le quartier du Marais, 4ème arrondissement de Paris, à côté du Centre George Pompidou.  L'appartement est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, lumineux et très calme, avec des fenêtres qui donnent sur la cour. La cuisine est entièrement équipée: kitchenette avec réfrigérateur et micro-ondes. Il y a une grande télévision écran plat (y comprises certaines chaînes étrangères). Accès internet wifi gratuit. L’appartement dispose d'un grand lit et d'un canapé-lit (2 places), le linge est fourni avec. La salle de bains avec baignoire et douche, lave linge, fer et planche à repasser, sèche-cheveux, les serviettes sont fournies avec. A proximité se trouvent l'église de Nôtre-Dame (5 minutes à pied), l'Hôtel de Ville (2 min à pied), le Centre Pompidou (à moins de 30 mètres
34931	Comfortable and bright flat, in an ideal location, offering a typically parisian vue over the roofs. I have been living many years in this one room flat, which became pretty and nicely arranged, with a fitted kitchen and bathroom recently refurbished. It's the perfect love-nest for a couple! The windows overlooking a courtyard make the nights very quiet.  Please contact me if you have any questions !  	The ideal place for a couple on holiday!        Comfortable and bright flat, in an ideal location, offering a typically parisian vue over the roofs. I have been living many years in this one room flat, which became pretty and nicely arranged, with a fitted kitchen and bathroom recently refurbished. It's the perfect love-nest for a couple! The windows overlooking a courtyard make the nights very quiet.  Please contact me if you have any questions !  Most of the time I'm here to welcome the guests, and it's a great pleasure! The area is lively and busy, with all the design and fashion shops. You will find a supermarket at the foot of the building, and many bars and restaurants nearby to make your stay easy and exciting ! Must-see places such as Notre Dame or Centre pompidou are 5 minutes-walk from there.  You can reach many transports :  - the closest is Hotel de Ville, 2 minutes-walk (metro 1 and 11) -  one station from Châtelet (metro 1, 11, 4, 7,  suburban train RER A, B – airport CDG
34932		To all of you lovers of the gorgeous island of Saint Louis in the very heart of Paris, here is a newly renovated 27sqm flat, fully furnished, comprehensive kitchen appliance, Italian shower, wifi. Very bright, it comes with a view of the Seine river.
34933	1 bedroom apartment : a large room with one double bed and a big sofa. Ideal for two people and can accommodate 3 people. Located in the second floor of an authentic Parisian building with beamed ceilings. Metro Stations:Saint Paul (Line 1), Bastille (lines 5 and 8), Sully Morland (line 7) at 2 minutes on foot. Bike Stations: 2 minutes The neighbourhood is open on Sundays and you will always be close to all the wonders of Paris , Notre Dame, the Louvre, Saint Michel... The kitchen is equipped with dishes and all the necessary utensils, a cook-top, a fridge, a coffee machine and a microwave/oven. The apartment is also equipped with a washing machine. Bed linen and towels are included in the price. WI-FI, a TV  with cable is also available. If you need more information, do not hesitate to contact me, I will be happy to answer your questions and help you spend a great time in Paris ! 	Special Price In August :) 1 bedroom apartment : a large room with one double bed and a big sofa. Ideal for two people and can accommodate 3 people. Located in the second floor of an authentic Parisian building with beamed ceilings. Metro Stations:Saint Paul (Line 1), Bastille (lines 5 and 8), Sully Morland (line 7) at 2 minutes on foot. Bike Stations: 2 minutes The neighbourhood is open on Sundays and you will always be close to all the wonders of Paris , Notre Dame, the Louvre, Saint Michel... The kitchen is equipped with dishes and all the necessary utensils, a cook-top, a fridge, a coffee machine and a microwave/oven. The apartment is also equipped with a washing machine. Bed linen and towels are included in the price. WI-FI, a TV  with cable is also available. If you need more information, do not hesitate to contact me, I will be happy to answer your questions and help you spend a great time in Paris ! 
34934	The Location of my apartment is simply my favorite in Paris : A location where it is easy to feel like a Parisian surrounded by wine shops, bakeries, supermarkets, bars, restaurants, museums, art, architecture and to have access to all others areas of Paris at a glance. You are in the street that ends to the Place des Vosges. (The Subway Stops Bastille and Saint Paul are 5 min walking distance from the apartment). The Paris bus citytour also starts from Bastille. The cosy living room with flat TV screen includes a dining table and its 6 chairs. You will enjoy a wonderful view on Paris roof, eiffel tower and Place des Vosges. You could also watch the sunset from the living room.  The fully equipped American kitchen opens onto the living room and is equipped with all your needs. (Cooking utensils, etc) + Washing machine and a dishwasher of course. The first bedroom with a large closet, is neer to the marble bathroom ( with a bass and a WC). The second bedroom is smaller but cosy, with a 	The Location of my apartment is simply my favorite in Paris : A location where it is easy to feel like a Parisian surrounded by wine shops, bakeries, supermarkets, bars, restaurants, museums, art, architecture and to have access to all others areas of Paris at a glance. You are in the street that ends to the Place des Vosges. (The Subway Stops Bastille and Saint Paul are 5 min walking distance from the apartment). The Paris bus citytour also starts from Bastille. The cosy living room with flat TV screen includes a dining table and its 6 chairs. You will enjoy a wonderful view on Paris roof, eiffel tower and Place des Vosges. You could also watch the sunset from the living room.  The fully equipped American kitchen opens onto the living room and is equipped with all your needs. (Cooking utensils, etc) + Washing machine and a dishwasher of course. The first bedroom with a large closet, is neer to the marble bathroom ( with a bass and a WC). The second bedroom is smaller but cosy, with a 
34935	Superb 36sqm one-bedroom apartment in the very center of Paris, rue Mornay in the heart of Le Marais, few minutes walk away from Bastille, l'Ile Saint Louis and La Place des Vosges. Bright living room: With wooden floor, a double sofa bed (comfortable and very easy to open), a flat screen TV on the wall and a dining table for 4.  Fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, a hob, an expresso machine, a kettle, a fridge/freezer etc... The apartment has a washing machine. Very nice bedroom with a double bed and an small private shower room. The bedroom offers lot of storage,  2 bedside lamps and an antique large mirror. The main bathroom, comes with a large italian shower, two sinks and a toilet. 	You will feel home in this superb 36sqm one-bedroom apartment, for up to 4 guests, in the very center of Paris, rue Mornay, near the River, few min walk from the Ile Saint Louis, Bastille or Place des Vosges. A great place to enjoy a great City! Superb 36sqm one-bedroom apartment in the very center of Paris, rue Mornay in the heart of Le Marais, few minutes walk away from Bastille, l'Ile Saint Louis and La Place des Vosges. Bright living room: With wooden floor, a double sofa bed (comfortable and very easy to open), a flat screen TV on the wall and a dining table for 4.  Fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, a hob, an expresso machine, a kettle, a fridge/freezer etc... The apartment has a washing machine. Very nice bedroom with a double bed and an small private shower room. The bedroom offers lot of storage,  2 bedside lamps and an antique large mirror. The main bathroom, comes with a large italian shower, two sinks and a toilet. Linen and towels are provided by a professional laund
34936		Grand deux pièces aux poutres apparentes, immeuble du XVII siècle, cosy et facile à vivre (cuisine équipée, wifi). Très calme, à deux pas de la place des Vosges, entre Bastille et Saint-Paul. Loué pour cause de départ en vacances !
34937		Studio charmant en plein coeur de Paris, sur l'île de la Cité, à côté de Notre Dame, proche du RER B direct aéroport Charles de Gaulle, métro Cité, St Michel Notre Dame et Hôtel de Ville. Lit double, kitchenette et salle de bain avec douche et WC.
34938	Un appartement très grand et tout confort. Idéal pour les couples avec enfants ou une bande d'amis (6 maximum). Vous ne trouverez pas mieux placé dans Paris.	Un appartement très grand et tout confort. Idéal pour les couples avec enfants ou une bande d'amis (6 maximum). Vous ne trouverez pas mieux placé dans Paris. A deux pas du Marais, de Notre-Dame et des grands magasins. A 100m de Châtelet, station la plus desservie de Paris (RER A/B/D, métro lignes 1/4/7/14, bus)
34939	With a great view onto the river, this apartment to rent in Paris has entirely been renovated and refurbished to ensure your own comfort and pleasure. On the second floor (EU way) of a 17th century building with no lift, secured by a code and then an intercom. It faces the Quai Bourbon. All the equipment is brand new and top quality. Everything you could dream of has come true in a wonderful Paris apartment here for you to rent… Two level apartment of 80 m2 to rent in Paris that has been recently renovated. The living area is on the lower floor with a large lounge and a superb open kitchen that is brand new. In a modern style with a superb view over the Seine, the lounge consists of two sofas and a coffee table. The sleeping area is upstairs with two bedrooms overlooking the Seine. Each bedroom has two single beds which can be put together to form double beds. The bathroom, which is absolutely gorgeous, has an independent shower and bathtub. A small laundry room, with the washer dryer,	An exceptional Paris apartment because of its perfect location, the quality of the furniture and its great rental price. It will be a dream to rent an apartment on the amazing Ile Saint Louis, a village within Paris. With a great view onto the river, this apartment to rent in Paris has entirely been renovated and refurbished to ensure your own comfort and pleasure. On the second floor (EU way) of a 17th century building with no lift, secured by a code and then an intercom. It faces the Quai Bourbon. All the equipment is brand new and top quality. Everything you could dream of has come true in a wonderful Paris apartment here for you to rent… Two level apartment of 80 m2 to rent in Paris that has been recently renovated. The living area is on the lower floor with a large lounge and a superb open kitchen that is brand new. In a modern style with a superb view over the Seine, the lounge consists of two sofas and a coffee table. The sleeping area is upstairs with two bedrooms overlooking t
34940	Description In the very central Marais District, you will be in a quiet street with many art galeries. Idealy located, this apartment will be the departure of your touristic tour in the Capitale, you can either stay in the neighborhood right next to the great Pompidou Center, or hang out in the streets surrounding to enjoy those lovely cafés and restaurants. The luxurious studio apartment is on the second floor. The parquet and visible beams in this typical Marais apartment turn it into a cozy and warmful place. The main room is composed of a living room with a sofa bed for 2 persons, a bedroom area with a queen size bed, a full equiped kitchen and a bathroom with WC. bed linens and towels are provided. Metro : Rambuteau / Chatelet – Les Halles	Description In the very central Marais District, you will be in a quiet street with many art galeries. Idealy located, this apartment will be the departure of your touristic tour in the Capitale, you can either stay in the neighborhood right next to the great Pompidou Center, or hang out in the streets surrounding to enjoy those lovely cafés and restaurants. The luxurious studio apartment is on the second floor. The parquet and visible beams in this typical Marais apartment turn it into a cozy and warmful place. The main room is composed of a living room with a sofa bed for 2 persons, a bedroom area with a queen size bed, a full equiped kitchen and a bathroom with WC. bed linens and towels are provided. Metro : Rambuteau / Chatelet – Les Halles
34941	This studio is located on the ground floor of a good standard building. Access is restricted by an intercom. This 20sqm Paris apartment has been entirely renovated and decorated just recently. It has a main room with a high quality armoir-bed. It offers a very comfortable queen size bed (160×200). When not in use it will enable you to have a living-room area to enjoy the flat TV screen or just sit with your computer (the apartment has a high speed internet access). The dining table can accomodate two guests. A kitchen corner has been installed in the main room so you will have the chance to prepare your breakfast or simple meals. Should you go out for dinner everyday, the kitchen can be hidden behind two doors to look like a simple wardrobe. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and a toilet. To conclude, this elegant pied-a-terre is perfectly located. It will be a cosy and homey stay for a visiting couple or a single person looking to rent an apartment in Paris.	Elegant 20sqm Paris studio apartment for two people to rent on Ile Saint Louis. Perfectly located and entirely renewed, this apartment will allow for an enchanting stay in Paris. This studio is located on the ground floor of a good standard building. Access is restricted by an intercom. This 20sqm Paris apartment has been entirely renovated and decorated just recently. It has a main room with a high quality armoir-bed. It offers a very comfortable queen size bed (160×200). When not in use it will enable you to have a living-room area to enjoy the flat TV screen or just sit with your computer (the apartment has a high speed internet access). The dining table can accomodate two guests. A kitchen corner has been installed in the main room so you will have the chance to prepare your breakfast or simple meals. Should you go out for dinner everyday, the kitchen can be hidden behind two doors to look like a simple wardrobe. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and a toilet. To conclude, this ele
34942	The apartment consists of: - the entrance with a dressing for entering the kitchen.  - the kitchen, separate room, ultra modern with refrigerator, microwave oven, stove, dishwasher, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and everything you need for cooking and eating. Dining area with table and 6 chairs.  - the living room: with a library, a long sofa, armchair, coffee table, rug, an HDTV, a DVD, an iPod station and Wi-Fi internet, more storage space, dressing room and a bed built of 140 cm x 200cm. - a separate bathroom with Italian shower, sink and washing machine. - the Bedroom 1 with a bed of 160cm x 200cm, an HDTV, bedside table, wardrobe and desk. - the Bedroom 2 with two single beds 90cm x 200cm, an HDTV, bedside table, wardrobe and desk.  Separated WC. The apartment is rented with linen and iron.	Nice two bedrooms apartment, 60sqm on 2nd floor with lift, completely renovated a few steps from Place des Vosges, window overlooking the street. The apartment consists of: - the entrance with a dressing for entering the kitchen.  - the kitchen, separate room, ultra modern with refrigerator, microwave oven, stove, dishwasher, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and everything you need for cooking and eating. Dining area with table and 6 chairs.  - the living room: with a library, a long sofa, armchair, coffee table, rug, an HDTV, a DVD, an iPod station and Wi-Fi internet, more storage space, dressing room and a bed built of 140 cm x 200cm. - a separate bathroom with Italian shower, sink and washing machine. - the Bedroom 1 with a bed of 160cm x 200cm, an HDTV, bedside table, wardrobe and desk. - the Bedroom 2 with two single beds 90cm x 200cm, an HDTV, bedside table, wardrobe and desk.  Separated WC. The apartment is rented with linen and iron. At 2 minutes walking distance from Place des Vo
34943	En plein coeur de Paris, situé entre St Paul, le Marais, Place des Vosges, Bastille (rue de la Roquette) et bords de Seine. Quartier animé, bars, restaurants, boutiques. Métro ligne 1, 5, 8 et de nombreux bus. A 5 mn à pieds de Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis et quartier Latin, Saint Germain des Prés en longeant la Seine et musée Picasso, musée Carnavalet. A 10 mn de Beaubourg, place du Châtelet, les Halles. A 5 mn en métro du musée du Louvre, place de la Concorde, Madeleine, Champs de Mars, Tour Eiffel. Vous serez séduit par son emplacement central dans la Capital.	En plein coeur de Paris, situé entre St Paul, le Marais, Place des Vosges, Bastille (rue de la Roquette) et bords de Seine. Quartier animé, bars, restaurants, boutiques. Métro ligne 1, 5, 8 et de nombreux bus. A 5 mn à pieds de Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis et quartier Latin, Saint Germain des Prés en longeant la Seine et musée Picasso, musée Carnavalet. A 10 mn de Beaubourg, place du Châtelet, les Halles. A 5 mn en métro du musée du Louvre, place de la Concorde, Madeleine, Champs de Mars, Tour Eiffel. Vous serez séduit par son emplacement central dans la Capital. 1 chambre avec lit double 1 chambre avec lit 1 place 1 chambre avec 1 lit superposé = 2 couchages 1 cuisine équipé (machine à laver et lave vaisselle). 1 petite salle de bain mais très fonctionnel avec WC (très grande douche). En arrivant vous serez accueilli par moi même, je vous remettrai 1 clé en mains propre et vous présenterai l'appartement.  Profiter des nombreux bars, restaurants, musées, boutiques …. Facilités de se pro
34944	Located in one of the most fashionable areas of the city with museums, art galleries, shopping, historical architecture and beautiful parks at your doorstep, this stylish penthouse studio is a true gem. It has the rare combination of being located in the heart of the city, in the oldest and best preserved neighborhood in Paris, and on the 6th and top floor with an elevator (up to the 5th floor) of a beautiful building which gives the apartment sweeping views over the rooftops of Paris and of numerous monuments in the distance. The street the apartment is on dates to the 1100s and is considered one of the most historic and beautiful medieval streets in the city, even by high Parisian standards. The apartment is air-conditioned, with an equipped kitchenette and modern bathroom. The apartment has been fully renovated: the bathroom, kitchen, and all the appliances are modern and of the highest quality, while the original elements of the apartment have been carefully and meticulously restor	A beautiful penthouse apartment with sweeping rooftop views located in the heart of the Marais that combines historic beauty with every modern convenience, including an elevator (rare in this neighborhood) and air-conditioning. Located in one of the most fashionable areas of the city with museums, art galleries, shopping, historical architecture and beautiful parks at your doorstep, this stylish penthouse studio is a true gem. It has the rare combination of being located in the heart of the city, in the oldest and best preserved neighborhood in Paris, and on the 6th and top floor with an elevator (up to the 5th floor) of a beautiful building which gives the apartment sweeping views over the rooftops of Paris and of numerous monuments in the distance. The street the apartment is on dates to the 1100s and is considered one of the most historic and beautiful medieval streets in the city, even by high Parisian standards. The apartment is air-conditioned, with an equipped kitchenette and mo
34945	our flat is really nice and in the best area in paris, when you're go out, you can find all you like, and there are bar restaurant and  club everywhere! and when you are on the flat is really peacefull! there is a first room, open kitchen and livingroom, and a second room for work and dressing with a bathroom with bath. and a mezzanine for the bedroom! every room had light because they have big french windows. is equiped with all that thinks, we have already to live ( washing machine, tumble- dryer...) it makes difference than an impersonnal hotel. we live near 4 differents metro lines, and if you don't like underground, you can make what you like, (website hidden) 5 minutes of Pompidou museum, 10 minutes to the Louvre, 5 min to the Seine river. it's really wonderfull to discover the city and the area of Marais, is like a small village in the center of Paris! We love our flat, and where it is!!!!!!!! 	our flat is really nice and in the best area in paris, when you're go out, you can find all you like, and there are bar restaurant and  club everywhere! and when you are on the flat is really peacefull! there is a first room, open kitchen and livingroom, and a second room for work and dressing with a bathroom with bath. and a mezzanine for the bedroom! every room had light because they have big french windows. is equiped with all that thinks, we have already to live ( washing machine, tumble- dryer...) it makes difference than an impersonnal hotel. we live near 4 differents metro lines, and if you don't like underground, you can make what you like, (website hidden) 5 minutes of Pompidou museum, 10 minutes to the Louvre, 5 min to the Seine river. it's really wonderfull to discover the city and the area of Marais, is like a small village in the center of Paris! We love our flat, and where it is!!!!!!!! 
34946	Less than a 5-minute walk to Saint-Paul metro station and gorgeous Place des Vosges, this recently renovated, stylish apartment faces a quiet internal courtyard within a historic Marais building. New designer furniture and equipment complement the spacious 45m2 creating a chic yet comfortable atmosphere. This quiet, spacious haven will ensure a truly memorable stay in Paris. The 1-bedroom, 45m2 apartment is open-planned and spacious with original beam work on the ceiling. The renovations were completed in 2012 and it’s been filled with stylish and comfortable furniture, as well as all the equipment you might need in your home away from home. Some examples include: 107cm flat screen TV, Bose docking station, Nespresso coffee machine, Kartell chairs and table, washing machine/dryer, dishwasher, and a fabulous disco shower! All services such as WiFi, telephone calls (local, and many international locations), cable television (127 channels), and assistance from a professional apartment man	Less than a 5-minute walk to Saint-Paul metro station and gorgeous Place des Vosges, this recently renovated, stylish apartment faces a quiet internal courtyard within a historic Marais building.  Less than a 5-minute walk to Saint-Paul metro station and gorgeous Place des Vosges, this recently renovated, stylish apartment faces a quiet internal courtyard within a historic Marais building. New designer furniture and equipment complement the spacious 45m2 creating a chic yet comfortable atmosphere. This quiet, spacious haven will ensure a truly memorable stay in Paris. The 1-bedroom, 45m2 apartment is open-planned and spacious with original beam work on the ceiling. The renovations were completed in 2012 and it’s been filled with stylish and comfortable furniture, as well as all the equipment you might need in your home away from home. Some examples include: 107cm flat screen TV, Bose docking station, Nespresso coffee machine, Kartell chairs and table, washing machine/dryer, dishwasher,
34947	Appartement 2 pieces au tout centre de Paris, entre le pont Marie et l'Hotel de Ville,  en plein Marais. Entierrement equipé, aproximté tout les moyen de transport. Un vrai charme Parisien 	Appartement 2 pieces au tout centre de Paris, entre le pont Marie et l'Hotel de Ville,  en plein Marais. Entierrement equipé, aproximté tout les moyen de transport. Un vrai charme Parisien 
34948	Charming apartment in XVII century building wooden beam, old tiled floor.  The 4th floor without elevator along a staircase historic character.  The apartement is 65 sqm. It has a living room and an open kitchen with a bar. It consists of 2 bedrooms, and a small bedroom opening onto the living room,(hided with curtains), a bathroom and a separate WC.  Each bedroom has a bunk bed and a sofa single bed, the small bedroom has a double bed 1.60 meters wide The flat has a cosy living room with a piano, paintings, TV, fully equipped kitchen, nice little bathroom.	"    We are situated at the heart of historic Paris between the place(square) of Vosges and Philippe Auguste's surrounding wall, just a step from banks of the Seine in a quiet and trading street. Just near ligne 1 of subway to go to ""The Champs Elysées""    Charming apartment in XVII century building wooden beam, old tiled floor.  The 4th floor without elevator along a staircase historic character.  The apartement is 65 sqm. It has a living room and an open kitchen with a bar. It consists of 2 bedrooms, and a small bedroom opening onto the living room,(hided with curtains), a bathroom and a separate WC.  Each bedroom has a bunk bed and a sofa single bed, the small bedroom has a double bed 1.60 meters wide The flat has a cosy living room with a piano, paintings, TV, fully equipped kitchen, nice little bathroom. Apartment ideal for 4 , but we can receive to 6 persons I will be present to give you the key of the appartement You are situated at the heart of historic Paris between the place(s"
34949		Je vous propose un petit loft dans le marais idéalement situé dans le centre de Paris (Saint Paul-Bastille). Le logement est composé d'un lit deux places en mezzanine ainsi que d'un canapé deux places convertibles. :)
34950	This 110sqm apartment is located on the 5th floor of a beautiful building located in rue Pavée. There is an elevator in the building. There is a living, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a kitchen. The apartment is perfect for up to 5 people. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, stereo, international TV channels, gas heating, underfloor heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, Blu-Ray, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television The bright 35sqm living/dining room has 3 windows facing North. There is 2 sofas, a table with chairs, a bookcase. The floor is wooden and there is a beautiful balcony. The first bedroom of 20 sqm has 3 windows, a 180cm wide bed, a closet, a nightstand and a balcony with a quiet street view. The second 13sqm bedroom has one window, a 140cm wide bed, a closet and 	This 110 sqm apartment is located on the 5th French floor of an old authentic Parisian building in a very quiet an typical street of the 4th district of Paris known as le Marais. - Saint-Paul. It is furnished with contemporary furniture.  This 110sqm apartment is located on the 5th floor of a beautiful building located in rue Pavée. There is an elevator in the building. There is a living, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a kitchen. The apartment is perfect for up to 5 people. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, stereo, international TV channels, gas heating, underfloor heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, Blu-Ray, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television The bright 35sqm living/dining room has 3 windows facing North. There is 2 sofas, a table with chairs, a bookcase. The floor i
34951		Belle et grande chambre double dans un appartement de 120 mètres carrés en plein coeur de Paris. Profitez d'un grand confort et d'un accueil chaleureux à deux pas des plus beaux quartiers de la ville. 
34952	On the second floor, for 5 guests , located in the hearth of THE MARAIS , at least 100 meters of subway saint Paul, in typical building from old town of Paris, One bedroom, one bathroom, one living room. Bedding arrangement : One bedroom with a large bed + bathroom in suite and a dressing. One living room with a sofa bed with very good mattress 140*200 cm and one single sofa bed for one guest. Kitchen full equipped with stove, microwave, caffe machine, kettle, fridge, washing and dryer machine. Apartment on Rue du Roi de Sicile and Rue Ferdinand. Quiet and very sunlight with lot of windows.	On the second floor, located at 500 meters of Places des Vosges, Island of Saint Louis, just near street des Rosiers, at least 100 meters of subway saint Paul, in typical building from old town of Paris, One bedroom, one bathroom, one living room On the second floor, for 5 guests , located in the hearth of THE MARAIS , at least 100 meters of subway saint Paul, in typical building from old town of Paris, One bedroom, one bathroom, one living room. Bedding arrangement : One bedroom with a large bed + bathroom in suite and a dressing. One living room with a sofa bed with very good mattress 140*200 cm and one single sofa bed for one guest. Kitchen full equipped with stove, microwave, caffe machine, kettle, fridge, washing and dryer machine. Apartment on Rue du Roi de Sicile and Rue Ferdinand. Quiet and very sunlight with lot of windows. The Marais district is a historical district of Paris located in the hearht of PARIS, on the right bank of the Seine River. The Marais extends between the 
34953	The little streets to the north of Notre-Dame have retained some flavor of the past. Among them is Rue des Ursins, which was largely spared by Haussmann's transformation of Paris. You may think you can feel a kind of feudal atmosphere. The apartment is located at No 19, just on the corner with rue de La Colombe.  This very charming studio apartment can accommodate two people. It is furnished with a very confortable sofa bed, a dining table, a desk, 4 chairs, a large cupboard, a chest of drawer. The kitchen is equipped with electric cook top, oven/microwave, fridge, washing machine, coffee maker, kettle,toaster, all kitchen utensils, etc. The bathroom has washbasin, shower cabin, dry towels and hair dryer. There is a wc toilette room.  The apartment provides wifi internet connection and free telephone phone calls for European landlines phones and for Usa and Canada Our reception team will receive the guest at the apartment and will assist them during their stay. Notre Dame is the most v	The little streets to the north of Notre-Dame have retained some flavor of the past. Among them is Rue des Ursins, which was largely spared by Haussmann's transformation of Paris. You may think you can feel a kind of feudal atmosphere. The apartment is located at No 19, just on the corner with rue de La Colombe.  This very charming studio apartment can accommodate two people. It is furnished with a very confortable sofa bed, a dining table, a desk, 4 chairs, a large cupboard, a chest of drawer. The kitchen is equipped with electric cook top, oven/microwave, fridge, washing machine, coffee maker, kettle,toaster, all kitchen utensils, etc. The bathroom has washbasin, shower cabin, dry towels and hair dryer. There is a wc toilette room.  The apartment provides wifi internet connection and free telephone phone calls for European landlines phones and for Usa and Canada Our reception team will receive the guest at the apartment and will assist them during their stay. Notre Dame is the most v
34954	"This lovely apartment is in the center of Paris, in the famous Marais district. It is comfortable, quiet and tastefully decorated. You will quickly feel at home with natural light, its many windows, exposed beams and fireplace. This apartment features: - 1 bedroom with a double bed, - 1 guest bedroom with 2 single beds, - 1 spacious living room with a double sofa bed, - 1 functional and well equipped kitchen where you can cook easily, - 1 bathroom with shower and bath, - 1 WC separate toilet. The bright living room: The huge living room is very cozy with couches for relaxation, its library, and space for dining or desk. For leisure, you have a TV screen with international channels, Home Cinema with DVD player and wireless Internet access. The Rooms: - The ""master"" bedroom has a double bed, chest of drawers and cupboards. - The second bedroom has two separate single beds each person, cupboards and a wardrobe. The separate kitchen is equipped with all modern facilities to cook for a whol"	Superb 3-room apartment, located in the center of Paris. Quiet, bright, comfortable and nicely decorated. Walking tour of museums, art galleries, fashion boutiques, restaurants ... Easy connection with airports, rail and underground. This lovely apartment is in the center of Paris, in the famous Marais district. It is comfortable, quiet and tastefully decorated. You will quickly feel at home with natural light, its many windows, exposed beams and fireplace. This apartment features: - 1 bedroom with a double bed, - 1 guest bedroom with 2 single beds, - 1 spacious living room with a double sofa bed, - 1 functional and well equipped kitchen where you can cook easily, - 1 bathroom with shower and bath, - 1 WC separate toilet. The bright living room: The huge living room is very cozy with couches for relaxation, its library, and space for dining or desk. For leisure, you have a TV screen with international channels, Home Cinema with DVD player and wireless Internet access. The Rooms: - The 
34955	The 35 square meter, one-bedroom accommodation is located on the 2nd floor of a nice brick building built in 1906. It is secured by a digital code for entering the building, followed by an intercom for opening the stair door. It is made up with a bright living room with a double sofa bed, a flat screen TV and a height adjustable table with 4 chairs. The kitchen is fully equipped and opened to the living room area. The bedroom has a comfortable queen-size bed. The bathroom is complete with a wide shower and water massage system. Toilets are separated. An exceptional apartment in a very central area for a successful stay in the “City of Lights”.	Welcome to the residential area of Le Marais located in the outstanding 4th district of Paris. It is the heart of Old Paris, with plenty of middle age monuments to visit. With all the nearby amenities (shops, cafes, museums, metro), you will feel like a true Parisian for an unforgettable stay in Paris. The apartment is located in rue Beautreillis, a quite street at 5 minutes walking distance from Place des Vosges, Ile Saint-Louis, Place de la Bastille, rue Saint-Antoine and rue de Rivoli The 35 square meter, one-bedroom accommodation is located on the 2nd floor of a nice brick building built in 1906. It is secured by a digital code for entering the building, followed by an intercom for opening the stair door. It is made up with a bright living room with a double sofa bed, a flat screen TV and a height adjustable table with 4 chairs. The kitchen is fully equipped and opened to the living room area. The bedroom has a comfortable queen-size bed. The bathroom is complete with a wide shower
34956	You've got a great view on the tour Saint Jacques and the Parisian Theatre du Chatelet from the living room. It is the perfect place if you want some unique and refined setting in the center of paris, there are lovely restaurants, cafes and bars all around this area. The flat has a big living room with a small balcony and fireplace, a bedroom with a double bed and a spare mattress to put in the living room. A fully renovated bathroom and kitchen with a separate toilet. the apartment is on the 3rd floor with no elevator. I have a very sweet english speaking cleaning lady who is happy to come during your stay. 12 Eur an hour, min 2 hours. LOCATION: Marais, Tour Saint-Jacques and Seine 5 minutes walk to the famous Louvre , Note Dame, Ste Chapel or Pompidou Museum. 10 min walk to Picasso Museum, Ile Saint Louis, Jardin Toullerie, Beaubourg or Pont Neuf. 15-20  min to the Place des Vosges , Opera, Opera Bastille,  Jardin des Plantes, latin quarter or Saint Germain EQUIPPED: Living room: Hig	"75sqm + balcony Discover this great furnished apartment located in heart of the historic "" Le Marais""  Paris (4) right by the river, its perfect for a romantic or family stay in a Parisian atmosphere.  You've got a great view on the tour Saint Jacques and the Parisian Theatre du Chatelet from the living room. It is the perfect place if you want some unique and refined setting in the center of paris, there are lovely restaurants, cafes and bars all around this area. The flat has a big living room with a small balcony and fireplace, a bedroom with a double bed and a spare mattress to put in the living room. A fully renovated bathroom and kitchen with a separate toilet. the apartment is on the 3rd floor with no elevator. I have a very sweet english speaking cleaning lady who is happy to come during your stay. 12 Eur an hour, min 2 hours. LOCATION: Marais, Tour Saint-Jacques and Seine 5 minutes walk to the famous Louvre , Note Dame, Ste Chapel or Pompidou Museum. 10 min walk to Picasso Mus"
34957	Located on the second floor of an historical building typical of central Paris, this apartment overlook the former private mansion which now houses the French National Archives, providing a wonderful view. The furnished apartment is exceptionally light, and combines a large living space with modern features to ensure a successful stay in the heart of Paris. The contemporary furniture is a perfect match for the clean, classical lines of the rooms. The large living room has a sofabed sleeping one person, an armchair, a TV and a large dining table. The apartment also includes a High speed wi-fi connexion. An excellent fully-equipped kitchen includes everything you need to make your own meals. There are a further two bedrooms, each with plenty of storage and a comfortable double bed. The bathroom has a large shower and the toilet is in a separate room.	Beautiful two-bedroom furnished apartment in an ideal location opposite the National Archives in one of the Marais’ finest hôtels particuliers. Located on the second floor of an historical building typical of central Paris, this apartment overlook the former private mansion which now houses the French National Archives, providing a wonderful view. The furnished apartment is exceptionally light, and combines a large living space with modern features to ensure a successful stay in the heart of Paris. The contemporary furniture is a perfect match for the clean, classical lines of the rooms. The large living room has a sofabed sleeping one person, an armchair, a TV and a large dining table. The apartment also includes a High speed wi-fi connexion. An excellent fully-equipped kitchen includes everything you need to make your own meals. There are a further two bedrooms, each with plenty of storage and a comfortable double bed. The bathroom has a large shower and the toilet is in a separate r
34958	Spacious 50 Sq meter apartment with large windows facing a beautiful courtyard.  Comfortable bedroom and big pull out couch in the living room with plenty of space.  Full service kitchen (oven, stove, boiler) and all cooking and eating amenities.  	Large, comfortable apt located in the heart of the Marias on a quiet street in the 4ème Centrally located.  5 mins walk to Bastille, Place de Vosges, Île Saint-Louis, & more Next door to Jim Morrison's old apartment. Spacious 50 Sq meter apartment with large windows facing a beautiful courtyard.  Comfortable bedroom and big pull out couch in the living room with plenty of space.  Full service kitchen (oven, stove, boiler) and all cooking and eating amenities.   There will be two different coded doors which I will give you the access codes after booking.  The apartment is on the 4th floor and has easy elevator access. Depending if I am in town during your check-in, I will be happy to help you as much as possible and point you to all the amazing places close by.   If I'm not in town, I will have a key ready for you to get into the apartment, and will leave guide books and directions to some great bars and restaurants close by. Beautreillis is a tiny little street in the 4th Arrondissemen
34959	Very central	Very good situation as you could see on the map. I can give you the precise address anytime. There is one bedroom with a bed for two adults and dressing, one living room with an open kitchen and of course a bathroom with shower and wc. Very central It is on the 3rd floor with 1 entresol. There is no elevator. Anytime you need.  Everything is near. It is the historical Paris , mix between the Old and fashion. There is Le louvre museum very close and the modern one with Beaubourg just behind. Plenty restaurants and bars with large terrace where you can take time to see people living. You may want to come again !!!! It's direct from both airport or train station. To any Parisian you ask , everybody knows the quarter/street where you will stay. It is really very central. 
34960	1 bedroom flat on the ground floor, 377 sq feet this property is perfect for up to 3 persons. Refurbished in March 2012, this flat provides you all accomodations you require : All equipped open kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, fridge, fan, ceramic plates, coffee machine, kettle. Living room contains a window  : convertible sofa for 1 person, dining table with chairs, screen flat television with cable channels, DVD player, Hifi system, a phone with unlimited calls with fixed line to 120 countries including US, free wifi internet access In the bedroom you can find : a double bed (140x190) with a large cupboard.  Bathroom is equipped with a shower, washbasin, hair dryer and separate toilets with drying and washing linen machine. 	Located in the heart of the city, your 1 bedroom flat is on Rue De Bretonvilliers in the 4th district of Paris in an 18th century historical building a very quiet street in the heart of the famous Ile Saint Louis.  1 bedroom flat on the ground floor, 377 sq feet this property is perfect for up to 3 persons. Refurbished in March 2012, this flat provides you all accomodations you require : All equipped open kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, fridge, fan, ceramic plates, coffee machine, kettle. Living room contains a window  : convertible sofa for 1 person, dining table with chairs, screen flat television with cable channels, DVD player, Hifi system, a phone with unlimited calls with fixed line to 120 countries including US, free wifi internet access In the bedroom you can find : a double bed (140x190) with a large cupboard.  Bathroom is equipped with a shower, washbasin, hair dryer and separate toilets with drying and washing linen machine. Nearest metro station : SULLY MORLAND  Keys ar
34961	This elegant, spacious 3 bedroom apartment brings together modern style with old world comfort. Centrally located in the heart of Paris’s Marais district, this apartment is just a 5 minute walk from Place de la Bastille  and the Seine River and Place des Vosges.  Fairly recently renovated, fully furnished,this apartment offer 3 bedroom:  -The first bedroom has a queen bed, which accommodates 2 people  -The second bedroom has two double bed, which accommodates 2 people(4 maximum) -The third bedroom has two single bed, which accomodates 2 people The apartment has 2 bathroom: -A private bathroom for the third bedroom -A common bathroom for the first and second room This property includes high speed wifi internet, flat panel TVs with 150 channels and  large sofas. There is a full kitchen, washer/dryer. The apartment is located on the first floor in a quiet and beautiful building. Steps away from many fun boutiques, wonderful restaurants, bakeries, and park (place des vosges).  Also grocery	This elegant, spacious 3 bedroom apartment brings together modern style with old world comfort. Centrally located in the heart of Paris’s Marais district, this apartment is just a 5 minute walk from Place de la Bastille  and the Seine River and Place des Vosges.  Fairly recently renovated, fully furnished,this apartment offer 3 bedroom:  -The first bedroom has a queen bed, which accommodates 2 people  -The second bedroom has two double bed, which accommodates 2 people(4 maximum) -The third bedroom has two single bed, which accomodates 2 people The apartment has 2 bathroom: -A private bathroom for the third bedroom -A common bathroom for the first and second room This property includes high speed wifi internet, flat panel TVs with 150 channels and  large sofas. There is a full kitchen, washer/dryer. The apartment is located on the first floor in a quiet and beautiful building. Steps away from many fun boutiques, wonderful restaurants, bakeries, and park (place des vosges).  Also grocery
34962	Appartement Cosy typique Parisien en plein coeur du Marais Très calme au coeur d'un quartier chargé d'Histoire & de Vie ! Proximité de commerçants & transports , vie de quartier, sites touristiques	Attractive two rooms apartment of 40m2 in the heart of the Parisian district of Le Marais. You will be in full center of Paris in the greatest district but in an extremely quiet apartment. The ideal for a week of discovery of Paris ! The area is a real happiness for romantic holidays, between friends, in family, ... This district is a Parisian typical accommodation quarter! Possibility of visiting historic places, of living at night, to go shopping, to take advantage of good  Parisian restaurants... Metro station St Paul or Hôtel de Ville
34963	The 55 m2 apartment is composed of a quiet room with a comfortable bed (width: 160cm), a bright and trendy living room, a functional and fully equipped kitchen , a bathroom and separated toilets.	"Ideally located between ""Bastille"", the ""Marais"" and ""Saint Louis"" island you will feel home in this trendy 55m2 apartment. It's one of the best place to visit the city and experience the real Parisian life! Perfect for a romantic weekend!    The 55 m2 apartment is composed of a quiet room with a comfortable bed (width: 160cm), a bright and trendy living room, a functional and fully equipped kitchen , a bathroom and separated toilets. You will find all the amenities you need for a pleasant stay and a WIFI access. We are at your disposal if you need further information about the apartment or Paris in general, and will be glad to share our tips with you! Between ""Bastille"", famous for its bars and restaurants, the ""Marais"" and its trendy shops, the historical ""Saint Louis"" island and the ""Arsenal"" marina where it's nice to wander, you will get some peace and quiet after returning home. The neighborhood is also perfectly safe. The apartment is very well served by public transport as it is"
34964	"independent apartment entirely renovated on the second floor (elevator) of an ancient building from the middle of the eighteenth century. View on a quiet courtyard. Including a bedroom with a comfortable double bed (140x200). Linens and towels are furnished and changed every week. A large bathroom with a cabin shower and  washing and drying machines. A fully equipped open kitchen , including fridge, :dishwasher, large electrical oven , hotplates and microwave and a complete set of tools and dishes and also kettle, toaster and coffee maker. All modern amenities and conveniences to prepare your own ""french cooking"" and a foldable large table to appreciate it. A pretty cosy living room with a sofa , free DSL WI-FI internet and TV set  are available ."	"This apartment is ideally located between the  Bastille and St Paul metro stations, in the famous ""Marais"" quarter probably one of the most wanted neighboorhoods in Paris. Ile St louis and Ile de la cité (notre Dame) are only 5 to 10 minutes on foot independent apartment entirely renovated on the second floor (elevator) of an ancient building from the middle of the eighteenth century. View on a quiet courtyard. Including a bedroom with a comfortable double bed (140x200). Linens and towels are furnished and changed every week. A large bathroom with a cabin shower and  washing and drying machines. A fully equipped open kitchen , including fridge, :dishwasher, large electrical oven , hotplates and microwave and a complete set of tools and dishes and also kettle, toaster and coffee maker. All modern amenities and conveniences to prepare your own ""french cooking"" and a foldable large table to appreciate it. A pretty cosy living room with a sofa , free DSL WI-FI internet and TV set  are avai"
34965	A Very Trendy Studio filled with warmth and comfort in the heart of Paris. An inspiring decors that adds magic to your vacation experience! 	A Trendy studio located in Le Marais, a hot spot in Paris embraces comfort & design. This Studio allows guest to feel like they are part of the city and not just a visitor!  A Very Trendy Studio filled with warmth and comfort in the heart of Paris. An inspiring decors that adds magic to your vacation experience!  Free Wifi and Cable TV available I provide my guests with clean towels and linens I am always available for my guests This studio-style apartment is in the district of the Marais which is in the heart of Paris. In a few steps, you reach Notre Dame, the Pompidou Centre, the Ile Saint-Louis, City Hall, Place des Vosges, the Picasso Museum and the historic streets of the Marais, the Mecca of fashion , gastronomy and nightlife. To reach the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, the Latin Quarter, simply take a short walk along the banks of the mythical Seine.
34966	I always dreamed of a pied-a-terre in Paris....et voila! I want to share this lovely place.   Best part has to be the location - smack bam in the middle of Paris!	Lovely apartment with fully-equipped kitchen and bathroom and a bathtub in the 5th arrondisment by Notre Dame.   Double bed - suitable for a couple.  Great base for exploring Paris - central location close to everything.   I always dreamed of a pied-a-terre in Paris....et voila! I want to share this lovely place.   Best part has to be the location - smack bam in the middle of Paris! I'll be 2 doors and always a phone call away - anything you need, I'm here.  I know how hard it came me find anything in a foreign country - ER room at 1am, anything open on a Sunday (our food stores actually are!), etc...  I've lived in almost every arrondisment in Paris & I've settled here.  This is by far my favorite - awesome location, everything you need close by (swimming pool & gym, running along the Seine, best cafes with wi-fi).  Most important - the people.  It is like a small village on these few quiet roads and everyone is super friendly. RER Saint Michel, Metro Maubert Mutalite, Bus, Scooter hi
34967	Very well located in the center of Paris, in the heart of Le Marais! we are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !! Situé en plein cœur du Marais, connu pour ses nombreux bars et restaurants, au deuxième étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien EXTREMEMENT bien placé .Cet appartement LUXUEUX a été complètement REFAIT avec gout par un Architecte.  Il se situe au cœur de la capitale et permet de se rendre à de nombreux pôles de paris comme le Louvre, bastille, saint germain, Montorgueuil, les halles et opéra à moins de 15 mn à pieds. A moins de 2 minutes du métro.	It’s a lovely, clean and super comfortable apartment maintained to a high standard, perfect for a couple or a single traveler.  Apartment decorated by an architect with upscale furnishings and quality. Ideal apartment for a short or long stay. Very well located in the center of Paris, in the heart of Le Marais! we are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !! Situé en plein cœur du Marais, connu pour ses nombreux bars et restaurants, au deuxième étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien EXTREMEMENT bien placé .Cet appartement LUXUEUX a été complètement REFAIT avec gout par un Architecte.  Il se situe au cœur de la capitale et permet de se rendre à de nombreux pôles de paris comme le Louvre, bastille, saint germain, Montorgueuil, les halles et opéra à moins de 15 mn à pieds. A moins de 2 minutes du métro. You have access to everything. Either I or my assistant,  will meet you for check-in and checkout.  I'm available (24/7) via email, SMS, or phone for any questio
34968	If you want to get the authentic and real feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect for you.  Located in a beautiful courtyard close to Ile Saint Louis Theater, the apartment is on ground floor of a historical building.  The charming studio combines the charm of Paris and all the facilities to make your stay very special !  The living room is equipped with all the amenities you will need during your stay.  The kitchen is fully equipped with all the amenities and facilities: microwave, boiler, electric burner, toaster, you will be able to cook like a French Gourmet.  The bathroom is composed of a beautiful shower, a sink and toilets. Enjoy your parisian stay :)! For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and (phone number hidden)€ after 12.00 For a check-in before 8.00am in the morning we ask for 50€ to give us upon arrival	The apartment is located in the best area of Paris : Ile Saint Louis.  If you want to get the real and authentic feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect for you ! If you want to get the authentic and real feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect for you.  Located in a beautiful courtyard close to Ile Saint Louis Theater, the apartment is on ground floor of a historical building.  The charming studio combines the charm of Paris and all the facilities to make your stay very special !  The living room is equipped with all the amenities you will need during your stay.  The kitchen is fully equipped with all the amenities and facilities: microwave, boiler, electric burner, toaster, you will be able to cook like a French Gourmet.  The bathroom is composed of a beautiful shower, a sink and toilets. Enjoy your parisian stay :)! For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and (phone number hi
34969	Located in the heart of Paris, in the Marais, the apartment is perfect for a couple. You will enjoy each day of your stay the area and the parisian life. The apartment is very sunny and have an amazing view on Paris' roofs from the kitchen, thanks to the 5th floor. It is really quiet because located in the courtyard. You will have an access to TV and Internet. The spacious kitchen is equipped with induction plate, microwave-grill, kettle, washing machine and all you need to cook. The bathroom is quite spacious, with a big shower and toilets. Towels are provided.	This cute one-bedroom apt is located in the heart of Le Marais, at the foot of metro Saint-Paul. Perfect for two, you will admire the view of roofs, Panthéon and Montparnasse Tower. Enjoy the nice kitchen and its central location. Located in the heart of Paris, in the Marais, the apartment is perfect for a couple. You will enjoy each day of your stay the area and the parisian life. The apartment is very sunny and have an amazing view on Paris' roofs from the kitchen, thanks to the 5th floor. It is really quiet because located in the courtyard. You will have an access to TV and Internet. The spacious kitchen is equipped with induction plate, microwave-grill, kettle, washing machine and all you need to cook. The bathroom is quite spacious, with a big shower and toilets. Towels are provided. Access to the entire kitchen with all you need to cook. Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any question about the apartment, the area or what you can do in the city. The localization is perfect,
34970	The apartment consists of:  - separate kitchen, fully equipped with microwave, hob, fridge, washing machine and dishwasher, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and all the necessary for cooking. Counter with 3 high chairs with dining area with a large table and 4 chairs   - the living is furnished with a sofa bed for 2 adults, coffee table, and is equipped with a HD TV with DVD player, mini hifi, internet / Wifi access. Cabinet - Bedroom: street includes a bed 160 cm 2 places, a wardrobe and a dresser. A desk and chair   - Bathroom: with shower, bath and sink, hair dryer. - Separate WC with washbasin. Linen is provided. Iron and ironing board. Electric heating.	84 sqm apartment with 1 bedroom on a semi-ground floor overlooking the Seine on Saint Louis Island, quiet. Unobstructed view The apartment consists of:  - separate kitchen, fully equipped with microwave, hob, fridge, washing machine and dishwasher, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and all the necessary for cooking. Counter with 3 high chairs with dining area with a large table and 4 chairs   - the living is furnished with a sofa bed for 2 adults, coffee table, and is equipped with a HD TV with DVD player, mini hifi, internet / Wifi access. Cabinet - Bedroom: street includes a bed 160 cm 2 places, a wardrobe and a dresser. A desk and chair   - Bathroom: with shower, bath and sink, hair dryer. - Separate WC with washbasin. Linen is provided. Iron and ironing board. Electric heating. Located in the center of Paris, on the Saint-Louis Island, you will be at few minutes from Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), Place des Vosges, Bastille, la Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris, le Musée du Louvre, 
34971	Surface: 90 M2 Bedrooms:  Bedroom 1 facing the courtyard with  bed  (160 X 200) from the highest quality, dressing, very quiet . Bedroom 2 with a nice bed (140 X 190) and nice light as well.  A very spacious living-room top quality , TV, DVD player and  A separated dining area with a large table for 6 people  Luxurious and elegant decoration. Bathroom:  Elegant bathroom in warm, relaxing colors.  Spacious bathtub/shower.  Numerous soft towels  Hair dryer Kitchen:  Fully furnished with microwave, nespresso coffee maker, large refrigerator, Washer-dryer, dishwasher, kettle, cooking utensils, pots, pans, and various glasses.  Additional amenities High-speed unlimited INTERNET connection  Iron and ironing board  Housecleaning with new linen	"Great location for this 90 square meters two bedrooms apartment in the heart of Paris "" LE MARAIS "", in a typical parisian building, floor 3th WITH elevator. Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions! Wellcome PARIS Surface: 90 M2 Bedrooms:  Bedroom 1 facing the courtyard with  bed  (160 X 200) from the highest quality, dressing, very quiet . Bedroom 2 with a nice bed (140 X 190) and nice light as well.  A very spacious living-room top quality , TV, DVD player and  A separated dining area with a large table for 6 people  Luxurious and elegant decoration. Bathroom:  Elegant bathroom in warm, relaxing colors.  Spacious bathtub/shower.  Numerous soft towels  Hair dryer Kitchen:  Fully furnished with microwave, nespresso coffee maker, large refrigerator, Washer-dryer, dishwasher, kettle, cooking utensils, pots, pans, and various glasses.  Additional amenities High-speed unlimited INTERNET connection  Iron and ironing board  Housecleaning with new linen I am always available "
34972	my lovely studio is very central in Paris.  The flat has a mezzanine double bed and below sofa-bed (for 2 )  The guest will be allowed to use everything in my flat, including everything in the kitchen, restroom, and bedroom.  Sixth floor without elevator The flat is equipped with a  washing machine  Hair dryer  and wi-fi access The linen is included (Sheets, towels etc…) 2 mins walk from the Metro St. Paul,Near Metro stations Hôtel de Ville (line 1 and 11), Pont Marie (line 7), Châtelet-les-Halles. I will be happy to welcome you in my flat and provide any required information, as well as tips to make your stay unforgettable in one the capitals of the world.	my lovely studio is very central in Paris. The flat has a mezzanine double bed and below sofa-bed (for 2 ) 2 mins walk from the Metro St. Paul,Near Metro stations Hôtel de Ville (line 1 and 11), Pont Marie (line 7), Châtelet-les-Halles. my lovely studio is very central in Paris.  The flat has a mezzanine double bed and below sofa-bed (for 2 )  The guest will be allowed to use everything in my flat, including everything in the kitchen, restroom, and bedroom.  Sixth floor without elevator The flat is equipped with a  washing machine  Hair dryer  and wi-fi access The linen is included (Sheets, towels etc…) 2 mins walk from the Metro St. Paul,Near Metro stations Hôtel de Ville (line 1 and 11), Pont Marie (line 7), Châtelet-les-Halles. I will be happy to welcome you in my flat and provide any required information, as well as tips to make your stay unforgettable in one the capitals of the world.
34973	In English  DUPLEX 80m2, 2 rooms  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom and 4 sofa bed tor 4 persons. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, internet, TV. Located in the lively Le Marais area! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  Duplex de  80m2, séjour avec un canapé convertible deux places et 4 lits d'une place de bonne qualité, une cuisine équipée, WC et salle de bains avec baignoire. Il dispose d'une machine à laver, sèche linge, fer à repasser, chauffages, sèche cheveux, internet illimité, TV. Important : le parking est en extra, 30€ la nuitée.  Rue Saint Paul est bien desservie, Métro Saint Paul ou Sully Morland. 30	Un Duplex dans le Marais, profitez de sa proximité des endroits importants à visiter, comme Notre Dame, place des Vosges et tous les cafés/restaurants de la bastille. l'appartement peut accueillir 6 personnes avec tout le confort. In English  DUPLEX 80m2, 2 rooms  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom and 4 sofa bed tor 4 persons. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, internet, TV. Located in the lively Le Marais area! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  Duplex de  80m2, séjour avec un canapé convertible deux places et 4 lits d'une place de bonne qualité, une cuisine équipée, WC et salle de bains avec baignoire. Il disp
34974	Welcome to this flat in the Place des Vosges in Paris. 3rd floor without elevator,  this studio is under the roof, when you open the door, you find on your right a bathroom, shower and toilets. After the bathroom's door on your right you find kitchen sink, induction hob, fridge. All the dishes is available.  You find real bed  for 2 people (140x190), a closet, a small table with chairs, a bedside table, a storage cupboard behind curtain. Linens, towels, sheets are available too.	Welcome to this flat in the Place des Vosges in Paris. 3rd floor without elevator,  this studio is under the roof, when you open the door, you find on your right a bathroom, shower and toilets. After the bathroom's door on your right you find kitchen sink, induction hob, fridge. All the dishes is available.  You find real bed  for 2 people (140x190), a closet, a small table with chairs, a bedside table, a storage cupboard behind curtain. Linens, towels, sheets are available too. Metro lines : Chemin Vert (line 8), Bastille (line 1, 5,8), St Paul (line 1), Bréguet-Sabin (line 8). Bus lines 20, line 29, line 67, line 76, line 96. From Charles De Gaulle (CDG)  airport you could use the RER B  (It's like a train). Your stop is CHATELET. From CHATELET, you use the metro line number 1 direction CHATEAU DE VINCENNES and your stop is SAINT PAUL.  From there you have 7 mns of walk. Your direction is PLACE DES VOSGES. The building is cross place des Vosges and Rue de Turenne, just near the KOOPL
34975	Historical city Center - Le Marais - Place des Vosges Subway Saint Paul - Bastille - Sully Morland Welcome to an apartment in the historical and romantic heart of Paris. Ideal for a romantic stay in a refined and elegant place. You'll enjoy the lovely decoration made in high quality materials as much as the attentive and welcome that will be given to you. The trendy Marais district is near the most famous monuments of Paris : indulge yourself strolling from the Place des Vogues to Notre Dame de Paris and then stop on the Saint Louis Island to taste the famous Berthillon ice cream. Loft apartment of 80m ² with a spacious luminous living room with open kitchen, one bathroom, independant toilets and 2 bedrooms.  The guest room is 15 sqm and has dressing + many storage space. The bed is quite large (160 * 190 cm). Coton sheet provided. 2nd floor on a quiet courtyard, industrial building of the 19th century. The kitchen realised in real stone is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, ceramic 	Historical city Center - Place des Vosges Confortable 15m² room in a Loft app 2nd floor duplex on a quiet courtyard, old industrial building. Mix of real old materials and modern touch  the flat is designed to feel spacious in a small area. Historical city Center - Le Marais - Place des Vosges Subway Saint Paul - Bastille - Sully Morland Welcome to an apartment in the historical and romantic heart of Paris. Ideal for a romantic stay in a refined and elegant place. You'll enjoy the lovely decoration made in high quality materials as much as the attentive and welcome that will be given to you. The trendy Marais district is near the most famous monuments of Paris : indulge yourself strolling from the Place des Vogues to Notre Dame de Paris and then stop on the Saint Louis Island to taste the famous Berthillon ice cream. Loft apartment of 80m ² with a spacious luminous living room with open kitchen, one bathroom, independant toilets and 2 bedrooms.  The guest room is 15 sqm and has dressin
34976	This flat in an elegant 19th century building has been our family home since 1914. The apartment under your feet, the mirror and moldings constitute more than a century of history. We treasure it all and will change nothing. This past is our past and yours too, and we must preserve its traces. As furniture, kitchen appliances, TV and WIFI, all is modern, practical and ideal for short stays. We stay here ourselves when we come to Paris. At last, building work on the courtyard facade is finished. Your stay will be peaceful! Our apartment is extremely well located at 26 Rue des Rosiers, the heart of Parisian life, in the Marais. Surrounded by many cafés, restaurants, theaters and other places of cultural and historical interest like the Picasso Museum, the Carnavalet Museum, the Georges Pompidou Center, the Shoah Memorial, Notre- Dame, Place de la Bastille, Place de la République.  On Sunday, the surroundings become a pedestrian zone, with shops open from morning to night in this authenti	A real parisian flat. You'll leave like a real French. This flat in an elegant 19th century building has been our family home since 1914. The apartment under your feet, the mirror and moldings constitute more than a century of history. We treasure it all and will change nothing. This past is our past and yours too, and we must preserve its traces. As furniture, kitchen appliances, TV and WIFI, all is modern, practical and ideal for short stays. We stay here ourselves when we come to Paris. At last, building work on the courtyard facade is finished. Your stay will be peaceful! Our apartment is extremely well located at 26 Rue des Rosiers, the heart of Parisian life, in the Marais. Surrounded by many cafés, restaurants, theaters and other places of cultural and historical interest like the Picasso Museum, the Carnavalet Museum, the Georges Pompidou Center, the Shoah Memorial, Notre- Dame, Place de la Bastille, Place de la République.  On Sunday, the surroundings become a pedestrian zone,
34977	"This spacious 40m2 studio is located on Ile de la Cité, in the heart of Paris, just 50 metres from Notre-Dame Cathedral. The apartment features high ceiling and visible wooden beams ... the entrance of the building is covered with wisteria and flowers ... and silence reigns at night. There is a sleeping/living room area where you will find many books but no television. The open-plan kitchen includes kitchenware, an oven, a stove and a refrigerator, and many equipment such as a toaster, a rice cooker, a pancake maker.... In the kitchen, there is everything needed to prepare meals, including salt, pepper, oïl, vinegar, various spices, tea, coffee, sugar, jam ...  The large bathroom has a bathtub.  Bed linen and towels are at your disposal. I will remain fully reachable to answer all your possible questions ... once you have booked the apartment, it is all yours ! Public transport : - ""Saint Michel "" to the RER B is 2 min walk ( Direct access to Charles de Gaulle and Orly airport) - ""City"	"This spacious 40m2 studio is located on Ile de la Cité, in the heart of Paris, just 50 metres from Notre-Dame Cathedral. The apartment features high ceiling and visible wooden beams ... the entrance of the building is covered with wisteria and flowers ... and silence reigns at night. There is a sleeping/living room area where you will find many books but no television. The open-plan kitchen includes kitchenware, an oven, a stove and a refrigerator, and many equipment such as a toaster, a rice cooker, a pancake maker.... In the kitchen, there is everything needed to prepare meals, including salt, pepper, oïl, vinegar, various spices, tea, coffee, sugar, jam ...  The large bathroom has a bathtub.  Bed linen and towels are at your disposal. I will remain fully reachable to answer all your possible questions ... once you have booked the apartment, it is all yours ! Public transport : - ""Saint Michel "" to the RER B is 2 min walk ( Direct access to Charles de Gaulle and Orly airport) - ""City"
34978	The apartment is situated on the 4th floor (with elevator). Secured entrance with code. This cozy and confortable apartment with wooden floor consists of one bedroom, one bathroom, one toilet, one kitchen and one living room. - In the large living room, wich glazed windows, is a pull out couch which can comfortably sleep two, so the apartment can sleep up to 4 people.  - A fully-equipped  kitchen (dishmachine, fridge, nespresso machine, toaster, oven, microwave,shaker...)  - A comfortable bedroom, on the calm courtyard side, with a large bed - A bathroom with shower and washing machine - A separated toilet 	"Welcome in this cozy, comfortable and bright apartment. Located in the heart of the historic ""Le Marais"", with a lot of shops and restaurants, a trendy and vibrant district. Closed to the museum of Louvre, cathedral  ""Notre-Dame""and Champs Elysées.. The apartment is situated on the 4th floor (with elevator). Secured entrance with code. This cozy and confortable apartment with wooden floor consists of one bedroom, one bathroom, one toilet, one kitchen and one living room. - In the large living room, wich glazed windows, is a pull out couch which can comfortably sleep two, so the apartment can sleep up to 4 people.  - A fully-equipped  kitchen (dishmachine, fridge, nespresso machine, toaster, oven, microwave,shaker...)  - A comfortable bedroom, on the calm courtyard side, with a large bed - A bathroom with shower and washing machine - A separated toilet It includes : - WIFI, High Speed Internet - TV  - bath towel, sheet  After confirming the booking I send you an email with all informati"
34979	"On the 4th floor, family apartment 60 meters square with large living room, large bedroom, one separated kitchen and one bathroom with shower and WC.  It is at the same time intimate and equipped to accommodate a family.  A bedroom with kingbed, a sofa bed with a sleep quality hotel for 2 and 2 single beds (one in the bedroom and one in the living room) it possible to sleep up to 6 persons. It consists of: a LIVING ROOM with a dining area and fully equipped KITCHEN. 1 BEDROOM with a very confortable bed BATHROOM shower, sink, WC; Fully equipped with all modern conveniences: internet access WiFi , TV, CD player, washing machine, etc. The apartment is situated on the first (website hidden) is very safe : code at building and quiet night and day : all rooms overlook an internal sunlight courtyard. FACILITIES : Bed linen and towels provided. Public PARKING facilities available at a nearby garage. "" 1 bed room with a large bed of (phone number hidden) living room  furnihed with 1 Sofa Bed c"	Our flat is on the 4th floor in this historic building 1 Bedroom apartment , 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 separated bathroom, 1 separated WC Bedroom with a large bed (140*200 cm) + one single bed (90*200) Living room with a sofa bed and singlebed On the 4th floor, family apartment 60 meters square with large living room, large bedroom, one separated kitchen and one bathroom with shower and WC.  It is at the same time intimate and equipped to accommodate a family.  A bedroom with kingbed, a sofa bed with a sleep quality hotel for 2 and 2 single beds (one in the bedroom and one in the living room) it possible to sleep up to 6 persons. It consists of: a LIVING ROOM with a dining area and fully equipped KITCHEN. 1 BEDROOM with a very confortable bed BATHROOM shower, sink, WC; Fully equipped with all modern conveniences: internet access WiFi , TV, CD player, washing machine, etc. The apartment is situated on the first (website hidden) is very safe : code at building and quiet night and day :
34980		To all of you lovers of the gorgeous island of Saint Louis in the very heart of Paris, here is a newly renovated 27sqm flat, fully furnished, comprehensive kitchen appliance, Italian shower, wifi. Very bright, it comes with a view of the Seine river.
34981	The apartment has been completely redesigned to offer maximum comfort and design. 30 square meters, renovated in 2009: Fourth floor without lift, two rooms with a view on an inside courtyard. - Living room : a sofa-bed for two adults, a chair, a low table, TV, Wi-Fi, sound system, a window on the courtyard. - Kitchen open the living room with: micro wave, four cook tops, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, dishwasher, toaster and all you might need for cooking, - Bedroom: a window on the inside courtyard, a queen size bed, a large dressing with the washing machine. - Bathroom: Shower, hair dryer and WC. 	Cozy and comfy apartment in the center of Paris, close to Notre Dame, the Place des Vosges, Centre Georges Pompidou, the Louvre ... The apartment has been completely redesigned to offer maximum comfort and design. 30 square meters, renovated in 2009: Fourth floor without lift, two rooms with a view on an inside courtyard. - Living room : a sofa-bed for two adults, a chair, a low table, TV, Wi-Fi, sound system, a window on the courtyard. - Kitchen open the living room with: micro wave, four cook tops, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, dishwasher, toaster and all you might need for cooking, - Bedroom: a window on the inside courtyard, a queen size bed, a large dressing with the washing machine. - Bathroom: Shower, hair dryer and WC. We do our best to arrange and facilitate the organization of our guests of their stay  (before and during). We speak mostly by email or sms. Le Marais is the historical center of Paris with narrow cobbled streets which combines luxurious mansions with hidden cour
34982	When entering, you are overwhelmed with the sensation to be well sheltered, at the harbour, and yet you know that you are still on the Seine river, on this magic Saint-Louis island. An incredible amount of time and energy as been spent to yield this result, space and harmony, harmony with space... But all seems to have been in place since Louis the 14 th. 	"            Sculptor's studio, redesigned by the owner in 2014, on the famous Saint-Louis island.32 square meters of luminous, optimized space, with high ceiling, two big windows.  An incredibly romantic and cosy nest: spirit, soul and harmony.                         When entering, you are overwhelmed with the sensation to be well sheltered, at the harbour, and yet you know that you are still on the Seine river, on this magic Saint-Louis island. An incredible amount of time and energy as been spent to yield this result, space and harmony, harmony with space... But all seems to have been in place since Louis the 14 th. High velocity Internet access (120 MBPS according to Free, my provider) - Optical cable. 24 "" flat screen, usable to watch TV channels using the provided remote control. NB : it is also connectable to your laptop. Induction table and cookers. Electric oven and grill. Microwave oven. Electric toaster. 50 liters upright Fridge 50 liters upright Freezer Comfortable bathtub "
34983	Une chambre avec poutre apparente donnant sur cour calme avec du charme et du caractère dans un immeuble de 1650. accès cuisine SDB WC direct. Service des hôtes de qualité et raffiné.. Bienvenu au cœur de Paris & Welcome to Paris !! Capacité 2 personnes A 5 mn de notre Dames de Paris, 5 mn du marais, Hotel de ville, immeuble sur l’Île st Louis. Châtelet Hotel de ville St Michel un apéro d accueil et leur donner tous les détails pour passer un excellent séjour à Paris	A room(chamber) with exposed beam giving onto quiet court(yard) with the charm and the character in a building of 1650. Access cooks SDB TOILETS express. Service(department) of the quality hosts and refined.. Welcome at the heart of Paris and Welcome
34984	Marais district : at 100 meters from Place des Vosges, Bastille, and Ile st Louis, the flat-30 sqm- has view by 3 windows on a quiet court in building of XVII- XIXth century, The bedroom has a large bed, a wardrobe, access to the kitchen with microwawe owen, electric cooking, keetle, fridge and freezer, shower room , toilettes, hair dryer minimum 3 nights,  no cleaning dues,  I sleep elsewhere so you just share with me kitchen, living and shower room during the day. On foot you go :Antic village St Paul Batobus on river Seine, hotel of bishops of Sens, Notre Dame Cathedral, Carnavalet museum, Centre Pompidou and Louvre, Lutèce Arena, Pantheon and Sorbonne, dance-floors of Faubourg st Antoine, open food market of Richard Lenoir. 	I receive you in my home, historical center of Paris , building of 17th-19th century, ideal for walking between Bastille , Notre Dame, Louvre, Quartier latin , all attractive night and day,  The flat is on a quiet courtyard, 2nd floor without lift  Marais district : at 100 meters from Place des Vosges, Bastille, and Ile st Louis, the flat-30 sqm- has view by 3 windows on a quiet court in building of XVII- XIXth century, The bedroom has a large bed, a wardrobe, access to the kitchen with microwawe owen, electric cooking, keetle, fridge and freezer, shower room , toilettes, hair dryer minimum 3 nights,  no cleaning dues,  I sleep elsewhere so you just share with me kitchen, living and shower room during the day. On foot you go :Antic village St Paul Batobus on river Seine, hotel of bishops of Sens, Notre Dame Cathedral, Carnavalet museum, Centre Pompidou and Louvre, Lutèce Arena, Pantheon and Sorbonne, dance-floors of Faubourg st Antoine, open food market of Richard Lenoir. acces : dinin
34985	Sunny, though not brand new, appartment, clean and charming in old 16th century building. Please note that between this bedroom and the living room, there's a curtain instead of a door, so if someone is in the living room, the sound insulation is not as perfect as with a door.	Bedroom with 2 single beds in a 4th floor appartment, typical building of Le Marais, nearby main monuments, all transports and shops. Sunny, though not brand new, appartment, clean and charming in old 16th century building. Please note that between this bedroom and the living room, there's a curtain instead of a door, so if someone is in the living room, the sound insulation is not as perfect as with a door. Access to shower and toilet room, kitchen and living room. Notre-Dame, Le Louvre, Place des Vosges, Beaubourg, Conciergerie... Historical center of Paris center, most monuments and many shops around, walking. All transports nearby, to go anywhere in Paris and suburbs, even during the night !
34986		Situé en plein coeur du marais, proche commerces restaurants bars marché, idéalement situé à 2 pas du métro hôtel de ville et lignes de bus. 2 pièces de 38 m2 comprenant kitchenette ouverte équipée donnant sur séjour.Chambre à coucher avec lit double et armoire située sur cour et calme avec salle de bain comprenant baignoire douche lavabo et wc.  Located in the heart of marais near shopping restaurants bars market and subway and bus.  Central charming 2 room flat, quiet in a lively trendy area.
34987	Really cosy space. Ideal for a couple who comes visit Paris, near the subway, restaurants, bars, art galleries and the river Seine. The neighborhood is calm and alive at the same time, with shops open on sundays.  Buses and metro within 1 minute distance. Cable TV with more than 240 channels.  I Phone charger  The apartment is on a third floor and there's no elevator but since the ceilings are not high the steps are easy to do.	Little appartment in the center of the Marais (1 minute walk from Saint Paul).  Supermarkets, bars and shops and everything you need to have a great stay. My place is situated in a passage so it is calm and you can open the windows and relax. Really cosy space. Ideal for a couple who comes visit Paris, near the subway, restaurants, bars, art galleries and the river Seine. The neighborhood is calm and alive at the same time, with shops open on sundays.  Buses and metro within 1 minute distance. Cable TV with more than 240 channels.  I Phone charger  The apartment is on a third floor and there's no elevator but since the ceilings are not high the steps are easy to do. The neighborhood is calm and alive at the same time, with shops open on sundays.  Buses and metro within 1 minute distance. Cable TV with more than 240 channels.  I Phone charger 4 and 5. 
34988	Completely renovated apartment in May 2015 Quality equipment High confort Logement entièrement refait à neuf en mai 2015 Équipements de qualité  Confort	Spacious, beautifully renovated contemporary-rustic space right on the pedestrian rue des Rosiers. Picturesque, stylish and comfortable, enjoy a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom, high grade bedding and amenities in the heart of the city of lights. Completely renovated apartment in May 2015 Quality equipment High confort Logement entièrement refait à neuf en mai 2015 Équipements de qualité  Confort Linen, towels are provided Landerette for washing and drying just down the house! (50m walk) We will give you the necessary assistance upon arrival. Museum Art Gallery Restaurants  Shopping Supermarket Access via metro St Paul or Rambuteau Hôtel de ville  Park   7 minutes walk
34989	This 2-bedroom apartment is ideal for a family of 5. It the neighborhood of the Opéra Bastille, St Paul, Hotel Sully, Places des Vosges, walk to Notre Dame, etc  It measures 62m² (667 ft2) wooden flooring and is on the 1st floor (with an elevator) of a well maintained building dated around 1900 and has a very nice floral courtyard, off the street, thus very quiet. The first bedroom - 2 beds, a double bed (140 x 200 cm) and a Single Bed (90 x 200 cm). It has a closet, a writing desk and lamps. The window overlooks the private courtyard. The 2nd Bedroom has a queen bed (160 x 200 cm), a large closet and shelves. The window also overlooks the courtyard. The kitchen is also the dining area. It has a sofa that can sleep one small built person if needed. It is fully equipped with 2 electric burners by induction, a small oven/toaster, a micro-wave oven, a washing machine and a dryer, coffee maker, crokery, dishes and cooking utensils. The bathroom has a bathtub, a shower curtain and a shower 	2 bedroom apartment right in Le Marais....Rue de l'Arsenal. It is between the Place des Vosges and Le Notre Dame de Paris. Quiet and safe. 1st floor with an elevator. Unlimited WIFI, cable TV and Free calls to some 80 countries. This 2-bedroom apartment is ideal for a family of 5. It the neighborhood of the Opéra Bastille, St Paul, Hotel Sully, Places des Vosges, walk to Notre Dame, etc  It measures 62m² (667 ft2) wooden flooring and is on the 1st floor (with an elevator) of a well maintained building dated around 1900 and has a very nice floral courtyard, off the street, thus very quiet. The first bedroom - 2 beds, a double bed (140 x 200 cm) and a Single Bed (90 x 200 cm). It has a closet, a writing desk and lamps. The window overlooks the private courtyard. The 2nd Bedroom has a queen bed (160 x 200 cm), a large closet and shelves. The window also overlooks the courtyard. The kitchen is also the dining area. It has a sofa that can sleep one small built person if needed. It is fully 
34990	Ce charmant appartement de 2 pièces est situé dans le très privilégié quartier du Marais.  Au 7ème étage, avec ascenseur,  il vous fera profiter d'une très jolie vue sur les toits de Paris et le Sacré Cœur et d'une belle lumière toute la journée. Meublé dans un style vintage élégant mais simple, l'appartement est très confortable. La literie est toute neuve. Et on dort très bien dans le grand lit. 	Dans le Marais à deux pas de la place des Vosge, ce  joli appartement est idéal pour un séjour en amoureux ou en solo. Au septième étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble 30, vous serez bien au calme et vous pourrez admirez une jolie vue sur les toits . Ce charmant appartement de 2 pièces est situé dans le très privilégié quartier du Marais.  Au 7ème étage, avec ascenseur,  il vous fera profiter d'une très jolie vue sur les toits de Paris et le Sacré Cœur et d'une belle lumière toute la journée. Meublé dans un style vintage élégant mais simple, l'appartement est très confortable. La literie est toute neuve. Et on dort très bien dans le grand lit. C'est ici c'est vous! L'appartement est composé d'un salon et d'une chambre. La cuisine et la salle de bain sont toutes neuves. Il y a un mini balcon. Vous vous sentirez à l'aise, j'en suis sure. Je serai là pour vous donner les clefs, et ensuite vous serez seul dans l'appartement. Vous êtes à la fois dans le marais, près de Bastille, des quais de 
34991	You will have access to the whole apartment for your exclusive use.	One street away from the famous Place des Vosges and Place de La Bastille, you will enjoy for your exclusive use a spacy one bed room apartment located at the 3rd floor with elevator. You will have access to the whole apartment for your exclusive use. Closest metro : Bastille Line 1,
34992	60 square meters flat, on the first floor (no elevator), near the Marais and well desserved by many public transportation (bus, metro, velib are down by the house). The area around is alive and typically Parisian ! We provide towels and bed sheets.	60 square meters flat, on the first floor (no elevator), near the Marais and well desserved by many public transportation (bus, metro, velib are down by the house). The area around is alive and typically Parisian ! We provide towels and bed sheets. Access to the whole appartment. we leave you everything you need to be at home, but in Paris! ;) Wa can share our phone numbers, so we can communicate during your stay, if needed. Our apartment is in an historic district and very close to the rich cultural life of the Marais (musée Picasso, Musée Carnavalet, Beaubourg is 15mn walking, and many concerts bars, bistrots and restaurants...). Parisian market 100m from the apartment on Sunday morning from 8am to 1:30pm. Located 300m from the Place de la Bastille (metro, bus, Velib, taxi station at the bottom of the apartment). Station Chemin Vert (line 8) is less than 80m from the apartment.
34993	"The ""Sleeping Lion"" is conceived to spend a vacation in Paris in the best conditions . Fitted out with all the necessary comfort when you're traveling, it's decorated with a design style mixed with a touch of classic  « à la française » , typical of the old parisian ""Marais"". The apartment disposes of : - a secure access by digital access lock, intercom and  armored door - a king size bed - the cable television - a wireless or wired connection - a phone with unlimited access * - a fitted kitchen which includes a dishwasher, a vitro-ceramic hotplate, a microwave oven,   a coffee maker, a kettle,  a toaster and a fridge filled out on demand * - a laundry space with washing machine, ironing board and flatiron - a design bathroom with a walk-in shower , terry towels and bathrobes, and a hairdryer THE AREA: The ""sleeping lion"" welcomes you in the heart of Paris (in the 4th district) , in the Marais quarter, near L'ile Saint Louis, with its animated life, day and night, a number of restauran"	"The ""sleeping lion"" is an apartment right in the center of Paris, fully equipped and decorated with great care and have the all necessary comfort and peace after a busy day of visits, shopping or working day in he capital. The ""Sleeping Lion"" is conceived to spend a vacation in Paris in the best conditions . Fitted out with all the necessary comfort when you're traveling, it's decorated with a design style mixed with a touch of classic  « à la française » , typical of the old parisian ""Marais"". The apartment disposes of : - a secure access by digital access lock, intercom and  armored door - a king size bed - the cable television - a wireless or wired connection - a phone with unlimited access * - a fitted kitchen which includes a dishwasher, a vitro-ceramic hotplate, a microwave oven,   a coffee maker, a kettle,  a toaster and a fridge filled out on demand * - a laundry space with washing machine, ironing board and flatiron - a design bathroom with a walk-in shower , terry towels and "
34994	Our flat is located in a courtyard on the 5th (and last) floor of the building where you'll enjoy a very nice view on the romantic Parisian roofs. Although you'll be right in the heart of the Marais neighborhood (which benefits from an intensive cultural- and nightlife), the quiet courtyard preserves our flat from the noise from the streets. Our flat has one opened kitchen, one living room (+ one mezzanine above the living room), one bedroom (+ another mezzanine above the bedroom), a bathroom and separate toilets. The two mezzanines make the apartment look even bigger and sunnier and each of them has a roof window opening and a real large comfortable bed (160x200cm). The flat can accommodate 4 people + 2 on a sofa which can be transformed in a double bed if you have an extra person for instance. The kitchen is fully equipped (kitchen plates, an oven, a microwave, a big fridge, a blender, an espresso machine and even a popcorn machine !) and the flat is close (max 2 minutes) to supermar	A very beautiful, bright and quiet apartment ideally located in the heart of the Marais in Paris (Saint Paul, Bastille, Place des Vosges). Recently renovated, this 45m² flat is perfect for families, couples or groups of friends (2 separated rooms) Our flat is located in a courtyard on the 5th (and last) floor of the building where you'll enjoy a very nice view on the romantic Parisian roofs. Although you'll be right in the heart of the Marais neighborhood (which benefits from an intensive cultural- and nightlife), the quiet courtyard preserves our flat from the noise from the streets. Our flat has one opened kitchen, one living room (+ one mezzanine above the living room), one bedroom (+ another mezzanine above the bedroom), a bathroom and separate toilets. The two mezzanines make the apartment look even bigger and sunnier and each of them has a roof window opening and a real large comfortable bed (160x200cm). The flat can accommodate 4 people + 2 on a sofa which can be transformed in 
34995	Comfortable typically Parisian flat (in the second floor), located in the center of Paris in the middle of « Marais » area with easy access to most every sightseeing place. Spacious living room, with an open-plan kitchen and dining area. On this floor, two bedrooms (one with bunk bed) and a bathroom (shower). Upstairs, there are one master bedroom with double bed and a large modern bathroom (bath & shower). Full central heating. We have television, video and digital radio and full internet access.  Enjoy meals or drinks in the neighbourhood restaurants and bars.	Comfortable typically Parisian flat (in the second floor), located in the center of Paris in the middle of « Marais » area with easy access to most every sightseeing place. Spacious living room, with an open-plan kitchen and dining area.  Comfortable typically Parisian flat (in the second floor), located in the center of Paris in the middle of « Marais » area with easy access to most every sightseeing place. Spacious living room, with an open-plan kitchen and dining area. On this floor, two bedrooms (one with bunk bed) and a bathroom (shower). Upstairs, there are one master bedroom with double bed and a large modern bathroom (bath & shower). Full central heating. We have television, video and digital radio and full internet access.  Enjoy meals or drinks in the neighbourhood restaurants and bars. Large and confortable beds, all amenities, Wifi, TV internationnal channels, washer, hair dryer I am always available to help or provide any information. I can be reached at any time either th
34996	Our studio is located on the 1st US floor (UK ground floor/French rdc) of a historical building (XVIII century), beware of poor sound isolation of historical buildings.  WE PROVIDE (included in the price): - FREE Wi-Fi internet - FREE fixed-line international calls to most counties - Hair dryer - Iron/iron board - Comfortable mattress - A set of 3 towels per person Ideal for couples. The CHECK-IN time is starting from 4pm. The CHECK-OUT time is by 10:00am. During the regular period (except The New Year period and May holidays) the minimum stay is 3 nights, however we do accept two-night bookings when they fill in the gaps between two existing stays. During the NY and May holidays (26 December - 4 January and 26 April - 11 May), the minimum stay is 5 nights. Please note that NO check in/check out is possible on 30-31 December and 1-2 January.  Thank you for understanding. 	Nicely decorated cozy studio welcomes you in the very historical center of Paris - Le Marais - which dates back to XIII century and hosts many architectural masterpieces of the past. 1 min walk to the Ile Saint Louis 4 min walk to the Notre Dame Our studio is located on the 1st US floor (UK ground floor/French rdc) of a historical building (XVIII century), beware of poor sound isolation of historical buildings.  WE PROVIDE (included in the price): - FREE Wi-Fi internet - FREE fixed-line international calls to most counties - Hair dryer - Iron/iron board - Comfortable mattress - A set of 3 towels per person Ideal for couples. The CHECK-IN time is starting from 4pm. The CHECK-OUT time is by 10:00am. During the regular period (except The New Year period and May holidays) the minimum stay is 3 nights, however we do accept two-night bookings when they fill in the gaps between two existing stays. During the NY and May holidays (26 December - 4 January and 26 April - 11 May), the minimum stay
34997	Incredible location, incredible views, incredible space, incredible amenities. Sleep like a noble, in front of île Saint-Louis, between to Hôtel de la Ville and Saint Paul. You won't find a hotel like this.... 100m2 luxe only at your service! Huge living room offering to the Seine. Two bedrooms both hosting two guests each, views to Seine and to the neighboring medieval Hotel de Sens, a mansion of archbishop at its time, nowadays a library. One more double bed (convertible sofa) in the living room. Kitchen, bathroom, all having high windows and with great views! Next to Cité des Arts, metro station Pont-Marie (line 7) across the street, likewise a public parking garage across the same the street. Metro line 1 in 150m with its station Saint-Paul at rue de Rivoli, Châtelet in one hop by metro or by walking in 15 min. All shopping, dining, sightseeing... at île Saint-Louis, Marais, Bastille, that's your quartier at us! 	Incredible location, incredible views, incredible space, incredible amenities. Sleep like a noble, in front of île Saint-Louis, between to Hôtel de la Ville and Saint Paul. You won't find a hotel like this.... 100m2 luxe only at your service! Huge living room offering to the Seine. Two bedrooms both hosting two guests each, views to Seine and to the neighboring medieval Hotel de Sens, a mansion of archbishop at its time, nowadays a library. One more double bed (convertible sofa) in the living room. Kitchen, bathroom, all having high windows and with great views! Next to Cité des Arts, metro station Pont-Marie (line 7) across the street, likewise a public parking garage across the same the street. Metro line 1 in 150m with its station Saint-Paul at rue de Rivoli, Châtelet in one hop by metro or by walking in 15 min. All shopping, dining, sightseeing... at île Saint-Louis, Marais, Bastille, that's your quartier at us!  The place is in Marais, the 4th arrondissement, by the river. We have
34998	Great for a romantic trip or a family holiday in the heart of Paris! On the 3rd floor of a very quiet building, secured, with a caretaker, a large  newly refurbished flat composed of: - A spacious living room overlooking the port of Arsenal with a large sofa, a video projector and a TV, a table and 5 chairs - A fully-equipped kitchen open to the living room with dishwasher, oven, freezer & Nespresso coffee machine - A balcony with a small table and two chairs - A master bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard, not overlooked, with a queen-size bed and a desk - A room overlooking a quiet courtyard, not overlooked,  with two bunk beds - A room overlooking the Port de l'Arsenal with a double bed and a cot - A very large bathroom with large corner bath, double sinks and toilet, washing machine and dryer - A second separate toilet	Stunning, fully renovated, spacious (915 sq ft) apartement. Perfectly located in the heart of Paris, very close to Bastille, the Marais and Ile Saint-Louis (10 minutes walk)! Enjoy its great view on Canal Saint-Martin and the unique port of Paris. Great for a romantic trip or a family holiday in the heart of Paris! On the 3rd floor of a very quiet building, secured, with a caretaker, a large  newly refurbished flat composed of: - A spacious living room overlooking the port of Arsenal with a large sofa, a video projector and a TV, a table and 5 chairs - A fully-equipped kitchen open to the living room with dishwasher, oven, freezer & Nespresso coffee machine - A balcony with a small table and two chairs - A master bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard, not overlooked, with a queen-size bed and a desk - A room overlooking a quiet courtyard, not overlooked,  with two bunk beds - A room overlooking the Port de l'Arsenal with a double bed and a cot - A very large bathroom with large corner 
34999		Appartement de 47 m², 2 pièces, est situé dans le 4ème arrondissement , au 2ème étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle sans ascenseur et il peut accueillir 3 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, un sèche linge, wifi...
35000		Loft in the center of Paris (4th arr.) renovated in 2015 6th floor with view on the Seine, Notre Dame and Hotel de Ville. luxuriously equiped and furnished. Perfect for a romantic week end. 75 square meters
35001	"Everything a modern traveler expects these days is provided: towels, linen, free wireless internet, cable TV with international channels, a fully equipped kitchen with an Nespresso coffee maker, a nice 'rain shower'-shower head in the bathroom, a washer.. and of course an elevator up to the 4th floor apartment. The two beds you see in some pictures as separate can be turned into one big bed on request. Just a few footsteps to all major attractions (monuments, museums, dept. stores,........), you never hesitate to come back ""home"" just to rest or have lunch and leave again. The life on the island is like a small village in the very center of Paris with many nice cafes, galleries, restaurants, famous Bertillon ice creams, creperies, bakeries, butchers, unique cheese shop, bookstore, flower shop, boutiques, right on the corner of our street. Both most popular Parisian neighborhoods, Saint-Germain and Le Marais, are left and right on the other side of the beautiful bridges that connect the"	"A fully renewed studio flat in the very heart of old Paris, on the exclusive Island, ""Ile Saint Louis"" in the Seine-river, right by Notre Dame Cathedral Everything a modern traveler expects these days is provided: towels, linen, free wireless internet, cable TV with international channels, a fully equipped kitchen with an Nespresso coffee maker, a nice 'rain shower'-shower head in the bathroom, a washer.. and of course an elevator up to the 4th floor apartment. The two beds you see in some pictures as separate can be turned into one big bed on request. Just a few footsteps to all major attractions (monuments, museums, dept. stores,........), you never hesitate to come back ""home"" just to rest or have lunch and leave again. The life on the island is like a small village in the very center of Paris with many nice cafes, galleries, restaurants, famous Bertillon ice creams, creperies, bakeries, butchers, unique cheese shop, bookstore, flower shop, boutiques, right on the corner of our stre"
35002	Cet appartement situé au 6ème étage (avec ascenseur !), offre une vue sur les toits de paris et du soleil toute la matinée.  Il est très calme, intimiste et cosy!	Habituée à voyager par Air BnB, je propose également mon appartement au coeur de Paris pour acceuillir les voyageurs dans la plus belle ville du monde :) Cet appartement situé au 6ème étage (avec ascenseur !), offre une vue sur les toits de paris et du soleil toute la matinée.  Il est très calme, intimiste et cosy! L'appartement est idéalement situé sur la ligne 1 du métro, à l'arrêt Saint Paul  qui dessert notamment la Gare de Lyon (2arrêts seulement) et le RER A à Chatelet (2 arrêts également). Beaucoup d'autres lignes (5, 8, 11, 7) sont accessibles en seulement quelques minutes.  Vous disposez également d'une station de taxi à 100 mètres. Le quartier du Marais, en plein coeur de Paris, rendra toutes vos envies accessibles.  Très animé, cet endroit est fourni en commerces, avec la Rue de Rivolie et son célèbre BHV, la rue des Francs Bourgeois disposant de nombreuses boutiques toutes plus belles les unes que les autres, et même le dimanche.  Bars est restaurants font aussi de ce quart
35003	"After full of novelties, you will be happy to be at home, in a "" haven of peace and tranquility "" where you can share your memories  of the day. You will also be connected to the rest of the world by wifi and cable TV. In the room, a very comfortable bed awaits you. You will take all the energy for the day. The bathroom is functional and enjoyable. You also have at your disposal a fitted kitchen .. In short , you will have an unforgettable stay in this apartment ..."	"Located in the center of Paris, just steps from City Hall and the famous "" Rue des Rosiers"", from this apartment you will discover one of the most beautiful areas of the city and easily visit the most beautiful jewels of the French capital. After full of novelties, you will be happy to be at home, in a "" haven of peace and tranquility "" where you can share your memories  of the day. You will also be connected to the rest of the world by wifi and cable TV. In the room, a very comfortable bed awaits you. You will take all the energy for the day. The bathroom is functional and enjoyable. You also have at your disposal a fitted kitchen .. In short , you will have an unforgettable stay in this apartment ... All tastes are honored. If you like painting, museums, you can walk to the Louvre, the Pompidou Centre. The Metro Line 1 will take you to many other cultural sites ... Once there,  I can also help you to find other ones. If you prefer a romantic stroll, you will enjoy to walk along the b"
35004	Un magnifique appartement de 90m2. Vous bénéficierez de deux lits 160/200. Nous pouvons également transformer un des lits en 2* 80*200. Un superbe séjour de 30m2 sera là également pour vous permettre de vous reposer entre vos visites ! Enfin, si vous êtes fin gourmet la cuisine est entièrement équipée.	Un appartement haut de gamme en plein coeur du Marais. Deux chambres tout confort. Un salon exceptionnel et une cuisine toute équipée. Profitez ici de vacances inoubliables. Un magnifique appartement de 90m2. Vous bénéficierez de deux lits 160/200. Nous pouvons également transformer un des lits en 2* 80*200. Un superbe séjour de 30m2 sera là également pour vous permettre de vous reposer entre vos visites ! Enfin, si vous êtes fin gourmet la cuisine est entièrement équipée. Nous souhaitons réellement que votre séjour à Paris soit inoubliable. Pour cela nous vous laisserons accès à tout l'appartement. N'hésitez pas avant, pendant ou après votre séjour à nous contacter. Nous nous ferons un plaisir de vous conseiller. Un quartier en plein centre de Paris. Le Marais donne accès à tous les commerces de bouche,  à tous les magasins à la mode mais aussi à des lieux magiques connus ou insolites. Nous nous ferons le plaisir de les partager avec nos voyageurs. Notre quartier est un petit village 
35005	Exceptional 100sqm 2-bedroom/2-bathroom duplex apartment, rue des Deux Ponts, on the Ile Saint Louis, Paris IV. The apartment has entirely been designed and refurbished by a renown architect. The apartment comes fully equipped with very high standard furnitures. The apartment has air conditioning. The apartment is for up to 6 guests: - The master bedroom has a king size bed, an ensuite bathroom with a small terrace. - The second bedroom has a queen size bed - The sofa in the living room turns into a queen size bed - The apartment has a second bathroom with shower and toilet. - The kitchen comes fully equipped, with among many others: oven, stove, fridge, Nespresso machine, microwave, washing machie and dish washer, etc... The building is a former Middle Ages blacksmith shop, entirely refurbished. The outstanding stained glasses all over the apartment dated from the 16th century The apartment also has a small terrace (access from the ensuite master bedroom's bathroom) 2nd/3rd floor with	100sqm duplex apartment, with AC, on the Ile Saint-Louis, for up to 6 guests with 2-BDRs  & 2-BRs. Refurbished by a renown architect. The building is a former Middle Ages blacksmith shop, entirely refurbished. For a timeless experience in Paris! Exceptional 100sqm 2-bedroom/2-bathroom duplex apartment, rue des Deux Ponts, on the Ile Saint Louis, Paris IV. The apartment has entirely been designed and refurbished by a renown architect. The apartment comes fully equipped with very high standard furnitures. The apartment has air conditioning. The apartment is for up to 6 guests: - The master bedroom has a king size bed, an ensuite bathroom with a small terrace. - The second bedroom has a queen size bed - The sofa in the living room turns into a queen size bed - The apartment has a second bathroom with shower and toilet. - The kitchen comes fully equipped, with among many others: oven, stove, fridge, Nespresso machine, microwave, washing machie and dish washer, etc... The building is a form
35006	Our apartment is composed of one main space, L shaped, which contains our living room and a separated bedroom with a double bed. There is also a baby's bedroom with all the equipment that suits a child from 0 to 2 years old. Of course there is a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom (with bathtub) and a separated toilet.	In the bustling center of Paris there is an island of calm: the Saint Louis island. We live there and we offer you to share with us the exciting experience of living in this unique part of the city. This is the most central neighbourhood and for sure one of the most beautiful places in Paris and although it's a very touristical area, the apartment is extremely quiet. You'll be surrounded by the Seine and be walking distance from many important Parisian sightseeing.  Welcome home! Our apartment is composed of one main space, L shaped, which contains our living room and a separated bedroom with a double bed. There is also a baby's bedroom with all the equipment that suits a child from 0 to 2 years old. Of course there is a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom (with bathtub) and a separated toilet. The full apartment is accessible This apartment is our home, so we rent it while away from Paris. Yet we will remain reachable and leave important information about the neighbourhood and its most e
35007	Situated in a 18th century private mansion, this completely renovated appartment with elegant and authetic decoration can accomdate till 6 persons (a room with queen size bed, a mezzanine with queen size bed too and a sofa bed in the living-room). TV with international channels and telephone, internet connection. Fully fitted kitchen with drying washmachine, dish-washmachine and all you need to cook and enjoy your meals. Excellent situation on a quiet street from few steps of Pompidou Center and Picasso Museum. In the middle of the historical Marais area with all the bars, restaurants and fancy shops. Five minutes walk from Forum des Halles, the central station of Paris metro transports with easy connection to the airports and main attractions of Paris suburbs as Château de Versailles. Situated in the ground floor (with security), this beautifull appatment, like a private house, is a perfect surrounding for a perfect stay in Paris.	Situated in a 18th century private mansion, this completely renovated appartment with elegant and authetic decoration can accomdate till 6 persons (a room with queen size bed, a mezzanine with queen size bed too and a sofa bed in the living-room). TV with international channels and telephone, internet connection. Fully fitted kitchen with drying washmachine, dish-washmachine and all you need to cook and enjoy your meals. Excellent situation on a quiet street from few steps of Pompidou Center and Picasso Museum. In the middle of the historical Marais area with all the bars, restaurants and fancy shops. Five minutes walk from Forum des Halles, the central station of Paris metro transports with easy connection to the airports and main attractions of Paris suburbs as Château de Versailles. Situated in the ground floor (with security), this beautifull appatment, like a private house, is a perfect surrounding for a perfect stay in Paris. The minimum rental period is 3 nights except for Septe
35008	Charming studio with high ceiling, located on rue Vieille du Temple in the hearth of the historical Marais district. - fully equipped 21m2 apartment in a secure, old-style Parisian building, - located in a very lively street with cafés, bakeries, libraries, fashion boutiques and ice cream stores.   - 5 minutes walking distance from hôtel de Ville, Place des Vosges and the Pompidou, Carnavalet and Picasso museums. A 10 mn walking distance from Châtelet, Notre-Dame, Ile St Louis and the Seine. - 1 living room with a large bed, Wifi, flat screen TV and 2 large double-glazed windows. Fully-equipped kitchen with washing-machine.  - a small bathroom with shower and towel dryer. Separate toilets. - located on the 2nd floor (no lift). - nearest metro stations are : St Paul and Hôtel de Ville (line 1), Pont Marie (line 7) and Rambuteau (line 11).	Charming studio with high ceiling, located on rue Vieille du Temple in the hearth of the historical Marais district. - fully equipped 21m2 apartment in a secure, old-style Parisian building, - located in a very lively street with cafés, bakeries, libraries, fashion boutiques and ice cream stores.   - 5 minutes walking distance from hôtel de Ville, Place des Vosges and the Pompidou, Carnavalet and Picasso museums. A 10 mn walking distance from Châtelet, Notre-Dame, Ile St Louis and the Seine. - 1 living room with a large bed, Wifi, flat screen TV and 2 large double-glazed windows. Fully-equipped kitchen with washing-machine.  - a small bathroom with shower and towel dryer. Separate toilets. - located on the 2nd floor (no lift). - nearest metro stations are : St Paul and Hôtel de Ville (line 1), Pont Marie (line 7) and Rambuteau (line 11).
35009	Located in one of the most fashionable areas of the city with museums, art galleries, shopping, historical architecture and beautiful parks at your doorstep, this stylish penthouse is a true gem. It has the rare combination of being located in the heart of the city, in the oldest and best preserved neighborhood in Paris, and on the 6th and top floor with an elevator (up to the 5th floor) of a beautiful building. The street the apartment is on dates to the 1100s and is considered one of the most historic and beautiful medieval streets in the city, even by high Parisian standards. The apartment has central air-conditioning, with an equipped kitchen and modern bathroom. The apartment has been fully renovated: the bathroom, kitchen, and all the appliances are modern and of the highest quality, while the original elements of the apartment have been carefully and meticulously restored, including the antique white marble fireplace, limestone walls, and 18th century oak beams. The apartment re	Brand new penthouse apartment in the heart of the Marais that combines historic beauty with every modern convenience, including an elevator (rare in this neighborhood) & central air-conditioning.    Located in one of the most fashionable areas of the city with museums, art galleries, shopping, historical architecture and beautiful parks at your doorstep, this stylish penthouse is a true gem. It has the rare combination of being located in the heart of the city, in the oldest and best preserved neighborhood in Paris, and on the 6th and top floor with an elevator (up to the 5th floor) of a beautiful building. The street the apartment is on dates to the 1100s and is considered one of the most historic and beautiful medieval streets in the city, even by high Parisian standards. The apartment has central air-conditioning, with an equipped kitchen and modern bathroom. The apartment has been fully renovated: the bathroom, kitchen, and all the appliances are modern and of the highest quality, 
35010	This bright, spacious rental apartment in Paris (80m2) comprises of a large, smartly furnished, comfortable open plan living and dining space with cable TV and DVD player, Hi-Fi, phone and internet access. Located on the 4th (EU) floor, the two floor-to-ceiling casement windows overlook the Ile St Louis towards Pont Marie and Pont La Tournelle. The living area has a smart oak floor, two couches, one of which easily converts into a comfortable double bed, book shelves, a “coffee table” and side tables. The dining table seats 6 (and extends to seat 8), there are 8 comfortable dining chairs and the modern kitchen is equipped with top of the range appliances (American Fridge Freezer, oven, hob, dishwasher, extractor fan, microwave etc) and plenty of quality cookware, utensils and crockery. The master bedroom of this apartment in Paris  has a large double bed and the second bedroom has two single beds – all very comfortable and furnished with top quality mattresses, duvets, pillows and bed 	You will find this jewel of Paris short term apartments to be a Â“home away from homeÂ”. In the gorgeous location of Saint Louis Island, it is surrounded by attractions to visit, cafes, restaurants and local speciality food shops. This bright, spacious rental apartment in Paris (80m2) comprises of a large, smartly furnished, comfortable open plan living and dining space with cable TV and DVD player, Hi-Fi, phone and internet access. Located on the 4th (EU) floor, the two floor-to-ceiling casement windows overlook the Ile St Louis towards Pont Marie and Pont La Tournelle. The living area has a smart oak floor, two couches, one of which easily converts into a comfortable double bed, book shelves, a “coffee table” and side tables. The dining table seats 6 (and extends to seat 8), there are 8 comfortable dining chairs and the modern kitchen is equipped with top of the range appliances (American Fridge Freezer, oven, hob, dishwasher, extractor fan, microwave etc) and plenty of quality cookw
35011	Appartement au calme en plein cœur du Marais! Au pied du métro Saint Paul, Paris et ses plus beaux monuments vous tendent les bras ! Idéalement situé entre les bords de Seine et les rues foisonnantes du Marais (à proximité des commerces et restaurants), cet appartement se révèle être un point de chute parfait pour profiter de la ville.  Très lumineux avec une vue dégagée sur cour et sans vis-à-vis, l’appartement de 30m² se situe au 4ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur) d’un immeuble typiquement parisien. Idéal pour un couple, l’appartement est équipé de toutes les commodités : une grande chambre avec un lit double (draps et rangements sont à votre disposition) une  cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, plaque vitrocéramique, four micro-ondes, machine à laver, grille-pain, bouilloire), et une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes (des serviettes de toilettes seront à votre disposition).  Si vous avez des questions, n'hésitez pas à nous contacter ! 	Appartement 2 pièces au calme en plein cœur du Marais! Au pied du métro Saint Paul, Paris et ses plus beaux monuments vous tendent les bras ! Idéalement situé entre les bords de Seine et les rues foisonnantes du Marais (à proximité des commerces et restaurants), cet appartement se révèle être un point de chute parfait pour profiter de la ville.  Très lumineux avec une vue dégagée sur cour et sans vis-à-vis, l’appartement de 30m² est au 4ème et dernier étage d’un immeuble typiquement parisien. Appartement au calme en plein cœur du Marais! Au pied du métro Saint Paul, Paris et ses plus beaux monuments vous tendent les bras ! Idéalement situé entre les bords de Seine et les rues foisonnantes du Marais (à proximité des commerces et restaurants), cet appartement se révèle être un point de chute parfait pour profiter de la ville.  Très lumineux avec une vue dégagée sur cour et sans vis-à-vis, l’appartement de 30m² se situe au 4ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur) d’un immeuble typiquement p
35012	Emplacement exceptionnel.  Le studio de 35 m2 donne sur une jolie cour intérieure et permet de profiter du calme tout en étant au coeur du plus vieux quartier parisien et le plus animé.	Studio très calme en plein  coeur du Marais, dans le vieux Paris. Quartier très animé, idéalement situé à proximité immédiate des bistrots, restaurants, musées, quartier latin. Hyper central. Tout peut se faire à pieds. Emplacement exceptionnel.  Le studio de 35 m2 donne sur une jolie cour intérieure et permet de profiter du calme tout en étant au coeur du plus vieux quartier parisien et le plus animé. Accès au logement entier. 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Disponible pour vous donner toutes les informations nécessaires pour que votre séjour soit le plus agréable possible. Emplacement exceptionnel au coeur du vieux Paris dans le Marais. A partir du studio vous pouvez visiter tous les sites qui font le charme de cette ville à pieds. Les bistrots et  les restaurants y sont très nombreux et les musées sont à proximités immédiates. Tous les transports sont à moins de 10 minutes à pieds (métro ligne 1, RER châtelet, bus). 3 nuits minimum
35013	This apartment is situated on one of the historic and picturesque streets that run through the small island of Ile Saint Louis in the middle of the middle of Paris.  Only a short walk to Notre Dame, the Marais, and Saint Michel. This apartment is an oasis of peace and comfort to come home to and to respect. It is not appropriate for party nor noisy guests. other features • 2 king-size luxury waterbeds. • optic fiber 100-400MB internet with WIFI. • Bowers & Wilkins A7 Airplay sound device for iDevices. • free worldwide landline phone calls NO LOUD HOSTS, NOR NIGHTCLUBBING IN THE BUILDING !	This apartment is situated on one of the historic and picturesque streets that run through the small island of Ile Saint Louis in the middle of the middle of Paris.  Only a short walk to Notre Dame, the Marais, and Saint Michel Oasis of peace This apartment is situated on one of the historic and picturesque streets that run through the small island of Ile Saint Louis in the middle of the middle of Paris.  Only a short walk to Notre Dame, the Marais, and Saint Michel. This apartment is an oasis of peace and comfort to come home to and to respect. It is not appropriate for party nor noisy guests. other features • 2 king-size luxury waterbeds. • optic fiber 100-400MB internet with WIFI. • Bowers & Wilkins A7 Airplay sound device for iDevices. • free worldwide landline phone calls NO LOUD HOSTS, NOR NIGHTCLUBBING IN THE BUILDING ! everything but TV, dining table nor loud music from neighbours
35014	Venez vous ressourcer dans un bel appartement cosy et plein de charme dans un immeuble  fin 17ème, avec ascenseur, idéalement situé entre la Place de la Bastille et la Place des Vosges. Vous y trouverez : - Un grand salon charmant, sous des poutres apparentes, avec une vue sur les toits de la place des Vosges et sans vis-à-vis, équipé d'un téléviseur à écran plat, avec une puissante connexion internet en wifi (fibre optique), une chaîne stéréo, un grand canapé-lit pour deux personnes, un fauteuil individuel avec repose-pieds, une machine Nespresso... - Une chambre indépendante avec un lit deux places (et la possibilité d'accueillir un enfant en bas âge grâce à un lit parapluie) - Une salle de bains avec baignoire - Une petite cuisine entièrement équipée, avec lave-vaisselle et lave-linge Le quartier est idéal pour séjourner à Paris. Autant pour le travail que pour le tourisme.  Car outre la station de métro à 100m de l'appartement et les innombrables arrêts de bus et stations Vélib pou	2 pièces de 50m2 typique, poutres apparentes, cuisine indépendante. Possibilité d'accueillir 4 pers avec un convertible dans le salon. Wifi, TV... A  2 min de Bastille et des métros, rue calme et vue donnant sur les toits de la place des Vosges. Venez vous ressourcer dans un bel appartement cosy et plein de charme dans un immeuble  fin 17ème, avec ascenseur, idéalement situé entre la Place de la Bastille et la Place des Vosges. Vous y trouverez : - Un grand salon charmant, sous des poutres apparentes, avec une vue sur les toits de la place des Vosges et sans vis-à-vis, équipé d'un téléviseur à écran plat, avec une puissante connexion internet en wifi (fibre optique), une chaîne stéréo, un grand canapé-lit pour deux personnes, un fauteuil individuel avec repose-pieds, une machine Nespresso... - Une chambre indépendante avec un lit deux places (et la possibilité d'accueillir un enfant en bas âge grâce à un lit parapluie) - Une salle de bains avec baignoire - Une petite cuisine entièremen
35015		Charming big studio next to Place de Vosges, the nicest area of the Marais. Big living room, equiped kitchen and big bathroom. Very luminous and quiet. Perfect for 2-3 people.
35016	Here you will find clean, modern lines within a 200-year-old space of rough stone & brick walls and exposed wood beam ceilings. The owner/architect has renovated this light and airy large studio to give you a Parisian loft space, entirely open, with four great windows facing out to the street and the Place du Bourg-Tibourg, near the BHV in the Marais. The closest Metro is the Hôtel de Ville (lines 1&11). You go up a tiny stair from the street to the second floor, and walk into the grand open living space. It has dining for four, a large bed for two and a fold-out sofa bed for one. There is high speed internet access and WIFI, cable TV, CD player and telephone. The kitchen has a full refrigerator and freezer, sink, gas and electric stove top, oven, dishwasher, clothes washer/dryer, microwave, coffee pot, tea kettle, glasses and dishes, pots and pans. The bathroom, following the general aesthetic, is not closed off but hidden behind a partition, keeping an open, airy quality to the space	Here you will find clean, modern lines within a 200-year-old space of rough stone & brick walls and exposed wood beam ceilings. The owner/architect has renovated this light and airy large studio to give you a Parisian loft space, entirely open, with four great windows facing out to the street and the Place du Bourg-Tibourg, near the BHV in the Marais. The closest Metro is the Hôtel de Ville (lines 1&11). You go up a tiny stair from the street to the second floor, and walk into the grand open living space. It has dining for four, a large bed for two and a fold-out sofa bed for one. There is high speed internet access and WIFI, cable TV, CD player and telephone. The kitchen has a full refrigerator and freezer, sink, gas and electric stove top, oven, dishwasher, clothes washer/dryer, microwave, coffee pot, tea kettle, glasses and dishes, pots and pans. The bathroom, following the general aesthetic, is not closed off but hidden behind a partition, keeping an open, airy quality to the space
35017	You can walk to Place des Vosges, l’Île St-Louis, Notre Dame cathedral and the Bastille in under fifteen minutes. The studio was renovated by an architect in spring 2013 and is arranged as follows:  On the third floor (fourth floor US).  Small hallway leading to the main room which has a small, fully equipped, open plan, fitted kitchen, a bar with two stools, seating area with modern, very comfortable foldaway (into a cupboard) bed for two people:150x180. This lovely bathroom has a large walk-in shower, basin, WC, washer-dryer and storage cupboard. Travaux de renovation dans l'immeuble: Les travaux sont du lundi au vendredi, de 8h à 17h. Il n’y a pas de travaux le week-end. Des échafaudages seront installés devants les fenêtres. Les travaux ne sont pas bruyant. Renovation work in the building: The work are Monday to Friday, 8 am to 17h. There is no work on weekends. Scaffoldings will be installed ahead of the windows. The works are not noisy.	This studio is on the right bank, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, the historic Marais, a few metres from Rue des Rosiers and the Hôtel de Ville, in a lively area, near to shops.  The apartment is less than 100 metres from the Hôtel de Ville metro You can walk to Place des Vosges, l’Île St-Louis, Notre Dame cathedral and the Bastille in under fifteen minutes. The studio was renovated by an architect in spring 2013 and is arranged as follows:  On the third floor (fourth floor US).  Small hallway leading to the main room which has a small, fully equipped, open plan, fitted kitchen, a bar with two stools, seating area with modern, very comfortable foldaway (into a cupboard) bed for two people:150x180. This lovely bathroom has a large walk-in shower, basin, WC, washer-dryer and storage cupboard. Travaux de renovation dans l'immeuble: Les travaux sont du lundi au vendredi, de 8h à 17h. Il n’y a pas de travaux le week-end. Des échafaudages seront installés devants les fenêtres. Les travau
35018	Appartement idéalement situé en plein cœur du marais à deux pas de l'île saint Louis du métro saint Paul et Bastille. Commerces à proximité. Tous les magasins sont ouverts le dimanche.	Pretty apartment & very good location : close to St.paul, Bastille and Sully Morland subway stations. Place des Vosges is at 2min to walk. Also, 3 rooms (one bedroom, living room with kitchen and bar, Bathroom, toilets). Best district to do shopping
35019	"The apartment is extremely well located at 26 Rue des Rosiers, the heart of Parisian life, in the Marais. Surrounded by many cafés, restaurants, theaters and other places of cultural and historical interest like museum Picasso, museum Carnavalet, Center Georges Pompidou, museum shoah, Noter- Dame, Bastille, République. On Sunday, the street becomes pedestrian, leaving walkers wander at will, in this authentic Paris. The apartment ""Rose du Marais,"" awaits you on the 3rd floor with lift of a private road. Nicely decorated, quiet and sunny, it hosts throughout the year lovers of the capital. There's a big living room with a sofa, a table with chairs, a TV, a kitchen opened on the living room full furnished with a wash machine, a micro-wave, a fridge, 2 hob, dishes, a toaster, a kettle, a coffee pot. Comprising a queen bed on the bedroom with wardrobe. A bathroom with a shower, a wash basin and a toilet.  There's WIFI and channel cable. To facilitate your arrival, a small safe with code wa"	"In the 3rd floor in the tipical Parisien apartment, style Haussmannien, situated in the heart of Marais, rue des rosiers. Charming and quiet apartment is 30m2 with an open- space with kitchen, a bedroom with a queen bed and a bathroom with a shower. The apartment is extremely well located at 26 Rue des Rosiers, the heart of Parisian life, in the Marais. Surrounded by many cafés, restaurants, theaters and other places of cultural and historical interest like museum Picasso, museum Carnavalet, Center Georges Pompidou, museum shoah, Noter- Dame, Bastille, République. On Sunday, the street becomes pedestrian, leaving walkers wander at will, in this authentic Paris. The apartment ""Rose du Marais,"" awaits you on the 3rd floor with lift of a private road. Nicely decorated, quiet and sunny, it hosts throughout the year lovers of the capital. There's a big living room with a sofa, a table with chairs, a TV, a kitchen opened on the living room full furnished with a wash machine, a micro-wave, a "
35020	"A very charming, cozy and tidy place is waiting for you. The studio is nicely decorated, a unique environment for enjoying a very pleasant and authentic Parisian experience. This is the ideal studio flat for couples, or the single traveler, looking for a great location in central Paris.  Are you visiting Paris for the first time ever? You must choose a charming and comfortable place with the best central location possible.   Are you still in love with the City of Lights and want to go back? For those coming again to Paris you deserve to enjoy the city in authentic way and feel & experience the local atmosphere like Parisians usually do and no longer as simple tourists.  Either if you are coming for professional or leisure purposes this is the ideal ""pied à terre"" place for having a perfect base staying in one of the most beautiful and well located neighbors in central Paris!  In fact, the studio flat is located in “Le Marais”, close to Saint Paul metro station (line 1). The studio is a"	Charming small studio flat located in beautiful district (Le Marais) situated in the heart of Paris. This is the ideal studio flat for couples, or the single traveler, looking for a place to enjoy a very comfortable & authentic Parisian experience.  A very charming, cozy and tidy place is waiting for you. The studio is nicely decorated, a unique environment for enjoying a very pleasant and authentic Parisian experience. This is the ideal studio flat for couples, or the single traveler, looking for a great location in central Paris.  Are you visiting Paris for the first time ever? You must choose a charming and comfortable place with the best central location possible.   Are you still in love with the City of Lights and want to go back? For those coming again to Paris you deserve to enjoy the city in authentic way and feel & experience the local atmosphere like Parisians usually do and no longer as simple tourists.  Either if you are coming for professional or leisure purposes this is t
35021	STANDING Very nice Haussman building. The apartment is located on the 4th floor with elevator. South exposed with many windows, it is a very bright apartment. Windows are double glazed, it has been recently renovated. LAYOUT 77m2 apartment composed with a main living room and two bedrooms. The living/dining room is quite large and easy to live with 4 large windows giving a nice view on Paris roofs. The kitchen, fully equipped with high technology materials is very modern and open onto the dining room. You will be able to have a great dinner with up to 6/8 persons. The first bedroom gets two single beds (90*200) that can be put to gather to have a double bed. On the second one, you have a double bed (160*200). The marble bathroom is just superb with a bathtub and a separate walk-in shower. Toilets are separated from the bathroom just next door. In two words, this place is just the place to stay. Great location, amazing apartment just renovated... Do not miss this one!	77m2 two bedrooms apartment to rent in Paris in Marais district. Just renovated, splendid, 4th floor with an elevator, sunny,... this apartment is just perfect! STANDING Very nice Haussman building. The apartment is located on the 4th floor with elevator. South exposed with many windows, it is a very bright apartment. Windows are double glazed, it has been recently renovated. LAYOUT 77m2 apartment composed with a main living room and two bedrooms. The living/dining room is quite large and easy to live with 4 large windows giving a nice view on Paris roofs. The kitchen, fully equipped with high technology materials is very modern and open onto the dining room. You will be able to have a great dinner with up to 6/8 persons. The first bedroom gets two single beds (90*200) that can be put to gather to have a double bed. On the second one, you have a double bed (160*200). The marble bathroom is just superb with a bathtub and a separate walk-in shower. Toilets are separated from the bathroom
35022	L’appartement Marais Paris center se situe, comme son nom l’indique, en plein cœur du Marais a coté de la place de la Bastille et de la rue Saint Antoine , territoire parisien célèbre pour son ambiance village en journée mais également pour sa vie nocturne.  A mi chemin entre les places de la Place de la bastille et la  place et des Vosges, c’est à pied que vous pourrez découvrir les Iles Saint Louis et de la Cité ou bien encore la célèbre place de la Bastille.  Enfin,la ligne de métro n° 1 (station Bastille ou  Saint Paul) à proximité vous permettra de rejoindre le Louvre, les Champs Elysées et toutes les autres destinations incontournables de Paris.  L’appartement :  L’appartement  est situé est au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble traditionnel parisien.  The marais apartment is perfectly located. Close to the marais district, a very popular spot because of its many restaurants and shops, and with subway line 1 just steps away, that gives you direct access to Paris' historic 	marais bastille  L’appartement Marais Paris center se situe, comme son nom l’indique, en plein cœur du Marais a coté de la place de la Bastille et de la rue Saint Antoine , territoire parisien célèbre pour son ambiance village en journée mais également pour sa vie nocturne.  A mi chemin entre les places de la Place de la bastille et la  place et des Vosges, c’est à pied que vous pourrez découvrir les Iles Saint Louis et de la Cité ou bien encore la célèbre place de la Bastille.  Enfin,la ligne de métro n° 1 (station Bastille ou  Saint Paul) à proximité vous permettra de rejoindre le Louvre, les Champs Elysées et toutes les autres destinations incontournables de Paris.  L’appartement :  L’appartement  est situé est au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble traditionnel parisien.  The marais apartment is perfectly located. Close to the marais district, a very popular spot because of its many restaurants and shops, and with subway line 1 just steps away, that gives you direct access to
35023	Welcome to this nice apartment steps from Centre George Pompidou surrounded by trendy restaurants and bars of the Marais. Full of light, it can accomodate up to 4 people.  Well equipped, located in a calm leafy square on the fourth floor with an elevator, it has just been renovated by an interior architect  It has an open kitchen( a stove,a microwave, a kettle, a coffeemaker etc.....)  The livingroom is provided with a  bedsofa and a thick extra matress, it has a flatscreenTV and a hifi.  In the bedroom, you will see a double bed, a desk, and lots of cupboards. It's a very good location if you wish to go out to restaurants, concerts, museums,shops etc...  Ther are lots of supermakets as well as plenty bakers around.  A little retaurant is being renovated and should open soon at street level Access via public transport  You are in the very center of Paris and the nearest metro stations are:  Rambuteau on line 11 and Chatelet ( very easy access from airports) on line 1,or 4 or 7 or 14.  	Welcome to this nice apartment steps from Centre George Pompidou surrounded by trendy restaurants and bars of the Marais. Full of light, it can accomodate up to 4 people.  Well equipped, located in a calm leafy square on the fourth floor with an elevator, it has just been renovated by an interior architect  It has an open kitchen( a stove,a microwave, a kettle, a coffeemaker etc.....)  The livingroom is provided with a  bedsofa and a thick extra matress, it has a flatscreenTV and a hifi.  In the bedroom, you will see a double bed, a desk, and lots of cupboards. It's a very good location if you wish to go out to restaurants, concerts, museums,shops etc...  Ther are lots of supermakets as well as plenty bakers around.  A little retaurant is being renovated and should open soon at street level Access via public transport  You are in the very center of Paris and the nearest metro stations are:  Rambuteau on line 11 and Chatelet ( very easy access from airports) on line 1,or 4 or 7 or 14.  
35024	"Romantic apartment under the roofs of Paris 3 large window overlooking the Seine and Notre Dame de Paris. Exposed beams and parquet Code access Lift & Tv - internet - telephone - airplay - b & o Candles Collection and Bang Olufsen system Separate bathroom with shower and sink . Washing machine , Hair dryer , ironing board and iron. Kitchen: 2 hot plates , microwave, toaster, fridge, Nespresso machine, Turkish and Italian coffee maker, wine bar . You have blinds for the light and the living room can be separate from the bedroom with 3 sliding ""Chinese blinds"". Based near St Germain des Près over Boulevard St Germain,  you can walk by night to most of Paris points of interest  Romantic apartment under the roofs of Paris 3 large window overlooking the Seine and Notre Dame de Paris. Exposed beams and parquet Code access Lift & Tv - internet - telephone - airplay - b & o Candles Collection and Bang Olufsen system Separate bathroom with shower and sink . Washing machine , Hair dryer , ironin"	"Romantic apartment under the roofs of Paris 3 large window overlooking the Seine and Notre Dame de Paris. Exposed beams and parquet Code access Lift & Tv - internet - telephone - airplay - b & o Lift and Secure Access Romantic apartment under the roofs of Paris 3 large window overlooking the Seine and Notre Dame de Paris. Exposed beams and parquet Code access Lift & Tv - internet - telephone - airplay - b & o Candles Collection and Bang Olufsen system Separate bathroom with shower and sink . Washing machine , Hair dryer , ironing board and iron. Kitchen: 2 hot plates , microwave, toaster, fridge, Nespresso machine, Turkish and Italian coffee maker, wine bar . You have blinds for the light and the living room can be separate from the bedroom with 3 sliding ""Chinese blinds"". Based near St Germain des Près over Boulevard St Germain,  you can walk by night to most of Paris points of interest  Romantic apartment under the roofs of Paris 3 large window overlooking the Seine and Notre Dame de"
35025	"Fully equipped and tastefully decorated , ""Le Beau Saint Paul "" has all the comfort and tranquility needed after a long day of sightseeing, shopping or work in the city. Quiet and brigh thanks to its 2 windows - doors that open onto a balcony overlooking a quiet street, the apartment is on the 2nd floor with lift. There is a beautiful courtyard garden (located on the first floor with a lift ) to cross to reach the apartment."	"In the center of Paris , in the heart of the Marais, in a modern building, this renovated studio boasts an extraordinary location at a few walk from Place des Vosges, Bastille, Notre- Dame, the Louvre, etc. Fully equipped and tastefully decorated , ""Le Beau Saint Paul "" has all the comfort and tranquility needed after a long day of sightseeing, shopping or work in the city. Quiet and brigh thanks to its 2 windows - doors that open onto a balcony overlooking a quiet street, the apartment is on the 2nd floor with lift. There is a beautiful courtyard garden (located on the first floor with a lift ) to cross to reach the apartment. Main room: a very comfortable sofa will welcome you during the day and  it'll become a bed of superior quality and confort when you open it during the night. Bathroom: modern with a spacious shower , heating , hair dryer . Kitchen: fully furnished with microwave , toaster , kettle , coffee machine , refrigerator, cooking utensils, pots, pans , glasses and variou"
35026	This charming apartment has all the modern amenities and equipment to ensure you have an enjoyable and comfortable stay. There is an abundant choice of cafes, bars and restaurants in the area. The fully equipped kitchen will allow you to stay in and cook if you prefer a quiet romantic evening at home. Local groceries, butchers, cheese shops and bread stores are just around the corner! The Marais is a trendy and vibrant neighborhood famed for it's fashion boutiques, galleries and museums. It is in the center of Paris and the apartment is conveniently located next to Bastille (lines 1,8,5) and Saint Paul (line 1) metro stations. From the apartment, you can just walk everywhere! Come and enjoy Paris as a local! I have many recommendations waiting for you! I look forward to helping you live an unforgettable experience in Paris! YOU WILL FIND IN THE APARTMENT:  *Complmentary access to High Speed Wi-fi  *Spacious living room with chairs and dining table  *Flat screen TV  *Large comfortable L	Located in the heart of the MARAIS district and just steps away from the famous Place des Vosges, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris!     This charming apartment has all the modern amenities and equipment to ensure you have an enjoyable and comfortable stay. There is an abundant choice of cafes, bars and restaurants in the area. The fully equipped kitchen will allow you to stay in and cook if you prefer a quiet romantic evening at home. Local groceries, butchers, cheese shops and bread stores are just around the corner! The Marais is a trendy and vibrant neighborhood famed for it's fashion boutiques, galleries and museums. It is in the center of Paris and the apartment is conveniently located next to Bastille (lines 1,8,5) and Saint Paul (line 1) metro stations. From the apartment, you can just walk everywhere! Come and enjoy Paris as a local! I have many recommendations waiting for you! I look forward to helping you live an unforgettable experience in Paris!
35027	Nice 2 rooms appartement,  sunny and quiet, in the heart of Paris, with view on the Pompidou / Beaubourg center.  The kitchen is fully equipped with ceramic plates, micro wave, toaster, fridge, tea kettle.  The bathroom is with shower. You will sleep in the very confortable sofa-bed; the lounge / bedroom is equipped with speakers for your MP3 player or computer.  The apartment is in the best area to enjoy your stay in Paris. Totally central between Les Halles, The rue de Rivoli and its many fashion shops, the famous, wonderful historical area Le Marais, at a short walk away from the Hotel de Ville and the Seine, The Ile de la Cité, you will adore to be at 5 minutes from everything.  All the shops, supermarkets, bakeries, delicatessens, wein shops, cheese shops, everything you can dream of, are also a few steps away, and you will have more than enough to choose from in the way of restaurants, cafés, bars, clubs.... Just downstairs, the café/theater de la Gare offers you a charming and q	Nice 2 rooms appartement,  sunny and quiet, in the heart of Paris, with view on the Pompidou / Beaubourg center.  The kitchen is fully equipped with ceramic plates, micro wave, toaster, fridge, tea kettle.  The bathroom is with shower. You will sleep in the very confortable sofa-bed; the lounge / bedroom is equipped with speakers for your MP3 player or computer.  The apartment is in the best area to enjoy your stay in Paris. Totally central between Les Halles, The rue de Rivoli and its many fashion shops, the famous, wonderful historical area Le Marais, at a short walk away from the Hotel de Ville and the Seine, The Ile de la Cité, you will adore to be at 5 minutes from everything.  All the shops, supermarkets, bakeries, delicatessens, wein shops, cheese shops, everything you can dream of, are also a few steps away, and you will have more than enough to choose from in the way of restaurants, cafés, bars, clubs.... Just downstairs, the café/theater de la Gare offers you a charming and q
35028	"** Update: I have now two Wifi spots in house :) ** ** Long-stay discount: 1 night free per week booked :) ** Here is a little and really cute flat for a 2-3 person stay in downtown Paris, in the heart of the famous ""Marais"" district, at the crossroads of the Gay and Jew streets of the capital (the Chinese are not very far as well!).  The flat (23 m2 / 252 sq ft) is very calm, located on the 4th floor, with two windows on a almost non-circulating very tight street, sunny from 9am (if you don't like my curtains, just let the sun wake you up at 9 right in the bed !) to 2pm. The district is the most central (nearest metro station is... Hotel de Ville/Town Hall on lane 1), you have a 9am-10pm supermarket at 1min, tons of bars and places to eat until really late, and gay clubs for those who want. At a 5min walk you will get at Centre Pompidou/Beaubourg, at 10min you can reach Chatelet les Halles (biggest mall in Paris), rue de Rivoli, Quartier Latin, Bastille... Well, that's the positive po"	"A cosy and quiet small appartment in the heart of Le Marais. A top spot to discover Paris just walking around :) ** Update: I have now two Wifi spots in house :) ** ** Long-stay discount: 1 night free per week booked :) ** Here is a little and really cute flat for a 2-3 person stay in downtown Paris, in the heart of the famous ""Marais"" district, at the crossroads of the Gay and Jew streets of the capital (the Chinese are not very far as well!).  The flat (23 m2 / 252 sq ft) is very calm, located on the 4th floor, with two windows on a almost non-circulating very tight street, sunny from 9am (if you don't like my curtains, just let the sun wake you up at 9 right in the bed !) to 2pm. The district is the most central (nearest metro station is... Hotel de Ville/Town Hall on lane 1), you have a 9am-10pm supermarket at 1min, tons of bars and places to eat until really late, and gay clubs for those who want. At a 5min walk you will get at Centre Pompidou/Beaubourg, at 10min you can reach Cha"
35029	2 rooms // 30 m2, ideal for 2 people, located in the heart of the Marais. Between the Place des Vosges and Pompidou Center, 2 minutes walk from the Picasso Museum and the rue des Rosiers, close to all shops and transports (underground line 11 - Rambuteau / / line 1 - Hotel City or St Paul). (It's an historic district-area, Cars are forbiden on sundays) The apartment overlooks a quiet courtyard and is located on the 4th floor of a condominium secure (guard + code input + security-door). It is composed of an entrance / kitchen, bathroom with shower, living room, separate bedroom. The apartment has been renovated in 2013 and equipped with all comforts: - wifi ADSL - TV - washing machine (with drying machine) - fitted kitchen with 4 hotplates, oven, refrigerator - microwave, kettle, toaster, iron and ironing board, crockery. Bed linen, towels and cleaning products are provided.	Apartment in the heart of the historic Marais. Very calm, well located and equipped with every comfort (fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, tv, wifi) .The apartment is located in a secure building. Close to shops, boutiques, bar. 2 rooms // 30 m2, ideal for 2 people, located in the heart of the Marais. Between the Place des Vosges and Pompidou Center, 2 minutes walk from the Picasso Museum and the rue des Rosiers, close to all shops and transports (underground line 11 - Rambuteau / / line 1 - Hotel City or St Paul). (It's an historic district-area, Cars are forbiden on sundays) The apartment overlooks a quiet courtyard and is located on the 4th floor of a condominium secure (guard + code input + security-door). It is composed of an entrance / kitchen, bathroom with shower, living room, separate bedroom. The apartment has been renovated in 2013 and equipped with all comforts: - wifi ADSL - TV - washing machine (with drying machine) - fitted kitchen with 4 hotplates, oven, refrigera
35030	I've been living in this place for years so I've tried to make it both very comfortable (luxury bed, giant TV) while preserving its loft style (large space, bar, deco furniture, marble fireplace, piano...). It is a 1-room loft and is best fit for a couple or 2 friends. I have a futon that can accomodate a 3rd person, but not ideal so I'd like to keep this for exceptional cases.	A romantic loft of 42m² (452 ft²) in Le Marais's main street, a few meters away from famous Place des Vosges: deco style, comfy, sunny (South orientation), with a luxury bed (latex), high speed wifi and a piano.  I've been living in this place for years so I've tried to make it both very comfortable (luxury bed, giant TV) while preserving its loft style (large space, bar, deco furniture, marble fireplace, piano...). It is a 1-room loft and is best fit for a couple or 2 friends. I have a futon that can accomodate a 3rd person, but not ideal so I'd like to keep this for exceptional cases. Guests have access to the entire apartment and amenities, including bed, bathroom, kitchen, washing machine, dryer, ironing board, piano, cable TV, blue ray, sound system, high speed wifi and books. I greet the guests when they arrive, provide the keys, answer their questions and leave them with a guide to the apartment :). The place is located a few meters away from famous Place des Vosges, the most lu
35031	one studio with a 2 person Bed 180 on Mezzanine and a sofa bed, bathroom with shower, equipped kitchen corner	"This nice studio is perfectly located in the heart of the Marais the beating heart of ""Le Paris Branché"" one studio with a 2 person Bed 180 on Mezzanine and a sofa bed, bathroom with shower, equipped kitchen corner one studio with a 2 person Bed 180 on Mezzanine and a sofa bed, bathroom with shower, equipped kitchen corner Since I may not be there, you will be welcome and help by the OhMyGuest team, they will be available for you for recommendations of the best spots in Paris and they will give you precious tips to discover the area and the rest of the city I will be glad to  give you some clues and recommendation to make your stay in Paris unforgettable This nice studio is perfectly located in the heart of the Marais the beating heart of ""Le Paris Branché""  It is located in avery animated area many bars and restaurants just around 2min  you are next to Hotel de Ville,  10 minutes to Notre Dame or Saint Paul and the heart of Marais. You are in the center of Paris, in one of the most fa"
35032	Located 1 min from Seine river, Marais and Hotel de Ville, last & 5th floor without elevator. Louis XV registered building from 1732. Charming living room with open kitchen, great views of Paris. Bedroom with 2 windows facing a pedestrian street and a closed garden. Bathroom with tub. Quiet. Metro : Hotel de Ville or Saint Paul or Pont Marie. Restaurants, bars, bakeries.. around. Best location for living in a quiet place, in the heart of busy Marais.  1 extra bed available for kid on real Japanese futon in living room.  1 minute by walk from heart of Le Marais with many parisian restaurants, shops and bakeries. 3 minutes from Ile Saint Louis, 5 minutes from Notre Dame...  	Located in the Marais, with a rooftop view, you will enjoy the maximum of the Great Paris staying here ! Located 1 min from Seine river, Marais and Hotel de Ville, last & 5th floor without elevator. Louis XV registered building from 1732. Charming living room with open kitchen, great views of Paris. Bedroom with 2 windows facing a pedestrian street and a closed garden. Bathroom with tub. Quiet. Metro : Hotel de Ville or Saint Paul or Pont Marie. Restaurants, bars, bakeries.. around. Best location for living in a quiet place, in the heart of busy Marais.  1 extra bed available for kid on real Japanese futon in living room.  1 minute by walk from heart of Le Marais with many parisian restaurants, shops and bakeries. 3 minutes from Ile Saint Louis, 5 minutes from Notre Dame...  
35033	1 bedroom with 1 comfy double bed. The couch also becomes a double bed (or 2 seperate single beds), easily hosting 4 in the heart of Paris. The ideal location in Paris, just off the Place des Vosges, in the very heart of Marais, this 40m2 apartment has a 9m2 balcony overlooking Rue de Turenne. 5 mins to Bastille. Walking distance to Ile-Saint-Louis, Notre-Dame, Republique and in middle of the best restaurants, bars and cafes of Marais. There is a comfy bed for 2 in the bedroom, and the futon (canapé lit) in the livingroom also converts to a double bed. An additional love seat can sleep a child. So can accomodate 5 people. Please note: it is on the 5th floor without elevator.	Ideal location for your stay in the very center of Paris. 30 second walk from Place des Vosges, in the trendiest and hippest part of the Marais. The apt features a balcony, a rarity in this part of the city. Enjoy your stay! 1 bedroom with 1 comfy double bed. The couch also becomes a double bed (or 2 seperate single beds), easily hosting 4 in the heart of Paris. The ideal location in Paris, just off the Place des Vosges, in the very heart of Marais, this 40m2 apartment has a 9m2 balcony overlooking Rue de Turenne. 5 mins to Bastille. Walking distance to Ile-Saint-Louis, Notre-Dame, Republique and in middle of the best restaurants, bars and cafes of Marais. There is a comfy bed for 2 in the bedroom, and the futon (canapé lit) in the livingroom also converts to a double bed. An additional love seat can sleep a child. So can accomodate 5 people. Please note: it is on the 5th floor without elevator. You will have access to high speed internet, telephone with unlimited calling to the US, Eu
35034	Gorgeous 58sqm one-bedroom apartment, rue des Deux Ponts, on the Ile Saint Louis, Paris IV. The apartment has entirely been designed and refurbished by a renown architect. The apartment comes fully equipped, with very high standard furnitures. The apartment is for up to 4 guests: - The bedroom has a queen size bed - The sofa in the living room turns into a queen size bed - Large and modern shower-room with a toilet - The kitchen comes fully equipped, with among many others: oven, stove, fridge, Nespresso machine, microwave, washing machie and dish washer, etc... The building is a former Middle Ages blacksmith shop, entirely refurbished. 1st floor without elevator	Superb 58sqm 1-BDR apt on the Ile Saint Louis!  Brand new, and entirely refurbished by a renown architect, this amazing apartment is located in a middle ages former blacksmith shop! In the very heart of Paris, for a very unique experience! Gorgeous 58sqm one-bedroom apartment, rue des Deux Ponts, on the Ile Saint Louis, Paris IV. The apartment has entirely been designed and refurbished by a renown architect. The apartment comes fully equipped, with very high standard furnitures. The apartment is for up to 4 guests: - The bedroom has a queen size bed - The sofa in the living room turns into a queen size bed - Large and modern shower-room with a toilet - The kitchen comes fully equipped, with among many others: oven, stove, fridge, Nespresso machine, microwave, washing machie and dish washer, etc... The building is a former Middle Ages blacksmith shop, entirely refurbished. 1st floor without elevator - Check-in will be at the appartment Please note our late check-in policy 20€ after 20:0
35035	In English  FLAT 32m2, 1 room  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom and 1 sofa bed tor one person. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, internet, TV. Located in the lively Le Marais area! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  STUDIO de  32m2, séjour avec un canapé convertible une place et un lit deux places de bonne qualité, une cuisine équipée, WC et salle de bains avec baignoire. Il dispose d'une machine à laver, sèche linge, fer à repasser, chauffages, sèche cheveux, internet illimité, TV. Important : le parking est en extra, 30€ la nuitée.  Rue Saint Paul est bien desservie, Métro Saint Paul ou Sully Morland. 30mn d	Un studio dans le Marais, profitez de sa proximité des endroits importants à visiter, comme Notre Dame, place des Vosges et tous les cafés/restaurants de la bastille. l'appartement peut accueillir 3 personnes avec tout le confort. In English  FLAT 32m2, 1 room  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom and 1 sofa bed tor one person. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, internet, TV. Located in the lively Le Marais area! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  STUDIO de  32m2, séjour avec un canapé convertible une place et un lit deux places de bonne qualité, une cuisine équipée, WC et salle de bains avec baignoire. Il dispose 
35036		Located in the heart of the Marais, with lift. Entirely renovated summer 2015, modern and warm decoration. (TV/internet), washing machine...Located in a quiet and lovely dead end street, cultural and lively area 7/7. Near Beaubourg, Hotel de Ville.
35037	70m2 +20m2 terrace and absolutely calm	This 70m2 apartment, in the heart of Le Marais district, and at a walking distance from Place des Vosges and the Bastille square, is located on the 2 nd floor ( no lift). It has  one real bedroom,a lounge looking out onto a terrace. Place is quiet, luminous. Originality, charm 70m2 +20m2 terrace and absolutely calm No restrictions except coffers locked Yes, welcomes the arrival and presentation of my home sweet home. You Will be here as exactly as in your home The proximité of everything. Opéra Bastille Large choice of restaurants Shops, all represented brands Thursday and sunday big market  Organic super market to near. Vous pouvez accéder au logement par le métro Bastille M1 , M5 et M8 ou par Bus. Les vélibs sont également disponibles rue de la bastille.
35038		Charming duplex . 52 sq mt. Fully furnished. Living , 1 bedroorm, kitched and bathroom in one of  most central location in Paris. 
35039	"Welcome in your new parisian flat ! Our sunny flat is located on the 5th floor of a typical parisian building from the early 20th century. The flat is fully furnished to comfortably accommodate 2 guests. a sunny and large living / dining room ( 344 sq. ft) with a 50"" flat screen, DVDs, Books... with a balcony. Bedroom with a queensize bed (150cm x 190cm) overlooking a garden. You will not ear anything except the birds in the morning ! A bathroom, with a large shower cubicle. Separated toilets A kitchen with everything you need ( hotplate, fridge, nespresso machine, toaster...) At your disposal : Wifi Free phone to over 100 countries Large TV screen Furnished kitchen dishwasher washing machine "	"On the 5th floor with elevator of a nice parisian building in the trendiest neighborhood of Paris. You're just a few steps from the Picasso Museum and the famous Place des Vosges, and surrounded by bars, restaurants, shops and art galleries. Welcome in your new parisian flat ! Our sunny flat is located on the 5th floor of a typical parisian building from the early 20th century. The flat is fully furnished to comfortably accommodate 2 guests. a sunny and large living / dining room ( 344 sq. ft) with a 50"" flat screen, DVDs, Books... with a balcony. Bedroom with a queensize bed (150cm x 190cm) overlooking a garden. You will not ear anything except the birds in the morning ! A bathroom, with a large shower cubicle. Separated toilets A kitchen with everything you need ( hotplate, fridge, nespresso machine, toaster...) At your disposal : Wifi Free phone to over 100 countries Large TV screen Furnished kitchen dishwasher washing machine I'll be there to welcome you at your arrival. I'll be av"
35040	Dear visitors, My name is Camille and I'm new on Airbnb. If you want to live the real parisian life, you are at the perfect place! Recently renovated one year ago, this appartment of 60 square meters is located at the heart of Le Marais area. The apartment is very charming, very quiet and completely furnished and equiped (TV with internal channels, wifi, wasching machine, oven,induction hob, shower with towels, bed with sheets,... ). It's located at one minute by feet from Saint Paul & Hotel de Ville metro stations, one minute from La Place des Vosges, three minutes from the Canal Saint Martin and next to all the famous places. You will find around the flat lots of very nice restaurants, friendly wine bars, shops and museums ( Georges Pompidou, Musée Picasso,...) If you have questions, don't hesitate to contact me! Camille	Dear visitors, My name is Camille and I'm new on Airbnb. If you want to live the real parisian life, you are at the perfect place! Recently renovated one year ago, this appartment of 60 square meters is located at the heart of Le Marais area. The apartment is very charming, very quiet and completely furnished and equiped (TV with internal channels, wifi, wasching machine, oven,induction hob, shower with towels, bed with sheets,... ). It's located at one minute by feet from Saint Paul & Hotel de Ville metro stations, one minute from La Place des Vosges, three minutes from the Canal Saint Martin and next to all the famous places. You will find around the flat lots of very nice restaurants, friendly wine bars, shops and museums ( Georges Pompidou, Musée Picasso,...) If you have questions, don't hesitate to contact me! Camille
35041	Appartement traversant (double exposition) à l'intérieur d'un hôtel particulier du XVIIIème siècle. Très belle hauteur sous plafond, planchers anciens et tomettes.	Appartement d'artistes dans bel hôtel particulier, 3 pièces dont 2 chambres. Entre Beaubourg et la Place des Vosges. Calme, convivial et très central. Parquet, tomettes et caractère.  Idéal pour une immersion au coeur du Paris historique. Appartement traversant (double exposition) à l'intérieur d'un hôtel particulier du XVIIIème siècle. Très belle hauteur sous plafond, planchers anciens et tomettes. Les voyageurs auront accès à deux cartes Velib' (vélos en libre service) et à un quartier commerçant, extrêmement convivial et central. Possibilité de tout faire à pied. Les voyageurs, s'ils le souhaitent, auront la possibilité de faire une petite visite du quartier avec les propriétaires. Ce quartier est l'un des plus beau de Paris.  c'est le quartier des musées et des îles (Cité et Saint-Louis). Le quartier bénéficie d'un grand nombre de squares, jardins et parc. C'est également une place de choix pour la mode et le shopping (Rue des Francs Bourgeois, Archives, BHV...) Métro : Hôtel de Vi
35042	388sqft (36m²) Studio apartment on the 5th floor of a beautiful Bourgeois building / Studio de 36 m² au 5° étage d'une belle copropriété Bourgeoise Lift available / Avec ascenseur Three French windows open on a 9 metre-long balcony  Trois portes fenêtres donnant sur un balcon filant de 9 m Designer bathroom with Italian-style shower / Salle de bain design avec douche à l’italienne Stunning view over the roofs and the Saint Paul church / Très belle vue dégagée sur les toits et St Paul Sunny and quiet / Ensoleillé et calme Washing machine available on the landing / Possibilité accès machine à laver sur le palier Free high speed WIFI internet / Acces WIFI rapide gratuit	Private luxury apartment in a perfect central location, beautifully furnished and comfortable with free high speed WiFi. With a stunning balcony overlooking the roofs of Paris, this clean and sunny apartment will offer you a true Parisian experience. 388sqft (36m²) Studio apartment on the 5th floor of a beautiful Bourgeois building / Studio de 36 m² au 5° étage d'une belle copropriété Bourgeoise Lift available / Avec ascenseur Three French windows open on a 9 metre-long balcony  Trois portes fenêtres donnant sur un balcon filant de 9 m Designer bathroom with Italian-style shower / Salle de bain design avec douche à l’italienne Stunning view over the roofs and the Saint Paul church / Très belle vue dégagée sur les toits et St Paul Sunny and quiet / Ensoleillé et calme Washing machine available on the landing / Possibilité accès machine à laver sur le palier Free high speed WIFI internet / Acces WIFI rapide gratuit Private access to a laundry room with washing machine / Accès privé à une
35043	A modern refurbished 5th floor (no elevator) one-bedroom apartment in an 18th century building located in the heart of the Marais. The apartment boasts  - a bright living room with a sofa-bed, an open-plan fully equipped kitchen and a small dining area - a bathroom with a shower as well as a washing machine  - a bedroom with a double bed and a view of Paris' rooftops The apartment is on a small quiet street next to la Place Ste. Catherine and is perfect for a Parisian get away. We will leave a welcome booklet in the apartment with useful information on sites to see and emergency numbers. Sites around the flat include la Place des Vosges, St. Louis and St. Paul's Church, the Bastille and the many restaurants and bars located in the Marais. Notre-Dame and the Ile St. Louis are a 10 min walk from the flat. The flat is a three minute walk from line 1, St. Paul station. There are vélib (bicylce stations) close to the flat as well as many buses. 	A modern refurbished one-bedroom flat on the fifth floor (no elevator) of an 18th century building in the heart of the Marais.
35044	Appartement de 2 pièces (32 m2) situé dans le cœur historique de Paris. Proximité musées, commerçants, alimentations, restaurants et bars. Appartement lumineux, situé au 4e étage sans ascenseur. Idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Proximité gare et tous transports.  Apartement (2 rooms, 32 m2) in the absolute center of Paris. Proximity museums, shops, food shops, restaurants and bars. Lightly, at the 4th floor without elevator. Perfect for a stay in Paris. Proximity stations and public transports.  Appartamento (bifocale, 32 m2) nel centro storico di Parigi. Vicinissimo musei, negozi, alimentazione, trattorie e bar. Luminoso, piano 4 senza ascensore. Perfetto per un viaggio a Parigi. Vicino stazione e trasporti pubblici.  	Charmant appartement (32 m2), immeuble du XVIIIe siècle à Saint-Paul, dans le centre historique de Paris, à proximité de tout.   Nice apartment (32 m2) in an 18th century building at Saint Paul, in the absolute center of Paris.    Appartement de 2 pièces (32 m2) situé dans le cœur historique de Paris. Proximité musées, commerçants, alimentations, restaurants et bars. Appartement lumineux, situé au 4e étage sans ascenseur. Idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Proximité gare et tous transports.  Apartement (2 rooms, 32 m2) in the absolute center of Paris. Proximity museums, shops, food shops, restaurants and bars. Lightly, at the 4th floor without elevator. Perfect for a stay in Paris. Proximity stations and public transports.  Appartamento (bifocale, 32 m2) nel centro storico di Parigi. Vicinissimo musei, negozi, alimentazione, trattorie e bar. Luminoso, piano 4 senza ascensore. Perfetto per un viaggio a Parigi. Vicino stazione e trasporti pubblici.   Par le train (gares Sncf), par métro et RE
35045		Derrière l'institut Suédois et son jardin, dans une rue calme au cœur du Marais et à deux pas du musée Picasso, appart sympa et lumineux sous les toits de Paris... 1 chambre avec lit double et 1 canapé-lit dans le salon
35046	Studio tout équipé idéalement situé. Surface totale : 14 m2. 5e étage, pas d'ascenseur. Fully equiped studio. Very center of Paris. 150 square feet. 5th floor, no elevator. Canapé-lit 160X200 / Sofa bed 160x200 Draps fournis/linen supplied. Kitchenette : frigo, four à micro-ondes, plaques à induction, bouilloire, vaisselle /  Kitchenette : fridge, 2 induction plates , micro wave-oven, kettle, crockery. Salle de bains avec douche.  Linge de toilette, sèche cheveux fournis. Bathroom & WC: bathtub, toilet .  Supplies : towels , hairdryer. Fer à repasser + petite table à repasser Iron and iron-board. 	Studio tout équipé idéalement situé. Surface totale : 14 m2. 5e étage, pas d'ascenseur. Fully equiped studio. Very center of Paris. 150 square feet. 5th floor, no elevator. Canapé-lit 160X200 / Sofa bed 160x200 Draps fournis/linen supplied. Kitchenette : frigo, four à micro-ondes, plaques à induction, bouilloire, vaisselle /  Kitchenette : fridge, 2 induction plates , micro wave-oven, kettle, crockery. Salle de bains avec douche.  Linge de toilette, sèche cheveux fournis. Bathroom & WC: bathtub, toilet .  Supplies : towels , hairdryer. Fer à repasser + petite table à repasser Iron and iron-board. Thé, café.  Tea, coffee provided. Je serai joignable pendant le séjour pour répondre aux questions des voyageurs. I'll be happy to help during your stay if you have any question. Quartier historique, boutiques, bars, restaurants.  Great district, very lively, trendy shops, bars, restaurants, museums.  Métro Hôtel de Ville (ligne 1) à 5mn à pied. Métro/RER Châtelet à 10mn à pied. 5mn's walk fro
35047	The place has been fully renovated and the building is well maintained and well heated in the winter - altough the building dates back to the 17th century, which is part of its charm. The appartment is very cosy and comfortable. It is also kids friendly and families are welcome. Although the neighborhood is very lively, it is extremely quiet inside the appartment so that sleeping-in in the morning is not a problem, especially if you roll down the electric shutters. The place opens into an inner courtyard, meaning that it sometimes lacks natural light.	cosy duplex, 2 bedrooms (queen beds), 2 bathrooms, living room w/convertible sofa, fits 4/6, fully equipped kitchen, conveniently located in heart of historical Paris (Ile Saint Louis). On second floor (one stair to walk up). 63 m2 / 206 sq. feet    The place has been fully renovated and the building is well maintained and well heated in the winter - altough the building dates back to the 17th century, which is part of its charm. The appartment is very cosy and comfortable. It is also kids friendly and families are welcome. Although the neighborhood is very lively, it is extremely quiet inside the appartment so that sleeping-in in the morning is not a problem, especially if you roll down the electric shutters. The place opens into an inner courtyard, meaning that it sometimes lacks natural light. First floor of the duplex offers: one room (queen bed), one bathroom (shower, sink and toilets), one living-room with dining table and 4 chairs, sofas, low table, pull-out bed (fits 2), corrid
35048	65 meters square large. 3 rooms : 1 kitchen with dinning room, 1 living room/bedroom, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1WC. Fully furnihed with 1 bed room, 2 living rooms  furnihed with 2 sofa bed and 1 additional single bed. The dinner room is next to the kitchen in witch is furnihed some new households appliances like dishwasher, washing machin, over, kettle... The bathroom is with a shower. 	First floor with elevator, face the street for living room and face backyard for rooms. Very quiet with subway station at 100 meters (Saint Paul), an area of 65 sqm 65 meters square large. 3 rooms : 1 kitchen with dinning room, 1 living room/bedroom, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1WC. Fully furnihed with 1 bed room, 2 living rooms  furnihed with 2 sofa bed and 1 additional single bed. The dinner room is next to the kitchen in witch is furnihed some new households appliances like dishwasher, washing machin, over, kettle... The bathroom is with a shower. The street in PAVEE, Hearth MARAIS close Place des Vosges, SEINE river, Antoine street, rue des Francs Bourgeois, Rue des ROSIERS. Metro Saint PAUL (line 1) direct to LOUVRE
35049	"STANDING Good standing building. The rental apartment in Paris is located on the second floor with an elevator. It looks onto the courtyard, and enjoys a real calm while remaining very sunny. LAYOUT 35 m2 apartment rental in Paris that has been recently renovated. It is composed of one main room with an open kitchen. The bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200). The bathroom, accessible by the bedroom, has a bathtub. With its high standing renovation and perfect location, you will love this ""pied à terre"" that is available to rent in Paris!"	"Renting this Paris short term apartment, with its excellent renovation and perfect location, provides you with a perfect ""pied à terre"" on the very enchanting island of Ile Saint Louis. Ideal for two people. STANDING Good standing building. The rental apartment in Paris is located on the second floor with an elevator. It looks onto the courtyard, and enjoys a real calm while remaining very sunny. LAYOUT 35 m2 apartment rental in Paris that has been recently renovated. It is composed of one main room with an open kitchen. The bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200). The bathroom, accessible by the bedroom, has a bathtub. With its high standing renovation and perfect location, you will love this ""pied à terre"" that is available to rent in Paris! LOCATION You will have an enchanting stay in the city in one of the few Paris rental apartments on this discreet and self-contained island  It is delightfully unspoiled and has a mixture of handsome 17Ith century architecture, modern boutiques, narr"
35050	Appartement traversant de 50 m2 salon avec 3 grandes fenêtres donnant sur impasse du trésor.  Chambre très calme sur cour, cuisine entièrement équipée moderne.  3 ème etages	Très bel appartement Haussmanien, dans une des plus fameuse impasse fleurie au coeur du Marais.  Idéalement placé pour shopping, sites touristiques, sortie bars/restaurants. Parquet, moulures, cheminée avec tout le confort moderne.  5jours minimum Appartement traversant de 50 m2 salon avec 3 grandes fenêtres donnant sur impasse du trésor.  Chambre très calme sur cour, cuisine entièrement équipée moderne.  3 ème etages If they need advise or good adress of course Cathédrale notre dame, île st Louis, best place to go out bars and restaurant, the only place where you have all shopping open on sunday . Metro st paul
35051	L'appartement est situé dans un immeuble typique du Marais : poutres apparentes, parquet, mais refait à neuf le rendant fonctionnel. En dernier étage, il est très lumineux et vous adorerez regarder le soleil se coucher sur les toits de Paris depuis la chambre. Le logement est mis à disposition d'un couple.	Appartement ancien ré-aménagé par un architecte, très fonctionnel et bien équipé. En plein coeur du Marais, entre Saint Paul et l'Hotel de ville, spacieux pour deux personnes, il permet de profiter à pied du charme des quartiers historiques de Paris. L'appartement est situé dans un immeuble typique du Marais : poutres apparentes, parquet, mais refait à neuf le rendant fonctionnel. En dernier étage, il est très lumineux et vous adorerez regarder le soleil se coucher sur les toits de Paris depuis la chambre. Le logement est mis à disposition d'un couple. L'appartement est entièrement accessible exception faite de la chambre des enfants. Nous restons joignable par mail et en cas d'urgence par téléphone. Le Marais est  un quartier à la fois chargé d'histoire  et très vivant, réunissant restaurants, shopping (nombreuses boutiques ouvertes tous les jours de la semaine) et nombreux musées (Centre Pompidou, Musée Carnavalet, Mémorial de la Shoah) ou lieux culturels (Théatre des Blancs manteaux
35052		Au coeur du Marais, bien située, au 2e étage d'un immeuble ancien, donnant sur cour, très petite chambre (7m2) idéal pour une nuit. Douche et WC attenants. Lit une place confortable, une table et 2 chaises. Possibilité de se faire du café et du thé.  Wi-fi
35053	Very well located flat in Paris, in Village Saint Paul, in the centre of the Marais, at 200m of the Seine river and Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame et Place des Vosges.  It is a quiet and cosy flat with 1 double bed (140x200cm) in a separated room, 2 simple beds (90x200cm) in the living room with TV, all equiped kitchen with cooktop and an oven, microwave, fridge, kettle, toaster, coffee maker, kitchen tool, washing machine, iron, internet wifi, a bathroom, household linens with towels included	Cosy Flat in the center of the Marais, you will be in a very cute neighborhood in the Village Saint Paul, Near Ile Saint Louis, Place des Vosges, Notre Dame de Paris. Very well located flat in Paris, in Village Saint Paul, in the centre of the Marais, at 200m of the Seine river and Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame et Place des Vosges.  It is a quiet and cosy flat with 1 double bed (140x200cm) in a separated room, 2 simple beds (90x200cm) in the living room with TV, all equiped kitchen with cooktop and an oven, microwave, fridge, kettle, toaster, coffee maker, kitchen tool, washing machine, iron, internet wifi, a bathroom, household linens with towels included Perfect to walk in the typical parisian streets, near Place des Vosges, ile Saint Louis and Notre Dame de Paris Subway Line 1 to go in 10 min to Concorde, Champs Elysées, Le Louvre, La Defense, Gare de Lyon
35054	The apartment is fully equipped with everything you may need during your stay. Fresh towels, shampoo, soap, and linen will be provided! There will also be additional surprises :)	Our two-room cosy newly renovated apartment is located on 4th floor of a historical Parisian building and is 39m2 size. It will comfortably fit up to four guests eager to discover the many sites located nearby (Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou, etc)! The apartment is fully equipped with everything you may need during your stay. Fresh towels, shampoo, soap, and linen will be provided! There will also be additional surprises :) Probably the best area of Paris to tour from. The building itself is classified as a historical structure. You'll experience the charm of the real traditional Paris! Public transportation is very convenient nearby: metro, bus, Velib bikes, taxi. I'll provide you with detailed explanation on how to travel around Paris using public transports. One thing to note: the apartment is located on the fourth floor of the building, and there is no elevator. It is really not that difficult to go up the stairs, but it may not be very convenient for younger and older guests.
35055	Great centrally located apartment. Charming older building, cozy, quiet, and secure.  Close to metro stations on both sides of the Seine (Pont Marie on the Right Bank, St. Michel on the Left Bank, and Cite on the Ile de la Cite). Berthillon is about a half block away, ATM within 50 yards, Notre Dame about 300 yards away.  It's 30 M2 LARGE on the 2th floor  with an intermediate floor where the 1.5 meter high under the celling with 1 large room , separate kitchen, bathroom and toilette.  The kitchen is furnihed with all new household appliance -washing machin, coffee machine, stove, oven The intermediate floor has 2 bed of 90 meters large, and the sofa bed move into a right bed with extra mattless of 160 cm. : SOFABED Very quiet with subway station at 100 meters (Pont Marie or Island of CITE . SAINT LOUIS is the heart of old Paris on a Island. This wisteria-adorned sanctuary, gated nightly to insure your tranquility, is just a few steps from the bustle of the city, from sidewalk cafés, t	It's 30 M2 LARGE on the 2th floor  with an intermediate floor where the 1.5 meter high under the celling with 1 large room , separate kitchen, bathroom and toilette.  Great centrally located apartment. Charming older building, cozy, quiet, and secure.  Close to metro stations on both sides of the Seine (Pont Marie on the Right Bank, St. Michel on the Left Bank, and Cite on the Ile de la Cite). Berthillon is about a half block away, ATM within 50 yards, Notre Dame about 300 yards away.  It's 30 M2 LARGE on the 2th floor  with an intermediate floor where the 1.5 meter high under the celling with 1 large room , separate kitchen, bathroom and toilette.  The kitchen is furnihed with all new household appliance -washing machin, coffee machine, stove, oven The intermediate floor has 2 bed of 90 meters large, and the sofa bed move into a right bed with extra mattless of 160 cm. : SOFABED Very quiet with subway station at 100 meters (Pont Marie or Island of CITE . SAINT LOUIS is the heart of ol
35056	Ce logement est très fonctionnel, lumineux et aéré. Particularité au sol: tomettes d'origine(carrelage). L'endroit est très calme et reposant. La cuisine est entièrement équipée: Four combiné/Réfrigérateur/Bouilloire/Grille pain/Machine à café/Lave vaisselle/Poubelles tri sélectif/Vaisselle/Tire bouchon/Ouvre boîte/Pailles pour boire/Liquide vaisselle, etc. La salle de bain est équipée d'une machine à laver et sécher le linge, d'un fer à repasser, d'une petite table à repasser.  La douche comprend de nombreux jets d'eau. Une serviette de toilette, un drap de bain et un gant de toilette par personne sont mis à disposition des vacanciers ainsi qu'un rouleau de papier hygiénique et du savon liquide.	Airport RCG. Bus connecting Paris-Opéra with Charles de Gaulle airport: Air-conditioned bus service between Paris(Opéra) and Charles De Gaulles airport(serving all terminals). Travel time: 75mn Where: 11 rue scribe 75009 Paris Dir. RCG: 5h15 to 00h30 Dir. Paris: 6h00 to 00h30 Frequency: 15-20mn Ticket: €11 Save time by purchasing your ticket in advance at all stations and automatic ticket machines.
35057	"Nice 45m2 flat near Pompidou Centre, right at the center of Paris. The apartment is very bright and newly renovated and features modern furnishing, complete with all that you could ever need. With elevator.  It is situated in the heart of the MARAIS 4th district, on a pedestrian street :  ""Saint Martin"" with its small shops and restaurants, about 20m from the Pompidou centre, about 200m (3 mins walk) to the Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame, and 600m (5 mins walk) to St Michel. Also nearby are the Louvre, the Marais, etc! It is ideally located to walk (almost) everywhere! With very easy access to the metro There is loads of activity around the flat itself - parks, cafe's, retail and delicious boulangerie's, plus buskers near the Pompidou.  The apartment for four persons has a seperate bedroom with a king-size bed (160), and a fold-out (Seat-Sofa-bed) couch ( 2 single beds.  80 ) is available in the lounge to sleep a further two people. Living-room with TV, sofa, dinner table and two big wi"	"Nice 45m2 flat near Pompidou Centre, right at the center of Paris. The apartment is very bright and newly renovated and features modern furnishing, complete with all that you could ever need. With elevator.  It is situated in the heart of the MARAIS 4th district, on a pedestrian street :  ""Saint Martin"" with its small shops and restaurants, about 20m from the Pompidou centre, about 200m (3 mins walk) to the Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame, and 600m (5 mins walk) to St Michel. Also nearby are the Louvre, the Marais, etc! It is ideally located to walk (almost) everywhere! With very easy access to the metro There is loads of activity around the flat itself - parks, cafe's, retail and delicious boulangerie's, plus buskers near the Pompidou.  The apartment for four persons has a seperate bedroom with a king-size bed (160), and a fold-out (Seat-Sofa-bed) couch ( 2 single beds.  80 ) is available in the lounge to sleep a further two people. Living-room with TV, sofa, dinner table and two big wi"
35058	Come stay at the most prestigious address in Paris: the Ile St. Louis! Colorful and bright, this large 1-bedroom apartment sleeps 4 guests, and is located on the 3rd floor apartment (with elevator). With a large living and dining area, everyone can spread out and relax after a long day of exploring Paris.  A spacious master bedroom with writing desk and storage allows you to unpack and feel at home.  Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We look forward to welcoming you soon and helping you feel at home here in Paris!	Ile St. Louis, colorful and bright, this large 1-bedroom apartment sleeps 4 guests, and is located on the 3rd floor apartment. With a large living and dining area, everyone can spread out and relax after a long day of exploring Paris. Come stay at the most prestigious address in Paris: the Ile St. Louis! Colorful and bright, this large 1-bedroom apartment sleeps 4 guests, and is located on the 3rd floor apartment (with elevator). With a large living and dining area, everyone can spread out and relax after a long day of exploring Paris.  A spacious master bedroom with writing desk and storage allows you to unpack and feel at home.  Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We look forward to welcoming you soon and helping you feel at home here in Paris! The fully-equipped kitchen had its own eating area, and is handy for those days when you want to prepare a meal at home with the wonderful fresh food you'll pick up at local street
35059	The main room,  overlooking the cobbled courtyard,  is furnished with a sofa bed convertible into a bed for two people, an arm chair, a TV area with a flat screen TVwith free access to international channels, inernet and  wifi,  a dining area with a table and chairs.  The kitchen ,  open to the living room is fully equipped and furnished and offers to you all that you need for good cooking It includes refrigerator, electric hobs, oven ,microwave, coffee machin A real wood flooring covers all the apartment The first  bedroom room, plum colored, has a double bed for 2 people which can be separated into two beds, a spacious closet and a dresser. The second bedroom, very cheerful with orange tones has a large double bed, a desk and a wardrobe.The windows of the two bedrooms are  overlooking a picturesque and very quiet pedestrian street  .The bathroom has a spacious shower cabin,a  wash basin with cupboard, toilets and a washer dryer machin 	Located in the heart of le Marais, close to la Seine and l'Ile Saint Louis, this beautiful apartment with two bedrooms will be ideal to discover Paris. It was recently completly renewed, new furnished and tastefully decorated. This apartment is located on the 2nd floor, with an elevator, in an ancient and authentic building in  “ le Marais quarter  “, completely renewed,  with a beautiful cobbled courtyard with trees, which gives a lot of character to the building . The main room,  overlooking the cobbled courtyard,  is furnished with a sofa bed convertible into a bed for two people, an arm chair, a TV area with a flat screen TVwith free access to international channels, inernet and  wifi,  a dining area with a table and chairs.  The kitchen ,  open to the living room is fully equipped and furnished and offers to you all that you need for good cooking It includes refrigerator, electric hobs, oven ,microwave, coffee machin A real wood flooring covers all the apartment The first  bedroom
35060	Even though it is a studio in terms of the overall space (29 sq. meters) there are walls between the kitchen the living room and the bedroom which I personally find very convenient. Each of these spaces has a big window! A rarity for Parisian studios.. The couch in the living room unfolds into a small 1.5 bed. The shower area is in the kitchen (old Parisian style). The toilet has a small wash basin.	Welcome to a charming 29 sq.m studio in the heart of Paris. Just round the corner from a beautiful canal Port de l'Arsenal and about 15 min. walking from Notre Dame the flat is located in one of the best parts of Paris. Even though it is a studio in terms of the overall space (29 sq. meters) there are walls between the kitchen the living room and the bedroom which I personally find very convenient. Each of these spaces has a big window! A rarity for Parisian studios.. The couch in the living room unfolds into a small 1.5 bed. The shower area is in the kitchen (old Parisian style). The toilet has a small wash basin. This is one of the best neighbourhoods in Paris. A beautiful canal Port de l'Arsenal on one side.. bank of Seine on the other (perfect for walks). About 10-15min walking from Hôtel de Ville, 15-20min walking from Notre Dame.. Right by the beautiful Ile Saint Louis. Jardin des Plantes and Pantheon are very close as well. You will basically be within walking distance to most o
35061	Hi every one, this flat is on rue des Archives, in the very heart and the best part of trendy Marais. We took great care of its refurbishing, with architects, tile masters and decorators. The result is a delicate piece of art for sophisticated life lovers. It counts a separate living room and a bedroom with en-suite bathroom. Entrance hall with separate toilets. The bed room has a true queen size bed, a big window on a private quiet courtyard and a brand new modern bathroom with both bath and walk-in shower in italian mosaic tiles. The stylish living room has  - dark wooden floor  - big windows bringing light in the room and view over the street's activity  - a comfortable sofa in feathers that converts into a queen size bed  - antic furnitures - a table + chairs ( perfect for dinner or work) - contemporary & fully equipped kitchen with all amenities hidden behind reflection doors, including dishwasher and laundry machine It includes WIFI, High Speed Internet, central heating. Please n	Hi every one, this flat is on rue des Archives, in the very heart and the best part of trendy Marais. We took great care of its refurbishing, with architects, tile masters and decorators. The result is a delicate piece of art for sophisticated life lovers. It counts a separate living room and a bedroom with en-suite bathroom. Entrance hall with separate toilets. The bed room has a true queen size bed, a big window on a private quiet courtyard and a brand new modern bathroom with both bath and walk-in shower in italian mosaic tiles. The stylish living room has  - dark wooden floor  - big windows bringing light in the room and view over the street's activity  - a comfortable sofa in feathers that converts into a queen size bed  - antic furnitures - a table + chairs ( perfect for dinner or work) - contemporary & fully equipped kitchen with all amenities hidden behind reflection doors, including dishwasher and laundry machine It includes WIFI, High Speed Internet, central heating. Please n
35062	You will sleep in a small bedroom on a nice mezzanine bed with 6 small steps to access the bed. The bed comfortably fits 2 persons. There is a TV and a DVD player in the room with a collection of awesome movies. The big window let the daylight in the room, but if you wish to sleep longer in the morning, there is always curtains. I provide fresh sheets and towels.  The flat is situated on the 3rd floor of the building without elevator.  I hope you will have a wonderful time in Paris and that your stay with me will be amazing! 	"Cool and comfortable room in a small apartment, situated in the middle of Paris, on the ""17th century-looking"" Ile Saint-Louis. It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet street, just a few minutes away from Notre Dame cathedral.  You will sleep in a small bedroom on a nice mezzanine bed with 6 small steps to access the bed. The bed comfortably fits 2 persons. There is a TV and a DVD player in the room with a collection of awesome movies. The big window let the daylight in the room, but if you wish to sleep longer in the morning, there is always curtains. I provide fresh sheets and towels.  The flat is situated on the 3rd floor of the building without elevator.  I hope you will have a wonderful time in Paris and that your stay with me will be amazing! As my guest, you will have an unlimited access to my very-fast WiFi internet connection. Direct access to the bathroom from the guest room. You can use the kitchen and the appliances as you need. However, I don't have a w"
35063	In one of the most vibrant street of Paris, you will be enchanted by the amazing silence of this sunny courtyard once you’ll pass the porch of this 17th century building. Covered with wooden floor and decorate with authentic moldings. I really hope that my grandmother’s Persian carpets, the two ancients fireplaces of our flat and the magical sunlight will keep ravishing you.	Spacious (58m2 / 624ft2), calm and authentic flat in the most central area of Paris. You will be surrounded by pedestrian streets and perfectly accommodate to taste most of the trendy, historical or contemporary opportunities that Paris has to offer. In one of the most vibrant street of Paris, you will be enchanted by the amazing silence of this sunny courtyard once you’ll pass the porch of this 17th century building. Covered with wooden floor and decorate with authentic moldings. I really hope that my grandmother’s Persian carpets, the two ancients fireplaces of our flat and the magical sunlight will keep ravishing you. A very fast optic fibre internet !! My washing machine, my kitchen tools and basic ingredients and my books. I'm very easily reachable on my mobile phone. As well as I am a food critic do not hesitate to ask me if you need tips or advices in you culinary journey. It is the most connected spot of paris in term of transportation and it is so central that you can enjoy mo
35064	The flat is located in the very center of Paris, with direct access to airports and main train stations. It is close to any convenience, in a very lively neighborhood, a few steps away from many city sights. It is cozy, spacious and full of light. Fully equipped, spacious (60 sq meters), safe and ideally situated flat. Within a maximum of 5 minutes walking, you can reach any of the following public transportation: Métro lines (phone number hidden); RER lines A, B, D (Direct access to the Parisian airports and train stations). Several buses, taxis stations and public bike stations (Vélib’). The flat is located in the center of Paris, a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, the Marais, the City Hall, the Louvre and La Seine. It is close to any convenience: supermarkets, restaurants, bars, museums, cinemas, grocers, bakery... For any stay of more than 4 days, you’ll be welcomed with a bottle of fresh Champagne (on the house, of course).	Our spacious and cosy flat is located in the very center of Paris. The Marais, the City Hall, La Seine and the main museums are just a few steps away. Fully equipped kitchen. Easy acces to transports. Can host 2 to 4 people. We are waiting for  !  The flat is located in the very center of Paris, with direct access to airports and main train stations. It is close to any convenience, in a very lively neighborhood, a few steps away from many city sights. It is cozy, spacious and full of light. Fully equipped, spacious (60 sq meters), safe and ideally situated flat. Within a maximum of 5 minutes walking, you can reach any of the following public transportation: Métro lines (phone number hidden); RER lines A, B, D (Direct access to the Parisian airports and train stations). Several buses, taxis stations and public bike stations (Vélib’). The flat is located in the center of Paris, a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, the Marais, the City Hall, the Louvre and La Seine. It is close to an
35065	Renovated studio 17m2  with  double bed, equipped kitchen , bathroom with shower, internet WiFi. Very quiet as windows look onto the courtyard. 3d floor with an elevator	Exceptional location, in the very heart of Marais area, in 2 steps from  Pompidou center. A perfect place to stay in, if you want to discover Paris on foot: 5 min from Hotel de Ville, 10 min from the Seine River, Notre Dame, 15 min from Louvre museum, etc.  Renovated studio 17m2  with  double bed, equipped kitchen , bathroom with shower, internet WiFi. Very quiet as windows look onto the courtyard. 3d floor with an elevator Renovated studio 17m2  with  double bed, equipped kitchen , bathroom with shower, internet WiFi. Very quiet as windows look onto the courtyard. 3d floor with an elevator Exceptional location, in the very heart of Marais area, in 2 steps from  Pompidou center. A perfect place to stay in, if you want to discover Paris on foot: 5 min from Hotel de Ville, 10 min from the Seine River, Notre Dame, 15 min from Louvre museum, etc. Metro stations Chatelet and Hotel de Ville (5 min walk) as well as Chatelet les Halles (direct access from the airports)
35066	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Bastille/Marais neighborhood with this newly refurbished 3 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in a few minutes walk and will enjoy the real Parisian life with all its cafes, restaurants, food shops and so much more around. On the 4th floor (with elevator) overlooking a quiet and sunny inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering the flat you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge and dinner space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, cooktops, combined microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home. The lounge part will offer you enough space to relax watching TV, surfing on the web or reading a nice book. The first bedroom : It offers a double size bed (140x190) and several cl	Discover Paris from the heart of the famous Bastille/Marais neighborhood with this newly refurbished 3 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris in a few minutes walk and will enjoy the real Parisian life with all its cafes, restaurants, food shops and so much more around. On the 4th floor (with elevator) overlooking a quiet and sunny inner court, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering the flat you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge and dinner space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, cooktops, combined microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home. The lounge part will offer you enough space to relax watching TV, surfing on the web or reading a nice book. The first bedroom : It offers a double size bed (140x190) and several cl
35067	Charmant petit 2 pièces de 32 mètres carré, il se compose d'un salon lumineux agrémenté d'un poêle décoratif, d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'une petite cuisine avec électroménager, et d'une salle d'eau.	2 pièces de 32 m2 métro St Paul dans le 4ème arrondissement, en plein coeur du marais. Situé a deux pas de la place des Vosges et de l'île saint Louis, proche de nombreux restaurants, musées et monuments. Charmant petit 2 pièces de 32 mètres carré, il se compose d'un salon lumineux agrémenté d'un poêle décoratif, d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'une petite cuisine avec électroménager, et d'une salle d'eau. L'appartement est équipé avec une télévision avec chaînes câblées, un accès internet Wi-fi gratuit, un lave linge sèche linge à votre disposition. Malheureusement je ne serai pas disponible lors de votre séjour en dehors du jour de votre arrivée pour vous accueillir et vous remette les clefs. Quartier très animé en plein cœur de Paris, riche de nombreux monuments et musées, très agréable pour se balader au milieu des hôtels particuliers et des boutiques ou sur les quais de Seine piéton le dimanche. Idéal également pour les sorties avec les restaurants et brasseries aux alentours. 
35068	"Located on ""L'Ile Saint-Louis "", near the Seine and Notre Dame, in a very famous area in the Historical heart of Paris, is situated my charming apartment. The decoration is according with the atmosphere of the place - cosy and classical. The stylish bedroom features a very comfortable double size bed for 2 guests, a dresser for storage,  TV and a hi-fi system to listen to some music. The apartment looks onto a quiet courtyard for a tranquil and quiet ambiance, a respite from the noises of the city. This apartment will be perfect for a couple with a child or for two friends traveling together. This place will be the nest you need to rest after a long day of discoveries in the city !"	"At the  tip of the island, between the arms of the Seine and just a step from Notre Dame, is my truely French elegant apartment. You will feel like a real Parisian to live in the heart of Paris, in the peace of this quite and luxurious cocoon. Located on ""L'Ile Saint-Louis "", near the Seine and Notre Dame, in a very famous area in the Historical heart of Paris, is situated my charming apartment. The decoration is according with the atmosphere of the place - cosy and classical. The stylish bedroom features a very comfortable double size bed for 2 guests, a dresser for storage,  TV and a hi-fi system to listen to some music. The apartment looks onto a quiet courtyard for a tranquil and quiet ambiance, a respite from the noises of the city. This apartment will be perfect for a couple with a child or for two friends traveling together. This place will be the nest you need to rest after a long day of discoveries in the city ! You will have access to all the flat. It's always a pleasure for "
35069	Enjoy living in the heart of Paris. With views overlooking a fairytale courtyard, steps away from the Cathedral Notre Dame de Paris, this newly renovated one bedroom apartment is overflowing with charm. The front door leads into the bright open plan sitting room and kitchen. With high quality parquet flooring throughout and a chic colour scheme, the sitting room has good storage space, a convertible sofa bed and a flat screen television. The equipped kitchen unit, with electric hob, oven, microwave, fridge and washing machine, is capable of preparing a fine French meal. Next to the kitchen lies the bedroom, with a double bed and bureau area with cute little alcove. There is a bathroom with shower, sink and wc. Have a look at this story shared by a tenant: (website hidden) WI-FI, Telephone and TV included. The property is on the 1st floor, no elevator.	Enjoy living in the heart of Paris. With views overlooking a fairytale courtyard, steps away from the Cathedral Notre Dame de Paris, this newly renovated one bedroom apartment is overflowing with charm. Enjoy living in the heart of Paris. With views overlooking a fairytale courtyard, steps away from the Cathedral Notre Dame de Paris, this newly renovated one bedroom apartment is overflowing with charm. The front door leads into the bright open plan sitting room and kitchen. With high quality parquet flooring throughout and a chic colour scheme, the sitting room has good storage space, a convertible sofa bed and a flat screen television. The equipped kitchen unit, with electric hob, oven, microwave, fridge and washing machine, is capable of preparing a fine French meal. Next to the kitchen lies the bedroom, with a double bed and bureau area with cute little alcove. There is a bathroom with shower, sink and wc. Have a look at this story shared by a tenant: (website hidden) WI-FI, Telepho
35070	The apartment can accomodates 4 people. There is a king size bed in the bedroom and a pull-out sofa in the living room which opens as a full double bed. The kitchen is full equiped with an oven, a fridge, a microwave, a toaster and a washing machine. The WIFI is available.  There will be clean bed linen and fresh towels for you to use. On your doorsteps, you will find plenty of restaurants, bars and shops (in the Marais area, everything is open 7/7 (which is not the case in the others neighboroods of Paris) The apartement is 1 min walking distance from Place des Vosges, 5 min walking distance from La seine and 10 min from Notre Dame. As the apartment is in the Center, you can do a lot of visits by foot. 	One bedroom apartment located in the trendy central neighborhood of the Marais. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a nice building and is located 2 minutes walking distance from the sub station Saint Paul.  The apartment can accomodates 4 people. There is a king size bed in the bedroom and a pull-out sofa in the living room which opens as a full double bed. The kitchen is full equiped with an oven, a fridge, a microwave, a toaster and a washing machine. The WIFI is available.  There will be clean bed linen and fresh towels for you to use. On your doorsteps, you will find plenty of restaurants, bars and shops (in the Marais area, everything is open 7/7 (which is not the case in the others neighboroods of Paris) The apartement is 1 min walking distance from Place des Vosges, 5 min walking distance from La seine and 10 min from Notre Dame. As the apartment is in the Center, you can do a lot of visits by foot. You can take everything you need for your breakfast!  mail The Marais is the m
35071	"Small comfortable one room apartment, fully renovated in 2011.  On the 3rd floor, giving onto years, quiet.  Convertible sofa very comfortable (width 2 x 80 or 160 wide). Shower, sink, induction hob, oven micro-ondes/convection, minibar,kettle, toaster, heater, iron and mini-table for iron, flat screen TV, internet high speed (wifi), folded table, 2 stools, pop-up chair, closet for your clothes. Shower inside and private toilet outside (right next door to the studio) The studio is located in the very heart of the Marais, near Place des Vosges , the rue des Rosiers with its delicious jewish bakeries, Centre Beaubourg and its modern art museum, National Archives and its garden across the street, near the Seine for a walk. Trendy café ""La Perle"" close too. A lot of art galleries and museums in this area of Paris, as well as bars and restaurants. Pedestrian street on Sunday.  There is a supermarket G20 very close, open until 20 pm.  Metro: Line 1 St. Paul, or Hotel de Ville. Line 1 crosses"	"Small comfortable one room apartment, fully renovated in 2011.  On the 3rd floor, giving onto years, quiet.  Convertible sofa very comfortable (width 2 x 80 or 160 wide). Shower, sink, induction hob, oven micro-ondes/convection, minibar,kettle, toaster, heater, iron and mini-table for iron, flat screen TV, internet high speed (wifi), folded table, 2 stools, pop-up chair, closet for your clothes. Shower inside and private toilet outside (right next door to the studio) The studio is located in the very heart of the Marais, near Place des Vosges , the rue des Rosiers with its delicious jewish bakeries, Centre Beaubourg and its modern art museum, National Archives and its garden across the street, near the Seine for a walk. Trendy café ""La Perle"" close too. A lot of art galleries and museums in this area of Paris, as well as bars and restaurants. Pedestrian street on Sunday.  There is a supermarket G20 very close, open until 20 pm.  Metro: Line 1 St. Paul, or Hotel de Ville. Line 1 crosses"
35072	There is double bed in the bedroom and one  sofa bed for 2 in the living room.	"Located in the historical center of Paris, the apartment,  with air-conditioning, is 2 steps away from Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville, the Seine and make it possible to wander in the Marais area. Newly renovated, the flat can accomodate 4 adults. There is double bed in the bedroom and one  sofa bed for 2 in the living room. I would be happy to help you out during your stay in Paris, by giving you useful address in the neighbourhood, just need to ask. The flat is located in the real heart of Paris. Which facilitate sightseeing on foot and is also very well served by public transport. You can enjoy the abundant number of restaurants and cafés located in the area or visit the many museums and art galleries nearby. The subway station Hotel de Ville is within 200m with quick access to RER ""Chatelet-Les Halles"" which goes directly to the airport or the many train stations of Paris."
35073	This charming apartment is situated on the 1st floor of a typical Parisian building, it’s a 44 sqm ,1 bedroom and a big living room. Located in the heart of the famous area of the MARAIS, in one of the older streets, rue Sainte-croix de la Bretonnerie just in the center of Paris. This street is the famoust place of Paris where you have to be with all its shops, bars, restaurant and supermarkets.Entering the building of good quality, typically Parisian, you will find a nice flowered courtyard, the apartment on the 1st floor overlooking the very quiet courtyard. The interior is as neat and tastefully decorated, the bathroom is equipped with a shower and a sink, the room has a large dressing room which is cleverly concealed a small washing machine. The living room is large with a dining area and lounge area. The absolute quiet, colorful decoration gives a very serene atmosphere and high quality. In the living room one person can sleep on the sofa or there is a bed wich you can inflat with	This charming apartment is situated on the 1st floor of a typical Parisian building, it’s a 44 sqm ,1 bedroom and a big living room. Located in the heart of the famous area of the MARAIS, in one of the older streets, rue Sainte-croix de la Bretonnerie just in the center of Paris. This street is the famoust place of Paris where you have to be with all its shops, bars, restaurant and supermarkets.Entering the building of good quality, typically Parisian, you will find a nice flowered courtyard, the apartment on the 1st floor overlooking the very quiet courtyard. The interior is as neat and tastefully decorated, the bathroom is equipped with a shower and a sink, the room has a large dressing room which is cleverly concealed a small washing machine. The living room is large with a dining area and lounge area. The absolute quiet, colorful decoration gives a very serene atmosphere and high quality. In the living room one person can sleep on the sofa or there is a bed wich you can inflat with
35074	Old World Chic Parisian Charm - in the HEART of the world’s most romantic city! My apartment dates from the late 18th or early 19th century (definitely need to verify the date!) and is situated in Paris’ 3rd arrondissement in a quarter known as Beaubourg - right next to the famous Pompidou Center - France’s National Museum of Modern Art (largest in Europe).  The apartment is conveniently located between the Marais, Les Halles and the pedestrian quarter of rue Montorgueil (great dining, shopping, entertaining & no cars!). You can easily walk to all center city sights and through charming neighborhoods (e.g. along the riverbanks of the Seine, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, lIe Saint Louis, the Picasso and loads of other museums).  However, if you need public transportation - be it a fly boat, bus, metro, suburban train or plane - so easy as the apartment is situated steps from Chatelet where all lines converge including direct train lines to both major Paris air	Super centrally located, fully equipped apartment in a lively neighborhood - suitable for up to 4 adults and families with up to 2 kids (i.e. 4 total).  Great option if you are here for sightseeing, a vacation or a trade  show. Old World Chic Parisian Charm - in the HEART of the world’s most romantic city! My apartment dates from the late 18th or early 19th century (definitely need to verify the date!) and is situated in Paris’ 3rd arrondissement in a quarter known as Beaubourg - right next to the famous Pompidou Center - France’s National Museum of Modern Art (largest in Europe).  The apartment is conveniently located between the Marais, Les Halles and the pedestrian quarter of rue Montorgueil (great dining, shopping, entertaining & no cars!). You can easily walk to all center city sights and through charming neighborhoods (e.g. along the riverbanks of the Seine, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, lIe Saint Louis, the Picasso and loads of other museums).  However
35075		Chambre dans un appartement très agréable dans le Marais, avec 2 lits simples,dont un en mezzanine.Ascenseur
35076	STANDING The building is protected by a code and an intercom. The Paris rental apartment is on the 6th floor with a lift. It has been entirely renovated and refurnished recently : brand new modern furniture, both comfortable and tastful, is at your disposal. The double exposure ensures light during the whole day and the view is just magic : from the bedroom you will see the Seine and from the living room, the Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame and St Gervais church. Such a view will make you fall in love with this apartment and Paris. LAYOUT At the same time both a studio and apartment with two rooms, it has a very comfortable double bed and many closets on the bedroom side where you can store your luggage and other items. On the living room side, there is a designer dining table and a coffee table with armchairs. Everything is very functional and comfortable. Easy to use and live in, space optimization is the key word here. The fully equipped kitchen is open onto the living room. The bathroom	This apartment rental in Paris suits a couple on their honeymoon or even a counsultant on business in the city for a few months. Quiet, bright, with an amazing view, you will not regret renting this Paris apartment.      STANDING The building is protected by a code and an intercom. The Paris rental apartment is on the 6th floor with a lift. It has been entirely renovated and refurnished recently : brand new modern furniture, both comfortable and tastful, is at your disposal. The double exposure ensures light during the whole day and the view is just magic : from the bedroom you will see the Seine and from the living room, the Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame and St Gervais church. Such a view will make you fall in love with this apartment and Paris. LAYOUT At the same time both a studio and apartment with two rooms, it has a very comfortable double bed and many closets on the bedroom side where you can store your luggage and other items. On the living room side, there is a designer dining ta
35077	To get the best value for your money, I fit in this studio, a real bed going up in the wall to be invisible during the day, an equipped kitchen, table for dinner and breakfast. Balcony and a nice bathroom with shower. The bed (queen size bed) pulls down from the wall creating a living room during the day and a perfect bed at night. The studio has a flat screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with the finest equipment and a brand new bathroom, for your comfort. 1st floor with lift.	In the alive part of the Marais, Close to Pompidou center, this lovely small, clean and quiet studio will be a perfect base to start walking around and discover Paris, in an area you feel like Parisian. To get the best value for your money, I fit in this studio, a real bed going up in the wall to be invisible during the day, an equipped kitchen, table for dinner and breakfast. Balcony and a nice bathroom with shower. The bed (queen size bed) pulls down from the wall creating a living room during the day and a perfect bed at night. The studio has a flat screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with the finest equipment and a brand new bathroom, for your comfort. 1st floor with lift. The location is one of my fav in Paris, you will be in the heart of The Marais district, in a quiet street but surrounded by typical French cafes, bars and just 30 secs walking distance to The Pompidou center. The main subway is Chatelet, in the heart of Paris. Very easy to go around, Chatelet station, walking di
35078	Cute apartment 22m², 2 big windows, none face to face. A small kitchen, a room, a small bathroom. A double bed In 5 mins of the Saint Martin canal, the attractive district of ballad - very pleasant shopping numerous very charming restaurants. *à 5 mins of the subway  GARE DE L'EST and 7 mins of the subway REPUBLIQUE *in the street , direct BUS to GARE DE LYON .....CHATELET...HOTEL DE VILLE....BASTILLE Attractive Park in front of the apartment	Cute apartment 22m², 2 big windows, none face to face. A small kitchen, a room, a small bathroom. A double bed In 5 mins of the Saint Martin canal, the attractive district of ballad - very pleasant shopping numerous very charming restaurants. *à 5 mins of the subway  GARE DE L'EST and 7 mins of the subway REPUBLIQUE *in the street , direct BUS to GARE DE LYON .....CHATELET...HOTEL DE VILLE....BASTILLE Attractive Park in front of the apartment
35079	Ideally situated for a tourist trip. The Saint Louis Island is just a step from the cathedral Notre-Dame, 5 minutes on foot of the famous Le Marais quarter, 5 minutes on foot of Châtelet, 5 minutes on foot of the Latin Quarter.  Small flat in the peace on court of 15m2 with room on the real mezzanine, quite equipped: refrigerator stick micro wave Nespresso,  WIFI internet TV, shower toilets,  washing machine Sheets and linen (website hidden) Enceinte pour écouter de la musique Internet Cafe The C'est beau, magique, une atmosphere a part en plein centre de Paris.  RER B saint michel Metro ligne 7 pont marie Metro ligne 1 saint paul Merci d'arriver a l'appartement AVANT 18h! Tv Enceinte pour écouter de la musique Internet Cafe The C'est beau, magique, une atmosphere a part en plein centre de Paris.  RER B saint michel Metro ligne 7 pont marie Metro ligne 1 saint paul Merci d'arriver a l'appartement AVANT 18h!	Ideally situated for a tourist trip. The Saint Louis Island is just a step from the cathedral Notre-Dame, 5 minutes on foot of the famous Le Marais quarter, 5 minutes on foot of Châtelet, 5 minutes on foot of the Latin Quarter.  Small flat in the peace on court of 15m2 with room on the real mezzanine, quite equipped: refrigerator stick micro wave Nespresso,  WIFI internet TV, shower toilets,  washing machine Sheets and linen (website hidden) Enceinte pour écouter de la musique Internet Cafe The C'est beau, magique, une atmosphere a part en plein centre de Paris.  RER B saint michel Metro ligne 7 pont marie Metro ligne 1 saint paul Merci d'arriver a l'appartement AVANT 18h! Tv Enceinte pour écouter de la musique Internet Cafe The C'est beau, magique, une atmosphere a part en plein centre de Paris.  RER B saint michel Metro ligne 7 pont marie Metro ligne 1 saint paul Merci d'arriver a l'appartement AVANT 18h!
35080	Situated in a great neighbourhood, close to the Marais and a few minutes from Notre Dame. Sunny  and spacious apartment.Calm area, renovated. Guests can arrive the evening before I leave on holidays, I will chage 1/2 day in that case. That way I can give the keyes. I'll be on holidays, but I'm available on (website hidden) if needed Metro Saint Paul, Metro Pont neuf. Taxi stand next to metro saint paul. Many buses Guests can arrive the evening before I leave on the 16th, I will chage 1/2 day in that case. That way I can give the keyes. I'll be on holidays, but I'm available by phone if needed Lots of cute restaurants, bars. Picturesque buildings and streets. Metro Saint Paul, Metro Pont neuf. Taxi stand next to metro saint paul. Many buses Guests can arrive the evening before I leave on the 16th, I will chage 1/2 day in that case. That way I can give the keyes. I'll be on holidays, but I'm available by phone if needed Lots of cute restaurants, bars. Picturesque buildings and streets. M	"Situated in a great neighbourhood, close to the Marais and a few minutes from Notre Dame. Sunny  and spacious apartment.Calm area, renovated. Closest metro is metro ""Saint Paul"". Situated in a great neighbourhood, close to the Marais and a few minutes from Notre Dame. Sunny  and spacious apartment.Calm area, renovated. Guests can arrive the evening before I leave on holidays, I will chage 1/2 day in that case. That way I can give the keyes. I'll be on holidays, but I'm available on (website hidden) if needed Metro Saint Paul, Metro Pont neuf. Taxi stand next to metro saint paul. Many buses Guests can arrive the evening before I leave on the 16th, I will chage 1/2 day in that case. That way I can give the keyes. I'll be on holidays, but I'm available by phone if needed Lots of cute restaurants, bars. Picturesque buildings and streets. Metro Saint Paul, Metro Pont neuf. Taxi stand next to metro saint paul. Many buses Guests can arrive the evening before I leave on the 16th, I will chage "
35081	STANDING This Paris short term apartment is on the first floor of a very beautiful building of the 17th century. The view of the Seine from the apartment is absolutely splendid! LAYOUT Paris apartment of 40 sqm that has been recently renovated. It is composed of a living / dining room with an open kitchen. A sofa bed allows two additional sleeping places. The bedroom has a double bed 160*200. From the bedroom, one can reach the bathroom which has a beautiful bath. As one of the apartments to rent in Paris, it is very well furnished with all the necessary comforts (Internet, cable TV, DVD, HIFI) that gaurantee you will enjoy Paris greatly.	You will greatly enjoy the City of Lights by renting this Paris apartment with all the necessary comforts. With a splendid view of the Seine, it is also in one of the best locations in the city. STANDING This Paris short term apartment is on the first floor of a very beautiful building of the 17th century. The view of the Seine from the apartment is absolutely splendid! LAYOUT Paris apartment of 40 sqm that has been recently renovated. It is composed of a living / dining room with an open kitchen. A sofa bed allows two additional sleeping places. The bedroom has a double bed 160*200. From the bedroom, one can reach the bathroom which has a beautiful bath. As one of the apartments to rent in Paris, it is very well furnished with all the necessary comforts (Internet, cable TV, DVD, HIFI) that gaurantee you will enjoy Paris greatly. LOCATION You will have an enchanting stay in the city in one of the few Paris apartments to rent on this discreet and self-contained island  It is delightfull
35082		It is close to the Hotel de Ville in the center of Paris. 3 minutes walk from the subway line 1 of the Hotel de ville. You can also be shopping in holyday. Room is like Parisian . We have 3 supermarket from here.
35083	Welcome into my flat Flat of 85m2 for 4 persons (2 in the bedroom and 2 in the saloon). Privacy, Calm with storage space and sheets supplied Located in The Marais, lovely area, in the heart of Paris 4th in a calm and historical street. In a beautiful antic flat (with beams of wood) of 85m2 -Full furnished kitchen (Oven,microwave,fridge,washing machine) -A small and cute bathroom, Toilets Close to any local shop or store (Market, Baker, Butcher, Drugstore,...) Close to any kind of transports: 2 min walking from the two main Subway lines 1 and 7 ( Saint-Paul et Pont-Marie stations) 600 euros/week all included Short time rental, Wifi, Free phone calls to 145 international destinations Thank you and Hope to see you soon Stay blessed 	Welcome into my flat Flat of 85m2 for 4 persons (2 in the bedroom and 2 in the saloon). Privacy, Calm with storage space and sheets supplied Located in The Marais, lovely area, in the heart of Paris 4th in a calm and historical street. In a beautiful antic flat (with beams of wood) of 85m2 -Full furnished kitchen (Oven,microwave,fridge,washing machine) -A small and cute bathroom, Toilets Close to any local shop or store (Market, Baker, Butcher, Drugstore,...) Close to any kind of transports: 2 min walking from the two main Subway lines 1 and 7 ( Saint-Paul et Pont-Marie stations) 600 euros/week all included Short time rental, Wifi, Free phone calls to 145 international destinations Thank you and Hope to see you soon Stay blessed Internet (Wifi), washing machine
35084		Picasso Museum  Place des Vosges Art Galleries   Trendy bars and restaurant Best Fashion places No, I Will be there for the welcoming, but then you will be free and alone. Like in your own flat! The area is so nice, young and so trendy! The flat is located in the really central Paris. You have 3 different tube station to access.
35085		Ce petit appartement offrira aux voyageurs le confort d'un emplacement unique dans Paris. Il permettra de profiter de la capitale en flânant dans les rues du Marais, de l'Ile Saint Louis ou du quartier Saint Michel, tous à moins de 15 minutes à pied.
35086	Located in the heart of the famous LE MARAIS (walkers area), known for its considerable numbers of restaurants and pubs in a beautiful building which is in quiet court. This apartment is composed of two rooms entirely redesigned by an architect. (email hidden) feet from many places like le Louvre, bastille, saint germain, Montorgueuil, les halles & opéra	Located in the heart of the famous LE MARAIS (walkers area), known for its considerable numbers of restaurants and pubs in a beautiful building which is in quiet court. This apartment is composed of two rooms entirely redesigned by an architect. (email hidden) feet from many places like le Louvre, bastille, saint germain, Montorgueuil, les halles & opéra
35087	consisting on:  -a living room with a sofa, a TV, a coffee table, a wireless internet connection; -fully equipped kitchen with washing machine, dishwasher, oven, fridge, hob, and everything needed for cooking. Table and 4 chairs -a bathroom with bathtub, washbasin and WC.  on a mezzanine: a bedroom overlooking the living room with a bed for 2 people, and a dresser. The room is lit by a skylight which has a store. Electric heating. Iron and ironing board. All linen is provided.	One bedroom apartment on the third floor overlooking the courtyard, with lift, ideally located, quiet beautiful condominium consisting on:  -a living room with a sofa, a TV, a coffee table, a wireless internet connection; -fully equipped kitchen with washing machine, dishwasher, oven, fridge, hob, and everything needed for cooking. Table and 4 chairs -a bathroom with bathtub, washbasin and WC.  on a mezzanine: a bedroom overlooking the living room with a bed for 2 people, and a dresser. The room is lit by a skylight which has a store. Electric heating. Iron and ironing board. All linen is provided. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris.  Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be few minutes walking distance from Beaubourg (Centre Pompidou), the Place des Vosges, the Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris, the Musée du Louvre, etc. Nearest metro station (30 seconds walk) is Hôtel de Ville (lines 1 and 11).  With Chatelet, the biggest Parisian station, you will be
35088		Really nice and cosy flat in center of Paris, it's impossible not to fall in love with this place, very close to Notre Dame and to the Seine River!Le Chat Noir is just waiting for you!
35089	This charming apartment on the 2nd floor of a building from the 17th century, has an unique and outstanding salon with a 4 meter high ceiling in Cathedral form and original oak beams.   An elegant and refined interior decoration in French style with a bright and quiet bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard.  A bedroom, full of light, where you can relax after a busy day in the City of Light.  The bathroom, in different shades of gray, has a bathtub with a shower.  The toilet is separated so that the use of the bathroom doesn't make the toilet unavailable.  In the fully equipped kitchen you can prepare all the recipes from the famous French cuisine.  The kitchen is flooded in light, from morning to night, through its glass roof. What I like most about this apartment? The apartment, which is really welcoming and clean, is a haven where you can feel at home while living a French experience.  The light and height of the ceiling gives you a feeling of freedom. Completely renovated in 2012. T	In the heart of the Marais district in the center of Paris, close to Place des Vosges.  An elegant and refined interior decoration. Perfect for 2 to 4 persons who are looking for comfort, space and elegance. Close to shops and cultural sites.   This charming apartment on the 2nd floor of a building from the 17th century, has an unique and outstanding salon with a 4 meter high ceiling in Cathedral form and original oak beams.   An elegant and refined interior decoration in French style with a bright and quiet bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard.  A bedroom, full of light, where you can relax after a busy day in the City of Light.  The bathroom, in different shades of gray, has a bathtub with a shower.  The toilet is separated so that the use of the bathroom doesn't make the toilet unavailable.  In the fully equipped kitchen you can prepare all the recipes from the famous French cuisine.  The kitchen is flooded in light, from morning to night, through its glass roof. What I like most a
35090	The apartment is a 50sqm duplex. At the first level you find lobby, living room, dining room, WC, kitchen. At the second floor you find the room and the bathroom.	"Saint Paul in the heart of the Marais ""Old Paris"" nearby Ile Saint Louis, Place des Vosges, Notre Dame. A very charming 50 sqm apartment in duplex on the 3 rd Floor with all the confort you need. The apartment is a 50sqm duplex. At the first level you find lobby, living room, dining room, WC, kitchen. At the second floor you find the room and the bathroom. A washing machine is notavailable, the kitchen is fully equiped with all you need for coocking (microwave, fridge, hob, dish water, all dishes and ustensils ...) In the room you will find a Tv with DVD. Wi-Fi. I will be there if you need anything. It's ideal location in the more fashion area (shops, stores, restaurants, museums, pubs, clubs ...) will allow the main sites of interest very easily withe a large public transport network (metro, bus RER, taxi)"
35091	If you are looking for a luxury furnished flat in an 18th century building with tasteful decoration and private garden in the heart of the most enjoying quarter of Paris, the Marais, rue de Sevigne  (very near Place du Marché Sainte Catherine, Musée Carnavalet, Place des Vosges etc...), you have reached the right place.  As we look onto an inner courtyard, there are no street noises there. The location is so peaceful and romantic that you could write a book, read poetry, dream, and then go out and enjoy the beating heart of the most delicious part of the city life outside. The space is made with real materials for a maximum comfort and aesthetic, luminous and zen. We are ground floor and the private garden is for your exclusive use. The bathroom has an Italian shower, hairdryer and towel dryer. You will find everything you need in the kitchen, all is brand new. The bed is large quality asian king size.  There are light dimmer switchs for changing atmosphere. It is warm all winter and f	If you are looking for a luxury furnished flat in an 18th century building with tasteful decoration and private garden in the heart of the most enjoying quarter of Paris, the Marais, rue de Sevigne  (very near Place du Marché Sainte Catherine, Musée Carnavalet, Place des Vosges etc...), you have reached the right place.  As we look onto an inner courtyard, there are no street noises there. The location is so peaceful and romantic that you could write a book, read poetry, dream, and then go out and enjoy the beating heart of the most delicious part of the city life outside. The space is made with real materials for a maximum comfort and aesthetic, luminous and zen. We are ground floor and the private garden is for your exclusive use. The bathroom has an Italian shower, hairdryer and towel dryer. You will find everything you need in the kitchen, all is brand new. The bed is large quality asian king size.  There are light dimmer switchs for changing atmosphere. It is warm all winter and f
35092	On the 5th and last floor, with an elevator, the apartment in Paris is located in a Haussmannian stone building (high quality) built in 1900 and secured by a digicode. A long balcony runs along the living room and the bedroom. With a double exposure, this Paris apartment is very bright, overlooking Notre Dame on one side and on the other side the rooftops of Paris, with a view of the Town Hall and a small view of the river Seine. Ideally located in the very heart of Paris, this elegant, recently renovated Paris short term apartment is bathed in natural light with good proportions 60m2 (645 sq.ft) and offers complete comfort and privacy. Upon entering this cosy Paris home you will be surprised by the general features of the property: large entrance lobby with authentic Parisian oak hardwood floor opening to the dining room area, living area and the bedroom. A large storage cupboard stands in the entrance. The living room with hardwood floor and a marble fireplace has a view on the town 	One of the few Paris apartments to rent on Ile de la Cité, the most historic district of Paris. With double exposure, it is very bright, overlooking Notre Dame on one side and on the other the Town Hall and the river Seine. On the 5th and last floor, with an elevator, the apartment in Paris is located in a Haussmannian stone building (high quality) built in 1900 and secured by a digicode. A long balcony runs along the living room and the bedroom. With a double exposure, this Paris apartment is very bright, overlooking Notre Dame on one side and on the other side the rooftops of Paris, with a view of the Town Hall and a small view of the river Seine. Ideally located in the very heart of Paris, this elegant, recently renovated Paris short term apartment is bathed in natural light with good proportions 60m2 (645 sq.ft) and offers complete comfort and privacy. Upon entering this cosy Paris home you will be surprised by the general features of the property: large entrance lobby with authent
35093	It's our appartement and we love it :),  it is newly renovated and stylishly furnished for you to have a comfortable stay in Paris. Caracteristics of the apartment: 35 m2 - 5th Floor (without Lift) Sleeping arrangements: 1 Bed of 140cm One bathroom with bath and a separate room for toilets and bidet. A very well-equiped kitchen We provide fresh towels, bed linens. It has free wifi. There is a hairdryer. To put your clothes and personal belongings, there is a spacious a wardrobe. 	The apartement is located in a beautiful historic building on the 5th floor of a pedestrian street with garden view, on Metro Line 1 which is the most convenient line if you want to visit Paris. You’ll love to walk around, it is definitely the best area in Paris! It's our appartement and we love it :),  it is newly renovated and stylishly furnished for you to have a comfortable stay in Paris. It's our appartement and we love it :),  it is newly renovated and stylishly furnished for you to have a comfortable stay in Paris. Caracteristics of the apartment: 35 m2 - 5th Floor (without Lift) Sleeping arrangements: 1 Bed of 140cm One bathroom with bath and a separate room for toilets and bidet. A very well-equiped kitchen We provide fresh towels, bed linens. It has free wifi. There is a hairdryer. To put your clothes and personal belongings, there is a spacious a wardrobe. The apartement is located in a beautiful historic building on the 5th floor of a pedestrian street with garden view, on 
35094		Located in the very heart of the Marais, close to Hotel de Ville metro station, our 45m2 appartment has two rooms :  a bedroom with a large double bed and a spacious living room with open kitchen and a sofabed for 2 people.
35095	Located in the heart of the Marais, the apartment overlooks the Place du marché Ste Catherine close to Place des Vosges. The area is lively and has a multitude of shops: bars, designer boutiques, art galleries, supermarkets, squares, ... Located in metro Saint Paul (Line 1). It serves directly La Bastille, Le Louvre, Les Champs-Elysees, Gare de Lyon and le Château de Vincennes. Many other means of transport are available (Metro, Bus, Taxi, Minibus). The apartment, completely renovated, offers all the comforts necessary for a successful stay in the best city in the world ;) - First Floor - Real Bed and Sofa Bed - 3m ceiling - Large windows - Door Security Code - Internet & Wifi (included) - Flat Wide TV Multimedia (international chanels) - IPhone docking station  - Washing machine with Dryer - Iron & Ironing board - Hairdryer - Fridge - Microwave - Kettle - Coffee machine + Espresso machine (Nespresso) - Toaster - Cookware - Air conditionning (mobile air) + Fan - Bed linen and towels ar	Located in the heart of the Marais, the apartment overlooks the Place du marché Ste Catherine close to Place des Vosges. The area is lively and has a multitude of shops: bars, designer boutiques, art galleries, supermarkets, squares, ... Located in metro Saint Paul (Line 1). It serves directly La Bastille, Le Louvre, Les Champs-Elysees, Gare de Lyon and le Château de Vincennes. Many other means of transport are available (Metro, Bus, Taxi, Minibus). The apartment, completely renovated, offers all the comforts necessary for a successful stay in the best city in the world ;) - First Floor - Real Bed and Sofa Bed - 3m ceiling - Large windows - Door Security Code - Internet & Wifi (included) - Flat Wide TV Multimedia (international chanels) - IPhone docking station  - Washing machine with Dryer - Iron & Ironing board - Hairdryer - Fridge - Microwave - Kettle - Coffee machine + Espresso machine (Nespresso) - Toaster - Cookware - Air conditionning (mobile air) + Fan - Bed linen and towels ar
35096	Paris apartment that has been recently renovated and is of a very good standing. It looks onto a beautiful flowered courtyard. The apartment is on the first floor (one flight of stairs) without an elevator. A digicode and concierge add security to this building.	Very close to Notre Dame de Paris, this studio is located on the Ile de la Cité. Looking onto a beautiful flowered courtyard, this Paris rental apartment is bright, calm and perfectly located to discover the city. Paris apartment that has been recently renovated and is of a very good standing. It looks onto a beautiful flowered courtyard. The apartment is on the first floor (one flight of stairs) without an elevator. A digicode and concierge add security to this building. Paris apartment of 30sqm consisting of a large room with a top of the range setee/double bed. With the flexibility of having it up or down you can craete a spacious living area during the day and a comfortable bedroom at night. There is a simple console desk to work/study at. The Paris rental apartment is very bright and calm, with simple contemporary furniture. The kitchen is separate from the main room and is fully equipped. The very pretty bathroom has an excellent shower, a toilet and sink. Three lovely French win
35097	Charming flat in the heart of Paris (1 minute from the Place de la Bastille, 5 min walking from the heart of Marais), located in a calm streat. Located at 1 walking minute from metro lines 1, 5, and 8, for a simple and fast access in all Paris. Located at 10 minutes from Gare de Lyon by bus. Ideal location for visits in all Paris. Charming and dynamic neighborhood with cafés with terrasses, nice restaurants and shopping places in Le Marais Renewed flat with a large living room (~30m²), a separated room with a double bed, a bathroom with a bathtub, and a large equipped kitchen. Ideal for couples! Possibility to accomodate two additional people in the very confortable convertible sofa.  Contains every standard equipment: - TV - Wifi - Equipped kitchen: fridge, induction plates, oven, ... - Nespresso machine - Storage 	Charming flat in the heart of Paris (1 minute from the Place de la Bastille, 5 min walking from the heart of Marais), located in a calm streat. Located at 1 walking minute from metro lines 1, 5, and 8, for a simple and fast access in all Paris. Located at 10 minutes from Gare de Lyon by bus. Ideal location for visits in all Paris. Charming and dynamic neighborhood with cafés with terrasses, nice restaurants and shopping places in Le Marais Renewed flat with a large living room (~30m²), a separated room with a double bed, a bathroom with a bathtub, and a large equipped kitchen. Ideal for couples! Possibility to accomodate two additional people in the very confortable convertible sofa.  Contains every standard equipment: - TV - Wifi - Equipped kitchen: fridge, induction plates, oven, ... - Nespresso machine - Storage 
35098	"Very well located flat in center of theParis, in front of a church (church of Saint Merri) of the 14th century,in , at 50m of the Georges Pompidou 300m of the Seine river and 500m of the Notre Dame le Saint Louis.  It is a quiet and cosy flat with 1 double bed (140x200cm) in a 1st separated bedroom, 1 double bed (140x200cm) in a 2th separated bedroom,2 simple beds (90x200cm) in the living room with TV, all equiped kitchen with cooktop and an oven, microwave, fridge, kettle, toaster, coffee maker, kitchen tool, washing machine, iron, internet wifi, a bathroom, household linens with towels included The schedule is maintained and faithfully reflects the availability, so it is not necessary to send a request for availability. Simply click on ""book"" if you're ready to book! The area is central and there are many shops, restaurants and bars offers a lot of possibilities. Near metro city hall, the halls and gatehouse. From the apartment you can walk on foot throughout the city Near Notre Dame"	"Located on a pedestrian street in front of a 14th century church. Cosy flat in the center of the Marais, you will be in a very cute neighborhood in the Beaubourg, Near Ile Saint Louis, Louvre  and Notre Dame de Paris. Very well located flat in center of theParis, in front of a church (church of Saint Merri) of the 14th century,in , at 50m of the Georges Pompidou 300m of the Seine river and 500m of the Notre Dame le Saint Louis.  It is a quiet and cosy flat with 1 double bed (140x200cm) in a 1st separated bedroom, 1 double bed (140x200cm) in a 2th separated bedroom,2 simple beds (90x200cm) in the living room with TV, all equiped kitchen with cooktop and an oven, microwave, fridge, kettle, toaster, coffee maker, kitchen tool, washing machine, iron, internet wifi, a bathroom, household linens with towels included The schedule is maintained and faithfully reflects the availability, so it is not necessary to send a request for availability. Simply click on ""book"" if you're ready to book! Th"
35099	Super cute and central	Ile Saint Louis, the best area To see in Paris !  Very romantic, central and so parisian.. Historical area.  Very cute small studio just renovated and full equipped.  1 sofa bed queen size 1 open kitchen with Nespresso machine  1 shower + WC  Very calm and safe.  Paris Center, here we are !
