2700	"I have furnished this apartment last september and it is now really warm and cosy as many guests felt.  The Yard was a shooting set for the movie ""Domicile Conjugual"" of F.Truffaut. "	"This 49m2 apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris, near Duroc subway station and the iconic Bon Marché. It is a really quiet and cosy place, perfect to dicover the best of Paris (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, St Germain, Champs Elysées) WIFI I have furnished this apartment last september and it is now really warm and cosy as many guests felt.  The Yard was a shooting set for the movie ""Domicile Conjugual"" of F.Truffaut.  - - Optic fiber Wifi  + A NESPRESSO Coffe Maker with coffee capsules included (1 per adult per day). - Little Lonely Planet of Paris with a map  - The kitchen is equiped with a microwave-oven, hotplates,a rice cooker, and all the necessary kitchenware, a dishwasher.   - The is a washing machine in the bathroom - There is a TV with a DVD player and a large choice of DVDs. - A really good bluetooth/analog sound system is also available in the living room.  - You can enjoy a variety of books, comics and DVDs - The appartement is composed of one bedroom (furnished w"
2701	The studio flat located of 23 Sqm on 4th floor by the stairs has lot of charm with its 2 windows with southern exposure letting lots of light in and the special typical parisian character of the hardwood floor and visible beams harwood floor and visible beams. The layout is convenient, with large living room equipped with a convertible sofabed (bed size 120cm), large cupboard, dining area with table for 4, kitchen corner and bathroom with shower cabin and toilets. All the main equipments, linen and kitchenware will enable the guest to feel home immediately and enjoy the quietness of the flat while being in a lively area.	Lovely cosy nest in between Eiffel Tower and Invalides The studio offers a bright and sunny living room, lots of storage, kitchen corner and bathroom. Typical parisian charm and character with hardwood floor and beams. Quietness in a lively area. The studio flat located of 23 Sqm on 4th floor by the stairs has lot of charm with its 2 windows with southern exposure letting lots of light in and the special typical parisian character of the hardwood floor and visible beams harwood floor and visible beams. The layout is convenient, with large living room equipped with a convertible sofabed (bed size 120cm), large cupboard, dining area with table for 4, kitchen corner and bathroom with shower cabin and toilets. All the main equipments, linen and kitchenware will enable the guest to feel home immediately and enjoy the quietness of the flat while being in a lively area. The apartment is a private one in a residential building. It's perfectly organized and equipped to enable you to feel at hom
2702	Appartement très fonctionnel de 45m2 avec vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel.  Appartement situé dans un immeuble ancien hausmannien au 6éme étage avec ascenseur. Entièrement équipé: - Une cuisine avec plaque gaz, mini four, cafetière Nespresso, frigidaire, machine à laver le linge; - Une salle de douche / wc - Un confortable lit pour deux personnes - Un canapé convertible 1 place 1/2 - WIFI gratuit  - Des draps et serviettes sont fournis - Du café, du thé sont offerts	"45² m apartment on the sixth floor of an Hausmannien building, with a splendid view to the Eiffel tower. It's located at one of the most beautiful and accessible Parisian neighborhoods. Appart Hausmannien de 45m2 avec vue imprenable sur la Tour Eff. Appartement très fonctionnel de 45m2 avec vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel.  Appartement situé dans un immeuble ancien hausmannien au 6éme étage avec ascenseur. Entièrement équipé: - Une cuisine avec plaque gaz, mini four, cafetière Nespresso, frigidaire, machine à laver le linge; - Une salle de douche / wc - Un confortable lit pour deux personnes - Un canapé convertible 1 place 1/2 - WIFI gratuit  - Des draps et serviettes sont fournis - Du café, du thé sont offerts Quartier de la Tour Eiffel: - 3 minutes à pied du Champ de Mars. - 3 min à pied du métro ""école Militaire""  - 1 minute de la rue Cler et la rue Saint Dominique, avec plusieurs restaurants et boutiques. - 1 minute à pied des arrêts de bus - 10 min en bus, 5 min en métro ou 20 m"
2703	Emplacement unique à Paris. La tour eiffel dans votre salon	Au 5eme étage sans vis à vis FACE à la Tour Eiffel, l'une des plus belles vues de Paris s'offre à vous. Luxueux appartement de 7 pièces. Emplacement unique, prestation haut de gamme Emplacement unique à Paris. La tour eiffel dans votre salon metro, parking 
2704		Welcome to my apartment. It is a very comfy and cosy 30m2 place. With wifi and tv.  The apartment, is 5 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides and a 15 minutes walk to the most beautiful avenue in the world, Les Champs Elysées.    Available for help Everything is 5 min walk Metro Bus
2705	- Big TV + Netflix + Apple TV + PS4 + Xbox 360 = a geek house. - Convertible couch + Mezzanine = 4 people max - Bathtub - Wash machine -  4th floor, 27m2	Nice studio for 4 people max (mezzanine + convertible couch), at 8 minutes from the Eiffel Tower and 5 minutes from the metro station. Pets are welcome. As long as you clean the space and open the windows, it is allowed to smoke. Big TV and Netflix. - Big TV + Netflix + Apple TV + PS4 + Xbox 360 = a geek house. - Convertible couch + Mezzanine = 4 people max - Bathtub - Wash machine -  4th floor, 27m2 Full access 7 minutes from the metro station (line 8).
2706	A space endowed with Parisian charm, conviviality, and good karma. Traditional 19th century Haussman building, intricate molding, herringbone parquet flooring, and marble fireplace. Professionally decorated with modern furnishings and pure design. 	"Welcome to a beautiful, elegant, newly-renovated apartment just steps away from the Eiffel Tower. A well-distributed 79m2 with a large living room, kitchen à l'américaine, master bedroom, and second, double-bedded bedroom.  A space endowed with Parisian charm, conviviality, and good karma. Traditional 19th century Haussman building, intricate molding, herringbone parquet flooring, and marble fireplace. Professionally decorated with modern furnishings and pure design.  A secure building, clean and impeccably managed tenancy with live-in caretaker.  If you're lucky enough to know, this part of the 7th arrondissement - what the French historically refer to as ""Le Gros Caillou"" - is a hidden gem in the chicest part of La Rive Gauche. Where to begin? It's the dynamic interface of the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, and the Pont Alexandre III... an area that has remained ""tres parisien"" over the years, but always an allure for in-the-know foreigners.  Strolling down la Rue Saint Dominique, the view"
2707	Charme exceptionnelle avec la vue depuis la chambre principale sur les toits de Paris	Duplex de 3 pièces (80m2) refait à neuf avec grande verrière dans le salon et la chambre principale donnant sur les toits de Paris Charme exceptionnelle avec la vue depuis la chambre principale sur les toits de Paris Wifi, abonnement Canal+ Les excellents commerçants de la rue Cler (200m) Les restaurants étoilés de la rue Saint-Dominique (400m) Le Champ de Mars et la Tour Eiffel (800m) Les quais de Seine (1km)) Station de métro : École Militaire Il y a 2 salles d'eau : 1 au RDC et 1 à l'étage. Le lit de la grande chambre est un lit de 160x200. Le lit de la deuxième chambre est une banquette/canapé (pas un canapé lit) de la taille d'un lit simple (80x200). La sdb est partagée entre les 2 chambres.  Le dressing de 7m2 sera fermé à clé durant votre séjour. Des rangements suffisants pour quelques jours de séjour existent en dehors du dressing
2708	This charming 17m² studio under roof, with a lovely view over the Paris roofs, benefits from a great location to discover the historical and mythical Paris.  Near the Orsay Museum, Tuileries Parc and Louvres Museum, a few minutes walk from the Saint Germain des Près district, Invalides and Concorde place.  You will enjoy walking in the surroundings along the Seine river and can easily move to another district thanks to the central metros and bus (metro L12, L8, L13).  •With 1 double bed   •With 1 shower and WC •2 Windows with a lovely view over Paris roofs and Montmartre  •Kitchenware (oven, silverware, plates, microwave...)  •Free Internet  - 6th floor with elevator 	This17m² studio, with a lovely view over Paris roofs, benefits from a great location in the heart of Paris : 1min walk from the the Orsay Museum, 3 Tuileries Parc and 10 Louvres Museum, Invalides and the St Germain des Prés district This charming 17m² studio under roof, with a lovely view over the Paris roofs, benefits from a great location to discover the historical and mythical Paris.  Near the Orsay Museum, Tuileries Parc and Louvres Museum, a few minutes walk from the Saint Germain des Près district, Invalides and Concorde place.  You will enjoy walking in the surroundings along the Seine river and can easily move to another district thanks to the central metros and bus (metro L12, L8, L13).  •With 1 double bed   •With 1 shower and WC •2 Windows with a lovely view over Paris roofs and Montmartre  •Kitchenware (oven, silverware, plates, microwave...)  •Free Internet  - 6th floor with elevator Transports : Metro Solférino (L12) - 1 min walk Invalides (L13 and 8) - 10 min walk Bus sta
2709	Welcome !!!! On the second floor, my apartment is a 72 m² (or 775 ft² ) apartment, and has 3 rooms: - a big living room/dining room/kitchen of 38 square meters (or 409 ft² ), with a living part with sofa, CD player, WIFI, TV, and a dining/kitchen part, with dining table, chairs, Nespresso coffee machine, oven/microwave, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, toaster, cooking utensils, multi-functions robot. White paint on walls. 4 windows, very clear room. - the first bedroom is 15 m² (161 ft² ), has a 160 X 200 cm bed with Dunlopillo matress ( width : 63 inches / length : 79 inches). One window, view on roofs of Paris. Blue paint on walls.  - a bathroom, completely tiled (light blue), 8 sqm ( 86 ft² ), 2 windows, very clear, very pleasant, big bathtub, washing machine, separate toilets inside, separation by a rolling door. - the second bedroom is 9 sqm ( 97 ft² ), has a spring action sofa bed, with 160 X 205 cm matress ( width : 63 inches / length : 81 inches). 2 windows, with view on the	Welcome !!!! On the second floor, my apartment is a 72 m² (or 775 ft² ) apartment, and has 3 rooms: - a big living room/dining room/kitchen of 38 square meters (or 409 ft² ), with a living part with sofa, CD player, WIFI, TV, and a dining/kitchen part, with dining table, chairs, Nespresso coffee machine, oven/microwave, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, toaster, cooking utensils, multi-functions robot. White paint on walls. 4 windows, very clear room. - the first bedroom is 15 m² (161 ft² ), has a 160 X 200 cm bed with Dunlopillo matress ( width : 63 inches / length : 79 inches). One window, view on roofs of Paris. Blue paint on walls.  - a bathroom, completely tiled (light blue), 8 sqm ( 86 ft² ), 2 windows, very clear, very pleasant, big bathtub, washing machine, separate toilets inside, separation by a rolling door. - the second bedroom is 9 sqm ( 97 ft² ), has a spring action sofa bed, with 160 X 205 cm matress ( width : 63 inches / length : 81 inches). 2 windows, with view on the
2710	The apartment is ideally located. Walking distance to Eiffel Tower (5 minutes), Champs Elysés (10 minutes). Very calm and bright in a private area without cars in the street. Perfect Location for visiting Paris (Invalides, Musee Rodin, Eiffel Tower) just 2 minutes to RER C Pont de l'Alma and 5 min to Alma Marceau (Metro line 9). -1 living room with Wifi access, Cable TV. Sofa, hifi, dining area (large enough for 6 people) -kitchen with multifunction oven, stove, fridge, dishwasher, kettle and toaster bread, washing machine... -1 bedroom with a double bed -1 bedroom with a single bed (can accommodate an extra madness) -1 large comfortable sofa bed (king size) in the living room. -Bathroom fully equipped  Linings as well as towels are provided.	Apartment located in downtown Paris, in the charming 7th district The apartment is ideally located. Walking distance to Eiffel Tower (5 minutes), Champs Elysés (10 minutes). Very calm and bright in a private area without cars in the street. Perfect Location for visiting Paris (Invalides, Musee Rodin, Eiffel Tower) just 2 minutes to RER C Pont de l'Alma and 5 min to Alma Marceau (Metro line 9). -1 living room with Wifi access, Cable TV. Sofa, hifi, dining area (large enough for 6 people) -kitchen with multifunction oven, stove, fridge, dishwasher, kettle and toaster bread, washing machine... -1 bedroom with a double bed -1 bedroom with a single bed (can accommodate an extra madness) -1 large comfortable sofa bed (king size) in the living room. -Bathroom fully equipped  Linings as well as towels are provided. We will be pleased to answer your question prior your booking, as well as till your arrival and during your stay. The 7th district is a very nice part of Paris. Centrally located wi
2711		Deux pièces au coeur du 7e, à 2 min à pieds des Invalides et des Berges de Seine, 5min rue Cler, 10min de la Tour Eiffel, 15min de Saint-Germain et des Champs-Elysees, 20min des Tuileries et Louvre. Calme, proche commerces, bonne déserte bus et métro
2712	Appartement de charme au 7éme et dernier étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble haussmannien dans une impasse calme. Situé seulement à 5 min du centre de Paris, de Saint germain des prés ou de la tour Eiffel. D'une surface de 38 m2 cet appartement est doté d'une grande cuisine entièrement équipée (four, lave-vaisselle,machine à laver, divers robots...), d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'une grande salle de bain lumineuse et de WC. Charming apartment on Paris's roofs, bright, quiet, central, right next to le Bon Marché and les Invalides. The apartment is on the 7th and last floor (no elevator). It's 38 square meters and has a gourmet kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, smoothie maker...), a room with a double bed, a bright large bathroom and toilets (Linens and towels are provided). My guests have access to the whole apartment. As often as necessary I leave additional information in the apartment and I'll be there to give some other tips :)	Appartement de charme au 7éme et dernier étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble haussmannien dans une impasse calme. Situé seulement à 5 min du centre de Paris, de Saint germain des prés ou de la tour Eiffel. D'une surface de 38 m2 cet appartement est doté d'une grande cuisine entièrement équipée (four, lave-vaisselle,machine à laver, divers robots...), d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'une grande salle de bain lumineuse et de WC. Charming apartment on Paris's roofs, bright, quiet, central, right next to le Bon Marché and les Invalides. The apartment is on the 7th and last floor (no elevator). It's 38 square meters and has a gourmet kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, smoothie maker...), a room with a double bed, a bright large bathroom and toilets (Linens and towels are provided). My guests have access to the whole apartment. As often as necessary I leave additional information in the apartment and I'll be there to give some other tips :) - free internet / wifi We are here in 
2713	Grand living double avec grandes baies vitrées – balcons fleuris en été – vue Tour Eiffel d’un côté, Invalides de l’autre. Très lumineux et ensoleillé . Deux grandes chambres avec porte-fenêtres : une attenante à la salle de bains - penderie, étagères – bureau - lit double. La deuxième avec deux grands lits (deux personnes) – lavabo attenant. Un futon (une personne) à disposition. Toilettes indépendantes. Cuisine équipée, Salle de bains (baignoire et douche). 3e étage avec ascenseur.	Grand living double avec grandes baies vitrées – balcons fleuris en été – vue Tour Eiffel d’un côté, Invalides de l’autre Très lumineux et ensoleillé   Deux grandes chambres avec porte-fenêtres Salle de bains + lavabos et toilettes indépendants Grand living double avec grandes baies vitrées – balcons fleuris en été – vue Tour Eiffel d’un côté, Invalides de l’autre. Très lumineux et ensoleillé . Deux grandes chambres avec porte-fenêtres : une attenante à la salle de bains - penderie, étagères – bureau - lit double. La deuxième avec deux grands lits (deux personnes) – lavabo attenant. Un futon (une personne) à disposition. Toilettes indépendantes. Cuisine équipée, Salle de bains (baignoire et douche). 3e étage avec ascenseur. Wifi Salon avec télévision, Lecteur DVD Chambre avec télévision Cuisine équipée avec, en plus : four à micro-ondes – appareil cuisson vapeur – Machine à café automatique... Salle de bains (baignoire et douche) – sèche cheveux – produits de douche et de bains... E-ma
2714	In the heart of the chic 7th, close to the Eiffel Tower, Musee d'Orsay, Invalides, St Germain des Pres, and the Champs Elysees. Comfortable 1 bedroom apartment on a quiet street, first floor, no elevator, 2 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, 5-10 minutes walking distance from Les Invalides and Rodin Museum. The apartment 25 m² consists in a living room with sofa  and kitchen, bedroom with queen size sofa bed and a bathroom with shower. It includes Internet Wi-Fi, TV, microwave, washing machine, coffee maker. It is located in a very convenient position, ideal for visiting Paris, the 7th arrondissement on the Left Bank of Seine. The apartment is in an extremely quiet residential area, in typical French style. It can be reached through a garden. The area is well served by grocery stores. A supermarket is around the corner and a famous bakery Moulin de la vierge in front of the appartment.	       In the heart of the chic 7th, close to the Eiffel Tower, Musee d'Orsay, Invalides, St Germain des Pres, and the Champs Elysees. Cute studio , full equiped, modern and quiet. Ideal for romantic stay.
2715	Loue studio de 18m2, Passage Landrieu, au 4eme et dernier étage. Pièce principale avec parquet, double vitrage cuisine américaine, petite salle de douche avec WC. Calme, clair, loué meublé. Très bon état. Invalides. A 5 minutes à pied de l'Ecole Militaire et Tour Eiffel et 10 minutes des Champs Elysées.	Loue studio de 18m2, Passage Landrieu, au 4eme et dernier étage. Pièce principale avec parquet, double vitrage cuisine américaine, petite salle de douche avec WC. Calme, clair, loué meublé. Très bon état. Invalides, Ecole Militaire et Tour Eiffel.
2716	My place is a calm and cosy apartment. It is perfect for couples looking for a home-like stay in our beautiful city.  The apartment is clean and comfortable, and I like to think it is warmly decorated. There is in the main room a comfortable queen size bed and a sofa where you can rest after a long day touring around. If you are coming with a baby, I can install a crib for you in the living room. The kitchen contains everything needed to cook and a washing machine. Finally, the bathroom is quite large for a Parisian flat and contains a shower for refreshing yourself after hours of wandering in the city.  I sometimes hang picture or paintings from friends of mine that are for sale so my walls are always changing. If you love wine as I do, I can also provide you with really excellent wines from Burgundy where I grew up, you just have to ask! The neighborhood is really quiet and calm,. And you will find everything you want in the vicinity. From a small supermarket and a grocery to the exc	Perfectly located 5 minutes from Invalides and 8 from the so famous Champs Elysées & 15 from Eiffel Tower, my cosy apartment is fully equipped and can welcome couples looking for a gorgeous stay in our beautiful city. Just consider yourself at home! My place is a calm and cosy apartment. It is perfect for couples looking for a home-like stay in our beautiful city.  The apartment is clean and comfortable, and I like to think it is warmly decorated. There is in the main room a comfortable queen size bed and a sofa where you can rest after a long day touring around. If you are coming with a baby, I can install a crib for you in the living room. The kitchen contains everything needed to cook and a washing machine. Finally, the bathroom is quite large for a Parisian flat and contains a shower for refreshing yourself after hours of wandering in the city.  I sometimes hang picture or paintings from friends of mine that are for sale so my walls are always changing. If you love wine as I do, I 
2717	Situation calme et centrale unique pour ce 2 pieces. Cadre cosy et confortable avec tous les équipements nécessaires. Chambre cocon très calme separée. Poutres aparentes dans toutes les pieces Appartement unique de charme. Vraie vie de quartier, commerçants de proximités chaleureux Esprit rive gauche et boheme de Saint Germain des pres.	2 pieces très cosy impeccable et calme en plein Saint germain des prés. Nid douillet. Situation centrale idéale, en face des tuileries,musée d Orsey,proche métro, bus,quais de Seine et galeries d art. Chambre, salle de bain et cuisine equipée. Immeuble calme  Boulangerie et commerces juste en bas Situation calme et centrale unique pour ce 2 pieces. Cadre cosy et confortable avec tous les équipements nécessaires. Chambre cocon très calme separée. Poutres aparentes dans toutes les pieces Appartement unique de charme. Vraie vie de quartier, commerçants de proximités chaleureux Esprit rive gauche et boheme de Saint Germain des pres. Bus/metros/Musees/galleries d'art/ commerces / jardin des Tuileries/ Quais et berges de Seine Au pied de l immeuble Metro le plus proche à 5mn à pieds Accueil des voyageurs, puis échanges par sms selon leurs besoins. En plein coeur de Saint Germain des pres, Rue mytique Galeries d'art, nombreux cafes et restaurants Pour vivre le véritable esprit rive gauche par
2718	Appartement pour 4/6 personnes Vue sur la Tour Eiffel Cet appartement est au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d’un bel immeuble de Paris. Il se trouve dans une petite rue calme du 7ème arrondissement proche de la rue commerçante de la rue de Grenelle, et de la rue piétonne : la rue Clerc. C’est un 3 pièces de 55 mètres carrés avec beaucoup de charme. En effet il y a une cheminée, un beau parquet, et des poutres ; mais surtout cet appartement offre une vue exceptionnelle sur la tour Eiffel qui s'élève dans le ciel derrière les toits parisiens ! Ce logement se compose de deux chambres. Il possède également une salle de bain avec baignoire et des WC séparés. La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et est entièrement équipée. Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu’à 6 personnes puisqu’il y a un canapé convertible dans le séjour. Cet appartement est une location idéale pour un séjour en famille dans la magnifique ville de Paris. Tout est là pour que vous passiez un séjour inoubliable !a     Le 7ème arr	Appartement pour 4/6 personnes Vue sur la Tour Eiffel Cet appartement est au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d’un bel immeuble de Paris. Il se trouve dans une petite rue calme du 7ème arrondissement proche de la rue commerçante de la rue de Grenelle, et de la rue piétonne : la rue Clerc. C’est un 3 pièces de 55 mètres carrés avec beaucoup de charme. En effet il y a une cheminée, un beau parquet, et des poutres ; mais surtout cet appartement offre une vue exceptionnelle sur la tour Eiffel qui s'élève dans le ciel derrière les toits parisiens ! Ce logement se compose de deux chambres. Il possède également une salle de bain avec baignoire et des WC séparés. La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et est entièrement équipée. Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu’à 6 personnes puisqu’il y a un canapé convertible dans le séjour. Cet appartement est une location idéale pour un séjour en famille dans la magnifique ville de Paris. Tout est là pour que vous passiez un séjour inoubliable !a     Le 7ème arr
2719	4 guests cosy flat – Eiffel tower / Invalides	Fully furnished apartment, in a typical Parisian way of life – clean and comfortable Located in a very friendly & convenient part of Paris, on the 7th district. A 50 sqm comfortable flat, particularly bright, with 1 bedroom, a spacious living room, a pleasant Bath room, and a kitchen fully equipped. This is a 2nd floor with elevator. There are many Grocery stores and souvenirs shops in the area, as well as traditional Bakeries, Wines shops, Open air Markets, and specialties stores : Spanish ham, cheeses, Honey, chocolate, … Just near by the building, you can find rue Cler, a beautiful pedestrian street with fancy shops and many bars, café and restaurants with terraces, and where you have traditional meals and drinks. The apartment is perfectly situated within a few minutes’ walk from the Champs de Mars, the Invalides, the Eiffel tower, Champs Elysées, the Seine river, Alexandre III bridge, Rue Montaigne, Musée Branly, Musée Rodin, the Grand palais, Trocadero The apartment is close to m
2720	20sqm aptm 2 minutes from Metro Vaneau, Duroc, St Placide. Little kitchen with washing machine,  bathroom with shower and bedroom for two. Free Wifi.  6th floor without elevator, under the roof. Lot of light and nice view on Paris roofs. Supermarkets and shops 5 min away. Very nice and calm neighbourhood, 10 min from St.. Germain, Montparnasse, and Invalides. Ideal for a couple.	20sqm aptm 2 minutes from Metro Vaneau, Duroc, St Placide. Little kitchen with washing machine,  bathroom with shower and bedroom for two. Free Wifi.  6th floor without elevator, under the roof. Lot of light and nice view on Paris roofs. Supermarkets and shops 5 min away. Very nice and calm neighbourhood, 10 min from St.. Germain, Montparnasse, and Invalides. Ideal for a couple.
2721		Great location close to Invalides and only steps away from the Eiffel Tower. Fully equipped kitchen, linens and towels provided.
2722	Beautiful and lovely flat for a perfect stay in Paris. The flat is ideally located in the center of Paris, near to Invalides, Rodin museum and Grand Palais museum. At 5 minutes walk to underground (La Tour Maubourg and Ecole Militaire on the ligne 8) and to bus stops.	My flat is cozy and charming: you have a fireplace and exposed beams. It is perfect for a romantic sejour!  It is a very good district with a good location: Eiffel Tower and Invalides at 10 minutes walks.  Beautiful and lovely flat for a perfect stay in Paris. The flat is ideally located in the center of Paris, near to Invalides, Rodin museum and Grand Palais museum. At 5 minutes walk to underground (La Tour Maubourg and Ecole Militaire on the ligne 8) and to bus stops. You will access at all the commodities in the flat: kitchen, bathroom and living room The network is working well but it can have some issue, you must have another connexion or go to the café sometimes. I am leaving  a Guest book in the flat where I wrote my favorite places: cinema, restaurant / brasserie, bar and night club.  It is an exchange book, so do not hesitate to add your favorite places too! The flat is ideally located in the center of Paris, near to Invalides and Eiffel Tower, Rodin museum and Grand Palais mu
2723	Our apartment is located in one of the most central and easy access locations in Paris. Only a few minutes walk from the famous Rue Cler and the Eiffel Tower-Champs du Mars Park. Very close to the bus lines and metro and walking distance from the 6th arrondisement. It is decorated in the classic French style, with very comfortable bed and full equipped kitchen.	Our apartment is in the 7th arrondissement, home to rue Cler, one of the best market streets in Paris. You will have a wonderful selection of specialty food stores, patisseries, butchers and delicatessens. Our apartment is located in one of the most central and easy access locations in Paris. Only a few minutes walk from the famous Rue Cler and the Eiffel Tower-Champs du Mars Park. Very close to the bus lines and metro and walking distance from the 6th arrondisement. It is decorated in the classic French style, with very comfortable bed and full equipped kitchen. The apartment is accessed by the front door which has a security code. This code will be given to you after your reservation. Please lift your suitcases walking to our building, as suitcases make a very loud sound rolling over the cobble stones. We like to keep our neighbours happy so we can continue renting our apartment. Our manager will wait for guests in the apartment.  Guests are required to communicate their arrival time
2724	magnifique studio au 7eme étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble 1930. Il comporte un lit double, table et fauteuil, TV, Téléphone et Internet connexion WIFI cuisine bien équipée et salle de bain avec doche. Terrasse aménagée ( table et chaises) avec vue splendide sur le dôme des Invalides. Il est situé au coin de la rue Cler, rue pietonne avec un marché tous les jours. Très central, musée quai Branly, Orsay Louvre à pied, Champ Elysées proche. Ligne 8 du Metro vers Opéra, Madeleine et bus vers Saint Germain.	magnifique studio au 7eme étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble 1930. Il comporte un lit double, table et fauteuil, TV, Téléphone et Internet connexion WIFI cuisine bien équipée et salle de bain avec doche. Terrasse aménagée ( table et chaises) avec vue splendide sur le dôme des Invalides. Il est situé au coin de la rue Cler, rue pietonne avec un marché tous les jours. Très central, musée quai Branly, Orsay Louvre à pied, Champ Elysées proche. Ligne 8 du Metro vers Opéra, Madeleine et bus vers Saint Germain.
2725	Tiny duplex (shower and sleeping upstairs), well organized, extremely well equipped, for one or two people, in the heart of Paris. WC on the landing to share with another room (semi private). ...And four each week in this studio in Paris you'll get 2 free nights in the studio in Lille for free... 	Tiny duplex (shower and sleeping upstairs), well organized, extremely well equipped, for one or two people, in the heart of Paris. WC on the landing to share with another room (semi private). ...And four each week in this studio in Paris you'll get 2 free nights in the studio in Lille for free... 
2726	STANDING This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers horses.  The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The building keeper knows the building and all the apartments very well. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor without lift. It is quiet (the windows are double-glazed), luminous, the windows overlook the courtyard. LAYOUT This 32sqm apartment has been entirely renovated in November 2013. It has a separate bedroom and can sleep two guests. The entrance directly gives on the living-room. It features a comfortable couch and two small coffee tables. The beautiful library features a desk if you want to sit and work there. You will find a television with cable TV channels behind the painting (very easy to remove if you wan	Wonderful 1-bedroom 32sqm apartment to rent for a couple in Paris, two steps away from Le Bon Marché in Saint Germain des Prés. Entirely renovated in November 2013, decorated with so much taste, you will love this place ! STANDING This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers horses.  The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The building keeper knows the building and all the apartments very well. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor without lift. It is quiet (the windows are double-glazed), luminous, the windows overlook the courtyard. LAYOUT This 32sqm apartment has been entirely renovated in November 2013. It has a separate bedroom and can sleep two guests. The entrance directly gives on the living-room. It features a
2727	the best of Parisian life  Given any city in the world, wherever you find real estate prices to be the highest, you are surely in the most sought-after place to be. Such is the reality of the St. Germain des Pres district on the Left Bank in the historic centre of Paris. For reasons that should become obvious once you are there, this particular area of Paris is the most desirable for many seasoned travelers who know Paris well. Here you have quiet courtyards, with history, beauty and convenience at your fingertips, and many major museums and monuments within a short walking distance of the flat: the Seine River is a couple of blocks down, the ORSAY MUSEUM is a 5 minute walk and if you add another couple of minutes, you can get to the LOUVRE MUSEUM by crossing the river. The fabulous location, combined with the modern amenities of this lovely, spacious flat, should be all that you need to experience living in Paris, content as a cat.  The name of what is actually a very short, quiet str	Over 1000 sq ft of spaciousness and comfort await you in this tranquil apartment. Located on a quite side street in the heart of St Germain, you will find plush amenities within and all of the best of Paris just around the corner! the best of Parisian life  Given any city in the world, wherever you find real estate prices to be the highest, you are surely in the most sought-after place to be. Such is the reality of the St. Germain des Pres district on the Left Bank in the historic centre of Paris. For reasons that should become obvious once you are there, this particular area of Paris is the most desirable for many seasoned travelers who know Paris well. Here you have quiet courtyards, with history, beauty and convenience at your fingertips, and many major museums and monuments within a short walking distance of the flat: the Seine River is a couple of blocks down, the ORSAY MUSEUM is a 5 minute walk and if you add another couple of minutes, you can get to the LOUVRE MUSEUM by crossing
2728	Suite Ségur is an incredible apartment situated in a stone throw from UNESCO. This tastefully decorated 1270 Square Feet apartment is a mix of contemporary, ethnic and classical furnitures.The interior design perfectly reflects the wanderlust and artistic spirit of its owner, who is also a dance teacher.  Also worth mentioning, a big terrace embracing the south western part of Paris. Perfect for petit-déjeuner, déjeuner and diners. When you are aware that Suite Ségur is on the 8th floor, you almost reach Paris skies. Last but not least, we also have to remind that Suite Ségur is located near Metro lines 6 and 10, which connect its guests to every major part of Paris.  In a word or one hundred as we say in French, you will love it! Additional cleaning is available on demand  - 40 Euros/ 2 hours 	Suite Ségur is an incredible apartment located at stone throw from UNESCO.  Suite Ségur is an incredible apartment situated in a stone throw from UNESCO. This tastefully decorated 1270 Square Feet apartment is a mix of contemporary, ethnic and classical furnitures.The interior design perfectly reflects the wanderlust and artistic spirit of its owner, who is also a dance teacher.  Also worth mentioning, a big terrace embracing the south western part of Paris. Perfect for petit-déjeuner, déjeuner and diners. When you are aware that Suite Ségur is on the 8th floor, you almost reach Paris skies. Last but not least, we also have to remind that Suite Ségur is located near Metro lines 6 and 10, which connect its guests to every major part of Paris.  In a word or one hundred as we say in French, you will love it! Additional cleaning is available on demand  - 40 Euros/ 2 hours 
2729	THE APARTMENT This is a newly renovated, smoke free, apartment located on the 1st floor. The space is kept clean and comfortable at all times. You will definitely have a real parisian experience as I live there part of time. This apartment is a lovely place composed by a separate room, a living room with an open-plan kitchen and a bathroom.  The living room is very bright and currently accommodates 1 sofa that converts to a bed, a flat screen HDTV, and FREE WiFi access. The modern decoration makes the place cosy and very confortable.  The bedroom has a comfortable queen size bed (including a high quality mattress) with two pillows. This room is also equipied with a special  lighting system which makes a cute atmosphere for couple.  The Kitchen has all the necessities: oven, dishes, coffee maker. Even more than necessities : a washing-machine.  The bathroom is modern and clean, It includes a shower, one wash-hand basins and a towel drying heater 	THE APARTMENT This is a newly renovated, smoke free, apartment located on the 1st floor. The space is kept clean and comfortable at all times. You will definitely have a real parisian experience as I live there part of time. This apartment is a lovely place composed by a separate room, a living room with an open-plan kitchen and a bathroom.  The living room is very bright and currently accommodates 1 sofa that converts to a bed, a flat screen HDTV, and FREE WiFi access. The modern decoration makes the place cosy and very confortable.  The bedroom has a comfortable queen size bed (including a high quality mattress) with two pillows. This room is also equipied with a special  lighting system which makes a cute atmosphere for couple.  The Kitchen has all the necessities: oven, dishes, coffee maker. Even more than necessities : a washing-machine.  The bathroom is modern and clean, It includes a shower, one wash-hand basins and a towel drying heater THE NEIGHBORHOOD The apartment is located
2730		Charming apartment with a nice view on Eiffel Tower and Champ-de-Mars (only 50 meters away for runners). Lots of light. Very nice neighborhood with excellent food stores (rue Cler, rue de Grenelle). Right in the center of Paris. Hi-speed internet.
2731		Ideal spot for travelers looking for a simple place. Kitchen and a shared toilet connected via a passageway. Six stories up, no lift. Great view of Eiffel Tower. 10 minutes walk from nearest sub-staion. 20 day minimum stay duration. Price negotiable Lovely neighbourhood next to the Eiffel Tower and Sienne Bus Stop right on the entrance, nearest metro substation 20 minutes away.
2732	"We propose our lovingly redecorated 1 bed room Appartment for rent. Nightly rate is from 95E (approx. 125USD).  Minimum stay : 4 nights. It is ideally situated at the first floor (sorry no lift!) of a mid-19th building rue Saint-Dominique, in the heart of the ""chic"" 7th arrondissement, just 5 mns walk away from the Eiffel tower, right down the street (see picture)! And so many bakeries, fine restaurants and centers of interests all around.  Famous authentic ""market"" street rue Cler is 2mns walk too!  It sleeps 4 persons (a queen size bed in the room and 2 adults sleep convertible sofa in the living room).  It includes all furnishings, cable TV, free mobile to the US (and fixed lines in Australia/UK/Europe), fast internet with WIFI, dishwasher, bath towel and all linen, iron and board.  Size : approx. 30 sq meters "	"We propose our lovingly redecorated 1 bed room Appartment for rent. Nightly rate is from 95E (approx. 125USD).  Minimum stay : 4 nights. It is ideally situated at the first floor (sorry no lift!) of a mid-19th building rue Saint-Dominique, in the heart of the ""chic"" 7th arrondissement, just 5 mns walk away from the Eiffel tower, right down the street (see picture)! And so many bakeries, fine restaurants and centers of interests all around.  Famous authentic ""market"" street rue Cler is 2mns walk too!  It sleeps 4 persons (a queen size bed in the room and 2 adults sleep convertible sofa in the living room).  It includes all furnishings, cable TV, free mobile to the US (and fixed lines in Australia/UK/Europe), fast internet with WIFI, dishwasher, bath towel and all linen, iron and board.  Size : approx. 30 sq meters "
2733	Ground floor. Ideally located in the heart of Paris, only few minutes walk from the Seine and the Eiffel Tower, this loft offers a relaxing and comfortable stay in an elegant and contemporary ambiance.  The loft is fully equipped; new kitchen, TV, Wi-Fi and a private bathroom.	This apartment is modern new and renovated by an interior designer. The ambiance is relaxing and the flat was shaped in a zen atmosphere.  Ground floor. Ideally located in the heart of Paris, only few minutes walk from the Seine and the Eiffel Tower, this loft offers a relaxing and comfortable stay in an elegant and contemporary ambiance.  The loft is fully equipped; new kitchen, TV, Wi-Fi and a private bathroom. WIFI Soft and fresh linens & towels Shampoo, coffee machine and other I am always available for my guests The geographic location of the flat allows quick and easy access to the hot spots in Paris attractions ; Invalides and Champs Elysees. The Musée d'Orsay is itself located about 20 minutes.  Metro station Ecole Militaire is at few meters walk from the house, making easy access to many other attractions of Paris. Metro station Ecole Militaire The beds are comfortable and distributed in this way:  1 double bed (king size)  1 single sofa bed  All of themvery comfortable.
2734	"Welcome in Paris! Stay in the HEART of PARIS and feel like a real Parisian in a charming studio! The studio is located on the famous ""Rue de l'Université"" in the 7th Arr of Paris.   Within a few minutes  walk from the Champs de Mars ( 15 minutes ) the studio is perfectly located between Les Invalides ( 5 minutes) , the Eiffel tower ( 15 minutes)  and Les Champs Elysées ( 20 minutes ). You can visit all Paris easily on foot. You have the famous Rue Saint Dominique with a lot of shops and one Starbucks. The Studio This is a really nice studio of 20 sq/m, comfortable for  2 guests. The Studio has a beautiful Eiffel tower view. There is a comfortable sofa bed for two. A small bathroom with shower,  be aware that the door between the living room and the bathroom is  small. The kitchen, opening up to the living room, has a stove , a fridge, a Micro-wave and a kettle.   It's located on the 7th floor with Elevator service.  It's in a SAFE area of 7th district.  It's near to Metro station Inval"	"Welcome in Paris! Stay in the HEART of PARIS and feel like a real Parisian in a charming studio! The studio is located on the famous ""Rue de l'Université"" in the 7th Arr of Paris.   Within a few minutes  walk from the Champs de Mars ( 15 minutes ) the studio is perfectly located between Les Invalides ( 5 minutes) , the Eiffel tower ( 15 minutes)  and Les Champs Elysées ( 20 minutes ). You can visit all Paris easily on foot. You have the famous Rue Saint Dominique with a lot of shops and one Starbucks. The Studio This is a really nice studio of 20 sq/m, comfortable for  2 guests. The Studio has a beautiful Eiffel tower view. There is a comfortable sofa bed for two. A small bathroom with shower,  be aware that the door between the living room and the bathroom is  small. The kitchen, opening up to the living room, has a stove , a fridge, a Micro-wave and a kettle.   It's located on the 7th floor with Elevator service.  It's in a SAFE area of 7th district.  It's near to Metro station Inval"
2735	My apartment is in a great location in the green and leafy 7th arrondissement. It is right next to the Eiffel Tower and walking distance to metro stops and bus routes. It's located on a famous picturesque street which has restaurants, bakeries, fruit and vegetable markets and much more.	My cozy 1 bedroom apartment is in a great location next to the Eiffel Tower in Paris 7th arrondissement. On Rue Cler, this will give you a real taste of Parisienne charm that will leave you feeling like you jumped into a painting. Sleeps 2. Non smoking. Please enquire availability. My apartment is in a great location in the green and leafy 7th arrondissement. It is right next to the Eiffel Tower and walking distance to metro stops and bus routes. It's located on a famous picturesque street which has restaurants, bakeries, fruit and vegetable markets and much more. Getting around is super easy. There are two metro lines at walking distance as well as several bus routes and even many Velieb stations - Paris rental bikes.
2736	Bienvenue dans mon appartement que j'ai voulu moderne, cosy et surtout très chaleureux ! Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous :)  Le confort est optimal et tout sera mis oeuvre pour que vous passiez un superbe séjour ! 	Très bel appartement parisien à la décoration soignée et chaleureuse! Situé à proximité de nombreux commerces et restaurants, et dans le prestigieux quartier des Invalides, l'appartement vous offrira un confort optimal. Soyez les bienvenue chez moi! Bienvenue dans mon appartement que j'ai voulu moderne, cosy et surtout très chaleureux ! Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous :)  Le confort est optimal et tout sera mis oeuvre pour que vous passiez un superbe séjour ! Vous avez bien sûr accès à l'intégralité du logement sauf aux penderies et rangements fermés. Je serai joignable tout au long de votre séjour  par mail , texto ou téléphone... Je mets également un autre numéro de téléphone de secours en la personne de ma soeur qui occupe l'immeuble voisin et peut donc se rendre très rapidement disponible si besoin ... Très bel appartement situé à proximité de nombreux commerces et restaurants, et dans le prestigieux quartier des Invalides, non loin de la Tour Eiffel et des Champs Elysées !  A
2737	The apartment is situated on the 6 floor with an elevator, very bright no vis-a vis. View of Paroisse Saint-Pierre du Gros Caillou It is a clean apartment with very beautiful decoration. Apartment was renovated by famous designer. Kitchen with table for lunch or dinner fro two persons. Functional kitchen and fully equipped. Large storage cupboards and chest of drawers to store your belongings. Eiffel Tower view from the bedroom window. Hyper trendy and lively district. The Eiffel Tower in 5 minutes by walk, Ecole Militaire in 5 minutes by walk and Invalides in 10 minutes walk. Metro in less than 4 minutes walk, taxi station is at the end of the street, public parking is in 200 meters. Very good bed, everything is new, the apartment was completely renovated in April and May 2015. We provide with bed linen, the quality is equivalent  to a nice hotel (linen, pillows, sheets and towels), we have the same supplier. Bed dimensions 160cm*200cm it is new and very comfortable. There are two des	The apartment is situated on the 6 floor with an elevator, very bright no vis-a vis. View of Paroisse Saint-Pierre du Gros Caillou It is a clean apartment with very beautiful decoration. Apartment was renovated by famous designer. Kitchen with table for lunch or dinner fro two persons. Functional kitchen and fully equipped. Large storage cupboards and chest of drawers to store your belongings. Eiffel Tower view from the bedroom window. Hyper trendy and lively district. The Eiffel Tower in 5 minutes by walk, Ecole Militaire in 5 minutes by walk and Invalides in 10 minutes walk. Metro in less than 4 minutes walk, taxi station is at the end of the street, public parking is in 200 meters. Very good bed, everything is new, the apartment was completely renovated in April and May 2015. We provide with bed linen, the quality is equivalent  to a nice hotel (linen, pillows, sheets and towels), we have the same supplier. Bed dimensions 160cm*200cm it is new and very comfortable. There are two des
2738	Hi! We are a family with children often in vacations during summer and winter and it is alaways a pleasure for us to rent the apartment during our vacation time, as a way to meet new people from everywhere. We have been renting this unique hausmannian place for 5 years now and it has always gone very smoothly. Decorated with taste, it is spacious and will give you the best confort for your stay in Paris!	Hi! We are a family with children often in vacations during summer and winter and it is alaways a pleasure for us to rent the apartment during our vacation time, as a way to meet new people from everywhere. We have been renting this unique hausmannian place for 5 years now and it has always gone very smoothly. Decorated with taste, it is spacious and will give you the best confort for your stay in Paris! In the very heart of the city, 5 minutes away from the eiffel Tower and from the Invalides, the area around will allow you to enjoy the very best of Paris at a walkable distance. The Seine banks are two minutes away at the end of the avenue Bosquet. There are also lots of different supermarkets and convenient stores nearby as well as an everyday open air market in the pedestrian street at the bottom of the building, the rue Cler. The apartment is situated near the lines 8 and 10 which go all around the city. Different buses such as the numbers (phone number hidden) or 28 come just near
2739	The apartment is composed of a entry, a small kitchen, a bathroom with a tub, a living-room with a sofa bed and an alcove with a double bed. There is a high clearance and windows in every room : kitchen, living-room and bathroom. There's also a small balcony. The early twentieth century building is beautiful and safe.	Beautiful apartment in the heart of a chic neighborhood. The apartment is composed of a entry, a small kitchen, a bathroom with a tub, a living-room with a sofa bed and an alcove with a double bed. There is a high clearance and windows in every room : kitchen, living-room and bathroom. There's also a small balcony. The early twentieth century building is beautiful and safe. The apartment is all yours. I won't be in Paris but I would be happy to help you organizing your trip. I will be reachable by e-mail or phone. The building, the apartment and the neighborhood are unique. I would be pleased to give you many french adresses. The metro is direct to Place de la Concorde, le Louvre, le Jardin des Tuileries, rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, le Marais and Bastille. There's also many buses going to les Champs-Elysées, Saint-Germain des Prés and le Panthéon.
2740	L shape Studio with three zones: living room, bedroom and kitchen. Bedroom separated by a heavy curtain for a complete privacy. Separate Bathroom and WC, utility cupboard with washing machine. Kitchen fully equipped. 45 m2 Stairs only / no lift.	Luxurious 1st floor studio apartment in the heart of Paris on upmarket Boulevard St. Germain. Nestled amongst fashionable boutiques and cafes, a comfortable and cosy place for a perfect stay in Paris. L shape Studio with three zones: living room, bedroom and kitchen. Bedroom separated by a heavy curtain for a complete privacy. Separate Bathroom and WC, utility cupboard with washing machine. Kitchen fully equipped. 45 m2 Stairs only / no lift. Café de Flore that is 100m further along the boulevard ( is very famous and really nice cafe. Walking distance from Ladurée (21 Rue Bonaparte) If you are looking for a typical French bread and croissant, there are plenty of Boulangeries few steps from the apartment: Eric Kayser Artisan Boulanger, 7min 18 Rue du Bac, 75007 7am-8pm (Monday closed) Poilâne, 7min 8 rue du Cherche-Midi, (phone number hidden)am-8.15pm (Sunday closed)   Pierre Hermé 8min (one of ‘The Best Bakeries in Paris’ according to ‘Four seasons’ magazine) 72 Rue Bonaparte, (phone n
2741	This 35 square meter appartment is located at the second floor in a quiet street.  Ideally situated for exploring on foot the heart of Paris: -5 minutes to the Louvre -5 minutes from the Musée d'Orsay -5 minutes to the banks of the Seine and the famous booksellers -10 minutes from Saint-Germain-des-Prés -20 minutes from Notre-Dame-de-Paris - 25 minutes from the Eiffel Tower The area has many restaurants that allow you to discover French gastronomy.	Nice apartment in a typical building in the historic district of Saint-Germain-des-Prés with a fully equipped kitchen, very close to major subway lines. Ideally situated for exploring on foot the heart of Paris: Seine, Musée du Louvre, Tour Eiffel, Notre-Dame-de Paris. This 35 square meter appartment is located at the second floor in a quiet street.  Ideally situated for exploring on foot the heart of Paris: -5 minutes to the Louvre -5 minutes from the Musée d'Orsay -5 minutes to the banks of the Seine and the famous booksellers -10 minutes from Saint-Germain-des-Prés -20 minutes from Notre-Dame-de-Paris - 25 minutes from the Eiffel Tower The area has many restaurants that allow you to discover French gastronomy.
2742	The view is exceptional and the decoration is original and mostly very appreciated.	A charming artist’s flat situated in one of the most elegant and spacious area, minister's district very green with its wide park « Le Champ de Mars » ended by the Eiffel tower and the splendid « Esplanade» of the Invalides. 5 min walk to a typical. The view is exceptional and the decoration is original and mostly very appreciated. You can use all the flat, we have an atic and a wardrob where we put our personal belongings If I am not here, my brother who live very near can help you if you have any problem. We are very central, surround of many museums, near the river Seine where there are lots of attractive activities at night especially. It's one of the most elegant neighborhood of Paris. Quiet and alive in the same time. It's very near the metro Latour Maubourg on line 8. 10mn to Metro Invalides or Varennes line 13.       Many buses: (phone number hidden), Taxi G7 tél: 39 85 or Taxi bleus:36 09  Car renting : Avis 5 rue Bixio tel:(phone number hidden) The view is wonderful but the f
2743	If you want more informations about the apartment click here. (website hidden)  Very pretty studio, heart of  Paris (Invalides, Eiffel tower), with all comfort is waiting for your visit. Modern  kitchen area (refrigerator, kitchen sink, microwawe), sofa-bed, table, tv, chair, storage area, coat rack,italian shower and restroom. Ideal for 2 people.  This very pretty studio is ideally located. Including 1 sleeping (one sofa bed 140x200), it is ideal for 2 people (one copple or two people). Located in the heart of the prestigious and historical quarter of Invalides and Eiffel tower. It is directly connected to the most famous places in Paris (Place de la Concorde, champs Elysées...). In this studio, you will have the pleasure to live near  the heart of the quarter of mode (Chanel, Dior, Cardin), next to the most beautiful hotels, Jeweler's stores (place Vendôme), delicatessen (Hédiard, Fauchon, Ladurée), and luxury stores of Paris (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette).  The studio includes all 	If you want more informations about the apartment click here. (website hidden)  Very pretty studio, heart of  Paris (Invalides, Eiffel tower), with all comfort is waiting for your visit. Modern  kitchen area (refrigerator, kitchen sink, microwawe), sofa-bed, table, tv, chair, storage area, coat rack,italian shower and restroom. Ideal for 2 people.  This very pretty studio is ideally located. Including 1 sleeping (one sofa bed 140x200), it is ideal for 2 people (one copple or two people). Located in the heart of the prestigious and historical quarter of Invalides and Eiffel tower. It is directly connected to the most famous places in Paris (Place de la Concorde, champs Elysées...). In this studio, you will have the pleasure to live near  the heart of the quarter of mode (Chanel, Dior, Cardin), next to the most beautiful hotels, Jeweler's stores (place Vendôme), delicatessen (Hédiard, Fauchon, Ladurée), and luxury stores of Paris (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette).  The studio includes all 
2744	"This charming appartment (duplex) is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. The apartment offers a  living space with an equiped american kitchen, a bathroom, an internet and wifi connection.  Cosy & Charming flat in the 6th arrondissement, the most beautiful, lovely and peaceful area in Paris  The classic Parisian architecture  makes this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ""la vie Parisienne"". Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant!  Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing. I put a particular emphasis on cleanliness & service (easy rental procedure and flexible check in times giving customers peace of mind), will make sure your stay is comfortable, and that you feel at home. Perfect alternative to over priced hotels in the ar"	"Very beautiful apartement in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. Living-room with a kitchen, bathroom and upstairs a room with a double bed. Possibility to great two personns in the sofa bed. This charming appartment (duplex) is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. The apartment offers a  living space with an equiped american kitchen, a bathroom, an internet and wifi connection.  Cosy & Charming flat in the 6th arrondissement, the most beautiful, lovely and peaceful area in Paris  The classic Parisian architecture  makes this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ""la vie Parisienne"". Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant!  Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing. I put a particular emphasis on cleanliness & service (easy rent"
2745	Sa vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel , le Trocadéro et la Seine.	Studio de caractère beneficiant d'une vue exceptionnelle sur Paris,Tour Eiffel,Trocadéro et Seine . Cuisine équipée separee, salle de douche séparée , refait neuf , wi-fi, 8 eme étage avec ascenseur.Un lit double et un canapé lit.30 mètres carres. Sa vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel , le Trocadéro et la Seine. Ligne 9 (alma-marceau), ligne 8, 13, RER C (invalides). Bus 80 & 92
2746	It's a one bedroom apartment, with kitchen entirely equipped (Mix oven, coffee machine, fridge, washing machine, kettle). The kitchen is open on the living room which contains a dining table for 4, sofa bed and TV. The flat has one luminous private bedroom with a double bed and the bathroom contains shower, washing machine and toilets. Perfect for your business trip or your vacation in Paris. You can rent this typical parisian apartment for short, medium and long term (3 days minimum to several months). Particular care has been taken with the decoration in choosing materials, which lend themselves to a warm and friendly atmosphere. Our rates include the providing of all linen. We get the principal advantage of a hotel, the household linen is furnished (bath towel, sheet). You have to know that in the price an assistance is proposed. If you have any problems in your apartment, we have an operational team that can help you in the shortest time.	This furnished apartment of 37 m for four people is located on the center of Paris rue Malar in the 7th. This part of Paris is comfortable to live, and the apartment is quiet. You can enjoy of shops, markets and restaurants of the rue saint Dominique It's a one bedroom apartment, with kitchen entirely equipped (Mix oven, coffee machine, fridge, washing machine, kettle). The kitchen is open on the living room which contains a dining table for 4, sofa bed and TV. The flat has one luminous private bedroom with a double bed and the bathroom contains shower, washing machine and toilets. Perfect for your business trip or your vacation in Paris. You can rent this typical parisian apartment for short, medium and long term (3 days minimum to several months). Particular care has been taken with the decoration in choosing materials, which lend themselves to a warm and friendly atmosphere. Our rates include the providing of all linen. We get the principal advantage of a hotel, the household linen 
2747		Studio de charme situé entre la tour Eiffel et les Invalides. La rue Cler est une rue piétonne avec de nombreux commerces de proximités. L'appartement est neuf, 1 pièce à vivre : canapé BZ, une cuisine équipée et une SDB avec baignoire.
2748	The apartment is located in the very center of Paris, between Invalides and l'Alma. Please find more information about the neighborhood below. When you enter the place, you will find on your right the big living room, who has a perfect view on the Eiffel Tower, with a comfortable couch that can host one person. The bedrooms are perfectly separated from the rest of the apartment, by a hallway. There is absolutely no noise. The main bedroom has a double king sized bed, and the other, which is also an office, can fit one person on the single bed.  The apartment is in a very safe building (with code and interphone) on the 5th floor, with an elevator. The windows make it very bright.  The apartment is very charming and fully furnished.	This beautiful typical parisian apartment is located in one of the best areas in Paris, in a very nice and calm building! It offers great comfort. The view on the Eiffel Tower will make you feel like you've always lived in Paris! The apartment is located in the very center of Paris, between Invalides and l'Alma. Please find more information about the neighborhood below. When you enter the place, you will find on your right the big living room, who has a perfect view on the Eiffel Tower, with a comfortable couch that can host one person. The bedrooms are perfectly separated from the rest of the apartment, by a hallway. There is absolutely no noise. The main bedroom has a double king sized bed, and the other, which is also an office, can fit one person on the single bed.  The apartment is in a very safe building (with code and interphone) on the 5th floor, with an elevator. The windows make it very bright.  The apartment is very charming and fully furnished. You will have access to the w
2749	Amazing charming house with patio terrace in the heart of Paris! Small and beautiful new renovated house, quality material, carefully decorated. Peaceful, quiet and totally secure position at the back of the second building, in a private courtyard you can only go in with key. The house has a great central location between the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. Smart and lively area, all facilities around: supermarkets, market street (rue Cler), restaurants, fashion shops. The house is just like a cosy comfortable nest in a central elegant parisian area. It's a small  place but rare and exceptional in Paris. One bedroom accomodation for 1 to 4 sleeps. One king size bed in the mezzanine bedroom. One double sofa bed in the living room. Ground floor with living room, dining space with table and 4 chairs, full equiped charming kitchen and bathroom with WC. Stairs to first floor and large mezzanine bedroom. Metro and RER station: Invalides 	"Between the Eiffel Tower and ""les Invalides"", amazing charming house in a lively area with all facilities and shops around Amazing charming house with patio terrace in the heart of Paris! Small and beautiful new renovated house, quality material, carefully decorated. Peaceful, quiet and totally secure position at the back of the second building, in a private courtyard you can only go in with key. The house has a great central location between the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. Smart and lively area, all facilities around: supermarkets, market street (rue Cler), restaurants, fashion shops. The house is just like a cosy comfortable nest in a central elegant parisian area. It's a small  place but rare and exceptional in Paris. One bedroom accomodation for 1 to 4 sleeps. One king size bed in the mezzanine bedroom. One double sofa bed in the living room. Ground floor with living room, dining space with table and 4 chairs, full equiped charming kitchen and bathroom with WC. Stairs to first "
2750		With Airbnb, you can find unique accommodations in people's homes—from houses and apartments, to tree houses and igloos. The listing details below explain what you'll find in this space. If you have any questions, you can contact the host directly.
2751	Apartment in the sky on the last floor of an 8 floor building with a large private terrace and a direct view on the Eiffel Tower and the Dome des Invalides. Many windows,very luminous and quiet. In the 7th arrondissement, one of the most exclusive in the center of Paris. Near a metro (Saint François Xavier) and several bus stations.  One independant bedroom with large bed and an alcove giving in the living room with a bed for one.Also in the living-room a couch  that can turn in a one person bed. Free internet and wifi Close to Latin Quarter, charming Rodin Museum, famous Bon Marché department store, la Pagode movie theater with its Old Chinese architecture, shops and restaurants.	Apartment in the sky on the last floor of an 8 floor building with a large private terrace and a direct view on the Eiffel Tower and the Dome des Invalides. Many windows,very luminous and quiet. In the 7th arrondissement, one of the most exclusive in the center of Paris. Near a metro (Saint François Xavier) and several bus stations.  One independant bedroom with large bed and an alcove giving in the living room with a bed for one.Also in the living-room a couch  that can turn in a one person bed. Free internet and wifi Close to Latin Quarter, charming Rodin Museum, famous Bon Marché department store, la Pagode movie theater with its Old Chinese architecture, shops and restaurants.
2752	Very near Eiffel Tower suitable for birthdays and enterrement de vie de jeune fille/ jeune garcon	Superbe appartement proche de la Tour Eiffel a 10 minutes a pied, WIFI, Breakfast , Illimited calls (NOT GSM) vers USA Canada Australia HK CHINA MALAYSIA INDONESIA JAPAN EUROPE Bakery is downstair ,restaurants  supermarkets are 10 meters away , Very near Eiffel Tower suitable for birthdays and enterrement de vie de jeune fille/ jeune garcon full flat including 2 bedrooms 1 double living room  views on the eiffel tower lift email viber whatsup phone sms prime location of paris near the eiffel tower very safe very conservative no metro because of heavy weight of eiffel tower bus 69 42 please be aware that the building is very conservative so please respect the old neighbourghood no big noise respect the people and no big party
2753	Balcon avec vue rapprochée sur la tour Eiffel	Charmant appartement dans un quartier résidentiel, clair et calme donnant sur un parc privé au pied de la tour Eiffel, proche du parc du champ de mars, des commerces, des métro et des restaurants gastronomiques. Location minimum de 4 nuits Balcon avec vue rapprochée sur la tour Eiffel tout paris à proximité : Musées (quai branly, orsay, mam, trocadero...), Restaurants simples et gastronomiques, tous commerces, parc, rivière SEINE au pied d'un hub de bus, à 200 m du metro DUPLEIX, à 300 m du métro MOTTE-PIQUET, à 400m du train direct vers le chateau de VERSAILLES
2754		AVEC POUTRES ET PIERRES APPARENTES! appartement pour 2 personnes avec un grand lit + 1 lit simple
2755	The apartment is situated on the 6th floor with an elevator, very bright. With a view of Paroisse Saint-Pierre du Gros Caillou It is a clean apartment with a beautiful decoration. The apartment was renovated by a famous designer. Kitchen with table for lunch or dinner for two persons. Functional kitchen and full equipped. Large storage cupboards and chest of drawers to store your belongings. Eiffel Tower view from the bedroom window. Hyper trendy and lively district. The Eiffel Tower is at 5 minutes by walk, Ecole Militaire at 5 minutes by walk and Invalides at by 10 minutes walk. Metro is less than 4 minutes by walk, there is a taxi station at the end of the street, and a public parking at 200 meters. Very good bed, everything is new, the apartment was completely renovated in April and May 2015. We provide bed linen and towels. Bed dimensions 160cm*200cm it is new and very comfortable. There are two design chairs. The apartment designed with double window, it is very quiet at night. Y	The apartment is situated on the 6th floor with an elevator, very bright. With a view of Paroisse Saint-Pierre du Gros Caillou It is a clean apartment with a beautiful decoration. The apartment was renovated by a famous designer. Kitchen with table for lunch or dinner for two persons. Functional kitchen and full equipped. Large storage cupboards and chest of drawers to store your belongings. Eiffel Tower view from the bedroom window. Hyper trendy and lively district. The Eiffel Tower is at 5 minutes by walk, Ecole Militaire at 5 minutes by walk and Invalides at by 10 minutes walk. Metro is less than 4 minutes by walk, there is a taxi station at the end of the street, and a public parking at 200 meters. Very good bed, everything is new, the apartment was completely renovated in April and May 2015. We provide bed linen and towels. Bed dimensions 160cm*200cm it is new and very comfortable. There are two design chairs. The apartment designed with double window, it is very quiet at night. Y
2756	The astonishing view upon the Eiffel tower will convince you. This apartment is located on the 5th floor of an opulent-building, equipped with an elevator . The access is secured by 2 door codes. All windows are double-glazed and overlook the street or a calm courtyard There are two bright bedrooms, both are double bedded with wardrobe and storage. The living room is rather spacious and equiped with two sofas, TV, coffee table and 4 stools. The open american kitchen is equipped with an oven, fridge, washingmachine and all ustensils for cooking. The bathroom contains a shower, and toilets.	Real nest, warm and cosy apartment of 55 square meters with 2 bedrooms overlooking the Eiffel tower which can sleep 4 people. The astonishing view upon the Eiffel tower will convince you. This apartment is located on the 5th floor of an opulent-building, equipped with an elevator . The access is secured by 2 door codes. All windows are double-glazed and overlook the street or a calm courtyard There are two bright bedrooms, both are double bedded with wardrobe and storage. The living room is rather spacious and equiped with two sofas, TV, coffee table and 4 stools. The open american kitchen is equipped with an oven, fridge, washingmachine and all ustensils for cooking. The bathroom contains a shower, and toilets. The whole apartment and communal areas e-mail and phone to assist you Very well located just behind the famous 'Assemblée nationale' in the 7th district on the left bank, the richest and the most elegant part of Paris. In the neighborhood, you will find everything you need such
2757	"You're dying to live a Parisian experience ? Welcome ! Your 1st view ? The Eiffel Tower ! Your last view ? The Eiffel Tower !  Once you crossed the door, you will discover a typically Parisian family bourgeois building, with a large entrance, a ""gardienne"", large stairs with carpet, and an useful lift.  Whether you came with your partner, or with family or friends, you will have enough space in that 2 bedrooms apartment to enjoy a quiet evening at home, sharing a nice wine or a warm dinner.  Enjoy the luxury of a whole furnished kitchen, as the time of a bath in the large bathroom.  Experience a Parisian daily life, with all its comfort and beauty ! We rent the whole apartment.  So you have access to everything we put in the flat.  Once you inquired about the place and that we finalized the booking, we will send you by email the instructions to access the place. We will be there on your arrival and on your departure.  We keep being reachable by email and/or phone during your stay for a"	"You're dying to live a Parisian experience ? Welcome ! Your 1st view ? The Eiffel Tower ! Your last view ? The Eiffel Tower !  Once you crossed the door, you will discover a typically Parisian family bourgeois building, with a large entrance, a ""gardienne"", large stairs with carpet, and an useful lift.  Whether you came with your partner, or with family or friends, you will have enough space in that 2 bedrooms apartment to enjoy a quiet evening at home, sharing a nice wine or a warm dinner.  Enjoy the luxury of a whole furnished kitchen, as the time of a bath in the large bathroom.  Experience a Parisian daily life, with all its comfort and beauty ! We rent the whole apartment.  So you have access to everything we put in the flat.  Once you inquired about the place and that we finalized the booking, we will send you by email the instructions to access the place. We will be there on your arrival and on your departure.  We keep being reachable by email and/or phone during your stay for a"
2758		A few minutes walk from Musée d’Orsay, Musée du Louvre, Invalides and Saint Germain’s gardens and cafés, the apartment is incredibly quiet and bright. It is accessible by elevator and has a charming view on Parisian roofs.  The apartment is at the 3rd floor, with elevator. It includes a fully-equipped kitchen, a toilette and a bathroom with washing machine. The room is spacious, endowed with a very comfortable bed, a sound system with iPhone dock and has light coming from every side. The large window has darkening curtains in order for you to rest well and the room has a separate dressing space with many cases where you can put your clothes, luggages and other belongings.  You will have access to a wifi connection and a surprising library including philosophy and art books from France, Italy and Portugal. Sheets, towels and flatware are provided.  The neighbourhood is home to a vibrant artistic and intellectual scene and includes some of the most surprising galleries and cafés of Saint
2759	Apartment located on avenue de Breteuil, in the exclusive 7th arrondissement of Paris, near to the Invalides, the Rodin Museum and 2 steps from the Eiffel Tower. Very quiet neighboor. 6th floor courtyard with elevator - Guardian - Digicode Very central, there are many subway and bus stations at direct proximity, the Champs Elysées, the great Parisian museums (Louvre, Orsay, Grand Palais) and Saint Germain des Prés are direct proximity. Metro Sèvres Lecourbes (6) / St. Francis Xavier (13) / Ségur (10) Shops (supermarket, pharmacy, bakery, wine shop, butcher, florist, bank .....) and many restaurants on the Avenue. Great market on Thursday and Saturday at 100 meters. Very quiet, bright, fully equipped and tastefully decorated, this apartment will suit both for tourism as a business (website hidden) / DVD, Blue Ray / Wifi Hifi - CD Kitchen: Oven - Ceramic Hob - Fridge - Dishwasher - Toaster - Kettle - Coffee - Hood - Crockery - Cutlery - Glasses - Utensils etc ... etc .... Bathroom: Bath 	Apartment located on avenue de Breteuil, in the exclusive 7th arrondissement of Paris, near to the Invalides, the Rodin Museum and 2 steps from the Eiffel Tower. Very quiet neighboor. 6th floor courtyard with elevator - Guardian - Digicode Very central, there are many subway and bus stations at direct proximity, the Champs Elysées, the great Parisian museums (Louvre, Orsay, Grand Palais) and Saint Germain des Prés are direct proximity. Metro Sèvres Lecourbes (6) / St. Francis Xavier (13) / Ségur (10) Shops (supermarket, pharmacy, bakery, wine shop, butcher, florist, bank .....) and many restaurants on the Avenue. Great market on Thursday and Saturday at 100 meters. Very quiet, bright, fully equipped and tastefully decorated, this apartment will suit both for tourism as a business (website hidden) / DVD, Blue Ray / Wifi Hifi - CD Kitchen: Oven - Ceramic Hob - Fridge - Dishwasher - Toaster - Kettle - Coffee - Hood - Crockery - Cutlery - Glasses - Utensils etc ... etc .... Bathroom: Bath 
2760	This charming 83 square meters , 3 Bedrooms (2 out of it are adjoining), apartment is located on boulevard de La Tour Maubourg in the 7th distric of Paris, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it coule be sleep 6 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer-dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. Bedrooms 1 and 3 are contiguous (see floor plan). Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, intercom. The 10 square meters entrance hall leads directly to the kitchen, the living room, bedrooms 1 and 2 (see floor plan). The 22 square meters living room has 2 double glazed windows facing street . It is equipped with : coffee table that can become a dining table for 6 people, double sofa bed, cable, TV, 2 armchairs, hard wood floor. The 6 square meters separated kitchen has a window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : fridge, freezer, dishw	This charming 83 square meters , 3 Bedrooms, apartment is located on boulevard de La Tour Maubourg in the 7th arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 6 people. This charming 83 square meters , 3 Bedrooms (2 out of it are adjoining), apartment is located on boulevard de La Tour Maubourg in the 7th distric of Paris, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it coule be sleep 6 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer-dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. Bedrooms 1 and 3 are contiguous (see floor plan). Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, intercom. The 10 square meters entrance hall leads directly to the kitchen, the living room, bedrooms 1 and 2 (see floor plan). The 22 square meters living room has 2 double glazed windows facing street . It is equipped with : coffee table that can become
2761	Situé au 6ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble des années 30, en plein coeur du prestigieux 7ème arrondissement de Paris. Studio d'une superficie de 30m2, il a un séjour/cuisine et une chambre séparés. Extrêmement lumineux, il offre une agréable vue dégagée donnant sur l'Eglise du Gros Caillou et la Tour Eiffel, une cuisine US entièrement équipée, une salle de bain spacieuse et lumineuse et de nombreux rangements. Entièrement refait en 2015, l'appartement a été décoré dans un style design vintage, bénéficiant ainsi d'une superbe atmosphère à la fois gaie et chaleureuse. Idéalement situé, au sein d'un quartier culturellement très riche, vous aurez facilement accès à toutes vos sorties et visites et en même temps vous bénéficiez d'un agréable pied à terre à l'ambiance joyeuse et conviviale, lorsque vous souhaitez vous détendre et vous reposer. Les commerces de la rue Saint Dominique et de la rue Cler sont à deux pas. Vous aurez accès à tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjo	Charming and fresh feeling 30 sqm apartment. Recently refurbished, fully equipped. Very bright, nice open view on Paris rooftops (6th floor with lift) and on Eiffel tour. Ideally located in Paris. All transportation, restaurants and shops around ! Situé au 6ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble des années 30, en plein coeur du prestigieux 7ème arrondissement de Paris. Studio d'une superficie de 30m2, il a un séjour/cuisine et une chambre séparés. Extrêmement lumineux, il offre une agréable vue dégagée donnant sur l'Eglise du Gros Caillou et la Tour Eiffel, une cuisine US entièrement équipée, une salle de bain spacieuse et lumineuse et de nombreux rangements. Entièrement refait en 2015, l'appartement a été décoré dans un style design vintage, bénéficiant ainsi d'une superbe atmosphère à la fois gaie et chaleureuse. Idéalement situé, au sein d'un quartier culturellement très riche, vous aurez facilement accès à toutes vos sorties et visites et en même temps vous bénéficiez d'
2762	This large one bedroom can sleep up to five guests and is very quiet and bright, with lots of open ‘blue sky views’ out the two large living room windows. Period wooden floors, old exposed wooden ceiling beams, an original marble fireplace and original paintings grace the property, with decorations and furnishings the property owners have lovingly chosen. This Paris short term rental is very comfortable and peaceful, with double paned windows and the bedroom on the inner courtyard side, which has rich wood paneling in a wainscoting style. In the heart of the sumptuous 7th district, you have most everything you need right on your same street and block! A small grocery store is just a few doors down and several excellent restaurants are also a couple doors away. Wonderful bakeries right on your street and a great feature is the close metro stop Varenne, not more than a 4 minute walk away. You are a block from the whole Invalides War Museums/Gardens and Napoleon’s Tomb and the famous rue 	Sleeps up to 3 adults/2 children - Handsome One Bedroom w/great location! Just a short block form the famous Rodin Museum and so much more!!          This large one bedroom can sleep up to five guests and is very quiet and bright, with lots of open ‘blue sky views’ out the two large living room windows. Period wooden floors, old exposed wooden ceiling beams, an original marble fireplace and original paintings grace the property, with decorations and furnishings the property owners have lovingly chosen. This Paris short term rental is very comfortable and peaceful, with double paned windows and the bedroom on the inner courtyard side, which has rich wood paneling in a wainscoting style. In the heart of the sumptuous 7th district, you have most everything you need right on your same street and block! A small grocery store is just a few doors down and several excellent restaurants are also a couple doors away. Wonderful bakeries right on your street and a great feature is the close metro 
2763	Le logement est très spacieux pour deux personnes. Il dispose d'une grande chambre et d'un grand salon avec un canapé lit et peut donc loger 4 personnes.  Il est intégré dans un appartement plus grand mais totalement autonome.	Emplacement totalement unique et exceptionnel  à Paris. Les fenêtres de l’appartement donnent sur un jardin qui est lui même en lien direct avec le champ de Mars. Immeuble  Haussmannien  de très grand standing. Ensemble très bourgeois et parisien. Le logement est très spacieux pour deux personnes. Il dispose d'une grande chambre et d'un grand salon avec un canapé lit et peut donc loger 4 personnes.  Il est intégré dans un appartement plus grand mais totalement autonome. Après être rentré dans l'appartement principal vous avez accès a l'appartement loué et  vous êtes entièrement chez vous avec accès entièrement privé à la cuisine et la salle de bain. J'habite dans le même immeuble et me tiens à votre disposition pour vous renseigner si besoin. Le quartier est  évidement  unique du fait de la présence de la tour Eiffel qui se trouve à quelques mètres de l'autre côté côté du jardin privatif. L'immeuble se trouve entre les stations Champs de Mars / Ecole militaire et Pont de l'alma. Depuis
2764		Huge (100m²) & lovely flat in an Haussmanian building located between Saint Germain blvd, Assemblée Nationale, Invalides and Tour Eiffel. Big living room and kitchen, dish machine, washing machine and wifi available at your convenience.
2765	Between Invalides and Eiffel Tower. Just in front typical pedestrian street	"Three rooms flat, ideal for family, between Eiffel Tower and Invalides. Just in from of typical pedestrian street Full equiped Between Invalides and Eiffel Tower. Just in front typical pedestrian street All the flat Touristical and very plaisant place for living, with all commoditees and stores. Metro Line 8, Ecole Militaire station at 1 minute. Many places with interest around, at less than 10 minutes by foot ( Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Museums , pedestrian path "" Les berges de la seine"" andt typical markets and streets )."
2766		Chambre indépendante rénovée au RDC  - 16m 2 Cosy and independant room, ground floor, with a mezzanine bed for 2, a sofa, table, shower and toilets in separates rooms,  microwave and a keetle - no internet. 3 nights minimum
2767	Grand 2 pièces dans un immeuble 1930, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur donnant sur une grande cour calme et ensoleillée. Cet appartement comprend une chambre avec 2 lits simples pouvant etre fait en queen size et un salon- salle à manger avec un canapé lit 2 personnes.grande salle de bain avec une baignoire et une douche, cuisine américaine bien équipée avec machines à laver vaiselle et (website hidden), téléphone et Internet connexion WIFI. Le quartier résidentiel est très sur mais aussi très animé. de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants ( notamment La Fontaine de Mars ou Obama a diné avec sa famille). On peut rejoindre à pied les Champ Elysées, le musée Quai Branly des Arts Premiers, le musée d'Orsay et de nombreuses autres activités touristiques ( la Tour Eiffel à 5mm).	Grand 2 pièces dans un immeuble 1930, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur donnant sur une grande cour calme et ensoleillée. Cet appartement comprend une chambre avec 2 lits simples pouvant etre fait en queen size et un salon- salle à manger avec un canapé lit 2 personnes.grande salle de bain avec une baignoire et une douche, cuisine américaine bien équipée avec machines à laver vaiselle et (website hidden), téléphone et Internet connexion WIFI. Le quartier résidentiel est très sur mais aussi très animé. de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants ( notamment La Fontaine de Mars ou Obama a diné avec sa famille). On peut rejoindre à pied les Champ Elysées, le musée Quai Branly des Arts Premiers, le musée d'Orsay et de nombreuses autres activités touristiques ( la Tour Eiffel à 5mm).
2768	"Charming apartment for up to 4 people in the heart of the chic 7th district of Paris, just a 5 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower. Absolutely safe neighborhood but very lively with lots of cafes, bars, restaurants, shops, supermarkets, pharmacies, ... for a true Parisian life!  Discover Paris at your leisure, with the metro stations ""Ecole Militaire"" and ""La Tour Maubourg"" within a few minutes from the apartment, and many bus lines go all over Paris in less than 30 minutes.  Champs Elysées or Opera are 10 minutes by subway. Notre Dame de Paris and the Louvre Museum are only 15 minutes away."	"Lovely fully-furnished apartment in the heart of Paris! Charming apartment for up to 4 people in the heart of the chic 7th district of Paris, just a 5 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower. Absolutely safe neighborhood but very lively with lots of cafes, bars, restaurants, shops, supermarkets, pharmacies, ... for a true Parisian life!  Discover Paris at your leisure, with the metro stations ""Ecole Militaire"" and ""La Tour Maubourg"" within a few minutes from the apartment, and many bus lines go all over Paris in less than 30 minutes.  Champs Elysées or Opera are 10 minutes by subway. Notre Dame de Paris and the Louvre Museum are only 15 minutes away. At your disposal:  - Towels  - Clean sheets  - High-speed internet and wifi  - Hairdryer - Washing machine  - Dishwasher  - Iron and ironing board  - Oven  - Microwave  - Electric hob - Fridge  - LCD TV 40"" I will be more than happy to to share with you some good plans and informations. In the heart of Paris, the apartment is very quiet but the "
2769	The apartment opens onto the kitchen, which comes with all necessary appliances (microwave, dishwasher and Italian coffee machine) and directly leads into the living room, comprising a small dining corner and a relaxation area with a double sofa bed (140 cm). Two windows overlook the inner courtyard offering a quiet and relaxed ambience.  On the right is the bathroom fitted with shower, basin and toilet, whilst across from the entrance there is the bedroom -with views of the courtyard, too- featuring a double bed (160 cm) and a spacious wardrobe (a small part of the closet is currently being used by the owner).	Lovely one bedroom apartment of 38 (website hidden) located on the first floor of an elegant building (no elevator) fully renovated in 2012 in Saint Germain, steps away from both Musée d'Orsay and Musée Rodin. The apartment opens onto the kitchen, which comes with all necessary appliances (microwave, dishwasher and Italian coffee machine) and directly leads into the living room, comprising a small dining corner and a relaxation area with a double sofa bed (140 cm). Two windows overlook the inner courtyard offering a quiet and relaxed ambience.  On the right is the bathroom fitted with shower, basin and toilet, whilst across from the entrance there is the bedroom -with views of the courtyard, too- featuring a double bed (160 cm) and a spacious wardrobe (a small part of the closet is currently being used by the owner). Guests have access to the entire apartment, and have full use of the kitchen. Sheets and towels are provided for free.  Upon arrival we will be waiting for you at the apar
2770		My apartment is located in one the best spot of Paris: St Germain des Prés - 1 min from Le Bon Marché.  It has an amazing terrasse! You live the typical Parisan life in a lovely-brand new apt (up to 4 people)  Lots of public transportations nearby
2771	Luminous but cosy living space due to real parquet floors, high ceilings and large windows.  Inviting open space kitchen with Electrolux oven and gas hob. Compact but elegant bathroom. Spacious double bedroom Wifi, big screen tv, free phone to land lines to more than 200countries. Handing over and returning house keys Calm residential area with bustle and atmosphere within walking distance : lively restaurants, bars and chic boutiques of the rue Saint Dominique and rue Cler, Saint Germain des Près a short bus or bike ride away, walking from the Eiffel Tower to the Louvre along the pedestrianised walkway down by the Seine... -Metros Ecole Militaire, Alma Marceau and Bir Hakim within 10 min walking distance (access Opéra, Galleries Lafayette, Grands Boulevards, Republique) -Bus 63, 42, 92 within 5 min walking distance (access Saint Germian, Gare du Nord, Montparnasse) -RER C within 5 min walking distance (access Musée d'Orsay, Versailles) -Champs-Elysée 20min walking distance Wifi, big s	"Appartment at the feet of the Eiffel tower. It is a typical parisian 2bdr flat recently renewed.Less than 10min walking to 3 tube stations and RER C.Very close to all the all the ""must visit"" monuments and places in Paris. Safe & quiet during night Luminous but cosy living space due to real parquet floors, high ceilings and large windows.  Inviting open space kitchen with Electrolux oven and gas hob. Compact but elegant bathroom. Spacious double bedroom Wifi, big screen tv, free phone to land lines to more than 200countries. Handing over and returning house keys Calm residential area with bustle and atmosphere within walking distance : lively restaurants, bars and chic boutiques of the rue Saint Dominique and rue Cler, Saint Germain des Près a short bus or bike ride away, walking from the Eiffel Tower to the Louvre along the pedestrianised walkway down by the Seine... -Metros Ecole Militaire, Alma Marceau and Bir Hakim within 10 min walking distance (access Opéra, Galleries Lafayette, "
2772	Parquet au mur, moulures. Appartement Parisien dans un superbe style ancien	Bel app dans super quartier commerçant et touristique.  A côté de la your eiffel et proche champs élysées. Parquet au mur, moulures. Appartement Parisien dans un superbe style ancien Une chambre avec lit double et sa salle de bain privée.  Un canapé convertible Le salon Cuisine Toilettes Selon votre volonté Métro ligne 8 Arret : École Militaire ou la tour-maubourg A 5 minutes a pieds de l appartement Situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur
2773	• Enjoy a Welcoming Ambiance   The apartment has one bedroom (with king bed) and its own private bathroom, combining beautiful original features with modern comforts. The fully equipped kitchen with all new appliances has a refrigerator, dishwasher, oven, coffee maker, toaster and all utensils necessary for cooking and eating. The open kitchen has a dining table and chairs for up to 4 people, perfect for dinner parties or family gatherings. In addition you will find a cosy sofa in the living room where you will be able to enjoy relaxing moments after days of walking and sightseeing.   The bathroom has been designed and finished to the best standards, with carefully chosen faucets and nice tiles. It has a large bathtub with an enclosed American shower above, and its WC located separately (ideal if you have extra guests). We also supply white fluffy towels, liquid soap, and a hair dryer.   The apartment is equipped with a flat screen TV with cable, DVD player, laptop with WIFI and a phon	A So Chic Apartment in Beautiful Saint Germain des Prés Close both to famous Saint Germain des Prés and the Musée d'Orsay, this lovely apartment has just been completely and elegantly (website hidden) elevator takes you up to your Parisian pied à terre. 
2774	You could not ask for a better location in the middle of everything. The Studio room is located Rue Cler, a charming and alive pedestrian cobbled street which offers a lot of shopkeepers (bakeries, butchers, fishmonger, bookshop, cheesemongers, florists, win merchants etc.) and numerous restaurants.  Only a few minutes away from the Seine, the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Rodin and Orsay Museums and the elegant Champs de Mars, the Studio is ideally located in order to fully experience the rich and vibrant atmosphere of Paris Room - 22 sqm (240 sq feet) - Very comfortable Queen size bed (160 x 200 cm) with delicate sheets - Dvd and book collection - Bathrobes and slippers Kitchen - Nespresso machine - Microwave/grill oven - 2 plate glass ceramic cooker - Refrigerator - Toaster - Hood - Dishes - Linen Bathroom - High-quality fittings - Marble walls and floor - Walk-in shower – Towels – Hair dryer and hair straightener Technology - High definition plasma-screen television with an inte	The Studio is located Rue Cler, a charming and alive pedestrian cobbled street. This Studio is the perfect urban sanctuary for those seeking a luminous, quiet and intimate accommodation with high quality amenities. Some bespoke furniture, a delicate colour palette and a DVD collection ensure your ultimate relaxation and entertainment.  You could not ask for a better location in the middle of everything. The Studio room is located Rue Cler, a charming and alive pedestrian cobbled street which offers a lot of shopkeepers (bakeries, butchers, fishmonger, bookshop, cheesemongers, florists, win merchants etc.) and numerous restaurants.  Only a few minutes away from the Seine, the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Rodin and Orsay Museums and the elegant Champs de Mars, the Studio is ideally located in order to fully experience the rich and vibrant atmosphere of Paris Room - 22 sqm (240 sq feet) - Very comfortable Queen size bed (160 x 200 cm) with delicate sheets - Dvd and book collection - B
2775	PARIS RENTAL Classique One Bedroom - ID# 8 Sleeps up to 4 - Classic and Quiet  Situated in the heart of the 7th District, this apartment is just a short walk away from the famous rue Cler market street, the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. Enjoy yourself in this charming, quiet Paris apartment in the prestigious 7th arrondissement. All your needs met within just a 10 minute stroll. The famous Poujauran boulangerie is right around the corner on rue Jean Nicot. There is a supermarket across the street and rue Cler is a short walk from this well located apartment. You will find food and flower markets as well as gourmet shops and restaurants within a short distance of this apartment. There are numerous well known restaurants close by. As far as sights, Invalides with its golden dome and Napoleon's Tomb is very close by. You can pack a lunch and walk to the Rodin Museum and eat in the garden with Rodin's famous statues. The Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars is a 10 minute walk from the apartment.	 Sleeps up to 4 - Classic and Quiet  Situated in the heart of the 7th District, this one bedroom apartment is just a short walk away from the famous rue Cler market street, the Eiffel Tower and Invalides.       PARIS RENTAL Classique One Bedroom - ID# 8 Sleeps up to 4 - Classic and Quiet  Situated in the heart of the 7th District, this apartment is just a short walk away from the famous rue Cler market street, the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. Enjoy yourself in this charming, quiet Paris apartment in the prestigious 7th arrondissement. All your needs met within just a 10 minute stroll. The famous Poujauran boulangerie is right around the corner on rue Jean Nicot. There is a supermarket across the street and rue Cler is a short walk from this well located apartment. You will find food and flower markets as well as gourmet shops and restaurants within a short distance of this apartment. There are numerous well known restaurants close by. As far as sights, Invalides with its golden dome and
2776	This 2 rooms of 25 square meters is located at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, in a prestigious and residential part of the 7th arrondissement. Quiet, it is facing an inner courtyard, on the first floor  of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 3 people.This flat has been completely renovated in November 2012. The living room beautifully decorated has an extra leather sofa bed, brand new furnitures and flat screen TV. The matress of the bedroom and the sofa are very good quality. This furnished apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom with bath/shower. All bed and bath linens are provided. The Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais, the Invalides, the Musée d'Orsay and the Champs de Mars garden are all within walking distance. 	This 2 rooms of 25 square meters is located at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, in a prestigious and residential part of the 7th arrondissement. Quiet, it is facing an inner courtyard, on the first floor  of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 3 people.This flat has been completely renovated in November 2012. The living room beautifully decorated has an extra leather sofa bed, brand new furnitures and flat screen TV. The matress of the bedroom and the sofa are very good quality. This furnished apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom with bath/shower. All bed and bath linens are provided. The Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais, the Invalides, the Musée d'Orsay and the Champs de Mars garden are all within walking distance. 
2777		Appartement spacieux et lumineux. Proche du quartier Saint Germain et Montparnasse. Ruelle calme et agréable. Rue commerçante et desservie par plusieurs bus et métro. Un appartement 2 pièces et un salon avec une cuisine américaine. Une perle du 7e.  Un supermarché ouvert jusqu'à 23h à proximité. 2 stations de métros très proches.
2778	Appartement propre et lumineux de 30m2, avec une grande pièce à vivre (TV, table à repasser, rangements, wifi illimité, ventilateur, aspirateur etc.) avec une cuisine américaine équipée (four, micro ondes, frigo, grille pain, machine à laver, etc.). Une salle de bain avec douche et toilette. Un canapé lit 2 places, tout neuf et confortable, avec la possibilité de rajouter un couchage (chauffeuse en mousse convertible). * Vue sur la Tour Eiffel * A proximité de nombreux commerces pour faire les courses (carrefour market, franprix, leader price, primeurs, charcutiers, traiteurs, boulangerie), aller au restaurant (nombreuses brasseries et restaurants divers), manger une glace (amorino et glacier maison), faire du shopping, etc. Vous y trouverez aussi des pharmacies, des distributeurs (ATM), La poste, etc. Idéalement situé et quartier très agréable !	Charmant studio, propre et lumineux, situé en plein cœur de Paris. Equipé d'un lit double avec possibilité d'un couchage en plus (chauffeuse convertible), d'une cuisine américaine aménagée et salle de bain. Au pied  du métro, des commerces et vélibs. Appartement propre et lumineux de 30m2, avec une grande pièce à vivre (TV, table à repasser, rangements, wifi illimité, ventilateur, aspirateur etc.) avec une cuisine américaine équipée (four, micro ondes, frigo, grille pain, machine à laver, etc.). Une salle de bain avec douche et toilette. Un canapé lit 2 places, tout neuf et confortable, avec la possibilité de rajouter un couchage (chauffeuse en mousse convertible). * Vue sur la Tour Eiffel * A proximité de nombreux commerces pour faire les courses (carrefour market, franprix, leader price, primeurs, charcutiers, traiteurs, boulangerie), aller au restaurant (nombreuses brasseries et restaurants divers), manger une glace (amorino et glacier maison), faire du shopping, etc. Vous y trouver
2779	Beau deux pièces, tout équipé. Dispose d'un lit deux places dans la chambre et d'un canapé convertible confortable dans le salon. La cuisine ouverte est totalement équipée. Vous trouverez également un combi lave-linge/séche-linge dans la salle de bain. L'appartement dispose d'internet et du Wifi.	    Bonjour, Notre appartement se situe dans une rue calme. Proche de la tour Eiffel, des Invalides et des quais de Seine. Il est idéalement placé pour une visite des monuments et des musées de Paris.       Beau deux pièces, tout équipé. Dispose d'un lit deux places dans la chambre et d'un canapé convertible confortable dans le salon. La cuisine ouverte est totalement équipée. Vous trouverez également un combi lave-linge/séche-linge dans la salle de bain. L'appartement dispose d'internet et du Wifi. L'appartement est loué en entier. Des serviettes de toilette, des draps et gel douche/shampoing sont à disposition. Nous serons absents pendant cette période. Mais vous rencontrerez un de nos amis proche qui vous remettra les clés. Vous pourrez laisser les clés en partant dans la boîte aux lettres. Nous serons tout de même joignables par téléphone ou e-mail à tout moment. L'appartement est idéalement situé à 10mn à pied des quais de seine. 5mn à pied du champ de Mars (Tour Eiffel) Une agréa
2780	Propre Bien situé Pratique	Un appartement propre, refait à neuf et lumineux ! Quatier très agréable toutes commodités (supérette, boulanger, primeur, boucher, poissonnier, fromager, etc) Proche métro (ligne8) Déco minimaliste -> en cours d'aménagement donc prix attractifs Propre Bien situé Pratique Accès à la chambre (qu'il faut partager avec moi même) au salon et à la cuisine qu'il faut partager avec l'autre colocataire aussi. Si nous sommes dans l'appartement au meme moment on peut partager repas, jeu, etc Joli et calme ce quartier permet d'avoir la majorité des choses nécessaires à proximité immédiate Ligne 8: la tour maubourg ou ecole militaire à 2 minutes à pied, très pratique ATTENTION --> chambre partagée Les draps ne sont pas fournis ! Nous vivons à deux dans cet appartement en colocation et tout se passe pour le mieux Vous aurez peut etre à partager la cuisine avec mon coloc aussi Cette chambre que vous allez habiter pour quelques temps est aussi la mienne et il y aura des affaires personnelles je compt
2781	The apartment has fitted carpets, decorative mouldings and original marble fireplaces. It is the ideal place for families, friends, business people or couples travelling together who want to have a real Parisian experience.  - 1 Master bedroom 5* decoration (Cable TV, ,fireplace) with a king size bed with on suite bathroom with bath - Large Bedroom (King size bed, Cable TV, ) - Standard bed room (Single bed, attached bathroom with a shower) - Standard bed room - double bed and on suite bathroom) - Sitting room /Dining room with elegant furniture and pieces of art.  - Fully equipped kitchen. - Flowered balconies in sitting room and 2 of the - Private access and elevator facility. ...................... CLEANLINESS - The apartment is hotel ready professionally cleaned after the guest depart and the before guest arrive. - Clean towels, Beddings etc. - Rooms/Bathrooms could be cleaned daily. ........................ 	Close to Eiffle Tower spacious and elegant flat in Haussmannien building The apartment has fitted carpets, decorative mouldings and original marble fireplaces. It is the ideal place for families, friends, business people or couples travelling together who want to have a real Parisian experience.  - 1 Master bedroom 5* decoration (Cable TV, ,fireplace) with a king size bed with on suite bathroom with bath - Large Bedroom (King size bed, Cable TV, ) - Standard bed room (Single bed, attached bathroom with a shower) - Standard bed room - double bed and on suite bathroom) - Sitting room /Dining room with elegant furniture and pieces of art.  - Fully equipped kitchen. - Flowered balconies in sitting room and 2 of the - Private access and elevator facility. ...................... CLEANLINESS - The apartment is hotel ready professionally cleaned after the guest depart and the before guest arrive. - Clean towels, Beddings etc. - Rooms/Bathrooms could be cleaned daily. ........................ C
2782	This floored and tiled studio  of 15 m2 at 2nd floor,is very quiet , fully furnished for two people, is located rue Cler, one of the most popular and lively pedestrian streets of Paris (cafes, restaurants, supermarkets, laundry, post office, pharmacy, market, shops ...) 2 minutes from the metro and BUS, the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Champs de Mars ... The main room has two single beds, a large wardrobe, a table and four folding chairs, two large shelves, flat screen  TV. The kitchen (ceramic hob, fridge/Freezer, Hood) and the shower/toilets are separated from the main room. All bed linen, kitchen and shower are provided as well with household utensils (plates, kettle, coffee maker, toaster, oven..) All charges are included: electricity,hot water, ADSL  (200 TV channels, internet 100 mega, phone unlimited calls to 100 destinations).	This floored and tiled studio  of 15 m2 at 2nd floor,is very quiet , fully furnished for two people, is located rue Cler, one of the most popular and lively pedestrian streets of Paris (cafes, restaurants, supermarkets, laundry, post office, pharmacy, market, shops ...) 2 minutes from the metro and BUS, the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Champs de Mars ... The main room has two single beds, a large wardrobe, a table and four folding chairs, two large shelves, flat screen  TV. The kitchen (ceramic hob, fridge/Freezer, Hood) and the shower/toilets are separated from the main room. All bed linen, kitchen and shower are provided as well with household utensils (plates, kettle, coffee maker, toaster, oven..) All charges are included: electricity,hot water, ADSL  (200 TV channels, internet 100 mega, phone unlimited calls to 100 destinations).
2783	The flat for 4 persons has a livingroom (1 sofa bed) with an open kitchen, a quiet bedroom (1 double bed) and a bathrooom with separate toilet. Free WIFI.	Cute and all remade apartement, designed by the decorator Laurence Garrisson. Located in a quite and nice street in the Earth of Paris. Near to the main attractions of the capital. The flat for 4 persons has a livingroom (1 sofa bed) with an open kitchen, a quiet bedroom (1 double bed) and a bathrooom with separate toilet. Free WIFI. The Eiffel Tower, the famous shop Le Bon Marché, the Jardin du Luxembourg, the Hôtel des Invalides, the Orsay museum and many shops and restaurant in the neighborhood.  Its location and accessibilty will allow you to enjoy and visit Paris! At 5 minutes by walk: Metro 10 Vaneau Metro 10 & 13 Duroc Check-in is free between 3 :00 PM and 8 :00 PM. Before 3 :00 PM or after 8 :00 PM there will be, during the week, an extra of 30€ to pay by cash at your arrival. On week end and French’s public holiday there will be an extra of 40€ to pay by cash at your arrival at any time of the day.
2784	Thanks to its central location next to the Seine River right behind the Musée d'Orsay, the Louvre and the Tuileries Gardens are less than 5 minutes away on foot. All major monuments and historical neighborhoods including the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Notre Dame Cathedral, the Latin Quarter and the Marais are less than a 10 minute stroll away.  Montmartre, located at the very northern edge of Paris, is 15 minutes away from the métro stations Solférino or Rue du Bac (line 12). The palace of Versailles is 30 minutes away with the RER C at the Musée d'Orsay located in the street! The city's public biking rental station is also located next to the station. Located next to Rue du Bac, numerous restaurants, traditional markets and bars are to be discovered! Fashion lovers are steps away from Rue de Grenelle and the department store Le Bon Marché.	Forget about public transport: this charming one-bedroom apartment in St-Germain-des-Près is located in the heart of Paris, centrally located next to the Seine River, behind the Musée d'Orsay and 5 minutes away from the Louvre, 10 from the Marais. Thanks to its central location next to the Seine River right behind the Musée d'Orsay, the Louvre and the Tuileries Gardens are less than 5 minutes away on foot. All major monuments and historical neighborhoods including the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Notre Dame Cathedral, the Latin Quarter and the Marais are less than a 10 minute stroll away.  Montmartre, located at the very northern edge of Paris, is 15 minutes away from the métro stations Solférino or Rue du Bac (line 12). The palace of Versailles is 30 minutes away with the RER C at the Musée d'Orsay located in the street! The city's public biking rental station is also located next to the station. Located next to Rue du Bac, numerous restaurants, traditional markets and bars are to
2785		Dans une rue calme, au premier étage d'un petit immeuble, vous profiterez de la Tour Eiffel au bout de la rue et du quartier des Invalides à proximité. Chambre, salon, salle de bain, WC séparés, wifi, base IPod Multitude de commerces de proximité, champ de mars MÉTRO : ligne 8, arrêt École militaire RER C, arrêt Pont de l'Alma Bus
2786	The apartment is located on the ground floor of an old building and it faces a lovely and peaceful courtyard, also secured. This two-room split level apartment has character. The 1st level has nice high ceiling and two large windows that give a nice light during the day. The open-plan kitchen is fitted and opens onto the rest of the room. Very design, it is equipped with a fridge, an oven, a microwave, hot plates with cooker hood, a bar is its stoles. In the extension of the room, there are a dresser, and a retro style table which gives the vintage touch to this uncluttered space. In the mezzanine, there is the living room with a 140 cm sofa bed and a flat screen TV. The bathroom with WC, bath rub, washing machine and several storage spaces are on this level.  Several glass walls and stairs descending partially in glass let in the light to the lower floor. The design highlights perfectly this room with exquisite decoration and furniture. It is furnished with a 140 cm double bed, a clos	Between the large arterial streets of the seventh district of Paris, the streets Clerc and Saint-Dominique represent a family area with numerous convenience shops, restaurants and fashion boutiques. The apartment is located on the ground floor of an old building and it faces a lovely and peaceful courtyard, also secured. This two-room split level apartment has character. The 1st level has nice high ceiling and two large windows that give a nice light during the day. The open-plan kitchen is fitted and opens onto the rest of the room. Very design, it is equipped with a fridge, an oven, a microwave, hot plates with cooker hood, a bar is its stoles. In the extension of the room, there are a dresser, and a retro style table which gives the vintage touch to this uncluttered space. In the mezzanine, there is the living room with a 140 cm sofa bed and a flat screen TV. The bathroom with WC, bath rub, washing machine and several storage spaces are on this level.  Several glass walls and stairs
2787	A couple getaway ? A business trip ? A desire to discover Paris ?  This apartment is for you. Located in the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower and Les Invalides, this iconic area will welcome you warmly. You can in the same time enjoy the sun along the banks of the River Seine and discover the many shops of the Rue Cler. It is a quiet and sunny area overlooking the courtyard, on the first floor of a beautiful secure building. It contains a living room and a bedroom with a double bed (160x200) and a large dressing room, an equipped kitchen and a bathroom with WC. Métro Ecole Militaire (line 8) at two minutes walk. For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and (phone number hidden)€ after 12.00 For a check-in before 8.00am in the morning we ask for 50€ to give us upon arrival	It is a quiet and sunny area overlooking the courtyard, on the first floor of a beautiful secure building. It contains a living room and a bedroom with a double bed (160x200) and a large dressing room, an equipped kitchen A couple getaway ? A business trip ? A desire to discover Paris ?  This apartment is for you. Located in the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower and Les Invalides, this iconic area will welcome you warmly. You can in the same time enjoy the sun along the banks of the River Seine and discover the many shops of the Rue Cler. It is a quiet and sunny area overlooking the courtyard, on the first floor of a beautiful secure building. It contains a living room and a bedroom with a double bed (160x200) and a large dressing room, an equipped kitchen and a bathroom with WC. Métro Ecole Militaire (line 8) at two minutes walk. For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and (phone number hidden)
2788	This Walk-Up Apartment is located in the heart of Paris and comes fully equipped with everything you need to feel at home. Also, our 24/7 virtual concierge service and local hospitality team will be there to ensure you have a great stay. Authenticity with standards - that’s what we offer at Flatbook. Anytime you stay with us in one of the 25 cities we’re in, you can expect to stay in a unique, fully equipped apartment while benefiting from the services, amenities and consistency that you get when booking a hotel. Take your time to browse through the photos to get a true feel for the space. Once you have, here are some of the specifics: This apartment has 1 bed which means it can sleep 3 people. (We’re also happy to provide a queen sized air mattress if you would like to sleep more people. The Walk-Up Apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Balcony - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complime	This apartment is located in the heart of Paris’s 7th Arrondissement and comes fully equipped with everything you need to feel at home. Also, our 24/7 virtual concierge service and local hospitality team will be there to ensure you have a great stay. This Walk-Up Apartment is located in the heart of Paris and comes fully equipped with everything you need to feel at home. Also, our 24/7 virtual concierge service and local hospitality team will be there to ensure you have a great stay. Authenticity with standards - that’s what we offer at Flatbook. Anytime you stay with us in one of the 25 cities we’re in, you can expect to stay in a unique, fully equipped apartment while benefiting from the services, amenities and consistency that you get when booking a hotel. Take your time to browse through the photos to get a true feel for the space. Once you have, here are some of the specifics: This apartment has 1 bed which means it can sleep 3 people. (We’re also happy to provide a queen sized ai
2789		Five minutes wailking to the Musee d'Orsay, beautyfull and charming, ONE BEDROOM and 2 BATHROOM, on the 2ND FLOOR WITHOUT ELEVATOR.  Fully kitchen, close to the bakerys, supermarket and Saint Germain des Pres, La Seine, Metro, Buses and the Louvre
2790	My 2 bedroom flat is wonderfully bright in a lovely street close to St Germain des Pres. It is above or opposite some of the most beautiful galleries on the Left Bank, with all the cafés, restaurants and local shops just 3 or 4 minutes up the street; the perfect combination of calm yet close to the lively spots. You won't hear bars or buses.  This is not a hotel, this is my space and is decorated with items and memories. Use the kitchen, read the books, but please have the same respect as for your own place! Turn left for 100m, you'll be on the riverbank spoiled for choice! Cross right the Pont Neuf to take you to Notre Dame, or straight on over the magic Pont des Arts, or left on the Pont du Carrousel to take you straight to the courtyard (Le Carrousel) of the Louvre museum. The flat has  - American kitchen well equipped and with breakfast bar with 2 stools  - living room with comfy couch (convertible) - main bedroom with king size bed, choice of pillows, triple paned window for calm 	Beautiful appartment in the heart of Paris, just 5 minutes away from the Louvre. It is located in a very safe area. The appartment is  5 min away from the tube and 20mins walk to the Eiffel Tower. My 2 bedroom flat is wonderfully bright in a lovely street close to St Germain des Pres. It is above or opposite some of the most beautiful galleries on the Left Bank, with all the cafés, restaurants and local shops just 3 or 4 minutes up the street; the perfect combination of calm yet close to the lively spots. You won't hear bars or buses.  This is not a hotel, this is my space and is decorated with items and memories. Use the kitchen, read the books, but please have the same respect as for your own place! Turn left for 100m, you'll be on the riverbank spoiled for choice! Cross right the Pont Neuf to take you to Notre Dame, or straight on over the magic Pont des Arts, or left on the Pont du Carrousel to take you straight to the courtyard (Le Carrousel) of the Louvre museum. The flat has  - 
2791		Dans un ancien hotel particulier,  charmant deux pièces de 25m2 (1 chambre et un salon cuisine). L'appartement donne sur une superbe cour pavée et est situé à deux pas de Saint Germain des Près et à proximité de 3 lignes de métro (4, 10 et 12). Au cœur de Paris, vous pouvez vous rendre à pied au musée du Louvre, au jardin du Luxembourg, au musée d'Orsay,.... A 5 minutes des stations de metro Sèvres-Babylone (ligne 10 et 12) et Saint Sulpice (ligne 4).
2792	Agréable petit appartement de 25m2 donnant sur cour intérieure très calme. Entièrement refait à neuf, clair et agréable à vivre.  Une pièce à vivre avec lit armoire d'excellente qualité et d'un grand confort.  Une cuisine indépendante toute équipée.  Une salle de bain indépendante toute équipée.  Il est situé dans la célèbre et dynamique rue de Sèvres. A proximité du bon marché et de la grande épicerie de Paris.  Vous trouverez à proximité outre les commerces, plusieurs parcs tel que le jardin du Luxembourg Un endroit parfait pour un séjour parisien !	Studio au cœur du 7eme arrondissement de Paris, dans la rue de Sèvres. À proximité du Bon Marché.  A 2min du métro Vaneau (ligne 10) et Duroc (ligne 13). A 10min du métro Sèvres Lecourbe (ligne 6)  Peu accueillir deux personnes. Lit deux places.  Salle d'eau indépendante et cuisine indépendante. Agréable petit appartement de 25m2 donnant sur cour intérieure très calme. Entièrement refait à neuf, clair et agréable à vivre.  Une pièce à vivre avec lit armoire d'excellente qualité et d'un grand confort.  Une cuisine indépendante toute équipée.  Une salle de bain indépendante toute équipée.  Il est situé dans la célèbre et dynamique rue de Sèvres. A proximité du bon marché et de la grande épicerie de Paris.  Vous trouverez à proximité outre les commerces, plusieurs parcs tel que le jardin du Luxembourg Un endroit parfait pour un séjour parisien ! Metro ligne 10 / 13 et 6 à proximité  L'appartement est situé à proximité de tous les monuments historiques de Paris (4 stations des champs élysé
2793	Located at only 5 mns walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars, this lovely flat is not only ideally located but also very functional and quiet. It is the best place to both enjoy the Touristic parisian places and to rest in a peaceful atmosphere. The flat is at 5 mns walk from all the public transportations (subway, bus, RER) that you can use to go to Champs Elysees (10 mns), Opera (10 mns), Saint germain/Odeon (10 mns). This flat has two rooms. One bedroom with a 2 persons bedroom and one cosy living room with a 3 people bed. An additional one person bed is also available if needed. It has also a modern kitchen (fully furnished : oven, micro oven, big fridge, ...). It has also a convenient bathroom. There is a laundry washing machine that can be useful for all the family.	5 mns walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars, this lovely 45 m2 flat is not only ideally located but also functional and quiet. It is the best place to both enjoy the Touristic parisian places and to rest in a peaceful atmosphere. Located at only 5 mns walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars, this lovely flat is not only ideally located but also very functional and quiet. It is the best place to both enjoy the Touristic parisian places and to rest in a peaceful atmosphere. The flat is at 5 mns walk from all the public transportations (subway, bus, RER) that you can use to go to Champs Elysees (10 mns), Opera (10 mns), Saint germain/Odeon (10 mns). This flat has two rooms. One bedroom with a 2 persons bedroom and one cosy living room with a 3 people bed. An additional one person bed is also available if needed. It has also a modern kitchen (fully furnished : oven, micro oven, big fridge, ...). It has also a convenient bathroom. There is a laundry washing machine tha
2794	The apartment is in a beautiful building Haussmann 5 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the large garden of the Champ de Mars. It is located on 6th floor with elevator, which guarantees a very good light and very quiet. You'll feel like inside a cocoon. The decor is contemporary, everything has been designed to make it both beautiful and easy to use for guests. There is a wireless internet access. The building is VERY safe and complete with a concierge and central garden. There was no need for A/C, as a cool breeze was always present and the new windows were equipped with internal blackout blinds for privacy and late mornings (for sleeping in!) I bring a lot of care to the quality of the welcome and will be glad to help if you need advice. There is a book in the apartment that gives you the best places in the neighborhood. If you're hungry, you will find good restaurants, an excellent butcher, a bakery delicious .... many things to enjoy! And also a nearby market for fr	The apartment is in a beautiful building Haussmann 5 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the large garden of the Champ de Mars. It is located on 6th floor with elevator, which guarantees a very good light and very quiet. Read reviews The apartment is in a beautiful building Haussmann 5 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the large garden of the Champ de Mars. It is located on 6th floor with elevator, which guarantees a very good light and very quiet. You'll feel like inside a cocoon. The decor is contemporary, everything has been designed to make it both beautiful and easy to use for guests. There is a wireless internet access. The building is VERY safe and complete with a concierge and central garden. There was no need for A/C, as a cool breeze was always present and the new windows were equipped with internal blackout blinds for privacy and late mornings (for sleeping in!) I bring a lot of care to the quality of the welcome and will be glad to help if yo
2795	"Highlights: - Two metro stations nearby: Solferino (Line 12) and Musée d’orsay(RER C) - Elevator - Flatscreen TV with International TV channels - Internet WIFI Access - Master bedroom with a King size bed and wardrobe - Kitchen Equipments: Microwave, fridge, plates, glasses, cutlery, cleaning products, coffee machine... - Iron and ironing table - Hairdryer provided - Washing machine - Individual heating system  - Sofa in the living room converts into a comfortable sofa bed for 2 - Guaranteed clean and fresh linens  - Guaranteed hotel grade cleaning services Fully renovated and refurbished in June 2013, this charming 40 m² flat is located in the heart of a safe neighbourhood, 7th arrondissement, in central Paris to be precise. A vibrant area populated with good restaurants (Deux Magots, Cafe de Flore, etc…), shops and brasseries open 7 days a week. Whilst at the foot of the apartment’s building,  you will find one of the best parisian bakery called ""Gosselin"" where you can pamper yourse"	Fully renovated and refurbished in June 2013, this charming 45 m² flat is located in the heart of a safe neighborhood, 7th arrondissement, in central Paris.  Perfect for small Family ! The metro is at 1 min by walk !!!       Highlights: - Two metro stations nearby: Solferino (Line 12) and Musée d’orsay(RER C) - Elevator - Flatscreen TV with International TV channels - Internet WIFI Access - Master bedroom with a King size bed and wardrobe - Kitchen Equipments: Microwave, fridge, plates, glasses, cutlery, cleaning products, coffee machine... - Iron and ironing table - Hairdryer provided - Washing machine - Individual heating system  - Sofa in the living room converts into a comfortable sofa bed for 2 - Guaranteed clean and fresh linens  - Guaranteed hotel grade cleaning services Fully renovated and refurbished in June 2013, this charming 40 m² flat is located in the heart of a safe neighbourhood, 7th arrondissement, in central Paris to be precise. A vibrant area populated with good rest
2796	**I have just decided to list this apartment as I am leaving on a trip — don't miss the chance to book it before everyone else** __ Stay at this beautiful, quiet and clean apartment in the heart of the left bank of Paris. Central to literally everything, you can walk, bike, or take the subway to the best groceries store, shopping area, or restaurants. (I can share my list of top picks!)  ___  Apartment is available for long stay in priority from Sep-1 to Jan-1.  The apartment has couple of requests, I would really appreciate if you could provide some info about you and your stay if you have no review. In any cases I'd be happy to talk with you :) You can  also take time to read the reviews from the previous guests. ___  What a day looks like in the 6th and 7th. Wake up and go to one of our 3 favorite bakeries, with fresh croissants and local pastries. Buy the local newspaper and read on the Breteuil Avenue (see picture). Enjoy great brunch places if you prefer! Sevres-Babylone and St G	Stay at this beautiful, quiet and clean apartment in the heart of the left bank of Paris. Central to literally everything, you can walk, bike or take the subway to the best groceries store, shopping area or restaurants (I share my list of spots!) **I have just decided to list this apartment as I am leaving on a trip — don't miss the chance to book it before everyone else** __ Stay at this beautiful, quiet and clean apartment in the heart of the left bank of Paris. Central to literally everything, you can walk, bike, or take the subway to the best groceries store, shopping area, or restaurants. (I can share my list of top picks!)  ___  Apartment is available for long stay in priority from Sep-1 to Jan-1.  The apartment has couple of requests, I would really appreciate if you could provide some info about you and your stay if you have no review. In any cases I'd be happy to talk with you :) You can  also take time to read the reviews from the previous guests. ___  What a day looks like i
2797		Appartement tout équipé avec vue sur la tour Eiffel  Au 4e sans ascenseur, il peut héberger 4 à 6 personnes. Situé dans un quartier calme à quelques pas d'une rue piétonne commerçante et à 5 minutes (à pied) du champs de mars. Proximité métro et RER En plein milieu de paris juste à coté du metro
2798	Tres calme et lumineux, mon appartement est situe dans un quartier central et tres agreable	L'appartement est  lumineux et calme avec une chambre sur un jardin. La chambre a un lit double et une cheminée. L'appartement dans le 7eme, est pres des commerces, cafes , restaurants et musées. C'est un endroit de repos ideal apres les visites Tres calme et lumineux, mon appartement est situe dans un quartier central et tres agreable Les voyageurs n'auront pas acces à ma chambre Je serai ravie de répondre à vos questions et vous donner des conseils de visites, expositions, restaurants, endroits de charme ... Mon quartier est tres central, animé avec des commerce et boutiques . Il y a des restaurants tres sympa : italiens, français, japonais, chinois et quelques tres belles terrasses de café. Metro : rue du bac à 2mn à pied Bus : (phone number hidden) à 2 mn à pied
2799	Recently Renovated Studio- Luxurious, Comfortable, and so Centrally Located  cable TV, fridge, oven, dishwasher, microwave oven, washer/dryer, luxurious bedding with a queen size bed, Nespresso machine. The studio is located on the 3rd floor, located on the bank of the River Seine (Quai d'Orsay). only few steps from the countless landmarks, monuments, museums, markets, shops and restaurants. Stay in the heart of Paris Left Bank, with the best access to everything you love and enjoy. Within walking distances, you can visit the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, the Grand Palais or Hôtel des Invalides, Tulleries Garden, Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Musée Rodin, Musée du Quai Branly, or Champs Élysées, etc. Or walk over and enjoy a café au lait on rue Cler on a sunny morning. Or check out the many open markets in the area and collect the fresh and tastiest ingredients for a home cook meal. Or even a picnic on the green grass of Champs de Mars gardens, where the Eiffel Tower serves as the perfect	Recently Renovated Studio- Luxurious, Comfortable, and so Centrally Located  cable TV, fridge, oven, dishwasher, microwave oven, washer/dryer, luxurious bedding with a queen size bed, Nespresso machine. The studio is located on the 3rd floor, located on the bank of the River Seine (Quai d'Orsay). only few steps from the countless landmarks, monuments, museums, markets, shops and restaurants. Stay in the heart of Paris Left Bank, with the best access to everything you love and enjoy. Within walking distances, you can visit the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, the Grand Palais or Hôtel des Invalides, Tulleries Garden, Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Musée Rodin, Musée du Quai Branly, or Champs Élysées, etc. Or walk over and enjoy a café au lait on rue Cler on a sunny morning. Or check out the many open markets in the area and collect the fresh and tastiest ingredients for a home cook meal. Or even a picnic on the green grass of Champs de Mars gardens, where the Eiffel Tower serves as the perfect
2800	For a stay of exception take advantage of a brilliant view on the Eiffel Tower. In a prestigious building on banks of the Seine at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, Florence proposes you in its apartment an independent suite consisted of magnificent small bedroom and Lounge dining room decorated by artist and a private bathroom. Absolute charm. Travelers can of his chamber or its lounge benefit from an exceptional view on the Eiffel Tower. The Champs Elysées and the avenue Montaigne are in 10 minutes on foot. The new Quai Branly Museum in 2 minutes. With the bus 42 or 63 Madeleine and Garnier Opera and St Germain of near are in 20 minutes of the house. Numerous quality restaurants are accessible(approachable) in a few minutes. PROMOTION(CLASS) SPECIAL OFFER SUMMER MONTH For this period I shall be in the South of France it will be thus difficult to me to make the welcome(reception). Then a friend of me will assure during this period the arrival and the breakfast.	For a stay of exception take advantage of a brilliant view on the Eiffel Tower. In a prestigious building on banks of the Seine at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, Florence proposes you in its apartment an independent suite consisted of magnificent small bedroom and Lounge dining room decorated by artist and a private bathroom. Absolute charm. Travelers can of his chamber or its lounge benefit from an exceptional view on the Eiffel Tower. The Champs Elysées and the avenue Montaigne are in 10 minutes on foot. The new Quai Branly Museum in 2 minutes. With the bus 42 or 63 Madeleine and Garnier Opera and St Germain of near are in 20 minutes of the house. Numerous quality restaurants are accessible(approachable) in a few minutes. PROMOTION(CLASS) SPECIAL OFFER SUMMER MONTH For this period I shall be in the South of France it will be thus difficult to me to make the welcome(reception). Then a friend of me will assure during this period the arrival and the breakfast.
2801	L'atmosfera tipicamente deco' per uno studio   Con vista mozzafiato sulla torre più bella del mondo Gli ospiti si rilasseranno passando  da un avvolgente corridoio dal bagno alla cucina  Verranno coccolati da mr.A per qualsiasi esigenza Quartiere di classe e molto silenzioso a cinque minuti da GeogeV e dai campi elisi  Mezzi pubblici adiacenti e fermata del taxi a soli tre minuti a piedi La magnifica vista delle tre finestre sulla tour EIFFEL e' impagabile  Gli ospiti si rilasseranno passando  da un avvolgente corridoio dal bagno alla cucina  Verranno coccolati da mr.A per qualsiasi esigenza Quartiere di classe e molto silenzioso a cinque minuti da GeogeV e dai campi elisi  Mezzi pubblici adiacenti e fermata del taxi a soli tre minuti a piedi La magnifica vista delle tre finestre sulla tour EIFFEL e' impagabile  Gli ospiti si rilasseranno passando  da un avvolgente corridoio dal bagno alla cucina  Verranno coccolati da mr.A per qualsiasi esigenza Quartiere di classe e molto silenzioso 	L'atmosfera tipicamente deco' per uno studio   Con vista mozzafiato sulla torre più bella del mondo Gli ospiti si rilasseranno passando  da un avvolgente corridoio dal bagno alla cucina  Verranno coccolati da mr.A per qualsiasi esigenza Quartiere di classe e molto silenzioso a cinque minuti da GeogeV e dai campi elisi  Mezzi pubblici adiacenti e fermata del taxi a soli tre minuti a piedi La magnifica vista delle tre finestre sulla tour EIFFEL e' impagabile  Gli ospiti si rilasseranno passando  da un avvolgente corridoio dal bagno alla cucina  Verranno coccolati da mr.A per qualsiasi esigenza Quartiere di classe e molto silenzioso a cinque minuti da GeogeV e dai campi elisi  Mezzi pubblici adiacenti e fermata del taxi a soli tre minuti a piedi La magnifica vista delle tre finestre sulla tour EIFFEL e' impagabile  Gli ospiti si rilasseranno passando  da un avvolgente corridoio dal bagno alla cucina  Verranno coccolati da mr.A per qualsiasi esigenza Quartiere di classe e molto silenzioso 
2802	Modern building of the fifties of a good standing. The apartment is on the 8th floor with elevator. This apartment is exceptional because of its view. Indeed from the small terrace of 11 m2, with full south exposition, you will have a view onto the Paris rooftops with the Eiffel Tower looking down on you on your right-hand side! At night with a glass of wine, the spectacle of the Eiffel tower sparkling will leave you with unforgettable memories.	Paris apartment to rent short term located in the heart of the 7th district two steps away from the Eiffel Tower, opposite the museum of Quai Branly. The location is ideal to benefit fully from the quietness of this residential district, while being  Modern building of the fifties of a good standing. The apartment is on the 8th floor with elevator. This apartment is exceptional because of its view. Indeed from the small terrace of 11 m2, with full south exposition, you will have a view onto the Paris rooftops with the Eiffel Tower looking down on you on your right-hand side! At night with a glass of wine, the spectacle of the Eiffel tower sparkling will leave you with unforgettable memories. Paris studio of 30 m2, recently renovated, composed of a main room with a sleeping space (double bed 140*200), a settee, a coffee table and a table allowing 4 people to dine. The kitchen, fully equipped, is open on the living room. The bathroom has a very nice shower. The apartment is connected to 
2803	You will have the studio to yourself. I will coordinate the key pickup with you. The place has one bed. It can sleep one person. I will also provide you with a guest bed which is a comfortable a guest mattress. Sheets and Towels will also be provided by me.  There is a equipped kitchenette in the room as well as an oven and a microwave. So feel free to prepare your own food.  The studio is located in a nice old Parisian house.  There is also a shower in the studio. The bathroom is in the corridor.	I am renting out my 15m² studio at Ecole Militaire. It is directly located next Champ-de-Mars, the park of the Eifel Tower which you can reach in 5 minutes. The place is small so don't expect anything fancy but it equipped with everything you need. You will have the studio to yourself. I will coordinate the key pickup with you. The place has one bed. It can sleep one person. I will also provide you with a guest bed which is a comfortable a guest mattress. Sheets and Towels will also be provided by me.  There is a equipped kitchenette in the room as well as an oven and a microwave. So feel free to prepare your own food.  The studio is located in a nice old Parisian house.  There is also a shower in the studio. The bathroom is in the corridor. You will have access to everything as I do. So you can make yourself feel at home. You will be able to contact me even though I will not be at the place itself. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet with many green spots, the famous Eiffel Tower 
2804	Brightly new renovated studio equipped for 4 sleeps The mezzanine bed is a very comfortable double bed. It stays on ceiling position during the day to give you a large living space. Easy to pull down at night for sleeping time. Pull out bed for an second double bed at night. Sweet new shower room and large kitchen full equipped for cooking.	New!! Totaly new renovated and furbished studio. Write the first review!! 4 sleeps, great central lively area with absolutly all facilities around: shops, groceries, restaurants Very comfortable property, stylished renovation 1st floor position Brightly new renovated studio equipped for 4 sleeps The mezzanine bed is a very comfortable double bed. It stays on ceiling position during the day to give you a large living space. Easy to pull down at night for sleeping time. Pull out bed for an second double bed at night. Sweet new shower room and large kitchen full equipped for cooking. Entire apartment for rent Great central location between Invalides and Eiffel Tower Lively, safe, familial area with simply all facilities around: shops, supermarkets, restautants, large terraces The famous pedestrian market street the rue Cler is just around the corner and offers a lively parisian atmosphere. Walking distance to Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, the river, Saint Germain des Prés... Direct conect
2805	Delightful, well designed and well located small flat in the Rue St. Dominique, 7th arrondissement, Paris, between Eiffel Tower and Les Invalides. 34 square metres. One bedroom, with convertible day bed for salon. Good writer's desk, second desk, fibre optic broadband, TV, washer/dryer, dishwasher. Well equipped kitchen.  Well furnished bookcases.  Daily cleaner if required. On very quiet courtyard, 1st floor. Good restaurants and shops nearby. Excellent for St. Germain, Champ de Mars, Trocadéro, Grand Palais.  Nearest Metro: Invalides and La Tour-Maubourg. Rentable by day, week or month.  €160 a night, per week €1000,  per month €3000 (plus €1000 deposit) •Rates include cleaning and bed linen laundering after departure. •The flat will be clean and the bed made prior to arrival. •Should any cleaning services be required during your stay, this can be arranged at €10 per hour. The cleaner will be paid directly. More information on request.	Delightful, well designed and well located small flat in the Rue St. Dominique, 7th arrondissement, Paris, between Eiffel Tower and Les Invalides. 34 square metres. One bedroom, with convertible day bed for salon. Good writer's desk, second desk, fibre optic broadband, TV, washer/dryer, dishwasher. Well equipped kitchen.  Well furnished bookcases.  Daily cleaner if required. On very quiet courtyard, 1st floor. Good restaurants and shops nearby. Excellent for St. Germain, Champ de Mars, Trocadéro, Grand Palais.  Nearest Metro: Invalides and La Tour-Maubourg. Rentable by day, week or month.  €160 a night, per week €1000,  per month €3000 (plus €1000 deposit) •Rates include cleaning and bed linen laundering after departure. •The flat will be clean and the bed made prior to arrival. •Should any cleaning services be required during your stay, this can be arranged at €10 per hour. The cleaner will be paid directly. More information on request.
2806	Two step from the the Champs de mars (park) and Alma Marceau. You are close to the Champs de Mars and the Champs Elysees . His panoramic view at the 8 th floor on the roofs of Paris offers a startling perspective on the Eiffel Tower (less than 500m ) . On a comfort level, the flat was fully renovated, including 2 air conditioners, dishwasher, washing machine, and also equipped with sheets, covers(blankets), pillows, hand towels, complete utensils of cooking ,2 TV & wifi ..	Two step from the the Champs de mars (park) and Alma Marceau. You are close to the Champs de Mars and the Champs Elysees . His panoramic view at the 8 th floor on the roofs of Paris offers a startling perspective on the Eiffel Tower (less than 500m ) . On a comfort level, the flat was fully renovated, including 2 air conditioners, dishwasher, washing machine, and also equipped with sheets, covers(blankets), pillows, hand towels, complete utensils of cooking ,2 TV & wifi ..
2807		Appartement de 27 m2 , cosy et design refait a neuf dans immeuble sécurisé au 3 ème étage avec ascenseur. Situé au coeur du 7 ème arrondissement de Paris ,proche des quais de Seine, entre les Invalides et la Tour Eiffel. Appartement lumineux donnant sur une cour intérieure arborée et fleurie. Shopping, restaurants, endroits branchés à proximité, proche des stations de métro Invalides et Tours Maubourg. Lieu d'exception ou le calme de l'appartement contraste avec la vie parisienne.
2808		Studio équipé et rénové, sur cour arborée, dans le 7ième arrondissement entre les Invalides et Saint-Germain des Prés. Immeuble sécurisé
2809	The apartment is in a beautiful Parisian building.  - It has one bedroom with a real double bed. - A bathroom with shower.  - Kitchen with everything you need for cooking. - Cosy living room with a beautiful fireplace and a sofa that can be a bed for a single person or a child. -No washing machine but there is a laundromat below the building.	Beautiful little apartment located in the heart of the city, minutes away from major touristic sites (Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Grand Palais, Champs-ELysées). It is also a very nice area for shopping and restaurants.
2810	Luxuriously decorated interiors & a delightful private garden exclusively reserved for this apartment.	Centrally located, this elegant flat is right in the heart of prestigious Saint-Germain des Prés , one of the most desirable areas of Paris. It features luxurious interiors & a delightful private garden. The perfect Parisian retreat!                Luxuriously decorated interiors & a delightful private garden exclusively reserved for this apartment. Guests will have exclusive access to the beautiful private garden. This Saint-Germain apartment is situated just a stone's throw from the Latin Quarter, the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay. And only a little further are the Eiffel Tower and Notre Dame. There is plenty of options for public transportation nearby such as the subway, bus and taxi station. 
2811	25 m2	"Quiet and cosy place at central of Paris and very close to metro station Vaneau, 5mn by walk to the famous department store ""Le Bon Marché"" and rue de Rennes for some afternoon shopping, 25 m2 lovely studio well equiped with kitchen, bathroom, Interaction with guest just to give the key very queit and safe area, heart of Paris and near the metro, easy access to everywhere, metro station Vaneau near by or Sevre, Please make sure to bring your tawels,"
2812	There are in total 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms (each has a bathtub) in this gorgeous apartment which can comfortably sleep up to 6 persons. Bedrooms informations: the first one with a double bed (king size) and a bathroom with toilet, 2nd one with 2 single beds and the 3th one with two single beds.  All bedding and towels are top quality. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven, a ceramic plate, you can find everything you need to cook your favorite dishes. This is an exquisite and rare property in one of the most desirable areas of the city and is the perfect back drop for a luxurious holiday/business trip in Paris.	Amazing apartment with a location right in the Eiffel Tower area. Fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to the Eiffel Luxury & Design Apartment in Paris. There are in total 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms (each has a bathtub) in this gorgeous apartment which can comfortably sleep up to 6 persons. Bedrooms informations: the first one with a double bed (king size) and a bathroom with toilet, 2nd one with 2 single beds and the 3th one with two single beds.  All bedding and towels are top quality. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven, a ceramic plate, you can find everything you need to cook your favorite dishes. This is an exquisite and rare property in one of the most desirable areas of the city and is the perfect back drop for a luxurious holiday/business trip in Paris. Absolutly everything is furnished with the Eiffel Peak Apartment, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Par
2813	Apartment is located in an ancient building on the 4th floor, NO LIFT . This is a very functional 25sqm apartment.  It has a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, coffee maker, fridge, washing machine; a small shower room; a comfortable bed for two persons; WiFi internet, bed linen and towels are provided, coffee and tea are offered, etc.. This apartment is not recommended for children and the elderly.	"Bonjour! If you want to spend a pleasant stay a 5-minute walk from the park Champ-de-Mars, where the famous Eiffel Tower is waiting for you, this apartment is for you! It is a quiet and peaceful location in the heart of Paris! Apartment is located in an ancient building on the 4th floor, NO LIFT . This is a very functional 25sqm apartment.  It has a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, coffee maker, fridge, washing machine; a small shower room; a comfortable bed for two persons; WiFi internet, bed linen and towels are provided, coffee and tea are offered, etc.. This apartment is not recommended for children and the elderly. Located in the same district of the Eiffel Tower. 5 minute walk from the Champ de Mars. 3 minute walk from the Metro station ""Ecole Militaire"". 1 minute from rue Cler: pedestrian shopping street with restaurants and shops. 1 minute walk to bus stops. 10 minutes by bus, 5 minutes by metro and 20 minutes by foot from the Champs-Elysées, Concorde, Musée du Louvre, Ga"
2814	luxurious renovation	This 100 square meters , 2 Bedrooms apartment located on quai d Orsay in the 7th arrondissement, on the 6 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, AC luxurious renovation walking distance from eiffel tower and many museums very close from metro and RER
2815	Very next to the Eiffel Tower, you will enjoy the banks of the Seine and the neighborhood atmosphere: Saint-Dominique street and its shops, Cler street and its restaurants and bars, the Champ de Mars to go jog, etc.	Charming apartment on 7th floor in a beautiful Hassmann building, 45m², two-minutes from the Eiffel Tower! View on the rooftops (not on the side of the tower). Two double-bedrooms, one living-room with kitchen, one bathroom. Wi-Fi and TV included. Very next to the Eiffel Tower, you will enjoy the banks of the Seine and the neighborhood atmosphere: Saint-Dominique street and its shops, Cler street and its restaurants and bars, the Champ de Mars to go jog, etc. The full apartment with two double-bedrooms, the living-room, the bathroom with its washing machine. We unfortunately will not be there... Three-minute walk from the metro station Ecole Militaire or ten-minute walk from the RER C station Pont de l'Alma.
2816	Ce grand studio en plein coeur de Saint Germain des Près à la limite des 6e et 7e arrondissement bénéficie d'une superficie de 32m2, d'un grand lit double, d'une kitchenette, de grands placards de rangements et d'une salle de bain indépendante avec douche et toilettes. Il est au 6e étage avec ascenseur, idéale en cas de bagages lourds. Deux grandes fenêtres donnent sur le jardin et le magasin du Bon Marché. Vous serez séduit par sa grande simplicité, son état impeccable, et sa situation stratégique à quelques mètres du métro Sèvres Babylone,  (lignes 12,10) et des bus (phone number hidden), et 87. Les draps et serviettes sont inclus. 	Ce grand studio en plein coeur de Saint Germain des Près à la limite des 6e et 7e arrondissement bénéficie d'une superficie de 32m2, d'un grand lit double, d'une kitchenette, de grands placards de rangements et d'une salle de bain indépendante avec douche et toilettes. Il est au 6e étage avec ascenseur, idéale en cas de bagages lourds. Deux grandes fenêtres donnent sur le jardin et le magasin du Bon Marché. Vous serez séduit par sa grande simplicité, son état impeccable, et sa situation stratégique à quelques mètres du métro Sèvres Babylone,  (lignes 12,10) et des bus (phone number hidden), et 87. Les draps et serviettes sont inclus.  L'appartement bénéficie d'un accès au wifi et d'une notice avec les bonnes adresses du quartier que je serais ravie de vous indiquer. Je répondrai à chaque voyageur dans les heures qui suivent leur demande et serai présente pour leur confier les clés et leur faire visiter l'appartement. Le quartier de Sèvres Babylone est très animé. En plus du grand magas
2817		In the neighborhood, you'll find the champs de mars/ Eiffel tower of course, but also the old invalides hospital with its wonderfull architecture. That is about touristic points, but you can also enjoy one of the nice brasserie around 
2818	What makes my place unique could be his location. and the silence, it's quiet because you sleep in front of an inside court, so you are not disturbing by the noise coming from the street.	Une chambre privée sur une cour intérieure pour rester au calme. Un quartier vivant, plein de bistrots en tout genre. Un quartier dans lequel il faut se promener pour admirer la beauté de Paris.  What makes my place unique could be his location. and the silence, it's quiet because you sleep in front of an inside court, so you are not disturbing by the noise coming from the street. Guess have access to everything in the flat I like to talk with my guests but I never know if we will find the time to talk a lot. It depends of work and of their plans.  Around the place you can find so many different restaurant at different prices, but a lot for a good price, really good price and good food.  You also can walk a lot and it is all so much beautiful. You can do tourist only walking around.  It is really easy to get the place : métro, lots of bus and RER. So easy... tell me where you come from and I will tell you what is the best way to arrive.  Merci de faire attention lors de vote réservatio
2819	Custummer's comments : -This will definitely be my first choice for next time I am in Paris. The apartment is small but cosy and has everything you could want. The location is ideal, walking distance to many of the major attractions and museums and the metro is very close for getting to all the rest. The neighbourhood is lovely and has great grocery stores, food shops and restaurants on your doorstep. Patrice was extremely helpful. As a woman on my own I felt totally safe and secure.  -Thank you Patrice for a wonderful stay in Paris. The apartment is perfectly located for all the main attractions while being in a quieter street away from the hustle and bustle of the city. There is a lovely patisserie across the road and a small supermarket and pharmacie on the same street. The apartment has everything you need and is very comfortable. It's on the 4th floor which gives you lovely rooftop views of the Eiffel Tower, and there is a small (cute!) lift. We loved our stay and would definitely	This tastefully decorated and very well situated 24 square meters , Studio, apartment is located rue de Bourgogne in Paris 7th on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 2 people. nice view. Custummer's comments : -This will definitely be my first choice for next time I am in Paris. The apartment is small but cosy and has everything you could want. The location is ideal, walking distance to many of the major attractions and museums and the metro is very close for getting to all the rest. The neighbourhood is lovely and has great grocery stores, food shops and restaurants on your doorstep. Patrice was extremely helpful. As a woman on my own I felt totally safe and secure.  -Thank you Patrice for a wonderful stay in Paris. The apartment is perfectly located for all the main attractions while being in a quieter street away from the hustle and bustle of the city. There is a lovely patisserie across the road and a small supermarket and pharmacie on the same street. Th
2820	There is a bathroom with a WC and a shower plus a fully equipped kitchenette. I also provide the linens and the towels. It is very confortable and very quiet studio! Minimum stay 3 days. 	One of the most safest quartiers in Paris. Charming studio is ideal for 1 person. The location is amazing near Eiffel Tower (3 minutes walk), a large public green space in Paris and Rue Cler (restaurant, shops, brasseries, épicerie fine). There is a bathroom with a WC and a shower plus a fully equipped kitchenette. I also provide the linens and the towels. It is very confortable and very quiet studio! Minimum stay 3 days. Full Studio I would be glad to answer your questions about Paris and tell you the best things to do in the city! Very quiet and respectful neighbourhood The nearest Métro stations are La Motte-Picquet–Grenelle, Alma Marceau and École Militaire. Champ de Mars-Tour Eiffel, an RER suburban-commuter-railway station, is also nearby. For me, it is the best area of Paris! Safe, beautiful and spacious quartier Around, you have Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, quai de Seine, 15 minutes walk Champs Elysées. Beautiful architecture, amazing restaurants and bars.
2821		This 30m2 studio has been designed by an architect and will be perfect for a couple visiting Paris or a single person. The large balcony will be perfect for your breakfasts.  
2822	This charming apartment is situated on the first floor of an elegant building with an elevator. It has recently been renovated, is quiet and brightly lit.  There is a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower from the side of the building. In the entrance, there is a hall with space to hang jackets and bags, and a small toilet.  Off the hall there is a bedroom with a king-size bed, desk, lamps and a large wardrobe. In the living room, which can be turned into another bedroom, there is a sofa, coffee table, chest of drawers, plasma TV with cable, and a sofa that turns into two single beds. The kitchen is fully equipped with general utensils, a nespresso coffee machine, washing machine and dryer. The comfortable bathroom has a shower stall, two sinks, towel dryer and toilet. This cosy apartment is perfect for a family with children or a couple who want to enjoy the best that the city has to offer.  A portable crib is available. 	The apartment is located on a private street between the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. It was recently renovated, is quiet and well lit. This charming apartment is situated on the first floor of an elegant building with an elevator. It has recently been renovated, is quiet and brightly lit.  There is a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower from the side of the building. In the entrance, there is a hall with space to hang jackets and bags, and a small toilet.  Off the hall there is a bedroom with a king-size bed, desk, lamps and a large wardrobe. In the living room, which can be turned into another bedroom, there is a sofa, coffee table, chest of drawers, plasma TV with cable, and a sofa that turns into two single beds. The kitchen is fully equipped with general utensils, a nespresso coffee machine, washing machine and dryer. The comfortable bathroom has a shower stall, two sinks, towel dryer and toilet. This cosy apartment is perfect for a family with children or a couple who want to enjoy 
2823	L'appartement peut recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Nous disposons de 2 couchages de 2 places : le lit armoire présent dans la chambre avec un matelas pour 2 personnes (vrai lit) et le canapé dans le salon avec un matelas pour 2 personnes également (vrai lit avec sommier)  L'appartement est tout équipé, avec four, micro ondes, plaques à induction, vaisselle, poêles et casseroles, frigidaire, machine à café Nespresso, grille pain, machine à laver, linge de maison (serviettes, draps...) Il vient d'être rénové et équipé, ainsi tout est neuf.  Dans le salon, la table basse peut être relevée et ainsi servir de table pour y manger. The apartment can receive 1 to 4 people max. We dispose of two beds (which are real beds) : one in the room and one in the living room  The apartment is equipped with everything you need : oven, microwave, induction cooktop, dishes, pans, refrigerator, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, washing machine, towels, sheets... It just have been renovated and equipped so ev	Deux pièces très lumineux 30 m2 tout juste rénové et en plein cœur de Paris à quelques minutes de Montparnasse et du Bon Marché, dans une rue calme d'un quartier très animé. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (Description in English) L'appartement peut recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Nous disposons de 2 couchages de 2 places : le lit armoire présent dans la chambre avec un matelas pour 2 personnes (vrai lit) et le canapé dans le salon avec un matelas pour 2 personnes également (vrai lit avec sommier)  L'appartement est tout équipé, avec four, micro ondes, plaques à induction, vaisselle, poêles et casseroles, frigidaire, machine à café Nespresso, grille pain, machine à laver, linge de maison (serviettes, draps...) Il vient d'être rénové et équipé, ainsi tout est neuf.  Dans le salon, la table basse peut être relevée et ainsi servir de table pour y manger. The apartment can receive 1 to 4 people max. We dispose of two beds (which are real beds) : one in the room and one in the living room
2824	le calme dans Paris dans un des plus beaux quartiers avec la Seine à moins de 2 mn, regardez le plan et vous comprendrez ...Si vous etes courageux vous pouvez aller partout à pieds . Les meubles sont anciens mais il ya deux salles de bains et deux toilettes . c'est parfait pour 5 personnes , un sixième peut aussi dormir exceptionnelement.	C'est mon appartement que j'aime parce qu'il est pour moi parfait. Je vais à pieds au cinema au musée, me balader le long de la Seine.   Pour 5 il est spacieux chacun sa chambre et 2 salles de bain . le calme dans Paris dans un des plus beaux quartiers avec la Seine à moins de 2 mn, regardez le plan et vous comprendrez ...Si vous etes courageux vous pouvez aller partout à pieds . Les meubles sont anciens mais il ya deux salles de bains et deux toilettes . c'est parfait pour 5 personnes , un sixième peut aussi dormir exceptionnelement. Vous pouvez occupez tout l'appartement.
2825	Charming 2 rooms appartment in St Germain-des-Prés, ideally located between the Louvre Museum (2 min walk crossing the Seine) and St Germain boulevard, next to many means of transport and vélib stations. On the 4th floor of a classic haussmannian building (no lift), 32 m2, main living-room includes a kitchen, double bedroom and shower room. Equipment: free internet access, TV, microwave, blender, electric kettle, hot plates, washing machine, heating, hairdrier. It is a perfect alternative to expensive hotels of the neighboroud. We are very flexible regarding check-in and ckeck-out and happy to provide you with any advice you would need. Linen and towels provided. Paris guide books at your disposal.	Charming 2 rooms appartement,great location in St Germain des Prés, next to Café de Flore, Louvre Museum, Seine river, shops and restaurants. Refit in 2010, calm, light and cosy, perfectly equipped. Love-nest for couple willing to discover Paris;-)! Charming 2 rooms appartment in St Germain-des-Prés, ideally located between the Louvre Museum (2 min walk crossing the Seine) and St Germain boulevard, next to many means of transport and vélib stations. On the 4th floor of a classic haussmannian building (no lift), 32 m2, main living-room includes a kitchen, double bedroom and shower room. Equipment: free internet access, TV, microwave, blender, electric kettle, hot plates, washing machine, heating, hairdrier. It is a perfect alternative to expensive hotels of the neighboroud. We are very flexible regarding check-in and ckeck-out and happy to provide you with any advice you would need. Linen and towels provided. Paris guide books at your disposal. Guest can access the whole appartment exce
2826	The apartment has two bedrooms. Bedroom 1 has a queen size bed, bedroom 2 has a double size bed. One full bathroom with toilet. There is a family room with television, DVD player, hi-speed Internet access and dining table for 4 people. The kitchen has all mod cons. The tasteful and charming decor is relaxing and inviting with a mix of contemporary and antique furniture. The location is superb for exploring Paris, shopping and fine dining.  OVERVIEW : ** Location : Right on the champs de Mars and 2 blocks from the Eiffel Tower. ** Ambiance : Large Rooms, very calm ** 1st Bedroom : 1 Queen Size Bed ** 2nd Bedroom :  Double Bed ** 1 Living Room : Sofas ** Kitchen with dining table. ** Sleeps : up to 4 people. ** Wonderful Sunny balcony direct on the Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower !!! ** Towels and Bedsheets provided ** Free Wifi Internet Connection 	The apartment has two bedrooms. Bedroom 1 has a queen size bed, bedroom 2 has a double size bed. One full bathroom with toilet. There is a family room with television, DVD player, hi-speed Internet access and dining table for 4 people. The kitchen has all mod cons. The tasteful and charming decor is relaxing and inviting with a mix of contemporary and antique furniture. The location is superb for exploring Paris, shopping and fine dining.  OVERVIEW : ** Location : Right on the champs de Mars and 2 blocks from the Eiffel Tower. ** Ambiance : Large Rooms, very calm ** 1st Bedroom : 1 Queen Size Bed ** 2nd Bedroom :  Double Bed ** 1 Living Room : Sofas ** Kitchen with dining table. ** Sleeps : up to 4 people. ** Wonderful Sunny balcony direct on the Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower !!! ** Towels and Bedsheets provided ** Free Wifi Internet Connection 
2827	Welcome in the heart of Paris,  A wonderful apartment located not far from the Eiffel Tower-Champs de Mars and Ecole Millitaire.  Perfect mix between the luxury of a hotel and the surface and the confort of an apartment. In the very heart of the trendy and historical district of La Tour Maubourg and the rue des Cler in the 7th district of Paris.  There are 3 big rooms and a total surface of 60 m2. You will feel like being at your own place in this clean and well decorated Parisian flat.  When you come inside this apartment you arrive in the living room with a little corner with a Tv. You can count 2 totally independent bedrooms with wide and comfortable beds which can welcome 5 travellers.  We provide white household linens of good quality and ironed. But also towels, toilet tissue. Each bedroom has enough space to store things during your stay which will be at your disposal. You will have access to the bathroom with an Italian shower, a bathroom sink and toilet.  From one of the bedro	Really pretty apartment in the best district of Paris, not far from the Eiffel Tower and near the rue Cler, the Invalides, the Champs de Mars and the Military School. Welcome in the heart of Paris,  A wonderful apartment located not far from the Eiffel Tower-Champs de Mars and Ecole Millitaire.  Perfect mix between the luxury of a hotel and the surface and the confort of an apartment. In the very heart of the trendy and historical district of La Tour Maubourg and the rue des Cler in the 7th district of Paris.  There are 3 big rooms and a total surface of 60 m2. You will feel like being at your own place in this clean and well decorated Parisian flat.  When you come inside this apartment you arrive in the living room with a little corner with a Tv. You can count 2 totally independent bedrooms with wide and comfortable beds which can welcome 5 travellers.  We provide white household linens of good quality and ironed. But also towels, toilet tissue. Each bedroom has enough space to store 
2828	La pièce principale comprend une banquette-lit (couchage pour 2 personnes), des rangements et un coin cuisine (vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine, lave-linge séchant, frigo ...). La chambre est petite (1 lit pour 2 personnes, rangements, aspirateur et linge de maison). La salle d'eau comprend une douche, un petit lavabo et un WC. Chaque pièce dispose d'une petite fenêtre.	Petit T2 de 20 m2 sous les toits au 5ème étage sans ascenseur sur cour. Calme, meublé et équipé. Immeuble ancien et sécurisé, face à l'Assemblée Nationale, à 5 min à pied de la Place de la Concorde et de l'avenue des Champs Elysées. La pièce principale comprend une banquette-lit (couchage pour 2 personnes), des rangements et un coin cuisine (vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine, lave-linge séchant, frigo ...). La chambre est petite (1 lit pour 2 personnes, rangements, aspirateur et linge de maison). La salle d'eau comprend une douche, un petit lavabo et un WC. Chaque pièce dispose d'une petite fenêtre. Le logement est entièrement accessible Je me tiens à votre disposition durant votre séjour pour tout renseignement. Idéalement situé, au cœur du 7ème arrondissement de Paris, la Rive Gauche s’offre à vous !!! Les quais de la Seine et ses berges (conviviales pour admirer certains des plus beaux monuments de Paris !), les Invalides (ses jardins et son Esplanade), le Musée d’Orsay, les célèbres
2829	Typical flat of this area of Paris with terracotta tiles and wooden beam ceilings. Nicely decorated. Very well positioned, very quiet but very close from vibrant areas in Saint Germain with very nice bars and restaurants.	Nice 2 rooms flat in Saint Germain des Prés between tubes Saint Germain des Prés and Rue du Bac. Very well positionned, very quiet but very close from vibrant areas in Saint Germain with very nice bars and restaurants (I can give you advice on nice p Typical flat of this area of Paris with terracotta tiles and wooden beam ceilings. Nicely decorated. Very well positioned, very quiet but very close from vibrant areas in Saint Germain with very nice bars and restaurants. The flat has a main room (with a sofa bed, a dining table and an open kitchen), a bedroom with a double bed and a bath room with a bathtub. It is very quiet (double glazing) and very bright as it is situated at the top floor (third floor). It is fully equipped with a washing machine and a dishwasher I can provide you with advice on nice bars and restaurants, and on nice places to visit in Paris Very nice area with many lovely bars and restaurants. The flat is very close from supermarkets if you need to buy some food. It i
2830	By entering you will arrive in a corridor of a few meters of which depends on the living room and the bathroom. The show presents nine convertible sofa (2 persons), a service in order to work with your computer. The kitchenette is in a reduced opening by sliding doors, you'll find, the elements of bases as well as a washing machine. A window allows this area to benefit from the light of day all day. The minimalist décor, paintings, vases, furniture and lamps allow you to feel at home with your belongings. The bathroom has a shower, a bathroom with a washbasin, a dry towel and amenities. The room is accessible from the living room, a door separates two spaces. King-size double bed (180 x 200) chest of drawers and storage space are at your disposal. The window allows you to enjoy the greenery in all seasons, it is frequent to see doves. The first room and the bedroom are equipped with radiators autonomous standing. The sofa bed in the lounge brings the ability to place three or four peop	New apartment in Saint Germain-des-Prés, next to the Museum of the Louvre, Orsay and the Pont des Arts. It is found in a building in very good condition and calm, composed of a bedroom and a lounge, it can accommodate up to 4 people, ideal location! By entering you will arrive in a corridor of a few meters of which depends on the living room and the bathroom. The show presents nine convertible sofa (2 persons), a service in order to work with your computer. The kitchenette is in a reduced opening by sliding doors, you'll find, the elements of bases as well as a washing machine. A window allows this area to benefit from the light of day all day. The minimalist décor, paintings, vases, furniture and lamps allow you to feel at home with your belongings. The bathroom has a shower, a bathroom with a washbasin, a dry towel and amenities. The room is accessible from the living room, a door separates two spaces. King-size double bed (180 x 200) chest of drawers and storage space are at your di
2831	Please note here that most of our reviews are based on the other flat we listed last year, a cozy studio around Bercy area. Do not get confused with the new flat we're listing below: Stunning 1 bedroom apartment literally meters away from the Eiffel Tower! Fully furnished and equipped (Fridge, washing machine, oven, microwave, toaster, boiler, cutlery, iron, heating system, towels, shampoo, shower gel…).  Free unlimited wireless internet access and TV cable access with channels from around the globe.  Ideal for indivuals or couples. All amenities seconds away (supermarkets, French bakeries [Boulangeries], gastronomic restaurants (Michelin stars), cafés/brasseries...). Absolutely incredible location, just by the Eiffel Tower in the very chic 7th district of Paris, 2 minutes’ walk from the Seine river and its barge bars/restaurants/tours (Paris Bateaux Mouches), 8m walk from the posh Palace hotels on George V avenue (Four Seasons, Prince de Galles, George V)  and the famous fashion 'Haut	Stunning 1 bedroom apartment literally meters away from the Eiffel Tower! Fully furnished and equipped (Fridge, washing machine, oven, microwave, toaster, boiler, cutlery, iron, heating system, towels, shampoo, shower gel…). Please note here that most of our reviews are based on the other flat we listed last year, a cozy studio around Bercy area. Do not get confused with the new flat we're listing below: Stunning 1 bedroom apartment literally meters away from the Eiffel Tower! Fully furnished and equipped (Fridge, washing machine, oven, microwave, toaster, boiler, cutlery, iron, heating system, towels, shampoo, shower gel…).  Free unlimited wireless internet access and TV cable access with channels from around the globe.  Ideal for indivuals or couples. All amenities seconds away (supermarkets, French bakeries [Boulangeries], gastronomic restaurants (Michelin stars), cafés/brasseries...). Absolutely incredible location, just by the Eiffel Tower in the very chic 7th district of Paris, 2
2832	I rent my study of 20mq in the 7eme. The study is comprised of all (Internet, microwaves, kitchen, private bathroom and French bed).  it is situated to 1 minute from the metro (tour mauburg) and to 10 minutes from the tower eiffel.	I rent my study of 20mq in the 7eme. The study is comprised of all (Internet, microwaves, kitchen, private bathroom and French bed).  it is situated to 1 minute from the metro (tour mauburg) and to 10 minutes from the tower eiffel.
2833	This charming and perfectly-situated apartment is ideal for your next Parisian getaway!  Located just five minutes from the Eiffel Tower, you are sure to enjoy the romance and beauty of the wonderful city of lights. The apartment features a bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom, and spacious terrace.  In the bedroom, you will find a real queen-size bed (not a sofa bed) complete with lovely linens, pillows, and duvet.  There are two small lamps on night-stands beside bed.  There is a large closet with hangers.  There is also a small desk and stool.  An iron and ironing board are available in the closet.  (The inside of the apartment is 300 square feet, and the patio is also 300 square feet.) Leaving the bedroom and walking to the left, you will pass through a small kitchen, equipped with two burners, sink, mini-refrigerator, washer/dryer, microwave, pots, pans, dishes, cutlery, and all kitchen utensils.   Continuing through the apartment, you will find a bathroom on your left, complet	This charming and perfectly-situated apartment is ideal for your next Parisian getaway!  Located just five minutes from the Eiffel Tower, you are sure to enjoy the romance and beauty of the wonderful city of lights. The apartment features a bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom, and spacious terrace.  In the bedroom, you will find a real queen-size bed (not a sofa bed) complete with lovely linens, pillows, and duvet.  There are two small lamps on night-stands beside bed.  There is a large closet with hangers.  There is also a small desk and stool.  An iron and ironing board are available in the closet.  (The inside of the apartment is 300 square feet, and the patio is also 300 square feet.) Leaving the bedroom and walking to the left, you will pass through a small kitchen, equipped with two burners, sink, mini-refrigerator, washer/dryer, microwave, pots, pans, dishes, cutlery, and all kitchen utensils.   Continuing through the apartment, you will find a bathroom on your left, complet
2834	Beautiful and well-furnished apartment of 33m2 located on the 5th and last floor, falling on a private courtyard.  Rue de Bourgogne lies between several pleasant places : The Rodin Museum, the National Assembly, the Invalides, le Bon Marché and Saint Germain des Prés (15 minutes' walk) - and is well connected by bus ( (phone number hidden)) subways (line 8 and 13) and Rer B.  The 7th arrondissement - district of embassies and ministries -is central, prestigious and wealthy.  Apart from the excellent geographical situation, the apartment has a bedroom, a bathroom with bath, kitchen (dishwasher, oven, washing machine and dryer) and lounge (TV, wifi). It is also equipped with linens, bedding, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The apartment has been completely renovated. Possible location for bike and scooter. Perfect location for a cosy winter in Paris ! Available for Chrismas. 	Beautiful and well-furnished apartment of 33m2 located on the 5th and last floor, falling on a private courtyard.  Rue de Bourgogne lies between several pleasant places : The Rodin Museum, the National Assembly, the Invalides, le Bon Marché and Saint Germain des Prés (15 minutes' walk) - and is well connected by bus ( (phone number hidden)) subways (line 8 and 13) and Rer B.  The 7th arrondissement - district of embassies and ministries -is central, prestigious and wealthy.  Apart from the excellent geographical situation, the apartment has a bedroom, a bathroom with bath, kitchen (dishwasher, oven, washing machine and dryer) and lounge (TV, wifi). It is also equipped with linens, bedding, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The apartment has been completely renovated. Possible location for bike and scooter. Perfect location for a cosy winter in Paris ! Available for Chrismas. 
2835	The building is located in a private, calm and secure courtyard. The appartment is on the second floor and there is an elevator.	The localisation is perfect , closed to esplanades des invalides, Tour eiffel and Champs de Mars ! The metro is five minutes walk. Very central ! Calm , cosy and well equiped  Two bedrom with one bed and one convertible-canape A lot of restaurants, shops and markets around the house
2836		Two pieces : cosy and design. Ideal for 2 people for a romantic stay. Located on the esplanade of the Invalides. 5 min walk from the Grand Palais, the Champs Elysees.  15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. Neighborhood : restaurants, bars, shopping. The Esplanade des Invalides in Paris is a vast green space created in the early eighteenth century. Between Place des Invalides and the Quai d'Orsay. On the occasion of the 1900 World Expo, the plaza was linked to the Champs Elysées with the construction of the Pont Alexandre III. Metro: Line 8 (Invalides or La Tour Maubourg), line 13 (Invalides) RER C : Invalides station Shuttle from and to Orly airport Bus : 28 or 63 or 69 or 83 or 94
2837	Located only  a 10 minute walk from the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, on the 5th floor, with elevator, of an elegant 18th century building, this stylish 1 bedroom apartment embodies Parisian style.  Situated on the rue Barbet de Jouy, it is close by to a  wonderful choice of restaurants, grocery shops and open-air markets.  Recently renovated, and decorated with beautiful furnishings, the space is comprised of two rooms,  a fully equipped kitchen, and a modern bathroom. The 55m2/592 sq ft  comfortably sleeps three, and the main bedroom is equipped with a queen size bed. The area boasts some of the finest landmarks in the city. Only a stone’s throw from the Rodin Museum, and the Invalides, it is also a ten minute walk from Paris’s best department store (with the finest food hall in town) , The Bon Marché, and the trendy Saint-Germain-des-Pres area. This is a perfect and comfortable base for those who wish to discover Paris for the first time, as well Francophiles who are returning to	Available for all of the month of August, at a special discount rate!!! Do not hesitate to contact me for more information... happy to discuss pricing, and availability. Located only  a 10 minute walk from the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, on the 5th floor, with elevator, of an elegant 18th century building, this stylish 1 bedroom apartment embodies Parisian style.  Situated on the rue Barbet de Jouy, it is close by to a  wonderful choice of restaurants, grocery shops and open-air markets.  Recently renovated, and decorated with beautiful furnishings, the space is comprised of two rooms,  a fully equipped kitchen, and a modern bathroom. The 55m2/592 sq ft  comfortably sleeps three, and the main bedroom is equipped with a queen size bed. The area boasts some of the finest landmarks in the city. Only a stone’s throw from the Rodin Museum, and the Invalides, it is also a ten minute walk from Paris’s best department store (with the finest food hall in town) , The Bon Marché, and the tre
2838	This incredibly charming studio near Saint Germain des Pres is nestled in the heart of one of the most celebrated areas of Paris. It is a short walk to several major landmarks such as the Eiffel Tower, Rodin Museum and the famous Hotel des Invaides (where Napoleons tomb and war museums are located), the charming shopping area surrounding rue du Bac, the glorious Alexandre III bridge crossing to the 8th arrondissement and lies in the shadow of the Augusta Rodin Museum. The Ecole Militaire, Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars park are all a 10-minute walk to the west while the Muse D’Orsay is a 10-minute walk to the east. You simply cannot beat the location of this apartment for sight seeing and incredible architecture. There is also one of the city’s best bakeries right next door for early morning quiche, croissants and deserts. This quiet apartment overlooks a peaceful courtyard and is immensely private. The fresh paint, kitchen (with dishwasher), private bath are all bathed in sunlight fro	This incredibly charming studio near Saint Germain des Pres in the 7th is nestled in the heart of one of the most celebrated areas of Paris. . It’s a short walk to several major landmarks such as the Eiffel Tower, Rodin Museum and Hotel des Invaides. This incredibly charming studio near Saint Germain des Pres is nestled in the heart of one of the most celebrated areas of Paris. It is a short walk to several major landmarks such as the Eiffel Tower, Rodin Museum and the famous Hotel des Invaides (where Napoleons tomb and war museums are located), the charming shopping area surrounding rue du Bac, the glorious Alexandre III bridge crossing to the 8th arrondissement and lies in the shadow of the Augusta Rodin Museum. The Ecole Militaire, Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars park are all a 10-minute walk to the west while the Muse D’Orsay is a 10-minute walk to the east. You simply cannot beat the location of this apartment for sight seeing and incredible architecture. There is also one of the c
2839	En plein coeur de Saint Germain des prés dans le quartier historique a deux pas du café de flore et des deux magots.Situer a 100 mètres de la seine sur la rive gauche ce studio est l emplacement idéal pour découvrir paris et ses monuments les plus proche tel que le musé d Orsay ou le Louvre.Dans une rue au calme au cinquième étage(sans ascenseur),dans un havre de paix et de verdure,sans vis a vis,avec vue dégagé sur les toits de paris et la tour Eiffel.Charme et romantisme garanti pour ce petit studio......je précise que les draps et serviettes sont inclus dans le prix du nettoyage ainsi que les produits de base comme le café;nespresso et le thé sont a (website hidden) précise aussi que les toilettes sont en face du studio  ce qui permet de garder le romantisme du séjour, car le studio est petit, mais dans un emplacement idéal de nuit comme de jour.	. En plein coeur de Saint Germain des prés dans le quartier historique a deux pas du café de flore et des deux magots.Situer a 100 mètres de la seine sur la rive gauche ce studio est l emplacement idéal pour découvrir paris et ses monuments les plus proche tel que le musé d Orsay ou le Louvre.Dans une rue au calme au cinquième étage(sans ascenseur),dans un havre de paix et de verdure,sans vis a vis,avec vue dégagé sur les toits de paris et la tour Eiffel.Charme et romantisme garanti pour ce petit studio......je précise que les draps et serviettes sont inclus dans le prix du nettoyage ainsi que les produits de base comme le café;nespresso et le thé sont a (website hidden) précise aussi que les toilettes sont en face du studio  ce qui permet de garder le romantisme du séjour, car le studio est petit, mais dans un emplacement idéal de nuit comme de jour.
2840	"Great apartment with a bedroom for 2 , a space to cook and eat (small kitchen quite equipped) a bathroom. The flat is situated on the 1st floor with elevator. it was recently completely renew. Great Design, the flat is bright and smart you can only adore your stay in this 26m ².  TV andWi-Fi is at your disposal.  In the bathroom, you will have access to the shower, and a hairdryer. We supply you with shower gel and shampoo.  The apartment is rather spacious to allow you to tidy up your personal belongings.  This apartment will be perfectly adapted for couples or business trip you will be in the heart of Paris and will taste the charms of the life in Paris. The neighbourhood is calm and nice. Fantastic neighborhood just near Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower, safe, and close to everything. There are restaurants, clubs, supermarkets, Theaters, Bars and everything to make you feel Parisian!!! The métro is ""Ségur"" on the line 10 The flat is then 5 minutes away by walking Come and you wil"	Marvellous apartment near the Suffren in the 15th district of Paris. Perfect for couples, you will remember it. Great apartment with a bedroom for 2 , a space to cook and eat (small kitchen quite equipped) a bathroom. The flat is situated on the 1st floor with elevator. it was recently completely renew. Great Design, the flat is bright and smart you can only adore your stay in this 26m ².  TV andWi-Fi is at your disposal.  In the bathroom, you will have access to the shower, and a hairdryer. We supply you with shower gel and shampoo.  The apartment is rather spacious to allow you to tidy up your personal belongings.  This apartment will be perfectly adapted for couples or business trip you will be in the heart of Paris and will taste the charms of the life in Paris. The neighbourhood is calm and nice. Fantastic neighborhood just near Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower, safe, and close to everything. There are restaurants, clubs, supermarkets, Theaters, Bars and everything to make you 
2841	One bedroom apartment of 46 square meters completely renovated on the 2nd floor	"This one bedroom apartment completly renovated in the 7th rue Malar, is perfect for visting Paris ! One bedroom apartment of 46 square meters completely renovated on the 2nd floor The whole apartment over phone and e-mails This apartment is located in the 7th district, at few minutes of Invalides and Eiffel Tower. This district is very attractive by its shops and Market thanks to the ""Rue Saint Dominique"" and ""Rue Cler"". The nearest metros is line 8 at Tour Maubourg. This line lead to Commerce, La Motte Picquet,  Concorde, Invalides, Madeleine and Opéra. Tour Maubourg (line 8) For the renting one month or more than one month, the electricity is NOT included. • A few days before your arrival, you will receive an email with information about our agent in charge of your Check-in & Check-out. • Once you are in Paris, you will have to sign the lease.  • We provide sheets, duvets, pillows and towels as well as the need for cooking. An internet connection with WIFI access is also available."
2842	AMENITIES: -2 separate bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms -Open and airy living area with beamed ceilings -Large, fully equipped kitchen and dining area -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Hair dyer, iron and board, washing/drying machine and more are included This beautiful 140 sqm duplex apartment is located on the second floor of a classic Haussmannian building with secure, coded access.  Upon entering the building, you are greeted by a quaint courtyard.  Moving on upstairs (by way of elevator if you have lots of luggage), you come to the apartment door.  Upon entering, you are greeted by a large and spacious living area.  Art and and literature enthusiasts will admire the large collections of artwork and books throughout the flat.  This living room is truly unique, with its beamed ceilings, floor-to-ceiling windows, decorative murals and more.  You will find two comfortable leather sofas next to the decorative fireplace where you can sit down and plan your next day’s adventur	2 bedrooms, 2 ensuite bathrooms, 1 large living and dining area, 1 fully equipped kitchen, 1 lounge, sleeps 5 AMENITIES: -2 separate bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms -Open and airy living area with beamed ceilings -Large, fully equipped kitchen and dining area -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Hair dyer, iron and board, washing/drying machine and more are included This beautiful 140 sqm duplex apartment is located on the second floor of a classic Haussmannian building with secure, coded access.  Upon entering the building, you are greeted by a quaint courtyard.  Moving on upstairs (by way of elevator if you have lots of luggage), you come to the apartment door.  Upon entering, you are greeted by a large and spacious living area.  Art and and literature enthusiasts will admire the large collections of artwork and books throughout the flat.  This living room is truly unique, with its beamed ceilings, floor-to-ceiling windows, decorative murals and more.  You will find two comfo
2843	This is a wonderful & safe neighborhood, with the real charm of Paris. There are no superstores or malls in this area of the 7th district. You'll find lots of small cozy restaurants, bakeries & French boutiques just as if nothing has changed!  The daily Open Market called Rue Cler is 2 blocks away, the River Seine is 3 blocks away from this apartment. Metro access is 6 minutes walk: Line 8, 13 or RER C (to Versailles) There is good bus service in all directions: (phone number hidden) A very safe & Totally french neighborhood. The apartment was completely renovated recently by an architect who added all new appliances, an Italian shower and built-in closets. The style of the apartment is modern but the area is historic. Located on a one-way brick passage, this flat is in a safe area that is lively in the day but quiet at night.  Located in a central area called the 7th district you will find plenty of cafés, restaurants, pubs & the lively rue Cler where people watching is a pass time. V	    Paris is best seen by foot which you can do from this flat located in central Paris: walking in any direction you'll see many monuments,restaurants and shopping boutiques. This is a wonderful & safe neighborhood, with the real charm of Paris.        This is a wonderful & safe neighborhood, with the real charm of Paris. There are no superstores or malls in this area of the 7th district. You'll find lots of small cozy restaurants, bakeries & French boutiques just as if nothing has changed!  The daily Open Market called Rue Cler is 2 blocks away, the River Seine is 3 blocks away from this apartment. Metro access is 6 minutes walk: Line 8, 13 or RER C (to Versailles) There is good bus service in all directions: (phone number hidden) A very safe & Totally french neighborhood. The apartment was completely renovated recently by an architect who added all new appliances, an Italian shower and built-in closets. The style of the apartment is modern but the area is historic. Located on a one-
2844	1 bedrom - 1 bathroom - 1 living room with small kitchen 	Nice and cozy apartment, closed to Eiffer tower and located in the chic neighborhood of Paris 7.  Ideal for a young couple wishing to visit the city. 1 bedrom - 1 bathroom - 1 living room with small kitchen All appartment With pleasure Closed to Eiffel tower, locaded in a nice area with many shops, french restaurants, bakery... Closed to metro line 8, 9 and RER C / Many buses line going to Champs Elysees, Opera, Montmarte. No smoking.
2845	Beautiful flat in the 7th disctric of Paris at 200 meters from Eiffel Tower. The flat includes: - 1 master bedroom with double bed - 1 living room with a sofa - 1 bathroom with WC - All equiped kitchen (oven,large refrigerator, freezer, electric hotplates, dishwasher, washing/dryer machine) - 2 Large wardrobes - TV  Amenities : __________________________________________ Coffee maker Toaster Hair dryer Umbrella Electric kettle Cutlery All kitchen appliances Sheets and towels provided Central heating Elevator The whole flat is brand new and modern. The neighbourhood is very friendly : plenty of restaurants, boulangerie, supermarket shopping mall.	Welcome to my beautiful flat. Fully renovated, the apartment is at 200 meters from Tour Eiffel. Perfect for a short stay in Paris, enjoy ! Beautiful flat in the 7th disctric of Paris at 200 meters from Eiffel Tower. The flat includes: - 1 master bedroom with double bed - 1 living room with a sofa - 1 bathroom with WC - All equiped kitchen (oven,large refrigerator, freezer, electric hotplates, dishwasher, washing/dryer machine) - 2 Large wardrobes - TV  Amenities : __________________________________________ Coffee maker Toaster Hair dryer Umbrella Electric kettle Cutlery All kitchen appliances Sheets and towels provided Central heating Elevator The whole flat is brand new and modern. The neighbourhood is very friendly : plenty of restaurants, boulangerie, supermarket shopping mall.
2846	It's a beautiful 17m² apartment, located in a prestigious neigbourhood, in the town-center of Paris. The apartment is on the sixth floor, just under the roof. It's verry pleasant and confortable. The apartment is completly new.  	It's a beautiful 20m² apartment, located in a prestigious area, in the town-center of paris. You can do most
2847		Chambre privée, proche de la tour effeil, spécialement aménagée pour vous recevoir pour profiter de la capitale. Vous partagerez la salle de bain et la cuisine. Le quartier est agréable et très touristique. 
2848	"Your stay in a cool spirit flat 90m2, just near the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars, at the metro station ""La motte piquet Grenelle"" three metro lines (6,8,10) with lot of shops, cafes, and bakeries. You can find anything you need just around the corner: supermarket just downstairs, as well as bakery and an typical open market (Grenelle Market) I'm hypnotherapist film director and radio performer. For a nice and confortable trip in Paris, you're welcome in my room ! I'm Often in short travels, or at my friend's place , so i rent my cosy room with my 160 super comfortable bed. the room is full of light, with view on the boulevard de grenelle. I will be happy to give you some advices or places to enjoy your trip. read my adress guide on airbnb and don't hesitate to contact me if you have some questions. Please try to complete your profile with basics informations when you ask me a request, cause an empty profile isn't really engaging. Hosting you is based on trust and respect. I try to s"	"Your stay in a cool spirit flat 90m2, just near the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars, at the metro station ""La motte piquet Grenelle"" three metro lines (6,8,10) with lot of shops, cafes, and bakeries. You can find anything you need just around the corner: supermarket just downstairs, as well as bakery and an typical open market (Grenelle Market) I'm hypnotherapist film director and radio performer. For a nice and confortable trip in Paris, you're welcome in my room ! I'm Often in short travels, or at my friend's place , so i rent my cosy room with my 160 super comfortable bed. the room is full of light, with view on the boulevard de grenelle. I will be happy to give you some advices or places to enjoy your trip. read my adress guide on airbnb and don't hesitate to contact me if you have some questions. Please try to complete your profile with basics informations when you ask me a request, cause an empty profile isn't really engaging. Hosting you is based on trust and respect. I try to s"
2849	This beautiful and bright apartment of 90m2 has a ceiling of 4 meters high and a beautiful setting in a magnificent building of the 18th century. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor and there is a lift to get there. The apartment is able to welcome until 4 people. The livingroom is spacious and really bright, with a very comfortable and brand new sofa, which is convertible into a bed as comfortable as a real bed.  You will also find a TV and a beautiful and ancient fireplace and you will have plenty of rooms to keep your personal things. The apartment is warm and cosy and is soundproofed. There is also a big bedroom with a wide bed also brand new. We provide beautiful white bed sheets that will make you feel like you are in a hotel with all the advantages of an apartment in the very center of Paris and  in the Latin district of Saint-Germain-des-Prês. This apartment is well equipped with everything that you need to receive people, cook or just to relax. Different channels and the	In a building classified as an 18th century historical monument, this apartment will offer you an exceptional comfort. Completely revamped, this beautiful flat of 90m2 with it's high ceiling will make your stay unforgettable. This beautiful and bright apartment of 90m2 has a ceiling of 4 meters high and a beautiful setting in a magnificent building of the 18th century. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor and there is a lift to get there. The apartment is able to welcome until 4 people. The livingroom is spacious and really bright, with a very comfortable and brand new sofa, which is convertible into a bed as comfortable as a real bed.  You will also find a TV and a beautiful and ancient fireplace and you will have plenty of rooms to keep your personal things. The apartment is warm and cosy and is soundproofed. There is also a big bedroom with a wide bed also brand new. We provide beautiful white bed sheets that will make you feel like you are in a hotel with all the advantages of
2850	Exceptional position / Emplacement exceptionnel,  Third floor / 3 eme étage Elevator / Ascenseur 	Large and Nice furnished flat, city centre, near Eiffel Tower, Saint Germain des Près, Invalides, Montparnasse. Grand Studio tout équipé, au cœur de Paris, à proximité Tour Eiffel, Saint Germain des Près, Invalides, Montparnasse. Exceptional position / Emplacement exceptionnel,  Third floor / 3 eme étage Elevator / Ascenseur  Idéal pour découvrir Paris, quartier calme,commerces à proximité One of most beautiful area , chic and quiet métro, bus
2851		Mon salon aménagé en chambre privé pour vous recevoir pour découvrir Paris, la ville des lumières. Situé à proximité des transports ligne 8, des restaurants, des banques et des endroits les plus touristiques de la capitale pour vous servir! A bientôt
2852	"It's a 2 storey little maisonette, the room, equipped with a queen size bed is on the mezzanine. To create a real comfortable room with privacy, we altered the structure of the mezzanine, then closed the 2nd floor with metal ""loft"" style frames and windows, overlooking the living room. The Living is equipped with a beautiful grey sofa, that transforms into a 140cm wide bed fitting 2 comfortably. Of course all beds are prepared with fresh linens, and you'll be provided 2 towels per person for your stay. The large hot shower will re comfort you after long days walking, and you'll find everything in the little kitchen to try yourself at French cuisine ! (Microwave and Grill oven, 2 stoves, fridge, kettle, coffee machine, toaster and all ustensils) Last but not least, you'll enjoy a separated toilet   :) Size : about 240sqft, 4m30 max. height, all effectively occupied !"	"Our brand new design and cozy maisonette (room upstairs) avail. from 04/14 is perfectly located on a quiet street. Rate from 85E/n, it fits 4 ! 5 mns walk to Musée Rodin, Orsay and Bon Marché, 10 mns walk to Eiffel twr, St-Germain & Luxembourg! It's a 2 storey little maisonette, the room, equipped with a queen size bed is on the mezzanine. To create a real comfortable room with privacy, we altered the structure of the mezzanine, then closed the 2nd floor with metal ""loft"" style frames and windows, overlooking the living room. The Living is equipped with a beautiful grey sofa, that transforms into a 140cm wide bed fitting 2 comfortably. Of course all beds are prepared with fresh linens, and you'll be provided 2 towels per person for your stay. The large hot shower will re comfort you after long days walking, and you'll find everything in the little kitchen to try yourself at French cuisine ! (Microwave and Grill oven, 2 stoves, fridge, kettle, coffee machine, toaster and all ustensils) "
2853	Very nice and bright studio with wooden floor in the7th arrondissement , on the 7th floor which offers an impressive view of the Eiffel tower. The building is equipped with concierge and elevator.  5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars and Invalides, 15 minutes walk from Champs Elysee.  Very well connected to subway (ligne 8 ecole militaire or tour maubourg stops) and buses. Really famous pedestrian street (rue cler) on the corner with fruits market, cheese shop, wine shop, supermarket, many restaurants and cafes with terraces. The bedroom can be set up according to your needs, or with a double bed  or with 2 single beds  Livingroom  flat screen TV, WIFI internet, phone and a dining table up to 4 peoples The kitchen  equipment includes: ceramic hobs, oven/ grill, microwave , fridge and freezer, water-boiler, toaster, plates, cutlery, glasses, cooking utensils. Large bethroom with bath and toilet Sheets and towels are provided. I am looking forward to welcoming you in my 	Very nice and bright studio with wooden floor in the7th arrondissement , on the 7th floor which offers an impressive view of the Eiffel tower. The building is equipped with concierge and elevator.  5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars and Invalides, 15 minutes walk from Champs Elysee.  Very well connected to subway (ligne 8 ecole militaire or tour maubourg stops) and buses. Really famous pedestrian street (rue cler) on the corner with fruits market, cheese shop, wine shop, supermarket, many restaurants and cafes with terraces. The bedroom can be set up according to your needs, or with a double bed  or with 2 single beds  Livingroom  flat screen TV, WIFI internet, phone and a dining table up to 4 peoples The kitchen  equipment includes: ceramic hobs, oven/ grill, microwave , fridge and freezer, water-boiler, toaster, plates, cutlery, glasses, cooking utensils. Large bethroom with bath and toilet Sheets and towels are provided. I am looking forward to welcoming you in my 
2854		Situated in the cosy Saint-Germain-des-prés area, next to Science Po School and Le Bon Marché. Numerous major Parisian sites accessible at walking distance like Le Louvre, Le Jardin des Tuileries, or the Eiffel Tower. As guest, you will have full access to the entire studio. Everything is functional. The bed is a sofa-bed. If needed, I will be happy to share my favourite local addresses of quiet public places, brasseries, bars, and other.  I can speak french and english. The neighbourhood contains numerous local brasseries for brunch, lunch, or diner. By walking two minutes toward the south you will find some resourcing gardens like le jardin Catherine Labouré.  And on the other side you will find all kind of art galleries, from the majors to the smallest ones. Area well served by public transportation. By metro, stop at Sevres-Babylone on line 10 or 12, and at Saint-Sulpice on line 4. Do not hesitate to contact me for any question regarding your stay.
2855	STUDIO AVAILABLE ONLY FOR LONG STAY (3 MONTH AT LESS) It is 19 m2 and located on the 5th floor (without elevator) of a building made in stones of Paris (1790).  It gives on the courtyard of the building and offers a lovely view on the surrounding buildings and roof tops of Paris. The 2 parts are in rows. They are not large but very zen. Each has a windows which gives to the unit a lot of brightness.  The 1rst room is the diner area. The kitchen is equipped by worktop and hotplates. You can find too combi micro-wave/oven, dishes, scissors, glasses, jug, decanter, kettle, corkscrew ... and also a washing machine. In addition, you can find too shelves and little table for your meal.  The 2nd room is the living area.  There is a big closet in this room (with coat rack for hanging clothes, drawers and shelves, iron, ironing board, blankets, towels and linens).  The bed of this room could be single or double (90 cm x 200 cm which turn into a real double bed of 180 cm x 200 cm - like the Hemn	"Located at less then 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel tower and 50 meters from the famous pedestrian street : ""Rue Cler"", this studio is only available for stay of 3 month at less ! Looking forward to meeting you soon ! STUDIO AVAILABLE ONLY FOR LONG STAY (3 MONTH AT LESS) It is 19 m2 and located on the 5th floor (without elevator) of a building made in stones of Paris (1790).  It gives on the courtyard of the building and offers a lovely view on the surrounding buildings and roof tops of Paris. The 2 parts are in rows. They are not large but very zen. Each has a windows which gives to the unit a lot of brightness.  The 1rst room is the diner area. The kitchen is equipped by worktop and hotplates. You can find too combi micro-wave/oven, dishes, scissors, glasses, jug, decanter, kettle, corkscrew ... and also a washing machine. In addition, you can find too shelves and little table for your meal.  The 2nd room is the living area.  There is a big closet in this room (with coat rack for han"
2856	The rue du Bac in the 7th arrondissement of Paris is an old, narrow street that runs from the posh Bonmarché department store down to the Seine river, opening out on the Left Bank of the river directly across from the Louvre Museum. In fact, this street traces the very path that was used centuries ago to transport large limestone blocks quarried nearby down to the river, where they were carried across to the Right Bank on a ‘bac’, or barge, and much of the stone was subsequently used to build the royal Louvre palace itself. The route became well worn over time by the to and fro of wagons carrying heavy stone and eventually this path evolved into a street. Anyone who lives on the rue du Bac these days is a privileged soul, as the street has some of the finest inner courtyards and former ‘hôtels particuliers’ in all of Paris. Discreet, classy, and well situated in the historic center of the Left Bank, the rue du Bac is one of the most desirable residential addresses in the city.  In many	Nestled in the back of the courtyard you will find this tranquil and elegant apartment. Brand new renovation with all new lux EVERYTHING!!! Also, the best Location in St Germain!!  The rue du Bac in the 7th arrondissement of Paris is an old, narrow street that runs from the posh Bonmarché department store down to the Seine river, opening out on the Left Bank of the river directly across from the Louvre Museum. In fact, this street traces the very path that was used centuries ago to transport large limestone blocks quarried nearby down to the river, where they were carried across to the Right Bank on a ‘bac’, or barge, and much of the stone was subsequently used to build the royal Louvre palace itself. The route became well worn over time by the to and fro of wagons carrying heavy stone and eventually this path evolved into a street. Anyone who lives on the rue du Bac these days is a privileged soul, as the street has some of the finest inner courtyards and former ‘hôtels particuliers’ 
2857	Invalides Area (7th arrondissement) 10 minutes' walk from the Eiffel Tower 5 minutes from Invalides (subway and Air France Coach drop-off point) 15 minutes'walk from the Musée d'Orsay Daily parisian market and plenty of restaurants, cafés and shops a 5-minute walk away	Large furnished studio 27M2 well equipped with breakfast bar Washing machine and tumble drier,dishwasher; seperate shower/bathroom Third floor facing onto courtyard (quiet)with two unobstructed Windows,very bright  No elevator big enough for baby bed
2858	"On the last floor of a typical parisian 19th century building,  one large living room with cooking space (micro wawe, fridge, stove, nespresso) and two bedrooms facing a garden.  Bathroom (shower). Each bedroom has a desk and a bed for two people (160 x 200 cm). Please note that you have to climb a ladder to access the beds and that the elevator stops one floor before the flat. Free wifi connection and books at your disposal. The flat is located in the center of Paris, 100 meters far from the fancy department store ""Le Bon Marché"" and within a walking distance from Louvre Museum, Musée d'Orsay, Invalides. If art is your passion, you could also visit Musée Rodin, Musée Maillol, antiques dealers and famous art galleries, all 5 minutes walk far from the flat.  The neighborhood is also famous for design and fashion shops, nice restaurants and cafés.  Several metro and bus lines nearby to go anywhere fast.  During the day a very lively neighborhood but quiet at night, as the cafés, bar and "	"On the last floor of a typical parisian 19th century building,  one large living room with cooking space (micro wawe, fridge, stove, nespresso) and two bedrooms facing a garden.  Bathroom (shower). Each bedroom has a desk and a bed for two people (160 x 200 cm). Please note that you have to climb a ladder to access the beds and that the elevator stops one floor before the flat. Free wifi connection and books at your disposal. The flat is located in the center of Paris, 100 meters far from the fancy department store ""Le Bon Marché"" and within a walking distance from Louvre Museum, Musée d'Orsay, Invalides. If art is your passion, you could also visit Musée Rodin, Musée Maillol, antiques dealers and famous art galleries, all 5 minutes walk far from the flat.  The neighborhood is also famous for design and fashion shops, nice restaurants and cafés.  Several metro and bus lines nearby to go anywhere fast.  During the day a very lively neighborhood but quiet at night, as the cafés, bar and "
2859	This is a Non-Smoking Apartment.  Situated on the Left Bank on the rue du Bac, a stones throw from the Boulevard St Germain, this apartment is in one of the most sought after and expensive neighborhoods of Paris! The Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Musée d’Orsay, Ile de la Cité, Notre Dame and the banks of the Seine plus many other attractions are all within an easy walk.   This spacious apartment, some 1560 sq. ft. in size, is situated in a traditional well kept building. The apartment is attractively decorated and comfortably furnished with good storage.  The entrance foyer leads to a large attractive dining room, with fine parquet flooring and a glass dining table with chairs for six people. Just off the dining room is a separate well equipped kitchen (with stove top burners, oven, refrigerator, microwave, and dishwasher). The large pleasant living room with high ceilings, fireplace (decorative only !) comfortable double sleep sofa bed, flat screen TV, parquet flooring, rugs, overlooks t	This spacious two-bedroom, two bathroom Left Bank apartment is ideally located in the heart of St Germain des Pres in the ever popular 7th Arrondissement.  It is a short walk to the Mache Buci or to the Jardin du Luxembourg.  The Seine is close by.  This is a Non-Smoking Apartment.  Situated on the Left Bank on the rue du Bac, a stones throw from the Boulevard St Germain, this apartment is in one of the most sought after and expensive neighborhoods of Paris! The Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Musée d’Orsay, Ile de la Cité, Notre Dame and the banks of the Seine plus many other attractions are all within an easy walk.   This spacious apartment, some 1560 sq. ft. in size, is situated in a traditional well kept building. The apartment is attractively decorated and comfortably furnished with good storage.  The entrance foyer leads to a large attractive dining room, with fine parquet flooring and a glass dining table with chairs for six people. Just off the dining room is a separate well equippe
2860	This stylish 2-bedroom apartment is located in a 19th century building has all the comforts you could hope for. This apartment has been fully renovated. Hardware floor, fully-equipped kitchen with granite counter-top and stainless steel appliances, magnificent ceiling mouldings, marble master bathroom, italian-tiled guest bathroom, abundant closet-space. No details have been spared to satisfy the most-discriminating business or leisure traveler. Salon (or living room) is bright and ideal to relax or entertain. Flat-screen TV. Cozy-corner to read a book or have a private conversation. Granite desk area to check email or write a postcard. As an added plus, you'll get a peek at the top of the Eiffel tower from both windows in the salon.  Open american-style kitchen with breakfast counter (granite, of course!) Recess lights for added convenience in the entire apartment. Master bedroom with a double-bed (queen), extensive closet space, flat-screen TV, a beautiful full-length antique mirror 	New Listing You are in the heart of Paris, a few minutes walk from the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel tower The apartment has been fully renovated by an interior designer and is located in a high-end 19th century building of the famed 7th district This stylish 2-bedroom apartment is located in a 19th century building has all the comforts you could hope for. This apartment has been fully renovated. Hardware floor, fully-equipped kitchen with granite counter-top and stainless steel appliances, magnificent ceiling mouldings, marble master bathroom, italian-tiled guest bathroom, abundant closet-space. No details have been spared to satisfy the most-discriminating business or leisure traveler. Salon (or living room) is bright and ideal to relax or entertain. Flat-screen TV. Cozy-corner to read a book or have a private conversation. Granite desk area to check email or write a postcard. As an added plus, you'll get a peek at the top of the Eiffel tower from both windows in the salon.  Open ame
2861	My appartment location's at the 6th floor of a smart building on the roof of paris .very cute with two rooms. it is an area of 28 square meter.	cosy flat in amazing location 5min walk from eiffel tower and 10min from invalides
2862		Charming 1 bedroom apartment with classic decoration is available for 4 person. It is on the ground floor in a very quiet street, steps from the river Seine, Eiffel Tower and Alexandre III Bridge.
2863		The apartment is in the center of paris with all facilities, just 2 mn's walk from Republique Subway Station . You can easily find supermarket, restaurant, bars, shopping nearby. Perfect for 2 people. Lounge area and a sofa bed providing a very comfo
2864	Ce spacieux appartement, refait à neuf, offre une tranquilité absolue au coeur même de Paris, à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de mars. L'appartement, refait à neuf, est totalement équipé avec wifi, télé, canal plus, lecteur dvd. La cuisine est séparée et entièrement équipée avec micro-ondes, plaques à induction, micro-ondes, four, cafetière Nespresso, lave vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine.... La salle de bains dispose d'une belle baignoire dans laquelle vous pourrez vous relaxer après avoir arpenté tous les coins de Paris! Les toilettes sont séparées avec un petit lavabo. L'appartement dispose enfin d'un grand et beau salon pour se poser tranquillement devant la télé ou diner dans le coin salle à manger. 	Qui n'a pas rêvé d'habiter juste à côté de l'un des monuments les plus visités au monde? Cet appartement, à 100 m de la Tour Eiffel est fait pour vous. 3 belles pièces de 55 m2 au 4ème étage avec ascenseur sur cour d'un immeuble ancien       Ce spacieux appartement, refait à neuf, offre une tranquilité absolue au coeur même de Paris, à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de mars. L'appartement, refait à neuf, est totalement équipé avec wifi, télé, canal plus, lecteur dvd. La cuisine est séparée et entièrement équipée avec micro-ondes, plaques à induction, micro-ondes, four, cafetière Nespresso, lave vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine.... La salle de bains dispose d'une belle baignoire dans laquelle vous pourrez vous relaxer après avoir arpenté tous les coins de Paris! Les toilettes sont séparées avec un petit lavabo. L'appartement dispose enfin d'un grand et beau salon pour se poser tranquillement devant la télé ou diner dans le coin salle à manger. Je n'hésiterais pas à vous donner les 
2865	Très bel appartement de 2 pièces d'une surface de 32M2. L'ensemble des fenêtres de l'appartement donne sur une rue piétonne très agréable. L'ensemble de l'appartement a été rénové très récemment et est en excellent état. Grande chambre avec vrai lit de 140/90 et bureau.  Salon avec table à manger dépliante pour 4 personnes, canapé-lit convertible pour deux personnes. Télévision écran plat, console de jeu (wii) avec jeux, chaine hifi. Cuisine aménagée et équipée comprenant un lave-linge, un réfrigérateur, trois plaques, appareil à crêpes, appareil à raclette, appareil à croque-monsieur, etc. Salle d'eau avec WC, évier et douche en excellent état. --- Very nice 2 room apartment of 32m2 surface. All the windows of the apartment overlooks a pleasant pedestrian street. The whole apartment was renovated recently and is in excellent condition. Great room with real bed 140/90 and office. Living room with fold-out dining table for 4 people, sofa bed for two. Flat screen TV, game console (Wii) w	Appartement situé au coeur du 7ème. Au milieu des principaux centres touristiques : Champs Elysées (10 min à pied), Tour Eiffel (5 min), Invalides (2 min). Tout équipé dont lave-linge. 32M2. Métro Tour Maubourg. Sur rue piétonne. Quartier commerçant. Très bel appartement de 2 pièces d'une surface de 32M2. L'ensemble des fenêtres de l'appartement donne sur une rue piétonne très agréable. L'ensemble de l'appartement a été rénové très récemment et est en excellent état. Grande chambre avec vrai lit de 140/90 et bureau.  Salon avec table à manger dépliante pour 4 personnes, canapé-lit convertible pour deux personnes. Télévision écran plat, console de jeu (wii) avec jeux, chaine hifi. Cuisine aménagée et équipée comprenant un lave-linge, un réfrigérateur, trois plaques, appareil à crêpes, appareil à raclette, appareil à croque-monsieur, etc. Salle d'eau avec WC, évier et douche en excellent état. --- Very nice 2 room apartment of 32m2 surface. All the windows of the apartment overlooks a pl
2866		one bedroom flat located near le bon marché department store. this 40 m² flat located on the second floor 
2867	The apartment is located between the Louvre, the Seine and close to the famous square of Saint-Germain-des-Près where Serge Gainsbourg once lived. Location-wise it's hard to beat... The apartment is very bright and spacious. Located on the 4th floor by elevator, the access is easy if you are travelling with heavy luggage. With high ceilings, a calm view onto the streets of St Germain and an antique yet elegant look, this apartment will provide you with the best and most genuine of Parisian experiences.  Please note that it is in an 18th century building. If you're the kind that likes brand new, newly refurbished ambiances, you will not enjoy the characteristic parisian ambiance of the apartment. The area is world-renowned for its high-end boutiques, art galleries, outdoor cafes and restaurants. The location is also perfect for exploring the rest of the city as it is situated right by ‘metro’ lines 4 & 10. The apartment boasts a fully equipped eat-in kitchen, washing machine, central he	The apartment is located between the Louvre, the Seine and close to the famous square of Saint-Germain-des-Près where Serge Gainsbourg once lived. Location-wise it's hard to beat... The apartment is very bright and spacious. Located on the 4th floor by elevator, the access is easy if you are travelling with heavy luggage. With high ceilings, a calm view onto the streets of St Germain and an antique yet elegant look, this apartment will provide you with the best and most genuine of Parisian experiences.  Please note that it is in an 18th century building. If you're the kind that likes brand new, newly refurbished ambiances, you will not enjoy the characteristic parisian ambiance of the apartment. The area is world-renowned for its high-end boutiques, art galleries, outdoor cafes and restaurants. The location is also perfect for exploring the rest of the city as it is situated right by ‘metro’ lines 4 & 10. The apartment boasts a fully equipped eat-in kitchen, washing machine, central he
2868	*** New Decoration as shown in the first photos of the flat *** In the heart of Paris, Saint Germain de Pres neighborhood, walking distance to many Paris attractions, a charming, bright and quiet flat on the third floor, with lift. In an exclusive and prestigious building of the 19th century, on famous Boulevard Saint Germain.  One bedroom with double  bed, closets, ensuite bathroom with bath tube and movable shower, spacious living room with 2 comfortable bed-sofas, TV set, sound system , well equipped american kitchen with oven, stove, fridge, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, etc. Air conditioning and heater.  Many windows, some facing the garden, an opportunity to have a comfortable and memorable  stay in a great neighborhood is here. The Louvre, Luxembourg Gardens, Concorde Square, La Seine, metro stations, bus stops and bike rentals in a walking distance to the flat. WIFI Internet access. Clean bed sheets and towels offered.  	*** New Decoration as shown in the first photos of the flat *** In the heart of Paris, Saint Germain de Pres neighborhood, walking distance to many Paris attractions, a charming, bright and quiet flat on the third floor, with lift. In an exclusive and prestigious building of the 19th century, on famous Boulevard Saint Germain.  One bedroom with double  bed, closets, ensuite bathroom with bath tube and movable shower, spacious living room with 2 comfortable bed-sofas, TV set, sound system , well equipped american kitchen with oven, stove, fridge, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, etc. Air conditioning and heater.  Many windows, some facing the garden, an opportunity to have a comfortable and memorable  stay in a great neighborhood is here. The Louvre, Luxembourg Gardens, Concorde Square, La Seine, metro stations, bus stops and bike rentals in a walking distance to the flat. WIFI Internet access. Clean bed sheets and towels offered.  
2869	This two bedroom plus two full bath apartment (990 Sq. Ft., Sleeps 4) was entirely refurbished in 2007 and is furnished with restrained elegance. Located on the third floor (with elevator) this apartment overlooks two quiet courtyards and is thus protected from street noise. The apartment has polished parquet floors, high ceilings, and creamy white paint throughout with generous flowing curtains. The rooms are distributed off a corridor with individualized access. The living room has a rug, sofa, comfortable chairs, flat screen TV, and a decorative fireplace (not in use), and is adjacent to a separate dining room with seating for six. The living room, dining room and master bedroom all overlook the courtyards. Equipment includes Cable TV and Stereo, and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. The Master bedroom has a queen size bed, an en-suite shower room with basin and toilet, and a window overlooking an interior building courtyard. The second bedroom is furnished with two single beds and al	This large two bedroom plus two full bath apartment is located in a highly coveted area on the rue de Grenelle in the Saint Germain des Pres district on the Left Bank in Paris, just one block away from the well known Rue du Bac. This two bedroom plus two full bath apartment (990 Sq. Ft., Sleeps 4) was entirely refurbished in 2007 and is furnished with restrained elegance. Located on the third floor (with elevator) this apartment overlooks two quiet courtyards and is thus protected from street noise. The apartment has polished parquet floors, high ceilings, and creamy white paint throughout with generous flowing curtains. The rooms are distributed off a corridor with individualized access. The living room has a rug, sofa, comfortable chairs, flat screen TV, and a decorative fireplace (not in use), and is adjacent to a separate dining room with seating for six. The living room, dining room and master bedroom all overlook the courtyards. Equipment includes Cable TV and Stereo, and DSL Int
2870	• An Elegant And Peaceful Ambiance This fully equipped 22 square meter studio is the perfect flat for a couple wanting to experience the true Parisian life style in a chic, elegant and authentic atmosphere. Rich textures and fabrics of beige, brown and light blues add to the warmth and softness of the studio.  The flat is bright as its large window facing a quiet courtyard reflects the light on an ancient marble stone floor and on the classical high ceiling wooden beams.  The apartment, entirely renovated, is perfectly designed to combine warmth, elegance and maximum comfort: on one side next to the window, a lovely living room space with a designers' couch and coffee table, bookshelves and the computer with internet access, facing an elegant and functional marble stone and wooden kitchen equipped with a washer/dryer, fridge, electric burners and microwave oven.  The kitchen opens onto the living room space with a counter and a fold out table to enjoy your Parisian meals. The sleeping 	Exceptional location! This quiet and bright luxurious studio apartment (22 square meters - 237 square feet), is situated in the famous St Germain des Prés. • An Elegant And Peaceful Ambiance This fully equipped 22 square meter studio is the perfect flat for a couple wanting to experience the true Parisian life style in a chic, elegant and authentic atmosphere. Rich textures and fabrics of beige, brown and light blues add to the warmth and softness of the studio.  The flat is bright as its large window facing a quiet courtyard reflects the light on an ancient marble stone floor and on the classical high ceiling wooden beams.  The apartment, entirely renovated, is perfectly designed to combine warmth, elegance and maximum comfort: on one side next to the window, a lovely living room space with a designers' couch and coffee table, bookshelves and the computer with internet access, facing an elegant and functional marble stone and wooden kitchen equipped with a washer/dryer, fridge, electr
2871	Located on the 4th floor of a building without a lift. The entrance is secured by a gate with an intercom. Two bedrooms give on the courtyard, as the living-dining room gives on the Rue du Bac. If you turn your head to your right you will admire the Ferris Wheel at Place Concorde, the Sacré Coeur on the back, and the Seine river. This amazing 3-bedroom duplex has 100sqm (1090 sq ft). It has been entirely renewed and decorated by an interior designer. Every object, every piece of furniture, from the frames to the curtains : everything has been chosen with much care to offer a maximum of comfort. This glamourous place is just a dream come true ! It will be worth climbing the stairs as this exceptional apartment has all the features you can expect from a high standing place : high quality mattress, some unique antique that specifically fits the whole picture imagined by the decorator. The entrance hall is very elegant with a decorative chimney, mirrors and paintings. It leads to the main 	Amazing 100sqm duplex to rent in Paris near Orsay Museum, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, renovated by an interior designer, this place is magical ! Located on the 4th floor of a building without a lift. The entrance is secured by a gate with an intercom. Two bedrooms give on the courtyard, as the living-dining room gives on the Rue du Bac. If you turn your head to your right you will admire the Ferris Wheel at Place Concorde, the Sacré Coeur on the back, and the Seine river. This amazing 3-bedroom duplex has 100sqm (1090 sq ft). It has been entirely renewed and decorated by an interior designer. Every object, every piece of furniture, from the frames to the curtains : everything has been chosen with much care to offer a maximum of comfort. This glamourous place is just a dream come true ! It will be worth climbing the stairs as this exceptional apartment has all the features you can expect from a high standing place : high quality mattress, some unique antique that specifically fits the whol
2872	Once a favorite spot of Ernest Hemingway, this is a very colorful part of the Left Bank: St. Germain. It used to be the hangout for intellectuals and artists, nowadays this Parisian neighborhood has become newly chic. Upscale small stores, international restaurants and art galleries can be found almost everywhere in Paris. The Rues de Buci, de Seine, Dauphine and Mazarine, and the area between Boulevard St-Germain and the Seine provide perfect examples of Parisian charm: you can find shops and cafes, and busy pubs at night. For a quieter atmosphere in Paris, wander through the Luxembourg Gardens, or for more shopping, check out Rue de Rennes, where there is much to see. This beautiful one bedroom flat is located in Saint Germain des Prés, a famous place in Paris. Close to the Deux Magots and Café de Flore, this luminous flat is in a building of the 17th century with a beautiful wooden staircase classified. At the fifth floor, you’ll find this nice flat and enjoy the beauty of its glass	Once a favorite spot of Ernest Hemingway, this is a very colorful part of the Left Bank: St. Germain. It used to be the hangout for intellectuals and artists, nowadays this Parisian neighborhood has become newly chic. Upscale small stores, international restaurants and art galleries can be found almost everywhere in Paris. The Rues de Buci, de Seine, Dauphine and Mazarine, and the area between Boulevard St-Germain and the Seine provide perfect examples of Parisian charm: you can find shops and cafes, and busy pubs at night. For a quieter atmosphere in Paris, wander through the Luxembourg Gardens, or for more shopping, check out Rue de Rennes, where there is much to see. This beautiful one bedroom flat is located in Saint Germain des Prés, a famous place in Paris. Close to the Deux Magots and Café de Flore, this luminous flat is in a building of the 17th century with a beautiful wooden staircase classified. At the fifth floor, you’ll find this nice flat and enjoy the beauty of its glass
2873		75sqm appartement in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, near Musée d'Orsay and Ile de la Cité. 3 main rooms (2 bedrooms and 2 bathroom with shower and bath), 1 kitchen. View on a very calm courtyard.  Original and full of charm place. 
2874	The apartment is beautifully renovated by an architect, is peaceful and enjoys a lot of light (4th floor with an elevator). Please note that we are also living in the apartment but we have our own space (bedroom + shower + toilet). 	In a great style, spacious and peaceful apartment (140sqm), a large bedroom with a private shower and toilet. The apartment is perfectly located near Invalides, Saint-Germain-des-Près, Le Bon Marché and Eiffel Tower. Apartment for max 3 people. The apartment is beautifully renovated by an architect, is peaceful and enjoys a lot of light (4th floor with an elevator). Please note that we are also living in the apartment but we have our own space (bedroom + shower + toilet).  Guests will have access to spacious living room (around 50 sqm), a fully equipped and modern kitchen, private shower and toilets. Breakfast is included.  The guests benefit from the services of a cleaning lady that comes twice a week.  Located in the 'très chic and green' 7th arrondissement, the apartment is near les Invalides, Saint-Germain-des-Près, Le Bon Marché, the Eiffel Tower, lots of shops and nice restaurants. With respect to this perfect location,  you have 4 metro stations in a 5/10 minutes walking distanc
2875	Designed 120 sq m apartment by Seine river and close to avenue Montaigne . Sleeps 4.Large living room with flat tv screen cable & home theater . Master bedroom with queen size bed and ensuite full bathroom .Second room with Murphy and sofa beds and separate full bathroom .American kitchen. Wifi.  Designed 120 sq m apartment by Seine river and close to avenue Montaigne . Sleeps 4.Large living room with flat tv screen cable & home theater . Master bedroom with queen size bed and ensuite full bathroom .Second room with Murphy and sofa beds and separate full bathroom .American kitchen. Wifi.  Designed 120 sq m apartment by Seine river and close to avenue Montaigne . Sleeps 4.Large living room with flat tv screen cable & home theater . Master bedroom with queen size bed and ensuite full bathroom .Second room with Murphy and sofa beds and separate full bathroom .American kitchen. Wifi.  Designed 120 sq m apartment by Seine river and close to avenue Montaigne . Sleeps 4.Large living room with	Designed 120 sq m apartment by Seine river and close to avenue Montaigne . Sleeps 4.Large living room with flat tv screen cable & home theater . Master bedroom with queen size bed and ensuite full bathroom .Second room with Murphy and sofa beds and separate full bathroom .American kitchen. Wifi. 
2876	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 2 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests(the couch can be transform into a bed). The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work.	Amazing apartment with amazing view is located in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 2 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to the Peak Eiffel Tower Apartment of Paris. This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 2 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests(the couch can be transform into a bed). The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work. Absolutly everything is furnished with the Eiffel Peak Apartment, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 2 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Livi
2877		Typical Parisian 1BD with exposed beams and beautiful light at the heart of the Antique Dealers District in St-Germain-des-Près. 70mt away from the bank of the Seine, count for a 5min walk to Musée d'Orsay and a 10min walk to the Louvre. Great real Parisian restaurants around! Access to the essentials, ..., kitchen, washing machine, ect. No TV but I have an old projector that you can use with your computer, don't forget the adapter if you have a Mac. Unfortunately, it is too old for iTunes or Netflix content.
2878	Entire Apartment for rent, 1-5 Persons LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!! Be in the HEART of PARIS! ! This flat is virtually surrounded by sightseeing spots. Walk to the Eiffel tower, Seine river, Champs Elysees, Louvre, Rodin, Invalides (Napoleon's Tomb), Orsay, Branley, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Palais de la Decouverte, etc. Premier location in upscale, trendy and safe neighborhood and building - there are 15 Embassies in a 100 meter radius.  Perfect place to have as a quiet, cozy home base for your Paris trip. Wonderful for strolling day or evening. VERY QUIET, CHEERFUL and SUNNY. Buses, taxi, Metros Invalides/La Tour Maubourg and train C direct to Versailles are just around the corner, 5 min. walk max., so moving around Paris is a breeze. Underground secure parking two blocks away under Esplanade des Invalides. - no cleaning fee - Fiber Optic Internet / Wifi  - AC / Heaters  - Sound proof windows  - American kitchen with all amenities  - Washer / clothes dryer - Linens, towels and so	LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!! Be in the HEART of PARIS! ! This flat is virtually surrounded by sightseeing spots. Walk to the Eiffel tower, Seine river, Champs Elysees, Louvre, Rodin, Invalides (Napoleon's Tomb), Orsay, Branley, Grand Palais, Petit  Entire Apartment for rent, 1-5 Persons LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!! Be in the HEART of PARIS! ! This flat is virtually surrounded by sightseeing spots. Walk to the Eiffel tower, Seine river, Champs Elysees, Louvre, Rodin, Invalides (Napoleon's Tomb), Orsay, Branley, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Palais de la Decouverte, etc. Premier location in upscale, trendy and safe neighborhood and building - there are 15 Embassies in a 100 meter radius.  Perfect place to have as a quiet, cozy home base for your Paris trip. Wonderful for strolling day or evening. VERY QUIET, CHEERFUL and SUNNY. Buses, taxi, Metros Invalides/La Tour Maubourg and train C direct to Versailles are just around the corner, 5 min. walk max., so moving around Paris is a breeze
2879	The apartment is totally equiped. Satellite tv, kitchen, bath/shower, a comfortable sofa bed, wifi. A living room (where you can also find a totally furnished kitchen), one bedroom (with a typical french fireplace) and the bathroom. It's very sunny, cozy and calm, perfect for resting after a long day around this beautiful city. In the apt you can find a list of restaurants, pubs, bars (each one of them carefully tested!) and I will be happy to give you other tips/suggestions once you're here! Fifht floor, no elevator. Located in one of the most important areas of Paris, 10 min walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, the apt is in a walking zone with a lot of markets, shops and nice restaurants (as you can see from the pics)... The metro is 1 minute walking distance (even less). Two wonderful parks just around the corner that lead you either to the Eiffel Tower or to the famous Champs Elysee. Feel free to contact me for further info or details!!! 	The apartment is totally equiped. Satellite tv, kitchen, bath/shower, a comfortable sofa bed, wifi. A living room (where you can also find a totally furnished kitchen), one bedroom (with a typical french fireplace) and the bathroom. It's very sunny, cozy and calm, perfect for resting after a long day around this beautiful city. In the apt you can find a list of restaurants, pubs, bars (each one of them carefully tested!) and I will be happy to give you other tips/suggestions once you're here! Fifht floor, no elevator. Located in one of the most important areas of Paris, 10 min walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, the apt is in a walking zone with a lot of markets, shops and nice restaurants (as you can see from the pics)... The metro is 1 minute walking distance (even less). Two wonderful parks just around the corner that lead you either to the Eiffel Tower or to the famous Champs Elysee. Feel free to contact me for further info or details!!! 
2880	The flat is 53m², with 3 rooms (we use the 2 others), one kitchen, one bathroom and separeted toilets. It's very safe, calm and quiet. 	Private room in a classic Parisian apartment with a 2 places bed, TV and Wifi. Feel free to use the full kitchen (fridge, cooker and washing machine), bathroom and toilets. Very easy to acces (ground floor) in a very safe neighborhood. The flat is 53m², with 3 rooms (we use the 2 others), one kitchen, one bathroom and separeted toilets. It's very safe, calm and quiet. The guest has its own keys, a private room and the rest of the shared apartment (toilet, bathroom, kitchen, washing machine ...) As we live in the flat, we provide advices to make guest's trip in Paris, and in our neighborhood more personal. This neighborhood is very quiet, safe, and one of the most beautiful place in Paris. Each corner of street shows you a piece of France's History, museums, very nice and good french restaurants and cafes. Lots of public transportation : bus (line (phone number hidden)  and Metro 8, 10, 13, 6) You can also walk : - 5min, and see the Eiffel Tour, Invalides, Ecole Militaire, Musée Rodin, 
2881	Ce logement se trouve au 2e étage et comporte 3 pièces séparées par des portes en plus de la salle de bain :  - Une cuisine équipée avec machine à laver le linge, - Un salon avec télévision, bureau et canapé lit 2 places, - Une chambre avec lit 2places et de nombreux placards. La rue est très calme, aussi bien de jour comme de nuit; de plus ce logement dispose de double vitrage. L'immeuble et le quartier sont sécuritaires. 	"Logement très calme, ensoleillé, situé derrière la rue Cler connue pour ses commerces,super-marchés,cafés et petits restaurants Profitez de ce super quartier à 500m du Champs de Mars! 2 pièces, 35m2 avec un petit salon!  Très proche metro et bus ! Ce logement se trouve au 2e étage et comporte 3 pièces séparées par des portes en plus de la salle de bain :  - Une cuisine équipée avec machine à laver le linge, - Un salon avec télévision, bureau et canapé lit 2 places, - Une chambre avec lit 2places et de nombreux placards. La rue est très calme, aussi bien de jour comme de nuit; de plus ce logement dispose de double vitrage. L'immeuble et le quartier sont sécuritaires. Quartier ""vivant"" aussi bien de jour comme de nuit : la rue Cler est située juste derrière; elle comprend plusieurs commerces, dont 3 supermarchés des cafés et petits restaurants/bars très sympa où déjeuner, dîner ou boire un verre !  Le logement est situé à 500 mètres du Champs de Mars et donc de la place de l'école milita"
2882		Very well appointed one bedroom apartment with one bathroom. Bus stops are just right in front and metros are just a 5 min walk. The neighbourhood's best boulangerie, Italian butcher, 5 grocers are just right outside the apartment.
2883	It's located in the luxurious safe 7th district, close to shops, cafes, restaurants and the famous rue de Sèvres. We live on a sunny haussmann building in a classic family apartment.  YOUR ROOM You'll sleep in a beautiful 16 sqm room, with a comfortable queen size bed, overlooking a courtyard and Clinique Saint-Jean de Dieu's gardens. It has its own private walk-in shower, a small sink, a hair dryer, a magnifying mirror, and an electric kettle. It's provided with towels. There is a safe in the wardrobe if need be.  -------------------------------------------------------------- FRENCH Niché au coeur d'un quartier résidentiel, notre appartement est un parfait pied à terre pour visiter Paris. A deux pas du boulevard des Invalides, près des commerces, des cafés et restaurants  de la rue de Sèvres,  dans le luxueux 7 ème arrondissement, au 4e étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble haussmannien, vous séjournerez dans l'une des trois chambres  d'un appartement de 6 pièces, 3 salles d'eau, 2 w	Chic, safe & central district. Welcome to our spacious 160 sqm apartment! You'll sleep in a quiet renovated room with it's private in-room shower. Subway Duroc 2 mn walking. Montparnasse less then 10 mn walking. It's located in the luxurious safe 7th district, close to shops, cafes, restaurants and the famous rue de Sèvres. We live on a sunny haussmann building in a classic family apartment.  YOUR ROOM You'll sleep in a beautiful 16 sqm room, with a comfortable queen size bed, overlooking a courtyard and Clinique Saint-Jean de Dieu's gardens. It has its own private walk-in shower, a small sink, a hair dryer, a magnifying mirror, and an electric kettle. It's provided with towels. There is a safe in the wardrobe if need be.  -------------------------------------------------------------- FRENCH Niché au coeur d'un quartier résidentiel, notre appartement est un parfait pied à terre pour visiter Paris. A deux pas du boulevard des Invalides, près des commerces, des cafés et restaurants  de l
2884	Our apartment of 40m² is located at less than 100m of the Eiffel Tower in a beautiful and calm Courtyard. The kitchen is full equiped and there's a little surpermarket open untill 21h pm at 50 meters. The bedroom has a bed of 160cm wide and the bathroom has a hudge shower. You have 2 televisions and the one in the bedroom has a full access at more than 300 channels in all languages. Obvisouly you will have access to the wifi.	"Very cute & calm apartment of 40m² overlooking the courtyard and at less than 100m of the Eiffel Tower. Kitchen full equiped, bed 160cm wide, hudge shower, bus to Champs-Elysées at only 20m and supermarket at 50m and lot of good restaurants nearby. Our apartment of 40m² is located at less than 100m of the Eiffel Tower in a beautiful and calm Courtyard. The kitchen is full equiped and there's a little surpermarket open untill 21h pm at 50 meters. The bedroom has a bed of 160cm wide and the bathroom has a hudge shower. You have 2 televisions and the one in the bedroom has a full access at more than 300 channels in all languages. Obvisouly you will have access to the wifi. You will have full access to the apartement except the dressing You can write me during all your trip if you need any advice but I will let you all the information you need in the kitchen The 7th district of Paris is one of the most beautiful because of the proximity with the Eiffel Tower and ""Les Invalides"". In only 10"
2885	This apartment is ideally located for visiting Paris. Near the Invalides and Rue St Dominique you will enjoy the shopkeepers and its central location.  This 48m2 apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator of a nice building.  Description  It consists of:  - an inlet  - a bathroom with shower and toilet, washing machine and dryer  - an open kitchen with a dinner table and fully equipped  with dishwasher  - a large living room divided in two parts with a sliding door. A part with a seat for one person, a fireplace and TV, another part with a sofa bed for 2 people.  Transports Metro  Line 8: The Tour Maubourg  Line 13: Varenne  Many bus lines to travel Paris:  line 92 that goes directly to Trocadéro and Gare Montparnasse,  line 80 that allows you to make you Rive Droite, Opera in minutes.  This area is also excellent for Vélib (bike rental) and AutoLib (car rental  Neighborhood  nearby gardens of the Champ de Mars and Invalides, you are 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and th	Charming 2 rooms of rue de la Comete near the Invalides and the Champs de Mars. Renovated in 2012 it is very light and can accommodate up to 3 people. This apartment is ideally located for visiting Paris. Near the Invalides and Rue St Dominique you will enjoy the shopkeepers and its central location.  This 48m2 apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator of a nice building.  Description  It consists of:  - an inlet  - a bathroom with shower and toilet, washing machine and dryer  - an open kitchen with a dinner table and fully equipped  with dishwasher  - a large living room divided in two parts with a sliding door. A part with a seat for one person, a fireplace and TV, another part with a sofa bed for 2 people.  Transports Metro  Line 8: The Tour Maubourg  Line 13: Varenne  Many bus lines to travel Paris:  line 92 that goes directly to Trocadéro and Gare Montparnasse,  line 80 that allows you to make you Rive Droite, Opera in minutes.  This area is also excellent for Vélib (bik
2886	Vous logerez à 1 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel dans un confortable appartement au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Ambiance très calme. Appartement partagé avec mon ami et moi qui avons une chambre indépendante.	Airbed for 1 person available in a private room. The apartment is situated in a beautiful haussmanien building with a court view. The apartment is 55 square meters and you will stay in the room with a comfy airbed with furnished linens.
2887	Dans le quartier luxueux de Saint Germain, rue de Grenelle, à proximité des magasins, du boulevard Saint Germain, de la rue du Bac et du Bon Marché, charmant duplex en rez-de-chaussée et sous-sol, idéal pour petite famille de passage à (website hidden) compose au rdc d'une pièce principale avec un vrai lit de 140 cms de large, d'une cuisine équipée (Frigidaire, plaques, micro-ondes, lave-linge), d'un coin repas pour 4 personnes, d'une salle de bains avec douche, d'une TV led, d'un accès (website hidden) sous-sol une pièce avec placard, un canapé lit pour deux personnes, planche et fer à repasser. Located in the luxurious neighborhood of saint-germain, rue de Grenelle. The apartment is next to plenty of stores ( YSL, Celine, Christian Louboutin, etc), st-germain boulevard, rue du Bac and the Bon Marché shopping center.  It's a lovely duplex, perfect for a family to stay.  The apartment is composed, on the ground floor, by a main room with a queen-size bed, a bathroom, a dining area and 	Dans le quartier luxueux de Saint Germain, rue de Grenelle, à proximité des magasins, du boulevard Saint Germain, de la rue du Bac et du Bon Marché, charmant duplex en rez-de-chaussée et sous-sol, idéal pour petite famille de passage à (website hidden) compose au rdc d'une pièce principale avec un vrai lit de 140 cms de large, d'une cuisine équipée (Frigidaire, plaques, micro-ondes, lave-linge), d'un coin repas pour 4 personnes, d'une salle de bains avec douche, d'une TV led, d'un accès (website hidden) sous-sol une pièce avec placard, un canapé lit pour deux personnes, planche et fer à repasser. Located in the luxurious neighborhood of saint-germain, rue de Grenelle. The apartment is next to plenty of stores ( YSL, Celine, Christian Louboutin, etc), st-germain boulevard, rue du Bac and the Bon Marché shopping center.  It's a lovely duplex, perfect for a family to stay.  The apartment is composed, on the ground floor, by a main room with a queen-size bed, a bathroom, a dining area and 
2888	Situé dans une rue très calme, où sont concentrées beaucoup d'institutions officielles et politiques, vous pourrez vous reposer sans être dérangé. Si vous souhaitez cuisiner, la cuisine est neuve et toute équipée. La salle de bain quant à elle, est séparée de la pièce principale. 	Situé dans un quartier prestigieux de la rive gauche, ce studio récemment rénové vous offre une situation idéale pour découvrir Paris. À une centaine de mètres des quais de Seine, vous accéderez facilement aux moyens de mobilité que vous souhaitez. Situé dans une rue très calme, où sont concentrées beaucoup d'institutions officielles et politiques, vous pourrez vous reposer sans être dérangé. Si vous souhaitez cuisiner, la cuisine est neuve et toute équipée. La salle de bain quant à elle, est séparée de la pièce principale. Accès au logement entier Tout au long de votre séjour, je serai ravi de vous apporter conseils et renseignements sur la ville de Paris, où je suis né. Sur la rive gauche de Paris non loin du pont de la concorde, vous aurez une position centrale pour accéder aux lieux historiques de la capitale. Le septième arrondissement, bordé par la Seine, s'étend de la tour Eiffel jusqu'aux Invalides, en passant par le musée Rodin. Les quais de Seine, interdits aux voitures en ét
2889		Spacious recently renovated Appartment in the 7th district. 5 mins walk from Ecole Militere, Eiffel Tower and Rue Cler 5th floor with Elevator, 2 separate bedrooms and a spacious living room. kitchen and full bath.  Cable TV and High-speed internet included families or friends welcome. Non Smoking, No Pets Cable TV High Speed Wifi Washer /Dryer The kitchen and the Bathroom are of a good size compared to other Parisian apartments but they could be more functional (next round of refreshing) I'm bias, I lived in that neighborhood for 8 years and I met the love of my life in this building so... Got to say: I love everything about the neighborhood... The apartment is couple of minutes away from Metro Ecole Militaire and less than 1/2 mile from metro La Motte picquet Multiple bus lines stop down Ghenwa street and a taxi station is around the corner. Being close to Champs de Mars there are many public parking space but  The coolest thing:  3 VLIB stations within 5 mins walk. 1 is just down th
2890	Situé à deux pas du Champs de Mars et de la rue Cler (rue piétonne avec nombreux commerces et restaurants), ce studio de charme, très fonctionnel, avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel est parfait pour votre séjour au cœur de Paris !	Situé à deux pas du Champs de Mars et de la rue Cler (rue piétonne avec nombreux commerces et restaurants), ce studio de charme, très fonctionnel, avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel est parfait pour votre séjour au cœur de Paris ! Situé à deux pas du Champs de Mars et de la rue Cler (rue piétonne avec nombreux commerces et restaurants), ce studio de charme, très fonctionnel, avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel est parfait pour votre séjour au cœur de Paris ! - rue calme pleine de charme - appartement tout proche Champs de Mars (2 min à pieds) - nombreux commerces de proximité  - nombreux petits cafés et restaurants aux alentours - à proximité des Invalides - proche des quais de seine (pour vos promenades sur la partie piétonne)  - métro École Militaire (ligne 8) (5 min à pieds) - proche métro motte piquet grenelle (ligne 8, 6 et 10)  (10 min à pieds) - proche métro Alma Marceau (ligne 9) (10 min à pieds) - station de vélib et station de taxi 
2891	 Situé dans un immeuble ancien, au premier étage, sans ascenceur, comportant : une petite entrée, une kitchenette équipée, une salle d'eau avec WC, un séjour équipé d'un canapé-lit  confortable  et d'une table dinatoire.  Nombreux petits restaurants à proximité.	 Situé dans un immeuble ancien, au premier étage, sans ascenceur, comportant : une petite entrée, une kitchenette équipée, une salle d'eau avec WC, un séjour équipé d'un canapé-lit  confortable  et d'une table dinatoire.  Nombreux petits restaurants à proximité. Appartement complet indépendant Par mail, SMS, téléphone Au coeur du très chic 7e arrondissement, entre la Tour Eiffel et l'Hôtel des Invalides,à deux pas de la rue Clerc et de son célèbre marché,  des Champs-Elysées, du point de départ pour  la traversée de Paris en bateau mouche, du grand palais et du musée d'Orsay, votre pied à terre de 21m2 vous accueille.  Vous pourrez rejoindre très facilement les principaux monuments et musées de Paris, en bus, métro, RER, batobus, vélib', ou même à pieds. Métro : Tour Maubourg ou Invalides, RER C station Invalides. Le prix indiqué comporte le ménage avant votre arrivée et après votre départ.
2892	Even Monet would be jealous of the light and the gardens. This unique atelier, located on the ground floor off of the serene second courtyard, has a wall of windows the length of the apartment!  The ground floor location makes it easy to move in and out whether you are lugging suitcases or juggling a baguette and a bottle of wine. You'll enjoy the spacious kitchen while relaxing with your morning cafe au lait and croissant.  Buy your croissant from Le Moulin de la Vierge, just around the corner on rue Saint Dominique, a bustling and charming venue for cafes and boutiques. Then head to your local market, which by the way, is the world famous Rue Cler. Rue Cler is truly a feast for all your senses where everything from flowers to foie gras is at your fingertips. A must 'detour' is to Stephane Secco on rue Jean Nicot--better bread may not exist anywhere. Additional Sites: Turn right out of the apartment and within 5 minutes you'll enter the Esplanade des Invalides, one of the city's large	Charming Atelier-Style apartment in the Eiffel Tower District! Even Monet would be jealous of the light and the gardens. This unique atelier, located on the ground floor off of the serene second courtyard, has a wall of windows the length of the apartment!  The ground floor location makes it easy to move in and out whether you are lugging suitcases or juggling a baguette and a bottle of wine. You'll enjoy the spacious kitchen while relaxing with your morning cafe au lait and croissant.  Buy your croissant from Le Moulin de la Vierge, just around the corner on rue Saint Dominique, a bustling and charming venue for cafes and boutiques. Then head to your local market, which by the way, is the world famous Rue Cler. Rue Cler is truly a feast for all your senses where everything from flowers to foie gras is at your fingertips. A must 'detour' is to Stephane Secco on rue Jean Nicot--better bread may not exist anywhere. Additional Sites: Turn right out of the apartment and within 5 minutes yo
2893	This apartment is for the guest with highest of standards:   1) Location: just one block away from the Champ de Mars/Eiffel Tower, the infamous Rue Cler outdoor market, the beautiful Ecole Militaire, shopping streets St Dominique and Grenelle, 10 minutes on foot to the Seine river and Hotel des Invalides, and 15 minutes by metro to all the other main Paris attractions.  There are literally hundreds of shops, restaurants, brasseries, bakeries, fromageries all within walking distance. 2) Flat: spacious and immaculate, newly remodeled, all high quality finishings and furniture, and that view of the Eiffel Tower which sparkles the first ten minutes of each hour after dark until 1am.   3) Concierge: we are available 24/7 for any question, reservation, transport service, recommendation, etc. Upon entering the apartment, you will step into the great room: living room, dining room and kitchen.  The three windows across the front provide lots of natural light.  The living room has seating for t	Watch the Eiffel Tower sparkle at night from your living room windows.  Grab wine/cheese from nearby Rue Cler market, walk to the Champ de Mars for your evening picnic. From the cafe terrace outside, watch the Parisian world go by. Une belle vie! This apartment is for the guest with highest of standards:   1) Location: just one block away from the Champ de Mars/Eiffel Tower, the infamous Rue Cler outdoor market, the beautiful Ecole Militaire, shopping streets St Dominique and Grenelle, 10 minutes on foot to the Seine river and Hotel des Invalides, and 15 minutes by metro to all the other main Paris attractions.  There are literally hundreds of shops, restaurants, brasseries, bakeries, fromageries all within walking distance. 2) Flat: spacious and immaculate, newly remodeled, all high quality finishings and furniture, and that view of the Eiffel Tower which sparkles the first ten minutes of each hour after dark until 1am.   3) Concierge: we are available 24/7 for any question, reservati
2894	• Charms of a Parisian apartment in a great location Situated close to the Esplanade des Invalides you are also only a 5 minutes walk from the famous rue Cler market. You can also see the Eiffel tower when you are walking in the street. The apartment (39 square meters - 420 square feet) is located in a charming XIXth Century Parisian building, equipped with an elevator/lift. The very quiet bedroom (with a Queen size bed) is situated on the courtyard side of the apartment. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, 1 toilet, washbasin and a towel heater. You will also find a washing machine and a dryer. The living room and the fully equipped kitchen are located on the street side. A sofa bed will allow you to have a third person (or two children) sleeping in the apartment. To ensure your comfort, the apartment has central heating and fans for the summer. The apartment is equipped with a flat screen color TV with cable in the living room, DVD and a phone that can call anywhere and a high-sp	• Charms of a Parisian apartment in a great location Situated close to the Esplanade des Invalides you are also only a 10 minute walk from the famous rue Cler market. You can also see the Eiffel tower when you are walking in the street. The apartmen • Charms of a Parisian apartment in a great location Situated close to the Esplanade des Invalides you are also only a 5 minutes walk from the famous rue Cler market. You can also see the Eiffel tower when you are walking in the street. The apartment (39 square meters - 420 square feet) is located in a charming XIXth Century Parisian building, equipped with an elevator/lift. The very quiet bedroom (with a Queen size bed) is situated on the courtyard side of the apartment. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, 1 toilet, washbasin and a towel heater. You will also find a washing machine and a dryer. The living room and the fully equipped kitchen are located on the street side. A sofa bed will allow you to have a third person (or two childre
2895	Propre Bien situé Pratique	I can offer you a rate more attractive if you book at least for two nights consecutive !! Un appartement propre, refait à neuf et lumineux ! Quatier très agréable toutes commodités (supérette, boulanger, primeur, boucher, poissonnier, fromager, etc) Proche métro (ligne8) Déco minimaliste -> en cours d'aménagement donc prix attractifs Propre Bien situé Pratique Acces privé a votre chambre et votre salle de bain (WC inclus) Salon et cuisine à partager Si vous êtes dans ma chambre c'est que je n'y suis pas a priori. Echange par mail, telephone peu importe =) Joli et calme, ce quartier permet d'avoir la majorité des choses nécessaires à proximité immédiate Ligne 8: la tour maubourg ou ecole militaire à 2 minutes à pied, très pratique Nous vivons à deux dans cet appartement en colocation et tout se passe pour le mieux Vous aurez peut etre à partager la cuisine avec mon coloc  Cette chambre que vous allez habiter pour quelques temps est aussi la mienne et il y aura des affaires personnelles 
2896	"My appartment is not huge but it's cute and as some of my non-french friends say it's ""very frenchie"". I really hope you like it !"	"30m2 charming appartment at the Eiffel Tower with a separate kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, a washing machine and a main room with a sofa bed and a double bed. The building is pretty. My non-french friends say it's "" very frenchy and cozy !"" :) My appartment is not huge but it's cute and as some of my non-french friends say it's ""very frenchie"". I really hope you like it ! I won't be there the whole time BUT I will have access to the internet and I will have my phone with me in case of emergency. Nevertheless,I will be there at the beginning and at the end of your trip. Also, I will be happy to help and give advices :) The area is beautiful :  Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower : 3 min walk Invalides : 10 min walk The Seine : 8 minutes walk There are several, quite famous, restaurants in the street, right down the building. You can also find bakeries, boucheries, grocery stores, pharmacy etc... - There is a paid parking lot right underneath the building. - Bus : (phone number hidden)"
2897	BUILDING  The building is typically Parisian, this is a secure building which dates from the late nineteenth century. It is very well maintained with lots of charms. APARTMENT  Very quiet.  4nd floor withou elevator, the apartment is very calm and clear :  - Fully equipped kitchen: - Bathroom with shower,  - 1st Bed is queen size - 2nd Bed is 1 person DISTRICT  Saint-Germain-des-Prés - Rue du Bac.  The apartment is located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower and jardin du Luxembourg. This is a prestigious neighborhood where you will find the Hotel Matignon, the National Assembly. CULTURE  Within 10-15 minutes walk you will find the Musée d'Orsay, the Musée du quai Branly and the Musée Rodin. OUTPUTS  You will find many restaurants and wine bars in the neighborhood. Raspail bio market takes place two times a week. The incredible and unique fine food store la Grande Epicerie is right next to the apartment so you can enjoy all the amenities. Also at 5 sec walk	Appartement ancien de 28 m2 loi carré  (38 m2 au sol), Très clair. Très calme 2 pièces ouvertes. Beaucoup de charme ! 4ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur. Situé dans le merveilleux et très central quartier du 7 arrondissement de Paris. BUILDING  The building is typically Parisian, this is a secure building which dates from the late nineteenth century. It is very well maintained with lots of charms. APARTMENT  Very quiet.  4nd floor withou elevator, the apartment is very calm and clear :  - Fully equipped kitchen: - Bathroom with shower,  - 1st Bed is queen size - 2nd Bed is 1 person DISTRICT  Saint-Germain-des-Prés - Rue du Bac.  The apartment is located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower and jardin du Luxembourg. This is a prestigious neighborhood where you will find the Hotel Matignon, the National Assembly. CULTURE  Within 10-15 minutes walk you will find the Musée d'Orsay, the Musée du quai Branly and the Musée Rodin. OUTPUTS  You will find many resta
2898	Tiny but beautiful space with Eiffel tower as the only think you see through the window! Eiffel tower is literally 3 minutes away, metro, buses and shops are all around. You will have to love it! Completely equipped: single bed, fridge, cooker, microwave, shower...  The room is on the 5th floor of a nice Paris building, without lift. Champs de Mars, Eiffel tower, Trocadero - everything is just minutes away. It is ideally positioned, whether you are in Paris for work or for leisure!  The neighborhood is full of small (and not so small) restaurants and cafes, French, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Indian, and so on. The famous Champs de Mars is just behind the building - seconds away. Eiffel tower is 3 minutes away, and completely visible from the room window. All shops are minutes away, some of them open until midnight or later. Many bus stops are around, leading you to other fun Paris places, like Montmartre, le Marais, and so on. The neariest metro station, only 5 minutes away, is Ecole 	Tiny but beautiful space with Eiffel tower as the only think you see through the window! Eiffel tower is literally 3 minutes away, metro, buses and shops are all around. You will have to love it! Completely equipped: single bed, fridge, cooker, microwave, shower...  The room is on the 5th floor of a nice Paris building, without lift. Champs de Mars, Eiffel tower, Trocadero - everything is just minutes away. It is ideally positioned, whether you are in Paris for work or for leisure!  The neighborhood is full of small (and not so small) restaurants and cafes, French, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Indian, and so on. The famous Champs de Mars is just behind the building - seconds away. Eiffel tower is 3 minutes away, and completely visible from the room window. All shops are minutes away, some of them open until midnight or later. Many bus stops are around, leading you to other fun Paris places, like Montmartre, le Marais, and so on. The neariest metro station, only 5 minutes away, is Ecole 
2899	The Carré des Antiquaires is an apartment situated on the third floor of a beautiful, co-owned property that is elegant and very peaceful. This fantastic 60m2 apartment offers visitors a contemporary and baroque atmosphere made up of a hall and open-style kitchen with bar, that is perfect for entertaining guests over a glass of wine. The dining room comfortably sits six people and the large lounge is fitted with a sofa bed (bed for two people with 12cm mattress), an individual sofa bed (bed for one with 12 cm mattress), television and WIFI, Ipod station, internet access, a study-type corner to organize city visits, another room with full French charm, bathroom and separate toilet. 	The Carré des Antiquaires is an apartment situated on the third floor of a beautiful, co-owned property that is elegant and very peaceful. This fantastic 60m2 apartment offers visitors a contemporary and baroque atmosphere made up of a hall and open-style kitchen with bar, that is perfect for entertaining guests over a glass of wine. The dining room comfortably sits six people and the large lounge is fitted with a sofa bed (bed for two people with 12cm mattress), an individual sofa bed (bed for one with 12 cm mattress), television and WIFI, Ipod station, internet access, a study-type corner to organize city visits, another room with full French charm, bathroom and separate toilet.  The apartment is an ideal location for guests to go out and explore Paris, with some of the city’s most important attractions just a short stroll away including Notre Dame (15 minutes), the Musée du Louvre (10 minutes), Pont Neuf (5 minutes) or the possibility to go shopping in the famous Boulevards de Saint
2900	The apartment is situated in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, in the heart of historic Paris. What's fantastic with this place is that everything is at walking distance	Gorgeous 1 bedroom ensuite located in a historic 17th century townhouse. The apartment is bathed in sunshine, has just been renovated by an interior designer, and is fully furnished with high-end designer furniture. You'll be 2 minutes away form boulevard Saint Germain, 3 minutes away from the Musée d'Orsay, 5 minutes away from the Louvre and the Tuileries, which are just across the River, 15 minutes away from the Marais or the Jardin du Luxembourg, whether you're like to go shopping or take a walk.
2901	Small room located in Bac Saint-Germain on the sixth floor. Very nice view, WC on the landing. Ideal for a person wishing to discover Paris time for a short stay. Metro and bus nearby.	Small room located in Bac Saint-Germain on the sixth floor. Very nice view, WC on the landing. Ideal for a person wishing to discover Paris time for a short stay. Metro and bus nearby.
2902	 6 eme et asc à côté de la tour eiffel	Emplacement Tour Eiffel  6 eme et asc à côté de la tour eiffel Un canapé lit et une salle de douche wc S'is le souhaitent Très touristique et bien situé Surtout des bus. Sinon RER ou métro Pas de cuisine. Donc c'est juste un pied à terre 
2903	In the heart of Paris, one of the best location you could find if you plan to discover what being a Parisian really means!	"My apartment has a big bedroom/lounge with a single bed and a sofa-bed. You also have a small kitchen and bathroom in separate rooms. My place is clean and in the heart of the historical district of Paris (Le Louvre & Saint-Germain-dès-Prés) In the heart of Paris, one of the best location you could find if you plan to discover what being a Parisian really means! Wifi Bluetooth speaker  kitchen with food (pastas, snacks,...) bathroom with towels and shampoo washing machine Kitchen sofa bed singe bed I do my best to meet my guests expectations. Do not hesitate to ask me anything that could help you to organise your stay. Really close to the lovely district of Saint-Germain-des-Prés (said to be the lovers place) , the Pont des Arts and the Louvre. The Eiffel Tower is quite close as well (20 min walking) Metro line number 12 - stop ""Rue du Bac"" Bus Taxi wifi password: check on the box"
2904		Extremelly well located apartment, in central Paris by foot at: - 5 minutes from Champ de Mars, Eiffel Tower - 1 minute from Invalides - 3 minutes from the Seine banks The apartment (50 square meter) is completely brand new and has been completely renovated.
2905		Charmant appartement 35 m2 situé à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel dans le 7e arrondissement, avec terrasse aménagée avec vue, chambre séparée, salon, sdb, cuisine équipée, salon (canapé lit), Proche Ecole Militaire, Invalides, rue cler, commerces.
2906	Charming 30m2 square for a couple ( 140 large bed) in the most famous area in Paris ; Near Invalides, Champs Elysées, Place de la Concorde 	Quiet, modern 30m2 flat for  a couple +1  at the at the second floor an old small buiding . Near American University in Paris, place de la Concorde, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower Charming 30m2 square for a couple ( 140 large bed) in the most famous area in Paris ; Near Invalides, Champs Elysées, Place de la Concorde  Easy acces from Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport  ( Opéra railwails station at 15 minutes from Invalides  ) and Orly Airports ( direct  Invalides ) by Air France bus I can exchange by mail and phone with guests about museum , architectural  visit ,  restaurant etc 
2907	Cet appartement est idéalement situé au coeur de Paris dans le 7 ème arrondissement. Proche de la Tour Eiffel, 10 min à pied, le quartier possède de nombreux restaurants, boutiques françaises et de bars. L'appartement est très calme, au dernier étage donc pas de bruit ni de (website hidden) est très lumineux. Le seul inconvénient de l'appartement est qu'il n'y a pas d'ascenseur et 6 étages à monter. Une question d'habitude et surtout le meilleur moyen de garder la forme.	Un appartement au cœur du 7e arrondissement , 10 min de la Tour Eiffel, au dernier étage avec une vue superbe sur la coupole des invalides. Appartement très calme et lumineux dans un quartier vivant et plein de charmes. Idéal pour les couples !       Cet appartement est idéalement situé au coeur de Paris dans le 7 ème arrondissement. Proche de la Tour Eiffel, 10 min à pied, le quartier possède de nombreux restaurants, boutiques françaises et de bars. L'appartement est très calme, au dernier étage donc pas de bruit ni de (website hidden) est très lumineux. Le seul inconvénient de l'appartement est qu'il n'y a pas d'ascenseur et 6 étages à monter. Une question d'habitude et surtout le meilleur moyen de garder la forme. L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine fonctionnelle qui permet de cuisiner ou de déguster des plats maisons. L'internet est très rapide (Fibre optique) et permet de naviguer très facilement. Je serais 24/24 à l'écoute des voyageurs pour leur rendre service et faire en sorte 
2908	You will settled down in my 1 bedroom appartement of 50sqm located in the very exclusive Paris antique shops disctrict by the river. An extra comfortable mattress can be installed for a child (or adult) if necessary. The appartment is surrounded by courtyards which garantees quietness day and night. The living room has everything needed to feel home. You can sit in the couch facing a furnished bookcase, a flat-screen TV and a decorated wall. Behind you, discreet closets embedded in the wall hidden by mirrors. On your right, the window is showing on a another courtyard. Following the living room, you will find the kitchen and shower room. A very friendly concierge is living in the building to ensure maintenance and security. The location is in the heart of Paris and a walking distance for these venues : - Musée du Louvre (5min) - Musée D'Orsay (3min) - Saint Germain des Prés (10min) - Invalides (10min) - Place de la Concorde (8min) - Avenue des Champs Elysées (15min) - Arc de Triomphe (	My appartment is 50sqm sized and located in the very exclusive antique shops districts of the river bank of Paris. The building is located in a beautiful courtyard which will garantee you quietness. The location is ideal for visiting or wandering. You will settled down in my 1 bedroom appartement of 50sqm located in the very exclusive Paris antique shops disctrict by the river. An extra comfortable mattress can be installed for a child (or adult) if necessary. The appartment is surrounded by courtyards which garantees quietness day and night. The living room has everything needed to feel home. You can sit in the couch facing a furnished bookcase, a flat-screen TV and a decorated wall. Behind you, discreet closets embedded in the wall hidden by mirrors. On your right, the window is showing on a another courtyard. Following the living room, you will find the kitchen and shower room. A very friendly concierge is living in the building to ensure maintenance and security. The location is in
2909	The fact that the appartment is on a garden makes of it an exceptionnel place to stay in Paris: very central, very close to the Invalides, next to Alexandre III bridge, close to Petit Palais and Grand Palais, close to Champ de Mars, the Eiffel Tower... and at the same the place is quiet, calm and has something of the countryside that is very resting when you go back home after a tiring day walking and visiting Paris. We have loved living there and we are still very attached to the place. Ideal for a couple!	A two rooms appartment (one bedroom + one living-room) of 45m2 fully renovated and very quiet , with terrace on garden. A little jewel in the heart 7th area of Paris between Invalides and champ de Mars, close to the Eiffel Tower... The fact that the appartment is on a garden makes of it an exceptionnel place to stay in Paris: very central, very close to the Invalides, next to Alexandre III bridge, close to Petit Palais and Grand Palais, close to Champ de Mars, the Eiffel Tower... and at the same the place is quiet, calm and has something of the countryside that is very resting when you go back home after a tiring day walking and visiting Paris. We have loved living there and we are still very attached to the place. Ideal for a couple! You'll have access to the whole place except a part of the library, and the central part of the white furniture, you'll still have lots of sape to tidy up your stuff.... The terrace is private , so you can spend time tuer, coffee, breakfast.... On the oth
2910	100 METRES EIFFEL TOWER VERY SELECT DISTRICT IN FRONT OF MUSEUM ART PREMIERS QUAI BRANLY 90 SQUARE METRE BIG LIVING ROOM (35 M2 WHITH OPEN KITCHEN) 3 ROOMS 8 m2  1 BIG BATHROOM (8 M2) SEPARATE WC VERY CLEAR AND QUIET  VERY BEAUTYFUL VIEW IN THE GARDEN OF PARIS SACRE COEUR AND EIFFEL TOWER	100 METRES EIFFEL TOWER VERY SELECT DISTRICT IN FRONT OF MUSEUM ART PREMIERS QUAI BRANLY 90 SQUARE METRE BIG LIVING ROOM (35 M2 WHITH OPEN KITCHEN) 3 ROOMS 8 m2  1 BIG BATHROOM (8 M2) SEPARATE WC VERY CLEAR AND QUIET  VERY BEAUTYFUL VIEW IN THE GARDEN OF PARIS SACRE COEUR AND EIFFEL TOWER TOUR EIFFEL / MUSÉE DU QUAI BRANLY /MUSÉE D'ART MODERNE DE LA VILLE DE PARIS / BERGES DE SEINES /GRAND PALAIS /MUSÉE D'ORSAY / TROCADERO/CHAMPS DE MARS/CHAMPS ELYSEES/AVENUE MONTAIGNE METRO ALMA MARCEAU RER PONT DE L'ALMA BUS (phone number hidden)
2911	Nice Flat with 1 bedroom and a sofa bed. ( 2 people ) The kitchen has oven, microwave, wash machine, coffee machine. There is Internet wifi, nice home cinema (bose) It is a very calme flat, there is no noise all whereas you are 100m from the busy area champs Elysée.	"A beautiful apartment 50 meter from Champs Elysees.  All good restaurant in rue Marbeuf is just 30 meter from this (website hidden) and clubing in this area is the best in Paris. This apartment has the best location in Paris, between Champs Elysees, Avenue Montaigne and Avenue George V... You can do shopping, and enjoy this area only by walking.....there are Arc de Triomphe, la Concorde, Eiffel Tower, avenue de Champs Elysees, Avenue Montaigne, avenue George V, Invalides. 10 minutes walking to the Grand Palais.....la Seine"" bateaux mouches"" tour de paris with the boat through la seine and 30 minutes walking to le Louvre and 45 minutes walking to Cathedrale Notre Dame de Paris and Hotel de Ville.  If you use the metro ( subway ) is just 10 minutes to the le Louvre museum and 15 minutes to the Cathedral Notre Dame de Paris. The metro Franklin d Roosevelt line 1 and line 9, is just 50 meter away from the apartment.The Franprix French supermarket is just 30 meters away. I provided the clea"
2912	This charming 83 square meters , 2 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue de l Universite in the 7th arrondissement just next to the Invalides in a prestigious area, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom, concierge.	This charming 83 square meters , 2 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue de l Universite in the 7th arrondissement just next to the Invalides in a prestigious area, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom, concierge.
2913	Ce logement peut accueillir deux personnes, bien que petite cette chambre comporte tous les équipements nécessaires à un séjour dans la plus belle ville du monde! 	Petit 10m2 au coeur de Paris dans le 7ème arrondissement, parquets et moulures haussmanniennes au plafond vous feront revivre les années 50 qui ont animé ce quartier.  Ce logement peut accueillir deux personnes, bien que petite cette chambre comporte tous les équipements nécessaires à un séjour dans la plus belle ville du monde!  Petit coin kitchenette, douche privative, toilettes sur le palier, évier/lavabo, clic-clac deux places, vaisselle, cette chambre est un point de chute pour profiter pleinement de Paris en économisant sur le prix d'un logement classique. I speak french and english fluently, un poco de espanol 和可以说汉语一点！  Commerces de proximité, cafés et musées (Musée du Louvre à 10 minutes, Palais de Tokyo, Grand Palais, Quai Branly...), les Invalides, École Militaire et bien sûr la Tour Eiffel!  Métro Invalides, ligne 8, 13, RER C à 10 minutes de l'appartement
2914		Right in the center of Paris, in a quiet street, on the 5th floor of a 18th century building our 22sqm studio apartment fits two. A few blocks from St Germain-des-Prés, Café de Flore and Sciences-Po University. The Louvre is across the river Seine. No elevator Kitchen fully equiped / towels / sheets / cover / washing machine for clothes / Heating / tv / free wifi / free water / electricity is a charge for the guest ( more than 1 week stay ) Metro stations : - St Germain - Rue du Bac - Musée d'Orsay Many buses going everywhere in Paris Well equipped kitchen. Washing machine. No elevator.
2915	Located in a very safe and quiet, our apartment is very bright (5th floor facing south) and offers an exceptional view of the Eiffel Tower.	The appartement, welcoming and cozy, comfortably sleeps two people. Located in the heart of the capital, you can go anywhere in Paris thanks to its proximity to the means of transport. Restaurants, bars nearby, quiet street, good exposure, kitchen! Located in a very safe and quiet, our apartment is very bright (5th floor facing south) and offers an exceptional view of the Eiffel Tower. Guests have access to all parts of the apartment.  Flexible check in chek out can be arranged if possible The bedroom is the courtyard , very quiet . The kitchen is fully equipped and the living room, dining room are very comfortable ! On arrival , we will provide linens and towels. For the equipment of the apartment : - Kitchen: dishwasher , washing machine , microwave , electric kettle, coffee machine, gas hob and electric fridge, freezer, toaster. - Bathroom : bath, washbasin, hairdryer. Iron and ironing board in the toilet. In the living / dining room : a dining table for 6 people , sofa, armchair, T
2916	Located in the very safe and residential city (7th district), 5 minutes walk from the Champs de Mars garden and the Eiffel Tower. This bright 75 square meters 2 bedroom apartment is located on the fourth floor of a building with elevator. There are large windows and balcony with stunning views of Paris monuments such as the Trocadero and faces the Eiffel Tower. A comfortable king size bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the blue room offer space for 4 people. The apartment is elegantly decorated, with plenty of storage space, a flat screen TV with HD channels and unlimited high speed internet. Free phone calls to USA, CANADA, ENGLAND, ITALY, SPAIN, AUSTRALIA. This Parisian apartment has a kitchen which includes, oven, induction hob, large fridge and freezer, double sink and cupboards, a washing machine, an iron, vacuum cleaner, coffee maker and toaster, crockery dinner and room service as well as linens and towels.Also has a hairdryer and amenities such as soaps, shampoos, gloves, lau	Located in the very safe and residential city (7th district), 5 minutes walk from the Champs de Mars garden and the Eiffel Tower. This bright 75 square meters 2 bedroom apartment is located on the fourth floor of a building with elevator. There are large windows and balcony with stunning views of Paris monuments such as the Trocadero and faces the Eiffel Tower. A comfortable king size bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the blue room offer space for 4 people. The apartment is elegantly decorated, with plenty of storage space, a flat screen TV with HD channels and unlimited high speed internet. Free phone calls to USA, CANADA, ENGLAND, ITALY, SPAIN, AUSTRALIA. This Parisian apartment has a kitchen which includes, oven, induction hob, large fridge and freezer, double sink and cupboards, a washing machine, an iron, vacuum cleaner, coffee maker and toaster, crockery dinner and room service as well as linens and towels.Also has a hairdryer and amenities such as soaps, shampoos, gloves, lau
2917		Vous pouvez venir profiter du quartier de la rue Cler tout en profitant d'une vue exceptionnel sur la tour Eiffel et au calme des arbres et des oiseaux. Appartement au 4ème étage avec ascenseur dans une résidence de standing moderne, calme et soleil
2918	Situé au rez-de chaussé d'un hôtel particulier du XVIIIème siècle entièrement rénové.	"""We are offering a charming apartment in the heart of Paris, in a quiet street, close to shops and metro. Ideally located to visit Paris (10 mins walk to Montparnasse, 15 mins to Orsay Museum and 4 mins from Bon Marche)"""
2919	Studette neuve, moderne et bien décorée.  Petit espace mais très bien organisé.  Lit escamotable 1 place avec un vrai matelas.  Douche et toilettes dans l'appartement.  Kitchenette avec évier / plaque de cuisson / frigo / hotte.  Wifi et TV numérique grand écran. 	Localisation exceptionnelle en plein coeur de Paris, dans un immeuble classé au bord de la Seine.  Visitez les plus beaux monuments de Paris à pied en séjournant dans cette studette bien organisée et sécurisée. Studette neuve, moderne et bien décorée.  Petit espace mais très bien organisé.  Lit escamotable 1 place avec un vrai matelas.  Douche et toilettes dans l'appartement.  Kitchenette avec évier / plaque de cuisson / frigo / hotte.  Wifi et TV numérique grand écran. Check-in possible à toute heure.  Je suis joignable par téléphone et par mail à toute moment. Quartier Concorde - Assemblée Nationale.  Appartement au bord de la Seine, près d'un pont qui mène au Tuileries. Immeuble à une minute du musée du Quai d'Orsay.  15 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées.  15 minutes à pied de Saint Germain des Près  15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel.  15 minutes à pied du musée du Louvre. Métro Solférino / Assemblée Nationale (ligne 12) RER Musée D'Orsay (RER C) Métro Concorde (ligne 1 / 12).
2920	You'll definitively feel you're in the heart of Paris once you'll discover Napoleon's fine gold Dome's Basilica of the Invalides lying right in front of the main entrance of your building. - Your chic and cosy apartment-studio is silent, thanks not only to its situation in the inside courtyard of this cushy and very secure traditional apartment building, moreover you'll share your floor with only one (peaceful) neighbourg. - Fully renovated in a cosy and sophisticated style, very attached ourselves to this heaven of peace, you'll appreciate its charm and facilities.	Directly facing Napoleon's Gold Dome, this unique & secure building is home of your trully cosy, romantic and peacefull studio-apartment. It is surrounded by  terrace-cafés, fancy boutiques, charming markets, parks, museums and top rated restaurants. You'll definitively feel you're in the heart of Paris once you'll discover Napoleon's fine gold Dome's Basilica of the Invalides lying right in front of the main entrance of your building. - Your chic and cosy apartment-studio is silent, thanks not only to its situation in the inside courtyard of this cushy and very secure traditional apartment building, moreover you'll share your floor with only one (peaceful) neighbourg. - Fully renovated in a cosy and sophisticated style, very attached ourselves to this heaven of peace, you'll appreciate its charm and facilities. - Built on an elegant tree-lined boulevard, the building enjoys a stunning unique view over Napoleon's Basilica's golden Invalide's Dome & Museum. - Walking, you'll only need 5
2921	internet, canalsat, des télés dans les chambres, un double salon avec salle a manger qui donne une vue splendide sur les invalides	joli appartement , 90 metres , tres lumineux, tres bien placé , et completement équipé internet, canalsat, des télés dans les chambres, un double salon avec salle a manger qui donne une vue splendide sur les invalides a 100 metres de la tour eiffel, et 20 metres des invalides métrop école militaire a 100 metres, métro invalides a 300 metres, et métro la tour maubourg a 200 metres
2922	Apartment with 2 rooms, fully furnished with wifi internet connection, located in the very heart of Paris near Tour Eiffel (7th arrondissement) in a very quiet street  -1 bedroom with a double bed (real bed) -1 living room with a convertible sofa (1/2 people) and a small convertible blue seat (see the pictures) that you can use as a bed as well and a table to have breakfast/lunch/dinner -a small kitchen and bathroom  Lively area (commercial street nearby with everything you need : rue Cler) Monuments : Tour Eiffel (less than 10 minutes walk), Hotel des Invalides, Ecole Militaire, Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe (15 mn walk), Place de la Concorde and Jardin des Tuileries (15 mn walk) etc... Museums ; Quai d'Orsay, Musee Rodin, Musee du Quai Branly, Musee du Louvre (15 mn walk) etc... Transportation : Metro (8, 13, 12 lines...) and RER Unique location in the heart of Paris!!	Apartment with 2 rooms located in the very heart of Paris near Tour Eiffel (7th arrondissement) in a very quiet street  Lively area (commercial street nearby with everything you need : rue Cler) Unique location in the heart of Paris!! Apartment with 2 rooms, fully furnished with wifi internet connection, located in the very heart of Paris near Tour Eiffel (7th arrondissement) in a very quiet street  -1 bedroom with a double bed (real bed) -1 living room with a convertible sofa (1/2 people) and a small convertible blue seat (see the pictures) that you can use as a bed as well and a table to have breakfast/lunch/dinner -a small kitchen and bathroom  Lively area (commercial street nearby with everything you need : rue Cler) Monuments : Tour Eiffel (less than 10 minutes walk), Hotel des Invalides, Ecole Militaire, Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe (15 mn walk), Place de la Concorde and Jardin des Tuileries (15 mn walk) etc... Museums ; Quai d'Orsay, Musee Rodin, Musee du Quai Branly, Muse
2923	Hearty flat, comfortable, perfect to spend a lovely time in Paris...	Charmant studio en plein cœur de Paris, rue de (website hidden) 6ème étage avec ascenseur, vous pourrez admirer la vue sur la Tour Eiffel, profiter du pied à terre parisien pour vous balader dans le quartier et les rues piétonnes avoisinantes... Proche commerces : boulangeries, primeurs, supermarchés, fleuristes, restaurants... Hearty flat, comfortable, perfect to spend a lovely time in Paris... Metro La Tourg Maubourg (5min) Metro Ecole Militaire (5min) Bus 69  Taxi Station La Tourg Maubourg (5min) Anytime Walking in the champs de mars (parc)   Line 8 / Metro La Tourg Maubourg (5min) Line 8 / Metro Ecole Militaire (5min) Bus 69  Taxi Station La Tourg Maubourg (5min)
2924	beautiful flat of 37 m2 in the  prestigious 7th district at the foot of the Eiffel tower(view on it in every rooms).  the flat is on the 6th and last floor( very quiet) with elevator. It is full renovated.  Very modern and confortable (email hidden)ere are one livingroom, one bedroom, one separeted fully equiped kitchen and one bathroom. The sofa is convertible as a bed for a third personn.	beautiful flat of 37 m2 in the  prestigious 7th district at the foot of the Eiffel tower(view on it in every rooms).  the flat is on the 6th and last floor( very quiet) with elevator. It is full renovated.  Very modern and confortable (email hidden)ere are one livingroom, one bedroom, one separeted fully equiped kitchen and one bathroom. The sofa is convertible as a bed for a third personn. In the 7th district. At the foot of the Eiffel Tower. Very central location. very close to every touristic places (tour Eiffel, invalides, trocadero, champs elysées). 
2925	Newly renovated fully equiped flat on the 5th floor with a lift, perfect for a group of four, family or friends. The balcony offers a direct view to the Eiffel tower and to the Champ de Mars.  The flat is extremely calm and filled with light. There is a dedicated bedroom while the living-room can be used as a second bedroom.	Newly renovated fully equiped flat in a secure historical building, 5 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower. Located on the 5th floor with a lift, it is perfect for a couple but can accomodate up to four people for a few days. Newly renovated fully equiped flat on the 5th floor with a lift, perfect for a group of four, family or friends. The balcony offers a direct view to the Eiffel tower and to the Champ de Mars.  The flat is extremely calm and filled with light. There is a dedicated bedroom while the living-room can be used as a second bedroom. Once your are there, this is your flat and you should feel at home. There is  all you need for the day to day life. I always do my best to welcome my guests in person, and when it is not possible, you will be meeting one of my relatives. I remain always available by mail, phone, text message, to answer your questions, about the flat or about your stay in Paris in general. Restaurants, cafes as well as transportations are at hand. The Champ de Ma
2926	Checkin time is at 4pm because the apt needs to be cleaned up for you. I'm sorry but it's not possible to drop the luggage before that time. The apartment has been completely renovated from the floor to the ceiling in 2013. The building has been also completely renovated. The apt is 323ft2 or 30 sqm.  Cosy, quiet, and ideally located: you will find yourself at home in the very heart of Paris. The apartment has : • 1 Large Bedroom Double bed for 2 persons • 1 Full Kitchen • 1 Cute little Bathroom • 1 Restrooms • Free High-speed internet Wifi and Cable TV • All bed linen is provided.  Considered by many to be the safest neighborhood in Paris, the place is very Quiet, Calm and Secure.  It's easy to get used to it and sleep well. The apartment is in a very Safe building and Secure street.  The apartment is very sunny with a total of 6 windows just completely renovated.  It's on the 5th floor. No elevator but it's a good exercice :-). Cleaning is done by my Housemaid before and after your s	Lovely Parisian apartment located in the very heart of Paris in Saint-Germain-Des-Prés. 5 min walk from the Louvre & Le Bon Marché :-) Checkin time is at 4pm because the apt needs to be cleaned up for you. I'm sorry but it's not possible to drop the luggage before that time. The apartment has been completely renovated from the floor to the ceiling in 2013. The building has been also completely renovated. The apt is 323ft2 or 30 sqm.  Cosy, quiet, and ideally located: you will find yourself at home in the very heart of Paris. The apartment has : • 1 Large Bedroom Double bed for 2 persons • 1 Full Kitchen • 1 Cute little Bathroom • 1 Restrooms • Free High-speed internet Wifi and Cable TV • All bed linen is provided.  Considered by many to be the safest neighborhood in Paris, the place is very Quiet, Calm and Secure.  It's easy to get used to it and sleep well. The apartment is in a very Safe building and Secure street.  The apartment is very sunny with a total of 6 windows just completel
2927	L'appartement est très calme, il donne sur une cour arborée, dans un bel immeuble de caractère. Nous sommes à l'écart des bruits de la vie parisienne et à la fois au coeur du Paris historique. Vous pouvez sillonner la ville à pied depuis le quartier très commerçant et vivant de Sèvres-Babylone. L'appartement est confortable et bien équipé, il a été remis en peinture très récemment mais conserve le charme de l'ancien.	Charming flat in the center of Paris, between Invalides and Saint-Germain. 10 min walk from the Seine, Musée d'Orsay and Quartier Latin. Luminous and quiet place with a spacious living room, a bedroom and a full-equiped kitchen.  You'll have access to the entire apartment Most of the time, we'll be travelling as well while your stay at our place, but we'll leave a note with full instructions, advices and good addresses we like to share with our guests.  Very authentic neighour with different shops and boutiques. Near the Grands Magasins (Le Bon Marché). You'll find a market place on Tuesday, Saturday and Sunday (Bio and organic day).  5 min walk to Saint-Germain, 10 min walk to the Seine riverbanks, Louvre Museum, Orsay Museum.   Very near metro lines (phone number hidden)), buses and velib' to go anywhere very quickly. It'll you 10 min by metro to reach Montmartre ! Best café place just across the street. Many of the finest restaurants in town are located in the 7th arr. We'll leave o
2928	The apartment is very large and with high ceilings, in the traditional Haussmann style. It is on the 4th story and therefore benefits from a lot of natural light. It is very conveniently located in the heart of Paris, and the neighborhood is very nice: quiet yet with a lot of bakeries, little shops and nice restaurants of all sorts. Guests have their own large bedroom, linked by a small corridor to a private bathroom. The double doors and location in the apartment make it a nicely quiet bedroom. The large window gives it a lot of natural light, opening on an interior courtyard and facing the American Church of Paris. 	Master bedroom, luminous and with private bathroom, in a beautiful 1911 Haussmann typical building The apartment is very large and with high ceilings, in the traditional Haussmann style. It is on the 4th story and therefore benefits from a lot of natural light. It is very conveniently located in the heart of Paris, and the neighborhood is very nice: quiet yet with a lot of bakeries, little shops and nice restaurants of all sorts. Guests have their own large bedroom, linked by a small corridor to a private bathroom. The double doors and location in the apartment make it a nicely quiet bedroom. The large window gives it a lot of natural light, opening on an interior courtyard and facing the American Church of Paris.  Guests can access the kitchen, dining room and living room should they want to. Those are shared places. Breakfast is complimentary: a basket of French croissants or pain au chocolat will be waiting for you every morning in the dining room. We are a family living here all ye
2929	This is a very bright cozy studio in the heart of Paris. Recently remodeled. The best value for the price! The main area has a dining table for 4 (can be expanded for 6), an inactive fireplace, a sofa bed and two windows facing Rue St Dominique  with clear view, letting plenty of light inside.  The sleeping area is behind an open shelf and has a comfortable queen bed (see photo). The separate windowed kitchen is equipped with electric stove, refrigerator, microwave and washer machine. The full bathroom has a small bathtub equipped with shower and a nice cabinet.	Wonderfully located studio in the heart of 7th arrondissement. 5 min walk from Tour Eiffel, Invalides and the famous Rue Cler street market. Plenty of restaurants, cafe and stores in the neighborhood. The perfect solution for your stay in Paris! Wifi This is a very bright cozy studio in the heart of Paris. Recently remodeled. The best value for the price! The main area has a dining table for 4 (can be expanded for 6), an inactive fireplace, a sofa bed and two windows facing Rue St Dominique  with clear view, letting plenty of light inside.  The sleeping area is behind an open shelf and has a comfortable queen bed (see photo). The separate windowed kitchen is equipped with electric stove, refrigerator, microwave and washer machine. The full bathroom has a small bathtub equipped with shower and a nice cabinet. High speed WiFi is available included in the price. At check in and check out The apartment is charmingly located  two blocks from Rue Cler, one of the most authentic market street
2930		bienvenue dans le très prestigieux quartier parisien de la rue cler ! Ce bel appartement est idéalement situé à 5 mnts à pieds du champs de mars ( Tour Eiffel) , rénové et entièrement equipé ( TV ADSL ,internet ,magnifique salle de bain ...) In 2 minutes from the Metro station : École Militaire ( line 8)
2931	L'appartement se trouve à 50 mètres de Hôtel National des Invalides (qui abrite déjà le musée de l’Armée et le tombeau de Napoléon) symbolise la puissance d’un quartier des Invalides qui réunit le Palais Bourbon, le Champ-de-Mars, Tour Effiel , les musées d’Orsay et Rodin, l’Ecole militaire ou le Pont Alexandre III. Â noter aussi la proximité avec le quartier de la tour Montparnasse 	Je loue pour les week end mon studio de 11m² meublée calme et ensoleillée,3 e étage ascenseur, digicode, vue sur grande cour lit,coin douche et lavabo,  plaques de cuisson four micro onde plaques et frigo nombreux rangements disponibles L'appartement se trouve à 50 mètres de Hôtel National des Invalides (qui abrite déjà le musée de l’Armée et le tombeau de Napoléon) symbolise la puissance d’un quartier des Invalides qui réunit le Palais Bourbon, le Champ-de-Mars, Tour Effiel , les musées d’Orsay et Rodin, l’Ecole militaire ou le Pont Alexandre III. Â noter aussi la proximité avec le quartier de la tour Montparnasse Les WC se trouvent sur le palier (2 WC disponibles) Â noter que le lit est un lit une place mais qu'il est possible de dormir à 2 dedans puisque j'y dors souvent avec une personne. Possibilité de vous fournir un matelas gonflable supplémentaire Il est possible de modifier les heures de départ et d'arrivée en me demandant AVANT la réservation Le quartier est super calme, c'es
2932		Nice and cosy apartment in the famous 7th district of Paris. Only 2min away from public transports and 5min away from the Eiffel tower.  The building is located in a famous pedestrian street with many shops, markets and restaurants. Fully equipped
2933	L'appartement est décoré avec un style rustique mêlant des objets chinés et du mobilier Habitat. J'espère que vous apprécierez !	Vous êtes les bienvenues au sein de mon 2 pièces de 40m2 à proximité de Montparnasse et du Bon Marché. Situé entre Duroc et Vaneau, il bénéficie d'un emplacement privilégié à la frontière du 6ème et 7ème arrondissement.  L'appartement est décoré avec un style rustique mêlant des objets chinés et du mobilier Habitat. J'espère que vous apprécierez ! Vous avez accès à l'ensemble de mon appartement, des équipements et de la nourriture de première nécessité. Sachant que cet appartement n'a pas été acheté à but locatif, j'y réside habituellement. Ainsi, je laisse mes affaires personnelles dans les placards.  Bien entendu, vous y trouverez de la place pour vos propres affaires. Je suis à votre entière disposition lors de votre séjour si besoin est.  Quartier chic et calme. Tous les commerces sont à proximité immédiate avec notamment un excellent fromager, un traiteur italien, un restaurant japonais, la boulangerie Kaiser... Un petit tour au Bon Marché ? Seulement à 6 minutes à pied. A 3 minut
2934	We do accomodate two people in a very comfortable king bed in our bedroom, and another two in our amazing sofa bed - better than most beds we've tried - in the living room. Please note we are living in this apartment and we are just away for the holidays, so everything we own will pretty much still be there. We ask you to be respectful of our belongings and ask before taking anything if you need anything other than mentioned in the ad. The space is exactly fifty square meters - we have a lot of space and we deeply love our apartment. Please be mindful and help us keep it great! IMPORTANT INFORMATION Please note we are renting the apartment for the full week only. Absolutely no-smoking, even at the window. We will retain the deposit should you not conform.	Very central place! Come settle down in our one-bedroom with amazing space. This is where we live. We absolutely love the neighborhood! We would be thrilled to have you stay with us. See you soon! Camille + Matt We do accomodate two people in a very comfortable king bed in our bedroom, and another two in our amazing sofa bed - better than most beds we've tried - in the living room. Please note we are living in this apartment and we are just away for the holidays, so everything we own will pretty much still be there. We ask you to be respectful of our belongings and ask before taking anything if you need anything other than mentioned in the ad. The space is exactly fifty square meters - we have a lot of space and we deeply love our apartment. Please be mindful and help us keep it great! IMPORTANT INFORMATION Please note we are renting the apartment for the full week only. Absolutely no-smoking, even at the window. We will retain the deposit should you not conform. You will have access t
2935	Idéal pour un couple. Studette entièrement équipée. Rue calme mais proches de toutes commodités (boulangerie, restaurant, etc).	"Studette située entre Invalides et la Tour Eiffel. Totalement rénovée et équipée. Frais de ménage/internet : 30 €uros. N’hésitez pas à me faire vos demandes spécifiques et j'essaierai de les combler dans la mesure du possible. Idéal pour un couple. Studette entièrement équipée. Rue calme mais proches de toutes commodités (boulangerie, restaurant, etc). La gare la plus proche est ""Invalides"", à 5 min à pied. Le calme de la rue mais la proximité avec une rue commerçante, entre la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides. Par les transports, Ligne C, arrêt Invalides, 5 minutes à pied du logement. Par Taxi. Par Velib (en location par CB) Etc."
2936	Discover this amazing location 2 minutes from one of the most popular sights of the city: the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. Above all, you are in the heart of the most prestigious area in Paris, between the Trocadéro, the Eiffel Tower, the Champs de Mars and Invalides. More over you are in a district of Paris where you will find many shops and a real and typical parisian market. Your building is located on Avenue de la Motte Picquet. It is a modern and typical parisian building, between authecity and modernity, and you also have a concierge. The building is very clean.The apartment is on the 4th floor. Entirely renovated in 2012, this apartment is very clean, very quiet, and is 52 m2. You enter a small hall, with a small table that can seats 4 people, and have access to the living room with 1 dining table, 1 sofa bed (which can be used as bed and turn into a real double bed) and a little table, TV, and some decorations on the wall (new pictures will soon be done since decoration	Discover this amazing location 2 minutes from one of the most popular sights of the city: the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. Above all, you are in the heart of the most prestigious area in Paris, between the Trocadéro, the Eiffel Tower, the Cha Discover this amazing location 2 minutes from one of the most popular sights of the city: the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. Above all, you are in the heart of the most prestigious area in Paris, between the Trocadéro, the Eiffel Tower, the Champs de Mars and Invalides. More over you are in a district of Paris where you will find many shops and a real and typical parisian market. Your building is located on Avenue de la Motte Picquet. It is a modern and typical parisian building, between authecity and modernity, and you also have a concierge. The building is very clean.The apartment is on the 4th floor. Entirely renovated in 2012, this apartment is very clean, very quiet, and is 52 m2. You enter a small hall, with a small table that 
2937	Installation Living room with dining area, sofabed Balcony Bedrooms(s) Bedroom with double bed Bathroom(s) Bathroom with tub and stall shower, wc in the bathroom Kitchen(s) Fully equipped (electric oven, microwave, 4 electric burners, refrigerator, washing machine) Other supplies TV, high speed internet, phone, hi-fi Specificity Overall excellent quality renovations in Sept. 2009, parquet floor, partial view on the Eiffel tower make this apartment a prime choice for those seeking quiet, bright, central and well equipped. Overlooking a quiet street 	Cosy one bedroom idealy for 2 but 3 or 4 is possible. very central location in a lively neighborough Installation Living room with dining area, sofabed Balcony Bedrooms(s) Bedroom with double bed Bathroom(s) Bathroom with tub and stall shower, wc in the bathroom Kitchen(s) Fully equipped (electric oven, microwave, 4 electric burners, refrigerator, washing machine) Other supplies TV, high speed internet, phone, hi-fi Specificity Overall excellent quality renovations in Sept. 2009, parquet floor, partial view on the Eiffel tower make this apartment a prime choice for those seeking quiet, bright, central and well equipped. Overlooking a quiet street 
2938	L'appartement se trouve au 5e étage sans ascenseur 	Appartement spacieux et moderne situé dans le 7e arrondissement, avec une petite terrasse très agréable pour prendre le petit déjeuner. You walk 5 min and you are at the Eiffel Tower, rue Cler is also famous for its market and restaurants. L'appartement se trouve au 5e étage sans ascenseur
2939	Full apartment with all utilities:  Internet(High speed), TV 65' (+50 chanels), phone, oven, micro-wave, washing machine, iron...  	Nice 1 bedroom flat in an awesome area between Tour Effeil and Invalide, you will find every thing you need (boulangeries, café, pubs; shops...) less than 3min walk.  Enought space to fit 3ppl the flat is perfect for friends or small familly.  Full apartment with all utilities:  Internet(High speed), TV 65' (+50 chanels), phone, oven, micro-wave, washing machine, iron...  At the seventh floor (elevator) Near from the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. 
2940	Our real estate agency is glad to present you this 110 sqm aparment is organized on 2 levels and offers a clever mix of wooden beam and stone vault. The apartment is located in the back of a courtyard in the famous Saint Germain des près district. The upper level offers a very peaceful livingroom with an office and a ceiling covered with wooden beams, a wardrobe but also a bathroom equipped with a bath and bedroom with double bed. Downstairs, you will find a really spacious kitchen fitted with a round table perfect to have breakfast but also a large dining room with a flat screen TV, a DVD player. All that surrounding a very bright patio, perfect for diners in family or with friends. A second and cosy bedroom is located at this floor with its own bathroom and a sight on the patio. Make sure to enjoy a few babyfoot games between two visits of Paris! The apartment is ideally located for museum lovers(Orsay and the Louvre are within a 5 minutes walk) but also for the little streets that m	Our real estate agency is glad to present you this 110 sqm aparment is organized on 2 levels and offers a clever mix of wooden beam and stone vault. The apartment is located in the back of a courtyard in the famous Saint Germain des près district. The upper level offers a very peaceful livingroom with an office and a ceiling covered with wooden beams, a wardrobe but also a bathroom equipped with a bath and bedroom with double bed. Downstairs, you will find a really spacious kitchen fitted with a round table perfect to have breakfast but also a large dining room with a flat screen TV, a DVD player. All that surrounding a very bright patio, perfect for diners in family or with friends. A second and cosy bedroom is located at this floor with its own bathroom and a sight on the patio. Make sure to enjoy a few babyfoot games between two visits of Paris! The apartment is ideally located for museum lovers(Orsay and the Louvre are within a 5 minutes walk) but also for the little streets that m
2941	Apartment on the 7th and last floor with two small balconies - 1 bedroom with double bed and one sofa bed in the lounge Contemporary decor Bathroom with bath fitted kitchen	Apartment on the 7th and last floor with two small balconies - 1 bedroom with double bed and one sofa bed in the lounge Contemporary decor Bathroom with bath fitted kitchen The accommodation is fully available except a closet in which I rangerai my personal business during the stay. I will not be present during the stay. The 7th district is a fashionable central district of Paris with many monuments such as the Eiffel Tower or Invalides. Near metro Duroc (M13 - M10) and Sevres Lecourbe (M6) Velib (bike) and Autolib (car) station nearby
2942	Stay here, you'll be midway between the Invalides Museum (where Napoleon I is buried), the Quai Branly Museum for indigenous art and the Champs de Mars park with the Eiffel Tower. This is a high value residential district that is home to many diplomats, French government administrators, and academics from the nearby American University. It has easy access to transportation with the Ecole Militaire metro station and bus lines 69, 80, 28, and 92. This secret spot is a one bedroom apartment on the street level (with handicapped access). The furnishings are classic antiques with brocante pieces. The main room has an unusual sofa with a pull out section underneath that will configure the sofa into a double bed for two. The décor is a mix of eclectic individual pieces that range from the restoration period to the 1930’s. There is the sofa w/bed backed by a hanging tapestry, a small drop leaf table used as a coffee table, a few antique chairs, a major decorative cabinet from the period after 	 This is a hidden gem of a one bedroom apartment just a few steps from the heart of the legendary Rue Cler pedestrian street made famous by its fresh food shops and Bistros. Stay here, you'll be midway between the Invalides Museum (where Napoleon I is buried), the Quai Branly Museum for indigenous art and the Champs de Mars park with the Eiffel Tower. This is a high value residential district that is home to many diplomats, French government administrators, and academics from the nearby American University. It has easy access to transportation with the Ecole Militaire metro station and bus lines 69, 80, 28, and 92. This secret spot is a one bedroom apartment on the street level (with handicapped access). The furnishings are classic antiques with brocante pieces. The main room has an unusual sofa with a pull out section underneath that will configure the sofa into a double bed for two. The décor is a mix of eclectic individual pieces that range from the restoration period to the 1930’s.
2943	This Magnificent bright apartment of 85m ² is the ideal place for your stay in Paris!  With a ceiling of more than 4 meters high, this place will enchant you with its charm. The apartment can welcome 4 persons. The living room is clear and spacious with big windows, there is also a big and comfortable sofa to relax. The decoration is modern, everything is made in a unique style; the atmosphere can only charm you. There is one big bedroom with a big double bed. A sofa bed which can be transformed into double bed for two in the living room. This apartment is equipped with all the small luxuries which you have maybe at your home(with you): TV, WiFi, etc. … The apartment is very welcoming and will offer you a beautiful stay in Paris! In a modern kitchen and completely equipped you will find all you could need during your stay: washing machine, dish washer, refrigerator, freezer, micro wave, cooker and kettle. There are many cupboards to put your Stuff. There is 1 bathroom in the apartment 	This Magnificent bright apartment of 85m ² is the ideal place for your stay in Paris!  With a ceiling of more than 4 meters high, this place will enchant you with its charm. The apartment can welcome 4 persons. The living room is clear and spacious with big windows, there is also a big and comfortable sofa to relax. The decoration is modern, everything is made in a unique style; the atmosphere can only charm you. There is one big bedroom with a big double bed. A sofa bed which can be transformed into double bed for two in the living room. This apartment is equipped with all the small luxuries which you have maybe at your home(with you): TV, WiFi, etc. … The apartment is very welcoming and will offer you a beautiful stay in Paris! In a modern kitchen and completely equipped you will find all you could need during your stay: washing machine, dish washer, refrigerator, freezer, micro wave, cooker and kettle. There are many cupboards to put your Stuff. There is 1 bathroom in the apartment 
2944	32 m2 studio with full kitchen (inc. dishwasher), full bath (shower) & washing machine.  Bedding for 2 + additional mattress. Dining area and desk.	All the charm of old Europe. Located on the lower level of an historic building, this studio has vaulted ceilings that are more than 3 centuries old... It has been renovated with taste and comfort in mind. The windows open on a private courtyard.    32 m2 studio with full kitchen (inc. dishwasher), full bath (shower) & washing machine.  Bedding for 2 + additional mattress. Dining area and desk. Our studio is ideally located in St-Germain des Près near the Seine river in the heart of Paris. Nearby you will find the Hotel Lutetia, the Bon Marché department store. Many historic places (Le Louvre Museum, Notre-Dame cathedral, the Latin district, Place de la Concorde, Les Champs-Elysées  etc.) are located within walking distance. Metro stations: Sèvres-Babylone, Rue du Bac. PLEASE NOTE: the access stairs are steep and may not be suitable for some people with ambulatory challenges, the studio is located in a  renovated cellar with very high windows facing the courtyard of the building, the b
2945	The studio is located on the 1st floor with an elevator. It Is quiet because it overlooks a courtyard away from the bustle of the streets of Paris. This is ideal for a well deserved rest after a day of sightseeing in Paris. The building is typical parisian (paved courtyard and flowers in summer). The entrance of the building is protected by a digital lock and an efficient housekeepers pair lives on the groundfloor. This is very useful : the building is always clean and secure. Rented fully furnished and equipped, Corinne, the owner wanted to find durint the renovation of the apartment the perfect balance between tradition, comfort and functions. Today, with its modern facilities, its comfortable bedding (very good mattress) and its french look, the studio is the perfect place to welcome you for a holiday in Paris or in your professional assignments . It is made of : - An entrance with full length mirror - A bathroom with large shower, new toilet (not visible in the pictures because not	In a building overlooking the Esplanade des Invalides, this lovely studio was totally renovated one month ago. Cozy, french way of life, completely furnished, everything has been done to make your stay a daydream :) Looking forward to meet you soon ! The studio is located on the 1st floor with an elevator. It Is quiet because it overlooks a courtyard away from the bustle of the streets of Paris. This is ideal for a well deserved rest after a day of sightseeing in Paris. The building is typical parisian (paved courtyard and flowers in summer). The entrance of the building is protected by a digital lock and an efficient housekeepers pair lives on the groundfloor. This is very useful : the building is always clean and secure. Rented fully furnished and equipped, Corinne, the owner wanted to find durint the renovation of the apartment the perfect balance between tradition, comfort and functions. Today, with its modern facilities, its comfortable bedding (very good mattress) and its french 
2946	Design Studio Eiffel Tower / Champs de Mars Studio apartment renovated by architect, ideally located in the Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower area. 1st floor with wide elevator. Secured access. Retractable bed for 2 persons (1,5x2m/ 50x79inches), easy to manipulate, with high quality mattress. Wide shower, toilet and heated towel rail. Shower gel, shampoo and towels are provided. Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, induction plate and fridge. Tableware provided. Closet with safe box. High speed internet, LED TV screen, integrated Bose sound system.	Design Studio Eiffel Tower / Champs de Mars Studio apartment renovated by architect, ideally located in the Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower area. 1st floor with wide elevator. Secured access. Retractable bed for 2 persons (1,5x2m/ 50x79inches), easy to manipulate, with high quality mattress. Wide shower, toilet and heated towel rail. Shower gel, shampoo and towels are provided. Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, induction plate and fridge. Tableware provided. Closet with safe box. High speed internet, LED TV screen, integrated Bose sound system. 'boulangerie', grocery shop (in the building), laundromat and many nice restaurants (i'll give you the right places to go).
2947	My studio offers an exceptional location rue de Sèvres between 6th and 7th arrondissement. To sleep you have a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people, and a mattress that can accommodate an extra person for a few days (see the pictures). The residence is modern (built in 2014) and secured. The accommodation is situated on the courtyard (5th floor) and is extremely quiet. It is equipped with laundry facilities (washing machine + dryer). CLEAN SHEETS AND 2 TOWELS (per person) ARE INCLUDED.  IMPORANT : I can be flexible on the checking and check out time, but it mostly depends if there is another host after you, and his checking in time. SO CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHEN YOU PLANE TO ARRIVE AT THE AIRPORT OR STATION AND ALSO WHEN YOU PLANE TO LEAVE IN YOUR FIRST MESSAGE, THANK'S! I do ask for a security deposit of 150 euros wich is managed by airbnb. This deposit will only be  collected if there is damage when you leave the apartment. If you loose the keys 130 euros will be kept from the deposit.	"22m2 studio located in the 7th arrondissement next to""Le Bon Marché"". 1 sofa-bed and 1 extra matress. Many bars/restaurants (Odéon, Saint-Michel) and cultural activities nearby. Metro at the foot of the building! Apartment secured and very quiet. My studio offers an exceptional location rue de Sèvres between 6th and 7th arrondissement. To sleep you have a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people, and a mattress that can accommodate an extra person for a few days (see the pictures). The residence is modern (built in 2014) and secured. The accommodation is situated on the courtyard (5th floor) and is extremely quiet. It is equipped with laundry facilities (washing machine + dryer). CLEAN SHEETS AND 2 TOWELS (per person) ARE INCLUDED.  IMPORANT : I can be flexible on the checking and check out time, but it mostly depends if there is another host after you, and his checking in time. SO CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHEN YOU PLANE TO ARRIVE AT THE AIRPORT OR STATION AND ALSO WHEN YOU PLANE TO LEAVE IN YO"
2948	2 large bedrooms with 2 bathrooms and 2 WC. Double living room. Two little terraces. 100 sqm of rooms with high ceilings, moldings, french windows, marble chimney and wooden floor (parquet). This apartment located on the 4th floor of a beautiful stone building has been entirely renovated in 2014 with high quality materials.	With excellent location - 1 min walk from Eiffel Tower -  this bright sqm 100 apartment allies elegance of a parisian house and modernity of freshly renewed rooms with high level of comfort & equipment. 2BR / Double living / 4th Floor with Elevator. 2 large bedrooms with 2 bathrooms and 2 WC. Double living room. Two little terraces. 100 sqm of rooms with high ceilings, moldings, french windows, marble chimney and wooden floor (parquet). This apartment located on the 4th floor of a beautiful stone building has been entirely renovated in 2014 with high quality materials.
2949	Cet appartement de 33 m² , 2 pièces , est situé rue du General Bertrand dans le 7ème arrondissement , au 2ème étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle sans ascenseur et il peut accueillir 4 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, un sèche linge, un lave-vaisselle, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité, un lecteur DVD, station Ipod. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. L'immeuble du 19ème siècle sans ascenseur est équipé avec : un code d entrée.	33m2 - 2ème étage sans ascenseur donnant sur un jardin arboré -- Appartement tout confort et tout équipe au cœur du 7eme - 2 pièces avec un chambre indépendante avec lit 2 places 140 x 200 cm, salle d'eau avec douche et WC indépendant. Cuisine américaine toute équipée donnant sur coin salon avec un canapé-lit 120 x 190 cm pour 2 enfants ou 1 adulte + 1 (website hidden), internet, linges de maison fournis, vaisselles. Nombreux rangements. Proches des monuments historiques, métros, bus, vélib et taxis. Cet appartement de 33 m² , 2 pièces , est situé rue du General Bertrand dans le 7ème arrondissement , au 2ème étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle sans ascenseur et il peut accueillir 4 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, un sèche linge, un lave-vaisselle, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité, un lecteur DVD, station Ipod. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. L'immeuble
2950	Bel appartement dans le 7 eme arrondissement de Paris, à 150 mètres de la Tour Eiffel , et à 100 mètres d'invalides, cet appartement est parfait pour une famille, très bien équipé et a proximité de deux stations de métros et d'un arret de bus. L'appartement contient de belles chambres à coucher, avec un balcon. 2 salles de séjour avec un balcon, internet et la télévision y sont intégrées, une cuisine équipée d'un refrégirateur , machine à laver, sèche linge four et microonde .  une vue magnifique sur Invalide depuis la salle de séjour et une chambre à coucher.	Bel appartement dans le 7 eme arrondissement de Paris , à 150 mètres de la Tour Eiffel , et à 100 mètres d'invalides, cet appartement est parfait pour une famille, très bien équipé et a proximité de deux stations de métros et d'un arret de bus. Bel appartement dans le 7 eme arrondissement de Paris, à 150 mètres de la Tour Eiffel , et à 100 mètres d'invalides, cet appartement est parfait pour une famille, très bien équipé et a proximité de deux stations de métros et d'un arret de bus. L'appartement contient de belles chambres à coucher, avec un balcon. 2 salles de séjour avec un balcon, internet et la télévision y sont intégrées, une cuisine équipée d'un refrégirateur , machine à laver, sèche linge four et microonde .  une vue magnifique sur Invalide depuis la salle de séjour et une chambre à coucher. il vous siffura de prendre l'ascenseur est monté au 5eme étage je serai à votre disposition pour vous remettre les clefs et si besoin d'aides supplémentaires. En plein coeur de Paris, l'ap
2951	En plein centre de Paris, proche de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides 	Bonjour, Je vous invite à séjourner dans mon petit studio de 20m. Proche d'Invalides et de la Tour Eiffel. La rue vous offre des commerces, restaurants, cafés ainsi que la rue piétonne à 2min à pied. En plein centre de Paris, proche de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides Vous avez accès au studio entier, avec kitchenette et salle de bain. Je vous laisse un étage ou plus dans le frigo. Moi ou une amie vous laissera les clés, par la suite vous serez libre avec l'appartement Quartier agréable avec beaucoup de commerces. Proche Invalides, Tour Eiffel et grand palais, parfait pour faire du tourisme, Vous pouvez accéder à l'appartement par la ligne 8 arrêt la tour maubourg qui vous amène directement dans le cœur de Bastille et république, ainsi que la ligne 9 arrêt Alma Marceau puis grâce au RER C arrêt pont d'Alma. De nombreux bus sont disponible, le 92 qui vous dépose porte à porte à Montparnasse, parfait pour prendre le train et à l'arc de triomphe ! Le bus 80 qui vous amène près de Montmartr
2952	- You'll definitively feel you're in the heart of Paris once you'll discover Napoleon's fine gold Dome's Basilica of the Invalides lying right in front of the main entrance of your building. - Your chic and cosy apartment-studio is silent, thanks not only to its situation in the inside courtyard of this cushy and very secure traditional apartment building, moreover you'll share your floor with only one (peaceful) neighbourg. - Fully renovated in a cosy and sophisticated style, very attached ourselves to this heaven of peace, you'll appreciate its charm and facilities. 	In a secure building directly facing Napoleon's Gold Dome, this trully romantic, cosy and peaceful newly renovated studio-apartment is surrounded by lots of trendy cafés, top rated restaurants, fancy boutiques, market, park & museum                   - You'll definitively feel you're in the heart of Paris once you'll discover Napoleon's fine gold Dome's Basilica of the Invalides lying right in front of the main entrance of your building. - Your chic and cosy apartment-studio is silent, thanks not only to its situation in the inside courtyard of this cushy and very secure traditional apartment building, moreover you'll share your floor with only one (peaceful) neighbourg. - Fully renovated in a cosy and sophisticated style, very attached ourselves to this heaven of peace, you'll appreciate its charm and facilities. - Reaching your Parisian home from Charles de Gaulle Intl Airport is very easy: - By taxi, cost is around 60 euros. - Catching the Air France bus shuttle is a more affordable
2953	STANDING A classical Parisian building, blocked with a door code for safe access. The Paris apartment is on the third (EU) floor with no elevator. The living room looks onto the street with a nice view of the rooftops of Paris. There is a small view of the Eiffel Tower from the window. The bright apartment rental has brand new double glazed windows, charming wood floors and has been fully renovated. LAYOUT Paris vacation apartment of 35 m2 made up of a living room with an American kitchen. The bedroom is in an alcove, separated from the living room by a curtain. A new settee bed allows additional sleeping space appropriate for a child. The bathroom is separate and has a shower. This Paris apartment rental is very pleasant and has everything necessary to enjoy staying in the city of light.	Conveniently located in the heart of the 7th district of the city, this Paris vacation rental is a few minutes walk from the Eiffel tower and the famous Rue Cler. Has a lovely view of the rooftops of Paris. STANDING A classical Parisian building, blocked with a door code for safe access. The Paris apartment is on the third (EU) floor with no elevator. The living room looks onto the street with a nice view of the rooftops of Paris. There is a small view of the Eiffel Tower from the window. The bright apartment rental has brand new double glazed windows, charming wood floors and has been fully renovated. LAYOUT Paris vacation apartment of 35 m2 made up of a living room with an American kitchen. The bedroom is in an alcove, separated from the living room by a curtain. A new settee bed allows additional sleeping space appropriate for a child. The bathroom is separate and has a shower. This Paris apartment rental is very pleasant and has everything necessary to enjoy staying in the city of 
2954	Je suis ravie de vous suggérer un séjour unique dans notre havre de paix du 7ème Arr, une maison d'artiste-loft de 100 m2 sur 2 étages avec un petit jardin fleuri au coeur de Paris. Située idéalement entre la tour Eiffel et les invalides, la rue Duvivier est parallèle à la rue Cler, rue piétonne et commerçante ( une des plus connues de Paris: restaurants, terrasses, bars, boulangerie, fromager et marché aux fleurs, fruits et légumes). Cette maison d'artiste ( refaite en 2012 ) est un lieu de séjour rêvé pour les familles ou amis ( à proximité des lignes de bus et de métro, école militaire ou latourg maubourg à 100 mètres).Elle se répartie en 2 étages, le rez de chaussée dispose de 2 entrées ( une entrée par le jardin et une autre par la cour), il comprend des toilettes avec lavabo , un grand salon ( 7 places) avec coin bureau dans la bibliothèque avec de grandes baies vitrées qui donne sur la cour-jardin et une cuisine américaine façon loft avec coin repas pour 6 personnes sur un large	Je suis ravie de vous suggérer un séjour unique dans notre havre de paix du 7ème Arr, une maison d'artiste-loft de 100 m2 sur 2 étages avec un petit jardin fleuri au coeur de Paris. Située idéalement entre la tour Eiffel et les invalides, la rue Duvivier est parallèle à la rue Cler, rue piétonne et commerçante ( une des plus connues de Paris: restaurants, terrasses, bars, boulangerie, fromager et marché aux fleurs, fruits et légumes). Cette maison d'artiste ( refaite en 2012 ) est un lieu de séjour rêvé pour les familles ou amis ( à proximité des lignes de bus et de métro, école militaire ou latourg maubourg à 100 mètres).Elle se répartie en 2 étages, le rez de chaussée dispose de 2 entrées ( une entrée par le jardin et une autre par la cour), il comprend des toilettes avec lavabo , un grand salon ( 7 places) avec coin bureau dans la bibliothèque avec de grandes baies vitrées qui donne sur la cour-jardin et une cuisine américaine façon loft avec coin repas pour 6 personnes sur un large
2955	***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is typically Parisian with beams, high ceiling and stony walls.  It is located Rue de Lille in the heart of the Quartier des Antiquaires, well-known for its great Parisian atmosphere, many shops, art galeries, restaurants, and close from cafés and cinemas. This spacious apartment is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. This 40sqm loft offers a large living space with sitting area with comfy Roche Bobois Kenzo Mah Jong sofa (sofa bed for 2 people) and a large flat screen TV, a fully equipped American kitchen with a bar, a bathroom with a bathtub, Internet connection (wifi), and is located on the 2rd floor of a 17th century building (no lift). The night corner is well separated with a 2-people bed. The classic Parisian architecture and atypical interior with stone walls and beams with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘l	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris! Feel the atmosphere of the Ancient time and get lost in Saint Germain-des-Près. Experience the life in Paris in one of the most historical district of the city. ***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is typically Parisian with beams, high ceiling and stony walls.  It is located Rue de Lille in the heart of the Quartier des Antiquaires, well-known for its great Parisian atmosphere, many shops, art galeries, restaurants, and close from cafés and cinemas. This spacious apartment is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. This 40sqm loft offers a large living space with sitting area with comfy Roche Bobois Kenzo Mah Jong sofa (sofa bed for 2 people) and a large flat screen TV, a fully equipped American kitchen with a bar, a bathroom with a bathtub, Internet connection (wifi), and is located on the 2rd floor of a 17th century building (no lift). The night co
2956	This is a beautiful little 1 room studio in the 7:e in the heart of Paris. It is located on the 6th floor without elevator in a charming building close to Rue de Saint Peres, just next to the Musee d'Orsay. The studio is only 10 m2 but it has a double bed and a complete kitchen area with a modern stove, a microwave and a fridge with a freezing compartment 	A charming little studio in the 7:th in the heart of Paris close to Rue des Saint Pères, just next to the Musée d'Orsay. It has room for 2 and has a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with wc and shower. This is a beautiful little 1 room studio in the 7:e in the heart of Paris. It is located on the 6th floor without elevator in a charming building close to Rue de Saint Peres, just next to the Musee d'Orsay. The studio is only 10 m2 but it has a double bed and a complete kitchen area with a modern stove, a microwave and a fridge with a freezing compartment There is a TV and there is WiFi internet. The area is very quiet although it is situated in the centre of Paris. From the studio you can easily walk to the higlights of Paris. Go for a walk along the Seine riverbank, check the locks bridge. Visit the Musee d'Orsay and the Louvre and  Notre Dame. Enjoy the beautiful Jardin de Luxembourg or do some shopping - Le Bon Marché is not to be missed. And you have lots of restaurants and caf
2957	Located on 3rd fl with elevator, it consists of 1 living room, 1 bedroom (double bed), 1 bath, large closed kitchen, all new furniture and appliances. Cable tv, wifi, nespresso machine, washing machine and electric heating.  If you are more than 2 people, there is a sofabed for 2 people (not for everyday sleeping).	38 sqm apt on charming pedestrian street Rue Cler, 5mn walk to the Eiffel Tower.  Located on 3rd fl with elevator, it consists of 1 living room, 1 bedroom (double bed), 1 bath, large closed kitchen, all new furniture and appliances. Cable tv, wifi, nespresso machine, washing machine and electric heating.  If you are more than 2 people, there is a sofabed for 2 people (not for everyday sleeping). Located between Invalides and Ecole Militaire, this is one of the most charming and safe neighborhoods in Paris. Very close to the Eiffel Tower and central to most areas (St Germain des Pres, Champs-Elysees and Musee d'Orsay). The rue Cler market offers you fresh fruit, veggies, cheese, wine, etc. plus there are 3 grocery stores on the street. Lots of restaurants and bars (for all budgets) are within walking distance.  Metro line 8, Ecole Militaire or La Tour Maubourg; RER C, Pont de L'Alma or Invalides; Buses (phone number hidden) etc. 
2958	The apartment, whose surface is about 100 square meters, is made up with two bedrooms looking out over two protected green, wooded gardens, a wide living room with an access to one of the two charming private garden, a dining room, an equipped kitchen, a bathroom and separate water-closet. It is a high standing apartment (typical woodfloor, molding, and fireplace) recently renovated by an architect and decorated with good taste. The entrance door is equipped with a keypad and security video. 	In the heart of Paris ,in a beautiful dressed -stone building 100m2 flat With 2  private terrace gardens Beautiful factures and fittings.sophiscated décor , 2' from st germain des près and 5' from champs de mars Eiffel Tower
2959	"Très tranquille, ce studio (que des amis anglais ont surnommé ""Le Château"") est totalement rénové, décoré. Nous y avons mis des matériaux de qualité (parquet en chêne, tentures murales, peinture laquée, carrelages) et des équipements pour vous faciliter la vie: micro-onde, lave-vaisselle.  Chauffe-eau électrique pour la salle de bain et la cuisine. Le receveur de douche est anti-dérapant. Le chauffage électrique donne un maximum de confort."	"Studio mis totalement à neuf, sur deux étages, au fond d'une jolie cour très tranquille, plein centre de Paris (7ème). Salon: divan, table basse. Cuisine. Chambre à 2 lits jumeaux. Salle de bain, placard. Minimum de location: 3 nuits. Très tranquille, ce studio (que des amis anglais ont surnommé ""Le Château"") est totalement rénové, décoré. Nous y avons mis des matériaux de qualité (parquet en chêne, tentures murales, peinture laquée, carrelages) et des équipements pour vous faciliter la vie: micro-onde, lave-vaisselle.  Chauffe-eau électrique pour la salle de bain et la cuisine. Le receveur de douche est anti-dérapant. Le chauffage électrique donne un maximum de confort. Le studio est à votre entière disposition. Il est fond de cour. Il n'y a donc aucun passage. Vous pouvez aussi profiter de l'espace extérieur devant le studio: nous y avons mis des meubles de jardin. Vous êtes totalement autonomes. Vous pouvez loger très bien seul ou à deux. Nous avons conçu le logement pour que vous p"
2960	"Apartment description In the 7th arrondissement of Paris, Eric and Patricia propose the archetypal charming apartment. You will feel at home in its immaculate decoration. Location Just 400 meters from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars gardens, 500 meters from the banks of the River Seine and the famous ""Bateaux Mouches"". Just a step away from the Quai Branly, Palais de Tokyo and  Trocadero museums, as well as the Palais Galliera, the city of Paris Museum of fashion. 15 minutes away from the Guimet Museum, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay and the Grand and Petit Palais. Shopping The rue Cler offers a daily market, the rue Saint Dominique provides everything you need in terms of shopping. Transportation BUS (phone number hidden).  RER C Pont de l'Alma direct from musée d'Orsay and Versailles Métro école militaire, alma Marceau 1 vélib station 1 autolib station Apartment Description 113 m2 35 m2 double living room 3 rooms: 1 couple, 3 children 2 bathrooms, 2wc 2 balconies with double southe"	"This is our place, bright and calm. We live next door to the Eiffel Tower. Our children's school is down the street ! We live here since 18 years and the neigborhood is quiet. We love travelling and descovering the other !   Come chat a little ! Apartment description In the 7th arrondissement of Paris, Eric and Patricia propose the archetypal charming apartment. You will feel at home in its immaculate decoration. Location Just 400 meters from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars gardens, 500 meters from the banks of the River Seine and the famous ""Bateaux Mouches"". Just a step away from the Quai Branly, Palais de Tokyo and  Trocadero museums, as well as the Palais Galliera, the city of Paris Museum of fashion. 15 minutes away from the Guimet Museum, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay and the Grand and Petit Palais. Shopping The rue Cler offers a daily market, the rue Saint Dominique provides everything you need in terms of shopping. Transportation BUS (phone number hidden).  RER C Pont de l'A"
2961	Charming apartment with a view of the Invalide's dome. 	Charming apartment with a view of the Invalide's dome. 
2962		HELLO! Je loue mon belle appartement idéalement situé, à proximité tour eiffeil ( 50 métres ) Joli 2 pièces totalement équipé, WIFI TV, machine à laver ect double lit...
2963	Comfortable, quiet building, safe, peacefull place.	Studette minutes from the Eiffel tower, last floor with elevator, private shower and sink, restrooms same floor in the corridor, very clean, very cosy, close to everything. internet and tv. Comfortable, quiet building, safe, peacefull place. Close to the invalides, the eiffel tower, great bakeries, metro, shops and many others. Ideal location Metro line 6 cambronne 2 min walk or Metro segur L10  40 seconds walk
2964	Paris - A sense of place Wherever we are in the world on vacation, we like to be reminded that we are in an exciting or exotic place, as far from home as possible. These reminders can be anything, from palm trees to sidewalk cafés; yet nothing is a more powerful symbol of the place called PARIS than the Eiffel Tower itself, whose image is both elegant and awe inspiring; yet hackneyed by overuse for branding of all sorts. Nonetheless, no city anywhere has such a powerful, iconic image to flaunt; and Paris is a place to see and to be seen while you are strolling the streets and reveling in the beauty that surrounds you. So why not simply choose to have the Eiffel tower right there in your neighborhood?  As you go out each day from our EIFFEL TOWER 2 flat, you cannot help but get a good glimpse of the Gustave Eiffel’s tower rising above the skyline. Clearly, you are not just anywhere in the world. If you will, the Eiffel Tower is the symbolic beacon of the city, attracting more visitors e	Elegant Perch just 5 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower. Tranquil Haven for 2 Paris - A sense of place Wherever we are in the world on vacation, we like to be reminded that we are in an exciting or exotic place, as far from home as possible. These reminders can be anything, from palm trees to sidewalk cafés; yet nothing is a more powerful symbol of the place called PARIS than the Eiffel Tower itself, whose image is both elegant and awe inspiring; yet hackneyed by overuse for branding of all sorts. Nonetheless, no city anywhere has such a powerful, iconic image to flaunt; and Paris is a place to see and to be seen while you are strolling the streets and reveling in the beauty that surrounds you. So why not simply choose to have the Eiffel tower right there in your neighborhood?  As you go out each day from our EIFFEL TOWER 2 flat, you cannot help but get a good glimpse of the Gustave Eiffel’s tower rising above the skyline. Clearly, you are not just anywhere in the world. If you will, t
2965	"This apartment of 640 sqft (60 sqm) offers 3 main benefits rarely joined together in Paris : ABSOLUTE SILENCE (and it's really not a catch word) while being in the center of Paris, an AMAZING VIEW (on famous Eiffel Tower) and a very CHARMING AND COSY ATMOSPHERE on the 4th floor. It is located on ""Rue du Champ de mars"", right off Champ de mars, the Eiffel Tower and Ecole Militaire. In the heart of Paris, a few steps away from the banks of the Seine and Les Invalides (2 most- famous attractions less than 10mn walking away), you will enjoy an unforgettable stay thanks to the apartment standing and area.  While the sun disappear behind the Eiffel Tower, you will be able to contemplate the sunset with a glass of wine. Wait a bit and the Eiffel Tower will light up and sparkle; Parisian lights will then bring you in a romantic, calm and serene atmosphere – one you could hardly imagine before experiencing it. - - - - - - - - - - - - The apartment is composed of 4 rooms (with 4 doors): the larg"	"Lovely 640sqft apt located in the heart of gorgeous 7th arrondissement (Eiffel Tower), absolutely silent, with an amazing view. Can host up to 4 people. This apartment of 640 sqft (60 sqm) offers 3 main benefits rarely joined together in Paris : ABSOLUTE SILENCE (and it's really not a catch word) while being in the center of Paris, an AMAZING VIEW (on famous Eiffel Tower) and a very CHARMING AND COSY ATMOSPHERE on the 4th floor. It is located on ""Rue du Champ de mars"", right off Champ de mars, the Eiffel Tower and Ecole Militaire. In the heart of Paris, a few steps away from the banks of the Seine and Les Invalides (2 most- famous attractions less than 10mn walking away), you will enjoy an unforgettable stay thanks to the apartment standing and area.  While the sun disappear behind the Eiffel Tower, you will be able to contemplate the sunset with a glass of wine. Wait a bit and the Eiffel Tower will light up and sparkle; Parisian lights will then bring you in a romantic, calm and seren"
2966	Full furnished Flat on the second floor with elevator. Very easy to leave. Main room :  - 2 windows - 1 bed for 2 (Queen size) - 1 desk - 1 dinning table, 2 chairs, 6 stools   Fully furnished kitchen (everything you will need to test french cooking)  - 1 big combined refrigerator-freezer. - 4 induction cooking hobs - 1  big oven   - 1  microwave oven   - 1 Kettle  - All cooking accessories (pots and pans, tableware, kitchenware...) Bathroom apart  (with one window):  - 1 big Corner bathtub   - 1 WC  - 1 washbasin - 1 towel warmer - 2  bath towel kits - hairdryer	Nice 35m2 and full furnished apartment located in the chic and typical 7th Parisian District. Close from Eiffel Tower (3min), Invalides (5 minutes), Champs Elysées (10 minutes), shopping facilities, subway and bus to go quickly everywhere in Paris Full furnished Flat on the second floor with elevator. Very easy to leave. Main room :  - 2 windows - 1 bed for 2 (Queen size) - 1 desk - 1 dinning table, 2 chairs, 6 stools   Fully furnished kitchen (everything you will need to test french cooking)  - 1 big combined refrigerator-freezer. - 4 induction cooking hobs - 1  big oven   - 1  microwave oven   - 1 Kettle  - All cooking accessories (pots and pans, tableware, kitchenware...) Bathroom apart  (with one window):  - 1 big Corner bathtub   - 1 WC  - 1 washbasin - 1 towel warmer - 2  bath towel kits - hairdryer - 1 TV  - Internet WIFI , free and unlimited- high Debit - Vacuum Dyson  - Steam irons and ironing board - Cooking condiment Will answer as quick as possible. Will give the keys (Me ,
2967	Situé en étage élevé avec ascenseur à deux pas du Champ de Mars, cet appartement très confortable, lumineux et en plein centre,  sera parfait pour une famille de quatre personnes qui veut découvrir Paris : Un grand salon avec canapé convertible et télévision. Une chambre avec lit double. Une chambre d'enfant avec deux lits dont un lit enfant. Une salle de bain avec baignoire. Une cuisine toute équipée avec une petite table pour déjeuner. Des toilettes séparées.	Grand trois pièces, très lumineux avec un grand salon traversant et les deux chambres donnant sur un balcon avec vue sur la tour Eiffel. Très bien situé à deux pas du champ de Mars et des transports parisiens. Quartier très vivant avec commerces. Situé en étage élevé avec ascenseur à deux pas du Champ de Mars, cet appartement très confortable, lumineux et en plein centre,  sera parfait pour une famille de quatre personnes qui veut découvrir Paris : Un grand salon avec canapé convertible et télévision. Une chambre avec lit double. Une chambre d'enfant avec deux lits dont un lit enfant. Une salle de bain avec baignoire. Une cuisine toute équipée avec une petite table pour déjeuner. Des toilettes séparées. L'appartement se trouve dans un immeuble calme avec ascenseur.  Le logement est habité en dehors des périodes de location. Les voyageurs auront accès au wifi. Echange par mail avec les voyageurs Le quartier est très vivant et familiale, il y a de nombreux restaurants et café-brasserie t
2968		This bright and luxurious apartment is located in a quiet courtyard five minutes away from Le Bon Marché and ten minutes by foot from Café de Flore and other mythical places of the lively and arty St Germain neighbourhood. Ideal for families.
2969		Jolie studio de 20m carré tout équipé. kitchenette, salle de bain + wc, TV, internet haut débit, draps et serviette de bains à disposition. A 5min à pied du Bon marché. A 20min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. A 15min à pied du Louvre. Commerces, café... 
2970	Typical parisian appartment in a old building  (type Haussmanien)  Appartement de 2 pièces lumineux et neuf, parfaitement situe au cœur du 7eme arrondissement de Paris et bénéficiant d’une superbe vue sur la Tour Eiffel et sur le Sacrée Cœur. Brithing and quiet appartement in a old building, in the 7th arrondissement with a splendid view on the Eiffel Tower and Montmartre.  De nombreux bus et 2 lignes de métro vous permettrons d’aller partout dans Paris facilement.  Severals buses and 2 metro's lignes  Quartier calme, avec deux rues animées ou vous trouverez des restaurants et bars à 5 minutes a pied.  Quiet area but with 2 lively streets with bars and restaurants. Vous bénéficiez de votre Votre propre chambre + d'un matelas dans le salon avec votre Salle de bain (mais la douche étant en réfection n'est pas utilisable, vous aurez accès a l'autre douche)   1  room and a matelas in the main room. You have your own bathroom, but the shawer is in rebuilding , so you ll have acces to the ot	New Appartement with a splendid view on the Eiffel Tower and Montmartre in the 7th arrondissement. Easy to reach many places in Paris, and sereval on foot like Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysée.  Quiet and brighting with 2 streets lively not far. You will have acces to the full appartement.  One shower is in rebuilding but you ll have acces to the other one. One room got 1 bed and the double bed is in the main room. By foot :  5 minutes - Tour Eiffel 10 minutes - Ecole Militaire 15 minutes - Hôtel des Invalides 15/20 minutes - Champs Elysées  Metro : Ligne 8 - Ecole Militaire and ligne 9 - Pont de l’Alma Bus : (phone number hidden)
2971	The apartment is located in a 19th century listed building, you are on top floor WITH elevator. Ideally situated, easy walking to many sights and train stations, lively neighborhood with plenty of markets, restaurants, and bars to choose from.  You are at 5 min walking from the Champ de Mars, les Invalides & the Eiffel Tower !	On the top floor of a superb 19th century listed building a cosy one bedroom apartment ideally located. you're overlooking the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is located in a 19th century listed building, you are on top floor WITH elevator. Ideally situated, easy walking to many sights and train stations, lively neighborhood with plenty of markets, restaurants, and bars to choose from.  You are at 5 min walking from the Champ de Mars, les Invalides & the Eiffel Tower ! The bedroom and the dressing room are in Mezzanine. The window on the roof overlook the Eiffel Tower ! Subway : Ecole Militaire (line 8) at 1 min walking distance (at the corner of the building) Train RER : Pont de l'Alma or Invalides (line C) are around 15 min walking distance
2972	This is a spacious and cozy 1-bedroom apartment, located just a 5-minute walk from the Champs-de-Mars and the Eiffel Tower.  Decorated in a modern style with colourful fabrics, this apartment has a sofa bed in the living room that can accomodate two persons. Bed linen and fresh towels are provided.  LIVING ROOM: Two comfy sofas, one of them is convertible and can accomodate two persons in good condition (good matress), a flat-screen TV with a DVD player are provided. Also, a very good quality full music equipment, with amplificator and LPs player. FREE high speed WiFi available throughout the whole flat.  KITCHEN : The kitchen is fully furnished with oven, microwave, stove and fridge and all needed to feel home and prepare your meals. An electric kettle, coffee machine and smoothie maker are available for a lovely start in the day. Washing machine for your clothes at your disposal, free of charge.  BATHROOM & TOILET : The bathroom is large, with bathtap, wahshand and dressing table. To	Cozy flat near Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars. Ideal from 2 to 4 persons willing to discover Paris at its core. 50m2 all furnished, kichten, bathroom, bathtap, quiet and peaceful.. Everything needed to make a wonderful stay in Paris! Free wifi. This is a spacious and cozy 1-bedroom apartment, located just a 5-minute walk from the Champs-de-Mars and the Eiffel Tower.  Decorated in a modern style with colourful fabrics, this apartment has a sofa bed in the living room that can accomodate two persons. Bed linen and fresh towels are provided.  LIVING ROOM: Two comfy sofas, one of them is convertible and can accomodate two persons in good condition (good matress), a flat-screen TV with a DVD player are provided. Also, a very good quality full music equipment, with amplificator and LPs player. FREE high speed WiFi available throughout the whole flat.  KITCHEN : The kitchen is fully furnished with oven, microwave, stove and fridge and all needed to feel home and prepare your meals. An electri
2973		In the very center of Paris, at St-Germain des Prés, between the Seine river and the Bon Marché department store, a 1500 SF flat in an historical building, where
2974	Located in a quiet and paved courtyard, on the ground floor, this lovely apartment has been refurnished in July 2014. It sleeps 4 persons in its 2 bedrooms. You will be charmed by its high ceilings and the parquet floor. There are double-glazed windows on every window. Description - Small entrance that opens on the completely equipped kitchen (Oven, coffee machine, washer/dryer ; dish washer,... - Independent toilet - Living room with sofa, coffee table, , a dining table for 4 persons. - 1st bedroom with double bed, side tables and cupboards - The shower room has one shower, one wash basin and a bench - 2nde bedroom with one sofa bed for 2 persons, armchair, cupboards,... - Terrace with table and chairs 	At few steps from the Champ de Mars and the Invalides, this is a charming 2-bedroom apartment that sleeps 4 persons. There is also a terrace. Completely refurnished in July 204. Located in a quiet and paved courtyard, on the ground floor, this lovely apartment has been refurnished in July 2014. It sleeps 4 persons in its 2 bedrooms. You will be charmed by its high ceilings and the parquet floor. There are double-glazed windows on every window. Description - Small entrance that opens on the completely equipped kitchen (Oven, coffee machine, washer/dryer ; dish washer,... - Independent toilet - Living room with sofa, coffee table, , a dining table for 4 persons. - 1st bedroom with double bed, side tables and cupboards - The shower room has one shower, one wash basin and a bench - 2nde bedroom with one sofa bed for 2 persons, armchair, cupboards,... - Terrace with table and chairs The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the 
2975	"Confortable quiet flat : chic parisian ! We propose our lovingly One bed room appartement for rent. Nightly rate is from 89 euros, Minimum stay : 3 nights. It is ideally situated At the the first floor Nearby The Dome des Invalides (""chic"" place in Paris and the most expensive area in Paris). It sleeps 3 persons (a queen size bed in the room and 1 adult sleep sofa in the living room). It includes all furnishing, cable TV, fast internet with Wifi, washing machine, iron and board. Size : approx. 45 sq meters"	"The place to be !  Lovely little loft beside Eiffel tower and Les Invalides. Nearby Metro ""Ecole militaire"". The Best place to visit Orsay Museum, Rodin Museum, Le Louvre, ..."
2976	"Welcome in the 7th arrondissement, the most exclusive district of Paris, Saint Germain/Invalides - center for arts, design and fashion. The neighbourhood Situated in the very heart of the historical center of Paris, on the Left Bank, between Saint Germain and the Invalides, one of the safest district where are situated the embassies, the  Parliament , the Prime Minister, museums and major cultural attractions, you will love the particular charm of this very chic area in Paris in an exceptional art & comfort apartment beautifully decorated.  This gorgeous and huge 3 bedrooms apartment  is located in the most beautiful and attractive district of Paris, just a few minutes from Les Invalides, Saint Germain, the Eiffel Tower, Place de la Concorde, Champs Elysées, and the Luxembourg Gardens le Musée du Louvre, the Orsay Museum or Notre-Dame...  The 3*** Michelin restaurant ""L'Arpège"" is located at the corner of the block , in front of the Musée Rodin at 1min. walk,  but  there are many many "	You will love the particular charm of  this exceptional art & comfort apartment beautifully decorated and lightfull, with a lovely terrace on the Invalides and Tour Eiffel situated on the very heart of the historical center of Paris for arts, design and fashion. Welcome in the 7th arrondissement, the most exclusive district of Paris, Saint Germain/Invalides - center for arts, design and fashion. The neighbourhood Situated in the very heart of the historical center of Paris, on the Left Bank, between Saint Germain and the Invalides, one of the safest district where are situated the embassies, the  Parliament , the Prime Minister, museums and major cultural attractions, you will love the particular charm of this very chic area in Paris in an exceptional art & comfort apartment beautifully decorated.  This gorgeous and huge 3 bedrooms apartment  is located in the most beautiful and attractive district of Paris, just a few minutes from Les Invalides, Saint Germain, the Eiffel Tower, Place 
2977		Studio 28 m², situated on the ground floor of a 18th century building, located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, in the “antiquaires” shops area; a hop skip and jump from the Louvre and Orsay museum. 
2978	In the heart of the posh 7th arrondisement the sleek white apartment is a tasteful mix of classic and modern living. Two generous size bedrooms, a spacious bathroom that features double sinks, a soaking tub and a separate glass shower and the living room complete a floor plan of more than 750 square feet that are all conveniently situated on the fourth floor of a handsome building with a lift. French doors abound throughout the apartment. They provide a wonderful way to let in tons of sunlight. The living room is grand in scale and features a fireplace. The dining area is poised for memorable dinner parties and features a convenient serving console. Views from some of the many windows include the ultimate Parisian landmark the Eiffel Tower as well as the exquisite landscaping as seen from the private compounds in the area. The Apartment It's been twenty years since I left Paris. Ready to take on all the U.S. had to offer. And, I did! Degrees from Harvard and Columbia, a successful asse	Two generous size bedrooms, a spacious bathroom that features double sinks, a soaking tub and a separate glass shower and the living room complete a floor plan of more than 750 square feet. In the heart of the posh 7th arrondisement the sleek white apartment is a tasteful mix of classic and modern living. Two generous size bedrooms, a spacious bathroom that features double sinks, a soaking tub and a separate glass shower and the living room complete a floor plan of more than 750 square feet that are all conveniently situated on the fourth floor of a handsome building with a lift. French doors abound throughout the apartment. They provide a wonderful way to let in tons of sunlight. The living room is grand in scale and features a fireplace. The dining area is poised for memorable dinner parties and features a convenient serving console. Views from some of the many windows include the ultimate Parisian landmark the Eiffel Tower as well as the exquisite landscaping as seen from the privat
2979	Paris is always a good idea - especially when you’re staying on Rue Saint-Dominique. This gem of an apartment is located off the serene 3rd courtyard of a charming old building. Its ground floor location permits you to enjoy the plantings in the courtyard through the windows & permits easy access w/suitcases & the inevitable shopping bags you’ll so easily acquire - no puzzling over how to get your luggage & you into a typically teeny French elevator. David, a young man fluent in English, will meet you at the door upon your arrival & introduce you to the apartment. The apartment has been renovated to take advantage of every inch of its 45 sq meters - lots of built-in storage & copious closets - no tripping over your suitcases as you sip champagne in the salon. The decor is clean & contemporary w/a paint scheme that’s just a little bit sassy. Turn left from the apartment door & you’re minutes from 1 of the most famous market streets in all of Paris, the Rue Cler. Turn right & soon you'll	This amazing apartment in the heart of the 7th is perfectly located to be your home away from home in Paris! Only a few minutes away from Rue Cler and the Eiffel Tower! Paris is always a good idea - especially when you’re staying on Rue Saint-Dominique. This gem of an apartment is located off the serene 3rd courtyard of a charming old building. Its ground floor location permits you to enjoy the plantings in the courtyard through the windows & permits easy access w/suitcases & the inevitable shopping bags you’ll so easily acquire - no puzzling over how to get your luggage & you into a typically teeny French elevator. David, a young man fluent in English, will meet you at the door upon your arrival & introduce you to the apartment. The apartment has been renovated to take advantage of every inch of its 45 sq meters - lots of built-in storage & copious closets - no tripping over your suitcases as you sip champagne in the salon. The decor is clean & contemporary w/a paint scheme that’s jus
2980	"Quiet apartment located at ground floor of a ""hotel particulier"", in the heart of Paris. Overlooking a private courtyard, the apartment is made of one large bedroom with a queen bed, a living room, a kitchenette, a bathroom and a dressing-room. Fresh linens, towels and Internet connexion are at your disposal. We also provide inflatable bed or baby crib upon demand.  This recently renovated location is the perfect pied-à-terre for anyone who wishes to discover Paris from within. Ideally located in the heart of Faubourg Saint-Germain, the historic center, the apartment is at walking distance of the Louvre, the Eiffel tower and the Latin district. Surrounded by many famous Parisian cafés, such as the Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots, the neighborhood is filled with restaurants, bars, cafés, shops, antic dealers and museums.  Further down, the Odéon and Saint-Michel areas (10-15 min walking) are very lively places, especially at night if you're looking to go out. You'll find several means"	"Quiet apartment located at ground floor of a ""hotel particulier"", in the heart of Paris. Overlooking a private courtyard, the apartment is made of one large bedroom with a queen bed, a living room, a kitchenette, a bathroom and a dressing-room. Fresh linens, towels and Internet connexion are at your disposal. We also provide inflatable bed or baby crib upon demand.  This recently renovated location is the perfect pied-à-terre for anyone who wishes to discover Paris from within. Ideally located in the heart of Faubourg Saint-Germain, the historic center, the apartment is at walking distance of the Louvre, the Eiffel tower and the Latin district. Surrounded by many famous Parisian cafés, such as the Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots, the neighborhood is filled with restaurants, bars, cafés, shops, antic dealers and museums.  Further down, the Odéon and Saint-Michel areas (10-15 min walking) are very lively places, especially at night if you're looking to go out. You'll find several means"
2981	Situé au 3ème étage et demi d'un immeuble sécurisé (code porte), ce charmant 2 pièces est aménagé avec goût.  Il est équipé de tout le confort afin que vous passiez un séjour mémorable à Paris.  L’appartement est pourvu d'un lit double ainsi que d'un canapé « lit », il est idéal pour un couple ou un couple avec un ou deux enfants. 	Superbe appartement cosy situé à 150m de la Tour Eiffel.  Le quartier est résidentiel et commerçant.  Le Champ de Mars en bas, la rue St Dominique et la rue Cler pour les meilleurs aliments.  Les Champs Elysées sont à 15 mn à pieds.        Situé au 3ème étage et demi d'un immeuble sécurisé (code porte), ce charmant 2 pièces est aménagé avec goût.  Il est équipé de tout le confort afin que vous passiez un séjour mémorable à Paris.  L’appartement est pourvu d'un lit double ainsi que d'un canapé « lit », il est idéal pour un couple ou un couple avec un ou deux enfants. La totalité du logement est à la disposition des voyageurs. Je suis très disponible par email, téléphone, whatsapp etc... et j'accueille moi même les voyageurs dans la mesure du possible en fonction de leur heure d'arrivée. Je leur ai préparé un petit guide pour un voyage 100% parisien (version française et anglaise) : des petites adresses gourmandes, les meilleures boutiques pour opter la mode parisienne ou encore les endr
2982		A nice flat available in one of the most elegant and refined area of paris. Two steps from Eiffel tower and the Invalides. The flat is quiet, secure in a zone with shops and restaurants. Our apartment is in one of the classic Hausmanien buildings.
2983	The Apartment is big has 2 bedrooms 1 double bed and 1 sofa bed also there is kitchen where you can cook your own food free WiFi and most important its suitable for any age.	The Apartment is big has 2 bedrooms 1 double bed and 1 sofa bed also there is kitchen where you can cook your own food free WiFi and most important its suitable for any age. The Apartment is located in the street of the Rue Saints Pères, very close to Le Bon Marché luxury department store, the Saint-Germain-des-Prés Church, the mythical Café de Flore and many créateurs shops. Louis XIV’s, the district of Saint-Germain-des-Prés has always been a great meeting place for artists of all fields. The Café Flore and the Café des Deux Magots, the brasserie Lipp welcomed in the fifties the intellectuals, poets and writers that made Paris. Strewn with antique shops, art galeries and elegant shops, this area of the « left bank » – or « rive gauche » still shines with a specific radiance, and the apartment is very close to a Remarkable sites and museums : le museum of Cluny, the Place Furstemberg, the Théâtre de l’Odéon, Famous bars, brasseries or restaurants: le Café Flore, le Café des Deux Magot
2984	It's a 2-room apartement, where my son lives. He's 19 years old and almost all the day he's out studying and working. He lives in one room and the other room we're happy to rent out to Airbnb guests. The apartement is situated in a tipical French Haussmanian building, on the third floor with the elevator, 2 code doors and an interphone. You'll have your own room with a king size (1,60m to 2,00m) bed. You'll also have a kettle in your own disposition. Tea, coffee, sugar, towels, bed sheets, shampooing is provided . In case of necessity, you can use the fridge and a microwave oven in the kitchen. You'll share only the bathroom/toilet with my son. I live on the same floor and will be always in touch if you need me.	It's a 2-room apartement, where my son lives. He's 19 years old and almost all the day he's out studying and working. He lives in one room and the other room we're happy to rent out to Airbnb guests. The apartement is situated in a tipical French Haussmanian building, on the third floor with the elevator, 2 code doors and an interphone. You'll have your own room with a king size (1,60m to 2,00m) bed. You'll also have a kettle in your own disposition. Tea, coffee, sugar, towels, bed sheets, shampooing is provided . In case of necessity, you can use the fridge and a microwave oven in the kitchen. You'll share only the bathroom/toilet with my son. I live on the same floor and will be always in touch if you need me. The location can't be better: - 2 minutes from the EIFFEL TOWER and Champ de Mars - 15 minutes walk from Invalides, some famous museums - 10 min by bus (42, 69 and others - direct lines, metro lines are also direct) or 20 minutes walk to Champs Elysees, Concord, musee du Louvre
2985	Cosy flat for two persons, in the famous district of the american church, near the river the seine and surrounded by the Invalides garden - the eiffel tower and the Champs Elysée. It has a large lobby, a large room, a separate kitchen and a bathroom as seen on the plan. Including tv cable- telephone - Internet and Wireless  . 4 th floor of a Old atypical french building - View on rooftop of Paris. It's easy to move through the city: 4 lines of Subway, 10 min walking to Eiffel tower and Champs Elysee, 20 min to the center and Notre-Dame Cathedral,  Near the train station Invalides, where you can found direct bus to airports. only minutes away from the museums and within walking distance from all major sights and nightlife spots. On the ground floor a typical french Boulangerie with tree others on the street, six restaurant with two fastfood. The famous rue Cler is at 2 min walking you will find a market on the morning and lots of restaurant for diner. 	Cosy flat for two persons, in the famous district of the american church, near the river the seine and surrounded by the Invalides garden - the eiffel tower and the Champs Elysée. It has a large lobby, a large room, a separate kitchen and a bathroom as seen on the plan. Including tv cable- telephone - Internet and Wireless  . 4 th floor of a Old atypical french building - View on rooftop of Paris. It's easy to move through the city: 4 lines of Subway, 10 min walking to Eiffel tower and Champs Elysee, 20 min to the center and Notre-Dame Cathedral,  Near the train station Invalides, where you can found direct bus to airports. only minutes away from the museums and within walking distance from all major sights and nightlife spots. On the ground floor a typical french Boulangerie with tree others on the street, six restaurant with two fastfood. The famous rue Cler is at 2 min walking you will find a market on the morning and lots of restaurant for diner.  Please send us your arrival and de
2986		25 square m 1 room with double bed 1 bathroom1 toilette in the 7 area of paris near musem rodin and shopping area 
2987	A well organised space with everything needed in the apartment, including toilet, bathroom and kitchenette equipped with water boiler, microwave and all utensils needed for your stay. The apartment is fully furnished with free high speed Wifi internet access.  This 20 square meters (200 square feet) apartment is located on 1st floor (the floor above ground floor) with elevator.	Perfect for a couple, or two friends looking for a good bargain at a centralised location. Our apartment is located just a stone's throw away from Eiffel Tower and Ecole Militaire. Metro line 6, 8 and 10 will take you to almost everywhere in Paris. A well organised space with everything needed in the apartment, including toilet, bathroom and kitchenette equipped with water boiler, microwave and all utensils needed for your stay. The apartment is fully furnished with free high speed Wifi internet access.  This 20 square meters (200 square feet) apartment is located on 1st floor (the floor above ground floor) with elevator. Our guests will have access to the whole apartment. I'll be waiting for your arrival in the apartment. In case if I'm out of town, I'll arrange one of my best friend to replace me. With the Eiffel Tower at a stone's throw distance, right next to Ecole Militaire (where Napoleon sleeps), this area of Paris is guaranteed to impress. Musée D’Orsay, Musée Rodin are all wit
2988	L'appartement se compose  - d'une entrée avec rangements, porte-manteau et produits de base - d'un salon avec canapé lit, une table pour déjeuner et des rangements, télévision par rétroprojecteur. - d'une chambre avec lit 2 places de 140cm, bureau et penderie - d'une cuisine aménagée (four, gaziniere électrique et au gaz, bouilloire..) - d'une salle de bain avec lave-linge et sèche-linge et baignoire - d'un WC séparé Chambre : un lit 2 places salon : canapé lit 2 places Lave-linge + sèche-linge	L'appartement (salon, cuisine, salle de bain, WC séparé, chambre) est au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Plein Sud, il est très lumineux et calme car sur cour.  Chambre : un lit 2 places salon : canapé lit 2 places Lave-linge + sèche-linge L'appartement se compose  - d'une entrée avec rangements, porte-manteau et produits de base - d'un salon avec canapé lit, une table pour déjeuner et des rangements, télévision par rétroprojecteur. - d'une chambre avec lit 2 places de 140cm, bureau et penderie - d'une cuisine aménagée (four, gaziniere électrique et au gaz, bouilloire..) - d'une salle de bain avec lave-linge et sèche-linge et baignoire - d'un WC séparé Chambre : un lit 2 places salon : canapé lit 2 places Lave-linge + sèche-linge accessible par métro ligne 8 La Tour Maubourg ligne 8 et 13 Invalides RER C Invalides bus 80 et 28
2989	2寝室に2浴室（両方バスタプ付）85㎡のアパルトマン内、専用浴室付のツインルームをお貸しします。 エレベータ付2階、お隣は17世紀の貴族の館。上品で豊かなパリを味わってください。 	パリの最高級住宅地、交通至便で安全、静かな住宅内ツインルーム専用バスルーム付 Twin bedroom with bathroom & WC Very exclusive residential area walking distance to Montparnasse or St.Germain des Pre 2寝室に2浴室（両方バスタプ付）85㎡のアパルトマン内、専用浴室付のツインルームをお貸しします。 エレベータ付2階、お隣は17世紀の貴族の館。上品で豊かなパリを味わってください。 もちろん広々としたリビングや設備の完備したキッチンもご自由に使用して頂けます。 アパルトマン内は他1名同居するだけ、ご自宅のように寛いで頂けます。 静かで落ち着いた住宅地ですが、ショッピングや観光に絶好の立地 徒歩5分以内に４地下鉄駅、６バス停留所のある交通至便な場所です 光回線が入っています。もちろんWIFIも無料、フランス国内の電話は固定、携帯とも無料。国際電話も固定電話への通話は無料です。
2990	Great location for this tiny studio in the heart of Paris ! 1 minute walk of Metro Cambronne (line 6), 5-10 min walk of Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire and Invalides. Nice neighbourhood, secure and family, shops, restaurants in a couple of minutes of walking distance. Fully furnished, 100 sq feet  (9 sq meters) fits for 1 (website hidden), internet WIFI, toilet and shower. Charming Parisian building, 8 floor, elevator, Parisian roofs views for this quiet bright place to stay. 	Great location for this tiny studio in the heart of Paris ! 1 minute walk of Metro Cambronne (line 6), 5-10 min walk of Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire and Invalides. Nice neighbourhood, secure and family, shops, restaurants in a couple of minutes of walking distance. Fully furnished, 100 sq feet  (9 sq meters) fits for 1 (website hidden), internet WIFI, toilet and shower. Charming Parisian building, 8 floor, elevator, Parisian roofs views for this quiet bright place to stay. 
2991	Comfortable beds, bed linen and towels are provided, as well as wardrobe space. The kitchen has a microwave, kettle, fridge, induction hob and oven, cutlery, dishes, glasses, etc. I don't prepare breakfast but please help yourself if I have cereals, milk, juice, tea, coffee, etc. The bathroom has both shower and bath - the (small!) toilet is in a separate room for convenience. Fast wifi, cable TV (French and international, English language news channels etc.), CD/DVD player, hairdryer, landline telephone. I don't have a washing machine or dishwasher but there is a launderette and dry cleaners around the corner.	Simple, cosy apartment in an amazing location near the Eiffel tower and museums, beside restaurants and shops. Comfortable beds, bed linen and towels are provided, as well as wardrobe space. The kitchen has a microwave, kettle, fridge, induction hob and oven, cutlery, dishes, glasses, etc. I don't prepare breakfast but please help yourself if I have cereals, milk, juice, tea, coffee, etc. The bathroom has both shower and bath - the (small!) toilet is in a separate room for convenience. Fast wifi, cable TV (French and international, English language news channels etc.), CD/DVD player, hairdryer, landline telephone. I don't have a washing machine or dishwasher but there is a launderette and dry cleaners around the corner. I rent one of the bedrooms (double bed or two single beds as you prefer) and sleep in the other. Living room, kitchen etc. are shared, you can make yourself at home. I tend to stay in my room if I'm there in the evening but I'm happy to answer any questions. The apartme
2992	28m² or 301 square feet in the very heart of Paris, the famous and chic Rue de Verneuil, an exquisite neighbourhood. A perfect location on the edge of Saint germain des Près, very near le Musée d'Orsay and Le Louvre from where you'll be able to walk Paris over from this aristocratic neighbourhood former home of the musqueteers. This neighbourhood is very convenient for everyday life stores and restaurants and close to everything you need. It is also near two metro lines and several bus lines, with an easy access to the airports. The apartment is one floor above street level (ie. European 1st floor, American 2nd floor) and there is an elevator. The apartment can sleep up to 4 persons, it is very quite as it is overlooking a courtyard of a classy building. There is a bedroom with a double bed and living room with a pull out sofa. A bathroom with a tub, it is fully  equipped with a washing machine, a fridge, a microwave, a toaster, a coffee machine a Tv and DVD player. We provide linens a	28m² or 301 square feet in the very heart of Paris, the famous and chic Rue de Verneuil, an exquisite neighbourhood. A perfect location on the edge of Saint germain des Près, very near le Musée d'Orsay and Le Louvre from where you'll be able to walk Paris over from this aristocratic neighbourhood former home of the musqueteers. This neighbourhood is very convenient for everyday life stores and restaurants and close to everything you need. It is also near two metro lines and several bus lines, with an easy access to the airports. The apartment is one floor above street level (ie. European 1st floor, American 2nd floor) and there is an elevator. The apartment can sleep up to 4 persons, it is very quite as it is overlooking a courtyard of a classy building. There is a bedroom with a double bed and living room with a pull out sofa. A bathroom with a tub, it is fully  equipped with a washing machine, a fridge, a microwave, a toaster, a coffee machine a Tv and DVD player. We provide linens a
2993	very well located in a luxury building 5 th floor clear and spacious	very well located in a luxury building 5 th floor clear and spacious Concorde Assemblée nationale all transports subway,bus and RER the better place to spend time in paris,5 mn from the champs elysées and place de la Concorde,5mn musee d'orsay
2994	Studio 215 FT  Located at Ecole militaire in the heart of Paris . 5 minutes by walk from the Eiffel Tower and 15 minutes by walk from the Champs Elysées.  this lovely flat Can accommodate two people. In the main room there is a bed /sofa . In the bathroom , shower and toilet in June . There aussi A small kitchen, with four , microwave, stove, and washer - dryer. The Studio is in a typical Haussmann buildings with a high standing , on the 8th floor. high Internet is available 	Studio 215 FT  Located at Ecole militaire in the heart of Paris . 5 minutes by walk from the Eiffel Tower and 15 minutes by walk from the Champs Elysées.  this lovely flat Can accommodate two people. In the main room there is a bed /sofa . In the bathroom , shower and toilet in June . There aussi A small kitchen, with four , microwave, stove, and washer - dryer. The Studio is in a typical Haussmann buildings with a high standing , on the 8th floor. high Internet is available 
2995	In the heart of the chic 7th arrond on Rue St Dominique, close to the Eiffel Tower, Musee d’Orsay, Invalides, St Germain des Pres, and the Champs Elysees. Comfortable 1 bedroom apartment on a quiet street, 10 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, 2 minutes walking distance from Les Invalides and Rodin Museum. The apartment 18 m² consists in a living room with sofa bed for 2 and kitchenette, and a bathroom with shower. It includes Internet Wi-Fi, TV, DVD player, microwave, washing machine,clothes dryer, coffee maker. It is located in a very convenient position, ideal for visiting Paris, the 7th arrondissement on the Left Bank of Seine. The studio is in an extremely quiet residential area, in typical French style. It can be reached through a garden. The area is well served by grocery stores. A supermarket is around the corner and a famous bakery Moulin de la vierge in front of the appartment. 	In the heart of the chic 7th arrond on Rue St Dominique, close to the Eiffel Tower, Musee d’Orsay, Invalides, St Germain des Pres, and the Champs Elysees. Comfortable 1 bedroom apartment on a quiet street, 10 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, 2 minutes walking distance from Les Invalides and Rodin Museum. The apartment 18 m² consists in a living room with sofa bed for 2 and kitchenette, and a bathroom with shower. It includes Internet Wi-Fi, TV, DVD player, microwave, washing machine,clothes dryer, coffee maker. It is located in a very convenient position, ideal for visiting Paris, the 7th arrondissement on the Left Bank of Seine. The studio is in an extremely quiet residential area, in typical French style. It can be reached through a garden. The area is well served by grocery stores. A supermarket is around the corner and a famous bakery Moulin de la vierge in front of the appartment. 
2996	Sur la fameuse rue de Sevres,entre Invalides et St Germain des Près. Appartement de 80m2,donnant sur 2 cours,dans quartier très commerçant et cinémas,théatres,grandes enseignes de la mode.  Métro,et nombreux bus au pied de l'immeuble.  De la maison vous pouvez acceder à tous les sites à pieds .  L'appartement est typiquement parisien:parquets,cheminées,decoration raffinée  Il comprend 1 entrée, 1 cuisine,1 salle de bain,,2 chambres(1 lit double dans l'une ,1 lit simple dans l'autre),1 double living avec separation vitrée pour possibilité d'une 3eme chambre, avec canapé lit tres confortable.à usage quotidien.  L'appartement est à l'etat neuf. . Règles de la maison : les animaux ne sont pas admis ,ni les fumeurs.  Services disponibles Internet/WIFI Cuisine Mach	Sur la fameuse rue de Sevres,entre Invalides et St Germain des Près. Appartement de 80m2,donnant sur 2 cours,dans quartier très commerçant et cinémas,théatres,grandes enseignes de la mode.  Métro,et nombreux bus au pied de l'immeuble.  De la maison vous pouvez acceder à tous les sites à pieds .  L'appartement est typiquement parisien:parquets,cheminées,decoration raffinée  Il comprend 1 entrée, 1 cuisine,1 salle de bain,,2 chambres(1 lit double dans l'une ,1 lit simple dans l'autre),1 double living avec separation vitrée pour possibilité d'une 3eme chambre, avec canapé lit tres confortable.à usage quotidien.  L'appartement est à l'etat neuf. . Règles de la maison : les animaux ne sont pas admis ,ni les fumeurs.  Services disponibles Internet/WIFI Cuisine Mach
2997	Bonjour à tous, J'ai 32 ans, je suis journaliste à Paris et il m'arrive régulièrement de partir quelques jours pour des reportages. J'en profite pour louer mon appartement, un joli 35m² situé à deux pas du Champ de Mars (entre la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides). Métro Ecole Militaire. La chambre dispose d'un lit king size. Dans le salon, le canapé est convertible et peut accueillir deux personnes. Sinon voici la description de l'appartement: 1 entrée 1 chambre 1 salle de bains (douche) 1 cuisine (avec four, plaques, frigo, couverts, lave-linge) 1 salon Interdit de fumer, sauf si vous fumez à la fenêtre et mettez les cendres dans le cendrier. Le chauffage est électrique. Télé avec câble, Internet avec wifi, ordinateur Mac à votre disposition si besoin. Les enfants sont les bienvenus. Les animaux, non, désolé... Si vous aimez la Wii, vous pourrez jouer à Mario Kart! Près de l'appartement vous trouverez votre bonheur: une épicerie juste en face de l'immeuble, un boucher, un boulanger juste 	Joli appartement situé idéalement dans Paris: à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de Mars... Bonjour à tous, J'ai 32 ans, je suis journaliste à Paris et il m'arrive régulièrement de partir quelques jours pour des reportages. J'en profite pour louer mon appartement, un joli 35m² situé à deux pas du Champ de Mars (entre la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides). Métro Ecole Militaire. La chambre dispose d'un lit king size. Dans le salon, le canapé est convertible et peut accueillir deux personnes. Sinon voici la description de l'appartement: 1 entrée 1 chambre 1 salle de bains (douche) 1 cuisine (avec four, plaques, frigo, couverts, lave-linge) 1 salon Interdit de fumer, sauf si vous fumez à la fenêtre et mettez les cendres dans le cendrier. Le chauffage est électrique. Télé avec câble, Internet avec wifi, ordinateur Mac à votre disposition si besoin. Les enfants sont les bienvenus. Les animaux, non, désolé... Si vous aimez la Wii, vous pourrez jouer à Mario Kart! Près de l'appartement vous 
2998	Exceptionnal and prestigious adress in the 7th arrondissement, rue de LILLE.  Right behind ORSAY Museum, 10 mn walking from St Germain des Pres.  Superbe apartment, all NEW, in a old typical parisian building totally remodeled, ultra safe, double building door coded + concierge.  5th floor with elevator. One bedroom separate with private bathroom.  Kitchen fully equipped. Washer/dryer, dishwasher. A/C. Free WIFI, FREE phone, english channels.  PRIVATE Terrace, full sky.  Assistance 7/7 24/24. 	Stunning apartment located in the prestigious 7th arrondissement, rue de LILLE, behind ORSAY MUSEUM. 5th elevator. Dupleix fully furnished for 4 people. Private Terrace. LUXURIOUS design and amenities.  Exceptionnal and prestigious adress in the 7th arrondissement, rue de LILLE.  Right behind ORSAY Museum, 10 mn walking from St Germain des Pres.  Superbe apartment, all NEW, in a old typical parisian building totally remodeled, ultra safe, double building door coded + concierge.  5th floor with elevator. One bedroom separate with private bathroom.  Kitchen fully equipped. Washer/dryer, dishwasher. A/C. Free WIFI, FREE phone, english channels.  PRIVATE Terrace, full sky.  Assistance 7/7 24/24.  Prestigious 7th arrondissement in paris between Rue CLERC and ORSAY MUSEUM. Rue de Lille. 
2999	Alma marceau musée quai branly proche de champs elysées et quai d'Orsay dans un imm, studio surface 13m2 vraiment fonctionnelle très bien placé pour découvrir paris a de prix raisonnable , immeuble ancien de bon standing 5éme étage avec ascenseur donnant sur une voie privée au calme avec vue sur la rue et tour eiffel. Pièce principale avec coin cuisine équipée ouverte sur le séjour , et salle d'eau canapé convertible confortable et frigo et wc sur le palier	. Alma marceau musée quai branly proche de champs elysées et quai d'Orsay dans un imm, studio surface 13m2 vraiment fonctionnelle très bien placé pour découvrir paris a de prix raisonnable , immeuble ancien de bon standing 5éme étage avec ascenseur donnant sur une voie privée au calme avec vue sur la rue et tour eiffel. Pièce principale avec coin cuisine équipée ouverte sur le séjour , et salle d'eau canapé convertible confortable et frigo et wc sur le palier Proche tout le site  touristique  tour  eiffel  et arc de triomphe ,fameux  l'avenue montaigne  et ses boutiques  prestigieux et restaurants branché  Idéalement bien placé pour découvrir paris Beaucoup de charme  l'environnement très agréable pour passer du temps .
