18300	An elegant combination of old world charm and modern design: Open space with exposed beams within a converted XVII century monastery with all modern commodities	A really charming, clean, quiet appartement within a converted XVII century monastery, with beautiful antique objects and furniture. Ideal for a couple or a small family. Close to many restaurants, museums, groceries and shops.              An elegant combination of old world charm and modern design: Open space with exposed beams within a converted XVII century monastery with all modern commodities I have an antique shop 5 minutes away from the flat (famous Rue Saint Paul) so can happily help out with questions and recommendations if needed.  Museums, galleries, shops, antiques, the Carreau du Temple, the Opera House, the Jewish quarter, historical monuments are all within walking distance !  Rue de Bretagne and le marche des enfants rouges are your ideal places for grocery shopping and French Cafes. No better place - this is the heart of Paris The flat is on the first floor in a quiet courtyard  and with plenty of light.
18301	Le charme des poutres apparentes au plafond et au mur ainsi que des tommettes au sol le rend unique.  La rue est calme et branchée, on entend même les cloches de l'Eglise voisine ! Parfaitement équipé, c'est un pied à terre idéal pour une escapade parisienne.	Ce deux-pièces aux poutres apparentes, accueillant et douillet est exposé plein sud. Très lumineux et idéalement situé à côté du CNAM, Il peut accueillir 2 personnes dans une rue calme, au coeur du Marais et du projet gastronomicotrendy La jeune rue. Le charme des poutres apparentes au plafond et au mur ainsi que des tommettes au sol le rend unique.  La rue est calme et branchée, on entend même les cloches de l'Eglise voisine ! Parfaitement équipé, c'est un pied à terre idéal pour une escapade parisienne. En plein coeur du Marais, vous aurez accès à toutes commodités :  Du supermarché au  marché des enfants rouges en passant par toutes les boutiques et resto branchés, l'appartement est idéalement situé. Métro Arts & Métiers, Temple et République à proximité.  Le CNAM, Pompidou, le Canal St St Martin à 5 min. Notre-Dame et la Place des Vosges à moins de 10 min. Possibilité de prêter un vélo. Parisien, je suis aussi guide et fondateur de  Rendez vous with Paris, une agence de guides spéc
18302	The apartment is on the 1st floor of a building dating from the 17th century, renovated recently by the rules of art At the first level , you have a living room with a sofa bed in gray leather with a very comfortable bed for 2 people , a coffee table , a dining table with four chairs, a small desk, a closet and flat screen TV international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is integrated . . It comprises all the appliances you want, with , in particular, an electric oven, a dishwasher and a washer dryer Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The second level is the bedroom. It consists of a large  bed  which can be separated into 2 beds if necessary. , bedside tables , a console and a large closet The bathroom has a large bath with shower, washbasin and toilet The apartment is air conditioned, there is  electric heating and a wood flooring covers the apartment 	Wonderful duplex apartment,  located in a fashionable street of the Marais, one of the art galleries , designer boutiques , opposite the famous “ Café des Philosophes” The apartment is on the 1st floor of a building dating from the 17th century, renovated recently by the rules of art At the first level , you have a living room with a sofa bed in gray leather with a very comfortable bed for 2 people , a coffee table , a dining table with four chairs, a small desk, a closet and flat screen TV international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is integrated . . It comprises all the appliances you want, with , in particular, an electric oven, a dishwasher and a washer dryer Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The second level is the bedroom. It consists of a large  bed  which can be separated into 2 beds if necessary. , bedside tables , a console and a large closet The bathroom has a large bath with shower, washbasin and toilet The apartm
18303	Welcome to the cozy loft/apartment where I lived for the last 8 years! REVIEWS: This apartment has been listed for 3 years and has more than 70 reviews. I had to re-post the listing but you can check all the reviews on: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/420805 I look forward to welcoming you in Paris and will do my best for you to have a wonderful experience. CENTRALLY LOCATED IN HISTORICAL MARAIS NEIGHBORHOOD... A very nice, bright,clean and tidy, newly renovated 4th floor apartment with gorgeous views on National Archives and private mansions, located in a 17th-century Marais building with old, exposed, structural beams, in a charming, very central and safe area. SPACE DESCRIPTION... The loft sleeps 4 people comfortably in 2 distinct spaces:  - 1 queen size (140x190 cm), very comfortable, high quality bed (spring mattress) in the bedroom,  - 1 king-size (160x200cm), very comfortable, high-quality leather sofa - fold out bed in the living room.  The bedroom and the living room can be separ	CENTRALLY LOCATED IN HISTORICAL MARAIS NEIGHBORHOOD... A very nice, bright,clean and tidy, newly renovated 4th floor apartment with gorgeous views. Beds up to 5 people       Welcome to the cozy loft/apartment where I lived for the last 8 years! REVIEWS: This apartment has been listed for 3 years and has more than 70 reviews. I had to re-post the listing but you can check all the reviews on: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/420805 I look forward to welcoming you in Paris and will do my best for you to have a wonderful experience. CENTRALLY LOCATED IN HISTORICAL MARAIS NEIGHBORHOOD... A very nice, bright,clean and tidy, newly renovated 4th floor apartment with gorgeous views on National Archives and private mansions, located in a 17th-century Marais building with old, exposed, structural beams, in a charming, very central and safe area. SPACE DESCRIPTION... The loft sleeps 4 people comfortably in 2 distinct spaces:  - 1 queen size (140x190 cm), very comfortable, high quality bed (spring matt
18304	The large living room, with its wooden beams and old tiles-floor is very charming and cosy. You can eat either on the dinner table or open the coffee table into a table for 8.The opened kitchen allows you to cook while talking with the people in the living room. As we don't have any near opposite buildings, the flat is very luminous, especially in the morning when the light is delightful with some coffee and croissants. There is one double bed in the master bedroom and the living room sofa can be converted to another double bed (with a very good mattress). You can take both baths and showers in the bathroom and the whole flat is freshly renovate, thus offering all modern equipment and comfort.	"While having the charm of French old stone, our flat is freshly renovated with all modern comfort and decoration. Situated on Bastille place and 5 min away from ""le Marais"", it's the perfect place to stay to discover historical and lively Paris! The large living room, with its wooden beams and old tiles-floor is very charming and cosy. You can eat either on the dinner table or open the coffee table into a table for 8.The opened kitchen allows you to cook while talking with the people in the living room. As we don't have any near opposite buildings, the flat is very luminous, especially in the morning when the light is delightful with some coffee and croissants. There is one double bed in the master bedroom and the living room sofa can be converted to another double bed (with a very good mattress). You can take both baths and showers in the bathroom and the whole flat is freshly renovate, thus offering all modern equipment and comfort. All the equipment is free for you to use. You'll fi"
18305		A beautiful bedroom in a spacious apartment right in front of Place de la republique. The location is absolutely amazing it's the heart of Paris.
18306	CHAMBRE DE BONNE 	In the same street that Picasso museum,  a confortable place with shower cooktop and fridge. Private toilets are on the floor, closed by a key. The guardian of the building clean them 3 times/day. At floor 6 with lift. QUIET AND SUNNY
18307		Sublime 3-BDR - Francs Bourgeois 3 bedrooms with queen size beds. 2 bathrooms / 3 toilets Exceptional venue in an outstanding location!
18308	It consists of : - Entrance: it distributes the living room, bathroom and bedroom, and a small laundry room with washing machine , iron and ironing board. • the living / dining room : lots of light with windows overlooking the rooftops of Paris , it offers a sofa bed for sleeping 1 adult or 2 children (120 * 190 ), coffee table, rug, dining table and five chairs, HDTV, an iPod speaker and a wireless network . - Kitchen : Open lounge, modern and fully equipped with fridge, hob, dishwasher , microwave oven, toaster, coffee maker, teapot, and everything needed for cooking.  - Bathroom : with bath, washbasin, hairdryer and WC.  - Bedroom 1: with a bed of 160 x 200cm and a wardrobe. The entrance to the room is through the bathroom - Bedroom 2: with a bed of 140 X 190 cm . The second bedroom is a small 6 m2 room  This apartment is rented with linen (sheets and towels). Electric heaters .	57 sqm 2 bedrooms renovated apartment, on the 5th floor without elevator, without vis- à-vis, windows overlooking the street and the courtyard. It consists of : - Entrance: it distributes the living room, bathroom and bedroom, and a small laundry room with washing machine , iron and ironing board. • the living / dining room : lots of light with windows overlooking the rooftops of Paris , it offers a sofa bed for sleeping 1 adult or 2 children (120 * 190 ), coffee table, rug, dining table and five chairs, HDTV, an iPod speaker and a wireless network . - Kitchen : Open lounge, modern and fully equipped with fridge, hob, dishwasher , microwave oven, toaster, coffee maker, teapot, and everything needed for cooking.  - Bathroom : with bath, washbasin, hairdryer and WC.  - Bedroom 1: with a bed of 160 x 200cm and a wardrobe. The entrance to the room is through the bathroom - Bedroom 2: with a bed of 140 X 190 cm . The second bedroom is a small 6 m2 room  This apartment is rented with linen (
18309	Please, send a message before booking, Thanks in advance  Little studio apartment providing accommodation for two to three persons ( but note that three may feel tight ) in the heart of historic Paris, in the lively areas of Beaubourg, next to the trendy Marais. Newly renovated and cleverly arranged by an interior designer, the studio apartment is furnished and fully equipped. It comes with a shower room and a kitchen area, both very functional, as well as a cosy mezzanine with a comfortable double bed, and a sitting room area with a sofa bed for extra guests. You will enjoy all modern comforts: Flat screen TV and the internet. The apartment is located on the second floor of a XVIIth century building, comprising a magnificent original wooden staircase, and it overlooks a quiet small courtyard.  It is situated in one of the liveliest districts of Paris, day and night, where you will find an abundance of shops and attractions (restaurants, cafés, trendy bars, art galleries, book shops, w	Little studio apartment providing accommodation for two to three persons ( but note that three may feel tight ) in the heart of historic Paris, in the lively areas of Beaubourg, next to the trendy Marais. Please, send a message before booking, Thanks in advance  Little studio apartment providing accommodation for two to three persons ( but note that three may feel tight ) in the heart of historic Paris, in the lively areas of Beaubourg, next to the trendy Marais. Newly renovated and cleverly arranged by an interior designer, the studio apartment is furnished and fully equipped. It comes with a shower room and a kitchen area, both very functional, as well as a cosy mezzanine with a comfortable double bed, and a sitting room area with a sofa bed for extra guests. You will enjoy all modern comforts: Flat screen TV and the internet. The apartment is located on the second floor of a XVIIth century building, comprising a magnificent original wooden staircase, and it overlooks a quiet small c
18310	"I offer you a cozy bedroom in my apartment in The Marais where I am currently living. The place is very sunny in a real old parisian apartment (18th century) in front of the ""Archives nationales"" and with one of the best location and view in Paris.  You will have your own private bedroom with a king size bed, a desk, a shelf and a shared kitchen and bathroom (hairdryer).  Are provided:  - Bed linen and towels  - Tea, coffee, sugar, salt, oil, and staples  - Soap, shampoo  - The key to the apartment."	"Comfy room in a fully-furnished flat located at the heart of the Marais For more photo and for exact adress please contact me in private message. I offer you a cozy bedroom in my apartment in The Marais where I am currently living. The place is very sunny in a real old parisian apartment (18th century) in front of the ""Archives nationales"" and with one of the best location and view in Paris.  You will have your own private bedroom with a king size bed, a desk, a shelf and a shared kitchen and bathroom (hairdryer).  Are provided:  - Bed linen and towels  - Tea, coffee, sugar, salt, oil, and staples  - Soap, shampoo  - The key to the apartment. You have access to the rest of the apartment and have a space to store your groceries in the refrigerator. In the appartment : - Washing machine  - TV - Internet I'm working in the same street in a cosy wine bar and library and will give you some advise to visit and going out in Paris, and enjoy in the Marais. I speak english and italian.  Many pl"
18311	This charming little apartment of 32m2 is ideally located in the lively neighborhood of the 11th district of Paris, next to the Marais and Place de la Bastille. The apartment is at the second level of a calm and silent apartment block, just 3 minutes away from the metro station of Saint-Sébastien Froissard (line 8) and 15 minutes from Bastille’s station (line 1, 5 and 8). The apartment can welcome until 4 people: it is furnished with a double bed along side with a sofa bed placed in the same room. This apartment also has a high-speed WiFi connection available. As for stores, you’ll find numerous ones, restaurants and bars in the neighborhood.	Charming little apartment of 32m2, ideally located in the lively neighborhood of the 11th district of Paris, next to the Marais and Place de la Bastille. This charming little apartment of 32m2 is ideally located in the lively neighborhood of the 11th district of Paris, next to the Marais and Place de la Bastille. The apartment is at the second level of a calm and silent apartment block, just 3 minutes away from the metro station of Saint-Sébastien Froissard (line 8) and 15 minutes from Bastille’s station (line 1, 5 and 8). The apartment can welcome until 4 people: it is furnished with a double bed along side with a sofa bed placed in the same room. This apartment also has a high-speed WiFi connection available. As for stores, you’ll find numerous ones, restaurants and bars in the neighborhood. I'll be reachable 24/7, in case you need something or even if you have questions. I will be there to greet you, but obviously I won't stay in the appartment during your trip.
18312	 Agréable studio entièrement rénové fin 2013 en dernier étage situé en plein coeur du Marais très calme et lumineux donnant sur cour. L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine séparée avec le matériel nécessaire à la petite cuisine, d'une salle de douche avec Wc et rangements.  La pièce à vivre dispose d'un canapé, d'un fauteuil, ainsi qu'un lit deux places. Vous disposerez d'internet haut débit wifi ou câble, d'une tv écran plat ainsi qu'un placard avec penderie pour ranger vos affaires. Le marais est un quartier très vivant de paris, disposant de tous types de commerces (restaurants, shopping, sorties, visites, musées...) L'accès à l'appartement est très pratique, avec les différents métros : Ligne 1 arrêts Saint-Paul et/ou Bastille Ligne 5 et 8 arrêt Bastille L'appartement ne dispose pas d'ascenseur, il vous faudra monter 5 étages avant de pouvoir profiter d'une vue dégagée.	200 mètres de la place des Vosges, en plein cœur du Marais. Appartement calme et lumineux proche de toutes commodités.  Agréable studio entièrement rénové fin 2013 en dernier étage situé en plein coeur du Marais très calme et lumineux donnant sur cour. L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine séparée avec le matériel nécessaire à la petite cuisine, d'une salle de douche avec Wc et rangements.  La pièce à vivre dispose d'un canapé, d'un fauteuil, ainsi qu'un lit deux places. Vous disposerez d'internet haut débit wifi ou câble, d'une tv écran plat ainsi qu'un placard avec penderie pour ranger vos affaires. Le marais est un quartier très vivant de paris, disposant de tous types de commerces (restaurants, shopping, sorties, visites, musées...) L'accès à l'appartement est très pratique, avec les différents métros : Ligne 1 arrêts Saint-Paul et/ou Bastille Ligne 5 et 8 arrêt Bastille L'appartement ne dispose pas d'ascenseur, il vous faudra monter 5 étages avant de pouvoir profiter d'une vue dégag
18313		Ce petit bijou de 31 mètres carré est situé au cœur de Paris. Une ligne de métro est directe avec les 4 gares sncf. Il est entouré de restaurants et est situé à 2 minutes à pieds de plusieurs théâtres.
18314	Its location in the heart of Paris, bright because of its exposure on the 3rd and last floor of the charming building. Calm, on a courtyard.	Hello !  This is my flat, a lovely nest in the 3rd arrondissement, in the heart of le Marais one of the best area in Paris ! It's 38 m2, on the 3rd and last floor open on a courtyard, for that it is quiet and bright. Its location in the heart of Paris, bright because of its exposure on the 3rd and last floor of the charming building. Calm, on a courtyard. All of them.  The whole accomodation is your, please be my guest !  Mi casa es su casa Please contact me anytime that you need me, I usually am reactive. Le Marais is famous for its social life, historically one of the oldest living areas in Paris, it's nowadays a very fancy, attractive area for young people to meet, for good restaurants, nightwalkers, for going out as well, for shoppers.  Plus it's very close to most of the attractions and sightseeings of Paris.  You won't regret it ! Very well connected. Subway line (phone number hidden) are all reachable in less than 5 min walking.  RER (Réseau express régional = bigger trains goin
18315		"Located in the very center of Paris, in a quiet street of the famous neighbourhood ""Le Marais"", near Rue de Bretagne. Enjoy a nicely decorated flat with a quiet bedroom"
18316	To get the best value for your money, I fit in this studio, a real bed going up in the wall to be invisible during the day, an equipped kitchen, table for dinner and breakfast. Balcony and a nice bathroom with shower. The double bed  pulls down from the wall creating a living room during the day and a perfect bed at night. The studio has a flat screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with the finest equipment and a brand new bathroom, for your comfort. 1st floor with lift. Checkin until 9:30pm. After 9:30pm, 50 euros of cash payment is required on your arrival.	"In the live part of the Marais, Close to Pompidou center, this lovely small, clean and quiet studio will be a perfect base to start walking around and discover Paris, in an area you will feel like  Parisian. MAXIMUM CHECKIN TIME 9:30PM. To get the best value for your money, I fit in this studio, a real bed going up in the wall to be invisible during the day, an equipped kitchen, table for dinner and breakfast. Balcony and a nice bathroom with shower. The double bed  pulls down from the wall creating a living room during the day and a perfect bed at night. The studio has a flat screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with the finest equipment and a brand new bathroom, for your comfort. 1st floor with lift. Checkin until 9:30pm. After 9:30pm, 50 euros of cash payment is required on your arrival. My mother called ""Frances"", will be your contact in Paris, at anytime. You can contact her on (phone number hidden) all information or by email (email hidden) MAXIMUM CHECKIN TIME 9:30pm. AFTER 9:30P"
18317	"Thank you to contact me before all inquiry (""Contact host"") ------------------- THE STUDIO ------------------- Welcome to my amazing apt, centrally located in le MARAIS! This is my own apt that i rent out sometimes, when i travel or need to work abroad Large studio of 30m²/sqm composed of the room of 25 m²/sqm + the sleeping space of 5 m²/sqm in the attic. Bright, typically parisian with exposed beams and high ceiling, the apt is out of the street noise and can accomodate up to 3 psons (sofa bed for the 3rd pson). On a high floor / NO LIFT  The attic offers a cosy sleeping space reachable from the stairs. Not recomended for guests with mobility issue. The sleeping is a mattress upon a springer for 2 psons - the wide of the mattress is not big: 130cm. You CAN NOT STAND UP in the attic The bathroom bathroom painting has just been renovated. It is composed of a shower, WC, closets, heater. The open kitchen is small but practically arranged and fully equipped - fridge, micro wave, inductio"	"Thank you to contact me before all inquiry (""Contact host"") ------------------- THE STUDIO ------------------- Welcome to my amazing apt, centrally located in le MARAIS! This is my own apt that i rent out sometimes, when i travel or need to work abroad Large studio of 30m²/sqm composed of the room of 25 m²/sqm + the sleeping space of 5 m²/sqm in the attic. Bright, typically parisian with exposed beams and high ceiling, the apt is out of the street noise and can accomodate up to 3 psons (sofa bed for the 3rd pson). On a high floor / NO LIFT  The attic offers a cosy sleeping space reachable from the stairs. Not recomended for guests with mobility issue. The sleeping is a mattress upon a springer for 2 psons - the wide of the mattress is not big: 130cm. You CAN NOT STAND UP in the attic The bathroom bathroom painting has just been renovated. It is composed of a shower, WC, closets, heater. The open kitchen is small but practically arranged and fully equipped - fridge, micro wave, inductio"
18318	The apartment consists of: - A corridor A living room furnished with a sofa bed for 2 people, a coffee table and has a HD TV with DVD player, Ipod speaker stereo system, Internet access / WiFi. - A kitchen equipped with microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, stove, refrigerator, hood, coffee maker, teapot, Toasters and absolutely everything needed to cook and eat. - A dining area with a table and up to 6 chairs (extensible table) - A first bedroom with a bed of 160 cm x 200 cm, bedside table, wardrobe, closet and HDTV. - A second bedroom with a bed of 140 cm x 200 cm, bedside table, desk and chair - Bathroom: with shower and sink, hairdryer and toilet. The linen is provided. Electric heating. Iron and ironing board.	Two bedroom apartment, 50 sqm, overlooking a courtyard on the fourth floor without elevator, quiet near the Place des Vosges. The apartment consists of: - A corridor A living room furnished with a sofa bed for 2 people, a coffee table and has a HD TV with DVD player, Ipod speaker stereo system, Internet access / WiFi. - A kitchen equipped with microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, stove, refrigerator, hood, coffee maker, teapot, Toasters and absolutely everything needed to cook and eat. - A dining area with a table and up to 6 chairs (extensible table) - A first bedroom with a bed of 160 cm x 200 cm, bedside table, wardrobe, closet and HDTV. - A second bedroom with a bed of 140 cm x 200 cm, bedside table, desk and chair - Bathroom: with shower and sink, hairdryer and toilet. The linen is provided. Electric heating. Iron and ironing board. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be at few minutes from the Pla
18319	The apartment is composed of a living area with a large queen size bed and a sofa bed for 2 extra people ( 135 x 200 cm) . There is a fully equipped kitchenette, a large bathroom with shower and separate toilets. It provides wifi access, TV with cable and international channels, towels, sheets, shampoo, soap, toilet paper, hair dryer, washing machine. etc Le cleaning and linen changing is done before arrival and at departure of guests.	35 m2 apartment in the heart of Paris 's Marais district, composed of a room with a queen size bed and a convertible sofa bed (135 x 200 cm) in the same room which can host 2 additional people. The apartment is composed of a living area with a large queen size bed and a sofa bed for 2 extra people ( 135 x 200 cm) . There is a fully equipped kitchenette, a large bathroom with shower and separate toilets. It provides wifi access, TV with cable and international channels, towels, sheets, shampoo, soap, toilet paper, hair dryer, washing machine. etc Le cleaning and linen changing is done before arrival and at departure of guests. Guests have the exclusive access to the entire apartment. The apartment is located in a beautiful 18th century building in the historic district of the Marais area, a few meters from the National Conservatory of Arts, the Gaultier Palace (beautiful building hosting Jean-Paul Gaultier's haute couture), 5 mn from the Beaubourg /Pompidou contemporary art Museum, near
18320	Charming appartment in Le Marais between the station Arts et Métiers and Rambuteau. You have a kitchen with everything to cook,a livingroom with a couch(2people can sleep in),one bedroom and a bathroom.You have parquet on the floor. You will find free internet wifi and tv in my appartment. Le marais is a great place to live with a lot of restaurants and (website hidden)'s next to everything in Paris.I'll give you some adresses to discover the real Paris... See you soon!	Charming appartment in Le Marais between the station Arts et Métiers and Rambuteau. You have a kitchen with everything to cook,a livingroom with a couch(2people can sleep in),one bedroom and a bathroom.You have parquet on the floor. You will find free internet wifi and tv in my appartment. Le marais is a great place to live with a lot of restaurants and (website hidden)'s next to everything in Paris.I'll give you some adresses to discover the real Paris... See you soon!
18321	"le studio est situé dans un des quartiers historiques tres dynamique - a deux pas du Marais wifi - TV cable la carreau du Temple est un ""village"" dans Paris ! metro ligne 3 - Temple ou metro ligne 8 - République la location est pour minimum 4 nuits"	"le studio est situé dans un des quartiers historiques tres dynamique - a deux pas du Marais wifi - TV cable la carreau du Temple est un ""village"" dans Paris ! metro ligne 3 - Temple ou metro ligne 8 - République la location est pour minimum 4 nuits location 4 nuits minimum"
18322		Cosy, practical and flexible apartment. Possibility for one big family or two couples. Walking distance to many places and very close to Marais and close to République with a big Metro station very well connected to the whole of Paris.
18323	the studio is on the fifth floor with its own shower, toilets, kitchenette etc. It is in an historic building, dating from the king Louis the XIII, built by Marquis de Joyeuse when the Place des Vosges was created by the king. We are right in the center of Le Marais, at the heart of Paris. In walking distance, you find a lot of museums, galleries, fashion shops, cafés and restaurants. You name it, you have it! They are open most of the time, making it very easy for you to live at your own rhythm. Notre Dame is 15mn away, Place des Vosges 2 mn, le Louvre 20 mn, Village Saint Paul 7mn and Centre Pompidou 15 mn away. Nearest Subway stations : St Paul (line 1) , Bastille (lines 1, 5, 8), Chemin vert, St. Sébastien Froissart (line 8)  Bus :  the Eiffel Tower), 86 etc. Four Velib stations nearby and one Autolib station just in front of the building.	the studio is on the fifth floor with its own shower, toilets, kitchenette etc.. It is in an historic building, dating from the king Louis the XIII, built by Marquis de Joyeuse. Less than 10min to subway Line 1,8,5, direct bus to Eiffeltower,GareLyon the studio is on the fifth floor with its own shower, toilets, kitchenette etc. It is in an historic building, dating from the king Louis the XIII, built by Marquis de Joyeuse when the Place des Vosges was created by the king. We are right in the center of Le Marais, at the heart of Paris. In walking distance, you find a lot of museums, galleries, fashion shops, cafés and restaurants. You name it, you have it! They are open most of the time, making it very easy for you to live at your own rhythm. Notre Dame is 15mn away, Place des Vosges 2 mn, le Louvre 20 mn, Village Saint Paul 7mn and Centre Pompidou 15 mn away. Nearest Subway stations : St Paul (line 1) , Bastille (lines 1, 5, 8), Chemin vert, St. Sébastien Froissart (line 8)  Bus :  th
18324		    Hi ,I'm Soshana and I am renting a room in my flat until the new flatmate moves in. The flat is just behind the Pompidou Centre, in a calm narrow street. The available room is a furnished double bedroom (wooden bed, wardrobe and drawer).    I have a very nice cat called Ashes. She's quite popular amongst my previous AirBnB guests. She's the nicest cat on Earth, behaves well and you won't have any problems with her. 
18325	"Take a look at this apartment in the Marais studio loft in the heart of Paris a ""trendy. Also near the Bastille, the Louvre, Palais Royal, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter. Conveniently close to several major subway lines giving access to other tourist areas such as the Champs-Elysées. Its system of colors and beams that are improvements, they define the essence of this beautiful space. The natural and artificial lighting, align with and reflect off the bright orange and light blue wall and beams respectively. The floor plan is split on two levels with very comfortable bedrooms upstairs and very willing to receive lower level. Facilities include washing machine, dryer, television, microwave oven, refrigerator, and other appliances. Shopping, shopping, and other services are at your fingertips as well. Métro Rambuteau  2mn or RER lLs Halles  5 mn Little court with garden inside the building "	"Take a look at this apartment in the Marais studio loft in the heart of Paris a ""trendy. Also near the Bastille, the Louvre, Palais Royal, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter. Conveniently close to several major subway lines giving access to other tourist areas such as the Champs-Elysées. Its system of colors and beams that are improvements, they define the essence of this beautiful space. The natural and artificial lighting, align with and reflect off the bright orange and light blue wall and beams respectively. The floor plan is split on two levels with very comfortable bedrooms upstairs and very willing to receive lower level. Facilities include washing machine, dryer, television, microwave oven, refrigerator, and other appliances. Shopping, shopping, and other services are at your fingertips as well. Métro Rambuteau  2mn or RER lLs Halles  5 mn Little court with garden inside the building "
18326	Haut du Marais, proche du square du Temple, il est idéalement situé dans ce quartier riche  en galerie d'art, cafe/brasserie, le marche ouvert des enfants rouge. Beaubourg est à 10mn à pied tout comme l'Hotel de Ville, Chatelet les Halles, la Place des Vosges, la cathedrale de Notre Dame, le Canal St Martin pour flaner ou bien se faire un jogging ! Et bien plus encore. Emplacement stratégique également avec les differentes lignes de Metro au pied de l'appartement, borne de taxi.	Haut du Marais, proche du square du Temple, il est idéalement situé dans ce quartier riche  en galerie d'art, cafe/brasserie, le marche ouvert des enfants rouge. Beaubourg est à 10mn à pied tout comme l'Hotel de Ville, Chatelet les Halles, la Place des Vosges, la cathedrale de Notre Dame, le Canal St Martin pour flaner ou bien se faire un jogging ! Et bien plus encore. Emplacement stratégique également avec les differentes lignes de Metro au pied de l'appartement, borne de taxi. L'appartement dispose d'un ascenseur allant jusqu'au 5eme etage : merci de noter qu'il y a quelques marches au rez de chaussée pour y accéder ainsi que du 5eme au 6eme. (Grand classique des immeubles parisiens!) 
18327		1 bedroom 30m2 flat, in the heart of Paris,  in the Marais an historical,  vibring Parisian neighborhood. Fully equipped. Very quiet street and private courtyard. Ideal for a week end in couple in Paris.
18328	Charming little room (under the roof) in Paris in a duplex located in the historic area Temple (just near republique). Wifi and shower available. It s located near a parc of temple. It's charming flat. The room is small, quiet and cosy, big bed (2mx2).	Charming little room (under the roof) in Paris in a duplex located in the historic area Temple (just near republique). Wifi and shower available. It s located near a parc of temple. It's charming flat. The room is small, quiet and cosy, big bed (2mx2). Acces check for cooken I m not available between 9/19 pm, i work!
18329	Paris holiday apartment mycosyflatlemarais lease located in the heart of the historic Marais district on Rue de Poitou and is within walking distance to the metro Temple, Notre Dame musée Picasso, and places des Vosges. This charming, bright and intimate apartment was recently renovated. It is situated on the 3 floor (without elevator) of a magnificent walkup building built in 1840. This flat is very quiet with a view on a yard with trees. The amenities include bedroom with queen size bed, full bath with shower, fully equipped kitchen (small refrigerator, washing machine, 2-burner hot plate and microwave, Nespresso machine...), free wifi, TV, air conidtiooning.... Le Marais : History  Le Marais is a oldest historic district in Paris, France. Long the aristocratic district of Paris it hosts many outstanding architectural buildings. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine).  Development of this sector of Paris b	Paris holiday apartment mycosyflatlemarais lease located in the heart of the historic Marais district on Rue de Poitou and is within walking distance to the metro Temple, Notre Dame musée Picasso, and places des Vosges. This charming, bright and intimate apartment was recently renovated. It is situated on the 3 floor (without elevator) of a magnificent walkup building built in 1840. This flat is very quiet with a view on a yard with trees. The amenities include bedroom with queen size bed, full bath with shower, fully equipped kitchen (small refrigerator, washing machine, 2-burner hot plate and microwave, Nespresso machine...), free wifi, TV, air conidtiooning.... Le Marais : History  Le Marais is a oldest historic district in Paris, France. Long the aristocratic district of Paris it hosts many outstanding architectural buildings. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine).  Development of this sector of Paris b
18330	In the Marais, in the heart of Paris, this apartment of 90 m2 is designed as a loft. It can accommodate two couples. It is located on the second floor without elevator in a nineteenth century building with wooden floors and fireplace. Through-hole, two large windows overlooking the courtyard and two large windows on the street make bright. Two sleeping areas, each with a double bed: a closed bedroom and a sleeping area separated by a library overlooking the living room. The kitchen is open (gas cooker, oven, fridge-freezer, dishwasher). The bathroom has shower and bathtub and a toilet (and washing machine). A second toilet is independent. You'll be in really quiet although located in the center of Paris. Discreet and respectful neighborhood.	This flat, 90 m2, clear, very calm and safe is in the heart of the Marais. Within 10 minutes walk you can reach : the Pompidou Center, the Picasso Museum, Notre Dame, the Seine banks and Les Halles shopping center. All shops and transport nearby. In the Marais, in the heart of Paris, this apartment of 90 m2 is designed as a loft. It can accommodate two couples. It is located on the second floor without elevator in a nineteenth century building with wooden floors and fireplace. Through-hole, two large windows overlooking the courtyard and two large windows on the street make bright. Two sleeping areas, each with a double bed: a closed bedroom and a sleeping area separated by a library overlooking the living room. The kitchen is open (gas cooker, oven, fridge-freezer, dishwasher). The bathroom has shower and bathtub and a toilet (and washing machine). A second toilet is independent. You'll be in really quiet although located in the center of Paris. Discreet and respectful neighborhood. W
18331	Modern 2 bedrooms  flat with all comfort.  District Marais (North) / Arts & Métiers, 2nd floor in typical Marais building. 2 bedrooms (one large and one small with double bed in each).  1 sofa bed in the living room (1 person). 1 modern bathroom with walk in italian shower. 1 large living room with fully equipped kitchen, luxury appliances. 1 toilet (separated). Ideal location at the intersection of Rue Réaumur, rue de Bretagne and rue du Temple, in front of the Temple Square and the Arts & Métiers subway station. 5 minutes walk from the historic center of Le Marais (all the best of Le Marais without the crowd!...) and 3 minutes walk from the Republic Square (renovation completed site to visit!) Walking distance of the most trendy and living areas of downtown Paris (especially the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 9th, 10th and 11th districts: 10-20 minutes walk max). Manufacture of Arts & Métiers and its fantastic museum 200 m from the flat. Restaurants: countless charming restaurants with every cu	Modern 2 bedrooms  flat with all comfort.  District Marais (North) / Arts & Métiers, 2nd floor in typical Marais building. 2 bedrooms (one large and one small with double bed in each).  1 sofa bed in the living room (1 person). 1 modern bathroom with walk in italian shower. 1 large living room with fully equipped kitchen, luxury appliances. 1 toilet (separated). Ideal location at the intersection of Rue Réaumur, rue de Bretagne and rue du Temple, in front of the Temple Square and the Arts & Métiers subway station. 5 minutes walk from the historic center of Le Marais (all the best of Le Marais without the crowd!...) and 3 minutes walk from the Republic Square (renovation completed site to visit!) Walking distance of the most trendy and living areas of downtown Paris (especially the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 9th, 10th and 11th districts: 10-20 minutes walk max). Manufacture of Arts & Métiers and its fantastic museum 200 m from the flat. Restaurants: countless charming restaurants with every cu
18332		Great 35sqm boutique apartment, 1-BDR (queen size bed + double sleeping sofa), for up to 3 guests, has been entirely refurbished and designed by a renown architect. In the heart of the Marais crossing with the tremendous rue de Bretagne.
18333	Dear Visitor, The appartment is in the very center of Paris, with 3 balconies, on 6th floor of an XVIII century building (the lift stops at the 5th). Very functionnal 26 sqm appartment, it offers a very nice view on the roofs of Paris (including The Eiffel Tower!). Towels, sheets, Internet, full cooking, washing, facilities are available. 4 Metro ligns, all shops by the street (backery, supermarket etc, etc, etc...). A nice Plug and Play appartment.  	Very functional 26 sqm flat with a lot of light, right in the center of Paris. 3 balconies, on 6th floor of an XVIII century building (the lift stops at the 5th) in a design style. Dear Visitor, The appartment is in the very center of Paris, with 3 balconies, on 6th floor of an XVIII century building (the lift stops at the 5th). Very functionnal 26 sqm appartment, it offers a very nice view on the roofs of Paris (including The Eiffel Tower!). Towels, sheets, Internet, full cooking, washing, facilities are available. 4 Metro ligns, all shops by the street (backery, supermarket etc, etc, etc...). A nice Plug and Play appartment.  Some information are useful to me. If yo could send them to me on the first message, it does help a lot. - If I can help you planing your trip ? - At what time and in which airport will you land in?  - Your flight number (I do track my guest's flight to be sure they are okay and the key delivery will be successful).  - At what time you want to check out ? For ti
18334	The apartment has a bright and sunny living room with a big confortable couch where you can enjoy the view. The kitchen is fully equiped, I'll leave you some food :) The apartement is very quiet and peaceful, perfect for romantic getaways 	Charming and peacefull apartment with stone walls, wooden floors and exposed beams. The apartment has a bright and sunny living room with a big confortable couch where you can enjoy the view. The kitchen is fully equiped, I'll leave you some food :) The apartement is very quiet and peaceful, perfect for romantic getaways  I won't be far away from the apartment and i'm reachable by text anytime, if you need anything The apartment is located in the historical center of Paris. Le marché des enfants rouges, a lovely market with organic and fresh food is one minute away from the apartment. The rue de bretagne and rue de turenne is a lovely place for shopping and sightseeing. The apartment is located in the historical center of Paris. Le marché des enfants rouges, a lovely market with organic and fresh food is one minute away from the apartment. The rue de bretagne and rue de turenne is a lovely place for shopping and sightseeing.
18335	The kitchen: cosy and open on the living room, it has 3 vitreous ceramic cooktops, oven/microwave, water boiler, Nespresso machine, toaster, steamer and all the necessary for you to cook your french meals! The living room: with a nice perspective on the rest of the apartment, it has a TV, transformable couch 140x200, old chimney, mirror, phone, wifi and a table with four chairs for your meals. The sleeping room: the bed 140x190 is on a mezzanine and it has a closet which will allow to empty all your bags. The bathroom: it has space and is very modern. You will find a bathtub, a washbasin with mirror, a washing machine and a toilet.	This apartment which is situated in the known Marais will welcome you with family or friends. You will appreciate its charme with its exposed beams, the cosy ambiance and the location which will allow you to explore the culture, shopping and food... The kitchen: cosy and open on the living room, it has 3 vitreous ceramic cooktops, oven/microwave, water boiler, Nespresso machine, toaster, steamer and all the necessary for you to cook your french meals! The living room: with a nice perspective on the rest of the apartment, it has a TV, transformable couch 140x200, old chimney, mirror, phone, wifi and a table with four chairs for your meals. The sleeping room: the bed 140x190 is on a mezzanine and it has a closet which will allow to empty all your bags. The bathroom: it has space and is very modern. You will find a bathtub, a washbasin with mirror, a washing machine and a toilet. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available via phone and email. Musée des Arts et Métiers, M
18336	"A bottle of fresh water and a basket of fruits, as to celebrate your arrival and wish you a warm ""Welcome Home"".  Roof top, 6th floor - with an elevator ! Bathbub. Wi-Fi. Cable TV, flat screen. DVD player. Washing machine - with a dryer ! Fridge, oven, toaster, coffee machine, water boiler, etc. And sheets, with a quilt, and bathroom towels are provided."	"Very luminous 323/377 square feet (30/35m2) studio, in the heart of Paris, Le Marais (Saint Paul). Two balconies. Great view on all roof tops, and even on the sparkling Eiffel Tower at night. Beautiful sunsets. Very romantic.  A bottle of fresh water and a basket of fruits, as to celebrate your arrival and wish you a warm ""Welcome Home"".  Roof top, 6th floor - with an elevator ! Bathbub. Wi-Fi. Cable TV, flat screen. DVD player. Washing machine - with a dryer ! Fridge, oven, toaster, coffee machine, water boiler, etc. And sheets, with a quilt, and bathroom towels are provided. Le Marais ! Right in the historical center of Paris. Filled with galleries, and shops, and nice bars and restaurants. Very animated, everything is open on sundays ! 2 minutes walk from Rue de Rivoli, 3 minutes from our somptueous Place des Vosges, 10 minutes from the magnificient Île Saint Louis, Notre Dame, 15 from Saint Germain des Près. And 1 subway stop from Bastille, 3 from Châtelet and only 5 from Palais Ro"
18337	L'espace est très agréable de part sa grande hauteur sous-plafond. L'appartement n'a pas de vis à vis. Au 1er étage, il donne sur une cour pavée calme et fleurie. Idéal pour un couple ou bien une personne seule. The space is very nice to share. It has great ceiling height . The apartment is not overlooked. On the 1st floor , overlooking a quiet paved courtyard with flowers . Ideal for a couple or a single person.	Je m'appelle Lazare, je suis passionnée par l'art et les voyages. Je serais très heureuse de vous accueillir dans  mon grand studio ( 42 m2 ) avec cuisine, salle de bain et entrée séparées au coeur du Marais à deux pas du musée Picasso. L'espace est très agréable de part sa grande hauteur sous-plafond. L'appartement n'a pas de vis à vis. Au 1er étage, il donne sur une cour pavée calme et fleurie. Idéal pour un couple ou bien une personne seule. The space is very nice to share. It has great ceiling height . The apartment is not overlooked. On the 1st floor , overlooking a quiet paved courtyard with flowers . Ideal for a couple or a single person. * draps et serviettes de toilettes sont fournis  * salle de bain avec une douche à l'italienne et WC * cuisine avec cuisinière vitrocéramique, lave-linge et lave vaisselle * chauffage au gaz * accès WIFI gratuit * mini chaine Denon * Bed linen and towels are provided * Bathroom with a walk-in shower and WC * Kitchen with ceramic hob , washing m
18338	"This accommodation is located in the heart of ""The Marais"" near many shops ( Merci.. ) , bars (Café Charlot .. ) , art galleries ( gallery perrotin ... ) and museums (Picasso museum ... ) and 100m from the Place des Vosges. You can access housing by taxis or metro (subway "" Filles du Calvaire "" "" St. Sebastian - froissart "" or ""Chemin Vert"" on line 8 ) "	"This accommodation is located in the heart of ""The Marais"" near many shops ( Merci.. ) , bars (Café Charlot .. ) , art galleries ( gallery perrotin ... ) and museums (Picasso museum ... ) and 100m from the Place des Vosges. You can access housing by taxis or metro (subway "" Filles du Calvaire "" "" St. Sebastian - froissart "" or ""Chemin Vert"" on line 8 ) le quartier du marais est le quartier parisien historique sur la rive droite de la seine.  you can access housing by taxis or metro (subway "" Filles du Calvaire "" "" St. Sebastian - froissart "" or ""Chemin Vert"" on line 8 ) "
18339		Discounted during the whole Summer *!!!* A fantastic space accommodating up to 8 people very comfortably. Located on the 2nd floor of a Parisian building of the heart of our beautiful city of lights. Looking forward to be welcoming you there...
18340	Logement typique du Marais dans un hôtel particulier, avec poutres apparentes dans le salon. L'appartement est tres lumineux car il dispose d'une double exposition (4 fenêtres d'un côté et deux de l'autre) et il est situé au 3ème étage. Il est aussi très calme car il n'est pas situé dans un rue bruyante (les bars et restaurants sont dans les rues autour, mais pas juste en-dessous :)	"Beautiful apt in a typical Marais mansion (""hôtel particulier""). Spacious living room. Large bedroom. Fully equipped kitchen with bar. Double exposure, 6 windows. Wifi, TV, PC, speakers, washing machine, dish washer, gym. Museums and hip venues.  "
18341	Situé dans le 2ème arrondissement de Paris, vous trouverez tout types de commerces à proximité ( boulangerie, supermarché, cafés, restaurants...) , à 5 min a pied des Arts et Métiers , et du quartier à la mode Montorgueil, à 10 min du Marais et à 15 min du Musée du Louvre et les grands boulevards. 	Superb renovated 1 bedromm 40m2. Located in the really heart of paris,  The apartement consist of: a livig room with a double sofa, an open fully furnished kitchen, an independant bedroom with dressing, bathroom with toilet. 
18342	This furnished accommodation is also equipped with 1 single and a sofa bed with one shower room and a kitchen corner. It can accommodate up 3 pax. Other features are including a stove, fridge, TV, Blu-ray player, air conditioner, safe box, iron, central heating system and free Wi-Fi hotspot. Room size: 18 sq.m. Sofa bed: 140 x 190 cm. (extra single bed: 90 x 200 cm.) 	"A warm cozy studio situated at the heart of Paris (3rd district/Beaubourg) on the Paris' famous modern art gallery street ""Rue Quincampoix”. It's located in a hip area where modern art and nightlife are perfectly blended together. This furnished accommodation is also equipped with 1 single and a sofa bed with one shower room and a kitchen corner. It can accommodate up 3 pax. Other features are including a stove, fridge, TV, Blu-ray player, air conditioner, safe box, iron, central heating system and free Wi-Fi hotspot. Room size: 18 sq.m. Sofa bed: 140 x 190 cm. (extra single bed: 90 x 200 cm.)  First main entrance with the key card. As well as, the second security door access with the key card. Mostly, I will hand the key to my guests in person (if possible). Otherwise, I will be at the studio for the check out process. You can just few steps to a self-service laundry, 2 min by foot to center Georges Pompidou, 5 min walk to Le Marais, and between 10 to 15 min to Hotel De Ville and the "
18343	45m2, on the 6th floor (no elevator), with amazing view on the rooftops of Paris. It's located 2 minutes walk from Place des Vosges, Bastille. In in the Marais. separate room wifi, washing mashine, tv plasma, LOTS of books in the flat. 	45m2, on the 6th floor (no elevator), with amazing view on the rooftops of Paris. It's located 2 minutes walk from Place des Vosges, Bastille. In in the Marais. separate room wifi, washing mashine, tv plasma, LOTS of books in the flat. 
18344	My flat is located on the 5th and top floor,. Thanks to its East/West exposure it is very sunny and bright, even in winter. The living room is invaded by sun in the afternoon whereas the bedroom overlooking the courtyard is so quiet that it's hard to believe you are in the center of Paris. Both rooms offer a beautiful view over the rooftops which will make you feel like being in the middle of the Disney classic Aristocats. 	This cosy little two room flat (30m²) is located on the 5th floor of a typical Marais building, in a perfect spot to explore galleries, museums and shops. It's a beautifully decorated and has an archetypal Parisian feel with plenty of charm. My flat is located on the 5th and top floor,. Thanks to its East/West exposure it is very sunny and bright, even in winter. The living room is invaded by sun in the afternoon whereas the bedroom overlooking the courtyard is so quiet that it's hard to believe you are in the center of Paris. Both rooms offer a beautiful view over the rooftops which will make you feel like being in the middle of the Disney classic Aristocats. You will have the place to yourself. This flat is where I come back to when I need to refill my batteries and I hope my guests will respect and enjoy it as much as I do. I travel a lot and will not be there during your stay. However, I am online all the time and always available should you need any advice or assistance. The reaso
18345	"The apartment is really lovely and a really typical parisian flat, located 24 rue Réaumur, 75003 Paris. It is a one bedroom appartment of 43 sq, fully furnished. The kitchen is open on the living room. The living room is very bright and has wooden floor. There is a big sofa, where two people could sleep. During your stay, you could enjoy our TV, computer, hi-fi system and wifi connection. The bedroom is really huge, with a king size bed. The appartment is perfectly located in ''Le Marais'', in the center of Paris (3rd district). You have different metro stops close to the flat : ""Arts et métiers"" (lines 3 and 11) is just down of the building) and République is 5 minutes walking (lines 5, 8 and 9). If you want to travel in Paris by bike, you have a Velib stop just down the building, where you can rent a bike for a day. If you want to go for shopping, you will in 5 minutes to the shops of ""Le Marais"", in 10 minutes to Chatelet, and in 15 minutes to the big shops ""Galeries Lafayette"" and"""	"Lovely typical french parisian flat, located 24 rue Réaumur, 75003 Paris. The appartment is perfectly located in ''Le Marais'', in the center of Paris (3rd district). The flat is perfect to spend a few days in Paris ! The apartment is really lovely and a really typical parisian flat, located 24 rue Réaumur, 75003 Paris. It is a one bedroom appartment of 43 sq, fully furnished. The kitchen is open on the living room. The living room is very bright and has wooden floor. There is a big sofa, where two people could sleep. During your stay, you could enjoy our TV, computer, hi-fi system and wifi connection. The bedroom is really huge, with a king size bed. The appartment is perfectly located in ''Le Marais'', in the center of Paris (3rd district). You have different metro stops close to the flat : ""Arts et métiers"" (lines 3 and 11) is just down of the building) and République is 5 minutes walking (lines 5, 8 and 9). If you want to travel in Paris by bike, you have a Velib stop just down the"
18346	Ideally located in the heart of the Marais on the 2nd floor. (no elevator) High ceilings and original details mixed with modern style, with a mezzanine built on top of the kitchen and bathroom. Apparently the perfect parisian apartment.  	Luminous apartment in the heart of the Marais designed by an architect. Ideally located in the heart of the Marais on the 2nd floor. (no elevator) High ceilings and original details mixed with modern style, with a mezzanine built on top of the kitchen and bathroom. Apparently the perfect parisian apartment.  There are speakers that you can connect to your device with a mini-jack. Shower and washing machine in the bathroom.  Upstairs you find shelves for storage and a futon bed. The kitchen is equipped with a stove, unfortunately there is no oven. There is also a juicer, blender and basic utensils.  I must warn you that the bed is very hard, some guests say it's so hard they prefer to sleep on the couch. I like it hard and have no intentions of changing the mattress. Lively area filled with shops and restaurants.  3 minutes walk from Musée Picasso. 5 minutes walk from Centre Pompidou. 25 minutes walk from the Louvre.  The following stations are all less than a 10min walk (website hidden
18347	vue imprenable sur le conservatoire des Arts-et-Metiers appartement spacieux, très lumineux et sans vis-a-vis beaux matériaux et tissus - meubles soigneusement chinés  	Situe au 5e etage d'un immeuble XIX, avec ascenseur et gardienne - sans vis-a-vis, vue imprenable sur le conservatoire des Arts-et-Metiers. L'appartement vient d'être rénové - les matériaux, couleurs et mobilier ont été soigneusement choisis. vue imprenable sur le conservatoire des Arts-et-Metiers appartement spacieux, très lumineux et sans vis-a-vis beaux matériaux et tissus - meubles soigneusement chinés tout l'appartement joli balcon avec table et chaises pour prendre le petit déjeuner ou un verre. suis a la disposition de voyageurs pour des conseils pour profiter du quartier et de l'appartement. Il est idéal pour un couple ou une famille avec 2 enfants. Le canapé lit est très confortable avec matelas épais.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée: four électrique, four micro-onde, plaque a induction, frigo / congélateur, lave-linge.  La vaisselle et les ustensiles sont neufs. les petits cafés, restaurants, boutiques autour des rues Verbois, de Bretagne, Saintonge, Charlot. Quartier cen
18348	Studette en bon état, lumineuse (exposée Sud Ouest sur rue), comprenant une pièce principale à usage de séjour chambre avec un espace bureau et placards penderie, équipé d'un canapé-lit (dimension 130 x 200 cm) et d'un lit une place en mezzanine (dimension de 190 X 90 cm), un coin cuisine aménagé et équipé (réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson deux feux, hotte aspirante, mini four et micro-ondes), une salle d’eau avec douche, lavabo et WC sanibroyeur. Chauffage et eau chaude individuels électriques. A proximité immédiate des commerces et de la rue de la Roquette et des places de la Bastille et des Vosges. Studio flat in good condition, bright, southwest presentation understanding a main room with use of stay room and chamber room with a space office. You have many storage in height.	Dans un quartier animé (Bastille-Roquette - place des Vosges) et dans un immeuble ancien en bon état avec ascenseur, digicode, interphone, en étage, studette de 14 m2 en bon état, lumineuse (exposée Sud Ouest sur rue) comprenant une pièce principale. Studette en bon état, lumineuse (exposée Sud Ouest sur rue), comprenant une pièce principale à usage de séjour chambre avec un espace bureau et placards penderie, équipé d'un canapé-lit (dimension 130 x 200 cm) et d'un lit une place en mezzanine (dimension de 190 X 90 cm), un coin cuisine aménagé et équipé (réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson deux feux, hotte aspirante, mini four et micro-ondes), une salle d’eau avec douche, lavabo et WC sanibroyeur. Chauffage et eau chaude individuels électriques. A proximité immédiate des commerces et de la rue de la Roquette et des places de la Bastille et des Vosges. Studio flat in good condition, bright, southwest presentation understanding a main room with use of stay room and chamber room with a space
18349	Very charming , perfect for a couple or two, very high ceiling, glass mezzanine.Very beautiful and old building. 	Very charming , perfect for a couple or two, very high ceiling, glass mezzanine.Very beautiful and old building.  Wifi, great expresso machine, washing machine, dryer, dish washing machine The Marais district gets its name from its location: once a marshland (‘marais’), it has been inhabited ever since it was drained back in the 12th century. This historic area is now one of the most visited districts of the French capital, for its architectural heritage as well as its unique vibe. The district is shaped like a triangle, bordered respectively by Place de la Bastille, Place de la République and the HÔTEL de Ville. It has a number of private mansions dating to the 17th and 18th centuries, some of which have been converted into internationally renowned museums such as the Musée Picasso, the Maison de Victor Hugo and the Musée Carnavalet. The beautiful and well-proportioned square known as Place des Vosges is a highlight of a stroll through the Marais. Rue des Rosiers, the Jewish quarter o
18350	Big open living room with open-plan kitchen, two separate confortable bedrooms for 4 adults, (one bed for a baby as an option) right in the middle of the trendy street of Rue de Poitou, the fashion street. 	"60 m2 flat,  a luminous open living room, two separate rooms. Raw and comfortable, in the Haut Marais, between fashion creators, historical private mansions, art gallery, Picasso Museum,  Carreau du Temple and ""Place des Vosges"". Big open living room with open-plan kitchen, two separate confortable bedrooms for 4 adults, (one bed for a baby as an option) right in the middle of the trendy street of Rue de Poitou, the fashion street. they will have access to everything they need for an enjoyable stay We'll be happy to explain to them the cool places around and present them to the district life. And let them enjoy asap A very special mix between authentic parisian lifestyle and international best trendy restaurants and bars like ""le Progrès"" or ""Candelaria"", best bars in Paris. A lot of cosy café terrasses in the evening after shopping at the multiple creators shops   easy to go on foot or on Velib anywhere in Paris. If you prefer public transportation: buses lines, and subway stations in"
18351	Le logement Sans le moindre bruit, à deux pas de la Place des Vosges, vous serez au coeur de l'un des plus beaux quartiers historiques de Paris, Le Marais. Profitez de la capitale dans un appartement charmant & design situé au dernier étage du couvent des Minimes, construit en 1605 par Marie de Medicis. Transformé en immeuble, il accueille aujourd'hui 11 appartements qui donnent sur une belle cour intérieure, calme et fleurie.  Il peut accueillir 2 adultes et 1 petit enfant.	Notre appartement de 45m2 ( 2 pièces ), idéal pour les couples ( + bébé ou petit enfant ) qui veulent découvrir Paris, très sympa à vivre. Il est entièrement équipé, on y passe de très bons moments ! Le logement Sans le moindre bruit, à deux pas de la Place des Vosges, vous serez au coeur de l'un des plus beaux quartiers historiques de Paris, Le Marais. Profitez de la capitale dans un appartement charmant & design situé au dernier étage du couvent des Minimes, construit en 1605 par Marie de Medicis. Transformé en immeuble, il accueille aujourd'hui 11 appartements qui donnent sur une belle cour intérieure, calme et fleurie.  Il peut accueillir 2 adultes et 1 petit enfant. Audio système Bose & Home cinéma, un bureau équipé internet fibre et une imprimante, une salle de bains avec douche et WC (non-séparés), une cuisine de standing. Equipements :Internet sans fil - TV câblée - Home cinéma vidéo projecteur - Ordinateur disponible - 2 Vélos avec cadenas - Lave vaisselle silencieux - Lave li
18352		Appartement en plein coeur du Marais métro Arts et métiers. 60m2. Salon avec tomettes et poutre apparente, belle hauteur sous plafond. Cuisine équipée. Chambre avec salle de bain. WC séparé. 3 eme étage d'un immeuble typique parisien, central. Wifi.
18353	"""Quartier de l'Horloge"" is opposite the Georges Pompidou's center. This recent building is located in the center of Paris. Located in a very safe building (2 doors before enter inside) Then an elevator, 4th floor, will transfer you to this flat (20 M²) with a very comfortable convertible couch, a flat screen TV, internet connection, telephone, bathroom with full bath and bathtube. Little kitchen with kettle, micro-wave, fridge and everything for little cooking. Towels, soap, shampoo, hair dryer and everything for bathroom is include. This place is very bright and quite.The apartment is within a short walking distance from :  Very near ( 5 minutes by foot) -Beaubourg ""Georges Pompidou's"" Center, -Saint-Jacques Tower, -Town Hall of Paris, -Saint-Merri's Cathedral, -Saint-Eustache's Church, -The Halles of Paris, -Area of Le Marais, -The Seine, -Area of Montergueil Further than, just 10 minutes by foot :  - The huge Notre-Dame cathedral, - Saint-michel, - The Conciergerie (caretaker's lodg"	"Neighbhood Clock ""is at the center of the Georges Pompidou. This new building is located in the center of Paris . Metro: Rambuteau or Châtelet- les-Halles Lines : L.11 / L.1 / L.4 / L.7 / L.14 Train : RER A & B - Direct from CDG / ORLY airport Located in a very secure building (2 door before entering inside) Then , lift , 4th floor takes you to the apartment (20 sqm ) with a very comfortable sofa bed, a flat screen TV , Internet connection, telephone , bathroom with bathtub. Towels, soap , shampoo, hairdryer and everything for bathroom included. Small kitchen with kettle, microwave, refrigerator and all for a small  This place is very bright and quiet. You are a short walking distance: Very close ( 5 minutes walk) Church Hall - Beaubourg Centre "" Georges Pompidou "" - Tour Saint- Jacques , - City of Paris , Saint- Merri Cathedral Saint- Eustache - The Halles de Paris , on the regions of the Marais - La Seine -Area of Montergueil Further , only 10 minutes walk: - The huge cathedral Notre"
18354	"The apartment is quiet  in a middle of a  disctrict  full of bistrots with terrasses,and charming boutiques  ""avant garde""The parc of the Cityhall of the 3rd disctrict is only 300m away. The marché des enfants rouges is  next to it . We are at  5minutes away walking  from the metro hub Republique where 5 train lines which take you quickly to many other places of the city Here you have the feeling of being in a countryside little french  city, but you are in the very center of Paris The flat has got 6 windows over a very quiet street almost  entirely pedestrian looking more like a private square with its own « becs de gaz » street lights. The atmosphère is really parisian and romantic  especially at night. Plus it is a historical adress the ""commune de Paris"" used to meet there at this adress precisely. The apartment  is at 1st floor and looks south /south west with sun in the afternoon. 2 larges rooms and a decoration in the style of the 60s plus some modern items since the owner is an"	" Decorated by an   artist , quiet , romantic in old Paris  giving on a quiet street    with almost  no cars .5 persons can stay there...extremely well located  in the heart of Paris in a fashionable and cultural  area  next to 2 metro stations . The apartment is quiet  in a middle of a  disctrict  full of bistrots with terrasses,and charming boutiques  ""avant garde""The parc of the Cityhall of the 3rd disctrict is only 300m away. The marché des enfants rouges is  next to it . We are at  5minutes away walking  from the metro hub Republique where 5 train lines which take you quickly to many other places of the city Here you have the feeling of being in a countryside little french  city, but you are in the very center of Paris The flat has got 6 windows over a very quiet street almost  entirely pedestrian looking more like a private square with its own « becs de gaz » street lights. The atmosphère is really parisian and romantic  especially at night. Plus it is a historical adress the ""com"
18355	Spacious loft style studio, decorated with taste.  Ideal for a couple, located in a romantic area with a breathtaking garden view. Always here to welcome and advise you. Close to the Centre Georges Pompidou (National Museum of Modern Arts), Étienne Marcel and the famous Marais area. Hotel de Ville (City Hall) and Notre-Dame de Paris are right down the street! Amazingly well located. Several metro/RER stations : Chatelêt Les Halles : RER A, B (if you're coming from Orly or Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport), D. Étienne Marcel : métro 4 (2 min walk) Rambuteau : métro 11 (right across the street) Arts et Métiers : métro 1 (3 min walk) Hôtel de Ville : métro 1 (4 min walk)	Spacious loft style studio, decorated with taste.  Ideal for a couple, located in a romantic area with a breathtaking garden view. Always here to welcome and advise you. Close to the Centre Georges Pompidou (National Museum of Modern Arts), Étienne Marcel and the famous Marais area. Hotel de Ville (City Hall) and Notre-Dame de Paris are right down the street! Amazingly well located. Several metro/RER stations : Chatelêt Les Halles : RER A, B (if you're coming from Orly or Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport), D. Étienne Marcel : métro 4 (2 min walk) Rambuteau : métro 11 (right across the street) Arts et Métiers : métro 1 (3 min walk) Hôtel de Ville : métro 1 (4 min walk)
18356	Notre appartement est typiquement parisien, de style haussmannien, avec parquet au sol et plafonds moulurés. Situé dans un quartier vivant, il est cependant très calme et silencieux.	Notre appartement est situé juste à côté de la place de la République, dans le Marais, quartier historique riche en beaux monuments et musées. Proche de nombreux commerces, restaurants et cafés, sa situation est idéale pour découvrir la ville. Notre appartement est typiquement parisien, de style haussmannien, avec parquet au sol et plafonds moulurés. Situé dans un quartier vivant, il est cependant très calme et silencieux. 80 m2 de superficie. 2 chambres : une avec un grand lit et une chambre avec un petit lit.  2 séjours : un avec un canapé-convertible 2 places. 1 salle de bain avec douche. 1 cuisine entièrement équipée (cuisinière, frigidaire, lave-vaisselle...). 1 toilette. De très nombreuses lignes de bus et métro passent à proximité, ce qui rend vraiment facile la découverte de Paris, en transports communs, à pieds (en 15 min à pieds vous serez à Châtelet les Halles) ou à vélo (une borne de vélos en libre-service se trouve au pied de l'immeuble).
18357	Studio 30 m2 (30m from Picasso museum). Groundfloor on a nice and quiet little street with lot of art gallery. Little entry with table, separate bedroom with one bed (180x200), kitchenette and bathroom with italian shower and wc. Induction, microwaves, little fridge, washer and dryer machine, wifi, Nespresso the cafe, sheets, towels & shampoo.	"Separate bedroom, king size bed (180X200), kitchenette , bathroom with italian shower. Quite little street on a heart of le Marais. ""Perfect central location within walking distance of bars, restaurants, cafes and easy as a base to visit Paris"" Studio 30 m2 (30m from Picasso museum). Groundfloor on a nice and quiet little street with lot of art gallery. Little entry with table, separate bedroom with one bed (180x200), kitchenette and bathroom with italian shower and wc. Induction, microwaves, little fridge, washer and dryer machine, wifi, Nespresso the cafe, sheets, towels & shampoo. Independent accommodation Check In 13:00pm  Check Out 11:00am If you need indications, feel free to ask, I would do my best to help you. Picasso museum at 1mn Place des Vosges (au N° 6, maison de Victor Hugo) at 5mn Place de Thorigny at 2mn Beaubourg Centre Georges Pompidou museum (restaurant to take a drink on the (email hidden) Institut Suedois 2mn Square Sévigné 5mn From CDG airport, the best way for me"
18358	A very nice mezzanine with typicals beams!	"In the heart of the mytical ""Marais"" next to Pompidou centre, this confortable appartment is perfect for a short stay in Paris. A quiet place in the middle of the city! Fully furnished! 4th floor without elevator A very nice mezzanine with typicals beams! Studio typique des hôtels haussmanniens ! une pièce principale avec une cuisine, un canapé pour regarder la TV. Une petite salle de bain avec WC. En haut, se trouve une grande mezzanine avec le grand lit! Joignable pendant le séjour des voyageurs Son dynamisme,ses nombreuses boutiques d'art, de bouche, et de mode! Idéal lorsque l'on se déplace à pieds, vélo et transports en commun! Metro/Subway: Strasbourg St Denis (L4.8.9) Sortie 2/ rue St Martin, vous êtes arrivés! J'habite à Paris. J'aime énormément cette ville, son énergie et ses nombreuses découvertes! j'espère pouvoir partager ma passion parisienne avec ceux qui visitent Paris pour la première fois et aussi avec ceux qui reviennent pour revoir Paris. Soyez les bienvenus!"
18359	It’s an old building typical of Paris’ central areas. The apartment is on the 2nd floor with no elevator, and its windows are facing the street. The studio has a very nice layout and a tidy decoration. It opens onto the equipped kitchen. The bathroom is accessible from the entrance and is made up of a shower tub and WC. A dining area separates the kitchen from the main room. Near the large windows, there is a sofa bed (140 cm) and on the other side, there is a double bed (160 cm) with a wardrobe.	With a refined decoration using warm colors, this studio has everything you need to please you. Very pleasant and comfortable, you will quickly feel at home. Located near the Place de la République, you will be charmed by the excitement of this area. It’s an old building typical of Paris’ central areas. The apartment is on the 2nd floor with no elevator, and its windows are facing the street. The studio has a very nice layout and a tidy decoration. It opens onto the equipped kitchen. The bathroom is accessible from the entrance and is made up of a shower tub and WC. A dining area separates the kitchen from the main room. Near the large windows, there is a sofa bed (140 cm) and on the other side, there is a double bed (160 cm) with a wardrobe. Thanks to its numerous stores, the Temple’s neighborhood is animated and very pleasant to live in, little courtyards and pathways give a nice setting.  Near the large Place de la République, the metro station, with the same name, will allow to go 
18360	This nicely decorated flat has  exposed beams with large windows offering an unobstructed view to south-facing Parisian rooftops. 10 min walking distance from Notre Dame and 20 min from Louvre, this high standard flat in a very central location has all amenities such as dishwasher, micro-wave, oven or washing machine.  Sofa convertible into a bed can welcome 2 additional people.	Nice typical flat in the Marais district, 10 min away from Notre Dame and 20 min away from Louvre. Located on the last floor, it has 2 spacious rooms with plenty of light during the day with a unique vue to the rooftops of Paris buildings. This nicely decorated flat has  exposed beams with large windows offering an unobstructed view to south-facing Parisian rooftops. 10 min walking distance from Notre Dame and 20 min from Louvre, this high standard flat in a very central location has all amenities such as dishwasher, micro-wave, oven or washing machine.  Sofa convertible into a bed can welcome 2 additional people. Not only it is in the heart of old Paris down Beaubourg and the Marais but it's also very close to convenient tube stations (Chatelet Republique) in order to commute to anywhere in the city.  Located at the heart of the old Paris going back to the 12th century, the Marais district is one of the top 10 things to visit in Paris according to Times magazine together with Notre Da
18361	This one bedroom apartment is very well situated, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated. It is in the heart of Marais area. The apartment is structured as follows: Bedroom: double bed, wardrobe, moving clothes hanger. Living room: double convertible sofa bed, TV, table with chairs. Area Kitchen: fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils. Bathroom: shower and WC. This apartment is on the 2nd French floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, coffee machine, washing machine, hairdryer, iron and ironing Board, electric heating, washing machine. We provide bed linen and towels.  We do not provide shampoo, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste. 	This apartment is very well situated and just renovated, quiet and cozy, which can accommodate 4 persons. The decoration is morden and simple. It is in the heart of Paris Marais area. This one bedroom apartment is very well situated, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated. It is in the heart of Marais area. The apartment is structured as follows: Bedroom: double bed, wardrobe, moving clothes hanger. Living room: double convertible sofa bed, TV, table with chairs. Area Kitchen: fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils. Bathroom: shower and WC. This apartment is on the 2nd French floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, coffee machine, washing machine, hairdryer, iron and ironing Board, electric heating, washing machine. We provide bed linen and towels.  We do not provide shampoo, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste. The guests have access to the whole apa
18362	Grand appartement de 80m2 très bien situé, proche de la station de métro République ( desservie par 5 lignes de métro : 3,5,8,9,11) Quartier animé, idéal pour tout type de sorties ( Restaurants, théâtre, bar, Cirque d'Hiver, etc.) Proche toutes commodités  Logement situé au deuxième étage d'un immeuble typique parisien, grand escalier	Proposing a room in a big shared flat very well located Big and sunny living room/fitted kitchen/ bath in the bathroom
18363	Charmante petite studette idéalement située dans le haut marais à proximité de tous commerces et des endroits prisés.    Elle donne sur une cour intérieure très calme: vos nuits seront de tout repos! Cette studette est agréablement  agencée et entièrement équipée  (four, four à micro-onde, réfrigérateur, TV, Wifi, WC, douche à l'italienne, vrai lit…) Studette sécurisée: deux portes avec code sont à franchir Nice small studio flat ideally situated in the High Marais near alimentary shops, shops and appreciated places. It gives onto a very quiet inner courtyard: you will have good sleep! This small studio flat is secured, well agenced and completely equipped (oven, oven with microwave, refrigerator, TV, WiFi, TOILETS,  a shower Italian-style, real bed)	"Petite studette fonctionnelle, donnant sur une cour intérieure très calme.  Elle peut accueillir jusqu'à deux personnes. Elle est idéalement située dans le quartier du haut marais et à proximité des métros ""Arts et Métiers"", République et Temple Charmante petite studette idéalement située dans le haut marais à proximité de tous commerces et des endroits prisés.    Elle donne sur une cour intérieure très calme: vos nuits seront de tout repos! Cette studette est agréablement  agencée et entièrement équipée  (four, four à micro-onde, réfrigérateur, TV, Wifi, WC, douche à l'italienne, vrai lit…) Studette sécurisée: deux portes avec code sont à franchir Nice small studio flat ideally situated in the High Marais near alimentary shops, shops and appreciated places. It gives onto a very quiet inner courtyard: you will have good sleep! This small studio flat is secured, well agenced and completely equipped (oven, oven with microwave, refrigerator, TV, WiFi, TOILETS,  a shower Italian-style, rea"
18364	TO RENT IN PARIS NORTH MARAIS in a lovely and trendy area : 2 big bedroom flat (50 sq meters) - one bedroom, one big living room (open kitchen), bathroom just renewed and separate WC - located at North Marais (Rue du Vertbois in 3rd arrondissement) - the closest metro station being Arts et Metiers, Temple. It's typical (tiles, beams), sunny and quiet, clean, sunny, on the 4th floor (no lift) in a typical old building (18th century). Fully equipped & furnished with Internet, free wifi, TV.  I lived abroad fro years, in consequence the flat is full of textiles, carpets and worldwide decoration.     	    2 big bedroom flat (50 sq meters) - one bedroom, one big living room (open kitchen), bathroom just renewed and separate WC - located at North Marais (very trendy Rue du Vertbois) - the closest metro station being Arts et Metiers.     TO RENT IN PARIS NORTH MARAIS in a lovely and trendy area : 2 big bedroom flat (50 sq meters) - one bedroom, one big living room (open kitchen), bathroom just renewed and separate WC - located at North Marais (Rue du Vertbois in 3rd arrondissement) - the closest metro station being Arts et Metiers, Temple. It's typical (tiles, beams), sunny and quiet, clean, sunny, on the 4th floor (no lift) in a typical old building (18th century). Fully equipped & furnished with Internet, free wifi, TV.  I lived abroad fro years, in consequence the flat is full of textiles, carpets and worldwide decoration.     Full flat at guest' convenience We will be away It's very central and close to everything. A trendy area, but quiet street.  Nice area, well-known and simple 
18365	Enjoy the feeling of staying in a small house as guests of this bright apartment. A comfortable double bedroom is present in addition to a pleasant living room with a plush sofa and an intimate dining table. Use the fitted kitchen to prepare light meals.	    this cosy loft apartment is located on a quiet street in the historic Le Marais District. Boasting high ceilings and exposed wooden beams and stonework, it is just 200 metres from the Arts et Métiers Metro Station.    Enjoy the feeling of staying in a small house as guests of this bright apartment. A comfortable double bedroom is present in addition to a pleasant living room with a plush sofa and an intimate dining table. Use the fitted kitchen to prepare light meals. The high-tech Centre Georges Pompidou is 400 meters away. Lined with restaurants, cafes and shops, Rue Montorgueil Street can be reached within a 650-metre distance. Walk for 10 minutes to reach the underground shopping area of Les Halles.  Those with an interest in architecture will find many outstanding buildings as they walk through the streets of Le Marais. Stop in a cafe or bakery for lunch. I live in the area since many years.. i know many places. I will be happy to share it with you. Le marais est mon quartier 
18366	20 m2  1 room with convertible sofa and open kitchen fully equipped  1bathroom  5th floor without elevator	A cosy place to stay in the historic part of Paris 20 m2  1 room with convertible sofa and open kitchen fully equipped  1bathroom  5th floor without elevator Wi-fi Living just next door I can be helpful anytime The great things about my neighborhood are  -many museums  (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) - many great restaurants  -oldest food market (website hidden) - shopping malls (website hidden) (website hidden) -shopping street Rue des Francs Bourgeois is just few minutes by walk -public transport all around
18367	appartement typiquement parisien du marais mais refait a neuf	Quartier vivant et Hype deux pieces entièrement refait a neuf  - premier etage sans ascenseur très calm et clair  Entree, WC separe, Salon avec cuisine US équipée réfrigérateur four, plaques halogènes, Lave Vaisselles, salle de bains avec douche a l'italienne et dressing, chambre avec lit double de 140 Le canapé du salon est convertible et peut recevoir une personne supplémentaire  Pas de Volet, pas de TV appartement typiquement parisien du marais mais refait a neuf tout le logement est disponible Nous sommes disponibles pour vous aider dans votre découverte de Paris si vous le souhaitez un des quartiers les plus anciens de la capitale, très hype et en plein renouveau metro temple a 50 mètres, bus velib' autolib'  mais tout se fait a pieds... comme vous êtes au centre vous pouvez rayonner facilement
18368	Beautiful Parisian apartment of 50 sqm, on the boulevard Voltaire 75011, Located in the heart of Paris, between Bastille, Le Marais and Republique.  In a typical Parisian style (fireplace, hardwood floors and moldings), this apartment is modern and consists of a cozy living room, a bedroom with double bed and desk, a kitchen, a bathroom and a separate WC.  Located on the 6th floor with elevator, the apartment is very bright: 2 large glass doors in the living room and bedroom, not overlooked, giving both the courtyard and the street.  The apartment has 3 small balconies (living room, bedroom, bathroom).  Equipment:  Largescreen TV, DVD player, IPod station  Fully equipped kitchen: fridge, oven, dishwasher, kettle, toaster ...  Iron and ironing table, walk-in shower, washing machine.  Private Wifi access. 	The perfect location to discover Paris in few days while feeling like at home. You can enjoy a lot of fashion shops, trendy bars and restaurants in the area; and you will easily rich all the touristic places of Paris with the subway lines.  Beautiful Parisian apartment of 50 sqm, on the boulevard Voltaire 75011, Located in the heart of Paris, between Bastille, Le Marais and Republique.  In a typical Parisian style (fireplace, hardwood floors and moldings), this apartment is modern and consists of a cozy living room, a bedroom with double bed and desk, a kitchen, a bathroom and a separate WC.  Located on the 6th floor with elevator, the apartment is very bright: 2 large glass doors in the living room and bedroom, not overlooked, giving both the courtyard and the street.  The apartment has 3 small balconies (living room, bedroom, bathroom).  Equipment:  Largescreen TV, DVD player, IPod station  Fully equipped kitchen: fridge, oven, dishwasher, kettle, toaster ...  Iron and ironing table,
18369	A louer, chambre dans un appartement de 80m2. Chambre avec lit 2 places, très calme, sur cour.  Cuisine avec tout ce qu'il faut pour le petit déjeuner : cafetière, bouilloire, thé, café, etc.  7 min à pied de Beaubourg , Les Halles et Châtelet.  Métro Temple ou République  (25 mètres) Restaurants et supermarchés à proximité.  Serviettes de toilettes, draps fournis, machine à laver, wifi, etc...	"Room in a 80sqm in ""Le Marais"". 50meters from Metro Temple and Republique A louer, chambre dans un appartement de 80m2. Chambre avec lit 2 places, très calme, sur cour.  Cuisine avec tout ce qu'il faut pour le petit déjeuner : cafetière, bouilloire, thé, café, etc.  7 min à pied de Beaubourg , Les Halles et Châtelet.  Métro Temple ou République  (25 mètres) Restaurants et supermarchés à proximité.  Serviettes de toilettes, draps fournis, machine à laver, wifi, etc... Vous aurez accès à toutes les parties communes à savoir salle de bains, salon et cuisine. L'appartement se trouve dans l'hyper centre de Paris à République. Cinq lignes de métro passent par ici (3, 5, 8, 9, 11)"
18370	Luxurious apartment Hausmanien right in the heart of Paris situated in 2 steps of the Marais, Beaubourg Museum, Bastille and Place des Vosges..and a grocery shop right across the street. Bright and quiet with 3 bedrooms (2 bed 160x200 + 1 bunk beds), 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets is ideal to lodge 2 families  with kids (possible to add 2 sleepings).	"Ideal central situation for this apartment, just a step from ""le marais"" and Republique place. Very spacious and comfortable it is perfect for big families or couples that want to have a real parisian experience Luxurious apartment Hausmanien right in the heart of Paris situated in 2 steps of the Marais, Beaubourg Museum, Bastille and Place des Vosges..and a grocery shop right across the street. Bright and quiet with 3 bedrooms (2 bed 160x200 + 1 bunk beds), 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets is ideal to lodge 2 families  with kids (possible to add 2 sleepings). 2 Plasma TV with cable, Wi-Fi internet, video games (WÏ and Ps3). Towels will be available and the cleaning will be made once a week. We speak english, spanish so don't hesitate to send your questions, we will respond right away! Lively neighborhood with nice restaurants or the best shopping spots you will find and the best art galleries. By bus or subway (5 lines) in 15mns you can reach the Louvre, Notre Dame, Opéra, Primptemps  or Gal"
18371	The appartement is very romantic with old wood beams. It is located in the center of Paris, in a sunny and quite street, on the third floor.  The appartement includes two nice low tables, a desk, an eating table that can stretch, a convertible bed for two persons. The bathroom includes a bath, a shower, toilets and a sink. Sheets and towels are provided.  The appartement includes a Nespresso coffee machine, a kettle, an oven also micro wave, a fridge, a Philips multi colour lamp, a towster. The kitchen inludes  plates, glasses, cups, a wok, pans, cutlery, salad bowl, etc. There is an ADSL box with wifi. You will have shower gel, shampoo and a hair dryer. To pack away your clothes, you have a  wardrobe and a shelf.  	The appartement is very romantic with old wood beams. It is located in the center of Paris, in a sunny and quite street, on the third floor.  The appartement includes two nice low tables, a desk, an eating table that can stretch, a convertible bed for two persons. The bathroom includes a bath, a shower, toilets and a sink. Sheets and towels are provided.  The appartement includes a Nespresso coffee machine, a kettle, an oven also micro wave, a fridge, a Philips multi colour lamp, a towster. The kitchen inludes  plates, glasses, cups, a wok, pans, cutlery, salad bowl, etc. There is an ADSL box with wifi. You will have shower gel, shampoo and a hair dryer. To pack away your clothes, you have a  wardrobe and a shelf.  To welcome you and to write you, I speak French, English and German. Located close to the Beaubourg museum of modern art and to the Marais neighborhood, a lively and historic part of Paris with charming shops and restaurants from all over the world.  The appartment is locate
18372	"Spacious and Sunny 3Br in the very heart of Paris ""Le MARAIS"". Ideally located between La Bastille, Place des Vosges, Musée Picasso and Beaubourg (Pompidou Center). The flat is on the 3rd Floor (no elevator), its 1000 sq ft  enjoy every sun exposure, and pleasant view. One large bed (140X200 cm) in the main bedroom,  two adult single bed (90X200 cm) in each child's room, and a third temporary one we can store underneath. and a small children bed (120X60 cm) in the second child's room. This is the standard bedding configuration, but I can arrange it as you wish. For sure linen and towels are provided.  If you like to cook, you will enjoy the quite large kitchen (where you could have breakfast (cause sun is in the kitchen in the morning), with woven, cooker, micro-wave woven, steamer, toaster, nespresso-maker, dish-washer.   The table in the living room is extensible so you can easily be 12 on table. Wifi access. (you will find the code inside the apartment.) Large TV (42 inch) Wifi-inte"	"Spacious and Sunny 3Br in the very heart of Paris ""Le MARAIS"". Ideally located between La Bastille, Place des Vosges, Musée Picasso and Beaubourg (Pompidou Center). The flat is on the 3rd Floor (no elevator), its 1000 sq ft  enjoy every sun exposure, and pleasant view. One large bed (140X200 cm) in the main bedroom,  two adult single bed (90X200 cm) in each child's room, and a third temporary one we can store underneath. and a small children bed (120X60 cm) in the second child's room. This is the standard bedding configuration, but I can arrange it as you wish. For sure linen and towels are provided.  If you like to cook, you will enjoy the quite large kitchen (where you could have breakfast (cause sun is in the kitchen in the morning), with woven, cooker, micro-wave woven, steamer, toaster, nespresso-maker, dish-washer.   The table in the living room is extensible so you can easily be 12 on table. Wifi access. (you will find the code inside the apartment.) Large TV (42 inch) Wifi-inte"
18373		L'appartement, situé dans un immeuble classé historique, dispose de deux chambres indépendantes avec sdb à chaque étage et d'un salon avec cuisine américaine toute équipée au rdc.  Idéalement situé en plein coeur du Marais, très lumineux et calme.
18374	Very cozy and calm, my appartment is perfect accomodate you during your exciting trip in Paris. The space is perfect for one or two. The big window and a skylight lets the appartment have all the sunlight you need. The kitchen is equipped with electric stove, oven, and refrigerator. You'll sleep in a sofabed which is just as comfortable as the real bed, and you can easily transform it into a sofa for a bigger space	Hello travelers, As I have mentioned in the title, my appartment is situated in Le Marais, in the neighborhood of Saint-Paul to be more precised. Very well located, the building is surrounded by boutiques, cafés, and hidden paradise of Paris. Very cozy and calm, my appartment is perfect accomodate you during your exciting trip in Paris. The space is perfect for one or two. The big window and a skylight lets the appartment have all the sunlight you need. The kitchen is equipped with electric stove, oven, and refrigerator. You'll sleep in a sofabed which is just as comfortable as the real bed, and you can easily transform it into a sofa for a bigger space My building has an elevator, which makes it no problem if you have big luggages The building is very well situated. It is in the famous Le Marais, near the métro Saint-Paul to be more precised. The neighborhood is also known for the most exciting place for shopping, or just strolling around and museum-hopping. Moreover, it is also the p
18375		Dans un très bel immeuble datant de 1840, un appartement luxueux de 62 m2 donnant sur la cour du musée d'histoire juive (17ième), Refait à neuf,décoré avec goût, lumineux,haut de plafond. Cuisine équipée, salle de bain en marbre.
18376	It was just renovated with quality furniture and appliances and the 2 floors keep the intimacy of 2 couples or 1 couple and 2 kids.	Our apartment is located in Le Marais on a very nice and quiet courtyard of a 18th century building. We just renovated it with the best quality aplliances. It is at a few steps of most touristic spots and 2 mn away from the nearest metro station. It was just renovated with quality furniture and appliances and the 2 floors keep the intimacy of 2 couples or 1 couple and 2 kids. However it is close to many good restaurants, you'll be able to cook having all necessary appliances. I'll be there to welcome you and tell you my preferred restaurants around and answer all your questions. I love and know Paris very well. Quiet but at a few steps of everything. You'll walk most of the time but it is 2mn away from the Metro Arts et Métiers (Line 3 and 11) And 4mn from Strasbourg St Denis (Line 4, 8 and 9) and République (Line 5, 8, 9, 11) 
18377	Tout Paris accessible à pied, en vélib' ou en métro. Petit appartement tout confort et très chic.	Charmant petit appartement très fonctionnel, aménagé avec goût et distinction. Récemment refait à neuf (Septembre 2014) Proche de toutes commodités. 30m2 Tout Paris accessible à pied, en vélib' ou en métro. Petit appartement tout confort et très chic. A tout à condition de respecter l'endroit! Je ne serai pas présent lors du séjour. Idéalement situé entre le Marais, chic et mode et le quartier Strasbourg - St Denis / Grands boulevards plus populaire et animé. Proche du Marché des Enfants Rouges pour Bruncher, de nombreux musées, salles de concerts et théâtres tous accessibles à pieds (Gaîté Lyrique, Théâtre de la Porte St Martin, Musée des Arts et Métiers, Beaubourg...).
18378		"Welcome to our spacious 30 square meters ( 330 square feet ) a 2 room apartment ( 1 bed + 1 sofa ) on the 6th  floor ( without elevator)  based at less than 100 meters from the famous ""Place des Vosges "" in a typical building of the marais. "
18379	Studio Gravilliers is a 21.5m² fully refurbished apartment located on the third floor of a typical Marais building, with a lift. The building has a security door and an intercom at the entrance.  The apartment comfortably sleeps 2 adults. The interior is elegant and light, and opens out to a lovely view along the pedestrian street opposite our building.	Studio Gravilliers is a 21.5m² fully refurbished apartment located on the third floor of a typical Marais building, with a lift. The building has a security door and an intercom at the entrance.  The apartment comfortably sleeps 2 adults. Studio Gravilliers is a 21.5m² fully refurbished apartment located on the third floor of a typical Marais building, with a lift. The building has a security door and an intercom at the entrance.  The apartment comfortably sleeps 2 adults. The interior is elegant and light, and opens out to a lovely view along the pedestrian street opposite our building. This fully-furnished self-contained apartment contains:   - Deluxe convertible double sofa bed  - Fully-equipped kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, cooking rings, microwave oven, toaster, coffee-maker, dinnerware and serving pieces - Walk-in shower (bathroom is heated) - Washing machine In the culturally vibrant 3rd arrondissement, between the Pompidou Centre and the district Arts et Métiers, the refu
18380	My appartment is really bright, colourful and comfortable. It has a view on a little courtyard so it is totally quiet.	Nice 36 m² in the very center of Le Marais, at 3mn from le marché des enfants rouge. My appartment is really bright, colourful and comfortable. It has a view on a little courtyard so it is totally quiet. Nespresso coffee machine, all kitchen equipment, iron, books, board games and DVDs. I host my guest as long as they need it, it can be 5mn or one hour if them need information on the district !
18381	Cozy apartment in central Paris in the Marais district, between the Pompidou Museum and the Picasso Museum, ideal for walking to the great monuments such as Notre-Dame, the Sainte-Chapelle, the Seine River or even the Louvre. The neighborhood is lively, full of typical French shops and restaurants; you will have everything you need within two minutes of the building. At the same time the building is quiet and has no street noise at night, so you will be able to rest quietly. The apartment is on the third floor of a historic building included in the inventory of National Monuments (built in 1810). The building has been modernized and has an elevator. Find the antique charm and modern comfort in a newly renovated apartment. The apartment has two bedrooms, one with double bed an another with two single beds, a livingroom with a double sofa bed (in the apartment can sleep up to 6 people), a bathroom, and a kitchen fully eqquipped. The apartment is fully equipped: Internet, TV, Hi-fi, washi	Cozy apartment in central Paris in the Marais district, between, ideal for walking to the great monuments such as Notre-Dame, the Seine River or even the Louvre.  Lively neighborhood with great shops, restaurants and cafés, and yet a quiet apartment. Cozy apartment in central Paris in the Marais district, between the Pompidou Museum and the Picasso Museum, ideal for walking to the great monuments such as Notre-Dame, the Sainte-Chapelle, the Seine River or even the Louvre. The neighborhood is lively, full of typical French shops and restaurants; you will have everything you need within two minutes of the building. At the same time the building is quiet and has no street noise at night, so you will be able to rest quietly. The apartment is on the third floor of a historic building included in the inventory of National Monuments (built in 1810). The building has been modernized and has an elevator. Find the antique charm and modern comfort in a newly renovated apartment. The apartment has
18382	HOME INSTRUCTIONS 1.WIFI NUMERICABLE-EDF7  => code 1VYUKITWYS 2.LIVING ROOM Watching TV No satellite TV sorry Sound & music: turn on the amplifier if you want to have great sound! Music Take the Harman Kardon remote, and press AUX Plug your device on the amplifier with the Jack (website hidden) Oven The inscriptions are unfortunately rubbed Here is what is supposed to be written:         Microwave Just turn the big rolling button to set the heating timing Then press on it to start Dishwasher   4.OTHER You can call us for any emergency at (phone number hidden) 	"In the heart and trendy part of Paris ""Le marais"", enjoy a rare 1 bedroom apartment with a big lounge, in the pure parisian style (moulding, chimneys, parquet), and simple but elegant decoration.  It benefits from pretty quiet surroundings. 100m from subway station ""Saint Sébastien Froissart"", line 8."
18383	"In the heart of Paris, of a newly renovated building, this charming 20m2 studio with mezzanine is ideally located: it is a 5 minute-walk to the burgeoning place de la Republique, the Pompidou Centre,-with its great art exhibits and fabulous views of Paris, and rue de Rivoli, a shopper's dream. Near the building, you will find an organic supermarket, a juice bar/veggie eatery, an Asian noodleey and a bakery. The Louvre and the Tuileries Garden are a 15 minute metro ride away. In the studio, you will have at your disposal a TV, wifi, a large collection of DVD/Blu Ray. The kitchen is equipped with a stove, a micro-wave, a kettle, a coffee machine and all other necessary cooking equipment. The mezzanine holds a large bed (160*200). The bathroom comes with a machine-washing, a blow dryer, an iron and ironing board. A fan is also available. For couples with young children, a cot and a stroller are available on demand. Cosy and atypical with his high ceilings and traditional ""tomettes"" floors"	This charming studio with mezzanine is ideally located: it is a 5 minute-walk to the burgeoning place de la Republique, the Pompidou Centre,-with its great art exhibits and fabulous views of Paris, and rue de Rivoli, a shopper's dream. In the heart of Paris, of a newly renovated building, this charming 20m2 studio with mezzanine is ideally located: it is a 5 minute-walk to the burgeoning place de la Republique, the Pompidou Centre,-with its great art exhibits and fabulous views of Paris, and rue de Rivoli, a shopper's dream. Near the building, you will find an organic supermarket, a juice bar/veggie eatery, an Asian noodleey and a bakery. The Louvre and the Tuileries Garden are a 15 minute metro ride away. In the studio, you will have at your disposal a TV, wifi, a large collection of DVD/Blu Ray. The kitchen is equipped with a stove, a micro-wave, a kettle, a coffee machine and all other necessary cooking equipment. The mezzanine holds a large bed (160*200). The bathroom comes with a 
18384	"Recently renovated, well-lit, newly furnished flat in a quiet building overlooking a courtyard On the edge of the Marais in the 3rd Arrondisement  Fun neighborhood with many galleries, restaurants, and boutiques  5 minute walk from the George Pompidou Center and 10 minute the Seine River (near Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame Cathedral)  5 meters from Metro Lines 3 and 11, Station ""Arts et Métiers"" Capacity: 1 - 4 people  Surface of 30m ²  Walk up (no elevator)"	"Stylish one-bedroom apartment in a hip neighborhood in the heart of Paris. A short walk from many central monuments and right next to the metro. Recently renovated, well-lit, newly furnished flat in a quiet building overlooking a courtyard On the edge of the Marais in the 3rd Arrondisement  Fun neighborhood with many galleries, restaurants, and boutiques  5 minute walk from the George Pompidou Center and 10 minute the Seine River (near Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame Cathedral)  5 meters from Metro Lines 3 and 11, Station ""Arts et Métiers"" Capacity: 1 - 4 people  Surface of 30m ²  Walk up (no elevator) 1 “American” style kitchen with a bar, dishwasher, and all kitchen appliances  1 living room with sofa bed and chairs  1 bathroom with a sink, Italian shower, toilet, washing machine, and heater/dryer  1 bedroom with a queen bed Wireless internet access  Clean linens and towels provided  Hairdryer provided House Rules Flexible with respect to children/pets. Please try to avoid excessive noise"
18385	"Want to spend a few days in Paris? My little Parisian cocoon newly renovated waiting for you!  It is on the 3rd floor (no elevator) in a typical Parisian building from the 17th century. Perfect for couples, it can accommodate two to three people, with a double bed and the possibility of sleeping on the mezzanine.  Why choose it?  Very central location:  - A short walk from the main tourist areas of the city and its major museums - Marais, Louvre, Pompidou Center, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, Rue Rivoli ..., ideal for exploring the city and live a Parisian experience  - Direct access to the airport with the RER line B and the metro station ""Châtelet-Les Halles"";  - Close to 3 metro stations: ""Rambuteau"" - line 11, ""Arts and Crafts"" - lines 3 and 11, ""Etienne Marcel"" - line 4;  - Many boutiques and fashionable restaurants nearby - rue Rivoli, Les Halles, rue Saint Martin, Marsh ...  - Quiet and on.  comfort:  - A bed 168x205 cm for two people and the mattress 130x190 cm on the mezzanine for one "	"Want to spend a few days in Paris? My little Parisian cocoon newly renovated waiting for you!  It is on the 3rd floor (no elevator) in a typical Parisian building from the 17th century. Perfect for couples, it can accommodate two to three people, with a double bed and the possibility of sleeping on the mezzanine.  Why choose it?  Very central location:  - A short walk from the main tourist areas of the city and its major museums - Marais, Louvre, Pompidou Center, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, Rue Rivoli ..., ideal for exploring the city and live a Parisian experience  - Direct access to the airport with the RER line B and the metro station ""Châtelet-Les Halles"";  - Close to 3 metro stations: ""Rambuteau"" - line 11, ""Arts and Crafts"" - lines 3 and 11, ""Etienne Marcel"" - line 4;  - Many boutiques and fashionable restaurants nearby - rue Rivoli, Les Halles, rue Saint Martin, Marsh ...  - Quiet and on.  comfort:  - A bed 168x205 cm for two people and the mattress 130x190 cm on the mezzanine for one "
18386	Entièrement rénové, très lumineux et ensoleillé, poutres apparentes, cuisine équipée avec lave-vaiselle, lave-linge, appareil nespresso, plaques induction, parquet au sol, TV, Internet, Lecteur DVD, appartement traversant donnant sur la rue de Bretagne et derrière au calme sur cour. 	    Appartement 2 Pièces, Chambre à coucher grand lit, salon lit canapé 2 P, tout équipé, 4ème étage SANS ascenseur au cœur de Paris, aucun vis-à-vis, vue sur les toits de Paris. Surface 37m2. Location minimum 2 nuits. Tél. : (phone number hidden).     Entièrement rénové, très lumineux et ensoleillé, poutres apparentes, cuisine équipée avec lave-vaiselle, lave-linge, appareil nespresso, plaques induction, parquet au sol, TV, Internet, Lecteur DVD, appartement traversant donnant sur la rue de Bretagne et derrière au calme sur cour.  Immeuble sécurisé avec digicode. Attention : 4ème étage SANS ascenseur.  Le quartier dans les Marais très animé, à côté du Marché des Enfants Rouges, cafés, restaurants, proche de la  Place des Vosges, Musée Picasso, Musée des Archives, Musée des Arts et Métiers.  Tous les magasins en bas de l'immeuble : boulangerie, boucherie, épicerie, spécialités, fromager, vin, etc. + marché. 30 Minutes Aéroport d'Orly et Roissy, Gare du Nord à 5 stations de métro, ligne
18387	"La taille de l'appartement est de 50 mètres carrés (550 pieds carrés i. e). Jusqu'à 6 personnes peuvent profiter d'un maximum de confort. L'appartement vient d'être rénové, il est comme neuf. Il conserve son aspect traditionnel et charmant, celui d'un appartement typiquement parisien (poutres apparentes et parquet), mais sa conception moderne (entièrement designé par un architecte) le rend fonctionnel et pratique. La cuisine est parfaitement équipée. Situé en plein coeur du Marais, vous êtes à distance de marche des musées les plus importants, des galeries d'art, des restaurants et des boutiques branchés. Vous serez à un pâté de maisons du Musée Picasso, vous ferez une promenade agrable vers la place des Vosges, le musée Carnavalet ou le Centre Pompidou. Bus (au pied de l'immeuble) et métro (lignes 1 et 8 à proximité) vous offrent tout Paris. Tout le linge de maison est fourni et aucun ""extra"" ne vous sera demandé. Alors, pourquoi hésiter ? "	"La taille de l'appartement est de 50 mètres carrés (550 pieds carrés i. e). Jusqu'à 6 personnes peuvent profiter d'un maximum de confort. L'appartement vient d'être rénové, il est comme neuf. Il conserve son aspect traditionnel et charmant, celui d'un appartement typiquement parisien (poutres apparentes et parquet), mais sa conception moderne (entièrement designé par un architecte) le rend fonctionnel et pratique. La cuisine est parfaitement équipée. Situé en plein coeur du Marais, vous êtes à distance de marche des musées les plus importants, des galeries d'art, des restaurants et des boutiques branchés. Vous serez à un pâté de maisons du Musée Picasso, vous ferez une promenade agrable vers la place des Vosges, le musée Carnavalet ou le Centre Pompidou. Bus (au pied de l'immeuble) et métro (lignes 1 et 8 à proximité) vous offrent tout Paris. Tout le linge de maison est fourni et aucun ""extra"" ne vous sera demandé. Alors, pourquoi hésiter ? "
18388	"APARTMENT 4th floor without elevator, the apartment is very bright and clear ( east / south-west) with an unobstructed view. The apartment has all the charm of the old ( floor tiles , interior shutters , moldings and fireplaces ) and modern comfort (it was refurbished in 2013). It comprises: · A large living room with sofa bed leather , such as "" Sleeping daily "" (very comfortable) and dining table for 4. · An open kitchen fully equipped with hob, ceramic hob, microwave, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat : dishes, pots , cups, glasses . · One bedroom with a real double bed in quiet, overlooking a sunny courtyard. · A bathroom with shower , toilet, towels, washing machine. · Large closets . The building of the late 18th is typical of the Marais and very well maintained . It features a digital lock that secures access . "	"Lots of charm for this typical Marais apartment! Archives Beaubourg area. Ideal for a couple or a family of up to four people. APARTMENT 4th floor without elevator, the apartment is very bright and clear ( east / south-west) with an unobstructed view. The apartment has all the charm of the old ( floor tiles , interior shutters , moldings and fireplaces ) and modern comfort (it was refurbished in 2013). It comprises: · A large living room with sofa bed leather , such as "" Sleeping daily "" (very comfortable) and dining table for 4. · An open kitchen fully equipped with hob, ceramic hob, microwave, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat : dishes, pots , cups, glasses . · One bedroom with a real double bed in quiet, overlooking a sunny courtyard. · A bathroom with shower , toilet, towels, washing machine. · Large closets . The building of the late 18th is typical of the Marais and very well maintained . It features a digital lock that secures access . Within 10 minutes walking dist"
18389		Lovely flat with 2 bedrooms (Double for adult and 2 single for kids) with all commodities (kitchen, internet, TV,  dishwasher and washing machine). Lots of cupboards. The apparent woody beams give a very nice and typically parisian atmosphere.
18390		Located in the heart of Le Marais at the famous Place des Vosges! Access to a beautiful park in the center and everything is minutes away. The apartment is filled with charm and design, perfect for a romantic Parisian getaway. My office is located right next to the apartment so I am always around if there are any questions, concerns and or tips. If not I am always reachable by phone or email as well. Le Marais is one of Paris' best neighborhoods. We have all the best shopping, restaurants, new concepts, cafés, parks and galleries. Being one of the very few neighborhoods in the city to be open on Sunday it is very lively yet very quiet and peaceful at night.   The Place des Vosges is one of the oldest squares in Paris where the royal family lived. In particular the Kings wing was located in the same building that the apartment is in.  Along the entire square there are galleries and shops with great cafés such as Cafe Hugo (where the writer Victor Hugo once lived), Ma Bourgogne (a classi
18391	16m2 and slightly mansard-roofed, it has a sofa bed 140*200 with a very good sleeping quality. It has a kitchen well equiped (microwave, cooktop, kettle ...) and shower-room / toilets. It is a peaceful place, at the last floor of the building, without elevator.	Typical parisian little studio, with exposed beam and old exagonal floor tile. Newly renovated, it is peaceful, south oriented, at the 5th floor. Located in central Paris, in the north of 'le Marais', a trendy district. 16m2 and slightly mansard-roofed, it has a sofa bed 140*200 with a very good sleeping quality. It has a kitchen well equiped (microwave, cooktop, kettle ...) and shower-room / toilets. It is a peaceful place, at the last floor of the building, without elevator. The studio is very central and allows you to discover Paris in lots of different directions! Either towards the Marais and Bastille, Beaubourg or Montorgueil, the Grands Boulevards or Saint Martin canal: everything is less than 10 minutes walk. The North Marais is a trendy district, with numerous galleries and restaurants opened recently. The studio is nearby numerous subway stations: Republic ( 3,5,8,9,11 ), Temple ( 3 ), Arts and Metiers ( 3,11 ) or Réaumur-Sébastopol ( 4 ); as well as bus stations (lines 20 an
18392	"A 5-minute walking from Arts et Métiers Station. Easy access to all Paris: Line 3 and 11 Pedestrian street with many shops and restaurants. Renovated apartment in a quiet building overlooking the street. Capacity: 2 people Surface 20 m² 3rd floor with elevator. 1 kitchen (microwave, kettle, coffee machine, fridge, stove) 1 bathroom with a sink, bathtub and toilet 1 bedroom with a very comfortable sofa bed 140*190cm - Mattress ""Simons"" Internet Access - WiFi The linen is provided (towel and sheet). Facilities: Vacuum Coffee maker Iron and ironing board Micro-wave Stove Refrigerator TV Dishes Kettle Hairdryer Services: Free Internet Access Bed linen are provided Towels provided"	"The Marais has a fascinating history. Like an aging pop star, the quartier has remade itself many times, and today retains several identities. It’s the city's epicenter of cool with hip boutiques, designer hotels, and art galleries galore. A 5-minute walking from Arts et Métiers Station. Easy access to all Paris: Line 3 and 11 Pedestrian street with many shops and restaurants. Renovated apartment in a quiet building overlooking the street. Capacity: 2 people Surface 20 m² 3rd floor with elevator. 1 kitchen (microwave, kettle, coffee machine, fridge, stove) 1 bathroom with a sink, bathtub and toilet 1 bedroom with a very comfortable sofa bed 140*190cm - Mattress ""Simons"" Internet Access - WiFi The linen is provided (towel and sheet). Facilities: Vacuum Coffee maker Iron and ironing board Micro-wave Stove Refrigerator TV Dishes Kettle Hairdryer Services: Free Internet Access Bed linen are provided Towels provided Security Deposit upon arrival"
18393	"Top floor (6th), 50 sqm, 1 big living room, 1 small bedroom, 7 windows, very bright. Charming, with original old beams from 1800's. High speed wi-fi with free phone to landlines worldwide. Very small elevator up to 5th floor -  then a few steps to the 6th.  In a small typical parisian building, inhabited by families, very calm. Very safe and lively neighborhood. Very comfortable for 4 guests, can accomodate up to 6. In Le Marais / Enfants-Rouges area. Great for walking, shopping traditional food, going to bars and cafés or to visit Le Marais landmark ""hotels particuliers""... and more art galleries than you can visit in a month.  10 minutes walking to Place des Vosges. Two subway stations within 1 minute walk. = Big open living room with 2 large sofa-beds and 1 separate bedroom w Queen size bed, .  Bathroom with tub. Washing machine. Separate laundry dryer 6kg. Blow dryer, etc. Open kitchen, desk, lunch. Water pressure back to normal after building repairs.  Phone with FREE AND UNLIMITE"	"It is a pleasure for me to receive people and make them comfortable in this bright, minimalist apartment in Le Marais Top floor (6th), 50 sqm, 1 big living room, 1 small bedroom, 7 windows, very bright. Charming, with original old beams from 1800's. High speed wi-fi with free phone to landlines worldwide. Very small elevator up to 5th floor -  then a few steps to the 6th.  In a small typical parisian building, inhabited by families, very calm. Very safe and lively neighborhood. Very comfortable for 4 guests, can accomodate up to 6. In Le Marais / Enfants-Rouges area. Great for walking, shopping traditional food, going to bars and cafés or to visit Le Marais landmark ""hotels particuliers""... and more art galleries than you can visit in a month.  10 minutes walking to Place des Vosges. Two subway stations within 1 minute walk. = Big open living room with 2 large sofa-beds and 1 separate bedroom w Queen size bed, .  Bathroom with tub. Washing machine. Separate laundry dryer 6kg. Blow drye"
18394	Appartement situé au 1er. étage avec ascenseur. Toutes les fenêtres sont en double vitrages ce qui vous assure d'une tranquilité totale.	"- En plein cœur de Paris entre quartier ""Des Halles"",""Beaubourg"" & ""le Marais"",un très bel appartement, entièrement refait à neuf, tout confort.  Dans le Paris historique, un immeuble du XIXème siècle, au premier étage avec ascenseur,lumineux,entièrement insonorisé (double-vitrage).  Vous êtes au Centre de la Capital, où vous trouverez tous les commerces (traiteurs, boulangerie, pâtissiers, ...) et services (Parking sous-terrain gardé à 50m, banques, transports, sortie nocturnes etc.…..). Les principales lignes de Métro, Bus et RER sont à proximité immédiate (150m).  Ne gâchez pas vos dernières heures à Paris, nous faisons le ménage pour 40.-€ et pouvons garder vos bagages si vous le désirez.  Appartement de prestige,literie de grande qualité (160cmX200cm et 90cmX200cm ou 180cmX200cm), beaux volumes, cuisine équipée, 2 WC dont un séparé. - Téléphone gratuit vers Fixes (100 pays); - Support pour votre""I.Pod ou I.Phone"" Appartement situé au 1er. étage avec ascenseur. Toutes les fenêtres "
18395	The 1 bedroom flat is very atypique and is composed with original rocks and beams are visible. The flat beneficials of the comfort that you need for your short or long stay.	A beautiful 1 bedroom flat in the heart of Paris in the 1st arrondissement. The area of the Halles and the Marais is well known and it's the place to be, come and enjoy a unique flat fully furnished. It will provide you all the comfort and the quiet you need. The 1 bedroom flat is very atypique and is composed with original rocks and beams are visible. The flat beneficials of the comfort that you need for your short or long stay. You will have full access to the flat. You can contact me by phone or mail before, during and after your stay. I am available and responsive. The area is the most lively in Paris. In the heart of the Marais and the Halles, you will find everything you were looking for. You must discover this place. Tube Station : Rambuteau (brown line 11) or the Halles (yellow line 1) If you come from the airport (Roissy or Orly) I can propose to you a private driver, he will be welcoming you and take you straight from the airport to the appartement for 60 euros. Please keep i
18396	The apartment consists of: - The living room : is furnished with a sofa bed for 1 person , a coffee table, a dining table for 6 , 6 chairs, and is equipped with a HD TV with DVD player , a IPOD speaker stereo system , internet / Wifi access  - the kitchen is equipped with microwave , dishwasher , washing machine, dryer , stove , fridge, cooker , coffee maker, kettle , toaster and absolutely everything necessary for cooking and eating.  - entrance hall leading to all other parts , with a dressing .  - The first room : includes a bed of 160 cm x 200 cm, - the second bedroom with a double bed  - Bathroom : with bath, hairdryer.  - WC. Linen is provided. Electric heating.	2 bedrooms apartments 80 m2, overlooking a courtyard on the first floor with an elevator, in a beautiful condominium. The apartment consists of: - The living room : is furnished with a sofa bed for 1 person , a coffee table, a dining table for 6 , 6 chairs, and is equipped with a HD TV with DVD player , a IPOD speaker stereo system , internet / Wifi access  - the kitchen is equipped with microwave , dishwasher , washing machine, dryer , stove , fridge, cooker , coffee maker, kettle , toaster and absolutely everything necessary for cooking and eating.  - entrance hall leading to all other parts , with a dressing .  - The first room : includes a bed of 160 cm x 200 cm, - the second bedroom with a double bed  - Bathroom : with bath, hairdryer.  - WC. Linen is provided. Electric heating. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be at few minutes from the Place des Vosges, Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), the Cathedral
18397	"You will feel at home in this beautiful loft / 1 bedroom apartment, comfortable and modern, halfway between a beautiful hotel suite, and a loft full of Parisian charm.  This BRAND NEW apartment overlooks the St-Martin street, and is accessed by a gorgeous flowery inner courtyard, quiet and typically Parisian. This apartment is located right in the centre of Paris and is ideal for weekend getaway, or longer stay. 4 people can easily sleep: it is composed of a nice bedroom with a king size bed, a cozy lounge with a comfortable sofa bed ""rapido"" for 2 persons and a very nice contemporary bathroom with a beautiful shower, sink, toilet and amazing lightings. The apartment is fully equipped with microwave, refrigerator, coffee machine, toaster, kettle, washing & drying machine, sound system, etc… You will also have at your disposal a free internet connection via Wifi, cable TV with most of the major international TV channels and telephone (free local and international call to most countries,"	"Located in the center of Paris, St-Martin area, in the neighborhood of Montorgueuil, this beautiful loft, kind of hotel suit, will be perfect for your love week-end or even family vacation.  Very close to a lot of historical parisian place and surrou You will feel at home in this beautiful loft / 1 bedroom apartment, comfortable and modern, halfway between a beautiful hotel suite, and a loft full of Parisian charm.  This BRAND NEW apartment overlooks the St-Martin street, and is accessed by a gorgeous flowery inner courtyard, quiet and typically Parisian. This apartment is located right in the centre of Paris and is ideal for weekend getaway, or longer stay. 4 people can easily sleep: it is composed of a nice bedroom with a king size bed, a cozy lounge with a comfortable sofa bed ""rapido"" for 2 persons and a very nice contemporary bathroom with a beautiful shower, sink, toilet and amazing lightings. The apartment is fully equipped with microwave, refrigerator, coffee machine, toaster, "
18398	Beautiful appartment with 2 rooms (livingroom and bedroom) in the center of the Marais (vue on a garden and Beaubourg). 34 meter square. 4 people can sleep in (2 in the bedroom and 2 in the double sofa bed in the livingroom). Appartment next to Beaubourg, Chatelet, Hotel de ville and Notre Dame	Beautiful appartment with 2 rooms (livingroom and bedroom) in the center of the Marais (vue on a garden and Beaubourg). 34 meter square. 4 people can sleep in (2 in the bedroom and 2 in the double sofa bed in the livingroom). Appartment next to Beaubourg, Chatelet, Hotel de ville and Notre Dame
18399	45m2 on 2nd floor,( élevator from 1st floor) this flat renovated in January 2014 and decorated in a modern style with quality materials. There are 2 real beds in each room,  equipped with memory form mattress for your sleep,  Italian shower  Wifi and cable TV wc separate	Nice apartment in the heart of Paris, located at the corner of Greneta / Saint Denis a very lively area, close to all, but once through the door of the building you will be quiet in a very large yard 45m2 on 2nd floor,( élevator from 1st floor) this flat renovated in January 2014 and decorated in a modern style with quality materials. There are 2 real beds in each room,  equipped with memory form mattress for your sleep,  Italian shower  Wifi and cable TV wc separate 2 minutes from the Montorgueil street 15 minutes walk to the Louvre museum 15 minutes walk to City Hall  numerous metro lines and the RER to Orly Airport and Charles de Gaulle
18400		"Ideal for a couple searching a nice warm and cosy appart in the heart of Paris. It is well located close to ""Notre-Dame"" and the heart of the Marais. Very well connected to all main metro lines. The appart is located just next to the ""Arts et Métiers"" subway station with line 3 and 11"
18401		Large double-bed room in a three-bedroom flat in the heart of Marais. The house is composed of three rooms, a very large living room, a separate dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, a large bathroom and a separate toilet. The area is amazing! One of the best areas of Paris. Full of very nice typical bars and cafés, shops, restaurants and small clubs for a nice night out.  Extremely close (2 mn walk) from underground stations Fills du Calvaire and Saint-Sébastien-Froissart. 
18402	"My apartment is a charming studio in the heart of Paris. The studio decorated old is on the 2nd floor of a very ""Parisian"" with the lift! Comfortable and bright with a large window. The apartment has a living room with a double bed, a kitchen and a bathroom with shower (Linen and towels are provided). The apartment has all the necessary equipment, such as washing machine and dryer, fridge, hob, oven."	"My apartment is a charming studio in the heart of Paris. The studio decorated old is on the 2nd floor of a very ""Parisian"" with the lift! Comfortable and bright with a large window. The apartment has a living room with a double bed, a kitchen and a bathroom with shower (Linen and towels are provided). The apartment has all the necessary equipment, such as washing machine and dryer, fridge, hob, oven."
18403	Cet appartement de 90m2 est très clair, ensoleillé, calme (double vitrage à toutes les fenêtres donnant sur la rue) avec une vue dégagée; sa décoration est moderne avec une petite touche années 50, 60, une cheminée en marbre, un superbe parquet ancien et de belles hauteurs sous plafonds. Il est équipé d'une connexion internet très haut débit, de la télévision cablée, du téléphone illimité et de tout le confort.	Appartement très clair, ensoleillé, calme  avec une vue dégagée. Bien équipé, sa décoration est moderne avec une petite touche années 60. Près de la rue de Bretagne et de la République, il est très bien desservi par plusieurs stations de métro.  Cet appartement de 90m2 est très clair, ensoleillé, calme (double vitrage à toutes les fenêtres donnant sur la rue) avec une vue dégagée; sa décoration est moderne avec une petite touche années 50, 60, une cheminée en marbre, un superbe parquet ancien et de belles hauteurs sous plafonds. Il est équipé d'une connexion internet très haut débit, de la télévision cablée, du téléphone illimité et de tout le confort. L'appartement est situé dans le quartier du Temple dans le Marais, quartier historique de Paris, qui tient son nom des célèbres Templiers, ordre religieux et guerrier, qui s'étaient installés dans le quartier au 12ème siècle. Il garde de cette époque des vestiges médiévaux.  C'est un quartier plein de surprises avec de petites rues, des 
18404	L'immeuble est situé dans un quartier historique de Paris. Il a été construit dans les années 1830. L'appartement a été entièrement rénové en juillet 2015. Les poutres et la cheminée conservent le charme de la construction ancienne tandis que le reste de l'appartement dispose d'une décoration et d'un confort moderne.	Chambre calme et confortable pour nuit paisible au cœur du Marais. L'appartement a été entièrement rénové pour créer un cadre chaleureux et confortable. Profitez d'une douche ciel de pluie pour vous relaxer après une journée de visite de la capitale. L'immeuble est situé dans un quartier historique de Paris. Il a été construit dans les années 1830. L'appartement a été entièrement rénové en juillet 2015. Les poutres et la cheminée conservent le charme de la construction ancienne tandis que le reste de l'appartement dispose d'une décoration et d'un confort moderne. Les invités disposent de leur propre chambre et d'un accès à la cuisine et à la salle de bain. Le Marais est un quartier historique de Paris. Autrefois occupé par une population d'artisans et d'ouvriers, il est aujourd'hui tourné vers l'art et la création. On y trouve plusieurs musées, et de nombreuses boutiques de créateurs. La rénovation récente du Carreau du Temple (ancien marché de cuir transformé en hall d'exposition) app
18405		In a superb building classified as a historical monument, this appartment tastefully fitted and renovated is ideally located in the heart of Paris. It is a 25m² appartment with 
18406	31 is a spacious, convenient and authentic guesthouse for one to four adults (max. capacity 4 beds)  on one side : a living room with a kitchen, a large cupboard and independent toilets. equipments : a microwave/grill oven, induction cooking hotplates, refrigerator, a kettle, a toaster , a nespresso coffee machine, wifi connexion and tv, a sink. in option for the third and fourth guest : fold out beds (0.9/2 meters) on the other side : a bedroom, a dressing, a shower, a washbasin. equipments : a two persons bed (1.6/2 meters), a baby or young child bed on demand, pillows, sheets, duvet, towels, hair-dryer.	"Opening (phone number hidden) Our guesthouse is settled in a typical former ""Atelier Parisien"" in the Marais situated just near Pompidou Center in the third Paris arrondissement. 31 is a spacious, convenient and authentic guesthouse for one to four adults (max. capacity 4 beds)  on one side : a living room with a kitchen, a large cupboard and independent toilets. equipments : a microwave/grill oven, induction cooking hotplates, refrigerator, a kettle, a toaster , a nespresso coffee machine, wifi connexion and tv, a sink. in option for the third and fourth guest : fold out beds (0.9/2 meters) on the other side : a bedroom, a dressing, a shower, a washbasin. equipments : a two persons bed (1.6/2 meters), a baby or young child bed on demand, pillows, sheets, duvet, towels, hair-dryer. 31 is located in one of the most ancient parisian street (her neighbor at number 51 is the oldest house in Paris), Montmorency street, at the crossing of the first, second, third and fourth arrondissements ("
18407	The apartment has one living room/bedroom and a separated kitchen/dining room, and is perfect for one person or a couple. It has a sunny kitchen, fully equipped with everything you need to cook (fridge, oven, microwave, induction plates and tableware), a bathroom and separated toilet.  The apartment is very quiet on the courtyard side, offering a safe haven in the heart of Paris and the Marais district.  Everything is included: WiFi, towels, sheets, soap, hairdryer, etc. And if you have any questions, I am willing to help you out at any time!	Charming, cosy, design and flowered apartment for rent in the heart of Paris! Unique place in the Marais, a lively, historic and hype district for a very reasonable price. The apartment has one living room/bedroom and a separated kitchen/dining room, and is perfect for one person or a couple. It has a sunny kitchen, fully equipped with everything you need to cook (fridge, oven, microwave, induction plates and tableware), a bathroom and separated toilet.  The apartment is very quiet on the courtyard side, offering a safe haven in the heart of Paris and the Marais district.  Everything is included: WiFi, towels, sheets, soap, hairdryer, etc. And if you have any questions, I am willing to help you out at any time! The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in the Marais, a lively, historic and hype district, just near Picasso museum, Place des Vosges, Paris city hall Hôtel de Ville, Centre Pompidou “Beaubourg” and Notre-Dame Cathedral. Located on rue Vieille du Temple, the street is 
18408	square feet. Sleeps 2 adults. Metro Saint-Paul. • Comfort and Elegance Our one bedroom apartment could not be in a better location for enjoying this fashionable and exciting neighborhood. In the heart of the Marais, this one bedroom directly overlooks on a courtyard with trees on one side. The apartment is located in a lovely old building, with original stone and a small courtyard to enter through. This apartment has a tranquil and luminous ambience thanks to its very high ceilings and tall windows. The natural light is enhanced and reflected by the beautiful original “Versailles” style wooden floor. The warm grey and white lend the apartment a sophisticated and calm air, The high ceilings and thoughtful layout give a spacious feeling to this well designed and completely renovated one bedroom apartment, seamlessly combining elegance and comfort. The flat has a large main area for living and dining, plus a separate kitchen and bathroom with a large bathtub. There is a queen bed with a b	In a truly exciting and central location, this amazing apartment is really in the heart of the famous Marais neighborhood. Completely transformed with much care into a beautiful and fully equipped one bedroom with separate bathroom and kitchen. square feet. Sleeps 2 adults. Metro Saint-Paul. • Comfort and Elegance Our one bedroom apartment could not be in a better location for enjoying this fashionable and exciting neighborhood. In the heart of the Marais, this one bedroom directly overlooks on a courtyard with trees on one side. The apartment is located in a lovely old building, with original stone and a small courtyard to enter through. This apartment has a tranquil and luminous ambience thanks to its very high ceilings and tall windows. The natural light is enhanced and reflected by the beautiful original “Versailles” style wooden floor. The warm grey and white lend the apartment a sophisticated and calm air, The high ceilings and thoughtful layout give a spacious feeling to this we
18409	~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Large one-beedroom apartment in central Paris Marais district, near to place de la République, Pompidou Museum,  Picasso Museum, art galeries, Rue de Bretagne food shops & market.  At a walking distance to Place des Vosges, Notre-Dame, the Seine River and Ile Saint Louis. Direct metro for main touristic spots (from Republique station).  The apartement is quiet and has no street noise  as it is on a courtyard.  It's on the1st floor but very clear and without vis-à-vis so you can live your life.  It has been fully renovated 3 years ago by an architect and is decorated with designers furniture. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160 cm). The sofa in the living room is NOT a sleeping one and shouldn't be used to sleep.  The living room is fully eqquiped with Wifi Internet, big flat screen TV, cable TV, Blue-ray DVD, Hi-fi. The kitchen is eqquipped with dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, cutlery, crockery, filter coffee maker, Nespresso machin	2 pièces de 70m2, sur une cour pavée entre la Place de la République et la rue de Bretagne. Très calme et doté d'une véranda pour les fumeurs. Décoré dans un style design, à proximité des musées Picasso et Beaubourg (descriptif en français à la fin).  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Large one-beedroom apartment in central Paris Marais district, near to place de la République, Pompidou Museum,  Picasso Museum, art galeries, Rue de Bretagne food shops & market.  At a walking distance to Place des Vosges, Notre-Dame, the Seine River and Ile Saint Louis. Direct metro for main touristic spots (from Republique station).  The apartement is quiet and has no street noise  as it is on a courtyard.  It's on the1st floor but very clear and without vis-à-vis so you can live your life.  It has been fully renovated 3 years ago by an architect and is decorated with designers furniture. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160 cm). The sofa in the living room is NOT a sleeping one and shouldn't be u
18410		Très bel Appartement, lumineux et spacieux, situé dans plein cœur de Paris dans le quartier historique du Marais. A 5 minutes des métro: Hôtel de ville, Rambuteau ou Saint-Paul. Grand Salon et cuisine totalement équipé à partager. Tout confort.
18411	Metro:Etienne Marcel  32M2 loft like flat, with a balcony and a table for 2. A modern living room integrated with the kitchen and a separate bathroom with a small tub.On the second floor it has a double bed, on the first floor you have  the living room a couch. A very cosy flat with lots of light and a view of the parisian rooftops. its on the Last floor (6th). No lift like most of the parisian buildings.	Metro:Etienne Marcel  32M2 loft like flat, with a balcony and a table for 2. A modern living room integrated with the kitchen and a separate bathroom with a small tub.On the second floor it has a double bed, on the first floor you have  the living room a couch. A very cosy flat with lots of light and a view of the parisian rooftops. its on the Last floor (6th). No lift like most of the parisian buildings. I am happy to recommend and help with as many things as I can.  Check-in and Check-out might be flexible but not always, it all depends on the availability and other reservations. Located on a very vivid street, VERY VIVID, lots of places to eat, typical parisian style cafes. The metro station is 2 steps away from the flat. Pompidou Museum: 5 min walk  Louvre Museum: 10 min walk St. Michele: 15 min walk Le Marais: 5 min walk The internet was fixed  Apartment is on a walkup building with no elevator. Surrounded with lots of bars and pubs. Very safe and a supermarket in front open until
18412	Studio avec balcon Meublé Belle vue sur la porte Saint Martin	Studio avec balcon Meublé Belle vue sur la porte Saint Martin Mail et téléphone  Au coeur de Paris  Métro à moins de 2 minutes à pieds Quartier Animé Metro Strasbourg Saint-Denis
18413	Lovely apartment for stays of 4 nights minimum. The building, typically Parisian, is perfectly secured and clean with digital code and intercom. Situated at the 4th floor, the apartment offers a nice light from the beginning of the day and offers a beautiful view on a court where you will can see the top of the Eiffel Tower and the Montparnasse Tower. You will find a large lounge with a very comfortable sofa bed, a large flat screen, highspeed Internet, and a room with a big bed. The kitchen is perfectly equipped: baking sheets, oven, refrigerator, microwaves, washing machine, coffeemaker, toaster... The bathroom is also with all modern conveniences. Fresh sheets and towels are supplied.	In the heart of Paris, between the famous places of Bastille and Republique, our lovely apartment is calm and cosy. Enjoy the wooden beams and the typical stone floor. Full furnished and secured, it can accomodate 1-4 people. Subway at 1 minute away. Lovely apartment for stays of 4 nights minimum. The building, typically Parisian, is perfectly secured and clean with digital code and intercom. Situated at the 4th floor, the apartment offers a nice light from the beginning of the day and offers a beautiful view on a court where you will can see the top of the Eiffel Tower and the Montparnasse Tower. You will find a large lounge with a very comfortable sofa bed, a large flat screen, highspeed Internet, and a room with a big bed. The kitchen is perfectly equipped: baking sheets, oven, refrigerator, microwaves, washing machine, coffeemaker, toaster... The bathroom is also with all modern conveniences. Fresh sheets and towels are supplied. Once the reservation made, we will send you a confir
18414	You ll stay in the heart of le Marais.	Nice fully renovated apartment in the heart of Marais.  1 minute from rue de Bretagne And marche des enfants rouges.  Many shops and restaurants in this lively area. You ll stay in the heart of le Marais. So many trendy and nice places around.
18415	Pushing the door you will find:  - the Living room: sofa-bed for one adult or 2 children, arm chairs, TVHD with international channel, DVD, Internet connexion, sounds system. - the Kitchen open on the living room with: micro wave, stove, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, dishwasher, washing machine, toaster and all you might need for cooking.  - A dining area with a table and its four chairs. - the Bedroom: with a 160 x 200cm size bed and a dressing in alcove that closes with two sliding doors.  - the Bathroom: with a bath tub and shower, bath sink and hair dryer and WC.  Towels, linen, vacuum and iron are provided. This very quiet apartment is just open on the terrace and is 2.10m high.	Delicious 35 square meters one bedroom apartment, for 4 people located in a heart of the trendy Quartier de Bretagne, high quality renovation for a lovely apartment with a private terrasse. Pushing the door you will find:  - the Living room: sofa-bed for one adult or 2 children, arm chairs, TVHD with international channel, DVD, Internet connexion, sounds system. - the Kitchen open on the living room with: micro wave, stove, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, dishwasher, washing machine, toaster and all you might need for cooking.  - A dining area with a table and its four chairs. - the Bedroom: with a 160 x 200cm size bed and a dressing in alcove that closes with two sliding doors.  - the Bathroom: with a bath tub and shower, bath sink and hair dryer and WC.  Towels, linen, vacuum and iron are provided. This very quiet apartment is just open on the terrace and is 2.10m high. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be at f
18416	This cozy 25 square meters , Studio, apartment is located on rue Notre Dame de Nazareth in the 3rd arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code. 	This cozy 25 square meters , Studio, apartment is located on rue Notre Dame de Nazareth in the 3rd arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code. nearby metro station : Strasbourg-Saint-Denis , line 4 and 9 we don't accept reservation less than two weeks between the 10th of july and the 30th of august.  Thank's for your understanding
18417	L’appartement comprend une grande pièce à vivre de 27 m2 avec parquet, cheminée et trois grandes fenêtres qui font rentrer  beaucoup de lumière. Divisée en 2 espaces, salon et salle à manger, la pièce est équipée d’une grande table pour les repas avec  4 chaises, d’une télévision, d’un canapé lit neuf, conçu pour les couchages quotidiens et aussi confortable qu’un vrai lit et un espace penderie est aménagé. La cuisine est séparée et très spacieuse, tout le nécessaire de cuisson et de vaisselle est à disposition (gazinière, four, four micro-onde, bouilloire, cafetière, machine à laver…)  La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire, des toilettes ainsi que d’un meuble pour stocker les produits de toilette. Le linge de maison et de toilette est à disposition. Cet appartement est idéal pour les couples ainsi que les voyageurs solitaires.	Grand Studio de 37m2 entièrement équipé, très chaleureux en plein cœur du Marais donnant sur cour et refait à neuf. Situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. L’appartement comprend une grande pièce à vivre de 27 m2 avec parquet, cheminée et trois grandes fenêtres qui font rentrer  beaucoup de lumière. Divisée en 2 espaces, salon et salle à manger, la pièce est équipée d’une grande table pour les repas avec  4 chaises, d’une télévision, d’un canapé lit neuf, conçu pour les couchages quotidiens et aussi confortable qu’un vrai lit et un espace penderie est aménagé. La cuisine est séparée et très spacieuse, tout le nécessaire de cuisson et de vaisselle est à disposition (gazinière, four, four micro-onde, bouilloire, cafetière, machine à laver…)  La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire, des toilettes ainsi que d’un meuble pour stocker les produits de toilette. Le linge de maison et de toilette est à disposition. Cet appartement est idéal pour les couples ainsi que les voyageurs solitaires. L
18418		Appartement de charme, avec parquet au sol véritable, poutres apparentes, cuisine américaine ouverte, mais séparée. Très calme, sur cour. A deux pas du quartier du Marais, à quelques mètres de la Place de la république, à proximités de tout.
18419	Situé au premier étage sur cour d'un immeuble ancien et très calme, il permet à 4 personnes de séjourner confortablement. La chambre est pourvue d'un lit 2 places et le salon d'un vrai canapé-lit 2 places, il y a également un lit parapluie pour les nourrissons. Il comprend outre la télé et le wifi, une cuisine équipée et une salle bain avec douche et toilettes.	Situé au premier étage sur cour d'un immeuble ancien et très calme, il permet à 4 personnes de séjourner confortablement. La chambre est pourvue d'un lit 2 places et le salon d'un vrai canapé-lit 2 places, il y a également un lit parapluie pour les nourrissons. Il comprend outre la télé et le wifi, une cuisine équipée et une salle bain avec douche et toilettes. Tout les équipements décrits sont disponibles pour les voyageurs. J'assurerai personnellement l'accueil et le départ des voyageurs et serai disponible en permanence par téléphone ou par mail.  Ce quartier est le cœur historique de Paris, j'y suis né et y ai toujours vécu et nul autre ne lui est comparable. Le meilleur moyen de connaitre ce quartier est de se perdre dans ses petites rues, ses vielles cours intérieurs et de tomber sur la Bastille, le vieux quartier juif ou encore l’île de la Cité et Notre Dame, l’Île Saint-Louis... Accès par tout transport en commun (bus et métro). Stationnement payant à proximité. Des aéroports, 
18420		The apartment is very cozy with a bedroom and couch that becomes a bed, allowing 4 people to stay. The apartment is 35 M2 and is perfectly situated on the famous rue du temple. It has everything you need from internet, TV, large bathroom etc... In the center of the Marais on Rue du Temple.  It is close to the center and everything you need. - 2 min walk to Republique - Only 10 min walk to Hotel de Ville and 15 min walk to Notre Dame.  - Only 5-10 min to best shopping district (Rue des Francs-Bourgeois) and Rue de Rivoli - 10  min walk to pompidou - very well connected with the metro lines 5, 3, 9, 11, 8 ( only 2 min walk from the houes) and buses. There are really amazing resturants in the area as well.  Right next door is a very nice park (square du temple).
18421	L'appartement est en duplex,  au 1er niveau - 3ème étage - se trouvent : - une entrée desservant la cuisine et les pièces de réception, des toilettes séparées. - la cuisine est entièrement équipée, un espace repas avec une table et des chaises pour vos petits déjeuners. - une vaste pièce de réception lumineuse et traversante sur la cour intérieure de l'hôtel particulier et sur la rue. Cette pièce se divise en  - un salon avec deux grands canapés confortables pour trois personnes, des fauteuils, une table basse - une salle à manger avec une table pour six personnes et une grande bibliothèque - un petit salon télévision - grand écran plat- qui se transforme en chambre grâce à une porte coulissante. toujours au premier niveau une chambre avec un lit double en 140cm, dans cette chambre une armoire et un bureau. Une salle de bains avec baignoire équipée d'une douchette et d'une vasque, une machine à laver le linge et un sèche linge. Un bel escalier contemporain mène au second niveau et à la	L'appartement est en duplex,  au 1er niveau - 3ème étage - se trouvent : - une entrée desservant la cuisine et les pièces de réception, des toilettes séparées. - la cuisine est entièrement équipée, un espace repas avec une table et des chaises pour vos petits déjeuners. - une vaste pièce de réception lumineuse et traversante sur la cour intérieure de l'hôtel particulier et sur la rue. Cette pièce se divise en  - un salon avec deux grands canapés confortables pour trois personnes, des fauteuils, une table basse - une salle à manger avec une table pour six personnes et une grande bibliothèque - un petit salon télévision - grand écran plat- qui se transforme en chambre grâce à une porte coulissante. toujours au premier niveau une chambre avec un lit double en 140cm, dans cette chambre une armoire et un bureau. Une salle de bains avec baignoire équipée d'une douchette et d'une vasque, une machine à laver le linge et un sèche linge. Un bel escalier contemporain mène au second niveau et à la
18422	Apartment to rent located in Marais Very charming and old with exposed wooden beams Full of light:  large and nice wooden windows facing South Central location: - 50 meters away from musée des Arts et métiers - 150 meters away from musée George Pompidou - 200 meters away from Les Halles shopping centre Street is calm and almost pedestrian High access to public transports: at 5 min walk from 6 metro lines and 3 RER lines (metros (phone number hidden) and RER A, B, D) Generously furnished: - Comfortable sofa-bed for 2 people - Large TV with excellent screen resolution  - Wifi internet with optical fiber - High quality airplay speaker:  listen to music with your computer or smartphone as source - Wooden eating table - Nice coffee table of glass for pre-dinner drinks - Electrical cooking plates, fridge, halogen hooven - Shower room and separate toilets Do not hesitate in case you have any question	Charming old apartment to rent located in Marais Central location and high access to public transports (6 metros, 3 RER lines). Direct access to both airports. Apartment full of light: large wooden windows facing South. Exposed wooden beams Apartment to rent located in Marais Very charming and old with exposed wooden beams Full of light:  large and nice wooden windows facing South Central location: - 50 meters away from musée des Arts et métiers - 150 meters away from musée George Pompidou - 200 meters away from Les Halles shopping centre Street is calm and almost pedestrian High access to public transports: at 5 min walk from 6 metro lines and 3 RER lines (metros (phone number hidden) and RER A, B, D) Generously furnished: - Comfortable sofa-bed for 2 people - Large TV with excellent screen resolution  - Wifi internet with optical fiber - High quality airplay speaker:  listen to music with your computer or smartphone as source - Wooden eating table - Nice coffee table of glass for pre
18423	Appartement situé en plein centre à 50 mètres de la Place de la République, servi par 5 lignees de métro. Bus, noctanbus et velib au pied de l'immeuble. Sur la place divers restaurants, commerces et pharmacie 24h sur 24h. 	Appartement situé en plein centre à 50 mètres de la Place de la République, servi par 5 lignees de métro. Bus, noctanbus et velib au pied de l'immeuble. Sur la place divers restaurants, commerces et pharmacie 24h sur 24h. 
18424	The apartment is coming with : - a modern kitchen equipped with fridge, cook top, micro wave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, cup boards, coffee maker, teapot, toaster, enough dishes and utensils. One window on courtyard. - a large living room with a sofa, a coffee table, a carpet, a TVHD, a DVD, an Ipod speaker, and a free internet access. - a dining area with a large table with four chair. A library. A fire place Three windows on the street.  - a bathroom with a bathtub and a shower , a bath sink, a hair dryer, and a washing machine - a bedroom with 160 cm x 200cm bed, a desk and it chair. Window on courtyard. - Toilet. Towels and linen are provided.	Large and bourgeois 65 square meters apartment, one bedroom, on the 3rd floor, without a lift. Sunny, quiet. The apartment is coming with : - a modern kitchen equipped with fridge, cook top, micro wave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, cup boards, coffee maker, teapot, toaster, enough dishes and utensils. One window on courtyard. - a large living room with a sofa, a coffee table, a carpet, a TVHD, a DVD, an Ipod speaker, and a free internet access. - a dining area with a large table with four chair. A library. A fire place Three windows on the street.  - a bathroom with a bathtub and a shower , a bath sink, a hair dryer, and a washing machine - a bedroom with 160 cm x 200cm bed, a desk and it chair. Window on courtyard. - Toilet. Towels and linen are provided. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be at few minutes from the Place des Vosges, Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), the Cathedrale Notre-Dame de Paris 
18425	Located in the heart of Paris and 2 steps from the Pompidou museum, the apartment is unique in its location but is calm as well.  Very nice view on courtyard with no noise	At the heart of Paris and close to the Pompidou museum, beautiful studio located in a quiet residence. Large living room with a couch that folds, a kitchen equipped with everything necessary, bathroom with toilet. WIFI, LCD, lift Located in the heart of Paris and 2 steps from the Pompidou museum, the apartment is unique in its location but is calm as well.  Very nice view on courtyard with no noise the studio is very pleasant with very  easy access by public transport. Nearby is a train access to both airports as well as 7 subway stations I'm available on my cellphone and the studio is fully dedicated to the guests Many good restaurants are nearby as well as bakeries and supermarkets Train station to both airports, 7 metro stations and many buses stops are nearby the apartment.
18426	situé idéalement au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, orienté sud et frais lors de grosses chaleurs	Idéalement situé entre Beaubourg et République appartement calme, lumineux, propre et sécurisé, idéal vacances parisiennes, vous apprécierez la proximité des lieux historiques, des sorties, tous moyens d'accès en transports (métro, bus, vélib) situé idéalement au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, orienté sud et frais lors de grosses chaleurs 1 chambre, 1 salle de bains, un salon salle à manger, une cuisine je peux vous apporter aide et conseils pour votre séjour au coeur du haut marais vous êtes à proximité à pied vélo bus et métro de tous les lieux de la capitale, documentation sur place à disposition tous transports de jour comme de nuit à proximité prêt possible de 2 vélos
18427	***SPECIAL PRICES FOR JULY AND AUGUST (LONG STAYS)* Studio moderne,  lumineux et tout équipé au coeur du Haut Marais, pouvant loger 2 personnes. A quelques minutes seulement de Beaubourg et Etienne Marcel, cet appartement est parfait pour ceux qui souhaitent visiter Paris le temps d'un weekend! Mon appartement est un studio de 26 m² studio situé dans le Marais, et plus précisément dans la rue de Montmorency, typiquement parisienne et chargée d'histoire. Accessible avec les métros Rambuteau, Arts et Métiers et Etienne Marcel (lignes 11, 3, 4), le studio est idéalement situé au cœur du 3ème arrondissement dans le centre de Paris. De nombreux quartiers comme Saint Paul, Hôtel de Ville, Montorgueil et République sont accessibles en quelques minutes à pied, tout comme le centre Pompidou qui se situe à à peine 300 mètres ! De nombreux commerces sont aussi accessibles. Le studio est à un étage élevé (avec ascenseur) et donne sur cour, ce qui le rend lumineux et calme.	Studio moderne,  lumineux et tout équipé au coeur du Haut Marais, pouvant loger 2 personnes. A quelques minutes seulement de Beaubourg et Etienne Marcel, cet appartement est parfait pour ceux qui souhaitent visiter Paris le temps d'un weekend! ***SPECIAL PRICES FOR JULY AND AUGUST (LONG STAYS)* Studio moderne,  lumineux et tout équipé au coeur du Haut Marais, pouvant loger 2 personnes. A quelques minutes seulement de Beaubourg et Etienne Marcel, cet appartement est parfait pour ceux qui souhaitent visiter Paris le temps d'un weekend! Mon appartement est un studio de 26 m² studio situé dans le Marais, et plus précisément dans la rue de Montmorency, typiquement parisienne et chargée d'histoire. Accessible avec les métros Rambuteau, Arts et Métiers et Etienne Marcel (lignes 11, 3, 4), le studio est idéalement situé au cœur du 3ème arrondissement dans le centre de Paris. De nombreux quartiers comme Saint Paul, Hôtel de Ville, Montorgueil et République sont accessibles en quelques minutes à
18428	Le logement peut accueillir 2 personnes, avec tout le confort nécessaire.  Disposant du charme de l'ancien avec un belle hauteur sous plafond, l'appartement est entièrement neuf, parquet au sol et mûrs blancs. Il est également très calme, donnant sur une cours, mais aussi très lumineux. Tout équipé : Lit double King Size, bureau pour travailler, canapé, internet, cuisine équipée, salle de bain, machine à laver.	Le logement peut accueillir 2 personnes, avec tout le confort nécessaire.  Disposant du charme de l'ancien avec un belle hauteur sous plafond, l'appartement est entièrement neuf, parquet au sol et mûrs blancs. Il est également très calme, donnant sur une cours, mais aussi très lumineux. Tout équipé : Lit double King Size, bureau pour travailler, canapé, internet, cuisine équipée, salle de bain, machine à laver. Les voyageurs auront un accès total à l'appartement. Je déposerai les clés sous le tapis d'entrée avant votre arrivée si je ne suis pas la pour vous accueillir. Le quartier du Marais à l'immense privilège d'être dans le centre de Paris. Proche de tous les commerces (supermarchés, commerces divers, pharmacies, boulangeries, cafés, etc) mais aussi des musés et de la vie culturelle (Centre Pompidou, Gaîté Lyrique, Théâtres des grands boulevards, etc). Les alentours disposent de nombreux restaurant, bars, cafés et reste un quartier de premier choix pour le shopping. Métro : > Ligne 
18429	the views on Paris ,	"In the heart of Paris, in a street near  the Picasso Museum, at the 5th floor with elevator, this apartment, offers incredible views of Paris in a beautiful building. Among other, this apartment is equipped with a whirlpool, a fireplace, a piano the views on Paris , the appartment is all for you if you wish , you will assist during all your stay ,  we answer all your questions , and will give you necessary informations to spend good time in Paris museum PICASSO painting museum CARNAVALET (museum of Paris) place des Vosges  Bastille  metro Saint Paul , métro fille su calvaire , bus 96 and 29 If you need a taxi for your arrival , departure or during your stay  classic taxi are rather expensive , so now there is UBER cheaper  we use uber, it's an apps . Just after download the apps put this code hldf4 normally you will have 10e offers for the first race.  From  Orly aéroport (1hour) he bus is the cheapest way to get to Paris, take ORLYBUS and get to the terminus ""Denfert Rochereau"" Then t"
18430	Our little apartment feels much bigger than its 34m2.  Fantastic location, four blocks from the Pompidou, surrounded by the galleries, restaurants and history of the Marais, convenient to transport and shopping. Fully equipped kitchen, with oven, microwave, two-burner stove, fridge, kettle, moka and french press. Hi-speed wifi, Sonos system  The apartment has a 160cm bed upstairs, plus a two person pull out couch (also 160cm). We also have a roll-out futon mattress available for a child or stoic adult if needed.  Linens and towels provided. Fans and portable air cooling unit for summer months, independent electric heating for winter.  (Note- especially to my American guests, the air cooling unit is NOT air conditioning in the traditional sense, and does not cool to the degree many are accustomed to in the US.)	Beautiful and calm duplex in the heart of the Marais. Newly renovated, sleeps 2 in the bed, 2 on the couch, possible extra place on roll-out futon for a child. Fantastic location near museums,galleries, shopping, transport,restaurants and bars. Our little apartment feels much bigger than its 34m2.  Fantastic location, four blocks from the Pompidou, surrounded by the galleries, restaurants and history of the Marais, convenient to transport and shopping. Fully equipped kitchen, with oven, microwave, two-burner stove, fridge, kettle, moka and french press. Hi-speed wifi, Sonos system  The apartment has a 160cm bed upstairs, plus a two person pull out couch (also 160cm). We also have a roll-out futon mattress available for a child or stoic adult if needed.  Linens and towels provided. Fans and portable air cooling unit for summer months, independent electric heating for winter.  (Note- especially to my American guests, the air cooling unit is NOT air conditioning in the traditional sense, 
18431	Cet appartement à été spécialement conçu pour le bien-être code porte de nuit  Interphone au rez de chaussée TV  WIFI MACHINE A LAVER LE LINGE LAVE VAISSELLE FOUR ET PLAQUE VITRO CERAMIQUE MICRO ONDES GRILL PAIN MACHINE A CAFE MACHINE EXPRESSO CAFE THE  SUCRE EAU MIS A DISPOSITION PRODUIT POUR LAVE LINGE ET LAVE VAISSELLE Seulement si nécessaire avec grand plaisir A deux pas de Beaubourg , place du Chatelet, Quai de Seine... Métro Arts et Métiers  RER Chatelet Un  deuxième lit confortable pour deux personnes ds alcôve  très calme   TV  WIFI MACHINE A LAVER LE LINGE LAVE VAISSELLE FOUR ET PLAQUE VITRO CERAMIQUE MICRO ONDES GRILL PAIN MACHINE A CAFE Seulement si nécessaire avec grand plaisir A deux pas de Beaubourg , place du Chatelet, Quai de Seine... Métro Arts et Métiers  RER Chatelet Un  deuxième lit confortable pour deux personnes ds alcôve  très calme	Appartement  joliment décoré très spacieux clair et très calme idéalement situé pour les musées les boutiques du marais et les bons restaurants idéal pour un couple . Possibilité pour 2 personnes supplémentaires  ( un lit double dans le séjour  80€/personne/nuit en simplement )  Prix par mois à définir pour 4 personnes Cet appartement à été spécialement conçu pour le bien-être code porte de nuit  Interphone au rez de chaussée TV  WIFI MACHINE A LAVER LE LINGE LAVE VAISSELLE FOUR ET PLAQUE VITRO CERAMIQUE MICRO ONDES GRILL PAIN MACHINE A CAFE MACHINE EXPRESSO CAFE THE  SUCRE EAU MIS A DISPOSITION PRODUIT POUR LAVE LINGE ET LAVE VAISSELLE Seulement si nécessaire avec grand plaisir A deux pas de Beaubourg , place du Chatelet, Quai de Seine... Métro Arts et Métiers  RER Chatelet Un  deuxième lit confortable pour deux personnes ds alcôve  très calme   TV  WIFI MACHINE A LAVER LE LINGE LAVE VAISSELLE FOUR ET PLAQUE VITRO CERAMIQUE MICRO ONDES GRILL PAIN MACHINE A CAFE Seulement si nécessaire
18432	Charmant studio situé en plein coeur de Paris, dans un immeuble du XVIIème siècle, à 5mn de la Place de la République, à proximité des lignes principales de métro. Meublé, il est équipé d'une Kitchenette, salle de bain, télé, lit double.  Il est situé en plein centre de Paris, dans une rue historique Rue Notre Dame-de-Nazareth qui  porta jusqu'en 1630 le nom rue Neuve-Saint-Martin. À cette époque, elle prit son nom actuel, dû au couvent des pères de Nazareth à proximité dans la rue du Temple.spacieux - 24M2,calme , fenêtres donnant sur rue piétonne.Refait à neuf.    La Place de la République et Sites remarquables: no  15 : la synagogue Nazareth, édifiée 1851 par l'architecte Alexandre Thierry no  33 : Ici demeurait le peintre ukrainien Henry Axenfeld en 1853. no  38 : la maison natale de l'ingénieur Rudolf Diesel no  40 : le passage du Pont-aux-Biches.Parallèlle à la rue Notre Dame de Nazareth , la rue Verbois:À l'angle avec la rue Saint-Martin, la tour nord-ouest de l'enceinte de l'an	Charming studio situated right in the heart of Paris, in a building of the XVIIth century, in 5mn of the Place(Square) of the Republic, near the principal lines of subway. it is equipped with a Kitchen area, a bathroom, a TV, a large bed.
18433	Cozy studio for 2 people would be an lovely idea to make your stay in Paris more memorable. All the facilities are equipped to make your stay comfortable. 	North of Marais where you will find many galleries, boutiques, chic bars and very original restaurants. 5-10mins by walk from Saint Paul, from Oberkampf, from Bastille and from Beaubourg. Very artistic place with good neighborhood.
18434	"This 18 m2 apartment is very functional thanks to its 3 areas :  - Living room with a retractable 2 persons bed, with a good quality latex bedding. - Separate small kitchen, in which you can cook and eat. - Bathroom and WC, with washing machine, hair dryer Recently renovated, the studio combines contemporary decoration, and charming ancien materials : terracota tiles, old brick wall.. Reservation: from 4 nights: towels and linen are provided I propose another flat where I live partially: ""ARCHITECT'S APARTMENT - NEAR MONTMARTRE"" in the Batignolles area, north to Place de Clichy. "	"This 18 m2 apartment is very functional thanks to its 3 areas :  - Living room with a retractable 2 persons bed, with a good quality latex bedding. - Separate small kitchen, in which you can cook and eat. - Bathroom and WC, with washing machine, hair dryer Recently renovated, the studio combines contemporary decoration, and charming ancien materials : terracota tiles, old brick wall.. Reservation: from 4 nights: towels and linen are provided I propose another flat where I live partially: ""ARCHITECT'S APARTMENT - NEAR MONTMARTRE"" in the Batignolles area, north to Place de Clichy. You may check-in from 2 pm, and chek-out before 11h. If there are no other guests, we will try to be as flexible as possible ; if you arrive in the morning, we recommend to contact us a few days before your arrival, to check this possibility You also have a luggage locker service on line, very close to the apartment ; we can inform you about this website. When the booking is confirmed, you will receive a messag"
18435		This great appartment is fantastically located in the heart of the Marais, just on Jardin Charles-Victor Langlois ! Your bedroom is nice, clean, fully equiped and quiet. Hope to see you soon !
18436		"A beautiful flat, full of light in the center of Paris, ""Le Marais"" which is a lovely and safe place. You can access to all the main place of Paris at only 10/15min in transport (Louvres, Champs Elysées...). I will be available for you at anytime if you require any touristic or any other information.  You can have a brunch at ""Le marché des enfants des rouges"", a very typical market just 200 meters away from the flat. It's just near Chatelet, Hotel de Ville and all the shops of Le Marais.  You can access to the flat with Metro Line 3 - Arts et Métiers, but it's 10min walk from République and Chatelet where you can access at all the line of the subway. There is a Velib station at 200m away. "
18437	FROM SEPT 2015 THE APARTMENT WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR A MINIMUM STAY OF 6 MONTHS. PLEASE ASK US FOR MORE DETAILS AND RATES. Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay in this lovely all furnished apartment in the most popular, central and trendy part of Paris: Le Marais  This apartment had been recently renovated to make it not only confortable but also authentic and charming. Imagine you’re in Paris… in busy and noisy rue Beaubourg… Just a few meters from Centres Georges Pompidou… Enter the first gate… and the second one… no noise anymore in this charming and lovely courtyard  with trees and parisian benches… Take the elevator (or if your brave enough the beautiful stairs of the old centuries)… to the last floor…and enter this beautiful apartment. It’s just like a little house… on the lower floor, a living room with a cosy living corner, a dining table… the kitchen, of course you need a kitchen: you’re in France! The first bathroom with a bathtub	Come and stay in this lovely all furnished apartment in the most popular, central and trendy part of Paris: Le Marais  This two bedroom- 2 bathroom apartment will host up to 5 persons and will enable you to live in the typical parisian way. FROM SEPT 2015 THE APARTMENT WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR A MINIMUM STAY OF 6 MONTHS. PLEASE ASK US FOR MORE DETAILS AND RATES. Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay in this lovely all furnished apartment in the most popular, central and trendy part of Paris: Le Marais  This apartment had been recently renovated to make it not only confortable but also authentic and charming. Imagine you’re in Paris… in busy and noisy rue Beaubourg… Just a few meters from Centres Georges Pompidou… Enter the first gate… and the second one… no noise anymore in this charming and lovely courtyard  with trees and parisian benches… Take the elevator (or if your brave enough the beautiful stairs of the old centuries)… to the last flo
18438	This luxury high ceiling one bedroom apartment with original wood beams in Le Marais has a brand new floorplan and has just undergoes  a very expensive refurbishment. You have now a sensation of space in this apartment with a private bedroom with double dressing very quiet on a yard, a cosy living room on the main street and a big kitchen dining room next to a vey luxury bathroom. The choice of the furniture and decoration is very tasty and the spirit we wanted to give is a mixure of antic with designers furniture and a modern kitchen.	This luxury high ceiling one bedroom apartment with original wood beams in Le Marais has a brand new floorplan and has just undergoes  a very expensive refurbishment. You have now a sensation of space in this apartment with a private bedroom with double dressing very quiet on a yard, a cosy living room on the main street and a big kitchen dining room next to a vey luxury bathroom. The choice of the furniture and decoration is very tasty and the spirit we wanted to give is a mixure of antic with designers furniture and a modern kitchen. You have two doors to get into the apartment with one code and a special key to get throw the second door We will help you to have a great stay and assist you in your requests. The Haut Marais is the new trendy Area of Le Marais 5 minutes walk to the MARAIS .  It is the MOMA  area full of art gallery and trendy bars and restaurants. This is whwre young and trendy parisians are moving recently. The apartment is located next to 5 Metro Stops, Republique, A
18439	Beautiful Loft in le Marais Welcome in this charming Loft located in the very heart of le Marais, 5 min away from place des Vosges and Rue de Bretagne. The main room is spacious (480ft2) with high ceilings, wood floor, exposed beams and a fire place. The apt is located on 2nd floor, no elevator, and face a private courtyard, classified as Historic Monument and shared with one of the most prestigious modern art gallery of Paris ( Gallery Emmanuel Perrotin) The apartment is very quiet and very bright, facing south. Here's what you'll find: -In the bedroom corner you will find a brand new and comfortable double-size bed with clean linen at your disposal. -On the leaving room corner you will find a comfortable sofa to relax in a cozy atmosphere.  You will be able to spend great moments with friends or family in this convivial room. Everything is done to make you feel at home! The sofa can be converted in a bed, you can use it for an extra person. (Attention: it will be in the same room so 	Beautiful Loft in le Marais Welcome in this charming Loft located in the very heart of le Marais, 5 min away from place des Vosges and Rue de Bretagne. The main room is spacious (480ft2) with high ceilings, wood floor, exposed beams and a fire place. The apt is located on 2nd floor, no elevator, and face a private courtyard, classified as Historic Monument and shared with one of the most prestigious modern art gallery of Paris ( Gallery Emmanuel Perrotin) The apartment is very quiet and very bright, facing south. Here's what you'll find: -In the bedroom corner you will find a brand new and comfortable double-size bed with clean linen at your disposal. -On the leaving room corner you will find a comfortable sofa to relax in a cozy atmosphere.  You will be able to spend great moments with friends or family in this convivial room. Everything is done to make you feel at home! The sofa can be converted in a bed, you can use it for an extra person. (Attention: it will be in the same room so 
18440	À disposition sèche cheveux, micro onde, serviettes de toilette et le linge pour le lit	Studette charmante de 17m2, au 1er étage avec ascenseur authentique et typique, charmante en plein cœur de Paris (Marais) aux portes de l'Hôtel de ville, Chatelet, place de la République. Idéal pour un week end amoureux ou une semaine pour découvrir la ville magique Parisienne. Elle peut accueillir 2 personnes avec tout le confort d'une chambre d'hôtel. Dans une rue commerçante animée avec des restaurants, bars...  Ce quartier est très bien desservi par les transports Metro  ligne : 3 et 6 À disposition sèche cheveux, micro onde, serviettes de toilette et le linge pour le lit
18441	"Must Read/Doit Lire No Parties, Raves, receptions or Bashes. Welcome to our Loft apartment, bright and well situated in between the trendy Parisian areas of ""Haut Marais,  Oberkampf and the ever popular theatre district of Paris. This spacious loft fits perfectly up to 6 people, either couples or family. Our Loft is a unique place to make your trip in Paris very special. Bright & peaceful with a large living  space for the whole Family. In the heart of Paris, next to the "" Loft at Canal Saint Martin"" and minutes away from the Trendy ""Haut Marais & Oberkampf"" our apartment is a former artist's atelier/workshop.  The apartment is completely furnished and is ideal for discovering Paris. It is easily accessible from airports and train stations. The closest metro station (five minutes away) is ""République"" (serving lines 3,5,8,9 and 11). There are also many bus lines. The apartment is tastefully decorated (very arty) and is very bright. The main space of over 120m2 is composed of a spacious"	"Welcome to our Loft apartment, bright and well situated in between the trendy Parisian areas of ""Haut Marais,  Oberkampf and the ever popular theatre district of Paris. This spacious loft fits perfectly up to 6 people, either couples or family. Must Read/Doit Lire No Parties, Raves, receptions or Bashes. Welcome to our Loft apartment, bright and well situated in between the trendy Parisian areas of ""Haut Marais,  Oberkampf and the ever popular theatre district of Paris. This spacious loft fits perfectly up to 6 people, either couples or family. Our Loft is a unique place to make your trip in Paris very special. Bright & peaceful with a large living  space for the whole Family. In the heart of Paris, next to the "" Loft at Canal Saint Martin"" and minutes away from the Trendy ""Haut Marais & Oberkampf"" our apartment is a former artist's atelier/workshop.  The apartment is completely furnished and is ideal for discovering Paris. It is easily accessible from airports and train stations. The "
18442	Charming & cosy bright studio perfectly located in Arts et Metiers area, in between Republique Square, top part of Marais and Georges Pompidou Art Center. Located on 2nd floor of a clean building 22 Rue Reaumur the layout is particularly efficient. A US equipped kitchen is opened on a particularly bright living room with 2 windows facing south, equipped with a  sofabed that can sleeps 2, and a bathroom with cabin shower and wc. fridge, stoves, microwave and all kitchenware enable to cook and eat home. Wifi connection and internet TV are included and free, to remain connected. Restfull colour and design, double glazing, a nice quiet Pied a Terre in a very lively area  Underground transportation are very close. Same for several supermarkets.	Charming & cosy bright studio perfectly located between Republique Square and top of Le Marais area. Perfect layout enabling to feel home instantly with equipped kitchen, sofabed for 2, bathroom and closets. Free wifi connection. Metro hub closeby. Charming & cosy bright studio perfectly located in Arts et Metiers area, in between Republique Square, top part of Marais and Georges Pompidou Art Center. Located on 2nd floor of a clean building 22 Rue Reaumur the layout is particularly efficient. A US equipped kitchen is opened on a particularly bright living room with 2 windows facing south, equipped with a  sofabed that can sleeps 2, and a bathroom with cabin shower and wc. fridge, stoves, microwave and all kitchenware enable to cook and eat home. Wifi connection and internet TV are included and free, to remain connected. Restfull colour and design, double glazing, a nice quiet Pied a Terre in a very lively area  Underground transportation are very close. Same for several supermarkets. T
18443	Bonjour à tous,  Si vous souhaitez découvrir Paris dans une ambiance cosy, pratique et ensoleillé n'hésitez pas ! Je vous laisse regarder ma description, mes photos et mon profil ... à bientôt !! Dans un bel immeuble haussmannien datant de 1800 à deux pas du métro République, je vous propose un petit studio de 10 mètre carrés au 6ème étage sans ascenseur sur cour entièrement rénové par un architecte comprenant; une entrée, une pièce principale, une cuisine équipée, une douche, un wc séparé.  le studio est très ensoleillé, directement sur une cour, beau, tout rénové et entièrement meublé: machine à café, bouilloire, plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, d'un réfrigérateur (frigo) et son congélateur, casseroles, verres, assiettes.....  L'espace est petit : quand on ouvre le canapé-lit, il n'y a plus trop de place pour circuler autour et encore moins quand vous avez beaucoup de bagages). Draps et serviettes de bains vous sont fournis.  Hello everyone,  If you want to discover Paris in a cozy, 	Bonjour à tous,  Si vous souhaitez découvrir Paris dans une ambiance cosy, pratique et ensoleillé n'hésitez pas ! Je vous laisse regarder ma description, mes photos et mon profil ... à bientôt !! Dans un bel immeuble haussmannien datant de 1800 à deux pas du métro République, je vous propose un petit studio de 10 mètre carrés au 6ème étage sans ascenseur sur cour entièrement rénové par un architecte comprenant; une entrée, une pièce principale, une cuisine équipée, une douche, un wc séparé.  le studio est très ensoleillé, directement sur une cour, beau, tout rénové et entièrement meublé: machine à café, bouilloire, plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, d'un réfrigérateur (frigo) et son congélateur, casseroles, verres, assiettes.....  L'espace est petit : quand on ouvre le canapé-lit, il n'y a plus trop de place pour circuler autour et encore moins quand vous avez beaucoup de bagages). Draps et serviettes de bains vous sont fournis.  Hello everyone,  If you want to discover Paris in a cozy, 
18444	Magnificent loft with exposed beams and red brick wall in the pure french and New York spirit. it has all the amenities to had a perfect stay.the flat is very confortable and many space	AMAZING LOFT IN THE MARAIS, NEAR BASTILLE AND CHATELET. IN THE FAMOUS STREET RUE DES ROSIERS. GREAT ATMOSPHERE WITH ALL COMMODITIES IN THE FLAT. THE LOCATION IS PERFECT, IT IS THE PLACE TO BE IN PARIS Magnificent loft with exposed beams and red brick wall in the pure french and New York spirit. it has all the amenities to had a perfect stay.the flat is very confortable and many space all that is in the apartment I am available at any time to answer your requests, i love to be your host It is located in the rue des rosiers, in the heart of the marais. with all its restaurants, its pedestrian streets and gardens there is every nearby means of transport Very near bastille and chatelet , Museé du louvre ,  metro saint paul ligne 1
18445	The location of the apartment combines the opportunity to stay in one of the most lively barrios of Paris with the quietness offered by a residential building  with private garden.	Lovely studio located in the centre of Paris marais in front of musee carnavalet and 2 m walking distance from musee Picasso. 7minutes walking from St Paul and chemin vert metro station. The studio has 40m2 and is included a private residence inside a renovated XVIII palace with private garden Very lively neighborhood. Metro Line 1 St Paul Metro line 8 Chemin Vert
18446	"MARAIS: Studio apartment rental with exceptional view over 17th century historical building. Situated in the Paris' historical center ""Marais"", this 293 sq. foot studio rental (27m2), on the 3rd floor (4th American) with an elevator and a terrace overlooking an unbeatable private park, is among the nicest you can find in Paris. Central collective heating system (very effective and always working) for the cold winter days. Wake up to the whistling birds and the sparkling water of the fountain. After a restful night, you can roam around the surroundings for a profusion of cafés, shops, restaurants before walking to the Picasso Museum, the Jewish Center, the Carnavalet museum or the Place des Vosges.  Perfect for a couple. Sleeps 2. Bathroom with bath and toilet. Utilities : Fridge, electric cooker, microwave oven, tea kettle, 2 tables, 2 chairs, 2 armchairs, brand new, high quality, queen-size bed (63x79 inches or 160x200cm). All organic bed, bath and kitchen linens provided. Kitchen ful"	"Studio apartment rental with exceptional view over 17th century building. Situated in the Paris' Marais, on the 3rd floor with an elevator and a terrace overlooking an unbeatable private park with a fountain with whistling birds.  Sleeps 2. Bathroom. MARAIS: Studio apartment rental with exceptional view over 17th century historical building. Situated in the Paris' historical center ""Marais"", this 293 sq. foot studio rental (27m2), on the 3rd floor (4th American) with an elevator and a terrace overlooking an unbeatable private park, is among the nicest you can find in Paris. Central collective heating system (very effective and always working) for the cold winter days. Wake up to the whistling birds and the sparkling water of the fountain. After a restful night, you can roam around the surroundings for a profusion of cafés, shops, restaurants before walking to the Picasso Museum, the Jewish Center, the Carnavalet museum or the Place des Vosges.  Perfect for a couple. Sleeps 2. Bathroom "
18447	Extremely quite centrally located. Very Large living area party room tastefully furnished. Comfortable beds brand new linens and towels 2 Large beds 180X200 possibility of splitting one into twins 3rd bed 160X200 and a sofa bed 140x190	Fantastically located grand apartment in the heart of the famous Marais Is 120 sqm. Gorgeous roof top garden 3 bedrooms, 2 bath 40 sqm Living/dining room with sofa bed. Large kitchen with table and chairs 1st floor with elevator Extremely quite centrally located. Very Large living area party room tastefully furnished. Comfortable beds brand new linens and towels 2 Large beds 180X200 possibility of splitting one into twins 3rd bed 160X200 and a sofa bed 140x190 The entire apartment is at your disposal. You are in the center of the fashionable Marais, near the historical  Place des Vosges, Centre Pompidou, Picasso Museum, Hotel de Ville and the Louvre. Closest Metro: Saint Paul Metro Saint Paul, several Bus lines
18448	1 bed of two , with sofa in a cosy and trendy room . the kitchen is equipped with all you need to feel like home . italian shower , washbasin and toilet that you can use with confidency. Linens and towels are provided. 	Totally renewed Studio with great enlightment  thanks to its 4 windows . At 3 rd floor no lift, facing to  the courtyard the place enjoys all the commodity of middle center of Paris with zero noise． 1 bed of two , with sofa in a cosy and trendy room . the kitchen is equipped with all you need to feel like home . italian shower , washbasin and toilet that you can use with confidency. Linens and towels are provided. A  building of 6 floors dated 1850 . 2 security codes . we will be there to welcome you and only put the keys on the table as you leave . the area is rich in multi social and ethnic degrees. Surrounded by museum of modern art , jewish museum , doll museum , picasso museum , art lovers will be satisfied . refined shopping is only 5 mns walking . the area is lively . there is no enought space to discribe transports as we are spoiled in transport convenience , subway: line 11 only 1 mn , line 4 takes 3 mns , Les Halles station that delivers 4 lines of subway , 2 lines of RER sub
18449	This little, charming, quiet studio will make your stay in Paris easy and restful: it is very central and very accessible by public transportation. Located in a great neighborhood, Le Marais, where you can find great restaurants, cafés and stores.	a cute, quiet and cosy little studio in the heart of Paris for a week end or more. It has everything for your comfort and your rest after you enjoy the city! Un petit studio mignon, confortable et calme au coeur de Paris pour un week end et plus.  This little, charming, quiet studio will make your stay in Paris easy and restful: it is very central and very accessible by public transportation. Located in a great neighborhood, Le Marais, where you can find great restaurants, cafés and stores. The studio is all yours during your stay! You are welcome to use the kitchen pots and appliances, the laundry machine, hair drier, Iron, and of course the Wifi. For your comfort during your stay, I will be reachable by email and will provide you someone's phone number in Paris in case you need anything; Le Marais... what else to say? take a map and discover by foot this amazing neighborhood, switching from the fashion quarter, the artis quarter, the gay quarter and the Jewish quarter. Best food, bar
18450		Appartement au 4ème étage. Lumineux Parquet au sol 1 cuisine toutes équipée. Lit double 140*190 cm Idéal pour visiter Paris à pied – A 5 min du Centre Pompidou et 15 min de Notre Dame de Paris. Proximité du métro.
18451	Entièrement refait à neuf, l'appartement dispose de 6 couchage dont un sofa dans l'espace salon. une petite cour privatisée est à votre disposition pour les fumeurs. Trois vélos vous sont prétés gratuitement lors de votre séjour. 	Very beautiful apartment with all the comfort, quiet and bright, situated right in the heart of the Marais just a step from the place of the republic. Can welcome up to 6 people. Equipments: television, internet, washing machine, hairdryer and
18452	What makes this flat is ideal for Paris visitor is his location in the Haut Marais neighborhood that is quite a central place, being surrounded by Châtelet, Beaubourg, Bastille, République, Belleville, Obercampf / Menilmontant, Canal St Martin and less than 35mn far from anything in Paris. The apartment is very luminous due to its double exposition and very quiet, it is isolated from traffic by two courtyards and was recently professionally restored. The building is secured by a digicode and a video intercom, has a lift and a grocery store at its feet. 	Freshly restored, this quiet and luminous flat is roomy and well equipped. Its location in the historical center of Paris and a trendy neighborhood makes it  near to every place and venue you'd want to visit. What makes this flat is ideal for Paris visitor is his location in the Haut Marais neighborhood that is quite a central place, being surrounded by Châtelet, Beaubourg, Bastille, République, Belleville, Obercampf / Menilmontant, Canal St Martin and less than 35mn far from anything in Paris. The apartment is very luminous due to its double exposition and very quiet, it is isolated from traffic by two courtyards and was recently professionally restored. The building is secured by a digicode and a video intercom, has a lift and a grocery store at its feet.  The whole apartment is to rent, only a room in the apartment will be kept private. I'm available for communication by mail and phone, I welcome my guests personally and be present at leave. I'm a native french speaker but can speak
18453	Ideal for a couple. This Flat is located, in one of the most central and trendy areas in paris. ‘’Rue au Maire’’, is virtually pedestrian and therefore very quiet. If you want to enjoy the quietness of a bedroom overlooking a courtyard and the effervessence of one of the liveliest areas in paris, this is the place for you ! This typically parisian appartment is fully equipped with washing machine, Nesspresso machine, electric oven, television, induction hob, hair drier…	Ideal for a couple, this typically parisian flat (45 m2) full equipied, is located in one of the most central and trendy areas in paris. You'll nevertheless enjoy the quietness of rue au Maire nearby restaurants, museums, bars, shops... Ideal for a couple. This Flat is located, in one of the most central and trendy areas in paris. ‘’Rue au Maire’’, is virtually pedestrian and therefore very quiet. If you want to enjoy the quietness of a bedroom overlooking a courtyard and the effervessence of one of the liveliest areas in paris, this is the place for you ! This typically parisian appartment is fully equipped with washing machine, Nesspresso machine, electric oven, television, induction hob, hair drier… A resident of Paris for over 10 years, I will be more than happy to give you my favorite shopping, restaurants, or cultural addresses to help you discover another side of Paris.  You will find nearby all the shops, cafés, restaurants, bars, you may need as well as metros, bus and taxis s
18454	Appartement lumineux avec terrasse. Chambre avec lit 2 places, très calme, sur cour.  Lit 2 places dans une alcôve du salon derrière un rideau. Salon avec Wifi. Cuisine américaine avec four, toaster, cafetière, bouilloire, etc. 5 min à pied de République. 10 min à pied de Beaubourg (Centre Pompidou), Les Halles et Châtelet.  15 min à pied du Louvre Métro Strasbourg St Denis - ligne 3, 4, 8 et 9 Restaurants et supermarchés à proximité. Serviettes de toilettes, draps fournis, machine à laver, etc... 80€/nuit + 5€ par personne supplémentaires	Appartement avec terrasse fleurie, situé à proximité des principales attractions touristiques parisiennes. Appartement lumineux avec terrasse. Chambre avec lit 2 places, très calme, sur cour.  Lit 2 places dans une alcôve du salon derrière un rideau. Salon avec Wifi. Cuisine américaine avec four, toaster, cafetière, bouilloire, etc. 5 min à pied de République. 10 min à pied de Beaubourg (Centre Pompidou), Les Halles et Châtelet.  15 min à pied du Louvre Métro Strasbourg St Denis - ligne 3, 4, 8 et 9 Restaurants et supermarchés à proximité. Serviettes de toilettes, draps fournis, machine à laver, etc... 80€/nuit + 5€ par personne supplémentaires Ligne 4, 8, 9 (Strasbourg St Denis) Ligne 3 (Réaumur Sébastopol)
18455	Beau 3 pièces lumineux et standing au coeur de Paris, dans bel immeuble quartier historique du Marais. Appartement ancien entièrement rénové, meublé classique, tableaux, tapis et parquet avec une chambre 2 personnes, une pièce 2 personnes + 1 personne, salon-salle à manger, entrée, WC séparés, cuisine équipée et salle de bains avec baignoire carrelés. Possibilité WiFi. Nombreux restaurants branchés, boutiques créateurs et tous commerces ainsi que parking à proximité immédiate. Desserte métro et bus à 5 minutes à pied. Quartier du Marais, Place des Vosges, Cirque d'Hiver, République et Bastille proches 	Beau 3 pièces lumineux et standing au coeur de Paris, dans bel immeuble quartier historique du Marais. Appartement ancien entièrement rénové, meublé classique, tableaux, tapis et parquet avec une chambre 2 personnes, une pièce 2 personnes + 1 personne, salon-salle à manger, entrée, WC séparés, cuisine équipée et salle de bains avec baignoire carrelés. Possibilité WiFi. Nombreux restaurants branchés, boutiques créateurs et tous commerces ainsi que parking à proximité immédiate. Desserte métro et bus à 5 minutes à pied. Quartier du Marais, Place des Vosges, Cirque d'Hiver, République et Bastille proches 
18456	Practical and comfortable studio in central Paris, perfect for a couple or a couple with a child.  This is a studio of 24m2 located on rue St Martin in the 3rd district in Le Marais  - historical and fashionable part of central Paris. Staying at this apartment will allow you discover central Paris by foot, due to its fantastic location just 5 minutes walk away from the Centre Georges Pompidou and 10 minutes walk from the Seine and Notre Dame Cathedral!  This fully furnished studio apartment has everything you need for your stay including all linen and towels, free Wifi, TV, telephone ( Calls to US, Canada and most European fixed lines are free) and most importantly a friendly welcome upon arrival to check you in and explain the apartment and a contact on hand nearby should you need.  The apartment is situated on the first floor with elevator in the 3rd district of Paris on rue St Martin and even has the orginal exposed beams. Across the street, you have a great bakery and within 2 mins	Special reduced rate: 16 -29 Oct 2014!! Functional 24m² studio-central Paris: 1st floor via stairs/lift. Sofa bed for 2, single murphy bed for 1. Dining table,WIFI, wardrobe. Fully equipped kitchen with washer, bathroom with bath/shower, sink & WC.  Safe and central Paris, located on rue St Martin just a few steps from Centre Georges Pompidou, within the charming Marais area. 15 mins walk to River Seine, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Place des Vosges, rue de Rivoli and Le Louvre. Easy access to all major tourist attractions. Art galleries, boutiques and a lot of restaurants, bistrots, bars and cafés in this lively and fashionable area of Paris. Fantastic bakeries, butchers and supermarkets close by. Arts et Metier Metro or Reaumur Sebastopol Metro. Lots of buses
18457	"L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage, avec ascenseur. Il est très calme et très ensoleillé!  La fenêtre de la chambre est équipée de stores, mais elle reste assez lumineuse le matin (pas d'obscurité complète...). Vous disposez d'une salle de bain et WC privés, avec sa propre terrasse, sans vis-à-vis. Une bouilloire avec thé et café soluble est à disposition pour votre petit-déjeuner ou pour le ""tea time"". "	"Grande chambre de 15m2 avec salle de bain privée et leurs deux terrasses, au coeur du Marais, à 50 mètres du Musée Picasso. Calme, lumière et vue panoramique sur les toits. Grand lit de 160cm, pouvant être divisé en 2 lits de 80cm. L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage, avec ascenseur. Il est très calme et très ensoleillé!  La fenêtre de la chambre est équipée de stores, mais elle reste assez lumineuse le matin (pas d'obscurité complète...). Vous disposez d'une salle de bain et WC privés, avec sa propre terrasse, sans vis-à-vis. Une bouilloire avec thé et café soluble est à disposition pour votre petit-déjeuner ou pour le ""tea time"". La chambre est située à l'extrémité de mon appartement, ce qui préserve votre tranquillité, et la mienne :-) Les autres pièces (séjour, cuisine) ne sont pas accessibles aux voyageurs. J'habite le Marais depuis de nombreuses années, et suis toujours très heureuse de partager mes adresses favorites: musées insolites, jardins cachés, restaurants de quartier, "
18458	Chaleureux appartement, situé en plein coeur de Paris , à 2 mns à pied de la place de la République entre cafés, commerces et desservi par 5 lignes de métro. Cette appartement comporte, un très joli salon marocain, une chambre, une cuisine américaine design et une salle de bain orientale. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. A bientôt	Chaleureux appartement, situé en plein coeur de Paris , à 2 mns à pied de la place de la République entre cafés, commerces et desservi par 5 lignes de métro. Cette appartement comporte, un très joli salon marocain, une chambre, une cuisine américaine design et une salle de bain orientale. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. A bientôt
18459	The apartment is in a second floor and its a historic patrimony of Paris, because in there, Mozart, the greatest pianist composer lived there  a while with his mother. The bedrooms are privates with a window where you can see part of the complex and the street; has a confortable bed, tv, chair, night table.	Cosy and elegant apartment in the center of Paris, with a good style and high standing equipment, in a relaxed place to stay and enjoy. Ideal ubication, you will have near some of the greatest touristic places without being in a tourist zone.
18460	- La situation idéale dans le quartier du marais. - Marché des enfants rouge a 3mn à pieds.  - Appartement typique avec poutres apparentes.  - Appartement très calme qui donne sur cours.  - Rénové en 2013, contemporain.  - Commerce variés (prêt à porter, galerie d'art...) et nombreux restaurants a proximité.  - Parc juste en face de l'appartement. - Métro et Monoprix (grande surface)à 80 mètre.   - Travaillant à la même adresse que l'appartement, je suis disponible et arrangeant au niveau des entrées et sorties (lorsque l'appartement est libre).	- La situation idéale dans le quartier du marais. - Marché des enfants rouge a 3mn à pieds.  - Appartement typique avec poutres apparentes.  - Appartement très calme qui donne sur cours.  - Rénové en 2013, contemporain.  - Commerce variés (prêt à porter, galerie d'art...) et nombreux restaurants a proximité.  - Parc juste en face de l'appartement. - Métro et Monoprix (grande surface)à 80 mètre.   - Travaillant à la même adresse que l'appartement, je suis disponible et arrangeant au niveau des entrées et sorties (lorsque l'appartement est libre). - Connexion internet  - TV câble avec de nombreuses chaînes anglophones  Travaillant à la même adresse, je suis disponible toute la journée.  De plus, je m'engage au maximum à accueillir les locataires pour le check-in / Check-out Quartier du Marais, le meilleur quartier de Paris, surtout en temps que touriste : - Au centre de Paris - une architecture ancienne et authentique avec ses petites rues à découvrir.  - De nombreux commerces et restaur
18461	Marais, 17th century building: classé Monument historique. Experience the romance of Paris in our tastefully decorated studio apt. Great view just behind Pompidou Center in a safe. Apt. fully furnished (excellent quality double bed) & equipped for short stays. Free high-speed internet, unlimited local and long-distance calls. Sleeps 2. 	Marais, 17th century building. Experience the romance of Paris in our tastefully decorated studio apt. Great view just behind Pompidou Center in a safe, charming street with markets, restaurants, art galleries, cafes, shopping; 5 min walk to Chatelet
18462	The studio is fully equipped and furnished. Designed chair, console table. and bed (140 cm x 190 cm). You will enjoy a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris, after climbing 6 flights of stairs (no elevator ... as often in the old Paris) . The bathroom and toilet are inside the studio. Are provided sheets and towels . Household appliances : juicer, Nespresso coffee maker, toaster, stove, microwave, washer dryer, iron, ironing board .	"I the heart of Paris (North Marais), studio overlooking the roofs of Paris. Parquet flooring and exposed beams. Fully equipped. In quiet street with nearby large selection of restaurants,  bars, art galleries. Near all transportation. The studio is fully equipped and furnished. Designed chair, console table. and bed (140 cm x 190 cm). You will enjoy a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris, after climbing 6 flights of stairs (no elevator ... as often in the old Paris) . The bathroom and toilet are inside the studio. Are provided sheets and towels . Household appliances : juicer, Nespresso coffee maker, toaster, stove, microwave, washer dryer, iron, ironing board . Visitors have access to the studio as a whole. I love my neighborhood because it is very central. You can really feel the heart of Old Paris. Everything is close, just a few minutes walk. My street the ""rue Notre Dame de Nazareth"", includes art galleries and fashionable boutiques. There is a wide choice of bars and restaur"
18463	The whole apartment is available for you!  Centrally situated just near the metro Arts et Métiers which lead you everywhere in Paris! The apartment of 30m² has one bedroom with a very comfortable bed. There is a vanity table with lights.  A brand new bathroom with shower and sink and tile on all the walls. Electric stove and oven, washing machine, coffee maker, kettle, and other appliances are available.  In the living room, the sofa can be converted to a bed that can fit 2 additional people. There are 2 big desks that you can use. A dining table is in the living room that can be open if you need more place.	Very cosy, beamed ceilings, 4 people, renovated 2012. ideally located in the heart of Paris, just a few meters from the metro, museums and touristics points around, stores, bar and restaurant... Enjoy the fully equipped kitchen, TV, Ipad Mac laptop,… The whole apartment is available for you!  Centrally situated just near the metro Arts et Métiers which lead you everywhere in Paris! The apartment of 30m² has one bedroom with a very comfortable bed. There is a vanity table with lights.  A brand new bathroom with shower and sink and tile on all the walls. Electric stove and oven, washing machine, coffee maker, kettle, and other appliances are available.  In the living room, the sofa can be converted to a bed that can fit 2 additional people. There are 2 big desks that you can use. A dining table is in the living room that can be open if you need more place. Apartment 30 meters from the metro arts and Metiers. Located in the very chic district of the Marais. Metro Line 11, direct to Republ
18464		26 m2 – In the inner sweetspot of the trendy Marais Super decorated studio well renovated with a living space, kitchen, WC and bathroom with shower. Full-furnished: Flat TV, DVD, Internet, I-pod station, fully fitted Kitchen. Nearby of Place des Vosgues 
18465		Marais area, Rue Réaumur, Studio with a nice view, sunny,  facing Haussmann buildings. 4th flloor, with 2 larges windows 2 beds, fully equiped with a nice bathroom LATE CHECK IN AFTER 8:00PM : 25 EUROS
18466	Très joli appartement de 150 m² situé au 2° étage avec ascenseur offrant la possibilité de loger jusque 6 personnes. 	Appartement de 150m² avec une magnifique vue en plein centre, au coeur du Marais Très joli appartement de 150 m² situé au 2° étage avec ascenseur offrant la possibilité de loger jusque 6 personnes. En entrant dans l'appartement, vous pourrez découvrir,  Une entrée. Un grand salon composé de 2 grands canapés, 2 fauteuils et une table basse; et sa grande bibliothèque. Une salle à manger pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 10 personnes devant les grandes fenêtres avec vue sur le jardin.        Une cuisine entièrement équipée pour votre confort: réfrigérateur encastré, congélateur, four, micro-onde, plaque de cuisson aux gaz, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séche linge, cafetière, bouilloire, grille-pain, et toute la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisines nécessaire. De plus, une table de repas y est disposé pour apprécier le petit déjeuner. Chambre 1: Une suite parentale avec son lit King Size (180x200) et un grand dressing encastré et sa TV. Vue très agréable depuis la fenêtre donnant sur le jardin. 
18467	Exceptional location in the heart of le haut Marais (20 m of the market of les enfants rouges).The best area for fashion and art galleries . Luminous and design apartment of 71 m2, situated in rdc giving onto a hudge court paved of the 18th century. Very quiet, very clear. Direct access to the court. 1 closed rooms(chambers) and an open one on the lounge). (1 big double beds  and 1 king size).	"Exceptional location in le haut marais.(20 m from market of enfants rouges). In the heart of  the best fashion shops and art galleries. Luminous and design apartment 80 m2 giving on an hudge court paved of the 18th century. Very quiet, very luminous. Exceptional location in the heart of le haut Marais (20 m of the market of les enfants rouges).The best area for fashion and art galleries . Luminous and design apartment of 71 m2, situated in rdc giving onto a hudge court paved of the 18th century. Very quiet, very clear. Direct access to the court. 1 closed rooms(chambers) and an open one on the lounge). (1 big double beds  and 1 king size). Possibility of renting a parking with direct acces in the building (extra charge ) The place to be ! One the best place of the Marais, located in a  typical  small street of the Marais, situated in 20 m of the famous market of ""les enfants rouges""and the rue de bretagne. You will be 2 steps of any best restaurants, art gallery, coffee, shops of mode "
18468	Au cœur du Paris artistique, branché, gourmand, vibrant et authentique, ambiance cosy et décontractée garantie! L'appartement de 40m2 dispose d'un lit 2 places dans une chambre séparée et d'un canapé-lit 2 places, soit 4 couchages. 	"Au cœur du Paris artistique, branché, gourmand, vibrant et authentique, ambiance cosy et décontractée garantie! L'appartement de 40m2 dispose d'un lit 2 places dans une chambre séparée et d'un canapé-lit 2 places, soit 4 couchages. - Accès Internet Wifi illimité   - Téléphone illimité en Europe (sur fixes uniquement)  - TV Freebox - Piano-clavier - Grande bibliothèque, BDs et beaux livres  -Grand bureau/table à dessin - Equipements électro-ménagers: four, micro-ondes, cafetière, grille-pain, mixeur, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle - Sèche-cheveux, produits de toilette,  Serviettes et draps propres fournis Je me tiens à disposition des voyageurs pour toute question ou problème concernant le logement par mail ou téléphone. La ""meilleure boulangerie du 11ème"" se trouve au pied de l'immeuble! A deux pas, le marché Richard Lenoir  ( jeudis et dimanche matins) nombreux commerces alentours, épiceries de nuit, cafés restaurants, bars, boîtes de nuit , boutiques branchées, boutiques de photographie,"
18469	Former boutique renovated less than a year ago by an architect, every equipment is brand new! The access to the ground floor is from the yard of the building or the pedestrian street. This floor is secured and has got AC. It contains the living room (with a convertible sofa)), the dining room and the kitchen in a great open space (35m2) The stairs go down to the basement with a parental suite (15m2) enlightened by a window in the ceiling . It's composed with the bedroom (big bed) and the bathroom with a bath tub.	Located between the Canal St Martin, République & the Marais, ideal for a romantic and surprising stay in Paris. With numerous metro stations and boutiques around, you'll live a typical parisian experience! Former boutique renovated less than a year ago by an architect, every equipment is brand new! The access to the ground floor is from the yard of the building or the pedestrian street. This floor is secured and has got AC. It contains the living room (with a convertible sofa)), the dining room and the kitchen in a great open space (35m2) The stairs go down to the basement with a parental suite (15m2) enlightened by a window in the ceiling . It's composed with the bedroom (big bed) and the bathroom with a bath tub. Easy access to every kind of facilities : St Martin market is just accross the street (with its raws of fresh fruits, vegetables and fishes) And supermarkets, bakeries... Everything is less than 50 meters away! (The bakery is even in the same block!) The guests have access 
18470	Beautiful sunny 30m2 fully equipped studio in heart of hip Paris Marais.  Double comfort bed, equipped kitchen, bathroom with a small bath to relax after long walks.  2 little balconies for some sun chill or just to have plenty of light and fresh air all day long.  The studio is full of light and comfy feel. You'll also find a nice record selection to listen to :) 	Beautiful sunny 30m2 fully equipped studio in heart of hip Paris Marais.  Double comfort bed, equipped kitchen, bathroom with a bath to relax after long walks.  2 little balconies for some sun chill or just to have plenty of light and fresh air Beautiful sunny 30m2 fully equipped studio in heart of hip Paris Marais.  Double comfort bed, equipped kitchen, bathroom with a small bath to relax after long walks.  2 little balconies for some sun chill or just to have plenty of light and fresh air all day long.  The studio is full of light and comfy feel. You'll also find a nice record selection to listen to :) 5 min walk to centre Pompidou, the Marais area, Hotel de Ville, 10 min to the trendy canal Saint Martin, 15 min walk to Notre Dame and the Saint Germain area. You can explore Paris by foot from here!  The area is full of hip bars and authentic bistros or restaurants, though the street is very calm and extremely safe. Supermarkets and organic market are just down the building. Arts et m
18471	Huge 5-bedroom apartment with 2 mezzanines situated in the heart of the Marais, in just a short walk from the Pompidou Center. This spacious 5-room apartment is quintessentially Parisian and perfect for spending time among friends in the heart of Paris. The apartment contains a large living/dining room decorated in a style that is both chic and contemporary.   After spending a day exploring the capital, you'll enjoy lounging on the comfortable sofa, where you can relax in front of a DVD.  The apartment also has a free internet connexion.  With its large windows that open on the building's interior courtyard, the apartment is bright and calm. The kitchen, which opens onto the living room, is fully equipped (oven, stove, refrigerator/freezer, coffee maker) with everything you'll need to enjoy preparing your meals among friends. The apartment has 4 bedrooms, each of which contains a double bed. With an additional sofa bed for 2 people and 2 single beds situated on both of the mezzanines, 	A very hard to find -- 120 square meters with bedding for  up to 12 guests, right in the heart of Paris. Huge 5-bedroom apartment with 2 mezzanines situated in the heart of the Marais, in just a short walk from the Pompidou Center. This spacious 5-room apartment is quintessentially Parisian and perfect for spending time among friends in the heart of Paris. The apartment contains a large living/dining room decorated in a style that is both chic and contemporary.   After spending a day exploring the capital, you'll enjoy lounging on the comfortable sofa, where you can relax in front of a DVD.  The apartment also has a free internet connexion.  With its large windows that open on the building's interior courtyard, the apartment is bright and calm. The kitchen, which opens onto the living room, is fully equipped (oven, stove, refrigerator/freezer, coffee maker) with everything you'll need to enjoy preparing your meals among friends. The apartment has 4 bedrooms, each of which contains a do
18472	"STUDIO RECENTLY MADE OF 21 M2. ANY COMFORT, TOILETS, A BIG SHOWER , KITCHENETTE.TELE, INTERNET, WIFI, COFFEE MACHINE. ON THE BACKGROUND OF COURT RENNOVED AND SWALLOWED VERY RECENTLY THERE IS A BED 2 PERSONS UPSIDE  AND A LEATHER SOFA VERY COMFORTABLE WHICH TRANSFORMS IN A 2 PERSONS BED BATHROOM AND TOILETS REDONE VERY RECENTLY. TOWELS AND SHEETS ARE SUPPLIED SOBER AND ELEGANT, STUDIO PLACES IN THE SWAMP IN HEIGHT CENTER OF PARIS. The CLOSEST SUBWAY ""ARTS ET METIERS"" VERY ALIVE STREET  WITH ART GALLERY AND  SMALLS TYPICALLY PARISIAN RESTAURANTS BUT VERY QUIET THE NIGHT In 2 STEPS OF THE PLACE OF THE REPUBLIC OR THE DISTRICT MONTORGUEUIL, VERY CENTRAL. To 2 MN GRAND BOULEVARDS AND ALL ITS THEATERS WHERE PLAY EVERY EVENING THE BIGGEST SHOWS"	"STUDIO RECENTLY MADE OF 21 M2. ANY COMFORT, TOILETS, A BIG SHOWER , KITCHENETTE.TELE, INTERNET, WIFI, COFFEE MACHINE. ON THE BACKGROUND OF COURT RENNOVED AND SWALLOWED VERY RECENTLY THERE IS A BED 2 PERSONS UPSIDE  AND A LEATHER SOFA VERY COMFORTABLE WHICH TRANSFORMS IN A 2 PERSONS BED BATHROOM AND TOILETS REDONE VERY RECENTLY. TOWELS AND SHEETS ARE SUPPLIED SOBER AND ELEGANT, STUDIO PLACES IN THE SWAMP IN HEIGHT CENTER OF PARIS. The CLOSEST SUBWAY ""ARTS ET METIERS"" VERY ALIVE STREET  WITH ART GALLERY AND  SMALLS TYPICALLY PARISIAN RESTAURANTS BUT VERY QUIET THE NIGHT In 2 STEPS OF THE PLACE OF THE REPUBLIC OR THE DISTRICT MONTORGUEUIL, VERY CENTRAL. To 2 MN GRAND BOULEVARDS AND ALL ITS THEATERS WHERE PLAY EVERY EVENING THE BIGGEST SHOWS"
18473	Ce loft, rénové par notre architecte, comprend une vaste pièce à vivre sous une verrière, très beau volume. Une chambre parentale originale est située sur une plateforme suspendue, avec ouvertures modulables. Deux chambres en souplex avec fenêtres zénithales, comprenant chacune un lit simple et un canapé convertible, ce qui peut étendre la capacité d'accueil à 6 personnes.	Loft de 140 m2 situé dans le 3° arr., au bord du Marais. Très central et beaucoup de charme. Dans une galerie calme et harmonieuse, rez-de-chaussée.  Vaste pièce sous verrière  avec cuisine à l'américaine. Trois chambres. Toutes commodités à 2 pas. Ce loft, rénové par notre architecte, comprend une vaste pièce à vivre sous une verrière, très beau volume. Une chambre parentale originale est située sur une plateforme suspendue, avec ouvertures modulables. Deux chambres en souplex avec fenêtres zénithales, comprenant chacune un lit simple et un canapé convertible, ce qui peut étendre la capacité d'accueil à 6 personnes. La cuisine à l'américaine est entièrement équipée. Deux bureaux avec connexion internet & wifi. Salle de bain avec douche et baignoire. Lave-linge et sèche-linge. Réponse par mail, accueil sur place, contact téléphonique possible durant le séjour. Situé entre Bastille et République en bordure du Marais, à deux pas du musée Picasso et de la Place des Vosges, le quartier est
18474	The lounge of this Paris flat is equipped with a double sofa bed, that allows two further person to sleep, and a dining table. The bedroom has a double bed and large wall closets, which are very useful for storing your luggage and clothes. The kitchen is open onto the lounge and is fully equipped. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and is accessible from the entrance hallway. This comfortable and lovely apartment will perfectly suit families or friends who want to discover Paris from a genuine and original neighbourhood. Whether you stay for a week or for several months, you will not be disappointed by this Paris rental apartment.	This comfortable and lovely apartment will perfectly suit families or friends who want to discover Paris from a genuine and original neighborhood. Whether you stay for a week or for several months, you will not be disappointed by this Paris rental. The lounge of this Paris flat is equipped with a double sofa bed, that allows two further person to sleep, and a dining table. The bedroom has a double bed and large wall closets, which are very useful for storing your luggage and clothes. The kitchen is open onto the lounge and is fully equipped. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and is accessible from the entrance hallway. This comfortable and lovely apartment will perfectly suit families or friends who want to discover Paris from a genuine and original neighbourhood. Whether you stay for a week or for several months, you will not be disappointed by this Paris rental apartment. Located on the first floor of a building secured by a code and equipped with a lift, this Paris rental apartment 
18475	This studio is ideally located in the Haut-Marais: only 10 minutes by feet from the Centre Pompidou and from Republique. * Fresh sheets and towels * The cleaning will be done before you come * Calm Building	Welcome to the heart of Paris ! This studio is three minutes by feet from the tube station Art et Métier ! The district has many nice cafés, Parisian concept stores and nice streets... You shall enjoy your stay in the Cty of Lights ! This studio is ideally located in the Haut-Marais: only 10 minutes by feet from the Centre Pompidou and from Republique. * Fresh sheets and towels * The cleaning will be done before you come * Calm Building All the flat will be for you I may not be here to welcome you so somebody will welcome you and do the cleaning before. Have a nice stay in Paris ! :)
18476	Je laisse mon 2-pcs d'env 60m2 en plein centre de Paris (3e-Arts et Métiers) pour une petite semaine. Il y a deux pianos, une mezzanine avec lit à 160 dans la chambre, un canapé-lit double dans le salon, moquette, wifi, télé, lave-linge, ascenseur, douche. Appart calme, voisins sympathiques, près de tout, bien desservi.	Je laisse mon 2-pcs d'env 60m2 en plein centre de Paris (3e-Arts et Métiers) pour une petite semaine. Il y a deux pianos, une mezzanine avec lit à 160 dans la chambre, un canapé-lit double dans le salon, moquette, wifi, télé, lave-linge, ascenseur, douche. Appart calme, voisins sympathiques, près de tout, bien desservi. Wifi, télévision Pas disponible pour échange à cette période Le quartier est très central, de nombreux commerces à proximité ainsi que plusieurs lignes de métro et de bus Métro lignes 3 et 11, bus 75
18477	The apartment is wide, bright and quiet. It is a Parisian-style space with decorative chimneys and old-style wooden floor.	Stylish 1-br 65 m² apartment located in chic & lively district Le Marais, in the heart of Paris.  The apartment is wide and bright, parisian style, and include all needed equipment. The building has an elevator. Easy access to all transportation. The apartment is wide, bright and quiet. It is a Parisian-style space with decorative chimneys and old-style wooden floor. It is located in the heart of Le Marais, with immediate access to shops, restaurants, museums (Picasso Museum, Carnavalet Museum, Beaubourg Museum), as well as the reknown Place des Vosges. All public transportation (metro, bus, taxi) are 5-minutes walk away form the apartment. 
18478	Parisian appartment under the roof in the center of Paris. Right in the heart of le Marais, in a beautiful building on Rue des archives.  Atypical appartment with one living room and one bedroom (not separated). - Kitchen (washing machine, nespresso machine, fridge, ...) - Living room with table, chairs, couch (can be used as a bed), flat screen TV(DVD player etc), Piano - Bedroom with queen size bed - Bathroom with bathtube etc The appartment is very lightly (9 windows on both sides of the appartment) The appartment as a lot of space for clothes etc 5 min away from Beaubourg 5 min away from Place des Vosges 5 min away from Hotel de Ville 15 min away from Notre Dame de Paris Boulangerie in front of the building Many quality shops 3minutes away Very pretty open market 3minutes away (marché des enfants rouges) Supermarket 2minutes away Cheese saler, italian and greek deli,... 	Parisian appartment under the roof in the center of Paris. Right in the heart of le Marais, in a beautiful building on Rue des archives.  Atypical appartment with one living room and one bedroom (not separated). - Kitchen (washing machine, nespresso machine, fridge, ...) - Living room with table, chairs, couch (can be used as a bed), flat screen TV(DVD player etc), Piano - Bedroom with queen size bed - Bathroom with bathtube etc The appartment is very lightly (9 windows on both sides of the appartment) The appartment as a lot of space for clothes etc 5 min away from Beaubourg 5 min away from Place des Vosges 5 min away from Hotel de Ville 15 min away from Notre Dame de Paris Boulangerie in front of the building Many quality shops 3minutes away Very pretty open market 3minutes away (marché des enfants rouges) Supermarket 2minutes away Cheese saler, italian and greek deli,... 
18479	APARTMENT INFORMATION  Stanning apartment, completely renovated in contemporary style by an Italian architect. The moderne and minimalistic style is in perfect armony with antique oak-beaamed. It is on second floor on rue Bèranger, in the lively 3rd district called Marais. It is composed by entrance, large living room with open space kitchen, quiet and silent bedroom overlooking the courtyard and a bathroom with shower, sink, bidet, wc and hair dryer.  The cleae hardwood floor and the charming three windows arch-shape, makes the flat very lightly. You would love a glass of French wine enjoying the view of typical parisien buildings. The flat is located in a quite one way street full of trees. The apartment is well equipped with sink, ceramic hob, fridge, oven, toster, boiler, nespresso coffe machine, washermachine, iron, cableTV, unlimited high speed internet access, WiFi, iPode interface . Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils.  	  Stanning apartment, completely renovated in contemporary style by an Italian architect. The moderne and minimalistic style is in perfect armony with antique oak-beaamed. It is on rue Bèranger, in the lively 3rd district called Marais
18480	A 46m2 apt with good proportions, a hallway, separate toilet and a small kitchen (who wants to cook though with so many good places to eat seconds away?) Plus a bathroom with an actual bath in it, something of a rarity in most Paris apartments, awaits you upon entering.  Located on the 4th floor there is no elevator which is typically Parisien and normally the case in many old buildings in the city. And our accommodation is typically Parisien, old creaky wooden floors, large south facing windows, high ceilings etc. But don't worry everything is clean and white and decorated with new and old industrial vintage furnishings. Our sofa bed is very comfortable, it has a 13cm thick mattress and sits nicely in our cosy lounge. You may have to fight for space with our incredibly silly and gentle cat who loves attention though! Unlike other cats our cat is very vocal and when she feels like it she loves attention and will very rarely bite or attack.  	Looking for a lovely comfortable clean sofa bed to crash on for a few nights whilst in this beautiful city of lights? Major metro lines, great cafés & culture all a walk away? Then look no further than our apartment complete with fluffy cat.      A 46m2 apt with good proportions, a hallway, separate toilet and a small kitchen (who wants to cook though with so many good places to eat seconds away?) Plus a bathroom with an actual bath in it, something of a rarity in most Paris apartments, awaits you upon entering.  Located on the 4th floor there is no elevator which is typically Parisien and normally the case in many old buildings in the city. And our accommodation is typically Parisien, old creaky wooden floors, large south facing windows, high ceilings etc. But don't worry everything is clean and white and decorated with new and old industrial vintage furnishings. Our sofa bed is very comfortable, it has a 13cm thick mattress and sits nicely in our cosy lounge. You may have to fight fo
18481	"Lovely apartment in a very Parisian style 19th century building (nice back yard, fountain, plants, etc.), all secured (concierge, video surveillance). The place is cute and very well decorated with a ""cabinet de curiosités"" aspect, fully equipped and very comfortable: dish washer, washing/drying machine, Wi-Fi, king size bed, bathtub, etc. Please note there is no TV here. But who cares, you are in Paris to enjoy the city !"	"Beautiful and comfortable apartment, ideally located (easily walkable to the very center : Beaubourg, le Marais, etc.). Fully equipped (dish washer, washing machine, Wi-Fi, etc.) Exquisite decoration, all commodities and convenience around. Lovely apartment in a very Parisian style 19th century building (nice back yard, fountain, plants, etc.), all secured (concierge, video surveillance). The place is cute and very well decorated with a ""cabinet de curiosités"" aspect, fully equipped and very comfortable: dish washer, washing/drying machine, Wi-Fi, king size bed, bathtub, etc. Please note there is no TV here. But who cares, you are in Paris to enjoy the city ! Full access, the place is yours. Depending on your arrival time and my availability, I will do my best to welcome you here. If unfortunately I can’t, there is a simple and safe process to pick up the key. I’m always happy to meet my guests for a chat around a coffee or a drink. However, some guests don’t specifically express the w"
18482	Composé d'une seule pièce, le logement propose un équipement complet : lit 140x200 (pour 1 ou 2 personnes), cuisine équipée (évier, plaque à induction, réfrigérateur, four à micro ondes, lave-vaisselle, ainsi qu'une salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et wc. Accès wifi à partir de juillet 2015. Eclairé par 2 fenêtres (dont un velux), le logement laisser rentrer généreusement le soleil ... toute la journée. Vous pourrez assister, les soirées sans nuages, à un magnifique coucher de soleil sur les toits de Paris !	Petit logement pour 1 ou 2 personnes  (2 personnes in love !) tout équipé (y compris wifi) posé sur les toits au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Situé dans le Marais, il est au cœur de la vie parisienne dans l'un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris. Composé d'une seule pièce, le logement propose un équipement complet : lit 140x200 (pour 1 ou 2 personnes), cuisine équipée (évier, plaque à induction, réfrigérateur, four à micro ondes, lave-vaisselle, ainsi qu'une salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et wc. Accès wifi à partir de juillet 2015. Eclairé par 2 fenêtres (dont un velux), le logement laisser rentrer généreusement le soleil ... toute la journée. Vous pourrez assister, les soirées sans nuages, à un magnifique coucher de soleil sur les toits de Paris ! Le logement est proposé en entier J'essaie d'être présent à votre arrivée, mais mon activité professionnelle m'amène à voyager régulièrement. En mon absence vous récupérerez les clés à votre arrivée auprès d'une personne de confiance. Le Marais
18483	Charming duplex in the heart of the Marais. Ideally located r close to the Picasso museum, restaurants and trendy fashion shops, this charming duplex offers all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition. Charming duplex in the heart of the Marais. Ideally located rue de Poitou close to the Picasso museum, restaurants and trendy fashion shops, this charming duplex offers all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition. You will find a charming little kitchen, a comfortable living room with a beautiful view of greenery, a shower room and a the loft bedroom !	Charming duplex in the heart of the Marais. Ideally located  close to the Picasso museum, restaurants and trendy fashion shops, this charming duplex offers all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition. Charming duplex in the heart of the Marais. Ideally located r close to the Picasso museum, restaurants and trendy fashion shops, this charming duplex offers all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition. Charming duplex in the heart of the Marais. Ideally located rue de Poitou close to the Picasso museum, restaurants and trendy fashion shops, this charming duplex offers all the charm of Parisian life at a price defying any competition. You will find a charming little kitchen, a comfortable living room with a beautiful view of greenery, a shower room and a the loft bedroom ! Metro line 8 Filles du calvaire :5 minutes walking
18484	"""This Charming 60 square meters , 2 Bedrooms, apartment is located on rue Pecquay in the 4th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 5 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, phone, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. This Charming 60 square meters , 2 Bedrooms, apartment is located on rue Pecquay in the 4th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 5 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, phone, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. Free Internet Access. Bedroom 1: The 12 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : european queen size bed (1.60m), bedside table, chest of drawers, hard wood floor. Bedroom 2: The 12 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window fac"	"""This Charming 60 square meters , 2 Bedrooms, apartment is located on rue Pecquay in the 4th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 5 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, phone, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. This Charming 60 square meters , 2 Bedrooms, apartment is located on rue Pecquay in the 4th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 5 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, phone, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. Free Internet Access. Bedroom 1: The 12 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : european queen size bed (1.60m), bedside table, chest of drawers, hard wood floor. Bedroom 2: The 12 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window fac"
18485	Apartment with a 3,30 meters roof and a mezzanine with a very comfortable bed. Comfortable sofa bought in April 2014.	"Nice apartment recently refurbished, typical parisian, in the heart of Le Marais, with 2 large beds for 4 people, WIFI internet connexion, large TV with 100 channels (also in English), dishwasher, washing machine, induction cooker, modern kitchen Apartment with a 3,30 meters roof and a mezzanine with a very comfortable bed. Comfortable sofa bought in April 2014. Access to all the apartment Typical shops around, bakery, cafes, and just 300 meters from the very popular Centre Georges Pompidou. 5 minutes walking from City Hall Paris (Hotel de Ville). Supermarket right down the building of the apartment open til 11 PM every day. Easy access to the apartment with metro (lines 3, 4 and 11). Metro station ""Arts et Métiers"" or ""Réaumur Sébastopol"""
18486		Idéal pour un couple, cet appartement est composé d'une grande chambre lumineuse, d'une salle de bain équipée (douche, lavabo, machine à laver) avec toilettes séparées et d'une grande et spacieuse cuisine avec four,  lave vaisselle et réfrigérateur. Vous aurez accès à tout le logement sauf à ma chambre qui sera fermée à clés. N'hésitez pas à me contacter si vous avez la moindre question. La rue Quincampoix est une rue pétionne et animée dans laquelle vous y trouverez plusieurs galeries d'art mais surtout de très bon bistrots. À une minute à pied du Centre Pompidou et à dix minutes du Marais, l'appartement est idéalement situé. Appartement situé au coeur de Paris, il est très bien desservi: Métro ligne 1 à Hôtel de Ville ou Châtelet, Métro ligne 11 à Rambuteau, Métro ligne 4 à Etienne Marcel. De nombreuses lignes de bus sont à proximité ainsi que des stations vélib'.
18487	The space has just been renovated early 2014. Please email me for more details. (email hidden)	The space has just been renovated early 2014. Please email me for more details. (email hidden)
18488	Bright and cozy 30m duplex apartment in the Centre of Paris, ideally located in between Le Marais and Canal Saint Martin neighborhoods. Make it yours on your stay in Paris. Appartement en duplex lumineux, confortable et très bien situé entre Le Marais et Le Canal Saint Martin. Faites en votre petit chez vous à Paris. __________________________________________________________ The high ceilings in the apartment make it feel like an open and very bright space. The duplex is located on a trendy road with many little restaurants and stores. At night, the road is a safe, very quiet and pleasant while still being walking distance away from the Centre of Paris.  On the ground floor, you will find the living room with a two seater sofa and a large coffee table,  a fully equipped kitchen with a washing machine, the bathroom.  On the first floor, the bedroom with a brand new queen size bed and cupboards.   	Bright and cozy 30m duplex apartment in the centre of Paris. Walking distance from Le Marais, Canal Saint Martin and Republique.  Looking forward to hosting you in the city of Light. Bright and cozy 30m duplex apartment in the Centre of Paris, ideally located in between Le Marais and Canal Saint Martin neighborhoods. Make it yours on your stay in Paris. Appartement en duplex lumineux, confortable et très bien situé entre Le Marais et Le Canal Saint Martin. Faites en votre petit chez vous à Paris. __________________________________________________________ The high ceilings in the apartment make it feel like an open and very bright space. The duplex is located on a trendy road with many little restaurants and stores. At night, the road is a safe, very quiet and pleasant while still being walking distance away from the Centre of Paris.  On the ground floor, you will find the living room with a two seater sofa and a large coffee table,  a fully equipped kitchen with a washing machine, the 
18489		hi,i am an artist, ,creation is my life...the therapy i use to help people is based on creation;  everybody is different,so i use different  methode with each person i decided to open my place to visitors; to previde them with a very unique atmosphe
18490	"Very cosy as say my friends, you will arrive in an apartment - Hôtel de Boufflers - the Knights of the Temple of the end of the XVIIth - which I totally renovated 8 years ago. The energy is there friendly, welcoming, and colored. I adore the red Siena!  Down from 3 small floors without elevator, you will sleep peacefully in a quiet and directed room(chamber) side the North. We sleep there very well.  There is a broadband WiFi.  The bathroom was very thought ""girl"" thus very raspberry and lilac and of course with a bathtub! The cooking(kitchen) is completely equipped with refrigerator, microwave oven, cooktops in vitreous ceramic, to toast and Italian barkeepers (coffeepots)."	"Cosy house in the center of Paris. Good energy. Can welcome 2 people. Take advantage of cultural pleasures and of bars of the Swamp with the peace of the apartment on the return to strolls. Very cosy as say my friends, you will arrive in an apartment - Hôtel de Boufflers - the Knights of the Temple of the end of the XVIIth - which I totally renovated 8 years ago. The energy is there friendly, welcoming, and colored. I adore the red Siena!  Down from 3 small floors without elevator, you will sleep peacefully in a quiet and directed room(chamber) side the North. We sleep there very well.  There is a broadband WiFi.  The bathroom was very thought ""girl"" thus very raspberry and lilac and of course with a bathtub! The cooking(kitchen) is completely equipped with refrigerator, microwave oven, cooktops in vitreous ceramic, to toast and Italian barkeepers (coffeepots). Wa can discuss by : - mail  - skype - viber - what's app. Deceive good things and without moderation. Safe maybe of ""my home""!"
18491	MEDIEVAL GUEST-SUITE Stained-glass windows, fireplace, wooden beamed ceiling, romantic view, and a magnificent bathroom all make this extra large studio an exceptional place to stay. Completely rebuilt by an interior designer in a French medieval style, it can easily accommodate one couple plus one single on a single bed. A luxury alternative to the Marais Most prestigious hotels, in the stylish and entertaining rue Charlot and rue de Bretagne Area, just five minutes walk to Picasso Museum.	This very authentic apartment is located in a 1612 mansion in North Marais, rue Charlot, 5 min walking distance from the Picasso Museum and Place des Vosges. Bars, restaurants, trendy shops and art galleries at your doorstep. MEDIEVAL GUEST-SUITE Stained-glass windows, fireplace, wooden beamed ceiling, romantic view, and a magnificent bathroom all make this extra large studio an exceptional place to stay. Completely rebuilt by an interior designer in a French medieval style, it can easily accommodate one couple plus one single on a single bed. A luxury alternative to the Marais Most prestigious hotels, in the stylish and entertaining rue Charlot and rue de Bretagne Area, just five minutes walk to Picasso Museum. FACILITIES Large comfortable high quality bed Cable TV with 200 channels DVD player Wifi and Macintosh computer Hair-dryer, iron and ironing board Digicode and intercom entry systems Private telephone line, Free unlimited local & international landline calls Stereo system with 
18492	In the heart of Paris, in the Marais, 5 minutes from the cultural place Beaubourg, 10 minutes from Rue de Bretagne and Rue Montorgueil, my apartment is perfectly located to visit the city and to enjoy the shopping. The apartment, very calm and very sunny is a haven of peace where you can have a rest between 2 visits. On the 6th floor, without elevator, under the roofs, the apartment is very charming, and completely refurbished. With 40m2 of living space, it is very comfortable for 2 persons.  A confortable living with 2 sofas A kitchen equipped with a bar A well-organized bathroom with an italian shower, lavatory and toilets A cosy bedroom with a double bed (160*200) The place is equipped with a television (many channels), with internet (WiFI or Ethernet) and with CD player. Telephone service is not provided.  The apartment located on rue de Montmorency in the 3rd district, is very accessible to the metro stations Arts et Métiers (lines 3 and 11), Rambuteau (line 11), Réamur-Sébastopol	The ideal apartment in the heart of Paris to visit and to make the most of all the shops and restaurants. Very quiet and very sunny, renovated, with open view on roofs and any comfort, it will seduce you certainly! In the heart of Paris, in the Marais, 5 minutes from the cultural place Beaubourg, 10 minutes from Rue de Bretagne and Rue Montorgueil, my apartment is perfectly located to visit the city and to enjoy the shopping. The apartment, very calm and very sunny is a haven of peace where you can have a rest between 2 visits. On the 6th floor, without elevator, under the roofs, the apartment is very charming, and completely refurbished. With 40m2 of living space, it is very comfortable for 2 persons.  A confortable living with 2 sofas A kitchen equipped with a bar A well-organized bathroom with an italian shower, lavatory and toilets A cosy bedroom with a double bed (160*200) The place is equipped with a television (many channels), with internet (WiFI or Ethernet) and with CD player.
18493	Toutes les pièces, sauf la cuisine, donnent sur le jardin, une roseraie. L'ensemble de l'appartement est loin des bruits de la ville. La roseraie est d'accès public, fréquentée par des connaisseurs - et des oiseaux variés ! La résidence est fermée la nuit (vous aurez une clé électronique pour en ouvrir la grille). Si vous le souhaitez, une place de parking peut être mise à votre disposition au sous-sol de l'immeuble. Dans ce cas, une participation vous sera demandée pour l'ensemble de votre séjour, sur la base de 10 € par jour (à payer sur place). L'ensemble est accessible par ascenseur. L'appartement a été totalement rénové dans sa plus grande partie. Il est haut de plafond et décoré avec soin, avec des œuvres d'art et des objets rapportés de pays lointains. Logement : - Chambre avec lit de 140 cm : ambiance douce, volets intérieurs dans le style du Marais. - Grand séjour : un canapé-lit de 140 cm, un piano à queue, des bibliothèques, un parquet en chêne massif, des meubles choisis...	Appartement exceptionnellement situé, au cœur du Marais, près de la Place des Vosges et du Musée Picasso, dans la dépendance historique d'un hôtel particulier, sur une voie piétonne bordant une roseraie, au calme. Deux-pièces de 65 m², avec parking. Toutes les pièces, sauf la cuisine, donnent sur le jardin, une roseraie. L'ensemble de l'appartement est loin des bruits de la ville. La roseraie est d'accès public, fréquentée par des connaisseurs - et des oiseaux variés ! La résidence est fermée la nuit (vous aurez une clé électronique pour en ouvrir la grille). Si vous le souhaitez, une place de parking peut être mise à votre disposition au sous-sol de l'immeuble. Dans ce cas, une participation vous sera demandée pour l'ensemble de votre séjour, sur la base de 10 € par jour (à payer sur place). L'ensemble est accessible par ascenseur. L'appartement a été totalement rénové dans sa plus grande partie. Il est haut de plafond et décoré avec soin, avec des œuvres d'art et des objets rapportés
18494	A lovely room in the heart of the fashionable district of Le Marais in the former Hotel de Joyeuse.  Having climbed the wooden steps of the old staircase to the fourth floor, you will have access to a real old Parisian apartment, nestled under the roof, with its low ceiling and its endearing and stunning views over the roofs, the changing sky full of birds.  After a good shower, an invigorating breakfast is waiting for you to prepare for a day of work or adventure.  Three subway stations and a dozen bus stations are nearby, plus Velib and Autolib stations.  It is close to the Seine, to the Place des Vosges, museums are all around, luxury boutiques and designer shops : Paris is yours!   A room with a library, wardrobe, his private washbasin. You share a large shower room with another guest.  New bedding, a mattress on wooden slats, a light but warm quilt, impeccable linen. WiFi, hairdryer, courtesy tray with tea, coffee, sugar, milk. Toilets shared by members of the apartment and equipp	A lovely room in the heart of the fashionable district of Le Marais in the former Hotel de Joyeuse.  Having climbed the wooden steps of the old staircase to the fourth floor, you will have access to a real old Parisian apartment, nestled under the roof, with its low ceiling and its endearing and stunning views over the roofs, the changing sky full of birds.  After a good shower, an invigorating breakfast is waiting for you to prepare for a day of work or adventure.  Three subway stations and a dozen bus stations are nearby, plus Velib and Autolib stations.  It is close to the Seine, to the Place des Vosges, museums are all around, luxury boutiques and designer shops : Paris is yours!   A room with a library, wardrobe, his private washbasin. You share a large shower room with another guest.  New bedding, a mattress on wooden slats, a light but warm quilt, impeccable linen. WiFi, hairdryer, courtesy tray with tea, coffee, sugar, milk. Toilets shared by members of the apartment and equipp
18495	Marais Haven comes to Paris-pads having being beautifully restored by the Owner. Tastefully decoreted in muted warm  tones you feel automatically calm and relaxed. Light floods in from the quait courtyard with views of floral and greens from all the windows. All the fit out is quality with a natural weave carpet  laid throughout.  Unusal antique pieces sourced by the owner in Brussels are dotted throught out. A quality kitchnette houses all your essentials and the shower room boasts a powerful directional shower with a seperate WC. The bedroom is tucked away at the end of the apartment calm and quiet a bright and spacious room with a luxury queen size bed. Marais haven sits in a quiet Courtyard tucked away from the bustling busy streets of Paris it is quiet unique and holds a history of its own. The original stone wall contrasts with the calm tones the restored wooden beam partiton dividing the dining from the living intrigues the eye. You are staying in a piece of Marais history but w	Marais Haven comes to Paris-pads having being beautifully restored by the Owner. Tastefully decoreted in muted warm  tones you feel automatically calm and relaxed. Light floods in from the quait courtyard with views of floral and greens from all the windows. All the fit out is quality with a natural weave carpet  laid throughout.  Unusal antique pieces sourced by the owner in Brussels are dotted throught out. A quality kitchnette houses all your essentials and the shower room boasts a powerful directional shower with a seperate WC. The bedroom is tucked away at the end of the apartment calm and quiet a bright and spacious room with a luxury queen size bed. Marais haven sits in a quiet Courtyard tucked away from the bustling busy streets of Paris it is quiet unique and holds a history of its own. The original stone wall contrasts with the calm tones the restored wooden beam partiton dividing the dining from the living intrigues the eye. You are staying in a piece of Marais history but w
18496	You occupy a quiet and spacious room, decorated in simple fashion with prints brought back from different trips around Asia. The bed was recently purchased from a good brand and is very confortable.	"Located at the centre of Paris, this quiet, clean and spacious room is the ideal place for any tourist interested in discovering the city on foot. We speak english fluently and will be able to answer any question you may have on our beloved Paris. You occupy a quiet and spacious room, decorated in simple fashion with prints brought back from different trips around Asia. The bed was recently purchased from a good brand and is very confortable. You will have access to the kitchen and a recently renovated bathroom with a large shower, which is shared with my sister who also lives in the apartment.  You are welcome  the living room from 9:30 am to 8:30 pm. Someone from the family will welcome you and answer any possible question you may have on the city, access to places, shopping, restaurants ..we like to make people feel welcome in our city Access from CDG airport (1 hour) look for the sign ""Vers Paris"" with an icon of a train, on it.  It will take you to the platform of RER B a suburban"
18497	Perfectly located in the center of Paris 75003 ! It is on the 3rd and first floor,  The building as the street are very quiet, and the neighbors are friendly. so it is calm,safe,easy area. My apartment is available, The place is spacious 1 sofa bed in the living rooms , apartment located in the Marais, Arts et Metiers subway station. 2 people can sleep in the room ,The apartment is also inculd kitchen and a bathroom.	Downtown Paris 75003, 2 min to metro. 15 min walk to Hotel de ville - The most famous arts Centre Pompidou.Around full of Restaurant.   Very safe and nice area!  Sofa bed in the Share room    Perfectly located in the center of Paris 75003 ! It is on the 3rd and first floor,  The building as the street are very quiet, and the neighbors are friendly. so it is calm,safe,easy area. My apartment is available, The place is spacious 1 sofa bed in the living rooms , apartment located in the Marais, Arts et Metiers subway station. 2 people can sleep in the room ,The apartment is also inculd kitchen and a bathroom. I am really welcome nice people who host in this apartment. I am gay friendly people.  1/floor. not really bother neighborhood 2 min by walk to metro in the center of paris
18498	The location, the style, the simplicity...above all, the feeling that you are in the hustle and bustle of one of the world's most beautiful and quaint capital cities!	The location, the style, the simplicity...above all, the feeling that you are in the hustle and bustle of one of the world's most beautiful and quaint capital cities! During my time away, I will have a trusted friend in my position to answer any questions or problems you might have and to help with information about the city and the area. At the very heart of Paris, there is a maze of cobbled and paved streets intertwining into the infamous 'Marais' and the central surrounding areas. Within these areas, you can find many of the city's 'hidden gems', authentic eateries and 'hipster hangouts'. Furthermore, you are no more than a five minute walk from the Pompidou modern art museum, less than 10 minutes walk from 'La Perle' café and numerous other brunching havens. Paris is one of the best cities I've ever lived in for getting about! You have pay-as-you-go bicycles (velib), UBER taxis a-plenty, the Paris metro (lines 4, 11, 3 and 9 at your fingertips from the studio) and the RER (outer li
18499		This light, bright and well equipped apartment is right in the heart of Paris is within one of the most popular tourist areas:Le Marais. With an abundance of bars, restaurants, shops, boutiques, patisseries this area is trendy and central. 
18500	Un charmant studio parisien totalement rénové bénéficiant de tout le confort situé à proximité de la Place de la république, entre Temple, Arts et métiers et au centre du Nord Marais. Calme et clair situé dans un immeuble typique du marais. Situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d’un très joli immeuble 1700, ce studio très agréable est composé d'une très jolie pièce principale avec deux fenêtres donnant sur une cour intérieure calme et claire. Les poutres sont magnifiques et donnent à cet appartement un côté chaleureux. Il y a une petite cuisine bien équipée avec plaques, micro onde, réfrigérateur, machine à café, télévision (avec de nombreuses chaînes étrangères) et wi-fi. L’appartement est équipé d un meuble lit convertible très confortable avec deux couchages de (90x200) . La décoration est moderne  et chaleureuse, c'est un appartement dans lequel on se sent bien...La salle d’eau est très jolie avec une douche, lavabo et WC.Ce charmant studio est juste parfait pour passer un séjour agré	Un charmant studio parisien totalement rénové bénéficiant de tout le confort situé à proximité de la Place de la république, entre Temple, Arts et métiers et au centre du Nord Marais. Calme et clair situé dans un immeuble typique du marais. Un charmant studio parisien totalement rénové bénéficiant de tout le confort situé à proximité de la Place de la république, entre Temple, Arts et métiers et au centre du Nord Marais. Calme et clair situé dans un immeuble typique du marais. Situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d’un très joli immeuble 1700, ce studio très agréable est composé d'une très jolie pièce principale avec deux fenêtres donnant sur une cour intérieure calme et claire. Les poutres sont magnifiques et donnent à cet appartement un côté chaleureux. Il y a une petite cuisine bien équipée avec plaques, micro onde, réfrigérateur, machine à café, télévision (avec de nombreuses chaînes étrangères) et wi-fi. L’appartement est équipé d un meuble lit convertible très confortable avec deux 
18501	Localisation idéale pour le shopping, les week end en amoureux, les escapades touristiques... Un gardien est présent toute la journée et l'immeuble est équipé d'un digicode et d'un ascenseur. Etage : 4 Pièces : 1 Cuisine équipée/ 1 WC / 1 Buanderie /1 Chambre / 1 salle de bain Literie: 1 lit double 160 cm (Literie grand confort) Salle de Bain: 1 douche à l'italienne, 1 lavabo, toilettes séparés Draps et linge fournis 	Calme et lumineux, cet appartement  se situe en plein coeur de Paris dans la rue des Francs Bourgeois, à deux pas de la Place des Vosges.  Ce beau T2 de 32m²  a été entièrement rénové avec goût par un architecte d'intérieur. Localisation idéale pour le shopping, les week end en amoureux, les escapades touristiques... Un gardien est présent toute la journée et l'immeuble est équipé d'un digicode et d'un ascenseur. Etage : 4 Pièces : 1 Cuisine équipée/ 1 WC / 1 Buanderie /1 Chambre / 1 salle de bain Literie: 1 lit double 160 cm (Literie grand confort) Salle de Bain: 1 douche à l'italienne, 1 lavabo, toilettes séparés Draps et linge fournis Aéroport à proximité : ORLY à 17 kilomètres  Gare à proximité : GARE DE LYON à 1.1 kilomètres  La remise des clés se fait sur place Arrivée tardive (apres 21h):+50€ Pas d'arrivée après minuit Bar / Restaurant à proximité : PLACE DES VOSGES à 100 mètres   Restaurant : La Casa San Pablo à 50 mètres  Appartement situé face au Musée Carnavalet et à la Blib
18502	Localisation parfaite dans Paris, espace loft, déco très personnelle chinée aux 4 coins du monde, l'impression d'être dans une maison en plein Paris !	"Dans LE MARAIS, espace loft, esprit ""déco-bohême"", vaste living de 55 m2 avec cuisine ouverte parfaitement équipée, grande hauteur sous plafond, poutres apparentes, style ""masion à Paris"", matelas-futon double sur mezzanine isolée. Localisation parfaite dans Paris, espace loft, déco très personnelle chinée aux 4 coins du monde, l'impression d'être dans une maison en plein Paris !"
18503		Enjoy your stay in a typical Marais 2 bedroom apartment,  Perfectly located in the North Marais, at the corner of the famous Rue de Bretagne, this flat is perfectly suited for 2 couples, or a family. I hope to see you soon !
18504	Nice apartment in the Marais.	Nice apartment in the Marais. All the apartment. washing machine. Fully equiped kitchen e-mail, telephone the Marais is a central neighborhood, full of history and charm. metro, bus, taxi 4th floor. no lift
18505	Nous louons un appartement de deux pièces (très lumineux) de 50m2 situé rue du Temple dans le Haut-Marais, à quelques pas de la Place des Vosges. L'appartement est au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus en vue et animé de Paris, avec ses boutiques ses restaurants et ses nombreuses galeries. L'appartement refait a neuf en 2012 est composé d'un salon avec une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (lave-vaisselle). Le WIFI est mis a disposition. L'autre pièce est une grande chambre cosy avec un lit très confortable. Toutes les pièces donnent sur la terrasse exposé plein ouest. En effet l'atout charme de cet appartement est sa terrasse de 10m2 qui permet des repas au soleil mais aussi des moments de repos sur les transats.  De nombreux commerces sont situés à proximité rue du Bretagne, deux supermarchés, ainsi que les marché des enfants rouges.  Nous sommes un jeune couple parisien depuis toujours prêt à vous faire partager nos bonnes adresses et nos coins insolites de Paris!	Nous louons un appartement de deux pièces (très lumineux) de 50m2 situé rue du Temple dans le Haut-Marais, à quelques pas de la Place des Vosges. L'appartement est au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus en vue et animé de Paris, avec ses boutiques ses restaurants et ses nombreuses galeries. L'appartement refait a neuf en 2012 est composé d'un salon avec une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (lave-vaisselle). Le WIFI est mis a disposition. L'autre pièce est une grande chambre cosy avec un lit très confortable. Toutes les pièces donnent sur la terrasse exposé plein ouest. En effet l'atout charme de cet appartement est sa terrasse de 10m2 qui permet des repas au soleil mais aussi des moments de repos sur les transats.  De nombreux commerces sont situés à proximité rue du Bretagne, deux supermarchés, ainsi que les marché des enfants rouges.  Nous sommes un jeune couple parisien depuis toujours prêt à vous faire partager nos bonnes adresses et nos coins insolites de Paris!
18506	"The flat is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district and a few steps away from Place des Vosges, art galleries, local bistros, restaurants and places to going out. Hotel de Ville and Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) are a quick walk from the flat.  The flat, entirely renovated one year ago, of a surface of 30 square meters has a separated room in mezzanine plus a sofa-bed Anthracite resin floors, new bathroom and toilet, fully equipped open-plan  kitchen(micro-wave, oven, fridge) The flat is very luminous, calm, located on the 2ndfloor of the building overhanging one of the most historical courtyard of Paris called ""La cour des Enfants Rouges"" !  "	"Enjoy the city like a local parisian, while staying in one of the most authentic and vibrant neighbourhoods in Paris. The flat entirely renovated is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district and a few steps away from Place des Vosges  The flat is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district and a few steps away from Place des Vosges, art galleries, local bistros, restaurants and places to going out. Hotel de Ville and Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) are a quick walk from the flat.  The flat, entirely renovated one year ago, of a surface of 30 square meters has a separated room in mezzanine plus a sofa-bed Anthracite resin floors, new bathroom and toilet, fully equipped open-plan  kitchen(micro-wave, oven, fridge) The flat is very luminous, calm, located on the 2ndfloor of the building overhanging one of the most historical courtyard of Paris called ""La cour des Enfants Rouges"" !  The flat is fully furnished and it is completely equipped (WI-FI, washing machine, micro-wave, o"
18507	 Les plus de la location Idéalement situé au cœur du Marais, dans un passage privé typique, cet appartement 3 pièces avec spa est le résultat d'une réhabilitation d'une ancienne usine à escargot en ateliers pour artistes. La décoration résolument contemporaine et atypique transforme l'espace en un lieu convivial à partager entre amis. L'aménagement a privilégié un grand séjour de 25 m² éclairé par une verrière sur toute sa longueur. Ce séjour permet une vie chaleureuse pour 6 personnes et comprend un canapé-lit confortable. La petite chambre de 9 m², à l'arrière et au calme, comprend une table de nuit et un plan d'étagère de 1 m ; elle donne sur une grande salle de bain (8 m²) avec baignoire, lavabo, WC et grande douche. Les murs sont en pâte de verre. Au sous-sol, sans aucun bruit, on découvre une chambre de 15 m², avec bureau et table de nuit, et derrière l'escalier design une grande penderie en inox. Cette chambre est la préférée des enfants ! Elle donne sur l'espace spa, un lavabo,	Idéalement situé au cœur du Marais, dans un passage privé, cet appartement 3 pièces avec spa est le résultat d'une réhabilitation d'une usine à escargot en atelier d'artiste. Un grand séjour et deux petites chambres et espace Spa en cave voûtée.    Les plus de la location Idéalement situé au cœur du Marais, dans un passage privé typique, cet appartement 3 pièces avec spa est le résultat d'une réhabilitation d'une ancienne usine à escargot en ateliers pour artistes. La décoration résolument contemporaine et atypique transforme l'espace en un lieu convivial à partager entre amis. L'aménagement a privilégié un grand séjour de 25 m² éclairé par une verrière sur toute sa longueur. Ce séjour permet une vie chaleureuse pour 6 personnes et comprend un canapé-lit confortable. La petite chambre de 9 m², à l'arrière et au calme, comprend une table de nuit et un plan d'étagère de 1 m ; elle donne sur une grande salle de bain (8 m²) avec baignoire, lavabo, WC et grande douche. Les murs sont en pâte
18508	C'est une petite surface, mais très cosy. Et agréable pour votre repos.  Il n'y a pas de cuisine à l'intérieur de la chambre. Le Marais incarne le charme des temps anciens et la vivacité de la ville moderne. On aime se perdre dans les ruelles pavées de ce quartier surnommé le “Vieux Paris”. On y découvre de somptueuses cours cachées, on y déniche des boulangeries aux murs couverts de lierre, des galeries d’art provocantes. L'importante population juive qui y réside, ainsi que la communauté gay qui y a élu domicile, prennent grand soin de la préservation du patrimoine et de l'esthétisme soigné de ce magnifique quartier. Métro Arts et Métier Métro Temple - NO TV,  NO KITCHEN ! - SERVIETTES DE TOILETTE & DRAPS FOURNIS	C'est une petite surface, mais très cosy. Et agréable pour votre repos.  Il n'y a pas de cuisine à l'intérieur de la chambre. Le Marais incarne le charme des temps anciens et la vivacité de la ville moderne. On aime se perdre dans les ruelles pavées de ce quartier surnommé le “Vieux Paris”. On y découvre de somptueuses cours cachées, on y déniche des boulangeries aux murs couverts de lierre, des galeries d’art provocantes. L'importante population juive qui y réside, ainsi que la communauté gay qui y a élu domicile, prennent grand soin de la préservation du patrimoine et de l'esthétisme soigné de ce magnifique quartier. Métro Arts et Métier Métro Temple - NO TV,  NO KITCHEN ! - SERVIETTES DE TOILETTE & DRAPS FOURNIS Le Marais incarne le charme des temps anciens et la vivacité de la ville moderne. On aime se perdre dans les ruelles pavées de ce quartier surnommé le “Vieux Paris”. On y découvre de somptueuses cours cachées, on y déniche des boulangeries aux murs couverts de lierre, des ga
18509	The apt window overlooks the inner courtyard so even though you're situated on the most popular street in the Marais, the apt is quiet at night. LOCATION ! LOCATION! Please check RUE DES ARCHIVES to know where it is located. The location is very convenient as a sightseeing base for the whole Paris. For those who enjoy shopping, art, culture,… this is the perfect place .  The street goes on and is lined with shops.  There is a great balance between traditional mom and pop shops, with the latest brand name items  there are all of the world's top brand names, with large stores selling the very latest fashions and accessories, as well as quirky vintage boutiques. it is a perfect place to call home when you stay out all day exploring the city There is also a ton of bars and restaurants in the area. So anything you want, you can get it. The apartment is exactly just next to the well known Georges Pompidou Museum.  It is also in walking distance from the very center of Paris and many sightsee	The loft is located in the center of Paris in a safe area, the oldest , the most trendy fashionable , chic Parisian quatier It is located on the 2nd floor, (no elevator) Everything you need is HERE. The apt window overlooks the inner courtyard so even though you're situated on the most popular street in the Marais, the apt is quiet at night. LOCATION ! LOCATION! Please check RUE DES ARCHIVES to know where it is located. The location is very convenient as a sightseeing base for the whole Paris. For those who enjoy shopping, art, culture,… this is the perfect place .  The street goes on and is lined with shops.  There is a great balance between traditional mom and pop shops, with the latest brand name items  there are all of the world's top brand names, with large stores selling the very latest fashions and accessories, as well as quirky vintage boutiques. it is a perfect place to call home when you stay out all day exploring the city There is also a ton of bars and restaurants in the ar
18510	Ideally located in the northern side of the historical Marais district, this exceptional apartment is located in Rue du Temple in the 3rd arrondissement, meters away from the TEMPLE metro stop. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms apartment ( one wc) is presented to a very high standard, with 24hour concierge. Maid and baby sitting services are also available, upon request. Retaining the original fireplaces and parquetry floors, this spacious apartment oozes French charm and (website hidden) has been renovated in 2010 and decorated by a renown international designer. This light and bright apartment is on the 4th floor with elevator and boasts stunning views over the St.Elisabeth church, built by Marie De Medicis in 1628. The house was built in 1860 , the ceilings are 3.20mt high with moulded stone details ,marble fire place, wooden floorboards. Few step away there is a boulangerie ( bakery shop) and a fully serviced big grocery store ( monoprix)open until 10PM), very convenient for a late dinne	Ideally located in the northern side of the historical Marais district. Perfect for 4 people. upon request it can host to a maximum of 5 guests. Ideally located in the northern side of the historical Marais district, this exceptional apartment is located in Rue du Temple in the 3rd arrondissement, meters away from the TEMPLE metro stop. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms apartment ( one wc) is presented to a very high standard, with 24hour concierge. Maid and baby sitting services are also available, upon request. Retaining the original fireplaces and parquetry floors, this spacious apartment oozes French charm and (website hidden) has been renovated in 2010 and decorated by a renown international designer. This light and bright apartment is on the 4th floor with elevator and boasts stunning views over the St.Elisabeth church, built by Marie De Medicis in 1628. The house was built in 1860 , the ceilings are 3.20mt high with moulded stone details ,marble fire place, wooden floorboards. Few ste
18511	Optimized studio apartment for a quality stay. Designed by an architect, it is very functional, providing the right space for every need, with the tip of a Murphy bed for a nice sleep in a comfortable double bed when unfolded and turning into a cozy sofa during day. Well equipped kitchen, modern and large bathroom. Closet in the entrance	Lovely modern studio situated between the top of Marais area and République / Canal Saint Martin. Modern decoration, very functional layout with fold-away bed, quality furnishings, beautiful bathroom, very well equipped. Convenient, quiet and so cute Optimized studio apartment for a quality stay. Designed by an architect, it is very functional, providing the right space for every need, with the tip of a Murphy bed for a nice sleep in a comfortable double bed when unfolded and turning into a cozy sofa during day. Well equipped kitchen, modern and large bathroom. Closet in the entrance You will be welcomed by the dedicated apartment manager who will assist you in the best way is settling down and will provide you with all the necessary information and recommendations. Check-out will be organized with him wether he will be present or not. A perfect location in a quiet but lively street , 2 steps from the Place de la Republique, Arts et Metiers district and top part of Le Marais. 10 minute
18512		Appartement 55m2 très lumineux idéalement situé entre la rue de Bretagne et la rue Vieille du Temple, en pleins cœur du marais, l'un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris.
18513		Idéalement placé dans le 3ème arrondissement de Paris cet appartement est idéal pour une petite virée parisienne.
18514	Very well located and warmly decorated	This is 1 bedroom apartment in the center of the msot trendy parisian neighborhood : le Marais. Come and enjoy the bars, cafés and designer shops at the corner. Drink some white wine and taste some oysters next to a very cosmopolitan crowd.  Very well located and warmly decorated Guests have access to everything in the apt. I am very reachable and willing to help the guests with whatever they feel  You are in the heart of trendy Paris but in a street a bit hiddent from all the crazyness. Go out and you'll find some nice cocktail bars (Candelaria, Little Red Door), wonderful pastry place (Popelini) or the cutest open air market with many food stands (le marché des enfants rouges). The closest subway stations are Filles du Calvaire, Saint Sébastien Froissart, Oberkampf or Temple. It is just 10 min walking from Republique.
18515	Appartement disponible au cœur de Paris. A 5 minutes à pied de la place de la République et du métro du même nom. Très bien desservi par le métro (5 lignes s'y croisent, lignes 3, 5, 8, 9, 11).Rue calme mais quartier animé, galeries d'art, bars, restaurants, magasins, fripes...Proche de la rue Oberkampf, très pratique pour boire un verre, proche centre Châtelet (20mn à pied), proche Montmartre (25 mn de métro) et pas très loin de la tour Eiffel (35 mn de métro) ou des Champs Elysées (25 mn de métro). Il s'agit d'un 2 pièces (deux chambres) + cuisine et salle de bain. Sauf exception, la seconde chambre est occupée par ma (email hidden) il y a un canapé-lit 2 places et 1 matelas extra une place. Internet avec Wifi à disposition, possibilité de cuisiner et de stocker de la nourriture si besoin est. Machine à laver également disponible. Placards également disponible pour stocker quelques affaires. Pas de parking mais stations Vélib (location vélo) à 2 minutes à pied. Si je suis là je me fe	Chambre au coeur du Marais. 5mn à pied du métro République, lignes 3,5,9,11. Rue calme mais quartier animé. Galeries d'arts, restos, bars, marché... Room in the heart of Le Marais by metro station Republique. Calm street but lively neighborhood ! Appartement disponible au cœur de Paris. A 5 minutes à pied de la place de la République et du métro du même nom. Très bien desservi par le métro (5 lignes s'y croisent, lignes 3, 5, 8, 9, 11).Rue calme mais quartier animé, galeries d'art, bars, restaurants, magasins, fripes...Proche de la rue Oberkampf, très pratique pour boire un verre, proche centre Châtelet (20mn à pied), proche Montmartre (25 mn de métro) et pas très loin de la tour Eiffel (35 mn de métro) ou des Champs Elysées (25 mn de métro). Il s'agit d'un 2 pièces (deux chambres) + cuisine et salle de bain. Sauf exception, la seconde chambre est occupée par ma (email hidden) il y a un canapé-lit 2 places et 1 matelas extra une place. Internet avec Wifi à disposition, possibilité de c
18516		Magnifique appartement au coeur de Paris (près de la Place de la République) dans un immeuble style Napoléon III, au 4ème étage plein Sud, à proximité du quartier du Marais et du Canal Saint-Martin. Plusieurs lignes de métro et de bus au pied de l'immeuble.
18517	Au coeur de Paris.  In heart of Paris 	1 pièces,  lit deux places convertible, kitchenette,lave linge, internetvwifi Située dans le marais à 5 min du centre beaubourg.  Center of Paris, in Le Marais, between Rambuteau and Hotel de Ville, ideally located (near by Beaubourg, ) Au coeur de Paris.  In heart of Paris Centre de Paris Métro ligne 1 ou 3
18518	• Happiness Home informations By arriving, you will be welcomed by a natural home fragrance which has been choosen to make this apartment your home sweet home. This charming 35 m2 two-rooms flat (376 sq. ft) with exposed beams is bright due to a ceiling height of 3m20 and its 3 windows of 2m height opening on a courtyard. It is composed of a living room tastefully decorated with two design armchairs placed as a sofa and which you can move very easily to make an extra bed for a third person, an opened and fully equipped kitchen with micro wave, oven, fridge and washing/drying machine totally built-in, induction cooking plates and all pans, pots, dishes and utensils you need to show your real cooking chief’s talents !  You will spend your nights in a huge bedroom furnished with a queen size bed (1m60), an awesome built-in cupboard, a real Louis-Philippe antique bench and a tall miror to check out any detail before to go out into the trendiest district of Paris ! The window of this great 	Charming & cosy 35 sq.m-2-rooms-apartment located in the heart of the Marais in Paris ! Beautiful and fully equipped, ideal for holidays or business.  From here you are near everything ! Enjoy it ! Your stay will be unforgettable.  • Happiness Home informations By arriving, you will be welcomed by a natural home fragrance which has been choosen to make this apartment your home sweet home. This charming 35 m2 two-rooms flat (376 sq. ft) with exposed beams is bright due to a ceiling height of 3m20 and its 3 windows of 2m height opening on a courtyard. It is composed of a living room tastefully decorated with two design armchairs placed as a sofa and which you can move very easily to make an extra bed for a third person, an opened and fully equipped kitchen with micro wave, oven, fridge and washing/drying machine totally built-in, induction cooking plates and all pans, pots, dishes and utensils you need to show your real cooking chief’s talents !  You will spend your nights in a huge bedr
18519	Bright and cozy 35m2 apartment in the centre of Paris, the district is named Le Marais. Looking forward to hosting you in the city of Light. 	"Bright, cozy and very central apartment located in a quiet side street in the center of Le Marais (historical district). Building equipped with a lift, close to many metro, ideal for visiting. Bright and cozy 35m2 apartment in the centre of Paris, the district is named Le Marais. Looking forward to hosting you in the city of Light. Towels, sheets, shower gel and shampoo are provided  as well as Nespresso coffee and Hédiard tea for your stay. Guests have full access to the apartment and all the amenities provided. The apartment is equipped with Hi speed Wi-Fi. A collection of books is also available. I will be around, ready to help and happy to suggest you best french restaurants, great museum or good shopping adress. The apartment is located in the oldest area of Paris named Le marais. It's very close form many museum like Beaubourg, Carnavalet , Picasso, Cognac Jay museums, le Louvre, Notre dame ...  The flat is next to a beautiful organic market ""les enfants rouges"" on rue de Bretagn"
18520	We are a couple (2 people) and rent a prived room in our apartment for the week.  Apartment Full of light, very large room, nice view. Huge kitchen, nice. Flowers and lot's of air. Easy and very calm neighbourhood. Exposed beam, and large space. Lift. Right in the middle of Paris, between Republic place and Beaubourg. Nous sommes un couple louant une chambre de notre appartement en semaine. Appartement idéalement situé, très grande chambre & spacieuse /propre/spacieux/lumineux et avec un ascenseur en prime. Proche de toutes commodités. Cafe et boulangerie en bas de l immeuble.  Station métro et taxi juste de l autre côté de l avenue.très pratique.  Appartement entièrement équipé:télé,wifi...	A couple rent on week a Superb Room of 18m2 nice in large Appartment on the center of Paris, le Marais . 2nd floor, lot's of sunshine. Big Bedroom (bed for two). Large kitchen fully equiped. Separated toilets. bathroom bath tube. Soundproof windows. We are a couple (2 people) and rent a prived room in our apartment for the week.  Apartment Full of light, very large room, nice view. Huge kitchen, nice. Flowers and lot's of air. Easy and very calm neighbourhood. Exposed beam, and large space. Lift. Right in the middle of Paris, between Republic place and Beaubourg. Nous sommes un couple louant une chambre de notre appartement en semaine. Appartement idéalement situé, très grande chambre & spacieuse /propre/spacieux/lumineux et avec un ascenseur en prime. Proche de toutes commodités. Cafe et boulangerie en bas de l immeuble.  Station métro et taxi juste de l autre côté de l avenue.très pratique.  Appartement entièrement équipé:télé,wifi... Acces prived room, bathroom, wc acces kitchnet re
18521	Vous rêvez d'un séjour romantique et vous endormir les yeux dans les étoiles? Mon petit appartement est fait pour vous!  	Magnifique petit studio sous les toits, designé par architecte, neuf, tout équipé (four micro-ondes grill, réfrigérateur, machine à laver, grille-pain...) parfait pour un couple ou deux amis. Situé dans le Marais, à proximité de la place des Vosges.  Vous rêvez d'un séjour romantique et vous endormir les yeux dans les étoiles? Mon petit appartement est fait pour vous!  Accès à tout ce que vous voulez, tant que vous vous sentez bien, et heureux. Je suis toujours présente pour accueillir les voyageurs.  Vous voulez en savoir plus sur mon quartier?  visitez ce lien : (website hidden)_Marais_(quartier_parisien).  Après ça, vous saurez tout! Nombreuses stations de métro, bus, à proximité:  Filles du calvaire, Saint Sebastien Froissart, République. Stations de Vélib également, et stations de taxi juste en face de l'immeuble.
18522	idéal pour couples désirant du calme, vacanciers, proche quartiers Marais, République, Halles-Châtelet 	  Appartement, proche de tout (métros, boutiques,supermarchés...), centre de Paris,très calme. 30 m2: entrée, cuisine, salle de bain (baignoire, toilette, lavabo), grande pièce à vivre avec télé, wifi, canapé convertible 2 pers, lit 2 pers.    idéal pour couples désirant du calme, vacanciers, proche quartiers Marais, République, Halles-Châtelet  métro à 5 min quelqu'un sera disponible 24h/24h par téléphone et mail, et physiquement de 18h à 22h30. le calme de la rue tout en étant à proximité des quartiers animés du centre de Paris métro lignes 3, 5, 8, 9, 11 lignes de bus
18523		"Lovely typical flat, entirely renovated. 42m2 with 1 room (double bed), kitchen, bath room with shower, saloon (1 sofa that becomes a bed for 2 personns). Very comfortable flat, perfect to visit Paris ! Well located in the quarter of ""Le Marais"" Subway ""les filles du calvaire"" line 8."
18524	The flat is centrally located in the Marais and in immediate proximity of the Place des Vosges (Paris' oldest Royal plaza, 16th century), and the  world famous Picasso Museum. You can enjoy dozens of  cafés, restaurants, grocery stores and epiceries closeby. As well as discover the lively Marais with its numerous art galleries and concept stores. There is so much to do within a 10-15 minute walk! The area is very safe and you can walk back even very late at night.  You will love our bright, typical Marais apartment located on a calm yet central street, perfect for a good nights sleep. It has wooden floors, beamed ceiling and a beautiful vintage bathtub. Recently refurbished and nicely decorated with modern and cozy furniture, it has 2 large windows offering a perfect open view with no vis-a-vis (a rarity in Paris) on beautiful Parisian buildings. Large wooden stairs with awnings at each half floor will take you to the apartment on the 3rd floor of our typical centuries old Parisian bui	Superb appartment, ideally located in the Marais and Place des Vosges, with wooden floors & beamed ceiling, beautiful vintage bathtub, and a fireplace. 2 large windows offering a beautiful view. Proper queen-sized bed and double sofabed and fully equipped kitchen (even a dishwasher). Metro lines in the immediate vicinity.   The flat is centrally located in the Marais and in immediate proximity of the Place des Vosges (Paris' oldest Royal plaza, 16th century), and the  world famous Picasso Museum. You can enjoy dozens of  cafés, restaurants, grocery stores and epiceries closeby. As well as discover the lively Marais with its numerous art galleries and concept stores. There is so much to do within a 10-15 minute walk! The area is very safe and you can walk back even very late at night.  You will love our bright, typical Marais apartment located on a calm yet central street, perfect for a good nights sleep. It has wooden floors, beamed ceiling and a beautiful vintage bathtub. Recently ref
18525	2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. Le Jardin Du Marais is a classically furnished 35 sq.meter one bedroom apartment, that can welcome up to 4 guests. With exposed ancient ceiling beams, hardwood floor and stylish decor, mixing modern design with gold gilded mirrors, Le Jardin Du Marais is a welcoming respite in the city. Located just off Rue Du Temple, walk to the heart of Paris in minutes. A short walk to Hotel De Ville, the River Seine, the Central Islands, Notre-Dame Cathedral and more, you are in the heart of it all. Enjoy local Rue De Bretagne a block away for authentic gourmet shops. Bakeries, cheese shops, butcher, fresh fish and seafood as well as local favorite cafes and restaurants are all located in this neighborhood. Enjoy some food from the open-air market of Les Enfants Rouges. Or shop for some fresh produce to cook a meal in the comfort of home. The kitchen is a chef's delight. Recently renovated and fully equipped. Featuri	Stylish & Classic One bedroom apartment for up to 4 guests. Newly Renovated Fully Equipped Kitchen that is a Chefs Delight! Trendy North Marais Location, walk to Notre-Dame in minutes. 1 Block from Rue De Bretagne Market Street + 2 Free River Cruise! 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. Le Jardin Du Marais is a classically furnished 35 sq.meter one bedroom apartment, that can welcome up to 4 guests. With exposed ancient ceiling beams, hardwood floor and stylish decor, mixing modern design with gold gilded mirrors, Le Jardin Du Marais is a welcoming respite in the city. Located just off Rue Du Temple, walk to the heart of Paris in minutes. A short walk to Hotel De Ville, the River Seine, the Central Islands, Notre-Dame Cathedral and more, you are in the heart of it all. Enjoy local Rue De Bretagne a block away for authentic gourmet shops. Bakeries, cheese shops, butcher, fresh fish and seafood as well as local favorite cafes and restaurants 
18526	Situation En plein cœur de Paris, dans le quartier du haut Marais, au deuxième étage d’un immeuble typiquement Parisien du 17 ème siècle, entièrement rénové, notre grand studio de 30 m2 calme et lumineux vous permettra de découvrir ou redécouvrir ce quartier historique. Il se situe à deux pas des musées Picasso et Carnavalet, de la place des Vosges, à quelques minutes à pied du Centre Pompidou et de la Maison de la photographie. Dans le quartier des galeries d’art contemporain. Pour faire du shopping, à quelques enjambées des boutiques de mode de la rue des Francs- Bourgeois, de la rue des Rosiers, de chez Merci, Bon Ton, APC, etc.  Vous pourrez découvrir également le Marché des Enfants Rouges, le plus ancien marché couvert de Paris situé à moins de trois cent mètres de l’appartement.  A pied, vous gagnerez rapidement les bords de Seine et un grand nombre de sites touristiques.   Pour faire vos courses, vous serez situé à proximité immédiate de la rue de Bretagne où vous trouverez de n	Situation En plein cœur de Paris, dans le quartier du haut Marais, au deuxième étage d’un immeuble typiquement Parisien du 17 ème siècle, entièrement rénové, notre grand studio de 30 m2 calme et lumineux vous permettra de découvrir ou redécouvrir ce quartier historique. Il se situe à deux pas des musées Picasso et Carnavalet, de la place des Vosges, à quelques minutes à pied du Centre Pompidou et de la Maison de la photographie. Dans le quartier des galeries d’art contemporain. Pour faire du shopping, à quelques enjambées des boutiques de mode de la rue des Francs- Bourgeois, de la rue des Rosiers, de chez Merci, Bon Ton, APC, etc.  Vous pourrez découvrir également le Marché des Enfants Rouges, le plus ancien marché couvert de Paris situé à moins de trois cent mètres de l’appartement.  A pied, vous gagnerez rapidement les bords de Seine et un grand nombre de sites touristiques.   Pour faire vos courses, vous serez situé à proximité immédiate de la rue de Bretagne où vous trouverez de n
18527	"Located in the charming ""bobo"" (Bourgeois-Bohême) République/Canal St Martin area (central Paris), the apartment is situated on the 2nd floor of a quiet building in a big courtyard away from street noise. Very nice street, close to several supermarkets (Monoprix, Franprix, Carrefour) and filled with good restaurants. The area is well known for its fashion boutiques, traditional local grocery stores including one of Paris’ best 'boulangeries' (bakery) and many cool bars. You'll be 5 minutes away from the Canal Saint Martin and less than 10 minutes away from the Centre Georges Pompidou. Marais, Oberkampf and Belleville areas are within walking distance.  The room is part of a 4-rooms apartment (90m²), bright, with high ceilings and big windows, a nice living-room, a big bathroom with a real bathtub and separated kitchen with washing-machine. I have two roomates, Paul, who works as an interior architect and Edgar, who studies urbanism (but you won't be sharing the apartment if you book th"	"Room in a shared apartment with 1/2 roomates. Perfect for students or low budget travellers, very well located in a quiet street in central area, République. Typical and welcoming place, ideal for short stays in Paris.  Located in the charming ""bobo"" (Bourgeois-Bohême) République/Canal St Martin area (central Paris), the apartment is situated on the 2nd floor of a quiet building in a big courtyard away from street noise. Very nice street, close to several supermarkets (Monoprix, Franprix, Carrefour) and filled with good restaurants. The area is well known for its fashion boutiques, traditional local grocery stores including one of Paris’ best 'boulangeries' (bakery) and many cool bars. You'll be 5 minutes away from the Canal Saint Martin and less than 10 minutes away from the Centre Georges Pompidou. Marais, Oberkampf and Belleville areas are within walking distance.  The room is part of a 4-rooms apartment (90m²), bright, with high ceilings and big windows, a nice living-room, a big b"
18528		"Very bright apartment on the 2nd floor  at the foot of the subway station ""arts et métiers"" Fully furnished  secured by digital code and a caretaker. Located in a lively area with many shops, restaurants, cafés and close to major   public transport. On august, minimum stay of one month. From september/october, the accomodation will be rented on long term ( about 6 months at the minimum) ."
18529	Located right under the roofs, the room welcomes you with a large twin bed, a quiet courtyard view - total independance from the other room of the flat.	"I am leaving you my room in the centre of a historical neighbourhood. - very lively neighbourhood outdoors but quiet nights indoors - 5min walk from: place des Vosges, Picasso museum, the Seine banks. All guests are welcome :) Located right under the roofs, the room welcomes you with a large twin bed, a quiet courtyard view - total independance from the other room of the flat. Charming living room and clean bathroom, with access to the fridge, the washing machine and the WiFi - even the living-room chimney if it gets chilly! Le Marais is one of the oldest neighbourhood in Paris - blessed with narrow, preserved streets and is now the epicentre of all things fashionable. You could spend hours walking from one art gallery to the other, stopping in pop-up shops  or vintage stores, watching people from a ""terrasse"" enjoying amazing food everywhere. But Paris certainly does not boil down to the Marais, and you do have fantastic places to go right nearby - you will be 5min from the Seine, 10m"
18530	The master bedroom has a queen bed (160cm) and the second bedroom has a twin bed (90cm). The double sofabed in the living room (140cm) is the highest quality bed available, designed for daily use, and is suitable for 2 adults to sleep comfortably.    The bathroom has a sink/vanity area, toilet and shower stall. The bathroom is stocked with supplies such as bath soap & hand soap, shampoo, a hair dryer, a flat iron. The apartment has ample towels and bed linens. 	Comfortable Family Home in the Marais - Open & Bright! Sleeps 5-6 Guests,  Welcome to your new home in the Marais on rue du Perche! Our comfortable apartment sleeps 5 guests, with the option of adding a 6th guest if it is a child.  The master bedroom has a queen bed (160cm) and the second bedroom has a twin bed (90cm). The double sofabed in the living room (140cm) is the highest quality bed available, designed for daily use, and is suitable for 2 adults to sleep comfortably.    The bathroom has a sink/vanity area, toilet and shower stall. The bathroom is stocked with supplies such as bath soap & hand soap, shampoo, a hair dryer, a flat iron. The apartment has ample towels and bed linens. The Marais neighborhood is wonderful, with boutiques and cafes everywhere!! Be sure to visit the market, Marché des Enfants Rouge, on rue de Bretagne - our favorite in Paris!! You also have three supermarkets within a 5-minute walk. The Marais neighborhood is wonderful, with boutiques and cafes everywh
18531	THE APARTMENT 2 rooms apartment (53m2). Very bright and very quiet. Ideal for couples or a stay with friends (2-4 people). THE MAIN ROOM It consists of: • a large living / dining room with: - A table and 4 chairs - Coffee table - A large flat screen TV - Internet access with wifi - Canal + • a kitchen with: - Induction plate - Large fridge and freezer - Coffee machine - Kettle - Dishes / utensils - Washing machine THE ROOM Nice spacious room with a double bed and possibility of storage if needed. A TV and a stereo. The Bathroom with bath. Towels.	Beautiful apartment renovated with elevator, quiet and bright. Ideal for couples with baby (bed provided). In the heart of Paris. (perfect for 2-4 people +baby ). That's all that Paris becomes available :) THE APARTMENT 2 rooms apartment (53m2). Very bright and very quiet. Ideal for couples or a stay with friends (2-4 people). THE MAIN ROOM It consists of: • a large living / dining room with: - A table and 4 chairs - Coffee table - A large flat screen TV - Internet access with wifi - Canal + • a kitchen with: - Induction plate - Large fridge and freezer - Coffee machine - Kettle - Dishes / utensils - Washing machine THE ROOM Nice spacious room with a double bed and possibility of storage if needed. A TV and a stereo. The Bathroom with bath. Towels. In the heart of Paris. • Access on foot: - Beaubourg - Notre Dame - Châtelet les Halles - Place des Vosges - Czech ... • Transport (metro / bus / vélib): Many stations (Arts and crafts, Rambuteau Réaumur Sebastopol, Les Halles, Republic) ser
18532	Belle surface, havre de paix au sein d'un quartier très vivant et touristique. Equipé d'un lit double de qualité, d'un canapé convertible, d'une  kitchnette entièrement équipée qui vous permettra de vous préparer et prendre vos repas, (refrigerateur, plaques de cuisson, micro onde, vaisselles) une armoire, douche, serviettes de bain. Frais de ménage de sortie 30 euros.	Beau studio spacieux refait à neuf, situé dans un très bel immeuble du XVIII siècle en plein coeur de Paris, quartier République. A 10 minutes du Marais, de Opéra, et de Montmartre. Musée, café, restaurant, commerce à proximité. Emplacement idéal. Belle surface, havre de paix au sein d'un quartier très vivant et touristique. Equipé d'un lit double de qualité, d'un canapé convertible, d'une  kitchnette entièrement équipée qui vous permettra de vous préparer et prendre vos repas, (refrigerateur, plaques de cuisson, micro onde, vaisselles) une armoire, douche, serviettes de bain. Frais de ménage de sortie 30 (website hidden) câblé, wifi,  Je serai à votre disposition pendant la durée de votre séjour pour vous renseigner. Quartier animé avec de nombreux restaurants, pub,  à proximité des lieux histroriques et musées, à 10 minutes du Marais, de Notre Dame, du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, de Montmatre, Opéra, et 15 minutes des Champs Elysée. Au pied du métro République lignes 3,5,8,9 et 11, bus,
18533	Ideal for business or leisure stay, this atypical small studio in the heart of the Marais near the Picasso museum. Located on the 1st floor of a 4 story building with no elevator. You will be able to fully experience the diversity of the cultural life of Paris and mainly historical Le Marais district . Located in the triangle drawn by the Hotel de Ville, Place de la Bastille and Place de la République, the Marais is one of the most beautiful area of Paris It can comfortably accommodate two people with its quality sofa bed for everyday sleeping or mezzanine mensardé . Numerous storage spaces have also been provided to make your stay enjoyable. The apartment has a kitchen equipped with everything needed to prepare meals , which opens onto the main room. The lounge area has a convertible dining table with two folding chairs coffee table, flat screen TV , with box , and a free WiFi internet access , a DVD recorder drive. A desk with a desktop multimedia Divx and music at your disposal free	Charming studio with its small garden terrace in the heart of the capital, in the famous Marais district, ideal for exploring the capital. Close to museums, bars and cosmopolitan restaurants. near the metro and shops Ideal for business or leisure stay, this atypical small studio in the heart of the Marais near the Picasso museum. Located on the 1st floor of a 4 story building with no elevator. You will be able to fully experience the diversity of the cultural life of Paris and mainly historical Le Marais district . Located in the triangle drawn by the Hotel de Ville, Place de la Bastille and Place de la République, the Marais is one of the most beautiful area of Paris It can comfortably accommodate two people with its quality sofa bed for everyday sleeping or mezzanine mensardé . Numerous storage spaces have also been provided to make your stay enjoyable. The apartment has a kitchen equipped with everything needed to prepare meals , which opens onto the main room. The lounge area has a
18534	The entrance to this (website hidden) apartment, with a (website hidden) mezzanine area, opens up directly into the kitchen area, which presents high ceilings with its double volume. The kitchen is fitted with a counter with work space, burners and sink, making an L-shape from the main wall facing the entrance and to the right of it, whilst to one side a large refrigerator and more cabinets and cupboards complete the kitchen units. Above the kitchen a banister clearly marks the mezzanine area, not accessible from this part of the house. Beyond the kitchen is the actual day area, with lower single volume ceiling, offering a cosy atmosphere complete with a foldable wooden table with two “Ghost” chairs – signature pieces designed by Stark – and two stools, ideal for a lunch in 4, a wooden side-board, a charming fire place and a double sofa bed (160cm wide). A lovely 18th century window allows for plenty of natural sunlight to brighten the environment, with its immense glass panels. The me	Charming studio apartment in Paris with mezzanine, fully renovated in August 2010, located on the 1st floor of an 18th century period building (no elevator) in the heart of the Marais, in the 3rd arrondissement. The entrance to this (website hidden) apartment, with a (website hidden) mezzanine area, opens up directly into the kitchen area, which presents high ceilings with its double volume. The kitchen is fitted with a counter with work space, burners and sink, making an L-shape from the main wall facing the entrance and to the right of it, whilst to one side a large refrigerator and more cabinets and cupboards complete the kitchen units. Above the kitchen a banister clearly marks the mezzanine area, not accessible from this part of the house. Beyond the kitchen is the actual day area, with lower single volume ceiling, offering a cosy atmosphere complete with a foldable wooden table with two “Ghost” chairs – signature pieces designed by Stark – and two stools, ideal for a lunch in 4, 
18535	Bed room in an apartment in a luxury stone building very close to subway stations of lines 8, 5, and 1, which allow you to be very quickly in all the places of Paris, and in approximately 45 mn Roissy and Orly airports , you are 200 m of the « place desVosges », at the heart of Paris, in the historic district of the « Marais », with its very numerous restaurants livened up all year long, and by the shopping street of the « Francs Bourgeois », with its numerous shops, This district contains numerous museums (Carnavalet, Picasso, Victor Hugo's house …) and you can quickly go on foot on « Notre-Dame », « l’Ile de la Cite » and the banks of the Seine. The bed room with a bed 1,40 x 1,90  is like a studio separate from the rest of the appartment by 2 doors, with a private shower and toilets room. It gives onto a very calm private park, what is rare in Paris The apartment is at the fourth and last floor of the building, with an elevator. You could have free access to the kitchen and the livi	Bed room in an apartment in a luxury stone building very close to subway stations of lines 8, 5, and 1, which allow you to be very quickly in all the places of Paris, and in approximately 45 mn Roissy and Orly airports , you are 200 m of the « place desVosges », at the heart of Paris, in the historic district of the « Marais », with its very numerous restaurants livened up all year long, and by the shopping street of the « Francs Bourgeois », with its numerous shops, This district contains numerous museums (Carnavalet, Picasso, Victor Hugo's house …) and you can quickly go on foot on « Notre-Dame », « l’Ile de la Cite » and the banks of the Seine. The bed room with a bed 1,40 x 1,90  is like a studio separate from the rest of the appartment by 2 doors, with a private shower and toilets room. It gives onto a very calm private park, what is rare in Paris The apartment is at the fourth and last floor of the building, with an elevator. You could have free access to the kitchen and the livi
18536	"The bright and unique living room is bathing in sunlight all day thanks to the many ceiling high windows; it also preserves its original fireplaces throughout the apartment. It is brightly decorated and furnished with two comfortable sofas one of which converts into a double bed for two people. The antique and modern furniture such as the large wooden wardrobes, dining table, sideboard, flat screen TV and HI system mix and match perfectly. The sizable modern kitchen has all the necessary extras to enjoy some home cooking or just a coffee from the ""Nespresso"" machine. In the first bedroom you’re met with the three vast ceiling high windows with magnificent views onto the church. A comfy king-size bed with bedside tables and reading lamps. There’s also plenty of storage for your personal belongings or souvenirs,  An elegant workstation to enjoy the complimentary WIFI and its all tastefully decorated to help to unwind and relax for a peaceful nights sleep.  The second large and bright roo"	"This sunny and large apartment accessible by lift is an ideal place for a family or friends getaway together. Metro, delis, restaurant, and main sight seeings of Paris are just at your doorstep... The bright and unique living room is bathing in sunlight all day thanks to the many ceiling high windows; it also preserves its original fireplaces throughout the apartment. It is brightly decorated and furnished with two comfortable sofas one of which converts into a double bed for two people. The antique and modern furniture such as the large wooden wardrobes, dining table, sideboard, flat screen TV and HI system mix and match perfectly. The sizable modern kitchen has all the necessary extras to enjoy some home cooking or just a coffee from the ""Nespresso"" machine. In the first bedroom you’re met with the three vast ceiling high windows with magnificent views onto the church. A comfy king-size bed with bedside tables and reading lamps. There’s also plenty of storage for your personal belong"
18537		Petit cocon mignon et plein de charmes pour accueillir des voyageurs sur des courtes durées. Un salon blanc avec un canapé et deux chaises et un coin kitchenette + une petite salle de bain et une mezzanine avec un matelas de 140cm. Localisation idéale dans un quartier calme entre Chatelet les halles, Place de la République et le Marais.
18538		Spacious 55 sq. meters loft style apartment located in the Marais, the heart of the city, minutes walk from the Pompidou center, Notre Dame and the river. Comfortable for 4 guests, recently renovated and nicely decorated, free wifi, large cable TV, unlimited calls, combo washer/dryer, extremely quiet, what else?
18539	Avec sa situation dans l’un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris, idéalement implanté au cœur du marais, rue Saint Gilles, cet appartement vous promet tout le meilleur pour votre séjour. Il est situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble totalement sécurisé, de la grille qui donne sur la rue principale à la porte de l'appartement. L'immeuble est très calme. Ambiance cosy pour un intérieur spacieux et très lumineux avec une certaine touche rétro. La chambre très éclairée aux lignes pures et douces est séparée du salon par une porte coulissante. Dans le salon/séjour, les murs habillés d'une teinte neutre, le gris, s’accordent à un ameublement épuré et fonctionnel. Le canapé convertible et très confortable servira aux personnes qui vous accompagnent. La grande cuisine entièrement équipée vous permettra de cuisiner de bons petits plats. Un lave linge est à votre disposition. Prévoir juste votre lessive. Vous aimerez la salle de bain, plutôt grande avec baignoire, bidet, lavabo le tout	Airport RCG. Bus connecting Paris-Opéra with Charles de Gaulle airport: Air-conditioned bus service between Paris(Opéra) and Charles De Gaulles airport(serving all terminals). Travel time: 75mn Where: 11 rue scribe 75009 Paris Dir. RCG: 5h15 to 00h30 Dir. Paris: 6h00 to 00h30 Frequency: 15-20mn Ticket: €11 Save time by purchasing your ticket in advance at all stations and automatic ticket machines. Metro: Line 8 Chemin Vert
18540	Romantic et confortable. Le jolie éclairage du matin, exposé plain sud.  Place de la République à 2 minute à pied. Le centre George Pompidou à 10 minute. Idéal pour votre shopping chez les Gallérie la Fayette. Vous etes dans Le Marais! Profitez des boutiques et des ateliers de mode, du design unique des collection proposées dans les magasin spécialisés. Vivez la nuit aussi! A quelque minute du Canal Saint Martin pour des café-concert, Rue Montorgueil et ses bistro. Idéal et pour une soirée à Opéra Garnier ou pour faire des folies à Pigalle sans aller loin. Paris 3eme - IIIeme Le  marais place de la republique le louvre l'opera la madelaine Place de la République à 2 minute à pied. Le centre George Pompidou à 10 minute. Idéal pour votre shopping chez les Gallérie la Fayette. Vous etes dans Le Marais! Profitez des boutiques et des ateliers de mode, du design unique des collection proposées dans les magasin spécialisés. Vivez la nuit aussi! A quelque minute du Canal Saint Martin pour des 	Shared flat in central Paris for females only.  The sofabed is in the living and super comfy. You will share the flat with me and my cat.  Super sunny, 1 minutes away from the transports and walking distance form the most famous attractions.
18541	27m2, on 2nd floor, in a typical parisian building. It's a very luminous flat with three big windows, in the kitchen and in the bedroom, with a view on a very quiet courtyard.  A nice bathroom with a bath to relax.  You can do everything by foot : two minute walk till the famous Marché des Enfants Rouges, le Carreau du Temple and République, Musée de la Chasse, de Swedish Institute and la rue des Rosiers and galleries in rue Charlot...	27m2, on 2nd floor, in a typical parisian building. It's a very luminous flat with three big windows, in the kitchen and in the bedroom, with a view on a very quiet courtyard.  A nice bathroom with a bath to relax.  You can do everything by foot : two minute walk till the famous Marché des Enfants Rouges, le Carreau du Temple and République, Musée de la Chasse, de Swedish Institute and la rue des Rosiers and galleries in rue Charlot... Very easy to get transportation from the apartment ! M Metro  M8 Filles du Calvaire à 500 m  M3 & 11 Arts-et-Metiers à 500 m  M5 & 9 République à 800 m  M3 &4 Reaumur-Sebastopol à 800 m V Vélib (vélo en libre service)  in front of the City Hall, 100 m 2nd floor without elevator Cleaning : 35€ Conditions d'annulation : Strictes I will be there to welcome you and give you all my advices to fully enjoy the district and more !
18542	Welcome to Paris...if you want to feel the real parisian atmosphere you are in the right place!!!  The flat is very new (renovated on october 2012) and tastefully furnished. You will find a living room with a very confortable sofabed, big TV and american kitcken completely furnished (...you will have the chance to do romantic dinner on the marble table with french cheese and great wine if you'll be to tired to go out...) . The bedroom has a double french bed. There are 2 bathrooms: 1 in the bedroom with shower and 1 toilet in the livingroom. Also, want to do some sport??? you'll find a bike to use in the apartment... The neighbourd is amazing...you will be in the heart of the most chic side of the marais (the famous rue de Bretagne is just around the corner). There's a lot of shops, really parisian style, a lot of brasserie and restourant to do brunch and have great dinner. The canal st. martin is just 10 minutes walking from the apartment if you want to do picnic on the river... You h	Recently renewed apartment in the heart of HAUT MARAIS ( the place to be in paris...) Fully equiped, 2 rooms, 4 stays. You'll find every confort you need, super quiet and cosy. Welcome to Paris...if you want to feel the real parisian atmosphere you are in the right place!!!  The flat is very new (renovated on october 2012) and tastefully furnished. You will find a living room with a very confortable sofabed, big TV and american kitcken completely furnished (...you will have the chance to do romantic dinner on the marble table with french cheese and great wine if you'll be to tired to go out...) . The bedroom has a double french bed. There are 2 bathrooms: 1 in the bedroom with shower and 1 toilet in the livingroom. Also, want to do some sport??? you'll find a bike to use in the apartment... The neighbourd is amazing...you will be in the heart of the most chic side of the marais (the famous rue de Bretagne is just around the corner). There's a lot of shops, really parisian style, a lot 
18543	C'est un studio d'environ 25 m² avec une mezzanine. On peut y loger jusqu'à 3 personnes: 2 personnes sur la mezzanine (un couple) et 1 personne sur le canapé clic clac (qui fait 1m75 de long et 1m de large: pas très grand!)  La kitchenette est équipée d'une plaque double de cuisson, d'un petit réfrigérateur et d'un four à micro onde. Dans la salle de bain qui est petite aussi, vous trouverez, les WC, une douche et une machine à laver le linge.  	Charmant studio avec mezzanine et poutres apparentes. Situé dans le Marais à côté du Marché des Enfants Rouges. Idéal pour une personne seule, un couple ou une petite famille. Remis à neuf, lumineux, il se situe dans une jolie cour calme. C'est un studio d'environ 25 m² avec une mezzanine. On peut y loger jusqu'à 3 personnes: 2 personnes sur la mezzanine (un couple) et 1 personne sur le canapé clic clac (qui fait 1m75 de long et 1m de large: pas très grand!)  La kitchenette est équipée d'une plaque double de cuisson, d'un petit réfrigérateur et d'un four à micro onde. Dans la salle de bain qui est petite aussi, vous trouverez, les WC, une douche et une machine à laver le linge. Internet Je vis dans cet appartement mais mon travail m'amenant à me déplacer souvent , je vous le propose quand je suis absente. Aussi en principe, je ne serais pas présente sur les lieux quand vous y séjournerez mais la gardienne vous accueillera (le plus souvent) pour vous donner les clés et vous indiquer où 
18544	"Very beautiful and illuminated appartment in the heart of Paris. The ""Carré du Temple"". Metro Station : République / Temple  L. 9, 11, 3, 8, 5 Ancient typical Parisan building, without a lift, 5th floor. Fully furnished and equipped with a very confortable sofa bed.  A computer is available for your needs with high speed Wifi.  Linen and towels are provided. Kitchen is fully equiped,  with induction and dual microwave/grill oven/washmachine... Central location that gives you the opportunity to go anywhere walking. Ideal to discover Paris! 5th Floor / 28m²"	"Nicely decorated. Sun bathed upper level . Quiet building but lively neighborhood in the heart of Paris. ""Le Marais"". everything walkable  Very beautiful and illuminated appartment in the heart of Paris. The ""Carré du Temple"". Metro Station : République / Temple  L. 9, 11, 3, 8, 5 Ancient typical Parisan building, without a lift, 5th floor. Fully furnished and equipped with a very confortable sofa bed.  A computer is available for your needs with high speed Wifi.  Linen and towels are provided. Kitchen is fully equiped,  with induction and dual microwave/grill oven/washmachine... Central location that gives you the opportunity to go anywhere walking. Ideal to discover Paris! 5th Floor / 28m² Please note that there is no elevator and no air conditionning in this ancient building."
18545	"Very confortable apartment  and charming, beams and parket floor in an old ""Hotel Particulier "" it is at he 4 rd floor, with lift, very good exposition, much light in the living -room and in the bedroom too. American kitchen well fitted with hot plates, micro wave / oven, refrigerator, toaster, tea kettle, coffee machine... 1 bedroom with cupboards, 1 shower room en suite (with washing machine) Monoprix supermarket at 50m. The Rue de Bretagne area, at 2 minutes walk, abounds with typical french food shops, like bakery, cheese shop, wine shop, fresh vegetables and fruits, delicatessens, groceries, library... There is a nice market in rue de Bretagne too (Enfants Rouges). Many trendy bars, cafés and good restaurants in the neighborhood. Very nice area, close of Beaubourg, Notre-Dame, Place des Vosges, musée Picasso, le Marais. Metro stations : Republique, Temple et Arts et Metiers Concierge , security code of main entrance . Linen is furnished, sheets and towels, internet connection incl"	"Very confortable apartment  and charming, beams and parket floor in an old ""Hotel Particulier "" it is at he 4 rd floor, with lift, very good exposition, much light in the living -room and in the bedroom too. American kitchen well fitted with hot plates, micro wave / oven, refrigerator, toaster, tea kettle, coffee machine... 1 bedroom with cupboards, 1 shower room en suite (with washing machine) Monoprix supermarket at 50m. The Rue de Bretagne area, at 2 minutes walk, abounds with typical french food shops, like bakery, cheese shop, wine shop, fresh vegetables and fruits, delicatessens, groceries, library... There is a nice market in rue de Bretagne too (Enfants Rouges). Many trendy bars, cafés and good restaurants in the neighborhood. Very nice area, close of Beaubourg, Notre-Dame, Place des Vosges, musée Picasso, le Marais. Metro stations : Republique, Temple et Arts et Metiers Concierge , security code of main entrance . Linen is furnished, sheets and towels, internet connection incl"
18546	Bienvenue chez vous !  Cet appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes avec un coin nuit coupé de la pièce de vie. L’appartement offre un coin cuisine, équipé de tout le nécessaire pour préparer vos repas et d'une machine à laver, ouvert sur la pièce de vie.  Le calme et l'emplacement exceptionnel de ce studio font tout son charme et sauront vous ravir pour votre séjour parisien. Réservation à partir de 2 nuits minimum.  ----------  Welcome home ! 2 people maximum in this flat. It is unique by its calm and its localisation, it is perfect to discover Paris. Reservation starting from 2 nights minimum.	Au coeur de Paris, à deux pas du canal Saint Martin et du quartier historique du Marais, vivez au coeur de l'ambiance parisienne. Ce studio saura vous ravir par son charme, sa fonctionnalité et sa situation géographique exceptionnelle Bienvenue chez vous !  Cet appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes avec un coin nuit coupé de la pièce de vie. L’appartement offre un coin cuisine, équipé de tout le nécessaire pour préparer vos repas et d'une machine à laver, ouvert sur la pièce de vie.  Le calme et l'emplacement exceptionnel de ce studio font tout son charme et sauront vous ravir pour votre séjour parisien. Réservation à partir de 2 nuits minimum.  ----------  Welcome home ! 2 people maximum in this flat. It is unique by its calm and its localisation, it is perfect to discover Paris. Reservation starting from 2 nights minimum. Cuisine et salle de bain équipées : four, réfrigérateur/congélateur, douche, toilettes...  WI-FI Public (identifiant et code donnés à votre arrivée) mais légèreme
18547	"This fully refurbished  appartment, is located on the 2nd floor (1st French floor) (email hidden) century building in Marais, a few steps away from the charming Place des Vosges.  Fully equipped, this studio can sleep up to 2 persons. The living room, overlooking the street, is equipped with a very comfortable (and easy-to-handle...) bed which can be adjusted as a queen size bed or two single beds depending on your needs.  It is equipped with antic closet with glass “biseauté”. A splendid “coiffeuse"" found at the flea market can be used as a desk when checking your emails or writing some postcards... or eating.  Cable TV (with CNN International and BBC World among others) is also available in the living room. Free DSL Wi-Fi Internet is available as well as free calls to landlines in the US, UK and several other countries. The flat is not air conditioned but there is an electric fan. The apartment contains a fully equipped open kitchen and a shower room (the shower door is about 23 inch"	"This fully refurbished  appartment, is located on the 2nd floor (1st French floor) (email hidden) century building in Marais, a few steps away from the charming Place des Vosges.  Fully equipped, this studio can sleep up to 2 persons. The living room, overlooking the street, is equipped with a very comfortable (and easy-to-handle...) bed which can be adjusted as a queen size bed or two single beds depending on your needs.  It is equipped with antic closet with glass “biseauté”. A splendid “coiffeuse"" found at the flea market can be used as a desk when checking your emails or writing some postcards... or eating.  Cable TV (with CNN International and BBC World among others) is also available in the living room. Free DSL Wi-Fi Internet is available as well as free calls to landlines in the US, UK and several other countries. The flat is not air conditioned but there is an electric fan. The apartment contains a fully equipped open kitchen and a shower room (the shower door is about 23 inch"
18548	45m2 Parisian apartment in le Haut Marais, next to the famous Musée Picasso. (10min walk to l'ile Saint Louis, la Bastille, or Place de la République, in the real trendy center of Paris) The flat is totally new, has 2 rooms, a fully equiped kitchen, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a video projector in the living room, music speaker and wireless internet access. For the video projector, you'll just have to connect a computer to be able to use it. There is one bedroom with a double queen size bed, its bathroom, a very large living room/dining room, and an american open kitchen fully equipped. The apartment is on the 1st floor	Welcome to my 45m2 2 rooms Parisian apartment in le Marais, next to the famous Musée Picasso, in the center of Paris.  (10min walk to l'ile Saint Louis, la Bastille, or Place de la République) Surrounded by all the best shops and restaurants/bars. 45m2 Parisian apartment in le Haut Marais, next to the famous Musée Picasso. (10min walk to l'ile Saint Louis, la Bastille, or Place de la République, in the real trendy center of Paris) The flat is totally new, has 2 rooms, a fully equiped kitchen, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a video projector in the living room, music speaker and wireless internet access. For the video projector, you'll just have to connect a computer to be able to use it. There is one bedroom with a double queen size bed, its bathroom, a very large living room/dining room, and an american open kitchen fully equipped. The apartment is on the 1st floor You can also have access to a video projector, but you'll have to bring you're computer in order to connect it to the p
18549	ELZÉVIR … a tourist tongue-twister ! Eles-viir, El-ze-var, Elle-si-veer, Excalibur???…eekkk.. the Rue Elzévir is not the easiest street to pronounce on the map! However, this is NOT a reflection of your bad French, as this charming little street in the heart of the Marais is named after a Dutchman, Lodewijk Elzévir of Lyden the founding father of a family of 16th century book makers and printers and is therefore a reflection of your bad Dutch!  Linguistics aside, the Rue Elzévir, where our apartment is situated, has your typical exciting Parisian cultural history attached…home to, at various periods: the nuns of Sainte Catherine des Ecoliers, Madame Sevigne and her daughter, and the great collectors of 18th century art, Ernest Cognac and his wife Marie-Louise Jay. As a newcomer to the district, one is certainly not at a loss for cultural relations.  Logistically, you are about as well located for museum trekking, antiques hunting, shopping or general misadventure as you could possibly 	Our oh so chic and spacious flat will put you overlooking a garden, in the heart of the Marais!  Recently renovated to a very high standard, this tranquil space will surround you with upscale elegance, peace and comfort. 1 bedroom/1 bath sleeps 4 ELZÉVIR … a tourist tongue-twister ! Eles-viir, El-ze-var, Elle-si-veer, Excalibur???…eekkk.. the Rue Elzévir is not the easiest street to pronounce on the map! However, this is NOT a reflection of your bad French, as this charming little street in the heart of the Marais is named after a Dutchman, Lodewijk Elzévir of Lyden the founding father of a family of 16th century book makers and printers and is therefore a reflection of your bad Dutch!  Linguistics aside, the Rue Elzévir, where our apartment is situated, has your typical exciting Parisian cultural history attached…home to, at various periods: the nuns of Sainte Catherine des Ecoliers, Madame Sevigne and her daughter, and the great collectors of 18th century art, Ernest Cognac and his w
18550	The apartment is in a newer building and is very quiet because it overlooks courtyards. It includes a real comfortable bed with pillows and duvets. It includes a kitchen, a bathroom with tub and toilet. The studio is well equipped (TV, Wifi, coffee machine, ceramic hob, oven, dishwasher, hair dryer...)	Cosy and bright apartment very well furnished in modern building standing at the corner of the famous “Rue de Bretagne” and in front of the Square du Temple that are known to be popular for its special trendy Parisian atmosphere with many shops, cafes, restaurants. The apartment is in a newer building and is very quiet because it overlooks courtyards. It includes a real comfortable bed with pillows and duvets. It includes a kitchen, a bathroom with tub and toilet. The studio is well equipped (TV, Wifi, coffee machine, ceramic hob, oven, dishwasher, hair dryer...) The apartment is located in the coolest and central area of Paris, in walking distance of many great spots while being on a quiet street. Indeed, the neighbourhood, Le Marais, has tons of cute cafes, bars, and restaurants. It is very close to the outdoor covered market “Le Marché des Enfants Rouges”, the famous street “Rue de Bretagne” and other hype places accessible through some charming cobbled streets. There's a big Monopr
18551	Nice flat heart of the Marais, located in a central position of the Marais, located at the 1st floor on a quiet street, one big bedroom with double bed, a large and bright living room with a sofa couch , and a dinner room, all equipped kitchen, stove, microwave, coffee machine, laundry corner with washing machine	Nice flat recently renovated heart of the Marais I will be glad to welcome you and give you some clues and recommendation to make your stay in Paris unforgettable!
18552	This is a very luminous flat, where one feels at home.  This is a two bedrooms apartment with double beds with a couch for a fifth person. The street is very nice and friendly, lots of bars and restaurants, the neighborhood is great.	"Beautiful apartment to rent in a  in the very center of Paris in the 11th / 3th arrondissement.  2 minutes walking from ""Place de la République"", 10 from Bastille, 10 from The Marais. This is a very luminous flat, where one feels at home.  This is a two bedrooms apartment with double beds with a couch for a fifth person. The street is very nice and friendly, lots of bars and restaurants, the neighborhood is great. Perfect location. You will enjoy discover the very center of Paris only by walking. Close to : Place de la République, Bastille, Le Marais, Beaubourg, La Gaïté Lyrique, the Opera, the Canal Saint Martin, the Cirque d'Hiver, Oberkampf district, ... Two subways stop : Fille du Calvaire (line 8) and Oberkampf (line 9 and 5).  And a lot of bus.  Velib station (to rent bike) just in front of the apartment. Fully equipped kitchen,  bathroom with bathtub,  Normal-sized double bed  Wi-Fi,  washing-machine,  couch. Beware:  No TV.  No dishwashing machine."
18553		Hello : ) In the Heart of Paris, in one of the most beautiful sections  I offer you to spend a wonderful time in my studio completely renovated. Cheers  Max IMPORTANT NOTE : I LL ASK YOU 40e IN CASH FOR THE CLEANING FEE AT THE CHECK IN , THANK YOU : )
18554	Located in one of the best neighborhood of Paris (Haut Marais) - with museums, art galleries, shopping,  ancient architecture, restaurants and cafes at your doorstep, our stylish penthouse apartment is a veritable “petit bijou” (small jewel). It is on the 6th and top floor with an elevator (up to the 5th, then a short climb to the 6th) of a handsome 19th century building - the apartment has sweeping views over the rooftops of the city and the Pantheon in the distance.   Renovated with an artful blend of modern convenience and old world charm, our light filled, elegant flat boasts private balcony access with breathtaking panoramic views from every room. The open plan kitchen/living room area, luminous and intimate, is perfect for relaxation after a long day of exploring the streets of Paris. The kitchen is outfitted with a marble Tulip table, Jacobsen Series 7 chairs, granite counter top, Siemens induction hob, oven, refrigerator, separate washer, dryer, microwave, coffee maker, toaster	A stylish top floor pied-a-terre located in the heart of trendy Haut Marais district with private terrace offering gorgeous rooftop views - the best of apartment living in one of Paris’ most desirable area.  The ideal home away from home. Located in one of the best neighborhood of Paris (Haut Marais) - with museums, art galleries, shopping,  ancient architecture, restaurants and cafes at your doorstep, our stylish penthouse apartment is a veritable “petit bijou” (small jewel). It is on the 6th and top floor with an elevator (up to the 5th, then a short climb to the 6th) of a handsome 19th century building - the apartment has sweeping views over the rooftops of the city and the Pantheon in the distance.   Renovated with an artful blend of modern convenience and old world charm, our light filled, elegant flat boasts private balcony access with breathtaking panoramic views from every room. The open plan kitchen/living room area, luminous and intimate, is perfect for relaxation after a lon
18555	This is a Non-Smoking Apartment.  This terrific “Garden Apartment” is a very quiet three-bedroom, three-bathroom apartment superbly located on the Right Bank in the heart of Paris' historic Marais District on the famous rue des Archives.  This large apartment offers 360 square meters (3, 600 square feet) of living space. This includes 120 sq meters of living space on the ground floor, 120 sq meters of living space on the lower level and 120 sq meters of space in the enclosed outdoor garden terrace. The South Eastern facing garden terrace is surrounded by flowers and has an awning, a hammock, and a large table and chairs accommodating eight people.  This quiet ground floor apartment is set back from the street. Guests enter the apartment by first crossing an ancient courtyard. The entry door opens directly into the handsome ground floor living room which overlooks the enclosed garden terrace at the back of the apartment. The comfortable living room is luxuriously furnished with two sofa	Our Le Marais Garden Apartment is a very chic and comfortable three-bedroom (three-bathroom) Right Bank apartment superbly located in the 4th (in the heart of the very popular Marais District).  The apartment has a lovely private garden. This is a Non-Smoking Apartment.  This terrific “Garden Apartment” is a very quiet three-bedroom, three-bathroom apartment superbly located on the Right Bank in the heart of Paris' historic Marais District on the famous rue des Archives.  This large apartment offers 360 square meters (3, 600 square feet) of living space. This includes 120 sq meters of living space on the ground floor, 120 sq meters of living space on the lower level and 120 sq meters of space in the enclosed outdoor garden terrace. The South Eastern facing garden terrace is surrounded by flowers and has an awning, a hammock, and a large table and chairs accommodating eight people.  This quiet ground floor apartment is set back from the street. Guests enter the apartment by first crossi
18556		Lovely stylish studio in the Marais, walking distance to... everything you need to see! Redecorated in 2013 in a parisian style, you will adore it, perfect for a couple in love... Cable TV, wifi, unlimited calls, luxury linens, thick towels, toiletries, bottle of wine are all included!
18557	Located in the heart of Paris, in the Marais district, this studio is on the 2nd floor of a renovated building. Overlooking a peaceful and quiet courtyard, it will be your ideal base for your stay in the capital. Modern and practical, it is fully equipped with everything you need: -a comfortable double bed -an Italian shower -a washing machine -a dishwasher -a high speed WI-FI connection -a HD TV Subway: Temple, Arts et Métiers, République, Hotel de Ville Check IN/OUT on weekdays :  -7:00 AM to 9:00 AM -12:00 PM to 1:30 PM -6:00 PM to 9:00 PM Check IN/OUT on weekends :  -8:00 AM to 10:00 PM ********************************************************************** Situé au coeur de Paris dans le quartier du Marais, ce studio se trouve au 2ème étage d'un immeuble refait à neuf. Donnant sur une cour intérieure paisible et calme, il sera un pied à terre idéal pour votre séjour dans la capitale.  Moderne et pratique, il est composé de: - un lit double - une douche italienne - une machine à lav	"Perfectly located in the heart of the Parisian historic and trendy district ""Le Marais"". A spacious apartment with very high ceilings, typical lofty Parisian windows, authentic wooden flooring and a luxury daylight bathroom with rainforest shower! Located in the heart of Paris, in the Marais district, this studio is on the 2nd floor of a renovated building. Overlooking a peaceful and quiet courtyard, it will be your ideal base for your stay in the capital. Modern and practical, it is fully equipped with everything you need: -a comfortable double bed -an Italian shower -a washing machine -a dishwasher -a high speed WI-FI connection -a HD TV Subway: Temple, Arts et Métiers, République, Hotel de Ville Check IN/OUT on weekdays :  -7:00 AM to 9:00 AM -12:00 PM to 1:30 PM -6:00 PM to 9:00 PM Check IN/OUT on weekends :  -8:00 AM to 10:00 PM ********************************************************************** Situé au coeur de Paris dans le quartier du Marais, ce studio se trouve au 2ème éta"
18558	This apartment is located in a quiet street in Montorgueil area. It is a nice pedestrian area with many shops, restaurants and a great nightlife. Many monuments are in a short walking distance : Musée du Louvre, Centre Pompidou, Notre Dame, Opéra ... Great location. A strong internet access at your disposal. Sheets and towels are provided. You will have your own kitchen facilities and bathroom. Vibrant pedestrian area in the heart of Paris. One of Paris' permanent market streets, Rue Montorgueil boasts some of the best meat and fish markets in the city, along with renowned pastry shops like La Maison Stohrer, cozy bistros, boutiques, and bars diverse enough to please hipsters and traditionalists alike. Metro: Etienne Marcel (Line 4) Sentier (Line 3) Réaumur Sebastopol (Lines 3 & 4) RER Châtelet les Halles (Direct from CDG Airport)	This apartment is located in a calm street of Montorgueil area. It is a nice pedestrian area with many shops and restaurants. 2nd floor. Vibrant pedestrian area in the heart of Paris. One of Paris' permanent market streets, Rue Montorgueil boasts some of the best meat and fish markets in the city, along with renowned pastry shops like La Maison Stohrer, cozy bistros, boutiques, and bars diverse enough to please hipsters and traditionalists alike. Metro: Etienne Marcel (Line 4) Sentier (Line 3) Réaumur Sebastopol (Lines 3 & 4) RER Châtelet les Halles (Direct from CDG Airport)
18559	Plein de charme, duplex, calme, piano.	"Duplex de charme dans le Marais à Paris à côté du Conservatoire des Arts & Métiers dans un immeuble ancien. Salon, cuisine, salle à manger/chambre d'enfant, salle d'eau. A l""étage: palier avec espace DVD et chambre.  6 lignes de métro  Plein de charme, duplex, calme, piano. Internet."
18560		Rare truly contempory modern luxury design loft 81M2 in the historic Marais center.1rst floor with elevator ; view on courtyard; very quiet; open us fully equipped italian design kitchen/living room of 50M2, suite 18M2, italian shower bathroom, wc.
18561		This is a lovely 'Cabinet de Curiosite' apartment, in the heart of the Marais, 
18562	Very friendly and bright 45m² apartment. Really central, you can go everywhere by walk.  There are two bedrooms so it can accommodate 4 people. The flat is on the 4th floor.  The neighbourhood is really nice and lively! :) The household linen, pillows, towels, shampoo and shower gel are provided.   Flat facilities: Wifi, Tv with many channels, DVD Player, washing machine, shower and bathtub (you will have the choice), dishwasher, microwave, cooker and big fridge. Around the apartment you will find many restaurants for all tastes, different bars and shops.  There are also more than 8 theatres in the district, some of them are less than 2 blocks away. You will really enjoy living in this area!  The flat is a few minutes walk from the metro stations Strasbourg Saint Denis (line 4) and Grands Boulevards (line 8), it is also not far from the railway stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est.  If you need any other piece of information, please be free to contact us!  See you soon,  Anne Sophie	Very bright and cosy apartment, perfect for couples, families or group of friends, the welcoming and lively area will allow you to discover new restaurants, bars or theatres, a cultural experience you won't regret! :)  Very friendly and bright 45m² apartment. Really central, you can go everywhere by walk.  There are two bedrooms so it can accommodate 4 people. The flat is on the 4th floor.  The neighbourhood is really nice and lively! :) The household linen, pillows, towels, shampoo and shower gel are provided.   Flat facilities: Wifi, Tv with many channels, DVD Player, washing machine, shower and bathtub (you will have the choice), dishwasher, microwave, cooker and big fridge. Around the apartment you will find many restaurants for all tastes, different bars and shops.  There are also more than 8 theatres in the district, some of them are less than 2 blocks away. You will really enjoy living in this area!  The flat is a few minutes walk from the metro stations Strasbourg Saint Denis (
18563	The flat is a 4th floor appartment in a typically Parisian building (early 1900s) with traditional, but quite original architecture. 1 bedroom flat, 33 square meters with bathroom (bath) and high-end kitchenette. The living room (14 sqm) and bedroom (13 sqm) both have old oak wood floors. The bedroom has a chimney and early 1900s mirror. Double glazing guarantees a quiet appartment. Good luminosity. Double bed in bedroom, convertible (2 people) in the living (website hidden) (cable), internet (wifi). Double security (code for outside door and code for inside door in building entrance = ultra secure!) Another thing: this appartment is TRULY what it looks like on the photos. It is not pokey, it is spacious enough. 4 adults might find it a little small (but easily spacious enough for a short stay!). But for 2-3 adults or 2 adults + 2 young children it is the ideal size.  Located in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, in the Haut Marais neighborhood, which while ultra-central has remained ver	The flat is a 4th floor appartment in a typically Parisian building (early 1900s) with traditional, but quite original architecture. 1 bedroom flat, 33 square meters with bathroom (bath) and high-end kitchenette. The living room (14 sqm) and bedroom (13 sqm) both have old oak wood floors. The bedroom has a chimney and early 1900s mirror. Double glazing guarantees a quiet appartment. Good luminosity. Double bed in bedroom, convertible (2 people) in the living (website hidden) (cable), internet (wifi). Double security (code for outside door and code for inside door in building entrance = ultra secure!) Another thing: this appartment is TRULY what it looks like on the photos. It is not pokey, it is spacious enough. 4 adults might find it a little small (but easily spacious enough for a short stay!). But for 2-3 adults or 2 adults + 2 young children it is the ideal size.  Located in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, in the Haut Marais neighborhood, which while ultra-central has remained ver
18564	We will be glad to welcome you in this very charming studio. We just start to rent it by Airbnb and miss some comments from travelers but be sure w'll do our best to get some positive ones ! Long term rent prfered, cleaning and change of towels and sheets every 2 weeks; 17 th century building, charming and cosy flat , just renovated.  real double bed 140 cm large. decorated with Kenzo fabrics, very charming and cosy  Nespresso coffe machine,  high quality equipement.  WIFI. 3 rd floor Private parc for your car available  at 2 blocks for short stay. Historical district of Le Marais,  Safe and quiet  Attractive and trendy, art galleries and fashion designers, many restaurants and bars around ( but quiet street !) Near Picasso Museum, place des Vosges and Modern art center Pompidou Beaubourg,   .  Walking distance to Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame and the river la Seine and Opéra Bastille.  Metro stations : Hotel de ville, Filles du calvaire, Saint sebastien Froissard.  Expecting you !!!  fr	In the historical centre of Paris, trendy neighborhood , charming place for 4 nights or long term stay. One room apt, 19 sqm. fully equiped, wifi, near  touristic spots, Notre Dame cathedral, mueums, long term rent prefered. cleaning included. We will be glad to welcome you in this very charming studio. We just start to rent it by Airbnb and miss some comments from travelers but be sure w'll do our best to get some positive ones ! Long term rent prfered, cleaning and change of towels and sheets every 2 weeks; 17 th century building, charming and cosy flat , just renovated.  real double bed 140 cm large. decorated with Kenzo fabrics, very charming and cosy  Nespresso coffe machine,  high quality equipement.  WIFI. 3 rd floor Private parc for your car available  at 2 blocks for short stay. Historical district of Le Marais,  Safe and quiet  Attractive and trendy, art galleries and fashion designers, many restaurants and bars around ( but quiet street !) Near Picasso Museum, place des Vosg
18565	Recently renovated and refurbished with a modern look and feel, the apartment offers a sunny and peaceful environment, with large french windows overlooking, to one side, the inner courtyard with its green plants, to the other side the charming Parisian street. Its large day area presents an entrance, a spacious living room, with a couch and TV corner, and a dining area with a table for 4 by the open plan kitchen, modern and fully equipped with all necessities including a dishwasher. The sleeping area offers two double bedrooms of which the first has a double bed (140 cm), a large wardrobe and an en-suite bathroom with stall shower, and the second has 2 twin beds (80 cm each, to be joined or separated as preferred) and a wardrobe. The second bathroom is also fitted with a stall shower.	Modern, sunny and recently renovated 50 (website hidden) 2 bedroom apartment, with 2 bathrooms, located on the 1st floor (NO elevator) of a stately building with a green inner courtyard, nestled in the heart of the Marais. Recently renovated and refurbished with a modern look and feel, the apartment offers a sunny and peaceful environment, with large french windows overlooking, to one side, the inner courtyard with its green plants, to the other side the charming Parisian street. Its large day area presents an entrance, a spacious living room, with a couch and TV corner, and a dining area with a table for 4 by the open plan kitchen, modern and fully equipped with all necessities including a dishwasher. The sleeping area offers two double bedrooms of which the first has a double bed (140 cm), a large wardrobe and an en-suite bathroom with stall shower, and the second has 2 twin beds (80 cm each, to be joined or separated as preferred) and a wardrobe. The second bathroom is also fitted w
18566	In the 3rd district of Paris, charming apartment of 30m2 with a view of court yard, furnished, quiet, for 2 persons. The apartment as a double bed and a television. It is also possible to eat, there is a table and chairs. The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, with patches vitro ceramic, with a toaster, with dishes and kitchenware in any kinds. The bathroom includes a shower, a washbasin and toilets. Situated at 2 minutes of the subway Filles du Calvaire (line 8) and at 5 minutes of the subway Republique Lines 3,5,8,9,11, this accommodation is ideally situated thanks to the numerous businesses nearby but also to make quickly on the Parisian places of interest in particular the place of the Republique at 5min. 	In the 3rd district of Paris, charming apartment of 30m2 with a view of court yard, furnished, quiet, for 2 persons. The apartment as a double bed and a television. It is also possible to eat, there is a table and chairs. The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, with patches vitro ceramic, with a toaster, with dishes and kitchenware in any kinds. The bathroom includes a shower, a washbasin and toilets. Situated at 2 minutes of the subway Filles du Calvaire (line 8) and at 5 minutes of the subway Republique Lines 3,5,8,9,11, this accommodation is ideally situated thanks to the numerous businesses nearby but also to make quickly on the Parisian places of interest in particular the place of the Republique at 5min. 
18567	Notre appartement est un deux pièces de 30m2 avec salon, cuisine ouverte, salle de bain et chambre.  Il se situe au premier étage, dans une rue calme et idéalement placée dans Paris. Vous aurez accès à internet, la télé ainsi que le téléphone. Nous laissons également notre imprimante ! Côté couchages, la chambre dispose d'un lit en 160 et le salon est doté d'un canapé convertible (avec sommier) pouvant accueillir deux personnes.  En cuisine, vous trouverez un four micro ondes, une machine nespresso, un grille pain (qui fait même radio !), une bouilloire ainsi qu'une machine à laver / sèche linge. 	Joli appartement meublé avec goût. Vous disposez de tout le nécessaire pour passer un agréable séjour. Situé à 1 minute à pied de la place de la république, à 5 minutes du Marais. Le métro le plus proche ( Temple est à 100m). Notre appartement est un deux pièces de 30m2 avec salon, cuisine ouverte, salle de bain et chambre.  Il se situe au premier étage, dans une rue calme et idéalement placée dans Paris. Vous aurez accès à internet, la télé ainsi que le téléphone. Nous laissons également notre imprimante ! Côté couchages, la chambre dispose d'un lit en 160 et le salon est doté d'un canapé convertible (avec sommier) pouvant accueillir deux personnes.  En cuisine, vous trouverez un four micro ondes, une machine nespresso, un grille pain (qui fait même radio !), une bouilloire ainsi qu'une machine à laver / sèche linge. Nous louons l'appartement en entier. Je serai à votre disposition pendant la durée de votre séjour, pour toute question ou tout conseil sur votre séjour à Paris.  Nous pa
18568	Welcome to my apartment ! This typical parisian apartment of 48 m2 (516.67 sq ft) has been completely and recently refurbished by an architect.  The apartment is located in the center of Paris, between Bastille and The Marais. The area has all you need, from banks to pharmacy, press stands, supermarkets, little shops, outdoor food market, restaurants and cafes, so that you will experience the parisian life ! The great advantage of this apartment is that you can go around easily to the main areas of Paris. It is really close to 3 stations of subway and many bus lines. • Metro Chemin Vert (line 8) : litteraly at the foot of the building • Metro Bastille (line 1) • Metro Richard-Lenoir (line 5) • Different bus lines (20, 29, 65)  The apartment is on the 2nd floor. The entrance of the building is on the famous boulevard Beaumarchais but the apartment is giving on the rue Amelot that is a small and calm street. The apartment is situated in a Haussmann building, with hardwood floors, molding	Welcome to my apartment ! This typical parisian apartment of 48 m2 (516.67 sq ft) has been completely and recently refurbished by an architect.  The apartment is located in the center of Paris, between Bastille and The Marais. The area has all you need, from banks to pharmacy, press stands, supermarkets, little shops, outdoor food market, restaurants and cafes, so that you will experience the parisian life ! The great advantage of this apartment is that you can go around easily to the main areas of Paris. It is really close to 3 stations of subway and many bus lines. • Metro Chemin Vert (line 8) : litteraly at the foot of the building • Metro Bastille (line 1) • Metro Richard-Lenoir (line 5) • Different bus lines (20, 29, 65)  The apartment is on the 2nd floor. The entrance of the building is on the famous boulevard Beaumarchais but the apartment is giving on the rue Amelot that is a small and calm street. The apartment is situated in a Haussmann building, with hardwood floors, molding
18569	The flat is located on the 5th floor of an old but prestigious carved stone building. It is accessible by a first elevator leading to the 2nd floor, and then you can either take the stairs up to the 5th floor or walk up a few stairs to take a second elevator that will lead you to the 5th floor. The apartment is double-oriented, on the living side, it faces the street and on the bedrooms side, it overlooks a quiet small street. This high standing flat offers a great setting thanks to its surface area and the quality of the equipment. It opens onto a beautiful entrance that leads to a corridor. The hall leads to the rooms. The kitchen is equipped with top range facilities including a gas cooking range, an oven, a microwave, a refrigerator-freezer and a dishwasher. The comfortable living room consists of a dining room area and a lounge room with a 160 cm sofa bed and TV. The corridor leads to a closet, a bathroom with shower tub, a washing machine and a dryer, also leads another bathroom 	Fancy to go shopping or take a coffee at La République? Need to be close to Gare de l’Est or Gare du Nord? This is the perfect area! As for this huge apartment, it is an exclusive address ! The flat is located on the 5th floor of an old but prestigious carved stone building. It is accessible by a first elevator leading to the 2nd floor, and then you can either take the stairs up to the 5th floor or walk up a few stairs to take a second elevator that will lead you to the 5th floor. The apartment is double-oriented, on the living side, it faces the street and on the bedrooms side, it overlooks a quiet small street. This high standing flat offers a great setting thanks to its surface area and the quality of the equipment. It opens onto a beautiful entrance that leads to a corridor. The hall leads to the rooms. The kitchen is equipped with top range facilities including a gas cooking range, an oven, a microwave, a refrigerator-freezer and a dishwasher. The comfortable living room consists 
18570		Situé en plein centre de Paris, ce studio entièrement rénové (idéal pour 2 personnes) offre le charme d'un immeuble du XVIII eme siècle, le calme et la proximité (5 mn à pieds) de bars, restaurants et autres boutiques...) WiFi gratuit TV cablée Je vous accueillerai personnellement lors de votre arrivée...  Nous ferons ainsi connaissance et vous pourrez me demander tous les renseignements dont vous avez besoin ( informations pratiques, vie culturelle, sportive, vie nocturne et autres) Le studio est proche (5 mn à pieds) des stations de métro République et Filles du Calvaires (lignes (phone number hidden)) De nombreuses lignes de bus passent également à proximité.
18571		Superb 60sqm boutique apartment entirely refurbished and designed by a renown architect. In the heart of the Marais crossing with the tremendous rue de Bretagne, this unique two-bedroom will offer the best opportunity to enjoy the City in style! Check-in will be at the apartment. Linen & towels are provided by a professional laundry Cie. Great guest oriented service, always here for you ;) Please note that we apply a late check-in fees policy: - 20€ after 20:00 - 40€ after 21:00 - 60€ after 23:00
18572		Je recherche un ou une coloc soigneux/se qui aurait besoin d'un logement d'appoint refait neuf, idéalement pour quelques nuits par semaine et/ou surtout fin de semaine/week end. 
18573	This charming 40 m² studio is located on Rue Pont aux Choux in the lively 3rd district called Marais (located near the marche aux enfants rouge). There is a security code at the entrance of the building. This bright apartment has two double high windows which open into the quiet street. It is equipped with an oven, electric kettle, cable TV, WiFi and airplay stereo. Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: Saint Sébastian - Froissart/ Saint-Paul (metro 8), Saint Paul (ligne 1). This area is known as fashionable and trendy, and new boutiques spring up daily. It is close to many places like the Picasso Museum, Hôtel de Ville, National Archives, Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers, Place de la République. Within 15-20 minutes walking distance to the South you are at the Cathédrale Notre Dame and Saint Michel / Saint Germain on the left bank of the Seine river. This area is the center and the oldest part of Paris and contains many 	Ideally located 40m2 loft on the first floor with separated sleeping niche (french double bed 1.40mx2.00m), high ceilings of 3.8m,  bright large windows and situated on a quiet street.  Just 5min to the Picasso Museum. This charming 40 m² studio is located on Rue Pont aux Choux in the lively 3rd district called Marais (located near the marche aux enfants rouge). There is a security code at the entrance of the building. This bright apartment has two double high windows which open into the quiet street. It is equipped with an oven, electric kettle, cable TV, WiFi and airplay stereo. Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: Saint Sébastian - Froissart/ Saint-Paul (metro 8), Saint Paul (ligne 1). This area is known as fashionable and trendy, and new boutiques spring up daily. It is close to many places like the Picasso Museum, Hôtel de Ville, National Archives, Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers, Place de la République. Within 15-
18574	Rue Charlot, Fully renovated one bedroom one bath appartment located in the heart of the Marais in a typical building of the area. All appliances , Kitchen washer dryer, Internet provided and television in the main room.  Perfect for Couple or single person wishing to experience life in one of the best happening area of Paris. Steps away from restaurants shops and galleries.  I will be happy to provide you with a list of great locations in the area like restaurants and places that you can't miss . 	Rue Charlot, Fully renovated one bedroom one bath appartment located in the heart of the Marais in a typical building of the area. All appliances , Kitchen washer dryer, Internet provided and television in the main room.  Perfect for Couple or single person wishing to experience life in one of the best happening area of Paris. Steps away from restaurants shops and galleries.  I will be happy to provide you with a list of great locations in the area like restaurants and places that you can't miss . 
18575	The apartments is located on the 3rd floor of a high standing carved stone building, directly accessible by the elevator, lined with a large French formal garden planted with yew. This studio is peaceful and light and offers several advantages, the first being the corridors allowing the separation between the different areas of the accommodation and favors your privacy. The entrance leads to the living room and its large bay window. The living space is furnished with 2 twin beds forming a 160 cm double bed, a 140 cm sofa bed and a dining table for 4 place settings. The open-plan kitchen with a bar and stoles opens onto the living and also has a window. It is equipped with a microwave, an oven, a washing machine, a fridge and a cooking range on gas. A corridor leads to the separated WC, as well as to the bathroom that has a shower tub.	To take advantage of the Marais, its cafés and numerous shops, there is nothing better than a peaceful and comfortable accommodation. This studio offers is with its optimal layout and comfortable.  The most: the access to the garden of the residence. The apartments is located on the 3rd floor of a high standing carved stone building, directly accessible by the elevator, lined with a large French formal garden planted with yew. This studio is peaceful and light and offers several advantages, the first being the corridors allowing the separation between the different areas of the accommodation and favors your privacy. The entrance leads to the living room and its large bay window. The living space is furnished with 2 twin beds forming a 160 cm double bed, a 140 cm sofa bed and a dining table for 4 place settings. The open-plan kitchen with a bar and stoles opens onto the living and also has a window. It is equipped with a microwave, an oven, a washing machine, a fridge and a cooking rang
18576	"MARAIS: Fabulous 1-room studio in an 18th century listed building. Located in the heart of historical city center district ""Le Marais"", this 32 sqm / 322 sqf studio on the top floor (French 4th - no elevator) overlooks the Archives Nationales and the lovely Hotel de Clisson. The studio is complete with kitchenette and full daylight bathroom (with separate WC).   The bathroom has been refitted in spring 2014 (a big thanks to all previous guests who made this possible !) and is ideal for a couple (it sleeps two in a real bed).    Utilities and amenities include: - Double-bed, - 1930s writing desk & club chairs, - Fresh bed and bath linen,  - Oven, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, water boiler, Brita water filtering jug, ironing board and iron - A selection of teas from the Palais des Thés, - Fridge and cooking plates, - Kitchen cabinets - Lots of storage and shelf space, - Glasses, incl. wine glasses, plates, cutlery, pots and pans, cups, cereal bowls - Hair-dryer - Raincoats & umbrell"	"My clean, cool and comfy studio flat in the heart of Le Marais area will give you a true insider feeling of living ""à la Parisienne"". It nicely fits two, is centrally located and just blocks away from fabulous shops, cafés, restaurants and museums! MARAIS: Fabulous 1-room studio in an 18th century listed building. Located in the heart of historical city center district ""Le Marais"", this 32 sqm / 322 sqf studio on the top floor (French 4th - no elevator) overlooks the Archives Nationales and the lovely Hotel de Clisson. The studio is complete with kitchenette and full daylight bathroom (with separate WC).   The bathroom has been refitted in spring 2014 (a big thanks to all previous guests who made this possible !) and is ideal for a couple (it sleeps two in a real bed).    Utilities and amenities include: - Double-bed, - 1930s writing desk & club chairs, - Fresh bed and bath linen,  - Oven, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, water boiler, Brita water filtering jug, ironing board and iro"
18577	"22 meters square warm studio with private access in the heart of the city Bathroom and Toilet are inside the appartment and seperate with door. Studio de 22 m2 complétement équipé et avec une salle de bain et des toilettes séparés. LOCALISATION & QUARTIER Localisation parfaite, en plein coeur du Marais, le studio est près de  - Musée Picasso (0,3 km) - Place des Vosges (0,5 km) - Place de la Bastille (1 km) There are bakery, supermarket, restaurants, pharmacy in the street so very close too. TRANSPORT PUBLIC Accès très facile car : une station de métro : ""Republique"" à 0,3 km un station de bus : ""Fille du Calvaire"" (line 20&65&96) à 100mètres une station de vélib (City Bike) à 100 mètres EQUIPEMENTS L'apartement est équipé avec : Pièce principale : Clic clac,  bureau, télévion Cuisine : lave vaisselles, lave linge, frigidaire, micro onde, et tous les ustensiles nécessaires Salle de bain : douche, serviettes,.... DECORATION Le Studio a été complétement refait en 2012 ! BENEFICE Parfait "	"22 meters square warm studio with private access in the heart of the city Bathroom and Toilet are inside the appartment and seperate with door. Studio de 22 m2 complétement équipé et avec une salle de bain et des toilettes séparés. LOCALISATION & QUARTIER Localisation parfaite, en plein coeur du Marais, le studio est près de  - Musée Picasso (0,3 km) - Place des Vosges (0,5 km) - Place de la Bastille (1 km) There are bakery, supermarket, restaurants, pharmacy in the street so very close too. TRANSPORT PUBLIC Accès très facile car : une station de métro : ""Republique"" à 0,3 km un station de bus : ""Fille du Calvaire"" (line 20&65&96) à 100mètres une station de vélib (City Bike) à 100 mètres EQUIPEMENTS L'apartement est équipé avec : Pièce principale : Clic clac,  bureau, télévion Cuisine : lave vaisselles, lave linge, frigidaire, micro onde, et tous les ustensiles nécessaires Salle de bain : douche, serviettes,.... DECORATION Le Studio a été complétement refait en 2012 ! BENEFICE Parfait "
18578	"2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. The ""Passage of the Marais"" is an elegantly furnished one bedroom apartment. Renovated with high-end accoutrements and stylishly decorated in an eclectic design mixing French Country Charm and Modern Atelier Style Design. Featuring original elements from the 17th century, exposed stone wall and ceiling beams, decorative brick fireplace and hardwood floors. Historic Marais-style building from the 17th Century, located in a quiet passageway with galleries and boutiques. The well-appointed, spacious master bedroom features a very comfortable queen size bed for 2 guests. Luxurious sheets and oversized pillows will call to you after a day of exploring the wonders of Paris. 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. The sofa in the main living area is also a comfortable, high quality queen size sofa-bed to welcome two additional guests. Full linens are provided for both "	"Refined & Historic 1 bedroom Apt for up to 4 guests. Modern Design Elements mixed with Classic Parisian features. Located in quiet & historic passageway with shops and greenery. Steps from Centre Pompidou,in the heart of the Marais. 2 Free Cruise Tix 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. The ""Passage of the Marais"" is an elegantly furnished one bedroom apartment. Renovated with high-end accoutrements and stylishly decorated in an eclectic design mixing French Country Charm and Modern Atelier Style Design. Featuring original elements from the 17th century, exposed stone wall and ceiling beams, decorative brick fireplace and hardwood floors. Historic Marais-style building from the 17th Century, located in a quiet passageway with galleries and boutiques. The well-appointed, spacious master bedroom features a very comfortable queen size bed for 2 guests. Luxurious sheets and oversized pillows will call to you after a day of exploring the wonders"
18579	Back in Airbnb !!! Available some time ! Bonjour, Welcome in my apartment in the Heart Of Paris (Centre Georges Pompidou at 5min) THE VERY CENTRAL PARIS: le Marais The historical, cultural and trendy district. This is a large studio on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a quiet and securised building(6 floor) of Beaubourg Area.   Code at the entrance + intercom+ passcard Very confortable( queen size convert bed sofa(slatted base) and a single one bed) calm and luminous (sun from morning til' evening) Full furnished (well equiped kitchen with cooking hardware, bathroom, bed & bath linens, washing machine, etc...) Find just by the corner one the most famous Temple of modern art : Le Centre Georges Pompidou( Art, culture, exhibition, cinéma,museum) You will be charmed by the architectural buildings and romantic Parks; You could have a walk in the typical streets of Le Marais like Rue des Rosiers,  have a drink in nice bars; discover the well knowned French cooking and enjoy shopping!! Every	Back in Airbnb !!! Available some time ! Bonjour, Welcome in my apartment in the Heart Of Paris (Centre Georges Pompidou at 5min) THE VERY CENTRAL PARIS: le Marais The historical, cultural and trendy district. This is a large studio on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a quiet and securised building(6 floor) of Beaubourg Area.   Code at the entrance + intercom+ passcard Very confortable( queen size convert bed sofa(slatted base) and a single one bed) calm and luminous (sun from morning til' evening) Full furnished (well equiped kitchen with cooking hardware, bathroom, bed & bath linens, washing machine, etc...) Find just by the corner one the most famous Temple of modern art : Le Centre Georges Pompidou( Art, culture, exhibition, cinéma,museum) You will be charmed by the architectural buildings and romantic Parks; You could have a walk in the typical streets of Le Marais like Rue des Rosiers,  have a drink in nice bars; discover the well knowned French cooking and enjoy shopping!! Every
18580	Lovely Parisian family apartment on the 4th floor of an 18th century building in a popular street on the edge of the Marais.  The apartment has a large open plan living room/kitchen, one bathroom with separate  bath tub and shower and two bedrooms (one has a large sofa bed).  Double glazing on the side looking over the street and park, the bedrooms look over the Parisian courtyard roofs. Every modern convenience (sic) plus sheets, towels etc. but still no lift/elevator after 10 years of fighting and winning through the French courts!!! Every type of traditional French food store can be found within 200 meters max PLUS cafés, restaurants, chemists, supermarkets, markets (Marché des Enfants Rouges) and a Park. 	2 bedroom apartment 65 Sq M on rue de Bretagne. 4th floor, very light. Marais area. Shopping, restaurants, cafés, markets and CULTURE -Beaubourg, Picasso 5 Metro stops. Cable Internet etc  Minimum Stay 3 Nights to have apart. to yourselves. See below Lovely Parisian family apartment on the 4th floor of an 18th century building in a popular street on the edge of the Marais.  The apartment has a large open plan living room/kitchen, one bathroom with separate  bath tub and shower and two bedrooms (one has a large sofa bed).  Double glazing on the side looking over the street and park, the bedrooms look over the Parisian courtyard roofs. Every modern convenience (sic) plus sheets, towels etc. but still no lift/elevator after 10 years of fighting and winning through the French courts!!! Every type of traditional French food store can be found within 200 meters max PLUS cafés, restaurants, chemists, supermarkets, markets (Marché des Enfants Rouges) and a Park. I keep one cupboard in the seco
18581	Designed recently by a great Italian Architect, based on the 4th floor, the flat  offers a really nice space of 70 square meters bathed in light all day!   The entrance gets you straight to the main room of the apartment  - We love hanging around in that space of 45 square meters, with big windows on each side. You get light in the morning and evening which is really pleasant. There is  an modern open American kitchen with a wooden bar to discuss while you are cooking...The kitchen (pots, cutlery, plates, household robots…) dishwasher, oven, microwave, toasted, kettle and coffee machine. There is a beautiful wooden table to enjoy a nice diner.  On the other side of the room, there is a really comfortable sofa (convertible in a double bed), with a large library (English and French book, mostly art book, cooking and travelling book). You will be able to appreciate our extra large Samsung TV, with over 150 channels.   Bedroom: Facing east,  you will enjoy the light all morning.  Very comf	Superb apartment recently designed by a great Italian Architect, bathed with light all day and right in the center of the Marais (you can't beat the location!). You will enjoy all attractions by walking distance - Picasso Museum, Pompidou Center, Cathedrale “Notre Dame de Paris” , Carreau du temple and the River “La Seine”...  and easy access from the airports. Designed recently by a great Italian Architect, based on the 4th floor, the flat  offers a really nice space of 70 square meters bathed in light all day!   The entrance gets you straight to the main room of the apartment  - We love hanging around in that space of 45 square meters, with big windows on each side. You get light in the morning and evening which is really pleasant. There is  an modern open American kitchen with a wooden bar to discuss while you are cooking...The kitchen (pots, cutlery, plates, household robots…) dishwasher, oven, microwave, toasted, kettle and coffee machine. There is a beautiful wooden table to enjo
18582	Bonjour ! This 55 square meters (592 FT 2) 1bed apartment in Paris is situated in a typical Marais building, so obviously no elevator but at the 1st floor ! Tastefully furnished  (Nogushi table , Eams Table, Bertoia Chairs, Shirin Neshat & William James Thurman masterpieces ) and designed by an interior architect, this authentic Parisian apartment will provide you all the comfort you need for your stay. Located in one of the most enjoyable and liveliest part of the city: Le Marais area. Ideal for fashion and art lovers, for shoppers,  for a romantic trip, or for  young couples with a baby or toddlers , situated perfectly at the crossroads of rue de Bretagne and rue Charlot, close to Les Enfants Rouges, le Cirque d'Hiver and Carreau du Temple. At the entrance you will find a vestiaire closet + an iron,  a vacuum cleaner and separated WC. The Living Room is composed : Bed(s): convertible sofabed, Approx: 30m² ( 322 Sq.Ft.), 2 window(s) with view on Charlot Street, hard wooden floor, sofa	Lovely & cosy flat , fully equipped and fursnished tastefully, designed by an interior architect : ideal for fashion and art lovers, situated perfectly at the crossroads of rue de Bretagne and rue Charlot to enjoy the 3rd district by foot. Bonjour ! This 55 square meters (592 FT 2) 1bed apartment in Paris is situated in a typical Marais building, so obviously no elevator but at the 1st floor ! Tastefully furnished  (Nogushi table , Eams Table, Bertoia Chairs, Shirin Neshat & William James Thurman masterpieces ) and designed by an interior architect, this authentic Parisian apartment will provide you all the comfort you need for your stay. Located in one of the most enjoyable and liveliest part of the city: Le Marais area. Ideal for fashion and art lovers, for shoppers,  for a romantic trip, or for  young couples with a baby or toddlers , situated perfectly at the crossroads of rue de Bretagne and rue Charlot, close to Les Enfants Rouges, le Cirque d'Hiver and Carreau du Temple. At the 
18583		Little studio  Located in the heart of Paris, this calm room entirely renovated
18584	les pieces de l appartement ont été conservees  a l identique avec de tres belles moulures au plafond,	les pieces de l appartement ont été conservees  a l identique avec de tres belles moulures au plafond, television ;wifi, chaine hifi
18585		MODERN FUCTIONAL ESSENTIAL DECORATION ONE BED ROOM LOUNGE WITH PULL OUT SOFA BED. FULLY EQUIPPED KITCHEN
18586	When I see all the flats available in my neighbourhood, it seems AD has totally invested the whole area. All of them more beautiful than the others. All delicately designed and decorated by professionals... Well mine is the real thing. You want to know how young Parisians live? Here you go. We make the best of the limited space we have ! Here are the things you should not expect from a truly Parisian flat and you won't find in mine: elevator, and a bathtub. You'll find out most Parisian live on small mini bar fridges and big regular ones are a waste of space we cannot afford ;) But, you'll see, everything is smartly conceived. On the 3rd floor the flat is flooded with sun light, it gives on a very quiet courtyard, 1 min away from the bustling rue de Bretagne, you would not imagine the area is so alive when you are sitting by the windows. There are 2 double beds. But surprise the couch in the living room can turn into an extra double bed, quite comfortable actually, so you can bunk up u	When I see all the flats available in my neighbourhood, it seems AD has totally invested the whole area. All of them more beautiful than the others. All delicately designed and decorated by professionals... Well mine is the real thing. You want to know how young Parisians live? Here you go. We make the best of the limited space we have ! Here are the things you should not expect from a truly Parisian flat and you won't find in mine: elevator, and a bathtub. You'll find out most Parisian live on small mini bar fridges and big regular ones are a waste of space we cannot afford ;) But, you'll see, everything is smartly conceived. On the 3rd floor the flat is flooded with sun light, it gives on a very quiet courtyard, 1 min away from the bustling rue de Bretagne, you would not imagine the area is so alive when you are sitting by the windows. There are 2 double beds. But surprise the couch in the living room can turn into an extra double bed, quite comfortable actually, so you can bunk up u
18587	Charming two room apartment for rent. Located in a 17th century 'hotel particulier' (a private historical mansion) in the heart of the Marais.  The area is extremely lively and is right in the center of Paris, within a few steps from museums [and other historical points of interest, lake Notre-Dame].  Apartment is on the 2nd floor and has beautiful views overlooking the peaceful cobbled courtyard of the building. The apartment sleeps 2 people comfortably, but could accommodate up to 4 people (using the fold out bed in the living room). The apartment is housed in a heritage protected building and is safely secured with an entrance door accessible via code from the street and a buzzer for the apartment.  The apartment is 40m2 and is newly renovated. It is made up of one bedroom with a double bed (160cm), a living room with a fold out bed and fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, coffee maker, kettle, grill, microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine and 2 large closets). The fold up	Charming two room apartment for rent. Located in a 17th century 'hotel particulier' (a private historical mansion) in the heart of the Marais.  The area is extremely lively and is right in the center of Paris, within a few steps from museums [and other historical points of interest, lake Notre-Dame].  Apartment is on the 2nd floor and has beautiful views overlooking the peaceful cobbled courtyard of the building. The apartment sleeps 2 people comfortably, but could accommodate up to 4 people (using the fold out bed in the living room). The apartment is housed in a heritage protected building and is safely secured with an entrance door accessible via code from the street and a buzzer for the apartment.  The apartment is 40m2 and is newly renovated. It is made up of one bedroom with a double bed (160cm), a living room with a fold out bed and fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, coffee maker, kettle, grill, microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine and 2 large closets). The fold up
18588	The flat is approximately 40 m2 - 430 sq ft.   Living area : the living room is cosy and modern with hardwood flooring, steady and fast wireless internet connection. Bed- and bathroom : one bedroom with clean sheets. The bathroom has a shower, hair dryer. The toilets are separate. Kitchen : separate with all usual appliances, including a dishwasher and a washing machine.	Enjoy the calm and nice place to stay in Paris. The flat is located in the best area in Paris and you will find trendy stores, great brunches, restaurants, cafés. Picasso museum is just 100m down the street and Beaubourg museum less than 10min. The flat is approximately 40 m2 - 430 sq ft.   Living area : the living room is cosy and modern with hardwood flooring, steady and fast wireless internet connection. Bed- and bathroom : one bedroom with clean sheets. The bathroom has a shower, hair dryer. The toilets are separate. Kitchen : separate with all usual appliances, including a dishwasher and a washing machine. Whole flat One of my closest friends will be pleased to welcome you. He will answer any questions or problems you might have and help you with information about the city and the area. The apartment is located in a typical Marais building. It is in the heart of the Marais with its trendy shops,  cafés, bars, and close to the Picasso Museum, the Cirque d'hiver, les Archives Nation
18589	Le logement est simple, charmant, accueillant. Il donne sur cour et est calme. La capacité d'accueil idéale est de deux personnes (un grand lit 140x190). En cas de nécessité, un matelas confortable (80x190) peut être installé parterre pour la nuit dans le séjour	Idéalement situé en plein cœur du Marais, à égale distance des places République et Bastille, à deux pas de la place des Vosges et des Musées Picasso et Carnavalet (musée historique de la ville de Paris). Le logement est simple, charmant, accueillant. Il donne sur cour et est calme. La capacité d'accueil idéale est de deux personnes (un grand lit 140x190). En cas de nécessité, un matelas confortable (80x190) peut être installé parterre pour la nuit dans le séjour Simplicité et Convivialité :) L'appartement est situé dans le quartier historique du Marais, à deux pas de la Place des Vosges, du Musée Picasso et du Musée Carnavalet.  Le Marais est un quartier très plaisant, très animé, avec de nombreuses Galeries d'Art, Restaurants et Bars de tout style Train : Les Gares de Lyon, Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord sont à moins de 30 minutes à pied, et environ 20 minutes en métro. Stations de Métro les plus proches : Lignes 1 (Saint Paul), 8 (Saint Sébastien Froissard). Les Places de la Républiq
18590	"Right in the middle of Paris, this cosy and charming appartment is the perfect place to stay to discover or re-discover this amazing city. Centrally located on a quiet street, it comfortably fits 2 people and is ideal for a couple. It is also like living with arts: walls and shelves are full of instruments books and paintings! Enjoy the flat's unique location, its old fashioned ""french charm"" and its great soul ! Feel at home!"	"Best location in Paris center and hype district! This cosy flat is centrally located in ""Le Marais"", with true city feeling and easy access to major subway lines. For a romantic stay or to discover the best of Paris, you will love it! Right in the middle of Paris, this cosy and charming appartment is the perfect place to stay to discover or re-discover this amazing city. Centrally located on a quiet street, it comfortably fits 2 people and is ideal for a couple. It is also like living with arts: walls and shelves are full of instruments books and paintings! Enjoy the flat's unique location, its old fashioned ""french charm"" and its great soul ! Feel at home! This cosy place has a unique central location in the trendy/hype area: the famous Marais district. You are close to La Bastille, the beautilful Ile Saint Louis, the river walking sides, and the historic ""place des Vosges""! It is close to all trendy shops, cafés, restaurants, galleries and main attractions.  If you want to visit and "
18591	Charming and comfortable two bedroom apartment of 93m2 in the historic site of Place des Vosges, Paris. Located in Le Marais, 4th district, one of the best areas in town. The neighbourhood is full of trendy restaurants, traditional cafés, art galleries and lots of fashion shops. Walking distance to museums and city sights, such the Carnavalet Museum, Jewish History Museum, Centre Pompidou . Both Metro station and bus stops are within 4 minutes walk. The apartment is on a XVII century building, on the third floor. Recently renovated but keeping the original style, with wood floors, molded celings and beautifully decorated. Master bedroom with a super comfortable   bed 160*200 and the second sofa bed with a double bed 160*190 in the living (website hidden). One fully equipped bathroom with  hot shower . We also have a guests toilette. Bed linen and towels are provided. Kitchen with fridge, microwave, stove, dishwasher and washing machine. Kitchen utensils, dinnerware and cutlery availabl	Charming and comfortable two bedroom apartment of 93m2 in the historic site of Place des Vosges, Paris. Located in Le Marais, 4th district, one of the best areas in town. The neighbourhood is full of trendy restaurants, traditional cafés, art galleries and lots of fashion shops. Walking distance to museums and city sights, such the Carnavalet Museum, Jewish History Museum, Centre Pompidou . Both Metro station and bus stops are within 4 minutes walk. The apartment is on a XVII century building, on the third floor. Recently renovated but keeping the original style, with wood floors, molded celings and beautifully decorated. Master bedroom with a super comfortable   bed 160*200 and the second sofa bed with a double bed 160*190 in the living (website hidden). One fully equipped bathroom with  hot shower . We also have a guests toilette. Bed linen and towels are provided. Kitchen with fridge, microwave, stove, dishwasher and washing machine. Kitchen utensils, dinnerware and cutlery availabl
18592	Lovely studio in the heart of the Trendy Marais, in the center of Paris. Walking distance from historical places, museums, galleries, shoppings, restaurants, nightlife.  The studio has be totally renew and decorated with style and all you need to make your stay comfortable. It is full furnished (linen, towels, kitchen, tv...) . It include bathroom. The studio is in a courtyard, so it is a quiet place in a animated area. Very closed from transportation (subway...)	Lovely studio in the heart of the Trendy Marais, in the center of Paris. Walking distance from historical places, museums, galleries, shoppings, restaurants, nightlife.  The studio has be totally renew and decorated with style and all you need to make your stay comfortable. It is full furnished (linen, towels, kitchen, tv...) . It include bathroom. The studio is in a courtyard, so it is a quiet place in a animated area. Very closed from transportation (subway...)
18593	Paris 11em arrondissement/3eme Bastille Opera (rue Amelot),  This apartment is situated on rue Amelot, between the Place de la Bastille and the Marais area . Parallel to Boulevard Beaumarchais well known for the good restaurants and camera shops. Rue Amelot is a long street only a few steps away from Place de la Bastille and Place de la Republique. The known shop “Merci” is 50m away. Also the famous Place des Vosges and the Musee Picasso are only a few minutes walking distance. This apartment is situated in the calm green backyard of a well maintained 17th century building. With its 75 square meters on two levels, this duplex apartment is situated on the third floor accessible via stairs.On the first level, you enter a vast living room with a fully equipped open kitchen. Furnished with elegancy and simplicity, the living room offers plenty of light through its 4 large windows, two comfortable leather sofas, a dinning table with Vitra chairs and minor furnishings. You also have a second	Appartement équipé situé dans une cour privée, arborée, calme et sans voitures, a proximité de nombreux commerces, restaurants, et lieux touristiques. Possibilité de faire beaucoup de choses à pieds. Station de métro St Sebastien Froissart à 2mn.  Paris 11em arrondissement/3eme Bastille Opera (rue Amelot),  This apartment is situated on rue Amelot, between the Place de la Bastille and the Marais area . Parallel to Boulevard Beaumarchais well known for the good restaurants and camera shops. Rue Amelot is a long street only a few steps away from Place de la Bastille and Place de la Republique. The known shop “Merci” is 50m away. Also the famous Place des Vosges and the Musee Picasso are only a few minutes walking distance. This apartment is situated in the calm green backyard of a well maintained 17th century building. With its 75 square meters on two levels, this duplex apartment is situated on the third floor accessible via stairs.On the first level, you enter a vast living room with a
18594		Cet apart est de 45 m2 au coeur de Paris. Il donne sur cour et donc très calme. Au pied du Métro. Et à 100m de la place de la République qui possède 5 lignes de métros !  Bref Vous êtes proche de tout. Profitez un maximum de Paris ! Bonjour à tous, Vous aurez accès à la chambre , au salon bien évidemment, à la salle de bain, toilette, à la cuisine ( plaque à induction, four, micro-ondes, grille pain, etc...)  L'autre porte donnant sur ma chambre restera la mienne. ;) Si je suis présent avec joie ! Nous sommes rive droite de la seine. Pour sortir c'est la meilleure zone de Paris. A deux pas de République et ses 5 lignes de métros. Ideal pour bouger où on veut. Bref on est proche de tout. Métro Temple et République. Pour les fumeurs mettez vous bien à la fenêtre et ne jetez pas vos mégots dans la cour.
18595	Apt with design and artistic decoration, bright and large living room, you can share our modern kitchen fully equipped and bathroom separated with the toilet room.	In the recently renovated building of 18C, modern and secure area co-owned with large elevator, we offer  one little lovely private room (10 m2) in our apt (75 m2). Ideal for 1 person or a couple. Apt with design and artistic decoration, bright and large living room, you can share our modern kitchen fully equipped and bathroom separated with the toilet room. ROOM DETALS 1 Double bed (140 x 190 cm) 2 Chairs + table basse  1 Bedside table Television + DVD player Closet I would easily get in touch by phone or email. In case of difficulty, I'll come to help you or send someone to solve the problem.
18596	"4 Big Rooms, 6 Double Beds, 1 Single Mattress if required, 2 Bathrooms, 2 WC, Kitchen Fully Equipped (see conditions of attribution in the ""Guest Access"" section). 5 minutes from 4 tube stations including ""Republique"". In the real historic part of Paris, on a street packed with clothes shops,typical restaurants and bars,turistic but not noisy,the true atmosphere of Paris !!! New Listing ! "	"**** SPECIAL MAY DISCOUNT 1/2 PRICE **** Large Apartment, fully renovated, 95m2, capable of welcoming up to 13 guests, right in the centre of Paris !!! 4 Big Rooms, 6 Double Beds, 1 Single Mattress if required, 2 Bathrooms, 2 WC, Kitchen Fully Equipped (see conditions of attribution in the ""Guest Access"" section). 5 minutes from 4 tube stations including ""Republique"". In the real historic part of Paris, on a street packed with clothes shops,typical restaurants and bars,turistic but not noisy,the true atmosphere of Paris !!! New Listing ! 2 Guests: Studio (kitchen corner, Double Sofa Bed,Shower room, Toilet) 4 Guests: Big Studio (Fully equipped kitchen, Dining and TV Corner, 1 Double Bed, 1 Double Sofa Bed, Bathroom, Toilet) Up to 11 Guests: 2 Big Additional Rooms                               Room 1: Kitchen Corner, 2 Double Sofa Bed, Dining Corner)                               Room 2: Separate Bedroom with 1 Double Bed. For more than 11 guests, the studio is also being made available"
18597	What I'm renting you is a cosy mezzanin in the apartment I'm living in. It's the closeest one to the bathroom and there is a door that separate the 2 rooms. So we will be sharing the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room (I'm staying in another private room).  If you are interested in a smaller room , check my other posts, it can be possible according to the dates! The breakfast is included, i provide clean sheets and towels. Other good points:  WIFI and calls to landlines in most european, south american and USA locations as well as some other (japan ...). The flat is located in The Marais, the oldest and most charming part of Paris. Situated on rue Volta, the flat is near a lot of cool, arty cafés and restaurants.  Très calme, au rdc sur cour intérieur.  Appartement plein de charme (entre chalet et bateau!)  Au cœur du marais (métro Art et Métier) Profitez de sa grande cuisine équipée  Lave vaisselle et lave linge à disposition  internet en wi-fi, draps et serviettes de toilette 	English speaking guy rents a quiet room for 2 persons.  Excellent for work/studies, with wi-fi.  Here you will have the assurance of staying in a safe, nice, central neighborhood  I really like to cook, and can make you french specialties ! The kitchen is big and fully equipped. What I'm renting you is a cosy mezzanin in the apartment I'm living in. It's the closeest one to the bathroom and there is a door that separate the 2 rooms. So we will be sharing the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room (I'm staying in another private room).  If you are interested in a smaller room , check my other posts, it can be possible according to the dates! The breakfast is included, i provide clean sheets and towels. Other good points:  WIFI and calls to landlines in most european, south american and USA locations as well as some other (japan ...). The flat is located in The Marais, the oldest and most charming part of Paris. Situated on rue Volta, the flat is near a lot of cool, arty cafés and res
18598	Le logement est très agréable et en plein centre, avec plusieurs lignes de bus  et à 3minutes du métro Rambuteau ou Hôtel de Ville et de nombreux magasins et grand magasins , musées au coeur du Paris historique. De plus les chambres donnent sur une cour très calme.	Appartement de 60m2 à 2 pas du centre Pompidou , idéal pour couple avec un enfant ,très lumineux, calme avec 2 chambres une grande cuisine, un salon et grande salle se bain au 6ème étage sans ascenseur et 3 balcons reliés . Le logement est très agréable et en plein centre, avec plusieurs lignes de bus  et à 3minutes du métro Rambuteau ou Hôtel de Ville et de nombreux magasins et grand magasins , musées au coeur du Paris historique. De plus les chambres donnent sur une cour très calme. L'appartement est entièrement libre ainsi que ses 3 balcons mais pas les combles. Située au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. Si nous ne sommes pas présents nous nous arrangerons avec des amis pour l'arrivée des voyageurs. Le quartier est très animé avec le centre Beaubourg, les galeries, magasins... et en même temps des rues en dehors du temps qui sont pleine de charme. Il y a tous les moyens de transport à proximité: 2 métros- Rambuteau ou Hotel de Ville et en marchant 5 minutes de plus Chatelet Les Halles et 
18599	A stylish room in artist's penthouse in central Paris near the Pompidou Center. The apartment has a conservatory giving onto a rooftop terrace with beautiful views over the Paris rooftops to the Eiffel Tower and the Sacre Coeur. Easy walking distance to the river Seine, the Louvre, Pompidou Centre and Notre Dame. And direct train access from the airport. The apartment is accessed by a lift to the sixth floor. You will be staying in a private bedroom near to the front door on a separate floor from the hosts. Your room has a full sized double bed, table, and cupboard space for hanging clothes. Free internet is available. There is also a kettle,  complimentary tea and coffee. This bedroom is next to a modern shower room, to be shared with the hosts. Towels and bath robes are provided and there is a hair dryer and iron should you need them. There is also a washer-drier available at no extra cost. The hosts live upstairs where there is a beautiful living room where we work, as well as the k	We are in the heart of Paris with a great view. Many major sites are within easy walking distance. We are near public transport. The district is lively with many bars and restaurants that are open late. It is very safe and our building is secure. A stylish room in artist's penthouse in central Paris near the Pompidou Center. The apartment has a conservatory giving onto a rooftop terrace with beautiful views over the Paris rooftops to the Eiffel Tower and the Sacre Coeur. Easy walking distance to the river Seine, the Louvre, Pompidou Centre and Notre Dame. And direct train access from the airport. The apartment is accessed by a lift to the sixth floor. You will be staying in a private bedroom near to the front door on a separate floor from the hosts. Your room has a full sized double bed, table, and cupboard space for hanging clothes. Free internet is available. There is also a kettle,  complimentary tea and coffee. This bedroom is next to a modern shower room, to be shared with the hos
