20700	Situé au premier étage sur cour, joli appartement composé de: - Un salon avec cuisine américaine équipée (machine Nespresso, bouilloire électrique, micro-onde, four, plaques électriques, grille pain, presse-oranges...) - Une petite chambre avec lit 160*200cm - Une salle de bains avec douche et lavabo, Connexion internet wifi et télévision	Au plaisir de vous accueillir dans mon charmant petit appartement, situé au coeur du quartier-village de Jourdain ! Au calme sur une petite cour, vous serez à deux pas de tous les cafés, restaurants, commerces et du beau parc des Buttes-Chaumont. Situé au premier étage sur cour, joli appartement composé de: - Un salon avec cuisine américaine équipée (machine Nespresso, bouilloire électrique, micro-onde, four, plaques électriques, grille pain, presse-oranges...) - Une petite chambre avec lit 160*200cm - Une salle de bains avec douche et lavabo, Connexion internet wifi et télévision Draps et serviettes fournis. Le petit-déjeuner n'est pas inclus mais vous pourrez utiliser les produits de base de la cuisine et préparer vos repas (café, thé, confiture, huile, sel/poivre....). Je vous accueillerai pour vous faire visiter l'appartement et vous donner les bonnes adresses du quartier ; ) Envie de séjourner dans un vrai quartier parisien avec de vrais parisiens ? L'Est de Paris (10è, 11è, 19è e
20701	modern flat with all  commodities	The room is comfortable with a private shower room and a well equipped kitchen to share / quiet and clear  90 sqm flat at the 6th floor w lift at  10 min from metro - line 3 Gambetta or P. de Bagnolet / 5 min from tramway line 3B-  interesting aera modern flat with all  commodities kitchen - living room - authentic area with nice markets at Gambetta on saturdays - some good restaurants typical or french -italian cuisine / shops at 5 minutes metro line 3 ( stop : Gambetta or P de Bagnolet ) - line   : Saint-fargeau (the nearest ) - tramway : b3  bus stop at Porte de Bagnolet
20702	Une maison en plein Paris? mais oui !  Cachée entre trois immeubles, notre maison est unique! Souplex, pierres apparentes, deux salles de bains, vous vous sentirez ici comme à la campagne. 	Ma maman et moi vous réservons une chambre avec salle de bains au sein de notre charmante maison de ville.  Située à deux pas de la rue Oberkampf, mais loin de toute agitation, vous vous sentirez ici chez vous ! A proximité de nombreux commerces, à deux minutes de la station Ménilmontant (ligne 2), cinq minutes de la ligne 3 (stations Pere-Lachaise / Saint Maur ou Parmentier).  Bus 96 au bout de la rue ! Une maison en plein Paris? mais oui !  Cachée entre trois immeubles, notre maison est unique! Souplex, pierres apparentes, deux salles de bains, vous vous sentirez ici comme à la campagne. Vous aurez accès à une chambre en souplex avec salle de bains (douche), et toilettes séparées. Mais également à la cuisine et au salon bien évidemment :) Ma maman et moi serons présentes pour vous accueillir, pour vous indiquer toutes nos bonnes adresses et conseils. Nous serons surement présentes durant votre séjour mais saurons nous faire discrètes puisque rarement à la maison en journée. Maison si
20703		Idéal pour un couple. 40 m² plein de charme, refaits à neuf et tout équipés entre Belleville et Jourdain, un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris. Marché, Bars, restos à prox mais aussi Parc des Buttes Chaumont et Place de la Rép à quelques pas
20704	"The spirit ""countryside in Paris"" ! This beautiful 2 rooms well placed is located rue de Belleville in a beautiful courtyard with trees and flowers in heart of district ""Jourdain village"", trendy corner blooming with workshops and artists' galleries, bars, restaurants, and quality shops. It has a large living room of 25sqm and a beautiful room of 16sqm including a very comfortable bed of 160cm and a fully equipped kitchen. The steeple of the church of Jourdain that can be seen from the window will probably play to you its soft chime ! At the heart of the lively district of the Jourdain, you are 5 minutes walk from the Buttes Chaumont Park, the most beautiful garden in Paris. The nightlife is also close, as 15min to Oberkampf street, Le Marais and Bastille !"	"Nice 2 rooms apartment (50sqm) overlooking a courtyard with trees, style of ""London mews"", a haven of peace in Paris. Ideally located 20meters from the Metro Jourdain, you are 5 minutes from Republique square and 15 minutes from Le Marais / Châtelet. The spirit ""countryside in Paris"" ! This beautiful 2 rooms well placed is located rue de Belleville in a beautiful courtyard with trees and flowers in heart of district ""Jourdain village"", trendy corner blooming with workshops and artists' galleries, bars, restaurants, and quality shops. It has a large living room of 25sqm and a beautiful room of 16sqm including a very comfortable bed of 160cm and a fully equipped kitchen. The steeple of the church of Jourdain that can be seen from the window will probably play to you its soft chime ! At the heart of the lively district of the Jourdain, you are 5 minutes walk from the Buttes Chaumont Park, the most beautiful garden in Paris. The nightlife is also close, as 15min to Oberkampf street, Le Mar"
20705	The flat is cosy, confortable, quiet during the night. You have whatever you need around the place (bakery, supermarket, bars, restaurants, etc.).    You will sleep in the sofa, which is confortable. Note that this is in a small flat and that the living room is open to the kitchen so you won't have so much privacy. As I wake up early, I prefer people who has the same schedules than mine.  More, my place is more for people who wakes up early during the week : I have a school in the neighborhood, kids scream during their break. After 10am you can't really sleep with them.	I rent my sofa in my living room for you if you like. This is confortable in a great and popular neighborhood. This announce is more for people who comes to Paris for two or three nights for work or a training The flat is cosy, confortable, quiet during the night. You have whatever you need around the place (bakery, supermarket, bars, restaurants, etc.).    You will sleep in the sofa, which is confortable. Note that this is in a small flat and that the living room is open to the kitchen so you won't have so much privacy. As I wake up early, I prefer people who has the same schedules than mine.  More, my place is more for people who wakes up early during the week : I have a school in the neighborhood, kids scream during their break. After 10am you can't really sleep with them. Kitchen, Living room, bathroom I like to share a diner with you and to talk. I like having people in my place :)
20706	Located in the lively and popular neighbourhood of Belleville, this 57 m2 - 2 bedroom apartment features hardwood floors, and large windows opening on a private courtyard.  The apartment is right by Belleville Metro station (line 11 & 2), only 8 minute ride away from the Châtelet-Les-Halles station (near Centre Pompidou Quartier du Marais, Notre-Dame de Paris). Amenities include: - 1 kitchen with sink, 4 burner gas stove, large electric oven, microwave, fridge, pots and pans, cooking supplies, washing-machine - 1 bathroom with bathtub, shower, toilet - 1 large dining table, seats 7 - 1 double-bed (140 x 190cm) and possibly 1 other double-bed (140 x 200cm) and 1 sofa bed in the living room  - 1 free high-speed Internet connection price per night: 70 euros 455 per week  : for more -  to be negotiated	Located in the lively and popular neighbourhood of Belleville, this 57 m2 - 2 bedroom apartment features hardwood floors, and large windows opening on a private courtyard.  The apartment is right by Belleville Metro station (line 11 & 2), only 8 minute ride away from the Châtelet-Les-Halles station (near Centre Pompidou Quartier du Marais, Notre-Dame de Paris). Amenities include: - 1 kitchen with sink, 4 burner gas stove, large electric oven, microwave, fridge, pots and pans, cooking supplies, washing-machine - 1 bathroom with bathtub, shower, toilet - 1 large dining table, seats 7 - 1 double-bed (140 x 190cm) and possibly 1 other double-bed (140 x 200cm) and 1 sofa bed in the living room  - 1 free high-speed Internet connection price per night: 70 euros 455 per week  : for more -  to be negotiated
20707	It is a bright and comfortable apartment with beautiful woof floor and equipped kitchen. The studio is about 25 square meters, features a double bed, a little bathroom and a convenient kitchen. Wi-Fi, linen and towels are also provided.	Bright and comfortable apartment with beautiful woof floor and equipped kitchen, near Belleville metro. The street is lively. You will be at 10 minutes by walk from Buttes-Chaumont garden and République. The perfect location for your stay :) It is a bright and comfortable apartment with beautiful woof floor and equipped kitchen. The studio is about 25 square meters, features a double bed, a little bathroom and a convenient kitchen. Wi-Fi, linen and towels are also provided. My guests can access the entire apartment. I remain available for my guests as soon as they need information and/or help via sms, mail, whatsapp, viber, facebook... during the entire guests' stay In the hearth of Belleville, a very lively neighborhood and typically Parisian with many affordable and delicious restaurants (Europeans, Asiatic, Africans...) with many cute shops around the corner to get atypical souvenirs from Paris. Metro Belleville (Lines 2 et 11) Metro Pyrénées (Line 11) Lovely studio at 5 minutes fro
20708	The apartment has large glass roof which gives natural light. 12m2 terrace or the sun is present all day. The apartment sleeps 4 people and has a fitted kitchen, a washing machine.	Sublime 33m2 renovated apartment of 12m2 + terrace. Large window , super well-lit . Close to the Buttes Chaumont . The apartment has large glass roof which gives natural light. 12m2 terrace or the sun is present all day. The apartment sleeps 4 people and has a fitted kitchen, a washing machine. Access to all parts of the apartment. I remain at your disposal for any questions during your stay and before. Subway 11 (Jourdain)
20709	Lave vaisselle, lave linge , plaque vitro céramique, four, micro ondes, hotte, ventilation (Sdb), vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine, fer à repasser...	Agréable appartement  lumineux  45m2 refait à neuf. Cuisine Américaine toute équipée, Grande chambre avec lit 2 places. Grand canapé lit dans le salon. Proche tous commerces et Métro Télégraphe L11 á 80 m. 15min centre ville , proche Ménilmontant. Lave vaisselle, lave linge , plaque vitro céramique, four, micro ondes, hotte, ventilation (Sdb), vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine, fer à repasser... À pied: Proche ts commerces, marché place des fêtes à 2 min, proche quartier Jourdain, Ménilmontant et Belleville.  Bus 60 et noctambus (moins de 50m) : 5 min Buttes Chaumont et Gambetta, 15 min Canal Saint Martin  Métro ligne 11 ( moins de 100m) :  5 min République, 10min Pigalle et Montmartre, 15 min centre ville, 20 min Champs Elysées, 30 min Tour Eiffel. Tram T3b à 5 min à pied (Porte des Lilas) Mail ou téléphone Agréable proche jourdain, Ménilmontant (bar) Métro, Bus, Tramway, Vélib à proximité L'appartement doit être rendu dans l'état ou il a été trouvé .  Pas de shampoing ni savon .  Pe
20710		One bedroom ideally situated in a lively area of Paris and well connected to main touristic attractions. Confortable double bed plus a sofa bed for one. Nice and well equipped cuisine to cook typical french products found in closeby market.
20711	Large apartment with sunny balcony overlooking the garden and pedestrian street. Living room of 18m2, fitted kitchen - kettle, washing machine. Closed room with 160cm bed with wardrobe and shower room.	Spacious, bright and quiet Flat with balcony. We offer a double room with private bathroom. This apartment is very well served, close to shops and subway. Large apartment with sunny balcony overlooking the garden and pedestrian street. Living room of 18m2, fitted kitchen - kettle, washing machine. Closed room with 160cm bed with wardrobe and shower room. We are available to passengers with any questions regarding their stay. It will be possible to request half board, breakfast lunch and / or dinner. Public garden in front of the building, 2min Pere Lachaise near Vincennes wood and floral park. There is market place de la réunion, on Thursday and Sunday, boulevard de Charonne and Cours de Vincennes on Wednesday and Saturday. Headquarters of place de la Réunion between Gambetta, Nation and Père Lachaise. Close to the Porte de Montreuil, T3 and ring road. Buzenval metro line 9, and Avron line 2 - 3min walk - Nation line 9, 1, 6, 2 and RER A - 10 min walk -. Bus 57 (Gare de Lyon and Auster
20712	Chez moi, un petit côté campagne en plein Paris. L'appartement est silencieux, la cour est agréable et végétale, l'été on entend évidement le voisinage , cela reste convivial et intime. La petite rue peu passante débouche à la fois sur la rue de Bagnolet très commerçante et vivante et le quartier des Vignoles petites impasses et ruelles, restos , ballades.	Une belle pièce spacieuse, grande hauteur sous plafond , cuisine ouverte et une chambre  avec salle de bains, . Le charme d'un lieu  type atelier d'artiste bohéme ,très calme donnant sur une petite cour fleurie. Au pied du Père Lachaise. Chez moi, un petit côté campagne en plein Paris. L'appartement est silencieux, la cour est agréable et végétale, l'été on entend évidement le voisinage , cela reste convivial et intime. La petite rue peu passante débouche à la fois sur la rue de Bagnolet très commerçante et vivante et le quartier des Vignoles petites impasses et ruelles, restos , ballades. La partie disponible est tout le bas de l'atelier, la pièce principale, avec cuisine , une chambre et une salle de bains. Toilettes séparés. La mezzanine reste partie privée.  Bien que je ne sois pas présente . Je reste disponible et joignable au téléphone, une personne peut venir en cas de besoin urgent. Le quartier est à la fois populaire, varié très vivant sur sa partie Bagnolet et BD de  Charonne
20713	"This is the room number 1 of 3 rooms in an big house with garden inside Paris.  If it's not available you can see the others rooms number 2 (96190) or 3 (96208). https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/96190 https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/96208 Your cute bedroom:  single bed with linen, coat hanger, closet, shutters can be closed from the inside The house:  Built in 1920 in the heart of a charming area called ""La campagne à Paris"" is surrounded by a lovely garden. 180 m2, 3 floors, 4 bedrooms (including yours) + kitchen + bathroom + Shared dining room/living room  + 2 separate toilets + a great dining table (Saarinen) with 6 chairs, a low table. You will share the main bathroom with two other guests (I have mine in my own room). You can enjoy the large living room day and night, in winter you'll be cosy sitting by the fireplace.  The garden, very green in summer, is a very pleasant spot to sunbathe,  take a nap or cook on the charcoal barbecue. Of course, the Kitchen is fully equipped : gas stove, la"	"A cute room in a typical Parisian House with lovely garden in Paris.  This is the room number 1 of 3 rooms in an big house with garden inside Paris.  If it's not available you can see the others rooms number 2 (96190) or 3 (96208). https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/96190 https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/96208 Your cute bedroom:  single bed with linen, coat hanger, closet, shutters can be closed from the inside The house:  Built in 1920 in the heart of a charming area called ""La campagne à Paris"" is surrounded by a lovely garden. 180 m2, 3 floors, 4 bedrooms (including yours) + kitchen + bathroom + Shared dining room/living room  + 2 separate toilets + a great dining table (Saarinen) with 6 chairs, a low table. You will share the main bathroom with two other guests (I have mine in my own room). You can enjoy the large living room day and night, in winter you'll be cosy sitting by the fireplace.  The garden, very green in summer, is a very pleasant spot to sunbathe,  take a nap or cook on the charc"
20714	I think it's the owner and the travelers who make it a unique place to stay. It's really well located and there's everything you need around.	Cosy room in a flat in the 20th arrondissement for two. 13mn from the heart of Paris (châtelet) with all the accommodation. All you need to enjoy the town during your stay I think it's the owner and the travelers who make it a unique place to stay. It's really well located and there's everything you need around. Everything (bathroom, living room, kitchen...) except my room maybe ;) It depends whether I'm at home or not but I'm always keen to help to make them enjoy their stay in Paris. My favorite place is definitely avenue Gambetta. When you walk down the Avenue, there are so many restaurants or bars to grab something to eat. It's full of life, joy and surprises - Bus : Lines 61, 96 and N12 stop Porte des Lilas - Subway : Lines 3bis and 11, stop Porte des Lilas - Tramway : stop Porte des Lilas - Taxi : there's also a cab rank in front of the building
20715	Very cosy and sunny one bedroom apartment in the Avron - Nation Area, at the 3rd floor of an old charming building . windows are facing a quiet street and also parisian roofs. near metro L1,2,6 et 9 and RER A. lots of facilities (post office, bank) grocerie shops and boulangeries around. some nice local bistros   In the flat : Nice living room with old wooden floor. One separated bedroom with big mirror closets, one spearated toilet. the kitchen is open and is well equipped (dish-washer, micro-wave, everything for tea and coffee...). there is also a dishwasher-dryer, a flat screen TV, DVD player and free WIFI. I have been leaving here for 10 years and I can tell you the neighbourhood is quiet and typical parisian. Very easy to everywhere by metro, velib and bus. Bastille is 15-20 min walk from here. Pere-Lachaise is 3 metro stops away. Direct line to the champs Elysées. I am a good guide too and If you decide to stay at my place, I would be happy to help you find the best spots and adv	Very cosy and sunny one bedroom apartment in the Avron - Nation Area, at the 3rd floor of an old charming building . windows are facing a quiet street and also parisian roofs. near metro L1,2,6 et 9 and RER A. lots of facilities (post office, bank) grocerie shops and boulangeries around. some nice local bistros   In the flat : Nice living room with old wooden floor. One separated bedroom with big mirror closets, one spearated toilet. the kitchen is open and is well equipped (dish-washer, micro-wave, everything for tea and coffee...). there is also a dishwasher-dryer, a flat screen TV, DVD player and free WIFI. I have been leaving here for 10 years and I can tell you the neighbourhood is quiet and typical parisian. Very easy to everywhere by metro, velib and bus. Bastille is 15-20 min walk from here. Pere-Lachaise is 3 metro stops away. Direct line to the champs Elysées. I am a good guide too and If you decide to stay at my place, I would be happy to help you find the best spots and adv
20716	The bedroom 10 m², with a small private bathroom is situated in a 3 bedroom flat. The space shared with us is the entrance, living room with open kitchen 28 m²  and a buandrie for the washing machine. 	It's a nice room 10 m² in a 3 bedrooms flat. The area is great not far away from père la chaise and belleville. All facilities around and metro line 2,3, 9 (direct to Eiffel tower and champs élysées),  . Bus n° 76 go to the center louvre bastille,etc The bedroom 10 m², with a small private bathroom is situated in a 3 bedroom flat. The space shared with us is the entrance, living room with open kitchen 28 m²  and a buandrie for the washing machine. To the kitchen, living room, private bathroom and all services included (washing machine, etc.) we like to have guests and exchange experiences and adresses. Great neighbourhood ( see publication of Le point it describes the quarter and its artistic, bohemic, bars and cafés etc. ). It's also located not far away from Père lachaise cimetery.  Bus 76 - destination: bastille, louvre, saint paul, hôtel de ville etc. Bus 26- Parc Buttes Chaument, Jaurès, canal de l'ourcq. Bus 64- Bibliothèque, Parc Bercy. Metro line 9: Champs elysées and Eiffel To
20717	Vous souhaitez passez une nuit ou plus à Paris, je vous propose un appartement avec une chambre équipée d'un lit double et d'une salle de bain mais également d'un canapé convertible pour les amis ou les groupes. Vous aurez accès à la cuisine totalement équipée pour préparer vos petits-déjeuner ou vos repas.  L'appartement se trouve au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Le logement est équipé de la WIFI et des places de stationnement payantes sont possibles sur la voie publique. Charming appartment : double bed in the bedroom with bathroom (washing machine) and sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is equipped with  microwave, stove, dishwasher, fidge, coffee machine... The appartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator. Proche de Nation et à quelques pas des stations métro, bus, vélib et autolib. Vous trouverez également à proximité commerces, banques, restaurants... Next place de la Nation and at walkable distance from subway,bus, bike (velib) and electric car (autolib station). You 	Vous souhaitez passez une nuit ou plus à Paris, cet appartement à quelques pas de Nation est pour vous. Vous souhaitez passez une nuit ou plus à Paris, je vous propose un appartement avec une chambre équipée d'un lit double et d'une salle de bain mais également d'un canapé convertible pour les amis ou les groupes. Vous aurez accès à la cuisine totalement équipée pour préparer vos petits-déjeuner ou vos repas.  L'appartement se trouve au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Le logement est équipé de la WIFI et des places de stationnement payantes sont possibles sur la voie publique. Charming appartment : double bed in the bedroom with bathroom (washing machine) and sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is equipped with  microwave, stove, dishwasher, fidge, coffee machine... The appartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator. Proche de Nation et à quelques pas des stations métro, bus, vélib et autolib. Vous trouverez également à proximité commerces, banques, restaurants... Next place de l
20718	"The flat is in a 3 floors bricks building (2nd floor), located in one of the rare ""Country style"" streets of Paris: no cars, old pavement, silence, birds and trees, long balcony with flowers and a beautiful overview on gardens and other houses (check the pictures!). The neighborhood is really nice (Place Gambetta's area), safe and very calm and at the highest point of Paris (128m above sea), it's approx. 4 C° fresher in summer than in the center of the city! The space is ideally for 2 person: 2 rooms, 32m2 (but you a have option for 2 persons more, on a convertible sofa, if you have friends visiting). Cosy, luminous, all equipped and very clean, high speed internet cable and/or wifi, small bathroom with shower, parquet and chimney, kitchenette with oven, fridge, washing machine, even a dishwasher, sofa, table, and some space for your stuff in the bedroom wardrobe and library, as well as an office to work."	"CHARMING FLAT in 1 of the rare ""COUNTRY STYLE"" STREETS of PARIS (no cars, only birds & trees!), 32m2 (1 big bed in bedroom+convertible sofa in the living room). Many facilities. Cosy, luminous, all equipped and very clean, wifi, 11mn from the center! The flat is in a 3 floors bricks building (2nd floor), located in one of the rare ""Country style"" streets of Paris: no cars, old pavement, silence, birds and trees, long balcony with flowers and a beautiful overview on gardens and other houses (check the pictures!). The neighborhood is really nice (Place Gambetta's area), safe and very calm and at the highest point of Paris (128m above sea), it's approx. 4 C° fresher in summer than in the center of the city! The space is ideally for 2 person: 2 rooms, 32m2 (but you a have option for 2 persons more, on a convertible sofa, if you have friends visiting). Cosy, luminous, all equipped and very clean, high speed internet cable and/or wifi, small bathroom with shower, parquet and chimney, kitchen"
20719	This cozy apartment of 45m² located on the 5th floor of a secured building and 5min walk away from the Porte de Bagnolet (line 3) and Pelleport (line 3bis) stations, is ideal for your stay in Paris as a couple and/or children and baby (all equipment you need). The apartment offers a livingroom including: - A dining area with a table and 4 chairs. - Seating area with a convertible sofa (double bed), armchair, coffee table, TV (with TNT and cable), Blue-Ray and DVD player and stereo. You will also have access to an equipied kitchen: refrigerator, freezer, ceramic hob, microwave, oven, kettle, food processor, dishes, utensils, etc. The room is converted into a children's room: baby bed and a convertible sofa (simple bed). The apartment also has a high chair, a babycook and a changing table in order to travel calmly with your toddler. The bathroom consists of a sink, a tub / shower, a toilet and a hairdryer. All household linens (sheets, towels and dish clothes) is provided. Wifi is availa	This cozy apartment of 45m² located on the 5th floor of a secured building and 5min walk away from the Porte de Bagnolet and Pelleport stations, is ideal for your stay in Paris as a couple and/or children and baby (all equipment you need). This cozy apartment of 45m² located on the 5th floor of a secured building and 5min walk away from the Porte de Bagnolet (line 3) and Pelleport (line 3bis) stations, is ideal for your stay in Paris as a couple and/or children and baby (all equipment you need). The apartment offers a livingroom including: - A dining area with a table and 4 chairs. - Seating area with a convertible sofa (double bed), armchair, coffee table, TV (with TNT and cable), Blue-Ray and DVD player and stereo. You will also have access to an equipied kitchen: refrigerator, freezer, ceramic hob, microwave, oven, kettle, food processor, dishes, utensils, etc. The room is converted into a children's room: baby bed and a convertible sofa (simple bed). The apartment also has a high c
20720	A l'occasion d'un déplacement, je mets mon appartement à disposition à tous ceux qui souhaitent séjourner et découvrir notre magnifique capitale française.  Il s'agit d'un appartement 2 pièces de 45m2, typiquement parisien (parquet, moulures au plafond, une cheminée décorative dans la chambre et une autre dans le séjour).  Calme, cosy et confortable, il est idéal pour accueillir 2 voyageurs, voire 3. Il est composé d'un séjour, une cuisine américaine, une grande chambre avec lit double, une salle de bain baignoire, des toilettes séparées. Vous pourrez bénéficier d'internet (wifi/ethernet), TV écran plat, cuisine entièrement équipée avec four et micro-ondes, cafetière Nespresso, grille-pain, frigo.	- 45m2 situé dans un des quartiers les plus convivial de Paris. Nombreux commerces. - Parfaitement desservi par les transports en communs (métro ligne 3) - Calme, cosy et tout équipé, vous serez dans des conditions idéales pour découvrir Paris. A l'occasion d'un déplacement, je mets mon appartement à disposition à tous ceux qui souhaitent séjourner et découvrir notre magnifique capitale française.  Il s'agit d'un appartement 2 pièces de 45m2, typiquement parisien (parquet, moulures au plafond, une cheminée décorative dans la chambre et une autre dans le séjour).  Calme, cosy et confortable, il est idéal pour accueillir 2 voyageurs, voire 3. Il est composé d'un séjour, une cuisine américaine, une grande chambre avec lit double, une salle de bain baignoire, des toilettes séparées. Vous pourrez bénéficier d'internet (wifi/ethernet), TV écran plat, cuisine entièrement équipée avec four et micro-ondes, cafetière Nespresso, grille-pain, frigo. L'appartement est parfaitement desservi par les 
20721	The studio is situated in the very lively neighboorhood of Ménilmontant, down the hill of Belleville in the Eastern part of Paris. The studio is  composed of a room, a kitchen and a bathroom with shower. Parc de Belleville and Parc des Buttes Chaumont are nearby, as well as 2 metro stations (Ménilmontant on line 2 and Rue Saint Maur on line 3). The metro will take you to every place you want to visit. Ménilmontant is a very nice neighboorhood, one of the last of Paris where you can still feel a kind of village atmosphere. There are a lot of shops bars cafes and restaurants.	Lovely studio in Menilmontant neighborhood The studio is situated in the very lively neighboorhood of Ménilmontant, down the hill of Belleville in the Eastern part of Paris. The studio is  composed of a room, a kitchen and a bathroom with shower. Parc de Belleville and Parc des Buttes Chaumont are nearby, as well as 2 metro stations (Ménilmontant on line 2 and Rue Saint Maur on line 3). The metro will take you to every place you want to visit. Ménilmontant is a very nice neighboorhood, one of the last of Paris where you can still feel a kind of village atmosphere. There are a lot of shops bars cafes and restaurants.
20722	2 pièces lumineux à 8 min à pied de la place de la Nation. Le quartier est calme, l'appartement donne sur une rue à sens unique donc peu bruyante. La chambre a des fenêtres doubles vitrages. Le grand salon : - grand canapé d'angle, qui peut se tranformer en lit d'appoint - TV  - Internet wifi - Table pour déjeuner - Cage de crossfit et matériel de sport (poids, barres, TRX, à utiliser avec précaution) Cuisine : - Séparée - Grand frigo, four, plaques de cuisson, micro-onde Chambre : - lit double - grands rangements Salle de bain : - baignoire - machine à laver - miroir - produits de douche et shampoing	Grand appartement de 50m2, incluant une cuisine séparée, un grand salon avec canapé d'angle, bureau et matériel de sport, une grand chambre avec rangement et une salle de bain avec baignoire. Grand balcon pour petits-déjeuners au soleil. 2 pièces lumineux à 8 min à pied de la place de la Nation. Le quartier est calme, l'appartement donne sur une rue à sens unique donc peu bruyante. La chambre a des fenêtres doubles vitrages. Le grand salon : - grand canapé d'angle, qui peut se tranformer en lit d'appoint - TV  - Internet wifi - Table pour déjeuner - Cage de crossfit et matériel de sport (poids, barres, TRX, à utiliser avec précaution) Cuisine : - Séparée - Grand frigo, four, plaques de cuisson, micro-onde Chambre : - lit double - grands rangements Salle de bain : - baignoire - machine à laver - miroir - produits de douche et shampoing Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement : salon, chambre, cuisine, salle de bain, toilettes. Nous restons joignables en cas de besoin. Le quartier
20723		Nous sommes au calme notre appartement est sur jardins seuls les oiseaux nous réveillent le matin. L'appartement est lumineux, nous avons 2 balcons. 3 stations de métro sont proches et 2 stations de tramway. Notre quartier a tous les commerces.
20724	Situé dans le XXeme arrondissement de Paris, sous le père Lachaise et à proximité de Nation, appartement familial de 3 pièces, 1 chambre lit double avec salle de douche, 1 chambre enfant avec 1 lit simple et 1 lit mezzanine.  Grand salon avec canapé lit, salle de bain et toilettes séparées.  Appartement dans petit immeuble de 3 étages, clair et ensoleillé.  Marché sur la place le jeudi et le dimanche, quartier agréable, ambiance village avec plein de petits cafés et restaus sympas.  Métros les plus proches : Buzenval (ligne 9) et Alexandre Dumas (ligne 2). 10 minutes à pied de la place de la nation.  Supérettes et boulangeries à moins de 100 m. Tous commerces dans un rayon de 500m autour de l'appartement.  	Situé dans le XXeme arrondissement de Paris, sous le père Lachaise et à proximité de Nation, appartement familial de 3 pièces, 1 chambre lit double avec salle de douche, 1 chambre enfant avec 1 lit simple et 1 lit mezzanine.  Grand salon avec canapé lit, salle de bain et toilettes séparées.  Appartement dans petit immeuble de 3 étages, clair et ensoleillé.  Marché sur la place le jeudi et le dimanche, quartier agréable, ambiance village avec plein de petits cafés et restaus sympas.  Métros les plus proches : Buzenval (ligne 9) et Alexandre Dumas (ligne 2). 10 minutes à pied de la place de la nation.  Supérettes et boulangeries à moins de 100 m. Tous commerces dans un rayon de 500m autour de l'appartement.  
20725		Grand appartement typique parisien de 55m2 avec une chambre et un double salon séjour. Très confortable et lumineux. Rue calme dans un quartier vivant.  Et nous partageons volontiers mes adresses favorites de Restau, Marchés, boutiques. Gambetta, quartier agréable et vivant sur les hauteurs de Paris. De nombreux restaurants, bistrots et cafés. Le cimetière Père Lachaise est à quelques pas. De nombreux commerces de proximités (boucher, fromager, épiceries fines). La station de Métro Gambetta est à 2min à pied. Plusieurs Stations Vélib autour.
20726	Very luminous and comfortable apartment nice to live in, south orientated, completely restored in 2012 with the charm of the ancient typical Parisian style (red tiles). Big 2 rooms for Paris: a real living-room, open fully fitted kitchen with a bar where 2 persons can eat, separate bedroom. Small bathroom with a bathtub, ideal place to relax after a tiring day in Paris, very rare! The kitchen is fully equipped, I like cooking so you won't need anything else! The living is comfortable and elegant. The apartment is ideal for a couple or a single person. 5 minutes from all amenities: parks, cafés, supermarket open until 10pm, good gastronomic restaurants (Roseval, Chatomat), places to go out (La Bellevilloise, l'Ermitage, le Rosa Bonheur, rue Oberkampf etc.)	Discover the charm of the real Paris! Near Père Lachaise, charming appartment of 377sqf, with typical parisian tiles, in a lovely and genuine Parisian neighbourhood, both quiet and very lively, 15 minutes in metro from the heart of Paris (Châtelet).  Very luminous and comfortable apartment nice to live in, south orientated, completely restored in 2012 with the charm of the ancient typical Parisian style (red tiles). Big 2 rooms for Paris: a real living-room, open fully fitted kitchen with a bar where 2 persons can eat, separate bedroom. Small bathroom with a bathtub, ideal place to relax after a tiring day in Paris, very rare! The kitchen is fully equipped, I like cooking so you won't need anything else! The living is comfortable and elegant. The apartment is ideal for a couple or a single person. 5 minutes from all amenities: parks, cafés, supermarket open until 10pm, good gastronomic restaurants (Roseval, Chatomat), places to go out (La Bellevilloise, l'Ermitage, le Rosa Bonheur, rue
20727	My place is a very quiet and bright one-room flat, perfect for having a rest after the all-day long visiting in the dynamic city.	I propose my one-room flat, confortable up to two persons, for short-term staying. The flat is next to Père Lachaise Cemetery and Belleville area, where you can experience real Parisian life of young people. My place is a very quiet and bright one-room flat, perfect for having a rest after the all-day long visiting in the dynamic city. You'll have bed sheets and soap available, and also hair-dyer, but please bring your own towel. I can provide you basic infos and maps, tips and good places to visit. The neighbourhood is very quiet and friendly, with lots of parcs and all kinds of shops around: typical Parisian cheese shop, bakery, butcher's, flower shop as well as bars, cafés and restaurants. Metro and bus stations are at the corner, it is easy to get around the city from the apartment. Shops, bars and parcs accessible by walking distance, it's a very enjoyable area of Paris.
20728	"Français disponible en sélectionnant le menu en bas. Just at the Porte de Montreuil 1km from Paris. Montreuil has truly become the ""Brooklyn of Paris"". The apartment is bright and agreeable. It's in a warehouse conversion of six lofts around a central courtyard. Wonderful in nice weather, you can have a coffee or cigarette there. We appreciate calm and discretion."	"Mini-loft in the Montreuil neighorhood with Japanese decor full of light, comfort and zen. In the heart of Montreuil with cafés, organic markets, Parc Floral. The Metro 9 takes you to the centre of Paris in 20min. Disneyland in 30min on the RER A Français disponible en sélectionnant le menu en bas. Just at the Porte de Montreuil 1km from Paris. Montreuil has truly become the ""Brooklyn of Paris"". The apartment is bright and agreeable. It's in a warehouse conversion of six lofts around a central courtyard. Wonderful in nice weather, you can have a coffee or cigarette there. We appreciate calm and discretion. The flat is a studio apartment on the 1st floor above the ground floor. Access by a central staircase. The studio consists of an open plan kitchen/living area. The bedroom area is Japanese style with a shoji sliding panel, tatami floor, and futon. The bathroom has a shower/bath and toilet. A secure underground parking 50m down the road is available. Beatrice will be your host. She li"
20729	Charmant studio lumineux en plein centre de Paris. Tout le confort y est. Une kitchenette équipée, une salle de bain, WIFI et un ordinateur macbook sont à votre disposition. 	Charmant studio lumineux en plein centre de Paris. Tout le confort y est. Une kitchenette équipée, une salle de bain, WIFI et un ordinateur macbook sont à votre disposition. Le logement est entièrement loué (coin lit, table à manger, salle de bain douche et WC, WIFI, Ordinateur Macbook, grille pain, cafetière) Email & tel.  Je suis continuellement en relation avec vous tout au long de votre séjour et reste à votre disposition pour toute information avec un très grand plaisir : bonnes adresses, restaurants, visites, shopping, transports...  Il vous suffit de m'envoyer un mail et je m'efforce de vous répondre le plus vite possible.  N'hésitez surtout pas à me les demander. L'appartement est situé à deux pas du Père Lachaise et de Nation. A 1O minutes de Bastille. Beaucoup de commerces sont à proximité, le Printemps aussi. Métro, RER et Bus S'il vous plaît ! envoyez-moi votre heure approximative d'arrivée et de départ pour que je puisse m'organiser (Check-in et check-out tôt ou tard est p
20730	Welcome to Bedville, a charming and comfortable studio flat of 30 square meters (323 square feet) entirely renovated in a modern style, located above the Parc de Belleville. It is composed of a big room with a kitchen area and a bathroom with a balneotherapic bathtub. THE MAIN ROOM The main room is harmoniously proportionned with a view on a Japanese garden. Reclining double bed with a good bedding (it is possible to add an extra single bed or a baby bed without extra charge) Bed sheets, blankets, quilt furnished Wifi internet access Dining table, armchair and chairs Closet and cupboard space  DVD and books  Any useful accessories : iron and an iron board,... THE KITCHEN AREA Oven with micro-wave Electrical plate Fridge Coffee machine Electrical kettle Vintage crockery and dishes All necessary kitchen utensils THE BATHROOM It is equipped with a big balneotherapic bathtub for two persons  (many air and water programs) Washing and drying machine Wash-basin, toilet Cupboard space Towel dr	Welcome to Bedville, a charming and comfortable studio flat of 30 square meters (323 square feet) entirely renovated in a modern style, located above the Parc de Belleville. It is composed of a big room with a kitchen area and a bathroom with a balneotherapic bathtub. THE MAIN ROOM The main room is harmoniously proportionned with a view on a Japanese garden. Reclining double bed with a good bedding (it is possible to add an extra single bed or a baby bed without extra charge) Bed sheets, blankets, quilt furnished Wifi internet access Dining table, armchair and chairs Closet and cupboard space  DVD and books  Any useful accessories : iron and an iron board,... THE KITCHEN AREA Oven with micro-wave Electrical plate Fridge Coffee machine Electrical kettle Vintage crockery and dishes All necessary kitchen utensils THE BATHROOM It is equipped with a big balneotherapic bathtub for two persons  (many air and water programs) Washing and drying machine Wash-basin, toilet Cupboard space Towel dr
20731	Mon appartement est unique car il y a du soleil toute la journée disposant de 4 orientations différentes. Idéalement situé pour faire la visite du cimetière du Père Lachaise ou pour aller boire un thé à la menthe, vous aurez tout à portée du pied ! La station de métro Ménilmontant étant au pied de l'immeuble, vous aurez aussi tout à porté du métro ! Profitez, cet appart est top !	A 2 pas du métro Ménilmontant, cet appartement est charmant, accueillant, idéalement situé et tout confort ! Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Le quartier est populaire, vivant, et les lignes de métro au top pour vous amenez où vous voulez ! Mon appartement est unique car il y a du soleil toute la journée disposant de 4 orientations différentes. Idéalement situé pour faire la visite du cimetière du Père Lachaise ou pour aller boire un thé à la menthe, vous aurez tout à portée du pied ! La station de métro Ménilmontant étant au pied de l'immeuble, vous aurez aussi tout à porté du métro ! Profitez, cet appart est top ! Accès à internet, wifi, télévision, machine à laver, draps, serviettes, torchons, couettes,... N'hésitez pas à vous présenter lors de votre demande de location cela me rassurera ! Je suis joignable par téléphone pour toutes questions.  Ménilmontant est un quartier très populaire et plein de vie. Coincé entre Belleville et le Père Lachaise, c'est LE quartier pour boir
20732	Unique place for a couple, big bed, full equipment, brand new kitchen, lot of space, a nice garden with nest, rare place in center Paris to be awaked by singing birds. The surrounding is full of restaurants and bars, many metro and buses lines, 15 mn transport to Louvre museum. All equipment is free access,wifi included The price is specially low as I just put this announcement on line, take the opportunity! One of the most charming district market is 50 meter from my home, great experience on sunday morning, place de la nation is 5 mn walk as well as Pere Lachaise cemetery Two stations are 3mn walk from the place, buzenval on line 9, and avron on line 2, this two stations are one station stop from the big hub named nation I always lived in this area, any questions, envy, will be for me a pleasure for me to give you answers and solutions.	Stunning 2 bedroom apartment with private garden, quiet and romantic surrounded by greenery. In a lively village, restaurants and bars, between nation and père-Lachaise, this apartment is comfortable ideal for a couple, or a family.Birds singing area Unique place for a couple, big bed, full equipment, brand new kitchen, lot of space, a nice garden with nest, rare place in center Paris to be awaked by singing birds. The surrounding is full of restaurants and bars, many metro and buses lines, 15 mn transport to Louvre museum. All equipment is free access,wifi included The price is specially low as I just put this announcement on line, take the opportunity! One of the most charming district market is 50 meter from my home, great experience on sunday morning, place de la nation is 5 mn walk as well as Pere Lachaise cemetery Two stations are 3mn walk from the place, buzenval on line 9, and avron on line 2, this two stations are one station stop from the big hub named nation I always lived i
20733	The flat is on the last floor of the building, oriented full South. Come and take advantage of the balcony to wake up with a good cup of coffee and sun light!	2 rooms on last floor oriented full South. Full equiped, could welcome 4 people (bedroom + sofa bed in the living room). Close to everything you need! The flat is on the last floor of the building, oriented full South. Come and take advantage of the balcony to wake up with a good cup of coffee and sun light! You have access to all the flat, of course: a bathroom, a bedroom and a huge room combining kitchen and living room! For our smoker friend, please do so only on the balcony. Thanks Please, ask any questions if you have! Do not miss the market of Alexandre Dumas (Wednesday and Saturday morning) or the one of Place de la Réunion on Sunday (perfect for a brunch)! You will be very close from Père Lachaise and 10 min away of bike of wood of Vincennes and its new zoo! The flat is 2 min away on feet from subway Alexandre Dumas (line 2) or Maraîchers (line 9). 20 min from Gard de Lyon. Hope you will enjoy your trip
20734	The space includes a living room, bedroom, bathroom with showerhead, and a small kitchen. The bedroom sleeps two people, but there's a sofa bed in the living room for a third person or a fourth if needed. 	Very nice cosy one bed room flat located in centre Paris,only few minutes by walking to metro station,its a great place to explor Paris.The flat has every things you need for staying. The apartment is bright, welcoming, and is the perfect place for your holiday in Paris. The space includes a living room, bedroom, bathroom with showerhead, and a small kitchen. The bedroom sleeps two people, but there's a sofa bed in the living room for a third person or a fourth if needed. WIFI, TV, washing machine, linens etc. You cannot miss the flea market on week-ends (5 mn walk) and will surely enjoy your sunday brunch at Les Pères Populaires, down the corner. Quiet location and neighbours!  The flat is very well connected: - métro Line 9 (2mn walk), L2 and 1 (5 mn walk).  - velib station 2 blocks away - buses 27 and 64
20735	Dans un quartier typiquement parisien, au cœur du 20e arrondissement, appartement lumineux et chaleureux de  45 M2. Au 2e étage d’un immeuble de 3 étages.  Appartement de 2 pièces, comprenant 1 chambre avec un lit double, 1 salon confortable, parquet au sol, salle de bain avec baignoire, W.C séparé, double-vitrage, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, T.V avec prise usb, lecteur dvd, chaîne Hi-Fi, WI-FI. Situé à 5 mn à pied du Père Lachaise et du marché de la Réunion ( tous les jeudis et dimanches matin). Proche du Château et du bois de Vincennes (4 stations de métro).  Tous les commerces sont à proximité ; magasin bio, supermarchés, boucherie, boulangerie, poste, pharmacie. Egalement, un grand nombre de restaurants et bars avec terrasse dans les rue adjacentes ( cuisine traditionnelle française, bar à vin, couscous marocain, asiatique…) Quartier très bien desservi par les transports, à 15mn du centre historique de Paris en métro. M° Buzenval (ligne 9) M° Nation (ligne 1 , 2 , 6 et RER A) M° Av	Dans un quartier typiquement parisien, au cœur du 20e arrondissement, appartement lumineux et chaleureux de  45 M2. Au 2e étage d’un immeuble de 3 étages.  Appartement de 2 pièces, comprenant 1 chambre avec un lit double, 1 salon confortable, parquet au sol, salle de bain avec baignoire, W.C séparé, double-vitrage, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, T.V avec prise usb, lecteur dvd, chaîne Hi-Fi, WI-FI. Situé à 5 mn à pied du Père Lachaise et du marché de la Réunion ( tous les jeudis et dimanches matin). Proche du Château et du bois de Vincennes (4 stations de métro).  Tous les commerces sont à proximité ; magasin bio, supermarchés, boucherie, boulangerie, poste, pharmacie. Egalement, un grand nombre de restaurants et bars avec terrasse dans les rue adjacentes ( cuisine traditionnelle française, bar à vin, couscous marocain, asiatique…) Quartier très bien desservi par les transports, à 15mn du centre historique de Paris en métro. M° Buzenval (ligne 9) M° Nation (ligne 1 , 2 , 6 et RER A) M° Av
20736		Bright and cosy apartment of 25 sqm located between the Place de la Nation and the Père Lachaise Cemetery.
20737	L'appartement a du charme (parquet, tomettes), il est très propre et tout équipé: - Le salon et la chambre sont spacieux et confortables (un vrai lit à latte dans la chambre plus un canapé convertible , TV, lecteur de DVD, chaîne hifi, wifi). La cuisine est tout équipée (sauf micro-onde!): plaques et four à gaz équipements: grille-pain, presse-jus, cafetière filtre, bouilloire, mixeur…et à peu près tout si vous souhaitez cuisiner!! 	Dans rue calme, immeuble début XXeme siècle, deux pièce très spacieux, confortable, propre et charmant! Très bien desservi par de nombreux transports, il y a beaucoup de commerces à proximité et le centre de Paris est à 15 min! L'appartement a du charme (parquet, tomettes), il est très propre et tout équipé: - Le salon et la chambre sont spacieux et confortables (un vrai lit à latte dans la chambre plus un canapé convertible , TV, lecteur de DVD, chaîne hifi, wifi). La cuisine est tout équipée (sauf micro-onde!): plaques et four à gaz équipements: grille-pain, presse-jus, cafetière filtre, bouilloire, mixeur…et à peu près tout si vous souhaitez cuisiner!! Cet appartement est un appartement dans un appartement, il a sa propre entrée, et vous ne croiserez pas les voisins. Merci de veillez à leur tranquillité (pas de fête) Vous avez accès à l'appartement entier: un salon, une chambre, un couloir, une cuisine, une salle de bain attenante à la chambre, des wc séparés. Dans la cuisine, vous 
20738	Bright, calm and spacious 	We would be happy to welcome you in our appartement with a big living room, one adult bedroom and one children bedroom. The appartement is very calm and charming, very well equiped. You will certainly feel at home wherever you're coming from!
20739	Apartment in a building with lots of charm, in a quiet street, sunny all day.	Privative room with a double bed and a wardrobe in a cosy flat. The kitchen, the bathroom and the living room are shared with the flatmates. In a great popular district of Paris. Apartment in a building with lots of charm, in a quiet street, sunny all day. Bedroom of 11 m2 quiet and comfortable with storage. Access to kitchen, bathroom with bath and living room, shared with roommates present during your stay. We want you to feel like home. My flatmates / I will be here and will enjoy to share what they now about Paris and the places to visit. Subway : line 3 - Gambetta Tram : line 3b - Porte de Bagnolet Bus : (phone number hidden) - Gambetta
20740	it's comfortable, and locate in an safe area(two schools near around)	This is my own bedroom, everything is well prepared. Near metro 3/9 and T3b. My roommates are all very nice Chinese girls, they will be glad to help you with your travel plan. It's nicer if you order for one week or more :) it's comfortable, and locate in an safe area(two schools near around) my own room and the all the public space i will be at China during your time in Paris,but my roommates would be here :) 
20741	El monoambiente (20 m2) queda en el 5° piso de un edificio antiguo. Es calma y luminoso. El barrio es popular y agradable. Hay muchos cafés y tiendas cerca así que un mercado los domingos en la plaza de la Réunion. La localización está muy buena pues hay 5 líneas de metro a menos de 10' caminando.	Petit studio (20 m2) au dernier étage sur cour d'un immeuble ancien. Quartier populaire et vivant bien desservi (5 lignes de métro). Cafés, commerces et un marché le dimanche matin sur la place de la Réunion ! Petit gabarit mais tout y est ! Il n'y a pas d'ascenseur (5e étage).
20742		Since I am leavin for vacation to istanbul, my room in the appartement will be free. You will share the appartement with two german roommates. The room is 14 qm, the appartement 60qm, including a bathroom and a kitchen. It is on the 5th floor. A very nice neighborhood, with lots of cafés, bars, bakerys and a market on sunday Out of respect to my roommates, I am looking for someone who is only staying 2,3 or maximum 4 days/nights
20743	Tout ce qu'il vous faut pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris. Idéal pour un couple, un solitaire ou pour 2 inséparables. Proche de tout commerces, cafés, restaurant, bars, marchés. Mon quartier est très animé, c'est très agréable de s'y promener!	Vous êtes les bienvenus dans mon petit chez moi :) Situé dans un quartier que j'aime (Père Lachaise- Ménilmontant-Oberkampf), mon appart se trouve au 4è étage. Super ensoleillé, 2 pièces: un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain, une petite cuisine.. Tout ce qu'il vous faut pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris. Idéal pour un couple, un solitaire ou pour 2 inséparables. Proche de tout commerces, cafés, restaurant, bars, marchés. Mon quartier est très animé, c'est très agréable de s'y promener! Appartement très bien desservi. Entre métro Ménilmontant, rue Saint Maur et Père Lachaise. Je reste très disponible pour répondre à toutes vos questions. N'hésitez surtout pas!
20744	The apartment “Paris-Mouffetard » is newly renewed and fully furnished. You will envoy to stay here for a short holiday or for business reasons. It is cozy and very quite. You'll be in the center of Quartier Latin, with all you need within 5 minutes walk.  The main room is modern furnished. It has just been completely renewed. The sofa bed is new and very easy to unfold and comfortable. The bathroom is spacious and has a window, which makes it really clear. It’s equipped with a bath, toilets, a sink, a hair dryer and a heater.	Feel like at home but in Paris!  Newly renewed, the flat contains everything you may need for a short or longer stay.  In the kitchen, you'll find everything you need  The separate bathroom has a bath, a shower head with adequate water           I'll be there at the check in to welcome you and give you all necessary advices for your stay. The Latin Quarter, with the renowned Sorbonne university, is situated in this arrondissement. The area's popular avenue, the Boulevard St-Michel, marks the border with the 6th arrondissement. The most famous sight in the 5th arrondissement is the Panthéon, but there are many other noteworthy sights such as the magnificent Val-de-Grâce church, the intriguing St-Etienne-du-Mont church, the Cluny Museum, the roman-era Arènes de Lutèce and the Jardin des Plantes, the city's botanical garden which is home to the Natural History Museum.
20745	As performers we travel often. We get the needs and desires of our guests because we are often guests too, touring different cities, adjusting to new hotel rooms, discovering different apartments…So when we decided to host our Paris apartment on Airbnb we kept those experiences in mind in hopes to make your stay as comfortable and exciting as possible. The Apartment: a quaint one bedroom getaway on the second floor.  As this is a FULL apartment rental, guests will have access to all utilities of the apartment. Here's a break down of what we have to offer.... The bedroom is equipped with: -one full sized bed (for 2) with Tempur-pedic pad top  -a down comforter + fresh sheets -an open closet with hangers and storage  -3 empty storage drawers  -Soundproof & curtained windows -a portable fan The Bathroom: -a full shower with portable jet shower head -Towel heating rack -Toilet and sink -2 fresh towels -Shampoo & Conditioner The Salon: -a new futon couch, sits 2 & sleeps 1    (NEW & not in 	Great nook for 2, just minutes walking from Notre Dame and Jardin Des Plants. A simple but charming apartment for those who want a more intimate, private home away from home. Couples, professionals, adventurers, artists and small families welcome! As performers we travel often. We get the needs and desires of our guests because we are often guests too, touring different cities, adjusting to new hotel rooms, discovering different apartments…So when we decided to host our Paris apartment on Airbnb we kept those experiences in mind in hopes to make your stay as comfortable and exciting as possible. The Apartment: a quaint one bedroom getaway on the second floor.  As this is a FULL apartment rental, guests will have access to all utilities of the apartment. Here's a break down of what we have to offer.... The bedroom is equipped with: -one full sized bed (for 2) with Tempur-pedic pad top  -a down comforter + fresh sheets -an open closet with hangers and storage  -3 empty storage drawers  -
20746	traversant avec balcon sur espace vert	traversant avec balcon sur espace vert OUI Rue piétonnière très commerçante et typiquement parisienne. Bars-restaurants cosmopolites Aéroport CDG : navette bus AIR FRANCE jusqu'à station Opéra puis métro ligne 7 jusqu'à station Place Monge Aéroport Orly : navette ORLYVAL jusqu'à Denfert-Rochereau puis taxi pendant 5' maximum.
20747	"On the third floor of a Parisian building from the 19th century, close to very nice ""jardin des Plantes"" (public garden with animals like kangaroos, koalas...), a beautiful apartment with parquet flooring.  AMENITIES :  The apartment features a lovely main room, with a double bed, a double sofa-bed, a kitchen and a bathroom with a bathtub and WC.  It is fully equipped with all modern cons: a cable TV, wi-fi connexion, a microwave, an oven, a fridge. LOCATION:  Located near a shopping street at a 5-minute walk from Mouffetard street and the Panthean, at the heart of Quartier Latin, you will easily find minimarkets, bakeries, bars, shops, drugstores, post office. It's 10 minutes from Chatelet, Paris heart, by tube. The nearest metro is Jussieu (20m away), on lines 7 and 10.   A fresh goods market takes place twice a week."	"Cosy flat in heart of Paris, ideally located, inside ""Quartier Latin"", close to rue Mouffetard. Well equiped (wifi, TV, oven, microwave...) and  very calm. On the third floor of a Parisian building from the 19th century, close to very nice ""jardin des Plantes"" (public garden with animals like kangaroos, koalas...), a beautiful apartment with parquet flooring.  AMENITIES :  The apartment features a lovely main room, with a double bed, a double sofa-bed, a kitchen and a bathroom with a bathtub and WC.  It is fully equipped with all modern cons: a cable TV, wi-fi connexion, a microwave, an oven, a fridge. LOCATION:  Located near a shopping street at a 5-minute walk from Mouffetard street and the Panthean, at the heart of Quartier Latin, you will easily find minimarkets, bakeries, bars, shops, drugstores, post office. It's 10 minutes from Chatelet, Paris heart, by tube. The nearest metro is Jussieu (20m away), on lines 7 and 10.   A fresh goods market takes place twice a week. The whole fl"
20748	"Very nice apartment in Paris 5th F2, large living room, 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame Cathedral, fully equipped modern kitchen with American bar, small bathroom with bath, separate toilet. This is not a roommate, this flat is entirely for you. Lot of Shop and supermarket around. Everything is close from the flat! Supermarket, ""boulangeries"" very reputable, restaurants of all kinds, fashion boutiques. The metro (Line 10) is 20 meters and buses pass by. The train stations are very close! But that's not all. You can walk to the Pantheon, the Arab World Institute in Saint Germain, the Jardin du Luxembourg, and also in le marais ... The Louvre is not far either! This area is perfect for lovers! You can walk in the evening on the Seine, embark on a houseboat for a candlelight dinner, spend the evening in a pub in Saint-Michel ... But after all, the more enjoyable is to have the opportunity to go home on foot through the beautiful cobbled streets of the Latin Quarter! To enjoy a little diner"	"Very nice apartment in Paris 5th F2, large living room, 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame Cathedral, fully equipped modern kitchen with American bar, small bathroom with bath, separate toilet. This is not a roommate, this flat is entirely for you. Lot of Shop and supermarket around. Everything is close from the flat! Supermarket, ""boulangeries"" very reputable, restaurants of all kinds, fashion boutiques. The metro (Line 10) is 20 meters and buses pass by. The train stations are very close! But that's not all. You can walk to the Pantheon, the Arab World Institute in Saint Germain, the Jardin du Luxembourg, and also in le marais ... The Louvre is not far either! This area is perfect for lovers! You can walk in the evening on the Seine, embark on a houseboat for a candlelight dinner, spend the evening in a pub in Saint-Michel ... But after all, the more enjoyable is to have the opportunity to go home on foot through the beautiful cobbled streets of the Latin Quarter! To enjoy a little diner"
20749	Very well situated between Luxembourg Garden and Jardin des Plantes.    Near Place Contrescarpe dear to Ernest Hemingway. On request and for free, we provide you with a travel cot for baby. As from May 2015, a dedicated Wifi router with strong Wifi signal has been installed and an IMac computer (with Mac OS 10.6.8 Snow Leopard) is at guests disposal.	Three rooms, TWO BEDROOMS. Fitted kitchen.  Separate toilet. Latin Quarter, quite street between Pantheon and rue Mouffetard.  Near Luxembourg garden and Jardin des Plantes (with its zoo). Near boulevard Saint Michel and Saint Germain. Very well situated between Luxembourg Garden and Jardin des Plantes.    Near Place Contrescarpe dear to Ernest Hemingway. On request and for free, we provide you with a travel cot for baby. As from May 2015, a dedicated Wifi router with strong Wifi signal has been installed and an IMac computer (with Mac OS 10.6.8 Snow Leopard) is at guests disposal. - Pantheon : 5mn walk, - rue Mouffetard : 5 mn walk, - Sorbonne : 7mn walk, - Notre-Dame : 10 mn walk, - Ile Saint-Louis : 10 mn walk, - Jardin du Luxembourg : 10 mn walk, - Jardin des Plantes : 10mn walk. Metro Line 10 : station Cardinal-Lemoine, Metro Line 7 : station Place Monge (direct line to Musée du Louvre), RER B : station Luxembourg - Accès direct aéroports Roissy et Orly. We are living on site for 
20750	"Hi, I'm Fred ! My appartement is pretty new, everything has been rebuilt 5 years ago. For the capacity i say three people because i have a bed for 2, and a very big couch for one person. (I bought it like this so people could use it as a bed...) For information, I'm living in this flat when I'm not renting it. It is not as empty and souless than the flats usually used just for rent :) You'll find all the basics products and objects necessary for you to feel at home. It's very close to metro ""Place Monge"" and ""Cardinal Lemoine"" so you can be pretty quick everywhere in paris. It's a 2 mn walk to Pantheon and Luxembourg, and less than 10 to latin quarter, Notre Dame, the Seine. It's also very to close to Rue Mouffetard where there's plenty of bars, cafés, and classic french market to buy very good french dishes etc... It's also very quiet because the windows are not on the street, which is pretty rare in this neighbourhood. About the equipment, you got : - Very High Speed Internet (Wi-Fi "	"In the middle of the Latin Quarter, this atypical apartment will be perfect to discover the true heart of the old Paris. Close to Notre Dame, the Pantheon and to 2 metro stations, it will be very easy for you move around Paris ! Hi, I'm Fred ! My appartement is pretty new, everything has been rebuilt 5 years ago. For the capacity i say three people because i have a bed for 2, and a very big couch for one person. (I bought it like this so people could use it as a bed...) For information, I'm living in this flat when I'm not renting it. It is not as empty and souless than the flats usually used just for rent :) You'll find all the basics products and objects necessary for you to feel at home. It's very close to metro ""Place Monge"" and ""Cardinal Lemoine"" so you can be pretty quick everywhere in paris. It's a 2 mn walk to Pantheon and Luxembourg, and less than 10 to latin quarter, Notre Dame, the Seine. It's also very to close to Rue Mouffetard where there's plenty of bars, cafés, and clas"
20751	"Please be welcomed in our lovely 861 square feet (80 square meters) apartment in the center of Paris. This is a typical ""Haussmanian"" apartment with its moulding and nice clearance. This is a one bedroom apartment with a large living-room and an office.  The bedroom is calm and pleasant with a view on the courtyard of the building. There is a 5,25 feet large bed with an incredibly comfortable mattress (you should try it ;) ). You will enjoy our comfy and bright light living-room (215,28 square feet / 20 square meters) in our 9,84 feet long sofa and the flat screen TV. If you know how to play or if you want to try, there is a Piano you can use in the office, with a guest bed and an other sofa where you can rest. A fully equipped kitchen (microwave oven, dishwasher and hot plates) is waiting for you, as well as our charming bathroom with its big bath to relax.  The neighbourhood where we live is called ""Saint-Medart / Mouffetard"". During your stay you will discover the pleasure to live i"	"Please be welcomed in our lovely 861 square feet (80 square meters) apartment in the center of Paris. This is a typical ""Haussmanian"" apartment with its moulding and nice clearance. This is a one bedroom apartment with a large living-room and an office.  The bedroom is calm and pleasant with a view on the courtyard of the building. There is a 5,25 feet large bed with an incredibly comfortable mattress (you should try it ;) ). You will enjoy our comfy and bright light living-room (215,28 square feet / 20 square meters) in our 9,84 feet long sofa and the flat screen TV. If you know how to play or if you want to try, there is a Piano you can use in the office, with a guest bed and an other sofa where you can rest. A fully equipped kitchen (microwave oven, dishwasher and hot plates) is waiting for you, as well as our charming bathroom with its big bath to relax.  The neighbourhood where we live is called ""Saint-Medart / Mouffetard"". During your stay you will discover the pleasure to live i"
20752	Beautiful 3 rooms located in the first floor of a Haussmann style building. The apartment is composed of a large bedroom and a large living room, the bedroom has a king size bed. It very well placed in the city center, near the Cathedral Notre Dame de Paris along the Seine	Beautiful 3 rooms located in the first floor of a Haussmann style building. The apartment is composed of a large bedroom and a large living room, the bedroom has a king size bed. It very well placed in the city center, near the Cathedral Notre Dame de Paris along the Seine Quiet and very bright, it is a nest of love. It has an area of 40m ² It is located on the first floor. You will have in this apartment with a kitchen, a bathroom and toilet. It is 2 minutes from the Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral and 10 minutes from the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay and others (see map) You want to discover Paris like a local? Louvre, Orsay, Pompidou, Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter, atypical bistros, fanciful breakfasts overlooking the Seine as in postcards You just around the corner. Near the subway station Cardinal Lemoine: RER-C and B (which will take you to Charles de Gaulle airport) -lines 10 and 7 subway (they serve all Paris), line 4 and 5 walking 2 minutes. And at night, you can use Noctanbus de
20753	"Hello dear travelers, I travel for work, so I am subleting my lovley nest to a good person / a nice couple while I am away (see Calender for upcoming availabilities).  Location: Between the blooming gardens of Jardin de Luxembourg and the ""insider"" Jardin des Plantes, close to the Panthéon, the lively rue Mouffetard (with a great brunch place and an amazing local french restaurant as well as fun bars), a 15min walk from Notre Dame. Right on the calm square Monge(w. farmers market 3 times a week) , the metro and a Velib station (almost free to use city bikes). Metro and bus routes right outside of apt. The place: Cozy and luminous space, in a 19th century Hausmanian building, 6th floor walk up (yes, that's how parisian women stay so thin), renovated just before I moved in, hardwood floors, high ceilings, two big windows. A clic-clac bed that comfortably sleeps two. Small bathroom with shower. Basic equipted kitchen (no stove or mircrowave, sorry). At your disposal: A washing machine, un"	"Hello dear travelers, I travel for work, so I am subleting my lovley nest to a good person / a nice couple while I am away (see Calender for upcoming availabilities).  Location: Between the blooming gardens of Jardin de Luxembourg and the ""insider"" Jardin des Plantes, close to the Panthéon, the lively rue Mouffetard (with a great brunch place and an amazing local french restaurant as well as fun bars), a 15min walk from Notre Dame. Right on the calm square Monge(w. farmers market 3 times a week) , the metro and a Velib station (almost free to use city bikes). Metro and bus routes right outside of apt. The place: Cozy and luminous space, in a 19th century Hausmanian building, 6th floor walk up (yes, that's how parisian women stay so thin), renovated just before I moved in, hardwood floors, high ceilings, two big windows. A clic-clac bed that comfortably sleeps two. Small bathroom with shower. Basic equipted kitchen (no stove or mircrowave, sorry). At your disposal: A washing machine, un"
20754	"Hello, Come and visit Paris and enjoy the atmosphere of historic Latin! I propose a small studio on 1st floor, overlooking a quiet courtyard, completely renovated, charming Parisian (beam and floor). It is very functional and has a fully equipped kitchenette: fridge, 2 hotplates, oven / microwave, The bed is a large sofa bed for 2 persons (Bultex comfortable mattress) The bathroom was also completely redone! Walk-in shower enclosed by a shower, radiator ""towel dry"" .... It has cable TV, wireless internet included, provided laptop. "	"Hello, Come and visit Paris and enjoy the atmosphere of historic Latin! I propose a small studio on 1st floor, overlooking a quiet courtyard, completely renovated, charming Parisian (beam and floor). It is very functional and has a fully equipped kitchenette: fridge, 2 hotplates, oven / microwave, The bed is a large sofa bed for 2 persons (Bultex comfortable mattress) The bathroom was also completely redone! Walk-in shower enclosed by a shower, radiator ""towel dry"" .... It has cable TV, wireless internet included, provided laptop. "
20755	Exceptionnellement situé au coeur de la rive gauche et au centre de Paris, notre appartement est idéal pour profiter à fond de la ville, ses balades, marchés, musées et vie nocturne animée.	Charmant appartement situé en plein Quartier Latin ! Salon avec TV, internet. Chambre avec lit double. Cuisine toute équipée (micro-onde, 4 plaques, réfrigérateur/congélateur, etc.). Salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à laver, sèche-cheveux. Exceptionnellement situé au coeur de la rive gauche et au centre de Paris, notre appartement est idéal pour profiter à fond de la ville, ses balades, marchés, musées et vie nocturne animée. tout l'équipement sur place est accessible. Nous serons ravis d'aider les voyageurs à préparer leur séjour (lieux de sortie nocturne, ballade ou vie culturelle) ! LE quartier historique et romantique de Paris !!! A voir TOUT PRÈS de chez nous :  Notre-Dame, le jardin des Plantes, le Panthéon, la rue Mouffetard, île Saint-Louis, les Arènes de Lutèce, jardin du Luxembourg, Odéon, etc... Belles ballades à faire sur les quais de Seine (3 mn à pied de l'appartement).   Nombreux bars, cafés, resto et salons de thés à proximité. Cinémas et librairies en très grand n
20756		       Face à la Place Monge, très bel appartement de 3 pièces disposant de tout le confort. Situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble sécurisé et calme dans un quartier vivant proche de commerces et des transports. 
20757		Lively neighborhood with monuments and parks close by, in a quiet street. Luxembourg park at 5 minute walk. One of the most typical and best open air market of Paris in Rue Mouffetard, 5 minutes walk.
20758	Old charming building,on 6th floor without lift	Quartier latin,arène de lutèce,jardin des plantes,rue mouffetard,pharmacie Monge metro7&10,bus47 Old charming building,on 6th floor without lift Kitchen,wc,fridge,wifi Available everyday Quiet,fresh air,safe, easy to get commun transport,traditional restaurants &shops Every type of transports:subway,bus,taxi,velib(bike to rent),autolib(car to rent) Traditional marché：3 times per week  Several flea markets every month In place Monge and place Maubert. The kitchen and the wc are just aside your bedroom and shared with a neighbor.
20759	A charming studio a few meters away from the Sorbonne University. It is located in a very quiet street looking onto the rue Mouffetard. It is a duplex with a big living room with a single sofa bed and a kitchen area , there is a double bedroom upstairs with a bathroom with shower. Toilets are separated. You will also have wifi connexion and Cabled television. You will find many restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakeries, etc.. in rue Mouffetard from steps to the apartment.	A charming studio a few meters away from the Sorbonne University. It is located in a very quiet street looking onto the rue Mouffetard. It is a duplex with a big living room with a single sofa bed and a kitchen area , there is a double bedroom upstairs with a bathroom with shower. Toilets are separated. You will also have wifi connexion and Cabled television. You will find many restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakeries, etc.. in rue Mouffetard from steps to the apartment. At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat. If you check in on sunday, holidays or after 8PM, you will have to pay an additional fee of 50€ for your welcoming in the apartment. There is no arrival after 11pm at the apartment.
20760	Nice apartment of 50m2 in the fifth arrondissement of Paris, just renovated. A few steps from the rue Mouffetard, the Pantheon, the Seine, Notre Dame de Paris, the Latin Quarter, the Sorbonne and Jardin du Luxembourg. Out of the building you will find face to face with the magnificent Mosque of Paris with its gardens and restaurant and the Botanical Gardens and Museum of Natural History in Paris. Shopping district and the famous rue Mouffetard market. Apartment very well connected: bus station in front of the building with the line 89 and 67, and lines 5, 7 and 10 metro less than 5 min walk (censier daubenton, Jussieu and Gare d'Austerlitz). Also several Velib stations nearby. Friendly neighborhood and very well attended. About the apartment, it has a bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a sofa bed. There is also a balcony overlooking the garden plants, a spacious and fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath / shower and toilet. Also the cleaning of the appartment is in	Nice apartment of 50m2 in the fifth arrondissement of Paris, just renovated. A few steps from the rue Mouffetard, the Pantheon, the Seine, Notre Dame de Paris, the Latin Quarter, the Sorbonne and Jardin du Luxembourg. Out of the building you will find face to face with the magnificent Mosque of Paris with its gardens and restaurant and the Botanical Gardens and Museum of Natural History in Paris. Shopping district and the famous rue Mouffetard market. Apartment very well connected: bus station in front of the building with the line 89 and 67, and lines 5, 7 and 10 metro less than 5 min walk (censier daubenton, Jussieu and Gare d'Austerlitz). Also several Velib stations nearby. Friendly neighborhood and very well attended. About the apartment, it has a bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a sofa bed. There is also a balcony overlooking the garden plants, a spacious and fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath / shower and toilet. Also the cleaning of the appartment is in
20761	Beautiful apartment of 40 sqm located in the 5th district of Paris on the 1st floor of a typical parisian building. It has 1 large bedroom and 1 living room, a separated bathroom and kitchen. The apartment is fully furnished (TV, Wifi, oven, microwave, bedsheets, towels). It was completely renovated this year. The location is perfect to enjoy your stay, it is at the heart of Paris in the 5th district. eIt is 3 minutes walking from the beautiful Jardin du Luxembourg, Quartier Latin, rue Mouffetard, the Panthéon and Sorbonne University. Subways (Censier Daubenton) and RER (Luxembourg) are no more than 6 min walking and different buses are available in front of the building and can take you anywhere you want. The neighborhood is very lively with different bars, shops, and boutiques. This area is also known for the new french wave of fashion designers.  There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. A très vite !	Beautiful apartment of 40 sqm located in the 5th district of Paris on the 1st floor of a typical parisian building. It has 1 large bedroom and 1 living room, a separated bathroom and kitchen. The apartment is fully furnished (TV, Wifi, oven, microwave, bedsheets, towels). It was completely renovated this year. The location is perfect to enjoy your stay, it is at the heart of Paris in the 5th district. eIt is 3 minutes walking from the beautiful Jardin du Luxembourg, Quartier Latin, rue Mouffetard, the Panthéon and Sorbonne University. Subways (Censier Daubenton) and RER (Luxembourg) are no more than 6 min walking and different buses are available in front of the building and can take you anywhere you want. The neighborhood is very lively with different bars, shops, and boutiques. This area is also known for the new french wave of fashion designers.  There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. A très vite !
20762	Dear Visitor, This contemporary apartment is nicely decorated with a modern touch and is composed of a fully equipped kitchen, a living-room with a convertible couch/bed for 2 people, a room with a double bed for 2 people and a bathroom with a shower and toilets.  The apartment is very calm and is full of light. Located on the 2nd floor (no elevator) between Boulevard Saint-German and Seine Quays (Left-Bank). The closest metro station is Maubert Mutualité (Line 10).  The apartment is at a 5’ – 10’ walking distance from Notre Dame and Saint Michel. Connexion from CDG Airport with RER B and from Orly Airport with RER B and OrlyVal (Saint-Michel Notre Dame stop). Direct metro 10 line from Austerlitz station  Direct bus 86 line from Gare de Lyon Direct bus 24 from Gare de Bercy The apartment is fully equipped with a television, high speed internet, loudspeakers for smartphone, washing machine/dryer, dishwasher, oven/microwave, induction ceramic cooktop Short-term rental only. 	Dear Visitor, This contemporary apartment is nicely decorated with a modern touch and is composed of a fully equipped kitchen, a living-room with a convertible couch/bed for 2 people, a room with a double bed for 2 people and a bathroom with a shower and toilets.  The apartment is very calm and is full of light. Located on the 2nd floor (no elevator) between Boulevard Saint-German and Seine Quays (Left-Bank). The closest metro station is Maubert Mutualité (Line 10).  The apartment is at a 5’ – 10’ walking distance from Notre Dame and Saint Michel. Connexion from CDG Airport with RER B and from Orly Airport with RER B and OrlyVal (Saint-Michel Notre Dame stop). Direct metro 10 line from Austerlitz station  Direct bus 86 line from Gare de Lyon Direct bus 24 from Gare de Bercy The apartment is fully equipped with a television, high speed internet, loudspeakers for smartphone, washing machine/dryer, dishwasher, oven/microwave, induction ceramic cooktop Short-term rental only. 
20763	Situated in a quiet, building just off the famous and lively rue Mouffetard, an ideal location for visitors wanting to live the Left Bank experience as well as quick access by foot or metro to other ‘must see’ sights of Paris.  This 1 bedroom  studio/apartment is on the third floor walk up (no elevator/lift) and looks out onto a leafy and quiet courtyard. The rooms are bright, airy and peaceful, making it a perfect pied a terre to relax in after a busy day of exploring the city. The main area, has two very comfortable armchairs, wardrobe/storage area, WI-FI internet, T.V with cable- international channels and a dinning area.  A well equipped kitchen; Hob, Fridge (with small freezer) toaster, kettle, cooking utensils, coffee maker. Whilst there is no washing machine in the apartment there is a laundromat (laverie in French) only 2 minutes by foot and an excellent cafe/bistro next door, the perfect time to read up on those guide books or to watch the world go by. The bedroom area is semi	Great location in the 5th area of Paris, well equipped studio-apartment, sleeping for two single travellers or a couple. Freshly decorated in 2014, bright, airy and quiet. Ideal base for the curious traveller that wants to be in the heart of Paris. Situated in a quiet, building just off the famous and lively rue Mouffetard, an ideal location for visitors wanting to live the Left Bank experience as well as quick access by foot or metro to other ‘must see’ sights of Paris.  This 1 bedroom  studio/apartment is on the third floor walk up (no elevator/lift) and looks out onto a leafy and quiet courtyard. The rooms are bright, airy and peaceful, making it a perfect pied a terre to relax in after a busy day of exploring the city. The main area, has two very comfortable armchairs, wardrobe/storage area, WI-FI internet, T.V with cable- international channels and a dinning area.  A well equipped kitchen; Hob, Fridge (with small freezer) toaster, kettle, cooking utensils, coffee maker. Whilst the
20764	couple of words on setup: studio with a nice living space and a staircase leading to mezzanine; a bathroom with a bathtub & wc in one, a fully equipped kitchen (you can prepare your own meals). sleeps ideally 2, but possible up to 4 ppl (a king-size bed and a convertible sofa-bed upstairs). the studio is in the courtyard, neighbors friendly, mostly students.	b i e n v e n u e    to my nice quiet & cozy studio for 2 in the best area in Paris! couple of words on setup: studio with a nice living space and a staircase leading to mezzanine; a bathroom with a bathtub & wc in one, a fully equipped kitchen (you can prepare your own meals). sleeps ideally 2, but possible up to 4 ppl (a king-size bed and a convertible sofa-bed upstairs). the studio is in the courtyard, neighbors friendly, mostly students. perfect location of the studio! just 10 min slow walk from Notre Dame or the river embankment, the studio is located in the best arrondissement in Paris! just across the street, less than a minute walk, there is a boulangerie, a grocery store, ATM machine, a beauty salon, laundry place, nearby there's also a post office - really anything you might need! also, it is near rue mouffetard, famous street for its bars and live night life. the area also has a couple of good restaurants (raclette, fondue and sushi). the studio is on the first floor, no ele
20765	L'appartement est situé au 3 e étage d'un bel immeuble moderne avec ascenseur .   Le salon est très lumineux , avec 2 portes fenêtres donnant sur un  jardin .  Il comprend un canapé   et des fauteuils de style,  une belle table permettant de prendre confortablement ses repas , un écran télévision  .  La cuisine , ouverte sur le living est très fonctionnelle, entièrement équipée avec four, lave vaisselle, refrigerateur intégré et comprend tout ce qui peut vous etre nécessaire .  Un grand placard dressing est à votre disposition. La salle de bains, très moderne, comprend une cabine de douche , un lavabo , les toilettes , et la machine à laver séchante .	L'appartement est situé au 3 e étage d'un bel immeuble moderne avec ascenseur .   Le salon est très lumineux , avec 2 portes fenêtres donnant sur un  jardin .  Il comprend un canapé   et des fauteuils de style,  une belle table permettant de prendre confortablement ses repas , un écran télévision  .  La cuisine , ouverte sur le living est très fonctionnelle, entièrement équipée avec four, lave vaisselle, refrigerateur intégré et comprend tout ce qui peut vous etre nécessaire .  Un grand placard dressing est à votre disposition. La salle de bains, très moderne, comprend une cabine de douche , un lavabo , les toilettes , et la machine à laver séchante . Lappartement est situé dans un quarter très animé en plein 5e arrondissement, l'ancien quartier érudiant, avec ses rues pleines de charme , invitant à la promenade, ses très nombreuses boutiques, bistrots et restaurants . Vous serez heureux d'y partager la vie des parisiens Transports très pratiques métro Cardinal Lemoine et de nombreux a
20766	33m2 (355 sq ft)  independant suite with its own private  entrance, including: - a living room with sofa bed which sleeps two - a bedroom with a closet and two single beds that can be joined to make a king bed - a bathroom with sink, toilet and shower - a breakfast nook - amenities include sheets, towels, blow-drier, TV, daily breakfast with fresh pastries The suite, which was completely renovated in Spring 2012, is located on a quiet pedestrian-only street just steps from the Rue Mouffetard.  The spacious living room has high ceilings, oak flooring and opens to the breakfast nook.  The windows in the living room and bedroom look out to a private and peaceful courtyard. The Mouffetard neighborhood (Latin Quarter) has a wide variety of restaurants, cafés, bars, and specialty stores (ice cream, chocolate, fish markets, meat markets, bakeries, souvenirs, ...). Within walking distance, one finds several gardens, including the famous Jardin de Luxembourg and Jardin des Plantes (with its Evo	33m2 (355 sq ft)  independant suite with its own private  entrance, including: - a living room with sofa bed which sleeps two - a bedroom with a closet and two single beds that can be joined to make a king bed - a bathroom with sink, toilet and shower - a breakfast nook - amenities include sheets, towels, blow-drier, TV, daily breakfast with fresh pastries The suite, which was completely renovated in Spring 2012, is located on a quiet pedestrian-only street just steps from the Rue Mouffetard.  The spacious living room has high ceilings, oak flooring and opens to the breakfast nook.  The windows in the living room and bedroom look out to a private and peaceful courtyard. The Mouffetard neighborhood (Latin Quarter) has a wide variety of restaurants, cafés, bars, and specialty stores (ice cream, chocolate, fish markets, meat markets, bakeries, souvenirs, ...). Within walking distance, one finds several gardens, including the famous Jardin de Luxembourg and Jardin des Plantes (with its Evo
20767	C'est un appartement familial avec, une grande chambre d'enfants, composée d'un lit superposé et d'un lit bébé, une chambre avec un grand lit 2 places et un salon équipé d'un canapé lit 2 place très confortable. Je privilégie l'accueil de famille avec enfants.	C'est un appartement familial avec, une grande chambre d'enfants, composée d'un lit superposé et d'un lit bébé, une chambre avec un grand lit 2 places et un salon équipé d'un canapé lit 2 place très confortable. Je privilégie l'accueil de famille avec enfants. Nos hôtes auront accès à tout notre confort sans restriction. Je parle mal anglais. Le cœur du Paris éternel bat dans ce quartier historique autour duquel la ville s'est construite.
20768	Our place is inspired from our travels and designed with love and care.  It is one bedroom apartment with renovated bathroom, cozy lounge area, dining area and a parisian style kitchen with all things necessary for comfortable stay. Kitchen equipment - coffee machine, oven and laundry washing machine. Place is perfect for 2 people, but can accommodate comfortably 3 people. The apartment in located in the Latin Quartier, walking distance from the most beautiful and popular places in Paris.  It is great to experience the real parisian lifestyle in the area - with plenty of cafes, restaurants, patisseries, gardens and markets.  There is food market 3 times a week just downstairs, also several grocery shops (supermarkets) minutes away. The neighbourhood is clean, very safe and cozy and takes just 15 minutes to walk to Notre Dame (12 mins to the Luxemburg gardens and 3 mins to Jardin des Plants). Place is next to the Place Monge metro station (line 7).  The apartment in located in the Latin	Our home is created with love, in perfect location to enjoy Parisian lifestyle, steps away from Jardin des Plantes, rue Mouffetard, Panteon,Luxemburg garden. Market downstairs offers 3 times a week the best quality food, flowers and delicacies.Enjoy! Our place is inspired from our travels and designed with love and care.  It is one bedroom apartment with renovated bathroom, cozy lounge area, dining area and a parisian style kitchen with all things necessary for comfortable stay. Kitchen equipment - coffee machine, oven and laundry washing machine. Place is perfect for 2 people, but can accommodate comfortably 3 people. The apartment in located in the Latin Quartier, walking distance from the most beautiful and popular places in Paris.  It is great to experience the real parisian lifestyle in the area - with plenty of cafes, restaurants, patisseries, gardens and markets.  There is food market 3 times a week just downstairs, also several grocery shops (supermarkets) minutes away. The nei
20769	Magnifique appartement style parisien moulure et cheminée. Vue sur Notre-Dame et le Sacré Coeur, calme, aucun vis-à-vis, seul les oiseaux et les cloches de Notre Dame viendront perturber la tranquillité du lieu!  Beautiful very parisian flat. Nice view on Notre Dame and the Sacré-Coeur, very quiet, no vis-a-vis, only the birds and Notre Dame Church's bells will disturb your tranquility.  Metro 10 et 7 en bas de l'appartement. Différents bus. A proximité: Notre dame, Jardin du Luxembourg, Panthéon, jardin des Plantes, Museum d'histoire naturelle, Institut du Monde Arabe... Tous ça a moins de 10min à pieds !!! Metro lines 10 and 7 very close  Numerous bus lines Ten minutes walk : Notre Dame, Jardin du Luxembourg, Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes, Museum d'histoire naturelle, Institut du Monde Arabe... En plein quartier latin, balladez vous dans la chaude ambiance de la rue Mouffetard ou dans le calme des anciennes arènes de Lutece et du jardin des plantes. Nombreux restaurants, cinémas, comm	Magnifique appartement style parisien moulure et cheminée. Vue sur Notre-Dame et le Sacré Coeur, calme, aucun vis-à-vis, seul les oiseaux et les cloches de Notre Dame viendront perturber la tranquillité du lieu!  Beautiful very parisian flat. Nice view on Notre Dame and the Sacré-Coeur, very quiet, no vis-a-vis, only the birds and Notre Dame Church's bells will disturb your tranquility.  Metro 10 et 7 en bas de l'appartement. Différents bus. A proximité: Notre dame, Jardin du Luxembourg, Panthéon, jardin des Plantes, Museum d'histoire naturelle, Institut du Monde Arabe... Tous ça a moins de 10min à pieds !!! Metro lines 10 and 7 very close  Numerous bus lines Ten minutes walk : Notre Dame, Jardin du Luxembourg, Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes, Museum d'histoire naturelle, Institut du Monde Arabe... En plein quartier latin, balladez vous dans la chaude ambiance de la rue Mouffetard ou dans le calme des anciennes arènes de Lutece et du jardin des plantes. Nombreux restaurants, cinémas, comm
20770	A very romantic studio for two, located in the heart of Paris. The studio is located on the 4th floor of a historical building. It   was recently refurnished. There is all necessary equipment in the studio (a kitchenette with refrigerator, washing machine, bathroom, furniture, telephone, internet). Parisian charm, marvellous balcony. 	A very romantic studio for two, located in the heart of Paris. The studio is located on the 4th floor of a historical building. It   was recently refurnished. There is all necessary equipment in the studio (a kitchenette with refrigerator, washing machine, bathroom, furniture, telephone, internet). Parisian charm, marvellous balcony.  Central location (next to Pantheon, 3 minutes from the Jardin du Luxembourg). Next to all central sightseeings. Next to many restaurants. 
20771	Petit mais fonctionnel et tout mignon. Ideal pour 1-2 personnes qui veulent un sejour romantique a Paris. Le studio est équipé : - d'une kitchenette avec un petit réfrigérateur, micro-onde, vaisselle,  -d'un lit simple déplié en lit double 160cm x 190cm. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis, -d'une salle d'eau avec une douche et un vrai WC, -d'une table murale avec 2 chaises, -de l'internet Wifi illimité. 	Idéalement situé en plein cœur de Paris, dans une petite rue, à côté de la rue Mouffetard et du Jardin des Plantes, à deux pas du métro Place Monge (ligne 7) ou métro Cardinal Lemoine (ligne 10), au 2ème étage sans ascenseur sur rue calme Petit mais fonctionnel et tout mignon. Ideal pour 1-2 personnes qui veulent un sejour romantique a Paris. Le studio est équipé : - d'une kitchenette avec un petit réfrigérateur, micro-onde, vaisselle,  -d'un lit simple déplié en lit double 160cm x 190cm. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis, -d'une salle d'eau avec une douche et un vrai WC, -d'une table murale avec 2 chaises, -de l'internet Wifi illimité. Métro ligne 7 (Place Monge) / Métro ligne 10 (Cardinal Lemoine) /Bus 47 (station Monge) -la nuit, par les lignes N15 et N22 du réseau Noctilien. Par mail et téléphone. Je ne serai pas présente dans le logement pendant le séjour de mes voyageurs. -un quartier étudiant, très animé, parmi les plus anciens de Paris. En plus la rue Mouffetard, c'est où le
20772	télé équiper, internet , cuisine , vaisselle, lit 90*200	Studette 10m2 à côté de la Place du Panthéon, tout près du Jardin Luxembourg et le quartier Latin Mouffetard. Douche à l'intérieur, toilette sur pallier. Studette au 6eme etage sans ascenseur . RER B Luxembourg, métro L7 Place Monge à 5min. télé équiper, internet , cuisine , vaisselle, lit 90*200 Quartier Latin Mouffetard, Carrefour a 50m ouvert 7/7 , restaurant et brasserie,boulangerie et nombreux commerces à côte . Quartier bien sécuriser, à cote la Mairie 5eme RER B Luxembourg, Metro L7 Place Monge , Metro L10 Maubert Mutualité ,  Bus 89 pour aller à Montparnasse, bus 84 pour aller à Concorde, bus 38 pour aller a Notre Dame de Paris, bus 21,27 pour aller à Chatelet , musse du Louvre , Opera , Bus 85 pour aller a Montmartre Sacre Coeur . Station Velib au pied de l'immeuble. Loyer minimum 3nuits
20773	Lumineuxet et charmant ,au cinquième étage avec balcon, ascenseur, cuisine avec fenêtre : frigidaire,congélateur,broyeur micro-onde ,bouilloire ,cafetière , plaque cuisson... Salle de bain avec douche. chambre lit double, placards avec miroirs er décorés de beaux tableaux, porte fenêtre donnant sur le balcon. Séjour : divan lit, télévision, chaîne hifi, internet gratuit Wi Fi meublé et décoré avec charme, 3 portes fenêtres ouvrant sur le balcon où il y a une table et des chaises. L'eau de l'appartement est raitée par filtres, l'eau est donc très douce pour la peau et le lavage Agréable pour loger 3 personnes un lit double  dans la chambre et dans le séjour divan lit de 140 cm confortable pour une personne Nombreux bus n° (phone number hidden)   métro CENSIER DAUBENTON ligne 7. C'est un quartier très vivant, nombreux reataurants: italiens, grecques vietnamien chinois, thailandais...et français. Supermarchés, épiceries fine, fromagers, fruitiers, boucheries, poissonniers, boulangeries, p	Lumineux, charmant cuisine séparée avec une fenêtre  Balcon sur toute la longueur du séjour et de la chambre 4 portes fenêtres avec double vitrage Quartier très sympathique avec la possibilité de trouver le nécessaire au moins après 23 heures Lumineuxet et charmant ,au cinquième étage avec balcon, ascenseur, cuisine avec fenêtre : frigidaire,congélateur,broyeur micro-onde ,bouilloire ,cafetière , plaque cuisson... Salle de bain avec douche. chambre lit double, placards avec miroirs er décorés de beaux tableaux, porte fenêtre donnant sur le balcon. Séjour : divan lit, télévision, chaîne hifi, internet gratuit Wi Fi meublé et décoré avec charme, 3 portes fenêtres ouvrant sur le balcon où il y a une table et des chaises. L'eau de l'appartement est raitée par filtres, l'eau est donc très douce pour la peau et le lavage Agréable pour loger 3 personnes un lit double  dans la chambre et dans le séjour divan lit de 140 cm confortable pour une personne Nombreux bus n° (phone number hidden)   mé
20774	Little house	Hello, I rent my all little house, 30 square meters with mezzanine in the 5 nd of Paris, closed to Panthéon And Luxembourg garden. Very comfortable with high height of ceiling ( 6 meters).
20775	Bright apartment, 34 sqm, on the fourth floor overlooking a nice place. Can accommodate four. It consists of: - a corridor with a closet/dressing - the living room: a sofa bed (140x190) a coffee table, an armchair, a HD TV, DVD, WIFI / broadband Internet connection; the living room is overlooking the place. - the dining space with a table and four chairs in the living room; - the kitchen is fully equipped with 3 rings hob, an microwave owen, a fridge, cooker, kettle, and everything you need to cook; - the bedroom with a double bed (140*190), side tables and a desk; - the bathroom : shower, one sink, toilets, hair dryer. The linen is provided.	Five minutes walk from Arènes de Lutèce, Place de la Contrescarpe and 10 minutes from Notre Dame this bright apartment will meet your expectations. Bright apartment, 34 sqm, on the fourth floor overlooking a nice place. Can accommodate four. It consists of: - a corridor with a closet/dressing - the living room: a sofa bed (140x190) a coffee table, an armchair, a HD TV, DVD, WIFI / broadband Internet connection; the living room is overlooking the place. - the dining space with a table and four chairs in the living room; - the kitchen is fully equipped with 3 rings hob, an microwave owen, a fridge, cooker, kettle, and everything you need to cook; - the bedroom with a double bed (140*190), side tables and a desk; - the bathroom : shower, one sink, toilets, hair dryer. The linen is provided.
20776	Lovely apartement in the heart of the Quartier Latin. One bedroom (double bed) and a livingroom with a sofa, a table for 4-6, a desk, an equiped kitchen... Internet is working! The street is quiet and so is the apartment. Across the windows you'll see the beautiful building Collège des Bernardins.  The bathroom has one shower and the toilets are separated. The apartment is on the 4th floor.  All around in the neighborhood, lots of movie theaters, restaurants and bars, the river Seine and Notre Dame, 300 meters away. The nearest metro stations are Maubert Mutualité and Cardinal Lemoine, on line 10. 	Lovely flat in the center of Paris (Notre-Dame, Panthéon...). You'll enjoy a calm, cosy place to live in and a pretty view on an ancient church. At a walking distance from many historical places, touristic sites, shops, food markets, bars... Lovely apartement in the heart of the Quartier Latin. One bedroom (double bed) and a livingroom with a sofa, a table for 4-6, a desk, an equiped kitchen... Internet is working! The street is quiet and so is the apartment. Across the windows you'll see the beautiful building Collège des Bernardins.  The bathroom has one shower and the toilets are separated. The apartment is on the 4th floor.  All around in the neighborhood, lots of movie theaters, restaurants and bars, the river Seine and Notre Dame, 300 meters away. The nearest metro stations are Maubert Mutualité and Cardinal Lemoine, on line 10. You'll have access to everything that's in the flat ( books in 4 languages, music and DVD included) You can help yourself with tea, spices, olive oil, pa
20777	A very charming studio that has everything you need to have a comfortable stay in Paris. The kitchenette is equipped with a 2 burner electric stovetop, fridge, toaster oven and microwave. Beautiful light comes in from the large window and the bathroom is fully equipped with toilet, sink and shower with detachable nozzle. Live/sleep space has a double futon, movable side tables, a moveable sideboard shelves and a beautiful chimney with mirror and large window.	Adorable studio in the Latin Quarter of Paris! Please check my other listing for Reviews and recommendations! A very charming studio that has everything you need to have a comfortable stay in Paris. The kitchenette is equipped with a 2 burner electric stovetop, fridge, toaster oven and microwave. Beautiful light comes in from the large window and the bathroom is fully equipped with toilet, sink and shower with detachable nozzle. Live/sleep space has a double futon, movable side tables, a moveable sideboard shelves and a beautiful chimney with mirror and large window. All of Paris! C'est tres jolie! I try to be available and meet guests needs as much as I can. I always want you to be as comfortable as possible. It's close to everything! From the famous Rue Mouffetard, with the best fromageries, boulangeries, restaurants, and bars.  The jardin du Luxembourg (Where I work out!) is close,!as is the Jardin Des Plantes, pantheon and more! I really love my neighborhood and am happy to be shar
20778	AMENITIES: - 2 double bedrooms - A comfortable living/dining area with a sofa bed - Washing machine, tumble dryer and hairdryer provided - Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience. This apartment is located on the 3rd floor without an elevator. The apartment has 2 double bedrooms, each with inbuilt closet space and full-length mirrors. Both rooms have adjustable blinds and double glazed windows for night time as well as bedside lamps and tables and are fit for 2 people in each room. The light and spacious living area has a comfortable leather sofa, which can be pulled out to accommodate a fifth person if necessary. There is a large flat screen TV with a mix of French, English and foreign language channels. The living area also has a dining table that accommodates 4 people with ease, so that you can enjoy meals together in the apartment if	5th Arrondissement Latin Quarter Apartment  2 Bedrooms,1 Bathroom, 1 Living Room, 1 Kitchen, Sleeps 5 AMENITIES: - 2 double bedrooms - A comfortable living/dining area with a sofa bed - Washing machine, tumble dryer and hairdryer provided - Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience. This apartment is located on the 3rd floor without an elevator. The apartment has 2 double bedrooms, each with inbuilt closet space and full-length mirrors. Both rooms have adjustable blinds and double glazed windows for night time as well as bedside lamps and tables and are fit for 2 people in each room. The light and spacious living area has a comfortable leather sofa, which can be pulled out to accommodate a fifth person if necessary. There is a large flat screen TV with a mix of French, English and foreign language channels. The living area also has a dinin
20779		Studio cosy à 2 pas du Luxembourg, du Panthéon et 5mn du quartier Latin. Calme, lumineux et tout équipé; il est parfait pour votre séjour dans la capitale. Il est idéalement situé, proche de tous commerces, du rerB, du metro et de bus.
20780	Room on the 6th floor, small but with a lot of charm.  For 1 person : single bed (90x190).  Small office, library, storage suitable for 1 person.  The room is equipped with a shower but toilets are in the corridor.  NO KITCHEN. But you have a kettle with cup and mini fridge and micro-wave.	Chambre indépendante sous les toits dans le Marais : au cœur du Paris historique, entre Place des Vosges, Ile Saint-Louis et Bastille. Idéal pour pour une escapade amoureuse, culturelle  ou un séjour d'étudiant dans le plus beau quartier de Paris. Room on the 6th floor, small but with a lot of charm.  For 1 person : single bed (90x190).  Small office, library, storage suitable for 1 person.  The room is equipped with a shower but toilets are in the corridor.  NO KITCHEN. But you have a kettle with cup and mini fridge and micro-wave. 6 floor WHITOUT lift Durant tout votre séjour je reste disponible par téléphone ou mail. Idéalement située au cœur de Paris, vous êtes à moins de 5mn à pied de la Place des Vosges, de l'île St-Louis, de Bastille, du Port de l'Arsenal, de Notre-Dame, etc... Métro Ligne 1 / 7 / 5 / 8 Nombreux bus Near Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz
20781	Vous apprécierez ce spacieux 2 pièces qui a été totalement rénové en février 2013.  Il est composé d'un séjour équipé d'un canapé d'angle où vous pourrez vous relaxer devant la télévision. La cuisine ouverte sur le salon est totalement équipée. Vous pourrez prendre vos repas sur le bar prévu à cet effet. Vous trouverez toute la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine dont vous pourrez avoir besoin pendant votre séjour, ainsi qu'une machine à laver le linge. Pour votre café, nous vous fournissons gracieusement des capsules pour la machine Nespresso Vous profiterez du calme de cet appartement de par sa situation donnant sur une petite rue peut passante tout en pouvant bénéficier de l'animation du quartier du Luxembourg et du Panthéon. . Pour vos soirées vous aurez le choix entre de nombreux restaurants, n'hésitez pas à nous demander nos bonnes adresses, elles ne manquent pas dans le quartier. Pour vos déplacements dans Paris, vous pouvez utiliser la ligne 7 du métro de la station Censier 	Cet appartement très calme est situé à proximité immédiate du Luxembourg et du Panthéon. Il est également proche de l'Ecole Normale Supérieure Il propose 4 couchages, une cuisine équipée et tout le confort moderne Vous apprécierez ce spacieux 2 pièces qui a été totalement rénové en février 2013.  Il est composé d'un séjour équipé d'un canapé d'angle où vous pourrez vous relaxer devant la télévision. La cuisine ouverte sur le salon est totalement équipée. Vous pourrez prendre vos repas sur le bar prévu à cet effet. Vous trouverez toute la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine dont vous pourrez avoir besoin pendant votre séjour, ainsi qu'une machine à laver le linge. Pour votre café, nous vous fournissons gracieusement des capsules pour la machine Nespresso Vous profiterez du calme de cet appartement de par sa situation donnant sur une petite rue peut passante tout en pouvant bénéficier de l'animation du quartier du Luxembourg et du Panthéon. . Pour vos soirées vous aurez le choix entre
20782	The studio has just been fully renovated. It is clear, compact and very comfortable for two. It consists of: - Pleasant and relaxing sleeping area in mezzanine. Very comfortable double bed (slatted bed and latex mattress). Sheets and duvet provided. Plenty of space under the mezzanine ceiling. Lamps, hi-fi,  TV / DVD (optional). Storage. - Bathroom with massage shower and overhead light. Comfortable toilet. Radiator and heated towel rail in the bathroom. Towels provided. - Kitchen corner equipped with refrigerator (including freezer compartment), ceramic hob and extractor hood, microwave oven. Cutlery, dishes and cookware provided. - Living area with convertible sofa. - Balcony overlooking the Paris rooftops Matching decoration and paintings. Broadband internet available. Baby cot bed available on demand. Washer dryer accessible in a separate area for stays of more than 7 days. The studio is located on the 6th floor of the building. There is an elevator in the building, although it doe	This studio in the vibrant and historic Latin Quarter is a great place to base a trip to Paris.  It boasts a very comfortable mezzanine double bed and skyview shower, high speed internet access, and a charming balcony with Paris rooftop views. The studio has just been fully renovated. It is clear, compact and very comfortable for two. It consists of: - Pleasant and relaxing sleeping area in mezzanine. Very comfortable double bed (slatted bed and latex mattress). Sheets and duvet provided. Plenty of space under the mezzanine ceiling. Lamps, hi-fi,  TV / DVD (optional). Storage. - Bathroom with massage shower and overhead light. Comfortable toilet. Radiator and heated towel rail in the bathroom. Towels provided. - Kitchen corner equipped with refrigerator (including freezer compartment), ceramic hob and extractor hood, microwave oven. Cutlery, dishes and cookware provided. - Living area with convertible sofa. - Balcony overlooking the Paris rooftops Matching decoration and paintings. Bro
20783	"Bonjour, Hello,  I rent a cute apartment (40 m2) in quiet street of the 5rd district of paris, situated in the heart Paris, two minute by walk from ""rue Mouffetard"", ""jardin des Plantes"", also close to Panthéon, the Latin Quarter and the river Seine. The metro station is ""Saint-Marcel"" or ""Gobelins"" line 5 or 7. You can find a lot of bars, restaurants, supermarket, a beautiful parc (jardin des Plantes), shops and a lot of places to visit in the area !  Means of transport are close : they are many bus stops nearby the apartment (27, 47, 91). It is at 100 meters from a Metro station, it's very easy to come from everywere. A double bed in the bedroom and a double sofa bed in the living room. The fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator, a micro-wave, an stove top, an oven, dishwasher. The bathroom features a shower and a washing machine.  Wifi include ! Sheets and towels are provided.  Have a nice stay See you soon ;)  à bientôt ! Antoine"	"Bonjour, Hello,  I rent a cute apartment (40 m2) in quiet street of the 5rd district of paris, situated in the heart Paris, two minute by walk from ""rue Mouffetard"", ""jardin des Plantes"", also close to Panthéon, the Latin Quarter and the river Seine. The metro station is ""Saint-Marcel"" or ""Gobelins"" line 5 or 7. You can find a lot of bars, restaurants, supermarket, a beautiful parc (jardin des Plantes), shops and a lot of places to visit in the area !  Means of transport are close : they are many bus stops nearby the apartment (27, 47, 91). It is at 100 meters from a Metro station, it's very easy to come from everywere. A double bed in the bedroom and a double sofa bed in the living room. The fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator, a micro-wave, an stove top, an oven, dishwasher. The bathroom features a shower and a washing machine.  Wifi include ! Sheets and towels are provided.  Have a nice stay See you soon ;)  à bientôt ! Antoine"
20784	"Ideally located in the very centre of Paris (10 mn to the Pantheon), this lovely and spacious flat is a perfect place to stay in for Paris lovers and families. The flat is surrounded by nice restaurants, stores, cafés, live music bars, in a historical area of Paris. jusqu'à 6 personnes et 4 chambres indépendantes entièrement équipé (électro ménager, hifi, internet) un quartier central et historique métro et nombreuses stations de bus à proximité fourniture de bon plan, conseil ""locaux"" pour un séjour unique un quartier historique, central avec le charme d'être à la fois largement habité par des familles, étudiants et une forte présence de petits commerces, bars, restaurants... Métro Place Monge"	"Ideally located in the very centre of Paris (10 mn to the Pantheon), this lovely and spacious flat is a perfect place to stay in for Paris lovers and families. The flat is surrounded by nice restaurants, stores, cafés, live music bars, in a historical area of Paris. Ideally located in the very centre of Paris (10 mn to the Pantheon), this lovely and spacious flat is a perfect place to stay in for Paris lovers and families. The flat is surrounded by nice restaurants, stores, cafés, live music bars, in a historical area of Paris. jusqu'à 6 personnes et 4 chambres indépendantes entièrement équipé (électro ménager, hifi, internet) un quartier central et historique métro et nombreuses stations de bus à proximité fourniture de bon plan, conseil ""locaux"" pour un séjour unique un quartier historique, central avec le charme d'être à la fois largement habité par des familles, étudiants et une forte présence de petits commerces, bars, restaurants... Métro Place Monge un quartier central et histor"
20785	I am subletting my 'home sweet home' for the short period I'll be away.  It's a very neat studio in the heart of the Quartier Latin. You will enjoy the flair of the rue Mouffetard and it's surroundings. You will live a real parisian lifestyle and will feel like in a village in the middle of the city. You will find anything you need around: restaurants, nice local shops, cinema, groceries. On the weekend you'll enjoy the market and it's atmosphere with the musicians and dancers who often perform there.  You'll be very close to anywhere in Paris; Either by metro which is 5mn walk from the apartment  ( censier daubenton or Place Monge, Line 7 or Cardinal Lemoine line10), or by feet walking through different areas. You are very close to Le Pantheon, La sorbonne, St Michel,  Le Jardin des Plantes, St Germain, Notre Dame... My apartment is a one-bed room fully furnished. As this is the one I am currently live in, I will rent it with my personal belongings. I will appreciate to handle it to s	I am subletting my 'home sweet home' for the short period I'll be away.  It's a very neat studio in the heart of the Quartier Latin. You will enjoy the flair of the rue Mouffetard and it's surroundings. You will live a real parisian lifestyle and will feel like in a village in the middle of the city. You will find anything you need around: restaurants, nice local shops, cinema, groceries. On the weekend you'll enjoy the market and it's atmosphere with the musicians and dancers who often perform there.  You'll be very close to anywhere in Paris; Either by metro which is 5mn walk from the apartment  ( censier daubenton or Place Monge, Line 7 or Cardinal Lemoine line10), or by feet walking through different areas. You are very close to Le Pantheon, La sorbonne, St Michel,  Le Jardin des Plantes, St Germain, Notre Dame... My apartment is a one-bed room fully furnished. As this is the one I am currently live in, I will rent it with my personal belongings. I will appreciate to handle it to s
20786	The apartment is located in a nice, quiet and sunny courtyard. The only noise is the chants of birds in the morning.  It is like a mini-house, with wood floors, beams, and stairs.   You enter into the foyer, followed by the dining room which has a mezzanine that is decorated with works of art and flowers (and which is just for the view as it is not accessible.)   Four steps lead you up to the living room, the kitchen, the bathroom and a very big alcove with a sofa bed and wardrobe.  The second staircase leads you to a large bedroom, which has an office area which includes a printer, a big desk where you can use your computer, a wifi router, a mini stereo and a TV. If you have a child younger than 6 with you, it is possible to install an extra bed for a child.	Like mini-house of 75 square meters : wood floors, beams, stairs on a pretty courtyard 2 copples and a youg child can live easyly. In Quartier Latin, close Rue Mouffetard, Jardin des Plantes, Bd St Germain.  3mn from Subway (2 lines) The apartment is located in a nice, quiet and sunny courtyard. The only noise is the chants of birds in the morning.  It is like a mini-house, with wood floors, beams, and stairs.   You enter into the foyer, followed by the dining room which has a mezzanine that is decorated with works of art and flowers (and which is just for the view as it is not accessible.)   Four steps lead you up to the living room, the kitchen, the bathroom and a very big alcove with a sofa bed and wardrobe.  The second staircase leads you to a large bedroom, which has an office area which includes a printer, a big desk where you can use your computer, a wifi router, a mini stereo and a TV. If you have a child younger than 6 with you, it is possible to install an extra bed for a chi
20787	"In the capital of love and romantism, you are going to appreciate this very new independant apartment is located few metres far from the metro and few hundred metres far from Boulevard St Germain, Seine river , Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, Mouffetard et Quartier Latin (10 minutes walk) ! It is a lovely area !  1st floor of an historic and very quiet building (absolutely no noise from street) Kitchen with fridge, separated bathroom All utilities are included , INTERNET (wifi), electric heating  All furnished, sheets, towels and flatware supplied. Beds: 2 big bed (2 people), and 2 sofa bed (2 people). 1 extra mattress. Transport  Metro : Station CARDINAL LEMOINE (50 meters far) RER : St Michel / Notre Dame (1000 meters) Numerous buses, taxi station, Transport to the airport and railway stations : few hundred metres Public bikes : ""Velib"" station Within 100 meters... 2 supermarkets, 6 Restaurants, few bars, 2 bakeries next door, groceries, dry-cleaner, hair dresser,  etc... If you need "	"In the capital of love and romantism, you are going to appreciate this very new independant apartment is located few metres far from the metro and few hundred metres far from Boulevard St Germain, Seine river , Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, Mouffetard et Quartier Latin (10 minutes walk) ! It is a lovely area !  1st floor of an historic and very quiet building (absolutely no noise from street) Kitchen with fridge, separated bathroom All utilities are included , INTERNET (wifi), electric heating  All furnished, sheets, towels and flatware supplied. Beds: 2 big bed (2 people), and 2 sofa bed (2 people). 1 extra mattress. Transport  Metro : Station CARDINAL LEMOINE (50 meters far) RER : St Michel / Notre Dame (1000 meters) Numerous buses, taxi station, Transport to the airport and railway stations : few hundred metres Public bikes : ""Velib"" station Within 100 meters... 2 supermarkets, 6 Restaurants, few bars, 2 bakeries next door, groceries, dry-cleaner, hair dresser,  etc... If you need "
20788	Located on the 5th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by two gates with codes and a third with an intercom. The apartment is very bright. Both bedrooms windows offer a clear view. The living-room has a lovely flowered balcony overlooking the street. This beautiful 85 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms, it can accommodate up to five people. The lobby serves first of all the living / dining room, a beautiful and spacious bright room with two bay windows, one of which opens on a balcony from where you can observe the street and enjoy the sun. During spring and summer, you will love to see these flowered plants on the balcony. The lounge area has comfortable sofas and leather armchairs. A single bed 80×190 has been installed in a recess near the bay window. This space will be perfect to read or relax. Curtains allow you to isolate yourself from the rest of the room. The dining table can accommodate up to six guests. The kitchen is very well equipped, it is accessib	Spacious 85 sqm 2-bedroom apartment to rent in the Latin Quarter, right next to the Place de la Contrescarpe, between the Panthéon and the Arènes de Lutèces, perfect to discover Paris by foot ! Luminous, quiet bedrooms, spacious and very comfortable  Located on the 5th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by two gates with codes and a third with an intercom. The apartment is very bright. Both bedrooms windows offer a clear view. The living-room has a lovely flowered balcony overlooking the street. This beautiful 85 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms, it can accommodate up to five people. The lobby serves first of all the living / dining room, a beautiful and spacious bright room with two bay windows, one of which opens on a balcony from where you can observe the street and enjoy the sun. During spring and summer, you will love to see these flowered plants on the balcony. The lounge area has comfortable sofas and leather armchairs. A single bed 80×190 has been ins
20789	a two beds room. 12m2 .very well located in the 5th district of paris, with paintings and sculptures of the hostess and her friends.The 5th district is one pof the most ''chic'' and secure in Paris,with the very typical''quartier Mouffetard, like a small village where you can find a real french market and lots of shops and restaurants. Several busses and metros to take you everywhere in Paris (bus 67 to Pigalle and Sacré Coeur, bus 91 to Montparnasse, metro line 7 to Opéra and big stores ...).Near from jardin des plantes where you can make your footing  and jardin du Luxembourg,The river Seine near by and Notre Dame15mn by feet..Lots of shops, cinemas, bowling ,restaurants and lots of things to do around. The room is very quiet and you can hear the birds in the early morning.Wifi,games,music. Towells and hair dryer. The kitchen can be used to take breakfast in the morning. Smokers welcome	5th district of paris, with paintings and sculptures of the hostess and her friends.The room is very bright and calm.The district is one of the most ''chic'' and secure in Paris,with the very typical''quartier Mouffetard, like a small village  a two beds room. 12m2 .very well located in the 5th district of paris, with paintings and sculptures of the hostess and her friends.The 5th district is one pof the most ''chic'' and secure in Paris,with the very typical''quartier Mouffetard, like a small village where you can find a real french market and lots of shops and restaurants. Several busses and metros to take you everywhere in Paris (bus 67 to Pigalle and Sacré Coeur, bus 91 to Montparnasse, metro line 7 to Opéra and big stores ...).Near from jardin des plantes where you can make your footing  and jardin du Luxembourg,The river Seine near by and Notre Dame15mn by feet..Lots of shops, cinemas, bowling ,restaurants and lots of things to do around. The room is very quiet and you can hear t
20790		Charmant 2 pces, situé au pied de la rue Mouffetard, à deux pas du Panthéon. Au cœur d'un quartier très commerçant et typiquement parisien. À 3min à pied des métros Censier Daubenton et Gobelins. Accès rapide et facile aux gares parisiennes. Idéal couple (couchage enfant et bébé possible)
20791	Cosy double room apartment in a quiet residential street in Central Paris. The apartment has a fuly equiped kitchen and a spacious living room (can accomodate up to 2 people), the double bedroom is upstairs in the messanine with the bathroom.	Cosy double room apartment in a quiet residential street in Central Paris. The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen and a spacious living room (can accomodate up to 2 people), the double bedroom is upstairs in the messanine with small bathroom. Cosy double room apartment in a quiet residential street in Central Paris. The apartment has a fuly equiped kitchen and a spacious living room (can accomodate up to 2 people), the double bedroom is upstairs in the messanine with the bathroom. The neighbourhood is one of the most trendy, most student-friendly areas in Paris, lively at night but not excessively loud. Metro station is next door to the apartment and the area has an excellent bus route coverage.
20792	The apartment is composed of a large and bright living/ dining area with a family table, perfect to enjoy a nice french dinner. But also an equipped kitchen, a double bedroom with a bathroom, a bedroom with two bunk beds , an office/bedroom with a sofa bed and  a separated toilet.	"Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, with an easy access to public transportations allowing you to reach every touristic locations very quickly, the apartment is part of a secure Haussmanien building and allows up to 6 people to live in. The apartment is composed of a large and bright living/ dining area with a family table, perfect to enjoy a nice french dinner. But also an equipped kitchen, a double bedroom with a bathroom, a bedroom with two bunk beds , an office/bedroom with a sofa bed and  a separated toilet. by email The neighborhood is very dynamic without being too noisy. Five minutes away by walking you can enjoy the famous ""Jardin des plantes"", and the Seine, perfect for a nice walk. The famous Mouffetard street, 10 minutes away by walking, is really nice and so typical. Do not hesitate to enjoy all of it by bike, a station to rent them is just next home. For a more serious touch, you are also next to the national museum of natural history, nice for every age. Bus: 67, "
20793	The 2 rooms apartment is suitable for 4 persons, with one double bed in the bed room (140x200) and one comfortable convertible coach in the living room (140x200). The open kitchen is fully equipped to allow you to cook and eat. Laundry washing machine available. Storage cupbords available for your personal effects. Entire apartment with free wifi, linen and towels provided.  We will welcome our visitors when they arrive. We remain available if they need anything during their stay. The 5ème arrondissement in the Quartier Latin is located in the heart of Paris. All around the appartment you will find cafés, restaurants, supermarkets and bakeries. 5 minutes walk and you will arrive to the relaxing Jardin des plantes with the famous Natural History museum, to the Lutèce rooms or to the rue Mouffetard with its market, french treats and typical shopping. You can easely reach all the other touristy places by velib' (self-service bikes system), bus or subway. The closest stops : Censier/Dauban	2 rooms apt in a charming XIXth century building located in a quiet Quartier Latin street, Paris 5ème. 2nd floor with elevator, 1 bedroom, living room with fireplace, open fully equiped kitchen, 1 batroom. Perfect apartment for parisian holidays ! The 2 rooms apartment is suitable for 4 persons, with one double bed in the bed room (140x200) and one comfortable convertible coach in the living room (140x200). The open kitchen is fully equipped to allow you to cook and eat. Laundry washing machine available. Storage cupbords available for your personal effects. Entire apartment with free wifi, linen and towels provided.  We will welcome our visitors when they arrive. We remain available if they need anything during their stay. The 5ème arrondissement in the Quartier Latin is located in the heart of Paris. All around the appartment you will find cafés, restaurants, supermarkets and bakeries. 5 minutes walk and you will arrive to the relaxing Jardin des plantes with the famous Natural Histo
20794	"Parquet floor, mezzanine, storage, simple decoration, staircase / library. Separate shower and a corner bar ""food"". Kitchenette: Fridge, electric stove, kettle.  Internet. Toilet on the landing, very clean, shared with another tenant.  Lively neighborhood, restaurants, cinemas, universities. 5 minutes from Notre Dame, the Jardin des Plantes, the Sorbonne, the Pantheon. Keypads, very friendly caretaker. "	"Sited on the 6 th floor, facing south facing garden. Clear and not overlooked, balcony, beautiful sunsets.  Simple decoration, staircase / library. Separate shower and a corner bar ""food"". Toilet on the landing, very clean, shared with another tenant Parquet floor, mezzanine, storage, simple decoration, staircase / library. Separate shower and a corner bar ""food"". Kitchenette: Fridge, electric stove, kettle.  Internet. Toilet on the landing, very clean, shared with another tenant.  Lively neighborhood, restaurants, cinemas, universities. 5 minutes from Notre Dame, the Jardin des Plantes, the Sorbonne, the Pantheon. Keypads, very friendly caretaker.  Une clef, un logement, une belle vue. Je serais présente pour vous accueillir et disponible pour vous donner quelques conseils. I will be here to welcome you and explain to you how to make things easy. La seine, restaurants, cinémas, Mosqué de Paris, Jardin des plantes, librairies, arènes de Lutèce, Jardin du Luxembourg. Métro le plus proch"
20795	"Immeuble situé en face d'une petite place avec une fontaine, à deux pas du Panthéon et à 100m des prestigieux jardins du Luxembourg.  Le quartier de Saint Germain est à quelques minutes à pied également.  Il y a de très nombreux commerces et de bonnes tables à proximité.  Le quartier est agréable, joli et calme.  De la Gare du Nord, prendre le RER B en direction de ""robinson"" jusqu'à l'arrêt ""Luxembourg"" (3 arrêts). Comptez 20 min Possibilité de loger une troisième personne pour un supplément de 35 euros par nuit.  "	"Immeuble situé en face d'une petite place avec une fontaine, à deux pas du Panthéon et à 100m des prestigieux jardins du Luxembourg.  Le quartier de Saint Germain est à quelques minutes à pied également.  Il y a de très nombreux commerces et de bonnes tables à proximité.  Le quartier est agréable, joli et calme.  De la Gare du Nord, prendre le RER B en direction de ""robinson"" jusqu'à l'arrêt ""Luxembourg"" (3 arrêts). Comptez 20 min Possibilité de loger une troisième personne pour un supplément de 35 euros par nuit.  De la Gare du Nord, prendre le RER B en direction de ""robinson"" jusqu'à l'arrêt ""Luxembourg"" (3 arrêts). Comptez 20 min. De l'aéroport Roissy Charles De Gaulle, il y a le RER B qui est direct jusqu'à Luxembourg. "
20796		A charming and cosy one-bedroom apartment in a poignantly lovely part of Latin Quarter. Notre-Dame is right down the hill, the Luxembourg gardens 5 minutes away.  Seriously, la rue Tournefort might be the most livable and lovable street in the city.
20797	The apartment is located in a 18thcentury house just along Jardin des Plantes in Quartier Latin. At the first floor onn a quiet yard, the flat is perfect for 2 ou 3 no-smokers  people  with : - foyer with wardrobe,  - living room with a single bed and a big desk whe you can use your computer (wifi), - large bedroom with dubble bed -bashroom (with shower) -kitchen fully equiped (wash machin, fridge, table for 3 people)	This flat (of 38m2) is located in a house along Jardin des Plantes, at the first floor, on a yard with wood floor, chiminies fire, hight ceiling and wifi. In Quartier Latin et very closed from every place with 2 lines of metro and many buses. The apartment is located in a 18thcentury house just along Jardin des Plantes in Quartier Latin. At the first floor onn a quiet yard, the flat is perfect for 2 ou 3 no-smokers  people  with : - foyer with wardrobe,  - living room with a single bed and a big desk whe you can use your computer (wifi), - large bedroom with dubble bed -bashroom (with shower) -kitchen fully equiped (wash machin, fridge, table for 3 people) You have access to everything in the flat I will not be here for the wellcome but a hostess will be here to show you the flat and give you the keys. I have prepared a book with all the details of the flat and good adresses for shopping and restaurants The neighborhood is one of the oldest in Paris. 100 meters away, you will find the 
20798	Idéalement situé, juste a coté du jardin des plantes, il permet de visiter Paris à moindre coup. L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à  8 personnes. Il est composé de 2 petites chambres comprenant chacune un lit double ainsi qu'une mezzanine avec un lit simple et d'une grande chambre avec lit double.	Located right next to Jardin des plantes, the flat has an incredible situation inside Paris. Very close to the metro (Jussieu7&10) and the rer (Austerlitz C), it's very accessible. It's 58m² divided in 3bedrooms and 1open kitchen makes it affordable.
20799	Modern 44 sq.m. . First floor without elevator . No street noise; the apartment is looking into an interior courtyard . It can accomodate up-to 4 people.  It consists to:  -One bedroom with 1 double bed (160x200) 2 sofa bed in the living  (190x90) -Living room with open dining area, equipped  -open kitchen appointed with refrigerator, stove, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee-machine.  -Bathroom with shower, washing machine and toilets.  -In the living room,flat TV screen with national and international TV stations.  - Possible Wi-Fi connection.  -Telephone for local landline numbers and to receive incoming calls.	A quiet place in the historic ,cultural, student and shopping district of Paris 5.Modern appartment of 44 Modern 44 sq.m. . First floor without elevator . No street noise; the apartment is looking into an interior courtyard . It can accomodate up-to 4 people.  It consists to:  -One bedroom with 1 double bed (160x200) 2 sofa bed in the living  (190x90) -Living room with open dining area, equipped  -open kitchen appointed with refrigerator, stove, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee-machine.  -Bathroom with shower, washing machine and toilets.  -In the living room,flat TV screen with national and international TV stations.  - Possible Wi-Fi connection.  -Telephone for local landline numbers and to receive incoming calls.
20800	I rent my apartment located in the heart of the famous Latin Quarter, in the center of Paris, an absolutely great location to staying in Paris. On the 2nd floor of a safe builiding, the apartment has an accommodation capaticy of 2 with a very comfortable  bed (real bed). There's a bathroom, small but functional. ( I do not recommend it if you measure more than 193 cm because de ceiling of the shower is a little low, in all the other cases there will be no worries.) The apartment has Flat screen tv, internet connexion, etc. I supply fresh linen and towels.  Less than five minute walk from 3 metro stations , Jussieu (L 7) Cardinal lemoine and Maubert-mutualité ( L10) and two blocks from Rue Mouffetard, a great area to eat and drink.  The apartment is within a short walking distance from the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden; the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais; the City Hall; Ile Saint Louis; the Seine river (300 meters); the Pantheon; the Arab World Instit	I rent my apartment located in the heart of the famous Latin Quarter, in the center of Paris, an absolutely great location to staying in Paris. On the 2nd floor of a safe builiding, the apartment has an accommodation capaticy of 2with a  very comfort I rent my apartment located in the heart of the famous Latin Quarter, in the center of Paris, an absolutely great location to staying in Paris. On the 2nd floor of a safe builiding, the apartment has an accommodation capaticy of 2 with a very comfortable  bed (real bed). There's a bathroom, small but functional. ( I do not recommend it if you measure more than 193 cm because de ceiling of the shower is a little low, in all the other cases there will be no worries.) The apartment has Flat screen tv, internet connexion, etc. I supply fresh linen and towels.  Less than five minute walk from 3 metro stations , Jussieu (L 7) Cardinal lemoine and Maubert-mutualité ( L10) and two blocks from Rue Mouffetard, a great area to eat and drink.  The apa
20801	Tout près de la Seine, à 2 minutes à pieds de saint Michel cet appartement est idéalement situé.  Il se situe à côté des  quais et les stations de métro Cluny la Sorbonne (ligne 10) et Saint Michel (ligne 4) (chacune à 3 minutes à pieds). Plusieurs lignes de bus s’arrêtent également à 200 mètres de l’immeuble. Il s'agit d'un petit studio situé au 2ème  étage sans ascenseur, donnant sur une petite rue piétonne. La coin cuisine est équipée et comporte une plaque vitrocéramique, une machine à laver et un frigo. Le clic-clac se déplie pour donner un lit. Les placards et étagères seront laissés vides. Il y a une petite salle de bain avec petite baignoire et toilettes dans l'appartement.  Le quartier est à la fois jeune car très étudiants et touristique. Il y a plusieurs restaurants et cafés mais aussi cinémas, théâtres à seulement quelques pas de l'immeuble. En montant on trouve la rue Mouffetard à 10 minutes à pieds, très animée jours et nuits. Il y a également beaucoup de petits commerces	The apartement is good and lovely. Perfect for 1 or 2 persons, or for a couple! The situation is just awesome, right in the center of the city and near the metro station. 2 minutes to Notre Dame De Paris and Latin quarter!  
20802	This ground floor apartment, is the best place to live after a long day of visiting through the capital.  	In the famed Latin Qtr (one block from Pantheon) it's the historical center of the capital. Amazing old streets, with perfect romantic spots. Studio of 30 m2 renovated last year. Lovely, cozy and functional, definitively a great place to stay in Paris. This ground floor apartment, is the best place to live after a long day of visiting through the capital.  I provide you,  a washing machine, a dishwasher, an oven, induction hot plate and of course a fridge. We would communicate by text or mail. One of my best friend, will welcome you, and give you some information and tips about the best place in our area, and in Paris in general.   What I like into the 5éme arrondissement, is the proximity of several good place. My favorite spot to read a book or just to take my time and relax me, is the Luxembourg Park. For shopping, we are close to Boulevard St Michel, and if you want to go out on the night, Rue Mouftard is the best place to find a good restaurant.  If you want to visit famous place,
20803	Come and visit Paris by living between Bastille, Pantheon and Quai de Seine. This flat is central and will allow you to access easily of the most important places. The flat is composed of:  - a kitchen fully equipped: fridge, coffee machine, oven, washing machine - a bed room with a large bed and HD TV - a bathroom with large shower (sheets and towels are furnished) - a living room with a large sofa and Bose speakers - 2 balconies to enjoy the view 	Enjoy your stay in Paris in the perfect location, 2 minutes walk from the metro. Apartment with 1 large bed room, a bright living room, an open kitchen with a bar and all necessary equipments, a bathroom with a large shower, 2 amazing balconies Come and visit Paris by living between Bastille, Pantheon and Quai de Seine. This flat is central and will allow you to access easily of the most important places. The flat is composed of:  - a kitchen fully equipped: fridge, coffee machine, oven, washing machine - a bed room with a large bed and HD TV - a bathroom with large shower (sheets and towels are furnished) - a living room with a large sofa and Bose speakers - 2 balconies to enjoy the view Wifi access Shops: bakeries, supermarket at the bottom of the building Transport: 2 min walking to Gare d'Austerlitz (lines 5, 10 and RER C) 
20804		Appartement calme métro Censier-Daubenton, proche Panthéon et rue Mouffetard, bien aéré.
20805	Lovely apartment in the oldest neighbourhood of Paris. Well appointed. Quiet and cool in summer. Facing the back garden with trees and birds.The perfect place to come to after a day of exploring.	'  Very nice apartment in the heart of the 5th arrondissement. \ N  Quiet and comfortable. Authentic Parisian second floor courtyard. \ N  2 minutes from Rue Mouffetard, 10 of Notre Dame.  '
20806	CHARMANT APPARTEMENT 2 PIÈCES, décoré dans un style bohème, typiquement parisien : situé au cinquième et dernier étage d’un immeuble des années 50 (sans ascenseur), entièrement fourni et très cosy, agrémenté de plantes vertes et autres bibelots chinés aux puces.  CHARMING FLAT with two bedrooms, arty – bohemian style self decorated, this typically Parisian apartment is located at the 5th and last floor of an 1950-style building (no lift but authentic wood stairs!), very cosy and liveable with all furniture you need, embellished with green plants, vintage knickknacks and trinkets.	CHARMANT APPARTEMENT 2 PIÈCES, décoré dans un style bohème, typiquement parisien : situé au cinquième et dernier étage d’un immeuble des années 50 (sans ascenseur), entièrement fourni et très cosy, agrémenté de plantes vertes et autres bibelots chinés aux puces.  CHARMING FLAT with two bedrooms, arty – bohemian style self decorated, this typically Parisian apartment is located at the 5th and last floor of an 1950-style building (no lift but authentic wood stairs!), very cosy and liveable with all furniture you need, embellished with green plants, vintage knickknacks and trinkets. L’APPARTEMENT DE 40M2 SE COMPOSE : d’une salle de séjour avec canapé lit deux places (confortable), d’une chambre avec un lit deux places (très confortable !), d’une salle de bain avec toilettes et baignoire, d’une cuisine et d’un petit débarras. Il y a des portes entre chaque pièce, et cinq fenêtres exposées ouest, magnifique lumière en fi d’après-midi.  A DISPOSITION : WIFI haut débit, téléphone fixe avec ap
20807	"MAXIMUM 2 personnes.  Minimum 3 nuits/ 4 NUITS à partir du 7/05 CHAUFFAGE ELECTRIQUE INCLUS LE QUARTIER: Le Panthéon, la Sorbonne ainsi que le jardin du Luxembourg sont situés à quelques minutes de (website hidden)âtelet et Notre Dame sont à quelques minutes en RER B, et accessibles très rapidement en bus ou à pied. Station de métro: RER B Luxembourg/Port Royal ou Ligne 10 à Cluny la Sorbonne, un peu plus loin.  Nombreux bus à moins de 150 mètres (bus n°21, n°27, n°82, n°83, n°84) Il y a une grande borne Vélib juste en bas de l'immeuble.  Le quartier fourmille de cafés et restaurants. Juste en face de l'immeuble, délicieux bistro gourmet très fréquenté ""Le vin sobre"".  3 supermarchés à proximité (Dia dans la rue Pierre Nicole, Carrefour rue Saint Jacques, et Franprix boulevard Saint Michel) L'APPARTEMENT Il se trouve au 3ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble XVIIIème blanc.  Il y a un digicode à l'entrée, et la porte de l'appartement est blindée. Refait à neuf il y a quatre ans,"	"(please scroll down for english version) En plein coeur du quartier latin, à deux pas du Luxembourg et du Panthéon, charmant deux-pièces de 37 m2, avec une très belle l'église du Val de Grace.  Idéal pour un couple, lors d'un week end parisien.  MAXIMUM 2 personnes.  Minimum 3 nuits/ 4 NUITS à partir du 7/05 CHAUFFAGE ELECTRIQUE INCLUS LE QUARTIER: Le Panthéon, la Sorbonne ainsi que le jardin du Luxembourg sont situés à quelques minutes de (website hidden)âtelet et Notre Dame sont à quelques minutes en RER B, et accessibles très rapidement en bus ou à pied. Station de métro: RER B Luxembourg/Port Royal ou Ligne 10 à Cluny la Sorbonne, un peu plus loin.  Nombreux bus à moins de 150 mètres (bus n°21, n°27, n°82, n°83, n°84) Il y a une grande borne Vélib juste en bas de l'immeuble.  Le quartier fourmille de cafés et restaurants. Juste en face de l'immeuble, délicieux bistro gourmet très fréquenté ""Le vin sobre"".  3 supermarchés à proximité (Dia dans la rue Pierre Nicole, Carrefour rue Sai"
20808	5e étage Très lumineux 3,5 mètres hauteur sous plafond	Chambre 11m2 confortable très bon état Salon TV Grand lit confortable 140 x 190 cm Demie armoire  Table pliante Pouf WIFI Bedroom 11m2 comfortable Living room TV Big bed 140 x 190 cm Half wardrobe Folding table Pouf fatboy WIFI 5e étage Très lumineux 3,5 mètres hauteur sous plafond Couloirs / corridors Cuisine / kitchen Salon / living room Salle de bain / bathroom WC / toilets Mon colocataire sera présent dans l'appartement My flatmate lives in the other room of the flat 100m/1min à pied RERB & RERC & ligne 4 400m/4min à pied Châtelet lignes métro (phone number hidden) Emplacement idéal pour tourisme/affaire 150m à pied des restaurants à Saint michel 6 subways lines / 6 lignes de métros 4 suburban lines / 4 lignes de RER lot of bus lines / plusieurs lignes de bus => within 500 meters / accessibles à moins de 500 mètres à pieds Pas de fumeurs / No smoking Pas d'animaux / No animals
20809	Spacious 3 rooms flat with high ceiling, furnished with dishwasher, microwave, big fridge and freezer. 2 big rooms with one double bed in each one and cupboards. The flat has: - a small entrance - a large living/dining room & kitchen (brand new and modern) with table, chairs, sofa and big TV screen - brand new bathroom with stylist shower Work has been done in the flat, the kitchen and bathroom are brand new, pictures coming. Very (very) bright and calm. 1st (half) floor only 20 stairs to climb. Transportation facilities are 2 minutes away from the flat, you have 2 different metro lines (7 and 5) and many buses (phone number hidden)) giving you an easy access to: - Gare Montparnasse (railway) / bus / 15 min - Gare de Lyon (railway) / bus / 15 min - Gare d'Austerlitz (railway)/ bus / 5 min - Gare du Nord et de l'Est (railway) / métro / 30 min - Gare Saint-Lazare (railway) / bus / 30 min). - Chatelet, center of Paris / métro / 15 min - Le Marais, beautiful neighborhood / métro / 15 min A	Flat well located next the jardin des plantes, jardin du Luxembourg and Panthéon, rue Mouffetard and its famous stores, bars and restaurants and also walking distance to the cathédrale Notre-Dame. Perfect for a family of 4 or 2 couples.    Spacious 3 rooms flat with high ceiling, furnished with dishwasher, microwave, big fridge and freezer. 2 big rooms with one double bed in each one and cupboards. The flat has: - a small entrance - a large living/dining room & kitchen (brand new and modern) with table, chairs, sofa and big TV screen - brand new bathroom with stylist shower Work has been done in the flat, the kitchen and bathroom are brand new, pictures coming. Very (very) bright and calm. 1st (half) floor only 20 stairs to climb. Transportation facilities are 2 minutes away from the flat, you have 2 different metro lines (7 and 5) and many buses (phone number hidden)) giving you an easy access to: - Gare Montparnasse (railway) / bus / 15 min - Gare de Lyon (railway) / bus / 15 min - G
20810	Bel appartement spacieux, dans un immeuble 1929. Situé au premier étage, ensoleillé plein sud sans vis-à-vis, avec un plancher d'origine en chêne.  Un double vitrages aux fenêtres le rend très calme, aussi il donne sur une rue peu fréquentée pour le quartier. L'appartement est composé de : • une entrée spacieuse avec les toilettes et un placard vestiaire. • une cuisine équipée qui donne sur la cour verte intérieure • un double séjour de 40m2 spacieux et confortable • Une chambre :  Un grand lit avec une chaîne Hifi, un réveil, et 2 placards miroir. • Une autre chambre avec lit superposés. • Un salon avec un grand canapé lit.	Appartement confortable, entièrement équipé et calme, proche de la rue Mouffetard (rue commerçante typiquement parisienne), des Arènes de Lutèce (site historique) et du Jardin des Plantes. À 15min. à pied de Notre Dame de Paris. Bel appartement spacieux, dans un immeuble 1929. Situé au premier étage, ensoleillé plein sud sans vis-à-vis, avec un plancher d'origine en chêne.  Un double vitrages aux fenêtres le rend très calme, aussi il donne sur une rue peu fréquentée pour le quartier. L'appartement est composé de : • une entrée spacieuse avec les toilettes et un placard vestiaire. • une cuisine équipée qui donne sur la cour verte intérieure • un double séjour de 40m2 spacieux et confortable • Une chambre :  Un grand lit avec une chaîne Hifi, un réveil, et 2 placards miroir. • Une autre chambre avec lit superposés. • Un salon avec un grand canapé lit. • Pour Internet : Fibre Optique, TV, WIFI. • La cuisine est équipée avec : une cuisinière au gaz, un four électrique, un four micro-onde, 
20811	"You will feel at home next to the museums, parks, Notre Dame, Pantheon, Latin district, at a walking distance to shops, Paris 6 area and beautiful coffees. Louvres or other museums in the centre of Paris are really close. The apartement is peaceful, in a quite road almost in front of the biggest Botanic garden in Paris. Less than 5 minutes walk to the metro Censier. In two steps away the famous rue Mouffetard. Many shops and stores are close to the apartment : Bakery,Butchery, Supermarket, Restaurant, Cafe, Doctor, Hospital, Drugstore, Open air market... Some supermarkets next to the appartment are even open 7 days a week which is quite unusual in Paris and very convenient especially if you plan to come to Paris a Saturday evening or a Sunday or for a short stay for a week-end. Size : 64 m²  2/3 rooms : big bedroom with huge mirror dressing / mirrored armoire, closet (4.1 meters length) and a large double lounge.  Hausmannien style, build in 1905, The apartment is 3 m high with ""chemin"	"In a quite road 150 m from the ""Jardin des plantes"" garden. Next to Notre Dame Cathedral. Up to 4 people and a baby  Big bedroom with huge mirror dressing and a large double lounge.  2.90 m high. Real hard wood floor. Elevator, security code. You will feel at home next to the museums, parks, Notre Dame, Pantheon, Latin district, at a walking distance to shops, Paris 6 area and beautiful coffees. Louvres or other museums in the centre of Paris are really close. The apartement is peaceful, in a quite road almost in front of the biggest Botanic garden in Paris. Less than 5 minutes walk to the metro Censier. In two steps away the famous rue Mouffetard. Many shops and stores are close to the apartment : Bakery,Butchery, Supermarket, Restaurant, Cafe, Doctor, Hospital, Drugstore, Open air market... Some supermarkets next to the appartment are even open 7 days a week which is quite unusual in Paris and very convenient especially if you plan to come to Paris a Saturday evening or a Sunday or f"
20812	Exceptional location in the heart of Paris for this duplex of 40 m2: • View of the Pantheon and the Church of St. Severin. • Located in one of the most popular tourist pedestrian streets of Paris, the Rue Saint-Severin. • Close to Notre Dame de Paris, Seine, Saint-Germain, Thermes de Cluny, Sorbonne, Odéon. • Very close to the Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens, Marais ... Bright apartment in good condition, in an ancient building, overlooking the roofs of Paris, on the 5th floor without elevator. On 1st floor: living room and kitchen, 2nd floor: bedroom, bathroom and toilet. • Fully equipped kitchen: fridge, oven, toaster, microwave, washing machine, dryer ... • Bathroom with bath • Internet (wifi), TV, DVD • Beds: 1 double bed (2 pers.), 1 sofa bed (2 pers.) Transport metros: - Line 10 station Cluny la Sorbonne (50 meters) - Line 4, Saint-Michel station (50 meters) RER: - RER B and C, station St Michel / NOTRE DAME (50 meters), direct from Charles de Gaulle airport and Orly Many bus statio	In the center of Paris, bright duplex with views over the rooftops of Paris. Exceptional location in the heart of Paris for this duplex of 40 m2: • View of the Pantheon and the Church of St. Severin. • Located in one of the most popular tourist pedestrian streets of Paris, the Rue Saint-Severin. • Close to Notre Dame de Paris, Seine, Saint-Germain, Thermes de Cluny, Sorbonne, Odéon. • Very close to the Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens, Marais ... Bright apartment in good condition, in an ancient building, overlooking the roofs of Paris, on the 5th floor without elevator. On 1st floor: living room and kitchen, 2nd floor: bedroom, bathroom and toilet. • Fully equipped kitchen: fridge, oven, toaster, microwave, washing machine, dryer ... • Bathroom with bath • Internet (wifi), TV, DVD • Beds: 1 double bed (2 pers.), 1 sofa bed (2 pers.) Transport metros: - Line 10 station Cluny la Sorbonne (50 meters) - Line 4, Saint-Michel station (50 meters) RER: - RER B and C, station St Michel / NOTRE DAM
20813	Appartement type T2 de 27m2  avec cuisine séparée équipée et salle de douche + WC.	Appartement calme et lumineux au coeur de paris, 2min à pied de la célèbre rue Mouffetard, proche de tout commerces et des rues animées. Situé au 6e étage avec ascenseur, il vous offrira calme et tranquillité après vos excursions parisiennes. Appartement type T2 de 27m2  avec cuisine séparée équipée et salle de douche + WC. Une des 2 pièces servira de remise lors de votre séjour. La location comprend donc 1 chambre avec lit double, la salle de douche et la cuisine. (20m2) L'appartement est idéalement situé au cœur de Paris. Il est à quelques pas de la célèbre rue Mouffetard, et vous pourrez rejoindre à pied ces différents lieux: -Jardin des Plantes (Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle): 2 minutes -Pantheon: 14 minutes  - Bords de seine : 15min -Jardin du Luxembourg: 21 minutes  -Notre-Dame: 20 minutes  -Saint-Germain-des-Prés: 30 minutes  -Musée d'Orsay: 40 minutes Station Censier-Daubenton (Ligne 7) à 2min.
20814	120sqm flat with a large & bright living and dining room leading onto a balcony with a table and chairs to enjoy the sunset. 3 bedrooms. 1 master one with 160 x 200 bed leading onto a balcony and 2  spacious bedrooms with single beds (one of which has an additional mattress which can be pulled out from under the bed). 1 Bathroom with 2 sinks  &  separate toilets. A large and greatly equipped kitchen (5 fire stove and large oven + american size fridge & freezer + Nespresso coffee machine & much more) overlooking the roofs of Paris.	Lovely 120sqm /3 bedrooms apartment with great balcony located in the heart of Paris. Right near Notre Dame, Luxembourg gardens and the Ile st Louis & surrounded by great local food shops and a gorgeous food market. 120sqm flat with a large & bright living and dining room leading onto a balcony with a table and chairs to enjoy the sunset. 3 bedrooms. 1 master one with 160 x 200 bed leading onto a balcony and 2  spacious bedrooms with single beds (one of which has an additional mattress which can be pulled out from under the bed). 1 Bathroom with 2 sinks  &  separate toilets. A large and greatly equipped kitchen (5 fire stove and large oven + american size fridge & freezer + Nespresso coffee machine & much more) overlooking the roofs of Paris. No restrictions. We will be available if you need our help and will leave you all the information you need to make your stay as pleasant and as great as possible (including tips and best adresses in the area and beyond!). Our flat is located right
20815	Very practical and casual. A bedroom with double bed. Possiblity to have a 3rd person in the living room sleeping in the sofa	Ideally situated beside the rue Mouffetard and the Pantheon, this charming flat will give you confort for resting and will be perfect for visiting Paris downtown and testing bars and restaurants around Very practical and casual. A bedroom with double bed. Possiblity to have a 3rd person in the living room sleeping in the sofa Possibility of using the washing machine I will welcome you when you turn up and I'm always available on the phone. What I love in my neighborhood is the atmsophere, old stone streets, fruit and vegeteble market of the week end, lots of nice walks to do, nice gardens (Luxembourg garden and Jardin des Plantes) to visit near by, lot of restaurants and bars, monuments like the Pantheon From the airport take the RER B to Chatelet station and then the metro on the line 7 to Censier Daubenton station. The apartment is 2 min walk away from the station
20816	Large, luxury 2 bedrooms penthouse suitable for 4 people, in the very center of the Quartier Latin. The apartment, extremely quiet and bright, is located on the 6th and last floor of a XVII century building, which has been recently restored (by adding an elevator too).  The apartment comprises of a comfortable living room, with a large queen size sofa facing a beautiful limestone fireplace (decorative only), several chairs, dinner table. A fully equipped kitchen, a corridor which leads to a bathroom and the to guest bedroom (with private shower and washbasin). The unique feature here is a direct view of Notre Dame Cathedral!  The master bedroom has a wide queen size bed, closet, a small desk, closets, a flat-screen TV with DVD player. It also features an en-suite bathroom. A large window shines natural light and provides romantic views of Paris rooftops.  	Gorgeous apartment on one of the oldest streets in Paris. Top floor, large living room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, fully refurbished, only 3 minutes walking from Notre Dame, great view. Suitable for 2 families with children Large, luxury 2 bedrooms penthouse suitable for 4 people, in the very center of the Quartier Latin. The apartment, extremely quiet and bright, is located on the 6th and last floor of a XVII century building, which has been recently restored (by adding an elevator too).  The apartment comprises of a comfortable living room, with a large queen size sofa facing a beautiful limestone fireplace (decorative only), several chairs, dinner table. A fully equipped kitchen, a corridor which leads to a bathroom and the to guest bedroom (with private shower and washbasin). The unique feature here is a direct view of Notre Dame Cathedral!  The master bedroom has a wide queen size bed, closet, a small desk, closets, a flat-screen TV with DVD player. It also features an en-s
20817	This chic Parisian one bedrooms flat is located in the 5th Arrondissement and has recently been completely refurbished. The apartment is located in a building that is located off the street, on an inside courtyard of the apartment building, so it’s very quiet. The studio is located on the 5th floor, on the courtyard, with a lift making it convenient for guests with large suitcases! 	 This chic Parisian one bedrooms flat is located in the 5th Arrondissement, it has recently been completely refurbished. The apartment is located in a building that is located off the street, on an inside courtyard of the apartment building.       This chic Parisian one bedrooms flat is located in the 5th Arrondissement and has recently been completely refurbished. The apartment is located in a building that is located off the street, on an inside courtyard of the apartment building, so it’s very quiet. The studio is located on the 5th floor, on the courtyard, with a lift making it convenient for guests with large suitcases!  This location is equipped with a small eat-in kitchen with a full-sized refrigerator, coffee machine, oven, kettle, microwave,, clothes washer, cookware and utensils. There are two supermarkets in the neighborhood, making it easy to buy supplies. There is a full bathroom (shower only) and all linens are provided. In addition to the queen-size bed, the living room 
20818	Typical parisian style Big livingroom & bedroom luminous bathroom	Typical Parisian flat, old fashioned style , well equiped and freshly refurbished. A spacious living room and bedroom, quiet place, located in the middle of Paris near of a lot of great places to visit. Typical parisian style Big livingroom & bedroom luminous bathroom almost old people, they don't like to be disturbed to late. many bus, 2 metros at just 1 minute on foot.
20819		This studio is a stone's throw from the Pantheon and the Luxembourg Garden. The street has many bars with a warm atmosphere. It is close to many transports (RER B, line 10, bus, ..) you will easily move throughout Paris. Newly renovated ! A minimum of 5 nights stay is requested.
20820	We're watching the euro get weaker by the moment and for those traveling based on U.S., Australian or Canadian dollars, this is a godsend. The euro is at an 11-year low against the dollar and is marked as one of the most dramatic periods in the history of currency trading. We’re seeing a real comeback by tourists whose greenbacks will get them a whole lot further on European soil.  Winter has arrived in Paris the city of lights and is in full swing. The days are crisp and bright with cool evenings, perfect for strolling the banks of the Seine amongst all the activities. With business back to usual and University students preparing for finals there is electricity in the air and plenty of taste and style in the streets. Decorations adorn the shops and seasonal products fill the boutiques with articles for sale as the season is alive. The air carries a mixture of bright colors and comforting odors from the boulangeries with their fresh baked croissants & breads to warm and entice the sens	Air Conditioning for those hot summer nights! We're watching the euro get weaker by the moment and for those traveling based on U.S., Australian or Canadian dollars, this is a godsend. The euro is at an 11-year low against the dollar and is marked as one of the most dramatic periods in the history of currency trading. We’re seeing a real comeback by tourists whose greenbacks will get them a whole lot further on European soil.  Winter has arrived in Paris the city of lights and is in full swing. The days are crisp and bright with cool evenings, perfect for strolling the banks of the Seine amongst all the activities. With business back to usual and University students preparing for finals there is electricity in the air and plenty of taste and style in the streets. Decorations adorn the shops and seasonal products fill the boutiques with articles for sale as the season is alive. The air carries a mixture of bright colors and comforting odors from the boulangeries with their fresh baked c
20821	Le studio est au 6 eme étage sans ascenseur immeuble calme et  bien entretenu studio de 15 m2, spacieux, avec wifi,  bien aménagé, coin cuisine : plaque, micro-onde,1 frigidaire, 1 congélateur   espace salle à manger avec table et chaises   canapé convertible  nombreux rangements pour mettre vos affaires, table et fer à repasser. salle de bain  (baignoire) et lavabo dans le studio, toilettes privatives sur le palier seulement pour vous.	Cosy studio idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes, Paris 5e, proche quartier Mouffetard, dans rue calme, sur cour, 6e étage sans ascenseur. Tout confort, lumineux, coin cuisine, salle de bain,sofa convertible,wc privatif sur palier. Proche commerces et metro Le studio est au 6 eme étage sans ascenseur immeuble calme et  bien entretenu studio de 15 m2, spacieux, avec wifi,  bien aménagé, coin cuisine : plaque, micro-onde,1 frigidaire, 1 congélateur   espace salle à manger avec table et chaises   canapé convertible  nombreux rangements pour mettre vos affaires, table et fer à repasser. salle de bain  (baignoire) et lavabo dans le studio, toilettes privatives sur le palier seulement pour vous. Tout le studio est à votre disposition Pour les longs séjours 28 jours et plus, le paiement est prélevé mensuellement sur airbnb. Il n ya pas de visite possible avant de réserver : afin de respecter les règles airbnb. Je vous accueillerai et continuerai de répondre à vos remarques et questions éventuelles dur
20822	Standing This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a building equipped with a lift. Note that the lift stops at the 5th floor. You will have to walk to the last floor. The entrance is secured by a door code and a second door with an intercom. The windows are double-glazed. The apartment has an A/C system. The windows offer a very nice view the Boulevard Saint Germain (intersection with Bvd Saint Michel), the top of the Eiffel Tower, Saint Sulpice Church,… Layout This 35 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated in december 2013. It has a large room organized in several areas.  The living area features a couch that can be used as a single bed (80x200) or as a double bed (160x200), two lovely armchairs with footrests, a television with cable TV channels. The dining area has a dining table that can be modulate if you need a very large table (its surface can be doubled). The bedroom area features a queen size bed 160x200 with two large drawers underneath. You will be able to store your	Contemporary, luminous, quiet 35 sqm studio with Air Conditioning, to rent for up to four people in the deep heart of Paris ! Perfect for a couple with children, you couldn't dream of a better location to discover Paris by foot. Standing This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a building equipped with a lift. Note that the lift stops at the 5th floor. You will have to walk to the last floor. The entrance is secured by a door code and a second door with an intercom. The windows are double-glazed. The apartment has an A/C system. The windows offer a very nice view the Boulevard Saint Germain (intersection with Bvd Saint Michel), the top of the Eiffel Tower, Saint Sulpice Church,… Layout This 35 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated in december 2013. It has a large room organized in several areas.  The living area features a couch that can be used as a single bed (80x200) or as a double bed (160x200), two lovely armchairs with footrests, a television with cable TV channels. The 
20823	This functionable appartment has 2 rooms : a nice 18 m² living room and a 10 m² bedroos.  The kitchen and the bathroom are tiny but they are modern and they present everything you could need. The appartment is located at the second floor (no lift) in a quiet street close to the Latin Quarter.	Located 5 minutes from the Latin Quarter, this nice flat is ideal for 1 or 2 persons willing to enjoy dilights of a few days in Paris This functionable appartment has 2 rooms : a nice 18 m² living room and a 10 m² bedroos.  The kitchen and the bathroom are tiny but they are modern and they present everything you could need. The appartment is located at the second floor (no lift) in a quiet street close to the Latin Quarter. I will be on holidays in Italy during your stay in Paris but of course I will remain reachable on my mobile to answer any question or query. The flat is located at the border of the old Latin Quarter : - 5  minutes on foot from the botanic Garden - 15 minutes on foot from the emblematic Panthéon Metro ligne 7 will also enable you to reach quickly the  centre of Paris (Louvres, Opera Garnier, Galeries Lafayettes, etc). - 3 minutes : metro Les Gobelins (line 7) - 8 minutes : metro Saint Marcel (line 5) - 3 minutes : bus lines 27, 47, 91
20824		Studio super bien situé. Il se trouve entre la rue mouffetard, les gobelins, saint-germain et le quartier latin.  Il s'agit d'un quartier très calme où on peut se détendre pour profiter des vacances.
20825	Appartement  plein de charme, décoré , chaleureux et paisible idéalement situé, central, dans le quartier Latin au coeur du village Mouffetard dans la zone piétonne à 2 pas du métro  CENSIER DAUBENTON , bus  ( 47) et stations vélib' ( 2 juste à côté ) et parking  public .  L'appartement  est un 2 pièce de 30 m2 confortable, calme et lumineux au premier étage d'un petit immeuble situé dans un passage ancien pavé à proximité de Jardins , musées, Fac , institut de recherches , des quais de seine . -1 chambre / 1 lit double + TV  -1 salon salle à manger / bibliothèque / canapé lit 2 pers  vraiment très confortable .  Linge de lit , couettes et couvertures  -1 salle de bain avec grande douche et wc Serviettes de toilettes , tapis de bain, sèche serviettes, Sèche cheveux , papiers toilettes . -Kitchenette : tout pour la cuisine , 2 plaques , frigo+ lave linge  et sèche linge . petite penderie pour ranger vêtements et valise . Tout confort , internet wifi , tarifs dégressifs selon la durée .	Zen and cozy 2 rooms in the heart of the Latin Quarter Mouffetard open from 1 to 4 people . Do not hesitate to contact us. Welcome in the village Mouffetard
20826	The apartment is very recently filled with new designer furnitures including super comfortable queen size latex mattress. Apartment is on the 1st floor (one floor above ground floor) and faces the nice courtyard so there's no street noise. Well maintained and luxurious building.	Large studio in central Paris very near Pantheon and Jardin du Luxembourg.  Nearest metro station is 5 mins away (Luxembourg - RER B) and also there are plenty of buses that takes you to Chatelet, Saint Germain de Pres, Le Marais, Opera, etc.
20827	El apartamento está situado en una zona muy céntrica, que permite ir andando a muchos de los puntos turísticos de la ciudad. Está situado en el cuarto piso de un edificio tranquilo, típicamente haussmaniano. 	Esta habitación de 15m2 dispone de todo lo necesario para para pasar unas perfectas vacaciones en uno de los barrios más céntricos de Paris, el Barrio Latino (Vème arrondissement), a penas a cinco minutos de la emblemática Notre Dame.  Dispone de una cama doble, un armario y una mesa de trabajo, con una ventana que da en un pequeño patio tranquilo.  El piso consta de una zona común (la cocina, con una pequeña mesa para las comidas), un baño (con bañera!) y otra habitación. El apartamento está situado en una zona muy céntrica, que permite ir andando a muchos de los puntos turísticos de la ciudad. Está situado en el cuarto piso de un edificio tranquilo, típicamente haussmaniano. Las zonas comunes del apartamento son la cocina y el baño. La cocina cuenta con todo lo necesario (lavadora, nevera, congelador, tostadora, máquina Nespresso, microondas, un pequeño horno, y todo lo necesario para cocinar).  Además, disponemos de internet y teléfono con llamadas internacionales incluidas. Toallas
20828	Appartement très bien décoré, tout confort aux pieds du Panthéon dans le 5ème arrondissement de Paris. Cet appartement jouit d'un emplacement idéal dans une rue piétonne à deux pas des arènes de Lutèce et de la fameuse rue mouffetard. L'appartement se compose d'une grande chambre avec un lit double, d'un salon (TV, internet...), d'une cuisine ouverte et d'une sdb avec douche. La localisation de l'appartement et le confort de l'appartement vous feront aimer Paris, et je l'espère, revenir chez nous!	Appartement design en plein coeur du 5ème, à deux pas de la place de la Contre-Escarpe, du Panthéon et à 5mn du jardin du luxembourg. Situé dans une très jolie rue piétonne, cet appartement est idéal pour découvrir le centre de Paris, ses monuments, ses terrasses.  Superbe pied à terre pour des vacances à Paris Appartement très bien décoré, tout confort aux pieds du Panthéon dans le 5ème arrondissement de Paris. Cet appartement jouit d'un emplacement idéal dans une rue piétonne à deux pas des arènes de Lutèce et de la fameuse rue mouffetard. L'appartement se compose d'une grande chambre avec un lit double, d'un salon (TV, internet...), d'une cuisine ouverte et d'une sdb avec douche. La localisation de l'appartement et le confort de l'appartement vous feront aimer Paris, et je l'espère, revenir chez nous!
20829		Studio agréable et lumineux, vue sur cour, dans le centre de Paris (Ve arr.), proche du Jardin des plantes et du Panthéon. - 22m² - lit 1 place & canapé-lit 2 places - salle de bain & WC Semaine : 250€ Disponible en juillet Métro : - Ligne 7 (Jussieu ou Place Monge) - Ligne 10 (Jussieu)
20830	large living with 1 sofas bed 1 pers one double bed  first floor without elevator	Charming with caracter ( wooden beams) one bedroom apartment ( one double bed) , large living with 1 sofa bed 1 pers. Very lively historical neighborough, near Jardin des Plantes, Luxembourg and Pantheon, many restaurants and shops, large living with 1 sofas bed 1 pers one double bed  first floor without elevator PARISSIMO, who take care of this apartment will help you during your stay HISTORICAL AREA with Arenes de LUTECE, Jardin des Plantes et Luxembourg. Very central location Metro Cardinal Lemoine  RER Luxembourg
20831	Located in one of the most beautiful areas of Paris, close to the « Jardin des Plantes » and not far from the heart of the « Latin Quarter », Claudia’s apartment is ideal for a stay with family or friends (maximum 4 people if there are parents and 2 children / or 3 persons maximum if there are 3 adults). Claudia lives in her apartment the major part of the year, each of the objects you will find there is very personal. Her pretty 1bedrooms, she loves it ;) What about the garden on which her apartment overlooked. It is behind the building, completely private, with one table, one parasol and one sun lounger, this is a paradise ! In the apartment, you will find of course all you need to get a comfortable and pleasant stay. A well equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, Italian coffee maker, kettle, fridge and freezer), a functional bathroom (shower, toilet and towel dryer), a bedroom with its comfortable double bed and a living room (sofa bed - ideal for children or one adult - 120cm x 	Falling in love with this 1BedRoom is easy ! Overlooking the back of a beautiful old building, you will enjoy with a private garden on sunny days : it is rare in the city center ! --- More pictures of the apartment coming soon ( add by AirBnb) Located in one of the most beautiful areas of Paris, close to the « Jardin des Plantes » and not far from the heart of the « Latin Quarter », Claudia’s apartment is ideal for a stay with family or friends (maximum 4 people if there are parents and 2 children / or 3 persons maximum if there are 3 adults). Claudia lives in her apartment the major part of the year, each of the objects you will find there is very personal. Her pretty 1bedrooms, she loves it ;) What about the garden on which her apartment overlooked. It is behind the building, completely private, with one table, one parasol and one sun lounger, this is a paradise ! In the apartment, you will find of course all you need to get a comfortable and pleasant stay. A well equipped kitchen (s
20832	"In the very typical Mouffetard market,the apartment, 100 m² ,on the 4th floor with elevator,in an haussmanian building,is very well deserved with 3 bedrooms. One with a kingsize bed,and 2 children's (website hidden) one of them,there is a small double on the mezzanine. A sunny living room with great views ,a large dining in kitchen fully equipped. A spacious bathroom...  You will be in a familal parisian style flat and around: All the metros and bus will drive you within 10 min in the center of Paris. But steps from this animated and students place,you can join the Pantheon ,the Sorbonne,the Jardin des Plantes with the zoo and the Galerie de l'évoulution"".  The Seine is at easy walking distance as the Luxembourg Garden. Of course all the shops and food shops: even quite in the building, but the fresh food market is the best. On request and depending your arrival time,we can provide an american breakfast or french wine in the evening!"	"In the very typical Mouffetard market,the apartment, 100 m² ,on the 4th floor with elevator,in an haussmanian building,is very well deserved with 3 bedrooms. One with a kingsize bed,and 2 children's (website hidden) one of them,there is a small double on the mezzanine. A sunny living room with great views ,a large dining in kitchen fully equipped. A spacious bathroom...  You will be in a familal parisian style flat and around: All the metros and bus will drive you within 10 min in the center of Paris. But steps from this animated and students place,you can join the Pantheon ,the Sorbonne,the Jardin des Plantes with the zoo and the Galerie de l'évoulution"".  The Seine is at easy walking distance as the Luxembourg Garden. Of course all the shops and food shops: even quite in the building, but the fresh food market is the best. On request and depending your arrival time,we can provide an american breakfast or french wine in the evening!"
20833	Large, luxury 1 bedrooms penthouse suitable for 4 people, in the very center of the Quartier Latin. The apartment, extremely quiet and bright, is located on the 6th and top floor of a XVII century building, which has been recently restored (by adding an elevator too). The apartment comprises of a comfortable living room, with a large queen size sofa facing a beautiful limestone fireplace (decorative only), several chairs, dinner table. A fully equipped kitchen, a corridor which leads to a bathroom and the to the bedroom, which has a wide queen size bed, closet, a small desk, closets, a flat-screen TV with DVD player. It also features an en-suite bathroom.	Gorgeous apartment on the top floor of an ancient building. Living room, kitchen 1 bedroom, fully refurbished, on one of the oldest Paris streets, only 3 minutes walking from Notre Dame, great location Large, luxury 1 bedrooms penthouse suitable for 4 people, in the very center of the Quartier Latin. The apartment, extremely quiet and bright, is located on the 6th and top floor of a XVII century building, which has been recently restored (by adding an elevator too). The apartment comprises of a comfortable living room, with a large queen size sofa facing a beautiful limestone fireplace (decorative only), several chairs, dinner table. A fully equipped kitchen, a corridor which leads to a bathroom and the to the bedroom, which has a wide queen size bed, closet, a small desk, closets, a flat-screen TV with DVD player. It also features an en-suite bathroom. The area is at the corner of Boulevards St. Germain and St. Michel, the building on rue de la Harpe, in the one of the most evocative 
20834	Appartement chaleureux et tout confort de 50 m2, entièrement équipé. avec poutres apparentes, murs en pierre.  Il se situe au 3ème étage d’un immeuble historique de la rue Mouffetard.  Pour 2 + 1 sur matelas gonflable ! 	Charmant appartement de 50m2. Situé dans l'une des rues les plus anciennes de Paris, dans le Quartier Latin. La rue Mouffetard est réputée pour son animation et ses petits commerces.  Proche du Panthéon, du jardin des plantes et du Luxembourg. Appartement chaleureux et tout confort de 50 m2, entièrement équipé. avec poutres apparentes, murs en pierre.  Il se situe au 3ème étage d’un immeuble historique de la rue Mouffetard.  Pour 2 + 1 sur matelas gonflable ! Tout le logement ! Je me tiens disponible pour toutes questions que vous pourriez avoir, et espérons être présent pour vous accueillir chez nous, sinon, nombre de nos amis sont très sympathique et seront la pour prendre soin de vous à votre arrivée. Le quarier Mouffetard est un des quartiers les plus vivants et les plus pittoresques de Paris  La rue Mouffetard est la rue principale.  Vous y trouverez des cafés, un supermarché au pied de l'immeuble, une poste, des magasins de vêtements, d'objets, des caves à vin, des poissonneries,
20835	Ideally situated for short or longer stays in Paris, this is a comfortable apartment situated on the first floor of this modern building with lifts. South-exposed, it is very quiet and has a beautiful view on a garden. It offers sleeps up to 5 adults, separate bedroom and bathroom, fully equipped kitchen with all modern conveniences you will need for an enjoyable stay. Available any time for long WE, week, month.	A quiet and comfortable apartment entirely renovated and well furbished situated in the heart of Paris 5 the famous quartier Mouffetard close to the Panthéon, Luxembourg gardens and Latin Quarter. The closest metro station is Place Monge. Ideally situated for short or longer stays in Paris, this is a comfortable apartment situated on the first floor of this modern building with lifts. South-exposed, it is very quiet and has a beautiful view on a garden. It offers sleeps up to 5 adults, separate bedroom and bathroom, fully equipped kitchen with all modern conveniences you will need for an enjoyable stay. Available any time for long WE, week, month. Guests have exclusive access to the entire apartment.  The kitchen if fully equipped. Internet access is free. Towels and linen are provided.  Electricity, heating and cleaning costs are included in the price. There is a bathroom with a shower and a separate WC. You will be met in the apartment with the key. We are a real estate agency specia
20836	The appartment has :  - a bathroom (bath, toilet) - a livingroom with an american kitchen : electric hotplates, oven, Smeg fridge, Nespresso coffee machine…  - a room with a small wardrobe, a desk and a large bed (160 x 200)  Quiet appartment at the 5th floor without lift (you can do it !) TV, internet wifi, playstation 3 (but there's so much to visit outside…I'm not sure you'll need it)	"Enjoy your stay in a beautiful 345 square feet in the heart of Paris, recently renovated.  If you need more informations just ask !  The appartment has :  - a bathroom (bath, toilet) - a livingroom with an american kitchen : electric hotplates, oven, Smeg fridge, Nespresso coffee machine…  - a room with a small wardrobe, a desk and a large bed (160 x 200)  Quiet appartment at the 5th floor without lift (you can do it !) TV, internet wifi, playstation 3 (but there's so much to visit outside…I'm not sure you'll need it) Close to the underground Place Monge, you'll be next to the famous ""rue Mouffetard"", the ""Jardin des Plantes""…  For ten minutes by foot, you could visit Notre Dame de Paris, the ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", the Pantheon and so much more… The appartment is well served. By foot, bus or underground, you could reach all the areas of Paris as well as the airport and outlines.  Many bakeries, shops, restaurants, bars, launderette Boulangerie, commerces, restaurants, bars, launderett"
20837	This 45 square meters (approx: 485 square feet) 1 bedroom apartment is located on place Jussieu in the 5th district of Paris close to Panthéon. It proposes 1 living/dining room with a corner where there are two bunk beds, 1 bedroom, 1 equipped kitchen and 1 bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 persons. The nearest metro station is Jussieu. Equipment of the apartment The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, stereo, central heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, DVD player, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, phone, television, international TV channels This district is the oldest district of Paris: it covers most part of the Latin Quarter, built by the Romans in antiquity. The area is called Latin Quarter due to	This 45 square meters (approx: 485 square feet) 1 bedroom apartment is located on place Jussieu in the 5th district of Paris close to Panthéon. It proposes 1 living/dining room with a corner where there are two bunk beds, 1 bedroom, 1 equipped kitchen and 1 bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 persons. The nearest metro station is Jussieu. Equipment of the apartment The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, stereo, central heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, DVD player, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, phone, television, international TV channels This district is the oldest district of Paris: it covers most part of the Latin Quarter, built by the Romans in antiquity. The area is called Latin Quarter due to
20838	in the heart of Paris 's oldest district. apartment with a vintage decoration, interior courtyard. ideal for couples or two friends ! (1 bed 2 places, can divided in 2 bed 1 place) separated bathroom and kitchen  + dressing ! you can come with animal 	au coeur du plus vieux quartier de paris.  appartement de 25m2, décoration vintage, cour intérieure idéal pour couple ou deux amis ! (1 lit 2 places, divisible en 2 lit 1 place) salle de bain et cuisine séparée dressing ! ok pour les animaux in the heart of Paris 's oldest district. apartment with a vintage decoration, interior courtyard. ideal for couples or two friends ! (1 bed 2 places, can divided in 2 bed 1 place) separated bathroom and kitchen  + dressing ! you can come with animal
20839	Baby cot and high chair available upon request	Unique modern house in the vibrant latin quarter of Paris, on a famous pedestrian street full of restaurants, cafés and bars. Short walk to the Pantheon, Jardin de Luxembourg, Jardin des plantes, the River Seine, St Michel, Saint Germain and more. Baby cot and high chair available upon request Area full of cobble stoned pedestrian streets packed with restaurants, cafes and bars with outdoor terraces, shops etc. Great atmosphere and very safe. Apartment very close to the line 7 metro (Place Monge) as well as the line 10 metro (Cardinal Lemoine). It is also very close to many bus stops.
20840	"Idealy located in the historic Latin Quarter just between rue Tournefort and rue Mouffetart at 100 meters fron Pace de la Contrescarpe, you can go by walking to the Panthéon, Sorbonne, Luxembourg garden, Seine River and Ile de la Cité with Notre Dame 2 bedroom apartment with a large living room , nicely decorated and very comfortable. A lot of charme with wood beam and wood floor 2 bedroom  one king size bed 2 single beds Classic parisian apartment with view over a historical courtyard built in the 17th century for the royal guard of the ""mousquetaires"". Located in a central and historic area ( charming street , Philippe Auguste wall from the Middle Age) Bus and Metro donwstairs,  a lot of small or famous restaurants, cafe and food shops around"	"In a historic building (3 Musketeers) this very Parisian chic apartment is ideally located in the heart near the Sorbonne-Pantheon Latin Quarter. Cosy and comfortable, Transport and Metro bus nearby. Idealy located in the historic Latin Quarter just between rue Tournefort and rue Mouffetart at 100 meters fron Pace de la Contrescarpe, you can go by walking to the Panthéon, Sorbonne, Luxembourg garden, Seine River and Ile de la Cité with Notre Dame 2 bedroom apartment with a large living room , nicely decorated and very comfortable. A lot of charme with wood beam and wood floor 2 bedroom  one king size bed 2 single beds Classic parisian apartment with view over a historical courtyard built in the 17th century for the royal guard of the ""mousquetaires"". Located in a central and historic area ( charming street , Philippe Auguste wall from the Middle Age) Bus and Metro donwstairs,  a lot of small or famous restaurants, cafe and food shops around Latin Quarter with place de la Contrescarpe a"
20841	Splendid 3 bedrooms apartment of 80 m2 plus 18m2 of terrace, situated in the centre of Paris, with wonderful views over the city. The apartment has a large and sunny living room, 3 bedrooms (one with double bed, one with twin beds, one with a single bed), an independent and fully equipped kitchen, and two bathrooms (one with bathtub and the other one with shower with massage jets). The apartment is fully equipped with high quality household appliances. It is our primary residence and we rent it when we go on vacation, so you can find everything you might need during your stay in Paris. All equipment and finishes are high quality, as we did the works recently for our primary residence and not for a profitable rent apartment.	Splendid 3 bedrooms apartment of 80 m2 plus 18m2 of terrace, situated in the centre of Paris, with wonderful views over the city. It feautures 2 bathrooms (one with massage shoer the other one with bath tube) and an independet kithceh. Fully equipped Splendid 3 bedrooms apartment of 80 m2 plus 18m2 of terrace, situated in the centre of Paris, with wonderful views over the city. The apartment has a large and sunny living room, 3 bedrooms (one with double bed, one with twin beds, one with a single bed), an independent and fully equipped kitchen, and two bathrooms (one with bathtub and the other one with shower with massage jets). The apartment is fully equipped with high quality household appliances. It is our primary residence and we rent it when we go on vacation, so you can find everything you might need during your stay in Paris. All equipment and finishes are high quality, as we did the works recently for our primary residence and not for a profitable rent apartment. The whole apart
20842	It offers a rare combination of advantages:  •A perfect location: In the heart of the Latin Quarter, close to Notre dame cathedral, Sorbonne University and the trendy Saint Germain district (metro Saint Michel 1mn). It cannot be more central. •The apartment offers 2 bedrooms and can be used for up to 6 guests (65m2). •The overall quality of the apt is very high. Large windows bathe living room and bedrooms with light. The wooden floor gives a feeling of warmth. The entrance opens on the living room, the 1st bedroom and a corridor that leads to the bathroom and kitchen. It is wide and offers a large closet for clothes on the left side. The living room area has a nice view on the old haussmannian buildings of the vicinity. It is bathed in light by 2 windows and offers a flat TV, a table for 6 for dinners, and a comfortable convertible sofa bed for 2. Both bedrooms are also bathed in light by windows. The 1st bedroom offers a comfortable queen size bed and the 2nd Bedroom offers 2 single 	Fully refurbished, of high quality, with 6 large windows with views over the Latin Quarter, a traditional wooden floor and a nice traditional chimney. The apt is in an Haussmannian building, 4th floor. Stairs are wide and carpeted. It offers a rare combination of advantages:  •A perfect location: In the heart of the Latin Quarter, close to Notre dame cathedral, Sorbonne University and the trendy Saint Germain district (metro Saint Michel 1mn). It cannot be more central. •The apartment offers 2 bedrooms and can be used for up to 6 guests (65m2). •The overall quality of the apt is very high. Large windows bathe living room and bedrooms with light. The wooden floor gives a feeling of warmth. The entrance opens on the living room, the 1st bedroom and a corridor that leads to the bathroom and kitchen. It is wide and offers a large closet for clothes on the left side. The living room area has a nice view on the old haussmannian buildings of the vicinity. It is bathed in light by 2 windows an
20843	67m² / 721ft² 2 Bedroom flat.  28m² / 302ft² living room with : - 1 double-glazed window,  - 1 sofa, - 1 low table, - 1 cable TV, - 1 stereo, - 1 armchair. One 15m² / 162ft² Bedroom : - 1 double-glazed window,  - 1 king size bed (2m), - 1 bedside table. One 12m² / 129ft² Bedroom : - 1 double-glazed window,  - 2 single beds, - 1 bedside table. The bathroom has both a shower and a bathtub.  The open-plan kitchen is equipped with : - 1 bar and 4 chairs,  - 1 fridge,  - 1 dishwasher,  - induction hobs,  - 1 washing machine, - 1 oven,  - 1 microwave,  - 1 coffee maker,  - 1 kettle,  - 1 toaster, etc. This flat also has unlimited high-speed Internet access.  All sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils are also provided.	Stunning 721.18ft² / 67m² Flat with 2 Bedrooms, 280 meters away from the breathtaking Cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris.  On the 4th floor of a typical small Parisian building, this flat has an amazing view on Saint-Séverin's Church. 67m² / 721ft² 2 Bedroom flat.  28m² / 302ft² living room with : - 1 double-glazed window,  - 1 sofa, - 1 low table, - 1 cable TV, - 1 stereo, - 1 armchair. One 15m² / 162ft² Bedroom : - 1 double-glazed window,  - 1 king size bed (2m), - 1 bedside table. One 12m² / 129ft² Bedroom : - 1 double-glazed window,  - 2 single beds, - 1 bedside table. The bathroom has both a shower and a bathtub.  The open-plan kitchen is equipped with : - 1 bar and 4 chairs,  - 1 fridge,  - 1 dishwasher,  - induction hobs,  - 1 washing machine, - 1 oven,  - 1 microwave,  - 1 coffee maker,  - 1 kettle,  - 1 toaster, etc. This flat also has unlimited high-speed Internet access.  All sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils are also provided. No trip to Paris is complete
20844		"In 2 steps of the ""Garden of plants"", in quiet residence: Apartment ground floor 40m² and privative terrace 20m² consisted of: - 1 bedroom with 1 bed (2 places) - 1 living room with 1 sofa-bed - 1 kitchen equipped - 1 bathroom + toilets"
20845	"Appartement du peintre conne Henry Matisse, d'ici il a crée ses  сhefs-d'œuvre, d'ici il a dessiné son ""Pont St Michel"" "	"Jolie 3 pièces à louer dans le 5e à Paris, connu comme l'appartement de Henry Matisse. C'est au centre de Paris avec la vue extraordinaire. C'est un grand appartement confortable et spacieux pour 6 personnes. Bienvenue chez nous! Appartement du peintre conne Henry Matisse, d'ici il a crée ses  сhefs-d'œuvre, d'ici il a dessiné son ""Pont St Michel"" 3ème étage sans ascenseur dans un magnifique immeuble ancien C'est le centre de Paris, aux pieds de Notre Dame de Paris Metro, rer B,C"
20846	The appartment is very bright with a view of a nice yard which makes it quiet. It has one double-size bed and also a sofa bed, both very confortable, so we can host up to 4 persons. We are sure that you'll have a nice time in our appartement. :)	"The appartment is very bright with a view of a nice yard which makes it quiet. It has one double-size bed and also a sofa bed, both very confortable, so we can host up to 4 persons. We are sure that you'll have a nice time in our appartement. :) The appartment is located in the very famous district of Paris - The Latin district, it is just in front of the Arena of Lutèce ( a nice arena from the roman period ) and also near the ""Jardin des plantes"" (3mins by foot), the ""Panthéon"" (10mins by foot), the ""Jardin du luxembourg"" (15mins by foot), and ""Notre-Dame"" (20mins by foot). The nearest subway station is "" place Monge"" on line 7 , take the exit number 2 ( just in front of the door of the appartement) Also, 50m further, on line 10, you got the subway station ""Jussieu"" or ""Cardinal-Lemoine"" .  Bus stations: (phone number hidden) ..."
20847	This accommodation has an area of 60 sqm, is located on 6th French floor with elevator. Perfect for a couple or 2 peoples. Located in rue Monge, it features a living room with fitted kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. The following equipments are at your disposal: - Unlimited Wifi - Microwave, toaster, coffee maker, kettle - Sheets and Towels - TV with international channel - Iron, ironing board, vacuum, hob The 40sqm living room has 4 windows facing west. There is a large sofa, 5 chairs, 4 armchairs, a table and a coffee table. The 15sqm bedroom has one windows and is equipped with a 140cm wide double bed, a closet and two nightstand.	This 60 square feet 1 bedroom apartment is located on rue Monge in the 6th district of Paris close to Panthéon. It proposes 1 living/dining room, 1 bedroom, 1 opened equipped kitchen and 1 bathroom. This accommodation has an area of 60 sqm, is located on 6th French floor with elevator. Perfect for a couple or 2 peoples. Located in rue Monge, it features a living room with fitted kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. The following equipments are at your disposal: - Unlimited Wifi - Microwave, toaster, coffee maker, kettle - Sheets and Towels - TV with international channel - Iron, ironing board, vacuum, hob The 40sqm living room has 4 windows facing west. There is a large sofa, 5 chairs, 4 armchairs, a table and a coffee table. The 15sqm bedroom has one windows and is equipped with a 140cm wide double bed, a closet and two nightstand. All the equipment of the apartment is at your disposal. We are at your disposal during your stay. This district is the oldest district of Paris: it covers mo
20848	This accommodation has an area of 16 sqm - 172 sqft, is located on 2nd French floor with elevator. It can accommodate 2 person(s) located in rue du Cardinal Lemoine , It features : 1 living/dining room,1 bathroom,kitchen. Equipment of the apartment The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, international TV channels, electric heating, kitchen, digicode, Microwave oven, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, hob, refrigerator, towels, television living/dining room With a surface of approximately 12 sqm - 129 sqft, and has 1 window(s) facing West. Equipped with : bookcase, 1 double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 2 chair(s), table. the bathroom tiled floor, shower, 1 sink (s), hairdryer. Air-conditioned bathroom Additional Information Close by :  Ideally located, this apartment is situated in the very heart of Paris, close to Paradis Latin, Institut du Monde Arabe, Panthéon, and the very well known r	This 16 square meters studio is located on rue du Cardinal Lemoine in the 5th district of Paris close to Institut du Monde Arabe. It proposes 1 living/dining room, 1 open equipped kitchen and 1 bathroom with air conditioning.  This accommodation has an area of 16 sqm - 172 sqft, is located on 2nd French floor with elevator. It can accommodate 2 person(s) located in rue du Cardinal Lemoine , It features : 1 living/dining room,1 bathroom,kitchen. Equipment of the apartment The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, international TV channels, electric heating, kitchen, digicode, Microwave oven, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, hob, refrigerator, towels, television living/dining room With a surface of approximately 12 sqm - 129 sqft, and has 1 window(s) facing West. Equipped with : bookcase, 1 double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 2 chair(s), table. the bathroom tiled floor, shower, 1 sink (s), 
20849	"The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor (without an elevator) of a typical French building. Paris apartment of 45 m2 composed of a large living room with a view over the roofs of Paris. There is room for an additional person is possible in the sofabed. The bedroom is in a mezzanine. The kitchen is separate. It is small but fully equipped. The bathroom has a bath-tub. To summarize, this apartment to rent in Paris is very well located on the ""Rue Mouffetard"" and constitutes an excellent ""pied à terre"" from which to discover the city."	"Rent a lovely apartment in Paris on the ""Rue Mouffetard"", celebrated for its daily market, world cuisine, traditional French restaurants and its old stone houses. A village preserved in its Parisian soul. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor (without an elevator) of a typical French building. Paris apartment of 45 m2 composed of a large living room with a view over the roofs of Paris. There is room for an additional person is possible in the sofabed. The bedroom is in a mezzanine. The kitchen is separate. It is small but fully equipped. The bathroom has a bath-tub. To summarize, this apartment to rent in Paris is very well located on the ""Rue Mouffetard"" and constitutes an excellent ""pied à terre"" from which to discover the city. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay if any question or needs La Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris’ historical streets a few steps away from the famous Place de la Contrescarpe, a mere 100 meters from"
20850		Au cœur du quartier Mouffetard, charmant appartement calme et lumineux de 2 pièces de 43 m2 refait entièrement à neuf  1 chambre et un sejour, 2 couchages possibles 1 cuisine  1 salle de bain 1 dressing
20851	Renovated studio in one of the most beautiful area of Paris, in the 5th district . With an easy access to all Paris , thanks to numerous bus and metro ( Austerlitz station ) . near  Jardin des Plantes  Gare d'Austerlitz Rue Mouffetard  l'Institut du Monde Arabe  La Place d'Italie  La Bastille  St Michel  Port Royal This studio is a cocoon in the middle of town, quiet and bright, facing a typical parisien courtyard. But in the middle of a lively neighborhood. Nearby are many restaurants , but also the opportunity to walk peacefully along the Seine or in the jardin des plantes . Ideal for a family holiday or a romantic weekend getaway. Or even to come to settle a few months and enjoy a special rate for longer durations. It is fully equipped . You have at your disposal a dishwasher, washing machine , refrigerator, television, internet very high-speed wireless internet, a new kitchenette, a Nespresso machine, toaster etc ... It contains a double bed or two single beds , according to your n	 studio carefully designed and equipped for a comfortable stay in Paris. Located in the heart of the Quartier Latin, 5 éme, near the Jardin des Plantes. Studio T bien équipé et décor, au centre de Paris Rive gauche, Austerlitz, Bastille          Renovated studio in one of the most beautiful area of Paris, in the 5th district . With an easy access to all Paris , thanks to numerous bus and metro ( Austerlitz station ) . near  Jardin des Plantes  Gare d'Austerlitz Rue Mouffetard  l'Institut du Monde Arabe  La Place d'Italie  La Bastille  St Michel  Port Royal This studio is a cocoon in the middle of town, quiet and bright, facing a typical parisien courtyard. But in the middle of a lively neighborhood. Nearby are many restaurants , but also the opportunity to walk peacefully along the Seine or in the jardin des plantes . Ideal for a family holiday or a romantic weekend getaway. Or even to come to settle a few months and enjoy a special rate for longer durations. It is fully equipped . You
20852	The bedrooms: 1 parental suite  1 bedroom  1 small office equiped with a single convertible sofa 	A  renovated triplex with sauna and gym in Paris’ Latin Quarter,amazing view on Museum Garden, few walks to Mouffetard, Arenes de Lutece, Pantheon, Notre Dame de Paris and the historic center . You will feel like in a beautiful home with serenity. The bedrooms: 1 parental suite  1 bedroom  1 small office equiped with a single convertible sofa  Unique triplex in a village. It also have a sauna and full gym equiped !  Also enjoy the small table surrounded  with olivers trees  in the building court ! Pantheon , Notre Dame de Paris, Sy germain 10 minutes walking  Place monge , rue mouffetard ,for restaurants and markets  The appartment has an amazing view on the garden of flowers. ligne 6 jussieu ligne 7 jussieu or place monge 
20853	Typically Parisian building of very good standing. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor with an elevator. The access is secured by a digicode and a building care taker is there 24/7. Apartment to rent in Paris of 40 m2 composed of an entrance, a kitchen, a bathroom, a living room and a bedroom. The main room is made up of a table that can accommodate up to six guests and a sofabed which makes it possible for two additional people to sleep in this apartment. The kitchen, which is entirely equipped, is separated. The bathroom has a large bath-tub with a shower and a toilet. The apartment also has a separate toilet. The bedroom has two single beds of 80×200 (they can be put side by side to form a double bed 160×20) and a single sofabed (comfortable mattress of 80×200).From here, you have a superb view on the Pantheon. This Paris apartment can sleep up to five guests. It is very calm as it gives onto an inner courtyard. It is a very beautiful place to stay, as it is a simple apartment b	Nice 40 m2 one bedroom apartment to rent in Paris, in the Latin quarter area. With a great location near the Pantheon, Luxembourg Garden and St Germain des Pres, this Paris rental can sleep 5 people. Typically Parisian building of very good standing. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor with an elevator. The access is secured by a digicode and a building care taker is there 24/7. Apartment to rent in Paris of 40 m2 composed of an entrance, a kitchen, a bathroom, a living room and a bedroom. The main room is made up of a table that can accommodate up to six guests and a sofabed which makes it possible for two additional people to sleep in this apartment. The kitchen, which is entirely equipped, is separated. The bathroom has a large bath-tub with a shower and a toilet. The apartment also has a separate toilet. The bedroom has two single beds of 80×200 (they can be put side by side to form a double bed 160×20) and a single sofabed (comfortable mattress of 80×200).From here, you have a
20854	The charme of being in the heart of Paris	The charme of being in the heart of Paris
20855	This charming apartment, with exposed beams and a fireplace, is located on the 4th floor (no elevator)  of a 17th century building with a lot of character. It consists of one large living room, a bedroom, a little kitchen with all necessary utilities and a bathroom with a shower.	Spacious and luminous 40 m² apartment right in the heart of Paris. It is beautifiully furnished, with a double exposition (the living room overlooks the street and the bedroom overlooks a quiet courtyard). This charming apartment, with exposed beams and a fireplace, is located on the 4th floor (no elevator)  of a 17th century building with a lot of character. It consists of one large living room, a bedroom, a little kitchen with all necessary utilities and a bathroom with a shower. The guests will have the keys to the apartment and two door codes. The apartment is in the very heart of Paris : you will be steps away from Notre Dame, place Saint Michel, Jardin du Luxembourg, the Latin Quarter and its numerous cafes, restaurants, bookshops, art galleries, movie theaters and shops. The apartment is very well connected to the rest of Paris. The Saint Michel metro station is 2 minutes away.
20856		Ideally located in the very centre of Paris (100m  to the Seine River), this lovely and spacious flat is a perfect place to stay in for Paris lovers and families.  Up to 6 persons. Fully equipped, it's bright, sunny and very quiet. This Duplex is organised with:  1st floor :  -A large and very light living room (40 square meters) with dining table (for 8), a queen size convertible couch and a balcony (nice view on the Collège des Bernardins).  -A large kitchen fully-furnished and equipped with a dishwasher, a micro wave, and all the pans and ustensils you need to cook (even for a baby). -Separate toilet. 2nd floor :  -One bedroom with a king size bed.  -One bedroom with one single bed. -One room with one single bed. -One large bathroom with a very large bathtub, a washbasin and a washing machine. -Separate toilet. The flat is surrounded by nice restaurants, shops, cafés, live music bars, open air markets, in a safe area of Paris, not far from the sightseeing spots without being in the 
20857	La vue est extraordinaire sur les toits les terrasses et les jardins de la Mosquée, avec le ciel plein les mirettes. Pas de vis à vis et une lumière très belle. Tout l'équipement pour bébé.	Typique 1930, parquet, cheminée, vue exceptionnelle sur les toits et les jardins de la grande mosquée et au pied du jardin des plantes. 1 chambre cabane pour un petit jusqu'à 4 ans, un lit en 160cm pour les parents, un très bon lit-sofa dans le salon. Tout équipé. La vue est extraordinaire sur les toits les terrasses et les jardins de la Mosquée, avec le ciel plein les mirettes. Pas de vis à vis et une lumière très belle. Tout l'équipement pour bébé. La cuisine est équipée, avec une chaise haute pour bb, les wc sont séparés, la salle de bain est spacieuse avec fenêtre, baignoire, table à langer, serviettes fournies, sèche-cheveux, baignoire bb, machine à laver, étendage, les literies sont excellentes, draps fournis, (lavés mais pas repassés), la chambre cabane pour un petit est un vrai plus, le lit en 160 très confortable, et le lit-sofa tout neuf dans le salon assurent le couchage de 3 adultes et un enfant, l'ascenseur, l'incroyable vue et la situation du logement vous feront passer u
20858	This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, phone. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, intercom, concierge.	This beautiful 48 square meters , 2 Bedrooms, located on rue Daubenton in the 5th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 5 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, phone. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, intercom, concierge. the whole apartment over e-mail and phone Jardin des Plantes, a green oasis in Paris Rent a property near the Jardin des Plantes and choose a lively district of Paris that is great for walking and relaxing. Family-oriented and refreshing With a population of almost 19,000, the Jardin des Plantes district is a particularly lively part of Paris and a great place to live. The green spaces near the Seine exude calm and relaxation. Particularly popular with families, a lot of Parisians also come here to take a walk with friends. The c
20859		Entre le Panthéon et le Val de Grâce, le jardin du Luxembourg et la rue Mouffetard, un ancien atelier d'artiste rénové avec hauteur sous plafond, moulures, grandes baies, coin chambre en mezzanine (avec matelas futon et accès échelle), rdc sur cour arborée, au calme. Jusqu'à 3 personnes.
20860	You enter into the foyer, followed by the dining room which has a mezzanine that is decorated with works of art and flowers (and which is just for the view as it is not accessible.)   Four steps lead you up to the living room, the kitchen, the bathroom and a very big alcove with a sofa bed and wardrobe.  The second staircase leads you to a large bedroom, which has an office area which includes a printer, a big desk where you can use your computer, a wifi router, a mini stereo and a TV. If you have a child younger than 5 with you, it is possible to install an extra bed for a child.	 It is like a mini-house, with wood floors, beams, and stairs. Located  in nice quiet and sunny courtyard. With 1 bedroom and 1 very large alcove +++ Close Bd St Germain, rue Mouffetard, Notre Dame ... Easy to move with 2 subway lines      You enter into the foyer, followed by the dining room which has a mezzanine that is decorated with works of art and flowers (and which is just for the view as it is not accessible.)   Four steps lead you up to the living room, the kitchen, the bathroom and a very big alcove with a sofa bed and wardrobe.  The second staircase leads you to a large bedroom, which has an office area which includes a printer, a big desk where you can use your computer, a wifi router, a mini stereo and a TV. If you have a child younger than 5 with you, it is possible to install an extra bed for a child. The guests can use everything, the flat is full for them. Only exception : no acces to the mezzanine (no enought security)
20861	Très agréable et calme, le studio ressemble à un petit châlet Suisse en plein Paris. Fonctionnel, équipé d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain et de toilettes. Son seul défaut pourrait être le couchage composé de 2 matelas bultex au sol, cependant pratique et confortable (un choix de notre part). Situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseurs. Accès a internet, télé etc illimité.	Appartement chaleureux de 20m2 situé en plein coeur de Paris. Le Panthéon, Notre Dame, la rue Mouffetard, les quais de Seine se trouvent à  5-10 min à pied. Métro ligne 7 et 10. Idéal pour 2, aménagé avec tout confort. Nombreux commerces à proximité. Très agréable et calme, le studio ressemble à un petit châlet Suisse en plein Paris. Fonctionnel, équipé d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain et de toilettes. Son seul défaut pourrait être le couchage composé de 2 matelas bultex au sol, cependant pratique et confortable (un choix de notre part). Situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseurs. Accès a internet, télé etc illimité. Toutes les parties du studio sont a votre disposition, vous aurez les clés et serez libre du logement. Concernant le rangement, le dessus de la mezzanine vous sera totalement accessible, les placards étant occupé par nos affaires. En plus d'être présent sur Paris durant votre séjour, et donc a votre disposition si besoin, nous vous laisserons des plans, guide avec nos commentai
20862	"HEART OF PARIS The apartment is in the ideal location, near the famous street ""rue mouffetard"". You will be in the heart of the Latin Quarter, an can access the monuments and most beautiful places in paris within walking distance.  Bright and functional, nice and quiet, the apartment is perfect either for a short or a long stay.  The building is a nice typical parisian one, and is located in the heart of Paris Latin quarter and right by the famous ""Rue Mouffetard"" well known for it s market.  For the little story, the painter Roger Chapelain-Midy used to live in this building. You will have free access to Internet wifi and can use the kitchenette I will be available if you need any help or information. Perfectly located, you will be at a walking distance from almost every monument and area in the center of Paris. There are also plenty of restaurants and shops for food or shopping.  Metro and bus pass by the area. "	"HEART OF PARIS The apartment is in the ideal location, near the famous street ""rue mouffetard"". You will be in the heart of the Latin Quarter, an can access the monuments and most beautiful places in paris within walking distance.  Bright and functional, nice and quiet, the apartment is perfect either for a short or a long stay.  The building is a nice typical parisian one, and is located in the heart of Paris Latin quarter and right by the famous ""Rue Mouffetard"" well known for it s market.  For the little story, the painter Roger Chapelain-Midy used to live in this building. You will have free access to Internet wifi and can use the kitchenette I will be available if you need any help or information. Perfectly located, you will be at a walking distance from almost every monument and area in the center of Paris. There are also plenty of restaurants and shops for food or shopping.  Metro and bus pass by the area. "
20863	Très beau logement récemment renové. Situé en plein cœur d'un quartier animé (tous commerces à proximité, café,  restaurants, cinéma, square...) A quelques minutes de la Butte aux Cailles. A environ 10min à pieds de la Rue Mouffetard, de Denfert Rochereau. ..	Beautiful studio, recently renovated, of a surface of 20 meters square. This very pleasant apartment contains:  - An entrance(entry),  - An equiped kitchen area (oven microwaves / refrigerator / necessity of cooking),  - Shower + toilets A few meters away from subway stations:  - Place d'Italie (l5, l6, l7) - Corvisard (l6) - les Gobelins  Do not hesitate to contact me if you wish more informations A few meters away from subway stations:  - Place d'Italie (l5, l6, l7) - Corvisard (l6) - les Gobelins  Loue logement à la semaine ou au mois - Prix du 29/12/14 au 05/01/15: 350 euros - Prix par semaine du 05/01/15 au 09/02/15: 280 euros/ semaine - Prix au mois pour janvier: 1000 euros
20864	Studio de 19 m² tout confort situé au 2éme étage sans ascenseur. Il comprend une pièce principale équipée d'un canapé lit , télévision câblée, connexion internet en wifi et par câble  . Une cuisine avec machine à laver et une salle d'eau avec wc. 	Charmant studio au calme situé dans une rue animée du quartier Latin.  Situé a quelques pas de Notre Dame de Paris, ce studio est idéalement situé  pour flâner et découvrir Paris et ses secrets. Studio de 19 m² tout confort situé au 2éme étage sans ascenseur. Il comprend une pièce principale équipée d'un canapé lit , télévision câblée, connexion internet en wifi et par câble  . Une cuisine avec machine à laver et une salle d'eau avec wc. Quartier latin , à quelques pas de Notre Dame de Paris  , et des petites ruelles semi piétonnes où vous trouverez de quoi vous restaurer avec gourmandise. A partir des aéroports  de Paris  : RER B (sortie Saint Michel) lignes de métros : Toute arrivée avant 14h et toute sortie après 12h (selon disponibilité) sera facturée 20€ à remettre au propriétaire de le jour de votre arrivée.
20865	Bonjour :) ! I rent out a bed into my warm apt specifically in the living room (NOTE WELL THIS POINT). The bed is used as couch at daytime. It gives access to the bathroom that we share as well as the kitchen! This is a pleasure to receive you in Paris, you'll love it! This is a thirdfloor appartement.There are also 2 bedrooms (mine and otherone) in this appartment so We will share the flat!  Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone. I supply fresh sheets, towels and a set of keys. City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. Thanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer ABOUT THIBAUT, YOUR HOST : Years of travel, years of adventure, discovery, meeting people, cultures, arts and differences. . Then one day full of knowledge and wisdom, I decided to settle down. I've found the perfect place to rest... here in Paris :) I work in biotechnology start-up! And I lov	"it is a nice appartement in the heart of Paris! You can't find a best localisation than this one, in the heart of ""quartier latin"" and 3 min walk to ""rue mouffetard"" It's just renovated and you will find every thing you need, maybe a french diner!! Bonjour :) ! I rent out a bed into my warm apt specifically in the living room (NOTE WELL THIS POINT). The bed is used as couch at daytime. It gives access to the bathroom that we share as well as the kitchen! This is a pleasure to receive you in Paris, you'll love it! This is a thirdfloor appartement.There are also 2 bedrooms (mine and otherone) in this appartment so We will share the flat!  Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone. I supply fresh sheets, towels and a set of keys. City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. Thanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer ABOUT THIBAUT, YOUR HOST : Years of travel, y"
20866		Lovely parisian apartment located in the historic  center of Paris.  Close to Notre Dame, St Germain des Prés, Panthéon, Jardin du Luxembourg.  2 rooms and 2 bathrooms.  Bright and quiet. Fully equiped.  We love sharing our gastronomy heritage and will be happy to offer you a bottle of good wine for any booking.... plus a foie gras for any weekly reservation ;-) RER B Luxembourg station (direct line from the airports - Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly) Line C - Cluny la Sorbonne station
20867	Situé dans le coeur du quartier Latin, charmant studio refait a neuf en 2014, très calme et sur une cour fleurie, au rez de chaussée d'un bel immeuble. Il est tout équipé avec un coin cuisine, frigo plaques électriques, four micro onde, ... et une salle de bain avec douche et wc. Draps et serviettes de toilettes fournies. Possibilité nettoyage et ménage. Transport aéroport sur demande. Réception et accueil par le propriétaire. Le code de la porte et le code wifi vous seront donnée à l'arrivée dans l'appartement. Par ailleurs il y a Internet Wifi à haut-débit et une TV. Vous trouverez également un fer à repasser, une table à repasser et un sèche-cheveux. LOCALISATION Situé rue des Boulangers dans le Quartier Latin (5ème arrondissement de Paris). Le quartier est très vivant et comprend de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. Borne Vélib dans la rue. metro Cardinal Lemoine (ligne10) et metro Jussieu (ligne7)	Situé dans le coeur du quartier Latin, charmant studio refait a neuf en 2014, très calme et sur une cour fleurie, au rez de chaussée d'un bel immeuble. Il est tout équipé avec un coin cuisine, frigo plaques électriques, four micro onde, ... et une salle de bain avec douche et wc. Draps et serviettes de toilettes fournies. Possibilité nettoyage et ménage. Transport aéroport sur demande. Réception et accueil par le propriétaire. Le code de la porte et le code wifi vous seront donnée à l'arrivée dans l'appartement. Par ailleurs il y a Internet Wifi à haut-débit et une TV. Vous trouverez également un fer à repasser, une table à repasser et un sèche-cheveux. LOCALISATION Situé rue des Boulangers dans le Quartier Latin (5ème arrondissement de Paris). Le quartier est très vivant et comprend de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. Borne Vélib dans la rue. metro Cardinal Lemoine (ligne10) et metro Jussieu (ligne7)
20868	Ever dreamed of living in the middle of Paris with all the luxury of free flowing space, balcony, bath for 2 people and beautiful private garden? This apartment is simply amazing and friends are always saying they have never seen anything like this in the middle of Paris.   Apartment is on the 3rd floor WITH ELEVATOR. There is a bedroom with queen size bed + sofa converts to bed, so fits 3 people.  Large fully equipped kitchen and amazing bathroom with enormous bath for the romantics.   Best part of the apartment is the views and garden- you will enjoy every minute.  Location is central Paris right next to the Pantheon beautiful Jardin Luxembourg and Jardin des Plantes.  1 stop away from St Michel and 10 mintues from the Marais.   Nearest Metro is Luxembourg (direct line to CGD airport and Orly Airport) and Place Monge.   Endless restaurants, shopping and quaint cobble stone streets to discover and explore.   Hope you have an enchanting visit in my apartment.... 	It's the dream Parisian apartment in the dream location!Spacious, bright 1 bedroom duplex apartment on quiet street with large lounge/dining area that opens onto a balcony with your own private secret garden, 2 minutes from the Pantheon & 5 minutes from Jardin Luxembourg, it is the ultimate getaway! Ever dreamed of living in the middle of Paris with all the luxury of free flowing space, balcony, bath for 2 people and beautiful private garden? This apartment is simply amazing and friends are always saying they have never seen anything like this in the middle of Paris.   Apartment is on the 3rd floor WITH ELEVATOR. There is a bedroom with queen size bed + sofa converts to bed, so fits 3 people.  Large fully equipped kitchen and amazing bathroom with enormous bath for the romantics.   Best part of the apartment is the views and garden- you will enjoy every minute.  Location is central Paris right next to the Pantheon beautiful Jardin Luxembourg and Jardin des Plantes.  1 stop away from St
20869	"Close to the Seine river and Notre Dame, our apartment is a very typical parisian flat with wooden floors ""parquets"" and fire places. You will feel comfortable , it can accomodate up to six people. You can walk to the Seine river and Notre Dame, l'île saint Louis and le Marais. You are just near the rue Mouffetard, you will enjoy a lo of typical restaurants and cafés. In our appartment you will find : a big entrance with a dressing room, on your left the living room on your right the kitchen room... There is a big living room with a sofa and armchairs, in the dining room , a dinig table and confortable chairs for 6, an electric piano. the hallway leads to the bedrooms and washroom. The master bedroom is spacious and has a double bed of 160cm, The second bedroom has twin beds or If you prefer one double bed, there is also one sofa bed of 140cm in the living room. The bath room contains bath and shower. There is also a  shower room adjoining to the second bedroom. All the appartment has "	"Close to the Seine river and Notre Dame, our apartment is a very typical parisian flat with wooden floors ""parquets"" and fire places.You will feel confortable in it, it can accomodate up to six people.You can walk to the Seine river and Notre Dame Close to the Seine river and Notre Dame, our apartment is a very typical parisian flat with wooden floors ""parquets"" and fire places. You will feel comfortable , it can accomodate up to six people. You can walk to the Seine river and Notre Dame, l'île saint Louis and le Marais. You are just near the rue Mouffetard, you will enjoy a lo of typical restaurants and cafés. In our appartment you will find : a big entrance with a dressing room, on your left the living room on your right the kitchen room... There is a big living room with a sofa and armchairs, in the dining room , a dinig table and confortable chairs for 6, an electric piano. the hallway leads to the bedrooms and washroom. The master bedroom is spacious and has a double bed of 160cm,"
20870	This One Room Flat of 16sqm offers you an interesting quality/price rate and is situated right in the heart of the Latin Quarter where many international students choose to make their home because it is a district that host Paris ‘most renowned universities. the space has been well thought and equipped so you can benefit of of private apartment in Paris's most demanded district and for an absolutely cheap price. It is equipped with all the necessary furnishing and is ideal for a couple or a single person who wants to visit the most of Paris and can do it even in a short break as you have most of Paris ‘monuments at your finger tips! The apartment is situated on the 3rd floor with steps of a nice stone building typical of those in this area: with its exposed wooden beams, the flat has lots of character and is bright and sunny. It looks onto a nice courtyard which provides the light but also a quiet atmosphere in a district known for its nightlife. The flat is composed of a main room wit	A bright flat of character for an authentical stay in Paris'most demanded district! It is a good alternative to a hotel, twice more expensive This One Room Flat of 16sqm offers you an interesting quality/price rate and is situated right in the heart of the Latin Quarter where many international students choose to make their home because it is a district that host Paris ‘most renowned universities. the space has been well thought and equipped so you can benefit of of private apartment in Paris's most demanded district and for an absolutely cheap price. It is equipped with all the necessary furnishing and is ideal for a couple or a single person who wants to visit the most of Paris and can do it even in a short break as you have most of Paris ‘monuments at your finger tips! The apartment is situated on the 3rd floor with steps of a nice stone building typical of those in this area: with its exposed wooden beams, the flat has lots of character and is bright and sunny. It looks onto a nice
20871	Le logement comprend :  - une entrée avec grande penderie,  - une cuisine toute équipée (four, plaques à induction, four micro ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetières, grille pain, mixeurs, hachoir, trancheur etc.) dans laquelle on peut manger à quatre, -  une salle à manger, avec bibliothèque et deux coins bureau, - un salon donnant sur un long balcon fleuri avec cheminée et home cinema (nous sommes cinéphiles et laissons tous nos dvd à votre disposition), - une chambre parentale avec un lit de 160x200 et un dressing attenant, - une grande chambre donnant sur un balcon fleuri avec un lit en mezzanine (90x200) et un lit d'appoint pour un enfant (80x170) et un piano,  - une salle de bain avec baignoire, - un wc séparé. 	Appartement de 4 pièces au 2e étage d'un immeuble d'angle 1900 situé entre le jardin des Plantes et le marché Mouffetard. Il est idéal pour accueillir un couple avec un enfant ou deux. Le logement comprend :  - une entrée avec grande penderie,  - une cuisine toute équipée (four, plaques à induction, four micro ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetières, grille pain, mixeurs, hachoir, trancheur etc.) dans laquelle on peut manger à quatre, -  une salle à manger, avec bibliothèque et deux coins bureau, - un salon donnant sur un long balcon fleuri avec cheminée et home cinema (nous sommes cinéphiles et laissons tous nos dvd à votre disposition), - une chambre parentale avec un lit de 160x200 et un dressing attenant, - une grande chambre donnant sur un balcon fleuri avec un lit en mezzanine (90x200) et un lit d'appoint pour un enfant (80x170) et un piano,  - une salle de bain avec baignoire, - un wc séparé. C'est un coin tranquille et aéré de la rive gauche grâce à la proximité du Jardin
20872	calm,cosy and comfort. 2 bedrooms ( one dble bed and one with two single beds) 57m squ. open kitchen fully equiped, bathroom and separate closet. It's our appartment! Not an appart hotel! fully access to: wifi, fridge, tv, PS4, DVD player, coffee machine, towels, sheets ... I speak english. I'll be there for the guest arrival and for giving any advise the guest should ask for.  quite, nice and calm area. But closed to many places such as rue mouffetard, jardin du luxembourg, quartier latin, sorbonne.  Quite a central place, by walking or by subway ( 5 mn walk only) A supermarket is just in front of our place RER B station Port Royal ou Denfert Metro ligne 7 Gobelins Bus 3 days minimum booking	Charmant appartement de 56 m2 sur petite cour fleurie, spacieux et calme, situé à 3 minutes de la rue Mouffetard et de son fameux marché. Idéalement placé, métro Gobelins sur la ligne 7, entre le jardin des plantes et le jardin du Luxembourg. calm,cosy and comfort. 2 bedrooms ( one dble bed and one with two single beds) 57m squ. open kitchen fully equiped, bathroom and separate closet. It's our appartment! Not an appart hotel! fully access to: wifi, fridge, tv, PS4, DVD player, coffee machine, towels, sheets ... I speak english. I'll be there for the guest arrival and for giving any advise the guest should ask for.  quite, nice and calm area. But closed to many places such as rue mouffetard, jardin du luxembourg, quartier latin, sorbonne.  Quite a central place, by walking or by subway ( 5 mn walk only) A supermarket is just in front of our place RER B station Port Royal ou Denfert Metro ligne 7 Gobelins Bus 3 days minimum booking Les voyageurs auront acces à tout l'appartement et aux 
20873	L'appartement en duplex est rempli de livres et n'a pas de télévision. Il est joliment meublé, de manière classique, les meubles sont anciens -et parfois fragiles- les espaces sont bien distribués et l'appartement propose deux espaces de vie (salon et salle-à-manger/cuisine), de taille correcte. Le soleil inonde les chambres le matin et le salon, la salle-à-manger et la chambre du bas l'après-midi. La rue est calme, on peut dormir toutes fenêtres ouvertes.  Il n'y a pas d'ascenseur et l'appartement est au cinquième étage. Nous habitons cet appartement tout au long de l'année avec nos quatre enfants âgés de 3 à 10 ans : nous le préparons pour que nos hôtes se sentent à la fois chez eux et à la fois au sein d'une famille parisienne. 	Cette location est le lieu idéal où séjourner lorsque l'on veut découvrir Paris : la situation est exceptionnelle et le calme est assuré pour un repos réparateur après une journée de visites. L'appartement en duplex est rempli de livres et n'a pas de télévision. Il est joliment meublé, de manière classique, les meubles sont anciens -et parfois fragiles- les espaces sont bien distribués et l'appartement propose deux espaces de vie (salon et salle-à-manger/cuisine), de taille correcte. Le soleil inonde les chambres le matin et le salon, la salle-à-manger et la chambre du bas l'après-midi. La rue est calme, on peut dormir toutes fenêtres ouvertes.  Il n'y a pas d'ascenseur et l'appartement est au cinquième étage. Nous habitons cet appartement tout au long de l'année avec nos quatre enfants âgés de 3 à 10 ans : nous le préparons pour que nos hôtes se sentent à la fois chez eux et à la fois au sein d'une famille parisienne.  Chez nous, vous serez comme chez vous et pourrez  feuilleter nos l
20874		Appartamento luminoso nel Quartiere Latino al quarto piano senza ascensore con una bella vista sul mercato e la chiesa di Saint Médard.
20875	The main room of this studio apartment ,  is full of charms,  with a very personal (website hidden) includes  a sofa bed , which is , in fact, a very comfortable bed, with a second bed , hidden under it , offering the same comfort of bedding .  A desk  and a large closet are at your disposal .Walls are decorated with very nice pictures  You have also a television, at your disposal The kitchen , adjacent to the main room,   features a dining table, a fridge, electric hob, a big choice of kitchen ustensils and table ware The bath room is spacious  and includes a bath tub, a wash basin, and toilet 	This studio is very warm. It is fully equipped It is located on the 2nd floor of a historic building in the rue Mouffetard, which is famous for its animation. It is located near the Latin Quarter. The main room of this studio apartment ,  is full of charms,  with a very personal (website hidden) includes  a sofa bed , which is , in fact, a very comfortable bed, with a second bed , hidden under it , offering the same comfort of bedding .  A desk  and a large closet are at your disposal .Walls are decorated with very nice pictures  You have also a television, at your disposal The kitchen , adjacent to the main room,   features a dining table, a fridge, electric hob, a big choice of kitchen ustensils and table ware The bath room is spacious  and includes a bath tub, a wash basin, and toilet  Mouffetard  quarter is one of the most lively and the most picturesque in  Paris  Rue Mouffetard is the main street., and is like a village !!!! You will find both, food shops, clothes, objects,  rest
20876	Studio in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, down the Rue Mouffetard. Family neighborhood, famous for its restaurants, bakeries, shopping streets, cobbled alleys, the Paris mosque and plants garden.  The studio is very easily accessible through public transports from every train station and airport of Paris. The Luxembourg Park is 10 minutes walk away. It takes 5 minutes to get to the metro (subway) so that you can reach the very center of Paris in 10 minutes. You can also get to the underground within 10 minutes, which is direct to both airports (Charles de Gaulle & Orly). If you come by train, it is also really easy : the 5 main train stations are direct by bus, metro or RER.  The studio is quite small (13 square meters) yet very functional and contains all the elements in one room : a shower, a kitchen, a sink, a table, a sofa bed... Caution : toilets are in the hallway / corridor, but they are private (you'll have a key). The studio is on the 1st floor, so you don't have to take any 	Little studio in the old-fashioned Paris, in one of the finest districts and near the center of the city. Ideal for a single visitor or a couple who wants to fully enjoy what Paris has to offer. Studio in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, down the Rue Mouffetard. Family neighborhood, famous for its restaurants, bakeries, shopping streets, cobbled alleys, the Paris mosque and plants garden.  The studio is very easily accessible through public transports from every train station and airport of Paris. The Luxembourg Park is 10 minutes walk away. It takes 5 minutes to get to the metro (subway) so that you can reach the very center of Paris in 10 minutes. You can also get to the underground within 10 minutes, which is direct to both airports (Charles de Gaulle & Orly). If you come by train, it is also really easy : the 5 main train stations are direct by bus, metro or RER.  The studio is quite small (13 square meters) yet very functional and contains all the elements in one room : a shower, 
20877	Attic Studio ideally located to visit Paris, between Notre Dame and the Pantheon (5 min walk), with breathtaking views. Perfectly equipped for a single person or a couple, or two friends sharing the same bed (double sofa).  The flat is professionally cleaned before every visit, and we provide fresh bedsheets and towels so you can feel right at home. Kitchenette equipped with sink, fridge and plates. Corner toilet with shower and sink, but no toilet inside (next door, typical Parisian squat toilets). TV with cable and wi - fi available. Modern, simple and practical furnishings. No pets. The apartment is quiet, with breathtaking views.  Secure building with caretaker residence, lift, very quiet (no noise).	Small but cozy, a little nest for 2 under the roofs, with the most romantic view of the world: Notre Dame on one side and the Pantheon of the other! All in the best area to visit Paris (Sorbonne). TV, Internet / Wifi, small kitchen, shower. Attic Studio ideally located to visit Paris, between Notre Dame and the Pantheon (5 min walk), with breathtaking views. Perfectly equipped for a single person or a couple, or two friends sharing the same bed (double sofa).  The flat is professionally cleaned before every visit, and we provide fresh bedsheets and towels so you can feel right at home. Kitchenette equipped with sink, fridge and plates. Corner toilet with shower and sink, but no toilet inside (next door, typical Parisian squat toilets). TV with cable and wi - fi available. Modern, simple and practical furnishings. No pets. The apartment is quiet, with breathtaking views.  Secure building with caretaker residence, lift, very quiet (no noise). No noise after 10 pm. The apartment is locate
20878	This apartment is located in an haussmannian-style building (parisian style). It has old-style wood floor and high ceiling.  The 110 m2 apartment has 5 rooms : a living room with the Place Maubert view, a dining room, 3 bedrooms, 1 kitchen and 2 bathrooms. It was fully renovated last january.  This apartment is on the second floor and the building is provided with an elevator. This a spacious and warm apartment has 6 sleeps: - Three real bedrooms separated one to another. The master bedroom includes a comfortable, full sized bed (double bed) and plenty of shelving for your clothes. The second bedroom includes a single bed.  The third bedroom includes a mezzanine double bed (for two children) and a comfortable sofa bed (for two adults).  - A large living room with 2 couches, a television, a bookcase, and a separate dining room, with a table and 6 seats (extending table), - Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, coffee maker, microwave, oven, and everything you might need to cook, with a ta	This apartment is located in an haussmannian-style building (parisian style). It has old-style wood floor and high ceiling.  The 110 m2 apartment has 5 rooms : a living room with the Place Maubert view, a dining room, 3 bedrooms, 1 kitchen and 2 bathrooms. It was fully renovated last january.  This apartment is on the second floor and the building is provided with an elevator. This a spacious and warm apartment has 6 sleeps: - Three real bedrooms separated one to another. The master bedroom includes a comfortable, full sized bed (double bed) and plenty of shelving for your clothes. The second bedroom includes a single bed.  The third bedroom includes a mezzanine double bed (for two children) and a comfortable sofa bed (for two adults).  - A large living room with 2 couches, a television, a bookcase, and a separate dining room, with a table and 6 seats (extending table), - Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, coffee maker, microwave, oven, and everything you might need to cook, with a ta
20879		Appartement agreable donnant sur cour, en plein milieu du 5e arrondissement, rue du Cardinal Lemoine, au coeur de Paris.
20880	It is newly renovated.   The kitchen is fully equiped. There is a large windows letting the sun shine in all the appartment. I have Wifi, Netflix, Cable TV, and a computer at your disposition.	"Located in the heart of old Paris right by the infamous rue Mouffetard with its charming coffee places and neighborhood stores and just 5 minutes walking distance from the Pantheon, the Sorbonne and the Luxembourg garden... It is newly renovated.   The kitchen is fully equiped. There is a large windows letting the sun shine in all the appartment. I have Wifi, Netflix, Cable TV, and a computer at your disposition. Transportation:  The nearest metro station is ""Censier-Daubenton"", line 7. Other metro stations are:  Place d'Italie"" on lines 5, 6 and 7.  ""Luxembourg"", on line B of the train taking you to both airports Roissy Charles de Gaule and Orly. I'll make sure to have someone to welcome you and give you a set of keys.  I'll leave a list of nice places to go for drinks and eat. Located in the heart of old Paris right by the infamous rue Mouffetard with its charming coffee places and neighborhood stores and just 5 minutes walking distance from the Pantheon, the Sorbonne and the Luxembo"
20881	It's a spacious bedroom with two sofabeds, TV and wifi, perfect for one or two persons. As there is two sofa bed, the room can receive two more guests, but then the space will become slightly narrow and the comfort won't be optimal. It is a second floor appartement, but the room may be very sunny in the summer afternoons.	"A spacious bedroom (for 1 to 4 people max) with 2 sofabeds, on a peacefull street,  in a 70m2 appartement near the ""jardin des plantes"", in the Latin Quarter, on the Left Bank of the Seine. My roomate Hannah and I will share the appartement with you. It's a spacious bedroom with two sofabeds, TV and wifi, perfect for one or two persons. As there is two sofa bed, the room can receive two more guests, but then the space will become slightly narrow and the comfort won't be optimal. It is a second floor appartement, but the room may be very sunny in the summer afternoons. Guests will have access to the  the kitchen,and the bathroom, that they would share with my roomate and me. You'll be sharing the appartement with my roomate and me, so we'll interact a lot I guess, but your room is quite large and cosy so you can easily get some privacy. The appartement is in a very peaceful and near-to-quite-everything neibourhood. In this area you'll find: the jardin des plantes and its museum of natur"
20882		Nice little bedroom in the 5th district of Paris. Window is on a yard so it is rather quiet. I rent only one of the bedroom but you 'll have access to the kitchen, toilets and livingroom so you can cook , watch a movie or just hang out there :). You would be sharing the common parts (livingroom, kitchen ...) with me, a 26 years old student. I'm actually doing a thesis so I got lots of work and  I will not trouble you much :) The 5th district is actually one of the oldest of paris. You have, 2 minuts away the roman arenas, built 2000 years ago, And not far neither the roman therms of Cluny. Metros and bus close by.
20883	Very unique flat. Calm. Built in a small building (3 floors).  In the middle of Quartier Latin, center of historical Paris Healthy location, next to Jardin des Plantes (perfect for walking/ running)	"Our flat is ideally located just at the corner of the Jardin des Plantes (most beautiful park of Paris), 5 min walking to Rue Mouffetard, 7 min to La Seine. The bus stop takes you directly to Le Marais (10 minutes), Chatelet, The Louvre. Very unique flat. Calm. Built in a small building (3 floors).  In the middle of Quartier Latin, center of historical Paris Healthy location, next to Jardin des Plantes (perfect for walking/ running) - living room / dinning room - corridor - bedroom - bathroom with washing machine - equiped kitchen with washing machine - separate toilets The 5th arrondissement of Paris (also known as ""arrondissement du Panthéon"") is one of the 20 arrondissements (administrative districts) of the capital city of France. Situated on the left bank of the River Seine, it is one of the central arrondissements of the capital. The arrondissement is notable for being the location of the Quartier Latin, a district dominated by universities, colleges, and prestigious high schools"
20884	Calme et Lumineux Ce charmant appartement situé en plein cœur de la Capitale vous séduira par son bel agencement. Au 2ème étage, ce deux pièces se compose d’une chambre sur cour calme et confortable, une salle de bain, et un séjour calme qui donne sur rue, avec un canapé convertible pouvant accueillir deux personnes. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (lave linge...) Vous y passerez un séjour inoubliable!a     Quartier Latin Le quartier Latin est un des quartiers de Paris les plus connus au monde. A l'est se trouve le très connu Saint Germain des Près, au nord la Seine et la somptueuse cathédrale de Notre Dame de Paris, et à l'est le jardin des plantes. Le quartier Latin est un quartier très touristique avec ses rues étroites, et piétonnes comme la rue de la Harpe ou de la Huchette. Dans ce quartier il y a de très nombreux restaurants et boutiques. Vous pourrez aller vous promener au jardin du Luxembourg, et y admirer le magnifique palais du Luxembourg, ou également contempler et visit	Calme et Lumineux Ce charmant appartement situé en plein cœur de la Capitale vous séduira par son bel agencement. Au 2ème étage, ce deux pièces se compose d’une chambre sur cour calme et confortable, une salle de bain, et un séjour calme qui donne sur rue, avec un canapé convertible pouvant accueillir deux personnes. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (lave linge...) Vous y passerez un séjour inoubliable!a     Quartier Latin Le quartier Latin est un des quartiers de Paris les plus connus au monde. A l'est se trouve le très connu Saint Germain des Près, au nord la Seine et la somptueuse cathédrale de Notre Dame de Paris, et à l'est le jardin des plantes. Le quartier Latin est un quartier très touristique avec ses rues étroites, et piétonnes comme la rue de la Harpe ou de la Huchette. Dans ce quartier il y a de très nombreux restaurants et boutiques. Vous pourrez aller vous promener au jardin du Luxembourg, et y admirer le magnifique palais du Luxembourg, ou également contempler et visit
20885	Parisian studio is a precious studio of 27 square meters tastefully furnished and located in central Paris (5th district), right next to rue Mouffetard, Panthéon, and Luxembourg garden and few minutes walking distance to Notre-Dame.  We are happy to offer you the authentic French breakfast, you will have enough for a few days! Very quiet (giving upon a garden) and enlightened, this cozy studio is on the 3rd and last floor, with elevator. No bother at all!   It's located in a very Nice building (part of the French Heritage) Fully equipped kitchen with all you need to cook, Internet and Linen, etc... What will you need : Only tooth brush required and your suitcase or bag! Have a look at the photos to see more, and let me know if you have any questions. There are great restaurants around and nearby, and all the other Paris essentials - lovely bakeries (boulangeries), coffee shops (cafes), brewery (brasseries), cheese (fromagerie), just to mention a few... Perfect for Traveler who want to 	Parisian studio is a precious studio of 27 square meters tastefully furnished and located in central Paris (5th district), right next to rue Mouffetard, Panthéon, and Luxembourg garden and few minutes walking distance to Notre-Dame.  We are happy to offer you the authentic French breakfast, you will have enough for a few days! Very quiet (giving upon a garden) and enlightened, this cozy studio is on the 3rd and last floor, with elevator. No bother at all!   It's located in a very Nice building (part of the French Heritage) Fully equipped kitchen with all you need to cook, Internet and Linen, etc... What will you need : Only tooth brush required and your suitcase or bag! Have a look at the photos to see more, and let me know if you have any questions. There are great restaurants around and nearby, and all the other Paris essentials - lovely bakeries (boulangeries), coffee shops (cafes), brewery (brasseries), cheese (fromagerie), just to mention a few... Perfect for Traveler who want to 
20886	One principal room, a small kitchen, a bathroom and toilets	You will find a very nice place to stay between a walk and a visit accross the streets of Paris. Very quiet and confortable, you will enjoy your days in Paris. There is everything you need in the area: many restaurants from all around the world: Italy, French, Indian, Corse; many shops to buy food (for vegetarian to). You are ten minutes away by walk from the very charming Mouffetard and Pantheon streets. The Metro is very closed to: line 5/10 and C , and buses. One principal room, a small kitchen, a bathroom and toilets You are welcome in the entire flat I can suggest you visit if you need to Le jardin des plantes ! Line M 5/10  RER C Bus 91
20887	In the heart of Latin quarter, close to Pantheon, Sorbonne, lycée Henri IV, rue Mouffetard, place de la Contrescarpe, bd st Michel...50 m2 flat with terrace 25 m2.  living + bedroom space with bed for 2 persons. Cabin separated with 2 bump beds. bathroom, kitchen. Recent building with lift, marmor hall...	In the heart of Latin quarter, close to Pantheon, Sorbonne, lycée Henri IV, rue Mouffetard, place de la Contrescarpe, bd st Michel...50 m2 flat with terrace 25 m2.  living + bedroom space with bed for 2 persons. Cabin separated with 2 bump beds. bathroom, kitchen. Recent building with lift, marmor hall...
20888	- 2 rooms Apartment, 50sq, on the 3rd floor with elevator, quiet, bright, fully equipped. - 1 bedroom with a real bed (160 by 190) and 2 storage shelves - Spacious kitchen fully equipped (fridge, freezer, oven, hob, dishwasher ...) - Quiet and secure building - Flat screen TV + Wifi - WC and separate bathroom	"- 2 rooms Apartment, 50sq, quiet, bright, fully equipped, 3rd floor with elevator - Hyper-center of Paris with entertainment and shops at the foot of the building - Notre Dame, Pantheon, 4m by foot  - Eiffel Tower, C.Elysées, Louvre 10mn metro - 2 rooms Apartment, 50sq, on the 3rd floor with elevator, quiet, bright, fully equipped. - 1 bedroom with a real bed (160 by 190) and 2 storage shelves - Spacious kitchen fully equipped (fridge, freezer, oven, hob, dishwasher ...) - Quiet and secure building - Flat screen TV + Wifi - WC and separate bathroom On foot: Notre Dame, the Pantheon, Lutece Arenas , ""Quartier Latin"", the Seine banks (4min) Shops and restaurants in bottom of the building Metro / bus (lines 7 and 10 by 2min - Line 4 by 5 min): Eiffel Tower - C.Elysées - Louvre (10 min) Defense (20 min) ""Velib"" Station at the foot of the building For more details, please feel free to contact me by mail or phone, I am at your disposal. Apartment ideally located in the center of Paris: -Shop"
20889	1920 style and art director decoration gives the place   light calm and cool atmosphere . I rent two different large rooms same style for calm people and calm use . it is a private home and atelier .very nice for University stay and also enjoy for hollidays.	"20 m2 ""guest room"" sunny , all equiped.1920 traditional parisian building in my home/atelier near Notre-Dame and Moufetard. Balcony on bvd st-germain . Hy sealing ,,,wifi.  Acess: kitchen(washing machine)bathroom, dining room. three metros .Calm use. 1920 style and art director decoration gives the place   light calm and cool atmosphere . I rent two different large rooms same style for calm people and calm use . it is a private home and atelier .very nice for University stay and also enjoy for hollidays. you have acess to bathroom kitchen any time . You leave the place clean after using it . You can use  dining room for eating . Each of the two guests is very independant . we have nice exchange talks . I am helpfull to the guest and very independant . paris 75005  and boulevard saint germain are very central and famous with cinema arts and cafes and bars .very near from all activities in paris . appart is located near Sorbonne , very easy to acess Opera , champs elyses , all districts "
20890	The property has a 10m balcony allowing a unique view of the street Mouffetard. Also on Sunday, the music of multi-instrumentalist from St. Medard square will wake you gently in a typical Parisian atmosphere.	On the edge of the Latin distric, double room homestay on the 5th floor overlooking the street and mouffetard roofs of Paris, 1km from Notre Dame. The property has a 10m balcony allowing a unique view of the street Mouffetard. Also on Sunday, the music of multi-instrumentalist from St. Medard square will wake you gently in a typical Parisian atmosphere. I will be (except if I m travelling) in the flat during the stay, at least at night. Opportunity to share some informations about nearby restaurants or unusual places.
20891	Please note that we have a dog, so please consider when booking (of course we live there too!).  Our lovely apartment is 65m2 (~ 700 Sq Ft) and has two bedrooms and an open kitchen / living space.   We love to cook, so the kitchen is fully equipped (but there is no microwave).  Located on the 2nd floor (with an elevator) the apartment is very luminous.  We are between two courtyards so our place is nice and serene (much appreciated in a busy city like Paris). WE KNOW reading the rules is not fun,  but we want you to have a nice stay and it is best if you know what to expect.  So PLEASE read house rules before contacting us.	Our comfortable apartment is the perfect place to relax after a long day of sightseeing in Paris.  Located near Mouffetard in the Gobelins district, the neighborhood has a lot to offer with easy access to public transport. Please note that we have a dog, so please consider when booking (of course we live there too!).  Our lovely apartment is 65m2 (~ 700 Sq Ft) and has two bedrooms and an open kitchen / living space.   We love to cook, so the kitchen is fully equipped (but there is no microwave).  Located on the 2nd floor (with an elevator) the apartment is very luminous.  We are between two courtyards so our place is nice and serene (much appreciated in a busy city like Paris). WE KNOW reading the rules is not fun,  but we want you to have a nice stay and it is best if you know what to expect.  So PLEASE read house rules before contacting us. We live in the apartment and above all we want you to feel at home.  We share the kitchen, living room, bathroom and WC.    You will be provided 
20892	"I rent the bedroom wich is located behing the living room and it gives the access to the bathroom. Either I or someone else occupy the living room. You will share the flat! I invite you to check the comments to make sure that it totally works. Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone.  I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of keys.  City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. Thanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer.   The apartment is within a short walking distance from : - metro line 7 : Censier Daubenton, 3 mn walking - One of Paris' liveliest streets and typical market ""Rue Mouffetard"" : 50 meters from the apartment  - Lutetia Arena ""Les Arènes de Lutece"" and the Arab World Institute : 5 minutes walking  - the Pantheon & la Sorbonne University : 10 minutes walking  - the Cathedral Notre Dame, Luxembourg Garden, the Seine river and l'Ile Saint Loui"	"Hello :) I rent out the room into my warm apt.  It gives access to the bathroom that we share as well as the kitchen. Always a pleasure to receive you in Paris, you'll love it. I rent the bedroom wich is located behing the living room and it gives the access to the bathroom. Either I or someone else occupy the living room. You will share the flat! I invite you to check the comments to make sure that it totally works. Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone.  I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of keys.  City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. Thanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer.   The apartment is within a short walking distance from : - metro line 7 : Censier Daubenton, 3 mn walking - One of Paris' liveliest streets and typical market ""Rue Mouffetard"" : 50 meters from the apartment  - Lutetia Arena ""Les Arènes de Lutece"" and the Arab World"
20893	COCORICO!! The apartment won the second prize of decoration on the biggest women magazine sold in France, named Femme Actuelle. ABOUT THE APARTMENT The apartment is located on the 2nd floor (third for US) and is about 27m². It has hardwood floors and it was all renovated with a cosy design. Without lift, the building has two entries with two codes security system,and the apartment is situated behind the courtyard. It has two high security locks on front door. It can welcome 2 people, preferably a couple. This one-bedroom is composed of :  -Living room with sofa : approx 12m², 1 window -Bedroom with standrard double bed, (queen size bed :140X200 cm) : approx 12m², 1 window -Bathroom : approx 3m², with toilet, 1 window Apartment appliances and equipment :  - all linen and towels. - Washing machine dryer, iron and iron board, vacuum cleaner, hair dryer. - Refrigerator, oven, microwave, hot plates, coffee maker, kettle, toaster. - Tv, cable Tv basic access, Dvd- blue ray player, stereo - W	I'm so lucky to have this apartment. It's comfortable, cosy and really quiete, even though it's in the heart of Paris. Its location is amazing in street Rue de la Huchette, just a few steps away from Cathedral Notre Dame. You will love it too ! COCORICO!! The apartment won the second prize of decoration on the biggest women magazine sold in France, named Femme Actuelle. ABOUT THE APARTMENT The apartment is located on the 2nd floor (third for US) and is about 27m². It has hardwood floors and it was all renovated with a cosy design. Without lift, the building has two entries with two codes security system,and the apartment is situated behind the courtyard. It has two high security locks on front door. It can welcome 2 people, preferably a couple. This one-bedroom is composed of :  -Living room with sofa : approx 12m², 1 window -Bedroom with standrard double bed, (queen size bed :140X200 cm) : approx 12m², 1 window -Bathroom : approx 3m², with toilet, 1 window Apartment appliances and equ
20894	"Very luminous and totally renovated apartment on the 4th floor, near Place Monge and ""Rue Moufettard"" in the latin quarter (Vème arrondissement).  You have at your disposal the entire apartment and you will be free to use independently. The apartment is completely equipped : one large sofa bed in the bedroom and an other sofa bed in the living room, a bathroom with a bath and an italian shower, separated restroom. The Kitchen is full-equipped, there is all you need to cook and an user-friendly american bar. Apartment equipment : Fridge-freezer, a combined microwave oven and oven, ceramic glass cooktop, coffe-machine, kettle, dish-washer,  an combined washing machine and dumble-dryer, iron, hairdryer, sheets, towels, etc… + high-speed internet Ideal apartment for a couple, a family or buisiness travelers. Perfect from 2 guests but possibility to welcome 4 guests.  Housework is inclued in the price and it’s possible to do a price reduction for booking more than a week. The apartment is l"	"Nice Flat Place Monge Latin quarter Very luminous and totally renovated apartment on the 4th floor, near Place Monge and ""Rue Moufettard"" in the latin quarter (Vème arrondissement).  You have at your disposal the entire apartment and you will be free to use independently. The apartment is completely equipped : one large sofa bed in the bedroom and an other sofa bed in the living room, a bathroom with a bath and an italian shower, separated restroom. The Kitchen is full-equipped, there is all you need to cook and an user-friendly american bar. Apartment equipment : Fridge-freezer, a combined microwave oven and oven, ceramic glass cooktop, coffe-machine, kettle, dish-washer,  an combined washing machine and dumble-dryer, iron, hairdryer, sheets, towels, etc… + high-speed internet Ideal apartment for a couple, a family or buisiness travelers. Perfect from 2 guests but possibility to welcome 4 guests.  Housework is inclued in the price and it’s possible to do a price reduction for booking "
20895	Se situant au 5ème étage il laisse le soleil illuminer vos matinés. Possédant une machine à laver le linge, un micro onde, une bouilloire, un grill pain un four, des plaques électriques, et une douche spacieuse 	Beautiful studio 25sqm fully renovated since 03/2014 located in the heart of the 5th arrondissement of Paris in front of the Jardin des Plantes, 5 min walk from the Arenes de Lutece moufetard Street and 15 minutes from the Gare d'Austerlitz and Hall  Se situant au 5ème étage il laisse le soleil illuminer vos matinés. Possédant une machine à laver le linge, un micro onde, une bouilloire, un grill pain un four, des plaques électriques, et une douche spacieuse  Les métro les plus proches sont Jussieu ligne 10 et ligne 7 et Place Monge  La place du Châtelet se trouvant à seulement 4 stations et à 20 minutes en métro des Champs Elysées. Le studio est fait pour deux personnes il comprend un grand lit double mais il peut également loger 2 personnes de plus sur un canapé lit dépliable. Je recherche des voyageurs sérieux et de confiance j'exige un minimum d'information à leur égard pour un séjour et une location réussis :)  Et que chacun y trouve bénéfice! En cas de besoin je logerais chez une 
20896	** L’appartement est composé d’une chambre avec lit double, d’une cuisine séparée équipée, d’une salle de bain, de toilette et d’un séjour.  L’appartement est dans une belle cour intérieure calme et typique de Paris, au second étage.  ** The apartment has a bedroom with a double bed, a separate kitchen, a bathroom, a toilet and a living space. The apartment is located on the second floor in a quiet, beautiful courtyard, typical for Paris.	** L’appartement est composé d’une chambre avec lit double, d’une cuisine séparée équipée, d’une salle de bain, de toilette et d’un séjour.  L’appartement est dans une belle cour intérieure calme et typique de Paris, au second étage.  ** The apartment has a bedroom with a double bed, a separate kitchen, a bathroom, a toilet and a living space. The apartment is located on the second floor in a quiet, beautiful courtyard, typical for Paris. **Nous mettons à disposition des draps et des serviettes. Une machine à laver avec lessive est également à disposition. **We provide sheets and towels. A washing machine with wash powder is also available.  We speak English, French, Russian and Ukrainian... ** L’appartement est situé dans la célèbre rue Mouffetard, en face de l'église Saint-Médard, en plein centre du quartier latin et à 5 minutes à pied du Panthéon et des arènes de Lutèce.  La rue Mouffetard  est très prisée des touristes et très fréquentée en raison de ses nombreux restaurants.   ** 
20897	My apartment has two rooms : one living room, very welcoming and pleasant, with a tv and some French books. And a big bedroom, with furniture you can use to feel at ease and a view the sky  when you wake up.  2 double beds : one brand new queen size bed, very comfortable, in the bedroom and a convertible sofa in the living room (don’t even try to worry, I slept on in for a year, and it’s nice).  Kitchen : it's a bit old and need some fresh painting but its has with a big fridge, a freezer, a microwave, an oven,  electric cooktop and kitchen ustensile to use them and basic food if you want to cook. Washing Machine Hair Dryer  Wi fi  TV  THE BUILDING And old and typical buildling, with nice and helpful neighbors.  You have a supermarket just in front, open from 8.30am to 22 pm, very convenient.  It’s safe (video surveillance) Just up the street you have the beautiful Place de la Contrescarpe, with bars, and just down the streets, you can enter the Jardin des Plantes.  	Nice and welcoming appartment in the center of the Quartier Latin.  My apartment has two rooms : one living room, very welcoming and pleasant, with a tv and some French books. And a big bedroom, with furniture you can use to feel at ease and a view the sky  when you wake up.  2 double beds : one brand new queen size bed, very comfortable, in the bedroom and a convertible sofa in the living room (don’t even try to worry, I slept on in for a year, and it’s nice).  Kitchen : it's a bit old and need some fresh painting but its has with a big fridge, a freezer, a microwave, an oven,  electric cooktop and kitchen ustensile to use them and basic food if you want to cook. Washing Machine Hair Dryer  Wi fi  TV  THE BUILDING And old and typical buildling, with nice and helpful neighbors.  You have a supermarket just in front, open from 8.30am to 22 pm, very convenient.  It’s safe (video surveillance) Just up the street you have the beautiful Place de la Contrescarpe, with bars, and just down the
20898		A beautiful 3 room apartment, 65m^2, in a typical parisian building, 2nd floor, all amenities, TV, internet, phone, washing machine, hardwood floor, fireplace. In the Latin quarter, near Place Monge
20899	AMENITIES: -Elegant and spacious apartment in the chic 5th arrondissement -3 private and separate bedrooms -2 separate bathrooms and 2 separate toilets -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro: Place Monge (Line 7) This 140sqm apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a secure residential Paris apartment building without an elevator. This beautiful apartment located on Rue Lacépède is spacious and airy with high ceilings throughout. No more cramped hotel rooms, stay in Paris in style and luxury at this central apartment. On entering the apartment, you are met with a large entryway and side table, and from this you have access to the other rooms in the apartment. To the front of the property, you have the large living area with comfortable sofas that can easily seat 6 people. Individually decorated with taste and an eye for design, the living room is a fantastic place to relax after a hard day of sightseeing, shopping or strolling along the Seine! The living room also has a flat screen 	5th Arrondissement Latin Quarter Apartment  140 sqm, 1 Living Room, 1 Dining Room, 1 Kitchen, 3 separate Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, 1 Balcony, Sleeps 6 AMENITIES: -Elegant and spacious apartment in the chic 5th arrondissement -3 private and separate bedrooms -2 separate bathrooms and 2 separate toilets -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro: Place Monge (Line 7) This 140sqm apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a secure residential Paris apartment building without an elevator. This beautiful apartment located on Rue Lacépède is spacious and airy with high ceilings throughout. No more cramped hotel rooms, stay in Paris in style and luxury at this central apartment. On entering the apartment, you are met with a large entryway and side table, and from this you have access to the other rooms in the apartment. To the front of the property, you have the large living area with comfortable sofas that can easily seat 6 people. Individually decorated with taste and an eye for design, the livin
20900	Beautiful bright apartment on the top floor (with elevator) of a quiet building on a quiet street. Beautiful view of the Paris skyline, the Grand Mosque, the botanical garden and the Pantheon. Balcony with plants, you can eat on the balcony if you are not too fat ... :) A large Swedish king size bed in the room that is away from the street side, so a very calm room to sleep. The sofa and Fatboy will help you relax in the lounge. You will have in the apartment : Internet, HD TV 152 cm ! ( its like a HUUUGE TV ) with DVD player and 500 TV channels, books, many plants (thank you to take care of them during my absence). Fridge and freezer and a convection oven, a microwave, pans, ceramic knives, etc. etc.. will allow you to make good meal You are literally a few steps from the famous Rue Mouffetard without having to fear the noise of party peoples , but also 5 minute walk from the Jardin des Plantes (for morning jogging) the Pantheon, and Luxembourg Gardens. Gobelins Metro Station is 25 me	Very bright and relaxing apartment on the top floor (with elevator) of a quiet building in a quiet street . Beautiful vue on the sky of Paris, the Grand Mosque, the botanical garden and the Pantheon. Beautiful bright apartment on the top floor (with elevator) of a quiet building on a quiet street. Beautiful view of the Paris skyline, the Grand Mosque, the botanical garden and the Pantheon. Balcony with plants, you can eat on the balcony if you are not too fat ... :) A large Swedish king size bed in the room that is away from the street side, so a very calm room to sleep. The sofa and Fatboy will help you relax in the lounge. You will have in the apartment : Internet, HD TV 152 cm ! ( its like a HUUUGE TV ) with DVD player and 500 TV channels, books, many plants (thank you to take care of them during my absence). Fridge and freezer and a convection oven, a microwave, pans, ceramic knives, etc. etc.. will allow you to make good meal You are literally a few steps from the famous Rue Mouff
20901	charming flat with terrace and chimney.. -1 bedroom with 1 double bed (2 people) -1 bedroom with 1 double bed (2 people) -1 double bedroom: one at the bottom with 1 double bed + 1 child bed (1.75 meter) / one at the top (mezzanine, separated by stores) with 1 double bed + 1 single bed (from 4 to 6 people) -2 bathroom -1 separated restroom	Superb & original apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter.With  4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms a kitchen, a large living room and...a Terrace with the view on Notre Dame and Paris' roofs ! --> Come and enjoy the warm and friendly atmosphere of this flat charming flat with terrace and chimney.. -1 bedroom with 1 double bed (2 people) -1 bedroom with 1 double bed (2 people) -1 double bedroom: one at the bottom with 1 double bed + 1 child bed (1.75 meter) / one at the top (mezzanine, separated by stores) with 1 double bed + 1 single bed (from 4 to 6 people) -2 bathroom -1 separated restroom the whole flat You will find a lot of nice monuments and exhibitions to visits nearby. The monuments or parks to see nearby are Notre Dame, Le Pantheon, la Sorbonne, Le Jardin Des Plantes (beautiful garden), le Jardin du Luxembourg (garden), l’Institut du Monde Arabe ...at less than 10 minutes by walk...! by metro, bicycle, train...
20902	Four people will fit comfortably but can manage up to four depending on the sleeping arrangements. We have a double bed (140 x 200cm) in the bed room, you can also arrange the sofa as a double bed or a simple bed. The sofa is originally 100cm large and 200cm long, we have an extra modul to put in the corner that create a 200x200cm double bed. It's not confortable like a bed but it is really correct (I have tried and it's ok !) If you would rather eat at home, no problem, there are shops and supermarkets up or down the street. Wine shops and wine tasting are also available in the area. The apartment is located in a quiet street so you can just walk away from the hustle and bustle when you’ve had enough and take refuge and rest. The kitchen is full furnished (dish washer, fridge, microwave, oven, pans, plates etc.) Feel free to use it but please replace the items where you find them. The bathroom is full furnished too (soap, shampoo, conditionner, towels, hair dryer.	Our home is carefully decorated, cosy and comfortable. It is on the fourth floor (very bright) with a typical balcony (small but nice!) of a six floors Haussmannian building. 65m2. T2. The quarter is typical near a charming church and marketplace. Four people will fit comfortably but can manage up to four depending on the sleeping arrangements. We have a double bed (140 x 200cm) in the bed room, you can also arrange the sofa as a double bed or a simple bed. The sofa is originally 100cm large and 200cm long, we have an extra modul to put in the corner that create a 200x200cm double bed. It's not confortable like a bed but it is really correct (I have tried and it's ok !) If you would rather eat at home, no problem, there are shops and supermarkets up or down the street. Wine shops and wine tasting are also available in the area. The apartment is located in a quiet street so you can just walk away from the hustle and bustle when you’ve had enough and take refuge and rest. The kitchen is 
20903	Un vrai lit et un canapé lit de qualité, permettent à 4 personnes de profiter d'un quartier historique de Paris, proche du Panthéon et de la rue Mouffetard.  	Venez découvrir un quartier historique de Paris. Entre le Jardin des Plantes, les Arènes de Lutèce, la rue Mouffetard et le Panthéon, ce duplex de charme mansardé, moderne et chaleureux, idéalement situé, vous permet de découvrir le tout Paris à pied. Un vrai lit et un canapé lit de qualité, permettent à 4 personnes de profiter d'un quartier historique de Paris, proche du Panthéon et de la rue Mouffetard.   Internet wifi, Chaine hifi, Télévision par satellite
20904	"Ideally located in a very authentic and lively neighborhood, walking distance to such favorite places and historical landmarks as Le Panthéon, Notre Dame, La Sorbonne, la rue Mouffetard, it actually overlooks the Roman Arènes de Lutèce!  It is ""25 meters to the Cardinal Lemoine metro stop (line 10) and the #89 bus (direct to the Bibliothèque François Mitterand) and five minutes to the Jussieu stop (line 7), a direct line to the Louvre and the Place de l'Opéra."" Typical French open air markets and all types of ""boutiques"" and restaurants make this area one of the most attractive in Paris,.  On the fourth floor with a cute glass elevator, it's very sunny, and quiet. The apartment includes a spacious living-room with an open kitchen, a bedroom with a queen size bed and plenty of storage space, a bathroom (shower), and a separate toilet. It can accommodate up to four people thanks to the sofa bed in the living-room.  It's fully furnished and equipped, so you can actually cook after buying "	"Ideally located in a very authentic and lively neighborhood, walking distance to such favorite places and historical landmarks as Le Panthéon, Notre Dame, La Sorbonne, la rue Mouffetard, it actually overlooks the Roman Arènes de Lutèce!  It is ""25 meters to the Cardinal Lemoine metro stop (line 10) and the #89 bus (direct to the Bibliothèque François Mitterand) and five minutes to the Jussieu stop (line 7), a direct line to the Louvre and the Place de l'Opéra."" Typical French open air markets and all types of ""boutiques"" and restaurants make this area one of the most attractive in Paris,.  On the fourth floor with a cute glass elevator, it's very sunny, and quiet. The apartment includes a spacious living-room with an open kitchen, a bedroom with a queen size bed and plenty of storage space, a bathroom (shower), and a separate toilet. It can accommodate up to four people thanks to the sofa bed in the living-room.  It's fully furnished and equipped, so you can actually cook after buying "
20905	This charming duplex apartment is located on the lovely rue des Boulangers, in the lively Latin Quarter, in the 5th arrondissement. It is situated on the 2nd floor without an elevator, on the court and street side. The living room is cosy with several wooden beams, high ceiling and large windows, and the bedroom is on the mezzanine. You will love the great location of this apartment for 4 guests, 8 min from the Seine River and next to the Jardin des Plantes. This apartment of 35 square meters or about 370 sq ft features a luminous living room with a convertible sofa that opens into a double bed, a pouf, two small coffee tables, a dining area with table and chairs for four. The open-plan kitchen is equipped with washing machine (no dryer), induction cook tops, microwave, fridge, toaster, boiler, pod coffee machine and crockery. Other amenities include a TV with many channels, and internet in Wi-Fi.  The stairs in the kitchen (5 steps) lead to the office area on the mezzanine with a ceil	"Charming duplex with bedroom on mezzanine located on rue des Boulangers, in the Latin Quarter, next to les ""Arènes de Lutèce"" (5th arrondissement). 2nd floor without an elevator. Luminous and charming with wooden beams. It can accomodate 4 guests ! This charming duplex apartment is located on the lovely rue des Boulangers, in the lively Latin Quarter, in the 5th arrondissement. It is situated on the 2nd floor without an elevator, on the court and street side. The living room is cosy with several wooden beams, high ceiling and large windows, and the bedroom is on the mezzanine. You will love the great location of this apartment for 4 guests, 8 min from the Seine River and next to the Jardin des Plantes. This apartment of 35 square meters or about 370 sq ft features a luminous living room with a convertible sofa that opens into a double bed, a pouf, two small coffee tables, a dining area with table and chairs for four. The open-plan kitchen is equipped with washing machine (no dryer), in"
20906	Vous logez dans un charmant appartement typiquement parisien à deux pas du panthéon et du quartier de Saint-Michel. C'est un 2 pièces qui peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  1 balcon offre une vue sur Notre Dame de Paris. Superficie : 40m2 ==== Version française. English version below====. Appartement typiquement parisien à deux pas du Panthéon. Description générale: Appartement très lumineux de par ses grandes fenêtres ainsi que par son orientation. Il est traversant ce qui permet de profiter du soleil toute la journée et dispose d'un parquet authentique. Il comporte : -  Un salon clair comprenant 1 canapé-lit, une table basse, une table à manger en bois à rallonge, un video-projecteur. 1 porte-fenêtre donnant accès au balcon. -  1 chambre avec un lit double et 1 matelas une place si besoin -  1 salle de bain  -  Une cuisine équipée comportant : réfrigérateur, congélateur, micro-onde, 2 plaques électriques, four multifonction, lave-vaisselle, machine à café, grille-pain et autre mat	Vous logez dans un charmant appartement typiquement parisien à deux pas du panthéon et du quartier de Saint-Michel. C'est un 2 pièces qui peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  1 balcon offre une vue sur Notre Dame de Paris. Superficie : 40m2 Vous logez dans un charmant appartement typiquement parisien à deux pas du panthéon et du quartier de Saint-Michel. C'est un 2 pièces qui peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  1 balcon offre une vue sur Notre Dame de Paris. Superficie : 40m2 ==== Version française. English version below====. Appartement typiquement parisien à deux pas du Panthéon. Description générale: Appartement très lumineux de par ses grandes fenêtres ainsi que par son orientation. Il est traversant ce qui permet de profiter du soleil toute la journée et dispose d'un parquet authentique. Il comporte : -  Un salon clair comprenant 1 canapé-lit, une table basse, une table à manger en bois à rallonge, un video-projecteur. 1 porte-fenêtre donnant accès au balcon. -  1 chambre avec 
20907	Big 70 square meter apartment. The room is 16 square meter, with a double bed and a TV. Very clear and sunny. Beautiful view from the window. We will share the kitchen and the bathroom.	16 square meter room in a beautiful 70 square meter flat in the heart of paris , 5 minutes walk from the Panthéon, and  jardin des plantes. 15 minutes walk from Notre Dame, quartier latin. Very central and peaceful area. Big 70 square meter apartment. The room is 16 square meter, with a double bed and a TV. Very clear and sunny. Beautiful view from the window. We will share the kitchen and the bathroom. You can use the TV, washing machine, wifi, and all kitchen equipment. I would be very happy to give you some indication and orientation regarding some typical spots and places to visit around the area.
20908		A room with a kitchen and bathroom in shared apartment, very charming, clean and quite in the hottest spot in Pars, you will really like it!!!  Note: 5 days minimum and female guest only. Thank you Female guests only!!!
20909		I offer a room in my flat. The best part is undoubtedly its location: in the Quartier Latin, near Luxembourg garden, the Pantheon & rue Moufetard. It's like living in a movie! Therefore, you're welcome to invite friends over the WE (I've got 2 good floor mattresses). You'll see in the reviews, I used to share this flat with my flatmate Lou, we had many airBNB guests and met great people! You have your own private room, we share the kitchen+dining table space, next to the living' where I live :) Check the neighborhood/map bellow in the page! there are so many things to do around here – from typical student bars to historical buildings.
20910	"At the gates of the ""Quartier Latin"", small views of the Eiffel Tower from the kitchen and the ""Sacré Coeur"" from the bathroom, close to many metro lines. Apartment very illuminated, the top floor. Access to the kitchen fully equipped with large refrigerator, kitchen, 2 ovens (gas and electric), washing machine, dryer, wardrobe space, 2 beds of two places : one in the private room and a wide and very confortable convertible sofa in the living room (there are separated rooms). Wireless internet access. There is also an electric piano. in the living room."	"Very nice apartment 50m ^ 2 well lit, fully equipped close to public transport in the center of Paris with a small view of the Eiffel Tower. Possibility of rent only a private room (max. 2 persons) or whole apartment (max. 4 people). At the gates of the ""Quartier Latin"", small views of the Eiffel Tower from the kitchen and the ""Sacré Coeur"" from the bathroom, close to many metro lines. Apartment very illuminated, the top floor. Access to the kitchen fully equipped with large refrigerator, kitchen, 2 ovens (gas and electric), washing machine, dryer, wardrobe space, 2 beds of two places : one in the private room and a wide and very confortable convertible sofa in the living room (there are separated rooms). Wireless internet access. There is also an electric piano. in the living room. There is a Gym at the entrance of the building in which you can take one free entrance. Reception, tourist information and transportation. I speak Italian, Spanish, English and French! Quiet neighborhood at"
20911		voilà, c'est mon jolie studio
20912		Beautiful 3-room of 45 m2, bright (3 balconies), quiet and fully equipped, in the heart of Paris, near the metro and bus. Ideal for visiting Paris. A small village in Paris ... The Latin Quarter / Mouffetard is an absolute must visit the capital! In a friendly and relaxed atmosphere. Tourist sites are counted by ten: Pantheon, National Museum of the Middle Ages, garden and Luxembourg Museum, Arenes de Lutece ... Throughout the ride, you will discover the Sorbonne (famous university), the College de France, Henri High School IV, Mouffetard and Monge streets instead of the Contrescarpe ... But also the Grand Mosque, the botanical garden, the Institute of the Arab World, and so on ... many theaters, the Odeon or Caveau de la Huchette are among the most popular venues in the neighborhood. You will enjoy you lost in that district, sprinkled with small culinary gems (restaurants, cafes, markets, etc ..). I will not hesitate to give you my address. Close to all amenities and easy access (subw
20913	Looking for a nice room in the heart of Paris, in a beautiful apartment? 5 good reasons to take a look at this room :) 1) A typically parisian appartment full of charm and style: in a superb stone building, a 5 bedrooms appartment with a living room, a dining room, 3 bedrooms, 1 kitchen, bathroom, toilet, dressing. Each room has been tastefully decorated by us and has its own atmosphere ! The apartment is very quiet too. AND NOT HOT in the summer :) :) You'll have good nights in the summer in July and August. 2) A nice cozy bedroom with everything you need : a comfortable double bed, shelves, a dressing table! With nice blue colors and decorations from all over the world (Thailand, Burma, Brasil...). 3) An ideal location:  in the heart of the Latin Quarter, 15 minutes walk from Notre Dame, 100 meters from the Sorbonne, the Pantheon, the Luxembourg Garden, the Senate, the Mouffetard street, 5 minutes walk to the nice and lively area Odéon, 10 minutes walk from the Seine... Plenty of res	Are you looking for a beautiful room right in the center of Paris, in a hug and wonderful appartment typically parisien ? Come and enjoy ! Below 5 good reasons to consider this room :) Looking for a nice room in the heart of Paris, in a beautiful apartment? 5 good reasons to take a look at this room :) 1) A typically parisian appartment full of charm and style: in a superb stone building, a 5 bedrooms appartment with a living room, a dining room, 3 bedrooms, 1 kitchen, bathroom, toilet, dressing. Each room has been tastefully decorated by us and has its own atmosphere ! The apartment is very quiet too. AND NOT HOT in the summer :) :) You'll have good nights in the summer in July and August. 2) A nice cozy bedroom with everything you need : a comfortable double bed, shelves, a dressing table! With nice blue colors and decorations from all over the world (Thailand, Burma, Brasil...). 3) An ideal location:  in the heart of the Latin Quarter, 15 minutes walk from Notre Dame, 100 meters fro
20914	"The room is under the roofs, beautiful view on Paris (2 windows) sun, very calm, 6th stage with elevator  Pretty decoration. A real bed 2 places, student corner, cupboards, a wash-hand basin,  hi-fi system, library, electric radiator, sheets and towels furnished. Important : NO shower, NO kitchen & WC "" à la turque"" collectives on the stage. If you want to have a shower, it is possible to go to the beautiful Art-Déco swimming-pool besides the house, very clean ( 4 euros) Th room is on the top of an elegant building standing (with caretaker) located in full heart of historical Paris (Latin Quarter) near Sorbonne-Univerity, very close to Notre Dame and of the Seine River. Swimming-pool, Market, Bookshops, Shopping, Restaurants, Coffees, Cinemas etc  5mn by foot. Very easy of access : Subway (Odéon, St Michel, Cluny)  RER, Bus, Station Taxi, Batobus. Ideal for short visit and students : very charming but minimal comfort.  Principal interest: sight, light, ideal situation, charm. This room"	"Little sweet room in the heart of Paris, romantic and pittoresc with pretty deco, a lot of sun and a beautiful view under the roofs... The room is under the roofs, beautiful view on Paris (2 windows) sun, very calm, 6th stage with elevator  Pretty decoration. A real bed 2 places, student corner, cupboards, a wash-hand basin,  hi-fi system, library, electric radiator, sheets and towels furnished. Important : NO shower, NO kitchen & WC "" à la turque"" collectives on the stage. If you want to have a shower, it is possible to go to the beautiful Art-Déco swimming-pool besides the house, very clean ( 4 euros) Th room is on the top of an elegant building standing (with caretaker) located in full heart of historical Paris (Latin Quarter) near Sorbonne-Univerity, very close to Notre Dame and of the Seine River. Swimming-pool, Market, Bookshops, Shopping, Restaurants, Coffees, Cinemas etc  5mn by foot. Very easy of access : Subway (Odéon, St Michel, Cluny)  RER, Bus, Station Taxi, Batobus. Ideal"
20915	These recently fully-refurbished 19th century Haussman apartments overlook the 'Arènes de Lutece', vestiges of a Roman (Yes, Roman!) theatre that has been converted into a park, just minutes away from the colorful hustle and bustle of rue Mouffetard - but not so close that you can't sleep! Like many French professionals we particularly like this area because it is within walking distance of the Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) and Ile Saint Louis (delicious sorbets) but still quiet enough to welcome traditional French families. This district has been our home for over thirty years so we can give you plenty of tips of where to go and what to do. We have lovingly decorated the apartments with original artwork (many my watercolors) and furniture we have renovated. The apartments can be rented individually or together so please specify what you require.	Unbelievable but true! We have two adjoining apartments, each apartment accommodates 4 easily with one real bed in separate bedroom, one convertible for two in lounge/diner, kitchen and bathroom with shower. Each apartment has a separate entrance. These recently fully-refurbished 19th century Haussman apartments overlook the 'Arènes de Lutece', vestiges of a Roman (Yes, Roman!) theatre that has been converted into a park, just minutes away from the colorful hustle and bustle of rue Mouffetard - but not so close that you can't sleep! Like many French professionals we particularly like this area because it is within walking distance of the Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) and Ile Saint Louis (delicious sorbets) but still quiet enough to welcome traditional French families. This district has been our home for over thirty years so we can give you plenty of tips of where to go and what to do. We have lovingly decorated the apartments with original artwork (many my watercolors) and furniture we h
20916	The appartement has a bright, spacious living-room, and a large kitchen to cook your own meals.  Small bathroom with a large window, separated toilets. Small double room, with a very comfy bed.	Well located in the very heart of Paris, in a nice and calm district -  literally 20 meters from 'Jardin des Plantes'. The appartement has a bright, spacious living-room, and a large kitchen to cook your own meals.  Small bathroom with a large window, separated toilets. Small double room, with a very comfy bed. The apartment is located at the fourth floor, access by stairs only. You can call us on our mobile phones if you have any question during your stay. Our apartment is located literally 20 meters from the entrance of 'Jardin des Plantes', which is a nice and fresh retreat during a hot summer day. It takes about ten minutes to walk to the riverside and about fifteen to go to the two islands of Paris 'île de la Cité' and 'île Saint Louis'. The district itself is very calm, with no big avenue in the surroundings. Our apartment is very close to three different metro stations: - 3 min to Censier-Daubenton (line 5) ; - 8 min to Jussieu (line 10) ; - 10 min to Saint-Marcel (line 7). Thes
20917		studio de 7etg avec ascenseur, meublé, tout équipement, mezzanine, wc, baignoire, deux petits balcons,  vue sur les toits de paris, au cœur du quartier de Mouffetard. disponible impérativement à partir du  9 août pour connaitre mes visiteurs!
20918		Cosy apartment in a good location 10 minutes walk to Saint-Michel Notre-Dame Metro: 7 (Place Monge), (Cardinal Lemoine) 10 (Cardinal Lemoine) RER B & C Saint-Michel Notre-Dame
20919	Charmant deux pièces très lumineux de 35 mètres carrés, avec cuisine séparée. Bien agencé et équipé, il dispose de tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un agréable séjour au coeur de Paris. Ses deux petits balcons représentent un vrai plus durant l'été!	Ce charmant deux-pièces se situe au coeur du Quartier Latin, dans une atmosphère de village, tout près de la Seine, de l'île Saint Louis et de Notre-Dame. Très confortable, il est idéal pour apprécier la vie parisienne le temps de votre séjour! Charmant deux pièces très lumineux de 35 mètres carrés, avec cuisine séparée. Bien agencé et équipé, il dispose de tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un agréable séjour au coeur de Paris. Ses deux petits balcons représentent un vrai plus durant l'été! Tout l'équipement de l'appartement est à votre disposition: cuisine équipée (four, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, machine lavante et séchante), linge de lit, serviettes de toilette, réseau wifi. Je ne serai pas présente dans l'appartement lors du séjour des visiteurs mais je suis disponible pour répondre à toute question par email et téléphone. Une ambiance de village en plein coeur historique de Paris! L'appartement est très central, dans un des plus beaux quartiers de la capitale, et vous
20920	This bright and vibrant 40 (website hidden) apartment in Rue Jussieu greets its guests with a large day area presenting a modern design in its furnishings and a parquet flooring. An elegant glass-top table with steel frame, for up to 4/5 dinner guests, separates the living room with its sitting area complete with a light blue double sofa bed (140cm) with matching armchair and its white lacquered TV cabinet. Next to the window a writing desk with shelves makes a perfect work area. A small corridor from the living room leads to the other rooms, among which the separate kitchen, to the right, modern with its stainless steel counter top and white cabinets, very functional and complete with all necessities including a dishwasher and combo oven. To the left of the corridor there is the double bedroom (bed 160cm) simple, sleek and functional with its linear design and furnished with white items which stand out harmoniously against the soft blue walls. At the end of the corridor there is the f	Cosy modern one bedroom apartment for vacation rentals in Paris located on the 5th floor of a stately building (with elevator) nestled in Saint-Germain, in the 5th arrondissement, a few steps away from the lovely Jardin des Plantes.    This bright and vibrant 40 (website hidden) apartment in Rue Jussieu greets its guests with a large day area presenting a modern design in its furnishings and a parquet flooring. An elegant glass-top table with steel frame, for up to 4/5 dinner guests, separates the living room with its sitting area complete with a light blue double sofa bed (140cm) with matching armchair and its white lacquered TV cabinet. Next to the window a writing desk with shelves makes a perfect work area. A small corridor from the living room leads to the other rooms, among which the separate kitchen, to the right, modern with its stainless steel counter top and white cabinets, very functional and complete with all necessities including a dishwasher and combo oven. To the left of
20921	Enter next to the famous Jardin des Plantes, and you are there! This full of light Parisian apartment is nestled on the left bank, decorated and furnished in the quarter style: alternative chic.  In other words: it's gorgeous! Did we mention the apartment is located in the very heart of the Paris' arts and intellectual district? It is what many famous writers, artists, and scientists - including James Joyce, Diderot, Hemingway, or Pierre and Marie Curie - called home. And now, for the duration of your Paris trip, so can you.  I will help you organize your stay, sharing all my secret addresses, to make your Paris experience unforgettable! The flat is a typical left bank Parisian apartment with wooden parquet and exposed beams, completely renovated.  It includes:    . An open bedroom with a double bed - very comfortable, a nest in the heart of the left bank !    . A dining room with a convertible sofa, quick-and-easy-to-open system (1 person) All brand new, high quality beds.    . A full	Enter next to the famous Jardin des Plantes, in the oldest district of Paris, and you are there! Arts, history, architecture, culture, shopping, night life, gastronomy, sports... Live the Parisian experience, in the very heart of the Latin Quarter! Enter next to the famous Jardin des Plantes, and you are there! This full of light Parisian apartment is nestled on the left bank, decorated and furnished in the quarter style: alternative chic.  In other words: it's gorgeous! Did we mention the apartment is located in the very heart of the Paris' arts and intellectual district? It is what many famous writers, artists, and scientists - including James Joyce, Diderot, Hemingway, or Pierre and Marie Curie - called home. And now, for the duration of your Paris trip, so can you.  I will help you organize your stay, sharing all my secret addresses, to make your Paris experience unforgettable! The flat is a typical left bank Parisian apartment with wooden parquet and exposed beams, completely reno
20922	Appartement de 25m², en plein cœur du quartier latin de Paris, dans la fameuse rue Mouffetard à quelques mètres à pieds du Panthéon, de Notre-Dame de Paris et du Jardin du Luxembourg. Reposant et idéal pour découvrir Paris ou pour un séjour professionnel.  - Couchage pour deux personnes + possibilité matérielle d’ajouter un matelas 1 personne au sol (non fourni)  - Equipement  Cuisine équipée (four combiné micro-onde / chaleur tournante, frigo, grille pain, cafetière, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine)  • Composition du logement : Pièce à vivre avec un canapé-lit avec matelas bultex 14cm, rangements, équipement Télévision TNT / Lecteur DVD / - Coin bureau avec Téléphonie fixe / Accès WiFi / Lecteur audio MP3- Salle de bain assez spacieuse avec lavabo et baignoire - Linge de maison, draps et serviettes, fournis / Table basse amovible, avec rallonge + chaises, possibilité d'installer jusqu'à 6 couverts  // 23m² flat in the heart of the Latin Quarter of Paris in the famous rue Mouffetard	Appartement de 25m², en plein cœur du quartier latin de Paris, dans la fameuse rue Mouffetard à quelques mètres à pieds du Panthéon, de Notre-Dame de Paris et du Jardin du Luxembourg. Reposant et idéal pour découvrir Paris ou pour un séjour professionnel.  - Couchage pour deux personnes + possibilité matérielle d’ajouter un matelas 1 personne au sol (non fourni)  - Equipement  Cuisine équipée (four combiné micro-onde / chaleur tournante, frigo, grille pain, cafetière, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine)  • Composition du logement : Pièce à vivre avec un canapé-lit avec matelas bultex 14cm, rangements, équipement Télévision TNT / Lecteur DVD / - Coin bureau avec Téléphonie fixe / Accès WiFi / Lecteur audio MP3- Salle de bain assez spacieuse avec lavabo et baignoire - Linge de maison, draps et serviettes, fournis / Table basse amovible, avec rallonge + chaises, possibilité d'installer jusqu'à 6 couverts  // 23m² flat in the heart of the Latin Quarter of Paris in the famous rue Mouffetard
20923	Je sous loue mon appartement durant la période des vacances de Noël. D'une superficie de 30m², il est situé au coeur de Paris dans le 5ème arrondissement, proche rue Mouffetard, métro Censier-Daubenton. Dans un quartier très calme et agréable qui dispose de toutes les commodités ( commerces, restaurants, cinémas...) L'appartement est composé de : un salon avec canapé-lit ( 1 place ) un coin chambre séparé ( lit 2 places ) une cuisine entièrement équipée ( lave-vaisselle, plaques électrique, four électrique, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, congélateur...) une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC et lave-linge Connexion internet sans-fil via fibre optique ( illimité et gratuit ) L'appartement est disponible à la semaine ou pour toute la période du 17 décembre au 03 janvier ( 900 euros ) Pour plus d'information, me contacter par téléphone au (phone number hidden), ou par mail (email hidden) Non sérieux s'abstenir.	"Je sous loue mon appartement durant la période des vacances de Noël. D'une superficie de 30m², il est situé au coeur de Paris dans le 5ème arrondissement, proche rue Mouffetard, métro Censier-Daubenton. Dans un quartier très calme et agréable qui dispose de toutes les commodités ( commerces, restaurants, cinémas...) L'appartement est composé de : un salon avec canapé-lit ( 1 place ) un coin chambre séparé ( lit 2 places ) une cuisine entièrement équipée ( lave-vaisselle, plaques électrique, four électrique, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, congélateur...) une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC et lave-linge Connexion internet sans-fil via fibre optique ( illimité et gratuit ) L'appartement est disponible à la semaine ou pour toute la période du 17 décembre au 03 janvier ( 900 euros ) Pour plus d'information, me contacter par téléphone au (phone number hidden), ou par mail (email hidden) Non sérieux s'abstenir. Métro Ligne 7 (Censier Daubenton) Parking à proximité ""Les patriarches"" Bus Taxi..."
20924	The appartment is located in a Hausmanien Building (before 1900) and was renovated in January 2014. Therefore you will find a mix of old Paris (old chimney and wooden floor) and design (modern bathroom with Italian style shower), dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso machine etc	"Recently renovated appartment (January 2014). 5th floor with elevator. 1 bedroom, 1 living room with open kitchen. 1 bathroom with italian shower. Very cosy appartment in the center of Paris. Fully equipped: washing machine, dishwasher, nespresso The appartment is located in a Hausmanien Building (before 1900) and was renovated in January 2014. Therefore you will find a mix of old Paris (old chimney and wooden floor) and design (modern bathroom with Italian style shower), dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso machine etc Access to full appartment. The owner kindly request the guests not to touch personal belonging (clothes, books and items kept on storages) It is in the center of Paris and in the heart of the Latin quarter. Access to all commodities with no need of vehicle. ""Village life lifestyle in the middle of Paris"". Subway, Buses, Velib etc. Metro line 7 Place Monge or Line 10 Cardinal Lemoine"
20925	Very nicely decorated and functional flat. 4 people can feet in, but it is best for 2. Location is great, near the subway, 10 min walking distance from Notre Dame and Le Panthéon, and just in front of the Jardin des plantes. Even if in the middle of Paris, the flat is super calm.  I think it is a great flat for a couple looking for a comfy flat to discover Paris in a nice apartment.	25 sqm truly Parisian flat, very functional and nicely decorated. It is my own apartment so no standardized decoration. It is all equipped and decorated for my own usage, so you'll be feeling as in a friend's flat. Perfect for a romantic get away Very nicely decorated and functional flat. 4 people can feet in, but it is best for 2. Location is great, near the subway, 10 min walking distance from Notre Dame and Le Panthéon, and just in front of the Jardin des plantes. Even if in the middle of Paris, the flat is super calm.  I think it is a great flat for a couple looking for a comfy flat to discover Paris in a nice apartment. I'll do my best to assist you. I'll leave a small guide with my favorite adresse in the neighborhood and Paris. And of course, you can always call me. Depending on where you are heading, the neighborhood can be either relaxed or with a lot of animation. Rue Mouffetard, a famous Parisian street with coffees, bars and restaurant is just behind the flat. Subway, Jussi
20926		Appartement confortable de 2 pièces, calme et lumineux, au 6ème étage Il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double, un salon avec un canapé-lit 1 place et une cuisine fonctionnelle avec machine à laver. Supermarché à 100m,
20927	This  apartment is Like à house on the roof. The living room (40m2 with air conditioning) Is really sunny with its 3 widows facing west and  a little balcony with a small table and chairs for 2, with its home cinema, stereo and the open kitchen, the shower room, the separate toilet, a room With a single bed. À stair  goes up to the mezzanine (max height 1,50 with air conditioning) with a double bed.À beautiful steel stair goes down to the 4th floor where is the main bed room 20m2 with a double bed with tv and a room with a single bed.  There Is also a private access on the forth floor. 6 persons will be very comfortable, but 2 additonnal guests ( kids or teenagers) would be possible.( Max 2 couples and 4 kids) .  The dining table is for 6 but it can be extended to 10 .  The kitchen is fully equipped with nespresso, kenwood, microwave, oven, dish washer, and a washing machine, Everything to make your stay really nice.  	Experiment  the latin quarter life. 5 min from Mouffetard And Panthéon,this sunny duplex Will charm you for its location and décoration .20 met.from place Monge (metro) with its typical french market and all commodities , walking (website hidden) Notre Dame This  apartment is Like à house on the roof. The living room (40m2 with air conditioning) Is really sunny with its 3 widows facing west and  a little balcony with a small table and chairs for 2, with its home cinema, stereo and the open kitchen, the shower room, the separate toilet, a room With a single bed. À stair  goes up to the mezzanine (max height 1,50 with air conditioning) with a double bed.À beautiful steel stair goes down to the 4th floor where is the main bed room 20m2 with a double bed with tv and a room with a single bed.  There Is also a private access on the forth floor. 6 persons will be very comfortable, but 2 additonnal guests ( kids or teenagers) would be possible.( Max 2 couples and 4 kids) .  The dining table is
20928		Bel et classique appartement parisien de 55m2 situé au 2eme étage avec ascenseur et balcon. Il se situe entre le jardin des plantes et le Panthéon, à deux pas du Luxembourg, du Bon marché, de Saint Germain des Prés (15-20 minutes à pied), du musée d'Orsay et du quartier Saint-Paul, rive droite.Le 5ème arrondissement est un quartier étudiant et familial au centre de Paris. Proche de la rue monge, la rue de La Clef est très calme et près de tous les commerces souhaitables.
20929	2 small rooms 27 square meters Quiet : view on an inside courtyard with trees 1 bed + 1 convertible 1 separate kitchen with a washing machine + standard equipment (refrigerator, blender, coffee machine, microwave...) Wifi	2 rooms (1 bed and 1 convertible, for up to 2x2 people) in a quiet apartment (view on a courtyard with trees), in the heart of Latin Quarter (5 minutes from Place Monge, 10 minutes walk from Jardin du Luxembourg...) 2 small rooms 27 square meters Quiet : view on an inside courtyard with trees 1 bed + 1 convertible 1 separate kitchen with a washing machine + standard equipment (refrigerator, blender, coffee machine, microwave...) Wifi Latin Quarter : rue Mouffetard, place Monge, place de la Contrescarpe and their bars and restaurants ! Pantheon Jardin du Luxembourg : gorgeous Odeon and Saint Germain : 15 minutes walk 10 minutes walk from RER B (station Luxembourg) which comes directly from Airports Roissy Charles de Gaule and Orly 5 minutes walk from Monge (line 7) and Cardinal Lemoine (line 10) which take you anywhere is Paris
20930	Bien que petit, l'appartement est très bien accomodé. Le coin cuisine est séparé et la salle de bain dispose d'une grande baignoire. La terrasse vous permettra de profiter du soleil durant les beaux jours. La résidence est particulièrement bien soignée et très bien sécurisée.	Composé d'une salle de bain, d'une kitchenette, il dispose également d'une terrasse donnant sur le Jardin des Plantes. Entièrement meublé et équipé.  Métro 5, 7 et 10. Tout commerce à proximité Venez vous ressourcer dans ce quartier formidable. Bien que petit, l'appartement est très bien accomodé. Le coin cuisine est séparé et la salle de bain dispose d'une grande baignoire. La terrasse vous permettra de profiter du soleil durant les beaux jours. La résidence est particulièrement bien soignée et très bien sécurisée. Vous pourrez disposer de la TV écran plat, ainsi que de son décodeur TNT. L'appartement est équipé de plaques électriques, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un four micro-onde, d'un grille-pain et d'une bouilloire. Dans le mesure du possible, je me déplacerais en personne pour vous remettre et reprendre les clés. L'appartement est situé en plein coeur du 5ème arrondissement. Celui-ci est familial et très actif. La rue Mouffetard est très agréable la journée pour se ballader et trouver 
20931	A piece of Asia in the very heart of rue Mouffetard. A real experience for a 22 square meter studio with such a tasteful decoration and comfort,that allows to travel far away and be in one of Paris liveliest area at the same time. Really nice. STUDIO MOUFFETARD IN A NUTSHELL  - Number of guests: 2  - Size: 258 Sq Ft or 22 m2  - Floor: 3rd  - Sleepings: 1 Queen size bed - Bathroom: 1 shower with heated towel rank  - Kitchen: Built in appliances and fixtures, microwave, coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster.  - Electronics: LCD TV  - Connections: Hi-speed Internet, Wifi, Cable TV NEIGHBORHOODS  - Located on rue Mouffetard, 5 minute walk from place du Pantheon, 7 minutes from Boulevard St Michel and La Sorbonne. Plenty of convenience stores and market, along rue Mouffetard  TRANSPORTATIONS  Nearest metro stations  - Place Monge  - Cardinal Lemoine - Luxembourg Nearest Taxi Stations  - Rue Soufflot  Nearest Velib stations  - 1 Rue Thouin NO SMOKING, NO PETS: TX!	A piece of Asia in the very heart of rue Mouffetard.  A piece of Asia in the very heart of rue Mouffetard. A real experience for a 22 square meter studio with such a tasteful decoration and comfort,that allows to travel far away and be in one of Paris liveliest area at the same time. Really nice. STUDIO MOUFFETARD IN A NUTSHELL  - Number of guests: 2  - Size: 258 Sq Ft or 22 m2  - Floor: 3rd  - Sleepings: 1 Queen size bed - Bathroom: 1 shower with heated towel rank  - Kitchen: Built in appliances and fixtures, microwave, coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster.  - Electronics: LCD TV  - Connections: Hi-speed Internet, Wifi, Cable TV NEIGHBORHOODS  - Located on rue Mouffetard, 5 minute walk from place du Pantheon, 7 minutes from Boulevard St Michel and La Sorbonne. Plenty of convenience stores and market, along rue Mouffetard  TRANSPORTATIONS  Nearest metro stations  - Place Monge  - Cardinal Lemoine - Luxembourg Nearest Taxi Stations  - Rue Soufflot  Nearest Velib stations  - 1 Rue Th
20932	Only 1 block away from the Jardin des Plantes and the Natural History Museum, 3 blocks south of the Seine’s left riverbank, and only a 10 minute walk from the Latin Quarter or from the Bastille quarter, rue Mouffetard, or the Paris Mosque, this pretty 3-room apartment with a terrace overlooks the city skyline in a very quiet 1930s-era building. This airy and bright 6tth floor apartment is 55m2, has a large master bedroom (double futon) a children’s bedroom (2 single beds also sized for adults), and a sitting/dining room with a sofa-bed (single).  Each of these 3 rooms opens onto a terrace (20m2) overlooking the street, where lunch and dinner can be enjoyed. Simply but tastefully decorated, this very practical and inviting apartment has a well-furnished and functional kitchen, a large, well-lit bathroom with full bathtub and washing machine.  The apartment is well-stocked with dishes and all pots / pans. Next door to the building there is a Monop small supermarket (open 8am to midnight 	Only 1 block away from the Jardin des Plantes and the Natural History Museum, 3 blocks south of the Seine’s left riverbank, and only a 10 minute walk from the Latin Quarter or from the Bastille quarter, rue Mouffetard, or the Paris Mosque, this pretty 3-room apartment with a terrace overlooks the city skyline in a very quiet 1930s-era building. This airy and bright 6tth floor apartment is 55m2, has a large master bedroom (double futon) a children’s bedroom (2 single beds also sized for adults), and a sitting/dining room with a sofa-bed (single).  Each of these 3 rooms opens onto a terrace (20m2) overlooking the street, where lunch and dinner can be enjoyed. Simply but tastefully decorated, this very practical and inviting apartment has a well-furnished and functional kitchen, a large, well-lit bathroom with full bathtub and washing machine.  The apartment is well-stocked with dishes and all pots / pans. Next door to the building there is a Monop small supermarket (open 8am to midnight 
20933		"Location: Paris Arrondissement 5, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe    Accommodations:  Apartment, Studio, 1 Bath (Sleeps 2):   This large (27 square meter) luxury studio is located in an ancient covent. It opens on to a courtyard. This private residence is approached from Rue Tournefort near Rue Mouffetard in the latin quartier. La Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris' historical streets a few steps away from the famous Place de la Contrescarpe, a mere 100 meters from the Panthéon. It's an easy walk to Notre Dame, the Boulevard Saint Germain, the Boulevard Saint-Michel, La Sorbonne, and the Jardin du Luxembourg. Practically dedicated to pedestrians only, the ""Rue Mouffetard"" is celebrated for its daily market, its world cuisine or traditional French restaurants, and its old stone houses. It is a village preserved in its Parisian soul. The apartment itself,  is made up of one large room with a convertible double bed ( high quality convertible sofa in leather couch, providing "
20934	"Nice 85m² family flat, quiet and clean. Located in the heart of the latin quarter near ""rue Mouffetard"".  4th floor with elevator. It's a 4 rooms appartment with 2 bedrooms, one parental (double bed 160x200cm) and the other for children with bunk beds. A large double living room (35m²) equiped with TV, Hi-Fi stereo, DVD player, internet with wi-fi access and a big sofa. A very functional fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher, range, oven, microwave, refrigerator, nespresso coffee machine, toaster) and a bathroom with bathtub, washing machine and dryer. Separated WC. The sofa is convertible for two additional travelers and a bed for baby on request is also available.  Sheets and towels are supplied. It' s perfect place to be with 2 kids, all the toys are available for them. But the appartement can acomodate 5 adults  You will find shopping close to the apartment in this typically parisian district. The street Mouffetard is a gem in this district, famous for it's permanent food market, resta"	"Nice 85m² family flat, quiet and clean. Located in the heart of the latin quarter near ""rue Mouffetard"". Nice 85m² family flat, quiet and clean. Located in the heart of the latin quarter near ""rue Mouffetard"".  4th floor with elevator. It's a 4 rooms appartment with 2 bedrooms, one parental (double bed 160x200cm) and the other for children with bunk beds. A large double living room (35m²) equiped with TV, Hi-Fi stereo, DVD player, internet with wi-fi access and a big sofa. A very functional fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher, range, oven, microwave, refrigerator, nespresso coffee machine, toaster) and a bathroom with bathtub, washing machine and dryer. Separated WC. The sofa is convertible for two additional travelers and a bed for baby on request is also available.  Sheets and towels are supplied. It' s perfect place to be with 2 kids, all the toys are available for them. But the appartement can acomodate 5 adults  You will find shopping close to the apartment in this typically parisia"
20935	Grand salon ( TV, Wifi ),  cuisine américaine toute équipée avec plaque à induction, machine à café Nespresso, etc.... Chambre 1 sur cour : lit 160/200 cm Chambre 2 sur cour : lit en mezzanine 130/200 cm,  + banquette  (matelas) 70/200 cm Chambre 3 : lit en mezzanine 140/200 cm,  + banquette (matelas) 70/200 cm Salle de bain avec douche et baignoire, 2 vasques, lave linge, seche linge, seche cheveux. Wc séparés	"Bienvenue dans notre lieu de vie de 110 m2 avec 3 chambres et cuisine ouverte.  L'appartement se situe dans un immeuble en pierres de taille de style Haussmannien en étage avec ascenseur et vue dégagée sur le Panthéon. Grand salon ( TV, Wifi ),  cuisine américaine toute équipée avec plaque à induction, machine à café Nespresso, etc.... Chambre 1 sur cour : lit 160/200 cm Chambre 2 sur cour : lit en mezzanine 130/200 cm,  + banquette  (matelas) 70/200 cm Chambre 3 : lit en mezzanine 140/200 cm,  + banquette (matelas) 70/200 cm Salle de bain avec douche et baignoire, 2 vasques, lave linge, seche linge, seche cheveux. Wc séparés Transports :  RER B, station "" Luxembourg""  Accès directs aéroports CDG et Orly Metro ligne 7 station "" Place Monge "" Bus 21, 27 ou 38 Nous avons consacré beaucoup d'énergie et de temps à l'aménagement de notre appartement, nous espérons que vous y serez bien...  Les clefs vous seront remises après prise de rendez-vous par Cristina ou par nous même selon le jour d"
20936	Nicely appartement, very central and quiet. Perfect for couple or family.	Very quiet 55m2 with big living room and huge ceilings, exposed beams and vintage déco, 2 min walking to Luxembourg, quartier latin, Odéon... One room with two double beds, for 2-4 persons. Fully equipped kitchen. 1st floor. Children welcomed. Nicely appartement, very central and quiet. Perfect for couple or family. First floor Elevator I can advise about the best spots around :-)
20937	Situated at the 6th floor (with no elevator), this apartment is a big parisian studio( 40 m2). It has a mezzanine with a double bed and in the living room a pullout coach (double bed too). 	Situated just in the center of the nicest neighborhood of the city, this apartment sets the scene for your stay. His traditional wooden bannister is a unique feature. This apartment is a mix of original style and modern comfort. Situated at the 6th floor (with no elevator), this apartment is a big parisian studio( 40 m2). It has a mezzanine with a double bed and in the living room a pullout coach (double bed too). The guest will have access to everything that they may need (TV, internet, washing machine, dishwasher, micro wave). Bed linen and towels are provided. 
20938	Voici un grand studio, suffisamment grands pour héberger deux personnes pendant un court séjour à Paris. Composé d'une pièce principale avec une cloison en accordéon permettant de créer deux espaces distincts avec un double couchage de deux côtés. Le confort de ce studio est complété d'une vraie cuisine. Le quartier central et avec la population jeune, plein de restaurants, cafés et bars typiquement parisiens.	Voici un grand studio, suffisamment grands pour héberger deux personnes pendant un court séjour à Paris. Composé d'une pièce principale avec une cloison en accordéon permettant de créer deux espaces distincts avec un double couchage de deux côtés. Le confort de ce studio est complété d'une vraie cuisine. Le quartier central et avec la population jeune, plein de restaurants, cafés et bars typiquement parisiens. Central et annimé
20939	Beautiful and modern apartment in the 5th arrondissement. Just 2 minutes from the RER station Port Royal. And a 10 minute walk from the stunning Luxembourg gardens, the Pantheon, Saint-Michel area and so much more! A good and very safe area of Paris. A 2 minute walk from the RER station Port Royal. (RER B goes directly to Gare du Nord & Charles de Gaulle airport). Also 5 minutes on the bus from Montparnasse and 15 from Gare de Lyon. It is ideal if you need to easily access any of these train stations or the airport! We are offering you our lounge as your bedroom. Our sofa folds out into a double bed and as such is suitable for 1 or 2 people! We are likely to be present at the same time as you. You can come and go as you need and we can advise you on Paris if you are not familiar with it! The apartment consists of a fully equipped kitchen, toilet, bathroom, bedroom and the lounge. There is also a balcony with a view of the Montparnasse tower - great for eating outside when the weather i	Beautiful and modern apartment in the 5th arrondissement. Just 2 minutes from the RER station Port Royal. And a 10 minute walk from the stunning Luxembourg gardens, the Pantheon, Saint-Michel area and so much more! A good and very safe area of Paris. A 2 minute walk from the RER station Port Royal. (RER B goes directly to Gare du Nord & Charles de Gaulle airport). Also 5 minutes on the bus from Montparnasse and 15 from Gare de Lyon. It is ideal if you need to easily access any of these train stations or the airport! We are offering you our lounge as your bedroom. Our sofa folds out into a double bed and as such is suitable for 1 or 2 people! We are likely to be present at the same time as you. You can come and go as you need and we can advise you on Paris if you are not familiar with it! The apartment consists of a fully equipped kitchen, toilet, bathroom, bedroom and the lounge. There is also a balcony with a view of the Montparnasse tower - great for eating outside when the weather i
20940	Three room apartment with a living room , dinning room, kitchen, and bedroom in the latin quarters 5eme in Paris available during the summer.  63 square meters includes a bathroom, separate toilet, and a kitchen with most  conveniences: Dishwasher, washer/dryer, microwave, stove, high speed internet, wifi, TV,  dvd, cable, etc. Quiet street, just a 5 minute walk to the Luxembourg RER and gardens.  With plenty of good restaurants and activities all within walking distance. For anyone visiting Paris with up to 5 people this apartment is centrally located for visiting Paris.   The apartment is on the 4th floor out of 7 with an elevator on a quiet street. Also free parking on the street during August	Beautiful apartment in the heart of the Latin quarter 5 minutes from the gardens of Luxembourg or the Pantheon for up to five people. Walking distance to Notre Dame or the 6eme like Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Pres. Arrondissement or rue du Mouffetard Three room apartment with a living room , dinning room, kitchen, and bedroom in the latin quarters 5eme in Paris available during the summer.  63 square meters includes a bathroom, separate toilet, and a kitchen with most  conveniences: Dishwasher, washer/dryer, microwave, stove, high speed internet, wifi, TV,  dvd, cable, etc. Quiet street, just a 5 minute walk to the Luxembourg RER and gardens.  With plenty of good restaurants and activities all within walking distance. For anyone visiting Paris with up to 5 people this apartment is centrally located for visiting Paris.   The apartment is on the 4th floor out of 7 with an elevator on a quiet street. Also free parking on the street during August We can meet you on your arrival to show you
20941	Cet Appartement est véritable petit bijou!  Il a été entièrement refait à neuf du sol jusqu'au plafond. La cuisine est toute moderne et très confortable , mais le joyeau de ce studio est la salle de bain aux couleurs de l'Océan.	Cet Appartement est véritable petit bijou!  Il a été entièrement refait à neuf du sol jusqu'au plafond. La cuisine est toute moderne et très confortable , mais le joyeau de ce studio est la salle de bain aux couleurs de l'Océan. Toutes les zones de l'appartement sont accessibles aux locataires. Il n y a aucune restriction à ce niveau. Je vous recevrai dès le jour de votre arrivée directement à l'appartement pour vous montrer comment fonctionnent tous les équipements mais aussi et surtout pour vous montrer les différents petits commerçants des alentours. Il y'en a plein ! Le quartier dans lequel se trouve mon studio est juste trop mignon. j'ai la vue sur la rue Saint Jacques à deux pas du Boulevard & Michel & de la rue Moufetard (connue pour son nombre impressionnant de bars.)  Le jardin du Luxembourg est lui aussi juste à coté. Bref , que ce soit en pleine journée pour se ballader dans le quartier Latin, ou le soir pour boire un verre, il y a largement le choix ! L'accès au studio se f
20942	Deux anciennes chambres de bonne réunies en un logement, on a donc les WC sur le pallier mais tout le charme d'un appartement sous les toits...	"Studio refait à neuf il y a 1 an style contemporain très fonctionnel,tout équipé et accès wifi...baignoire avec vue sur la Tour Montparnasse!! Lit en mezzanine (160) ...à 5mn du RER B (Charles de Gaulle) et du parc du Luxembourg. Au 6e vue dégagée... Deux anciennes chambres de bonne réunies en un logement, on a donc les WC sur le pallier mais tout le charme d'un appartement sous les toits... Nous fermons seulement une petite pièce (chambre de notre bébé) dans laquelle nous entreposons nos affaires personnelles...le reste est ""à vous""!! Nous serons toujours disponibles par téléphone:) A deux pas d'Odéon, du Panthéon, du parc du Luxembourg, du quartier St Michel, c'est un quartier joli et calme (le studio donne sur une cour intérieure pavée), on trouve tout type de commerce à moins de 5mn à pied. A 5mn du RER B Port Royal et Luxembourg et beaucoup de lignes de bus à proximité. On peut se garer facilement dans la rue mais il faut payer le parking ... Avec un lit en mezzanine et étant au 6"
20943		One bedroom. It gives 23 m2 (270sq feets), perfect for 2 or 3 persons and up to 4 persons. Available with a start on July 1st 2015. Keywords: convenient 1BR. All included with cleaning service, Wifi Internet. Place for 3 persons. My other places h
20944	Cette chambre de bonne au 6ème étage est parfaitement aménagée de façon moderne et organisée. Elle possède une cuisine munie de plaques chauffantes et d'un lavabo. Une douche très pratique est incrustée dans le coin de la pièce. Vous pouvez également déplier un bureau collé au mur qui vous permettra de travailler à votre guise dans un environnement plutôt calme. Le lit est confortable et se situe sous le velux, ce qui offre l'opportunité de regarder la vue unique sur les toits de Paris avant de s'endormir...  This room on the 6th floor is very well organised in a modern style. It contains a kitchen with hotplate and washbasin, glasses and plates... You can use the desk stuck on the wall where you'll be able to work or eat in a quiet environment. The bed is very comfortable and is under the window, which make it possible to look at the beautiful view of the roof-tops of Paris before sleeping...	Studio 10m2 très bien aménagé avec cuisine, douche, bureau, chaises... Port-Royal se situe près du Luxembourg, Montparnasse et Notre-Dame.  This flat is near to Luxembourg or Notre-Dame. Many equipments as kitchen, shower Cette chambre de bonne au 6ème étage est parfaitement aménagée de façon moderne et organisée. Elle possède une cuisine munie de plaques chauffantes et d'un lavabo. Une douche très pratique est incrustée dans le coin de la pièce. Vous pouvez également déplier un bureau collé au mur qui vous permettra de travailler à votre guise dans un environnement plutôt calme. Le lit est confortable et se situe sous le velux, ce qui offre l'opportunité de regarder la vue unique sur les toits de Paris avant de s'endormir...  This room on the 6th floor is very well organised in a modern style. It contains a kitchen with hotplate and washbasin, glasses and plates... You can use the desk stuck on the wall where you'll be able to work or eat in a quiet environment. The bed is very comfor
20945	Authentic duplex flat in a charming historic building in the heart of Quartier Latin (saint-Germain des Prés, bouquinistes, Pont de la Tournelle, Pont Notre-Dame, quais de seine )… located one bridge away from ile St Louis and walking distance from Notre Dame, Marais and Pantheon.  Other touristic attractions such as Opera House, Musee du Louvre, Musee d’Orsay, Jardin Tuileries are only a 10 to 15 minutes bus or subway ride. Apartment duplex 80 m2 / 870 Square feet on the 2nd floor (walk up) - Main floor 55m2 / 590 Square feet  > Large living room with open kitchen and full dining table  > Old exposed beams  > Decorative fireplace > Flat screen tv, wifi, DVD > Open kitchen fully equipped with stainless appliances: dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, stove, oven, coffee machine, all sorts of pans and regular dish > Bathroom with bath tub / shower, toilets > Washer and dryer  - 1st floor 25 m2 / 270 Square feet > Master bedroom very calm as not facing the street / queen bed  > 	Charming apartment ideally located in the heart of Quartier Latin in Paris.  Just steps away from Notre Dame, Beaubourg Le Marais and St Louis island for all touristic venues and closed by St Germain for the best shopping a la parisienne! Authentic duplex flat in a charming historic building in the heart of Quartier Latin (saint-Germain des Prés, bouquinistes, Pont de la Tournelle, Pont Notre-Dame, quais de seine )… located one bridge away from ile St Louis and walking distance from Notre Dame, Marais and Pantheon.  Other touristic attractions such as Opera House, Musee du Louvre, Musee d’Orsay, Jardin Tuileries are only a 10 to 15 minutes bus or subway ride. Apartment duplex 80 m2 / 870 Square feet on the 2nd floor (walk up) - Main floor 55m2 / 590 Square feet  > Large living room with open kitchen and full dining table  > Old exposed beams  > Decorative fireplace > Flat screen tv, wifi, DVD > Open kitchen fully equipped with stainless appliances: dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator, 
20946	Charming 2-pieces in the heart of Paris/Latin Quarter, metro/RER St Michel Notre-Dame, 1 minute walk from Notre-Dame, 50m from the Seine, and close to St Germain. Washing machine, fast-connection internet codes provided, TV included. Quiet courtyard bedroom with single bed (futon-type mattress with thin mousse mattress, the double-bed option is not functional at present) and sofa in main room comfortable for sleeping (overlooks pedestrianised street, so not too noisy if windows are closed, as we are located on the 4th floor). Sleeps 2 at present, sleeping in separate rooms. Small kitchen and bathroom (including mini bathtub). Total 27 square metres, very well distributed, feels spacious for a small flat. Two supermarkets at 1-2 minutes walking distance. The street is full of restaurants, inexpensive and varied (from fallafel to couscous, French, Mexican, Greek, etc.) Animated street and neighbourhood with numerous restaurants, bars, and nigthclubs. No elevator. RER stop to/from the two	Charming 2-pieces in the heart of Paris/Latin Quarter, metro/RER St Michel Notre-Dame, 1 minute walk from Notre-Dame, 50m from the Seine, and close to St Germain. Washing machine, fast-connection internet codes provided, TV included. Quiet courtyard bedroom with single bed (futon-type mattress with thin mousse mattress, the double-bed option is not functional at present) and sofa in main room comfortable for sleeping (overlooks pedestrianised street, so not too noisy if windows are closed, as we are located on the 4th floor). Sleeps 2 at present, sleeping in separate rooms. Small kitchen and bathroom (including mini bathtub). Total 27 square metres, very well distributed, feels spacious for a small flat. Two supermarkets at 1-2 minutes walking distance. The street is full of restaurants, inexpensive and varied (from fallafel to couscous, French, Mexican, Greek, etc.) Animated street and neighbourhood with numerous restaurants, bars, and nigthclubs. No elevator. RER stop to/from the two
20947	Location Location  Super Location!! less than  5 minutes to walk to Paris's Heart the river SEINE & one of the most beautiful Garden Jardin Luxembourg! Surrounded Super neighbor hoods Odéon,Saint Germain des Prés, Quais St.Michel,a village Mouffetard...etc. Thanks to the modernization of New lock system!   Which allows the most convenience  for our guests a Grand Flexibility to Check In & Check Out anytime of arrival & departure time in 24h/24h 7j/7j Without any extra service charge!!! A small loft style romantic Mini-studio with a quality design & grand comfort based on a concept of a good standard Apart-Hotel room in a Fantastic location in a heart center of Quartier Latin in a most  historical ,characteristic &  intellectural district of the Left bank of river Seine. The studette is delightfully presenting a Brand New ! it has been entirely renovated professionally with a mixed designed noble antic furnitures & the most up to dated modern appliances with a quality easthetic material	Location Location  Super Location!! less than  5 minutes to walk to Paris's Heart the river SEINE & one of the most beautiful Garden Jardin Luxembourg! Surrounded Super neighbor hoods Odéon,Saint Germain des Prés, Quais St.Michel,a village Mouffetard...etc. Thanks to the modernization of New lock system!   Which allows the most convenience  for our guests a Grand Flexibility to Check In & Check Out anytime of arrival & departure time in 24h/24h 7j/7j Without any extra service charge!!! A small loft style romantic Mini-studio with a quality design & grand comfort based on a concept of a good standard Apart-Hotel room in a Fantastic location in a heart center of Quartier Latin in a most  historical ,characteristic &  intellectural district of the Left bank of river Seine. The studette is delightfully presenting a Brand New ! it has been entirely renovated professionally with a mixed designed noble antic furnitures & the most up to dated modern appliances with a quality easthetic material
20948	In a charming building, bright studio in charming district in the center of Paris (mouffetard area, 5th).    This apartment is perfectly placed in a lively and quaint neighborhood, with  lots of transportation (buses (phone number hidden) and metro Censier line 7 and RER B Port Royal) nearby to take you to all over paris. Within just a few minutes walking you'll find the Sorbonne, the Pantheon, The Jardin du luxembourg, the Seine, and much more.     The flat is in an ideal location  for visiting all the major sights of the Latin Quarter as well as  Notre Dame de Paris, le Centre Pompidou, le Marais, etc. Perfect for students as well, in a safe neighbourhood. The studio is 25m2/ 268ft2,2nd french floor,  bright with a fully equipped kitchen (induction plates, microwave, fridge, washing machine etc.).  There are wood floors, a bathroom with shower, toilet,  TV with many channels, wireless high speed internet, a NEW couch/bed (sleeps two persons very comfortably, size is 160cm*200cm), tab	"The apartment is located in the heart of Paris Latin Quarter, right by the famous ""Rue Mouffetard"" well known for its market. Also, you will be at the perfect place to visit Paris monuments and areas at walking distance. In a charming building, bright studio in charming district in the center of Paris (mouffetard area, 5th).    This apartment is perfectly placed in a lively and quaint neighborhood, with  lots of transportation (buses (phone number hidden) and metro Censier line 7 and RER B Port Royal) nearby to take you to all over paris. Within just a few minutes walking you'll find the Sorbonne, the Pantheon, The Jardin du luxembourg, the Seine, and much more.     The flat is in an ideal location  for visiting all the major sights of the Latin Quarter as well as  Notre Dame de Paris, le Centre Pompidou, le Marais, etc. Perfect for students as well, in a safe neighbourhood. The studio is 25m2/ 268ft2,2nd french floor,  bright with a fully equipped kitchen (induction plates, microwave,"
20949	"Entièrement refait par un architecte, ce 2 pièces est cosy, confortable et très fonctionnel. La verrière entre la chambre et le salon amène une grande luminosité toute la journée.  Situation idéale: proche Mouffetard et au calme dans une très belle copropriété C'est un appartement très agréable type loft de 32m2 (pas de porte entre le salon et la chambre) et très lumineux grâce à la verrière atelier entre la chambre et le séjour.  Il y a des ""stores bateau"" occultant pour cette verrière donc pas de souci pour dormir ;-)  La salle de bains est composée d'une douche d'angle, un chauffe-serviettes, d'un WC et d'une machine à laver le linge.  La cuisine est ouverte sur la salle à manger et le salon.  Elle est entièrement équipée avec plaques, four, micro-ondes, hôte, lave-vaisselle, grand frigo et congélateur.  Idéale pour les cuisiniers !  Il y a un peu de vis-à-vis dans le salon et dans la chambre mais les rideaux et voilages permettent d'être parfaitement protégés.   L'appartement se si"	"Entièrement refait par un architecte, ce 2 pièces est cosy, confortable et très fonctionnel. La verrière entre la chambre et le salon amène une grande luminosité toute la journée.  Situation idéale: proche Mouffetard et au calme dans une très belle copropriété C'est un appartement très agréable type loft de 32m2 (pas de porte entre le salon et la chambre) et très lumineux grâce à la verrière atelier entre la chambre et le séjour.  Il y a des ""stores bateau"" occultant pour cette verrière donc pas de souci pour dormir ;-)  La salle de bains est composée d'une douche d'angle, un chauffe-serviettes, d'un WC et d'une machine à laver le linge.  La cuisine est ouverte sur la salle à manger et le salon.  Elle est entièrement équipée avec plaques, four, micro-ondes, hôte, lave-vaisselle, grand frigo et congélateur.  Idéale pour les cuisiniers !  Il y a un peu de vis-à-vis dans le salon et dans la chambre mais les rideaux et voilages permettent d'être parfaitement protégés.   L'appartement se si"
20950	Le logement est situé dans un immeuble entièrement rénové mais gardant son coté évocateur de paris ''la belle époque'' Vous avez une belle terrasse pour prendre le café  	Magnifique studio très éclairé,peint en blanc! La décoration est neutre .L'appartement est situé dans un quartier incontournable de Paris a 2 minutes du parc de Luxembourg et 5 minutes de la grande place saint Michel Notre Dame. soyez les bienvenus! Le logement est situé dans un immeuble entièrement rénové mais gardant son coté évocateur de paris ''la belle époque'' Vous avez une belle terrasse pour prendre le café  Clés de l'appartement, eau chaude, terrasse pour prendre le café , dressing, machine a cafe Nespresso , chauffe eau etc. lave linge en cours de réinstallation Je suis très dynamique et spontanée !! Je sais naturellement donné de mon temps . Possibilité de faire des visites ,donner mes bonnes adresses à mes hôtes. Le quartier est très sympa, j'adore la rue Mouffetard qui est à 400m environ. Le jardin de Luxembourg qui est un lieu magique! La place de l'odeon a voir aussi!!! Les boutiques de shopping sur la rue saint supplice, vous êtes à coté de tout... les crêperies... Le b
20951	"This apartment has 110 square meters with a 56 square meters garden. The nice building is located in a very quiet street of the 5th arrondissement, close from everything. A paved courtyard is next to our garden. When you enter the apartment through the building, you find a large dressing room. Then, the living room and the two double bedrooms, both leading to a very nice bathroom with a shower and a tub through a corridor. The master bedroom can also be used as a 2nd living room thanks to its convertible sofa and its ""invisible"" sliding door. A big TV is hidden in the cupboard. A piano room leads to the fully equipped kitchen, opened on the dining room overlooking the garden. The garden is reachable through the apartment (both living& dining room) and from the courtyard through a secluded safe private entrance. The terrace is very quiet and cosy, with a great light. Perfect for breakfast, drinks and meals... weather permitting!"	"Amazing 110 m2 appt. (+56m2 garden) located in a quiet, central and upscale neighborhood of Paris. Two bedrooms (one can also be an office/ TV room), cozy dining room, chef kitchen& large living room can host very comfortably a family or two couples. This apartment has 110 square meters with a 56 square meters garden. The nice building is located in a very quiet street of the 5th arrondissement, close from everything. A paved courtyard is next to our garden. When you enter the apartment through the building, you find a large dressing room. Then, the living room and the two double bedrooms, both leading to a very nice bathroom with a shower and a tub through a corridor. The master bedroom can also be used as a 2nd living room thanks to its convertible sofa and its ""invisible"" sliding door. A big TV is hidden in the cupboard. A piano room leads to the fully equipped kitchen, opened on the dining room overlooking the garden. The garden is reachable through the apartment (both living& dini"
20952	Appartement situé en plein centre de Paris, parfait pour visiter Paris en quelques jours.	"Bienvenue chez Lucas et Céline + Hylas notre Cocker Anglais, nous vous accueillons dans un appartement, (2nd floor)avec un grand salon dans un immeuble calme en plein centre de Paris à 2 minutes de la Cathédrale Notre-Dame. A bientôt ! Appartement situé en plein centre de Paris, parfait pour visiter Paris en quelques jours. Check-in : until 10:00am or 7:00pm.  Check-out : until 10:00am But we can find a solution ;-) IMPORTANT !! Je rappelle que nous vivons avec un chien et qu'il est chez lui avant tout ! Amis des animaux bonjour ! Lieu touristique, quartier historique de Paris, Mouffetard, Panthéon, Sorbonne, Saint-Michel, Cluny, Saint-Germain RER B station : ""Saint Michel"" 10 - station : ""Cluny La Sorbonne"" Bus : 63 - 87 - 86 - station : ""Les écoles"" or ""Dante"". The best way from airport is to buy a ticket 10€ at CDG, you take the RER B direct to SAINT MICHEL station. The flat is 5 min after by walk. Personne allergique au poil de chien attention avant de réserver !"
20953	This apartment shaped in U form is perfect for two couples. Each family can have privacy. The wing #1 includes 1 large bedroom, bathroom with bath and kitchen. The living room connects to the wing #2, which include the office with sofa leading to a small hallway that overlooks bedroom + alcove with a small shower room. The living room with a typical Parisian decorative fireplace and a large Moroccan style corner sofa. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge / freezer, dishwasher, hob, oven, microwave, espresso machine, toaster, kettle. The kitchen overlooks a dining area for 6 people. 2 double bedrooms with a double bed 140x200 cm in the first and a small double bed 120x200 cm in the second. A separate area with a sofa that can sleep a fifth person office. 2 bathrooms with toilets: one with bath and one with shower. A hairdryer at your disposal.	Enjoy a 100m² apartment, bright, with all the comforts for 4 people. The apartment is on the 5th floor and has a beautiful view of the Montparnasse Tower and the Eiffel Tower! This apartment shaped in U form is perfect for two couples. Each family can have privacy. The wing #1 includes 1 large bedroom, bathroom with bath and kitchen. The living room connects to the wing #2, which include the office with sofa leading to a small hallway that overlooks bedroom + alcove with a small shower room. The living room with a typical Parisian decorative fireplace and a large Moroccan style corner sofa. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge / freezer, dishwasher, hob, oven, microwave, espresso machine, toaster, kettle. The kitchen overlooks a dining area for 6 people. 2 double bedrooms with a double bed 140x200 cm in the first and a small double bed 120x200 cm in the second. A separate area with a sofa that can sleep a fifth person office. 2 bathrooms with toilets: one with bath and one with sh
20954	L'appartement est idéalement situé, dans un quartier tranquille et particulièrement silencieux. La sécurité des lieux est renforcée par la présence de gardiens chargés de la surveillance du bâtiment.	L'appartement est idéalement situé, dans un quartier tranquille et particulièrement silencieux. La sécurité des lieux est renforcée par la présence de gardiens chargés de la surveillance du bâtiment. - lave linge - lave-vaisselle - douche à l'italienne En cas d'absence, une amie se chargera du chek-in et du check-out de l'appartement.  Le quartier est particulièrement agréable, avec une multitude de commerces à proximité, ainsi que le célèbre Jardin du Luxembourg, et le Panthéon.  RER B, arrêt Luxembourg Ligne 10, arrêt Cluny la Sorbonne. 
20955	Lovely atypicl and quiet apartment in the center of Paris ( Rue Broca) , completely renovated and equipped. You will (email hidden) walking from rue Mouffetard ( with a large choice of restaurants and (email hidden) from : Notre Dame Cathedral Jardin du Luxembourg  Pantheon Montparnasse area And many other monuments and place to visit in Paris - Bakery, slaughter, sheese dairy, supermarkets and sall shops. -Velib Station( 100m) Pascal and Port Royal street for a bike trip across Paris - Metro : Line 7 Station Les Gobelins or Censier Daubenton. Bus : Line 27, 47, 83 et 91 - RER B : Station Port-Royal 	In the heart of Paris, you will visit by walking Note Dame Cathedral, Latin quarter, Panthéon , Luxembourg garden and many others Paris monuments Lovely atypicl and quiet apartment in the center of Paris ( Rue Broca) , completely renovated and equipped. You will (email hidden) walking from rue Mouffetard ( with a large choice of restaurants and (email hidden) from : Notre Dame Cathedral Jardin du Luxembourg  Pantheon Montparnasse area And many other monuments and place to visit in Paris - Bakery, slaughter, sheese dairy, supermarkets and sall shops. -Velib Station( 100m) Pascal and Port Royal street for a bike trip across Paris - Metro : Line 7 Station Les Gobelins or Censier Daubenton. Bus : Line 27, 47, 83 et 91 - RER B : Station Port-Royal Fully Renovated and equipped - Welcome basket at your arrival ( water- Juice- Fresh Fruit ) - One double bedroom  - Living room with comfortable and easy convertible sofa-bed,  - bathroom with bath&shower and quieter washing machine, - Towel , sha
20956	L'immeuble est sécurisé et sur cours ce qui assure tranquillité et un calme. Ma chambre donne sur la Cathédrale Notre Dame. Les colocataires présent sont sympathiques et se ferons un plaisir de vous conseiller sur vos visites. L'un d'entre eux est historien et peu assurer des visites guidées de la ville en anglais.	L'immeuble est sécurisé et sur cours ce qui assure tranquillité et un calme. Ma chambre donne sur la Cathédrale Notre Dame. Les colocataires présent sont sympathiques et se ferons un plaisir de vous conseiller sur vos visites. L'un d'entre eux est historien et peu assurer des visites guidées de la ville en anglais. Les voyageurs on accès à la chambre, la salle de bain, la cuisine et le salon s'ils le souhaitent. Situé au centre de Paris, vous n'êtes loin de rien.
20957	The Studio has a separated bathroom, a fully equiped kitchen,  Double bed and sofa	The Studio is located in the centre of the Quartier Latin, close to rue Mouffetard, Pantheon, la Sorbonne and Notre Dame. Perfect to discover Paris by feet !  Market, bars,charming restaurants right downstairs Studio all equiped,a lot of Light ! The Studio has a separated bathroom, a fully equiped kitchen,  Double bed and sofa Full private access I'll be there to welcome you and give you informations about life in Paris ! the Quartier Latin is one of the most wanted area in Paris, close to Odeon, bd st Germain and Notre Dame, le Jardin du Luxembourg is also 10 min by feet !  All commodities are accessible on la rue des écoles Metro Maubert Mutualité Line 10 is 2 min by feet Metro Jussieu Line 7 is 5 min  Many Buses
20958		Très beau volume sous la charpente XVIIIè siècle avec puit de lumière sur jardin couvert, plantes et végétation sur le balcon plein Sud. Vue sur la Chapelle du Val de Grâce, à 2 minutes du Jardin du Luxembourg, à 6 min du Jardin des Plantes.
20959		Ce studio de 28 m² est situé dans le 5ème arrondissement près du Luxembourg au 4ème étage. ll peut accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé. Station RER B Port royal ou Luxembourg Metro ligne 4 ou 6 Raspail Bus 38 station Val de Grace Bus 91 station Observatoire port royal
20960	Beautiful and modern apartment in the 5th arrondissement. Just 2 minutes from the RER station Port Royal. And a 10 minute walk from the stunning Luxembourg gardens, the Pantheon, Saint-Michel area and so much more! A good and very safe area of Paris. 35 m² with a balcony which is ideal for eating outside on warm days and from which you can see the Montparnasse tower. Aside from the kitchen, bathroom (with a good strong shower), and toilet, there is the main bedroom with a double bed and the lounge which has a sofa that folds out into a double bed.  For this reason the apartment is well-suited to a couple, 3 adults or a couple + 1-2 children. As well as the RER, there is also a bus stop a stone's throw away where the 91 and 83 buses pass (the latter which takes you to the Champs Elysées. We are also well-served by night buses, and close to Vélib' (bicycle renting) stations. You will be in the true center of Paris, the apartment is very well placed in Paris, with a lot of transport facil	Beautiful and modern apartment in the 5th arrondissement. Just 2 minutes from the RER station Port Royal. And a 10 minute walk from the stunning Luxembourg gardens, the Pantheon, Saint-Michel area and so much more! A good and very safe area of Paris. 35 m² with a balcony which is ideal for eating outside on warm days and from which you can see the Montparnasse tower. Aside from the kitchen, bathroom (with a good strong shower), and toilet, there is the main bedroom with a double bed and the lounge which has a sofa that folds out into a double bed.  For this reason the apartment is well-suited to a couple, 3 adults or a couple + 1-2 children. As well as the RER, there is also a bus stop a stone's throw away where the 91 and 83 buses pass (the latter which takes you to the Champs Elysées. We are also well-served by night buses, and close to Vélib' (bicycle renting) stations. You will be in the true center of Paris, the apartment is very well placed in Paris, with a lot of transport facil
20961	Adorable studio in full heart of Paris. Located in the middle of the Latin Quarter, close to the Notre-Dame church… Street Galande. Here this charming small apartment, entirely renovated, on the third floor of a small building of the 16th century,typically Parisian. Useless to say to you that the place is very calm, the windows giving on an interior court, the song of the birds will awake you… And the district is extraordinary: St Germain des Prés with its coffees, its restaurants, its public market.  The Seine, with its quays for the pretty ones stroll… The museums D' Orsay, Louvre, Centre Pompidou museums… are only at a few minutes of functioning. Direct access since the airport in the RER, the subways: St Michel, Maubert Mutualité, Cité. All the districts of Paris are easily accessible. You will not be able to find apartment more central. Entirely equipped: Internet, telephone, TV… functional kitchen… you will be there on your premise, at home. It is the ideal place to shelter a rom	Adorable studio in full heart of Paris. Located in the middle of the Latin Quarter, close to the Notre-Dame church… Street Galande. Here this charming small apartment, entirely renovated, on the third floor of a small building of the 16th century,typically Parisian. Useless to say to you that the place is very calm, the windows giving on an interior court, the song of the birds will awake you… And the district is extraordinary: St Germain des Prés with its coffees, its restaurants, its public market.  The Seine, with its quays for the pretty ones stroll… The museums D' Orsay, Louvre, Centre Pompidou museums… are only at a few minutes of functioning. Direct access since the airport in the RER, the subways: St Michel, Maubert Mutualité, Cité. All the districts of Paris are easily accessible. You will not be able to find apartment more central. Entirely equipped: Internet, telephone, TV… functional kitchen… you will be there on your premise, at home. It is the ideal place to shelter a rom
20962	The apartment is on the 2nd foor in courtyard of a typical parisian building. Calm and functional (only 15m2) with a little kitchen (2 hotplates, refrigerator, oven/microwave, coffee machine...) and a convenient bathroom with toilets. 	Nice and Charming apartment ideally located in the 5th arrondissement with the famous rue Mouffetard  just a few step away. It is perfect for a couple or a single person. 
20963	This flat is extremely bright, situated in front of the most beautiful garden in Paris : Luxembourg garden, in the heart of the Quartier Latin, on the left bank of the river Seine. This apartment is full of energy.	Very bright flat, recently renovated. 50 meters  from the Luxembourg garden , 200 meters from  Sorbonne and Pantheon . Wood floor. Small balcony, beautiful view. Two bedrooms, living room, dining room, for 70 square m. 4th floor No Lift. This flat is extremely bright, situated in front of the most beautiful garden in Paris : Luxembourg garden, in the heart of the Quartier Latin, on the left bank of the river Seine. This apartment is full of energy. I can recommend you, exhibitions, good restaurants (very useful), nice cafés, nice walk, museums ... Accessible by walk or by bicycle (velib to rent next door): Pantheon, Sorbonne, Luxembourg garden, Senate, Odeon theater, Saint Sulpice Montparnasse (on the other side of the garden), Notre-Dame, Saint Louis Island, Saint Michel, Markets ( Saint Germain, Bucci,  Mouffetard). The heart of Paris is accessible by walk, with many cinémas, editory houses, book stores a historic café like Le Café Rostand. For kids , Mac Donald and Quick in front of
20964	A wonderful sunny and modern flat, offers a quiet stay in the heart of Paris. The studio offers high speed Internet, kitchen with all amenities, double bed with street view.	Our comfortable and sunny flat has a true Parisian feeling!It comfortably fits four and is centrally located on a quiet street, 2 mins walking distance from the famous Jardin du Luxembourg, the Rue Mouffetard famous for its nightlife and restaurants. A wonderful sunny and modern flat, offers a quiet stay in the heart of Paris. The studio offers high speed Internet, kitchen with all amenities, double bed with street view. The studio will be available to the guests, you will have complete privacy during your stay.  Fully equiped :  - fully equipped kitchen  - internet  - umbrella  - hairdryer  - iron  -plenty of tips for your stay . We will be glad to provide you personally all the information and advice you need during your stay. The neighborhood is famous for its restaurants, traditional shops and farmer's market. The rue Mouffetard is ideal for its offers of different cuisines. The Montparnasse tower is a tourist spot offering a great view of Paris. The neighborhood also offers movie 
20965	Discover Paris from the heart of the Left Bank. This centrally located classic Parisian apartment is 3 minutes by walk from the beautiful Luxembourg garden and from Pantheon. The flat features : - fireplace in the living room  - molding on the ceilings  - sofa designed by Philippe Starck  - large, fully equipped kitchen  - bathroom with double washstand  - quiet bedroom  - free WIFI  - sheets & towels  - hairdryer  - washing machine You will wake up with the smell of freshly baked croissant because there is a French bakery in the building. In few minutes of walk you are in Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris movie, on the famous Montagne Sainte Geneviève or you can discover the oldest amphitheatre of Lutèce. You can relax in Luxembourg garden which is one of the greatest public space in the World : a 60-acre park known for its extraordinary public amenities, including fountains, sculpture, ponds, flowerbeds, tennis courts, pony rides, a marionette theatre, playgrounds, food kiosks and open	(We co-rented this flat with my gf under her Airbnb account; I now do it under my account so the website does not display the reviews of the people who stayed there, but I can forward the 3 positive reviews upon request)  Discover Paris from the heart of the Left Bank. This centrally located classic Parisian apartment is 3 minutes by walk from the beautiful Luxembourg garden and from Pantheon. The flat features : - fireplace in the living room  - molding on the ceilings  - sofa designed by Philippe Starck  - large, fully equipped kitchen  - bathroom with double washstand  - quiet bedroom  - free WIFI  - sheets & towels  - hairdryer  - washing machine You will wake up with the smell of freshly baked croissant because there is a French bakery in the building. In few minutes of walk you are in Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris movie, on the famous Montagne Sainte Geneviève or you can discover the oldest amphitheatre of Lutèce. You can relax in Luxembourg garden which is one of the greatest 
20966	C'est un appartement très chaleureux ,clair et calme deux grandes portes fenêtres donnent sur un balcon au sud qui longe la (website hidden) est traversant ,c'est a dire qu'il a des fenêtres des deux coté ,nord et sud ,ce qui lui donne une grande luminosité	a 5 minutes de la rue mouffetard dans une rue calme  Grand salon au sud avec un lit double ,2 portes fenêtres donnant sur un balcon , une chambre avec grande fenêtre, un lit simple et matelas d'appoint ,salle de bain avec baignoire. Parquet vernis C'est un appartement très chaleureux ,clair et calme deux grandes portes fenêtres donnent sur un balcon au sud qui longe la (website hidden) est traversant ,c'est a dire qu'il a des fenêtres des deux coté ,nord et sud ,ce qui lui donne une grande luminosité un ordinateur avec wifi ,téléphone fixe international je vous accueillerai et pourrai vous donner quelques bons conseils ,je serai toujours joignable juste a coté de la rue Mouffetard avec ses commerces ,restaurants et cafés ,et son ambiance typiquement parisienne ,on trouve toujours un commerce ouvert ,même le soir tard . et le jardin des plantes et celui du Luxembourg sont  a coté.Les cinémas sont nombreux sur l'avenue des Gobelin (5 minutes a pied ) Il est très central et facile d'accès
20967	The studio is very warm and welcoming. It's small, but can accomodate easily 2 people. There is a space with the bed (for 2 persons) and a space with a sofa, a desk and the kitchen.  	The studio's located in the famous latin quarter, and just next to Saint-Germain-des-Près. It's a small studio (17m²) but the arangement is well thought, welcoming, and very cosy. It can accomodate 2 people : it's perfect for a couple !   The studio is very warm and welcoming. It's small, but can accomodate easily 2 people. There is a space with the bed (for 2 persons) and a space with a sofa, a desk and the kitchen.  My guests can access to pretty much everything in the kitchen : there's an oven, heating plates, a fridge, plates, baking pans (e.g. for muffins, and cakes). And basic alimentation : salt, pepper, coffee, tea, plenty of spices ...  The neighborhood is amazing ! The best museums and historical monuments are gathered in the neighborhood : there's the Panthéon, the College de France, the famous Sorbonne, Luxembourg Garden, The Arab World Institude, The Jardin des Plantes, Pompidou Centre ... and lots more. It couldn't be more central.  Also, as the latin quarter is a student
20968	The apartment has beautiful high ceilings and windows, putting you in a Parisian atmosphere immediately, filled with lots of natural light. As you enter the apartment, you will see a wide open living  space for everyone to relax and spread out! The open kitchen is fully equipped with a clothes washer, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, oven/microwave combination unit, Nespresso machine, coffee machine, tea kettle, and basic cooking supplies for your stay (coffee, salt, pepper, sugar, etc.). The kitchen also has all the cleaning supplies you’ll need, including laundry detergent.	This spacious bright 3 bedroom apartment is located in the prestigious 5th area of Paris, just bordering the Latin quarter. The apartment has beautiful high ceilings and windows, putting you in a Parisian atmosphere immediately, filled with lots of natural light. As you enter the apartment, you will see a wide open living  space for everyone to relax and spread out! The open kitchen is fully equipped with a clothes washer, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, oven/microwave combination unit, Nespresso machine, coffee machine, tea kettle, and basic cooking supplies for your stay (coffee, salt, pepper, sugar, etc.). The kitchen also has all the cleaning supplies you’ll need, including laundry detergent. The apartment has WiFi internet access, cable TV with English news channels, and a telephone with free international calling to landlines in many countries – plus FREE calls to cell phones & landlines in the US & Canada. You will find the famous market street rue Mouffetard and Place Monge 
20969	Rue Saint Jacques links Sorbonne University, Pantheon and the world famous cathedral Notre Dame de Paris. It is a stone's throw from Luxembourg Gardens, great for a stroll or a run in the morning. Very easy and direct access to both airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly via underground line RER B. The studio is located at the back of the building so very quiet and the private terrace is simply unbeatable: you can have your croissants/glass of wine/cigarette/coffee outside:)	Cute and comfortable terrace studio right in the historical heart of Quartier Latin. Fully equipped with WiFi, kitchen, bathroom and a mezzanine with comfortable futon mattress. This is a small double bed (110 x 200) so most suitable for 1 -2 persons.  Rue Saint Jacques links Sorbonne University, Pantheon and the world famous cathedral Notre Dame de Paris. It is a stone's throw from Luxembourg Gardens, great for a stroll or a run in the morning. Very easy and direct access to both airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly via underground line RER B. The studio is located at the back of the building so very quiet and the private terrace is simply unbeatable: you can have your croissants/glass of wine/cigarette/coffee outside:) The whole place is yours! Upon arrival and always within easy reach for insider's tips and recommendations. If you want to get that Parisian feel, away from the tourist hubs such as Champs Elysees and Eiffel Tower then Quartier Latin with its many local eateries, bars a
20970	Great one bedroom apartment freshly renovated 2nd floor without elevator, in the heart of Paris.  Situated in an ideal neighbourhood: within walking distance from the Mouffetard place, Jardin des plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg, Gare d'Austerlitz, Port Royal, Place d'Italie, Sorbonne and Panthéon.. Lovely quiet room overlooking courtyard with queen size bed, bed linen and towels are provided (inclusive in the price). Very nice Lounge, overlooking courtyard also, with equipped fitted kitchen, a coffee convertible table for up to 8 people (folding chairs under the bed) and sofa bed for an extra person (140/200 cm). Bathroom with walk-in shower, heated towel rail, toilet, washing machine (washer - dryer), hair dryer. Acess to public transport: Metro Line 7 / Censier-Daubenton or Gobelins RER B / Port Royal (Quick access to the airport ) Bus / Lines (phone number hidden), and 47	Great one bedroom apartment freshly renovated 2nd floor without elevator, in the heart of Paris.  Situated in an ideal neighbourhood: within walking distance from the Mouffetard place, Jardin des plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg, Gare d'Austerlitz, Port Royal, Place d'Italie, Sorbonne and Panthéon.. Lovely quiet room overlooking courtyard with queen size bed, bed linen and towels are provided (inclusive in the price). Very nice Lounge, overlooking courtyard also, with equipped fitted kitchen, a coffee convertible table for up to 8 people (folding chairs under the bed) and sofa bed for an extra person (140/200 cm). Bathroom with walk-in shower, heated towel rail, toilet, washing machine (washer - dryer), hair dryer. Acess to public transport: Metro Line 7 / Censier-Daubenton or Gobelins RER B / Port Royal (Quick access to the airport ) Bus / Lines (phone number hidden), and 47 I welcome you personally and remain at your disposal during your stay, if you have questions about housing and its
20971	The apartment features a new large queen bed (160 cm x 200 cm), as well as a small daybed in the bedroom area for lounging or for accommodating a child traveling with you. There is also a small armoire where you can unpack your belongings. The apartment is located on the first floor French (second floor to North Americans) and does NOT have an elevator. You will need to walk up one flight of stairs. 	The apartment features a new large queen bed (160 cm x 200 cm), as well as a small daybed in the bedroom area for lounging or for accommodating a child traveling with you. There is also a small armoire where you can unpack your belongings. The apartment is located on the first floor French (second floor to North Americans) and does NOT have an elevator. You will need to walk up one flight of stairs. The spacious living area has a dining table for 4, a writing desk, a TV with a few English news channels, a telephone with free international calling to many destinations, and WiFi internet (with a modem you can plug directly into with an Ethernet cable if you prefer). The living area also has a closet with space for you to hang clothing and store your suitcases. The full bathroom has a toilet, sink and a large bathtub with a wall-mounted shower attachment. The sink area has a medicine cabinet above it for storage of personal toiletries. The kitchen has a bar area with two bar stools and is
20972	Donnant dans la Villa Port-royal, au 49 du même boulevard, cet appartement est situé au 3ème et dernier étage du premier petit immeuble (ancien). Il a une vue sur les toits de Paris , ce qui le rend très clair et lumineux...	Deux pièces, calme et ensoleillé, sécurisé sur jardin privé. Proche marché Mouffetard. Très bien desservi par transports en commun : RER B, bus 21, 83 et 91 Donnant dans la Villa Port-royal, au 49 du même boulevard, cet appartement est situé au 3ème et dernier étage du premier petit immeuble (ancien). Il a une vue sur les toits de Paris , ce qui le rend très clair et lumineux... Une fois dépassée la grille d entrée , les voyageurs arrivent dans un espace privatif avec allées pavées et jardin agréable.  En rencontrant les locataires, j'essaierais de leur donner un maximum  d infos sur le quartier, les sites historiques à proximité, le jardin du Luxembourg, le Panthéon...I can also speak english and give some advices if necessary...   Le boulevard de Port Royal est large , bordé d'une double rangée d' arbres, agréable pour se promener. On peut aller à pied au jardin du Luxembourg, à Montparnasse, ou de l autre côté, sur les quais de la Seine ,en traversant le jardin des Plantes...Le quar
20973	Bright, quiet and very welcoming, this newly renovated flat is located in the heart of Paris.  The new kitchen, opened on the living room with a bar is fully equipped with gas stove, electric oven, dishwasher, etc. (except a microwave). The living room contains a very comfortable and convertible sofa. You will appreciate our projector and its big screen as well as our high speed wifi connection. You have access to a balcony where you will enjoy the wonderful view and the light of the sunset. Separate toilets. In the quiet bedroom you will find a queen-sized bed. The bathroom is located in the bedroom with a large shower and a washing machine. The flat is located at the 5th floor without elevator but the view really worth it! 	Bright, quiet and very welcoming, this newly renovated flat is located in the heart of Paris.  The new kitchen, opened on the living room with a bar is fully equipped with gas stove, electric oven, dishwasher, etc. (except a microwave). The living room contains a very comfortable and convertible sofa. You will appreciate our projector and its big screen as well as our high speed wifi connection. You have access to a balcony where you will enjoy the wonderful view and the light of the sunset. Separate toilets. In the quiet bedroom you will find a queen-sized bed. The bathroom is located in the bedroom with a large shower and a washing machine. The flat is located at the 5th floor without elevator but the view really worth it! You can access everything in the flat except the dressing room which is filled with our personal stuff. We won't be in Paris during you stay but we have English speaking friends in the building who can help you out with lots of advices. One of the nicest district o
20974	 Welcoming  and romantic ideal for a couple (spacious bedroom on to courtyard with double bed)  or perfect for 2 friends  (2  separate beds - 1 in the bedroom; and 1 sofa-bed in the livingroom). Spacious bright livingroom  on a small quiet street, lovely polished wooden floors, rugs, antique furniture, relaxed atmosphere, Suitable for 1 or 2 extra people.  	Charming  2-room apartment in Latin Quarter. 2 min. walk from Rue  Mouffetard.  65 sq.m. 5th floor w. elevator. Large bright living room w. sofa-bed. Spacious quiet bedroom w. double bed. Bathroom w. shower. Fully equipped kitchen. wi-fi. Welcome!  Welcoming  and romantic ideal for a couple (spacious bedroom on to courtyard with double bed)  or perfect for 2 friends  (2  separate beds - 1 in the bedroom; and 1 sofa-bed in the livingroom). Spacious bright livingroom  on a small quiet street, lovely polished wooden floors, rugs, antique furniture, relaxed atmosphere, Suitable for 1 or 2 extra people.  The entire apartment. Warm and relaxed welcome. Introduction to the neighborhood with all the good addresses and contacts for best restaurants, cafés, music sessions, bars and so on.  Maps and guidebooks available to use during stay. Though I will not be in the apartment except for welcoming visitors, I can be contacted directly by email and mobile phone. Or else a family member will be ava
20975	 The Flat's decorated in a contemporary style and very quiet overlooking the courtyard  (on the 3rd floor without elevator). The apartment is very comfortable and composed as following: a shower-room,  a double bed room with dressing, a living-room with an open-plan kitchen The kitchen is fully equipped with a washing machine, a fridge, a oven, induction hobs, kettle, coffee maker, toaster and all dishes and utensils you will need. Will also be available: Wi-Fi, Television and Stereo.	It's a lovely renewed 2 room's apartment in the center of Paris. Ideally located in the Latin Quarter, close to  the Luxembourg Park, the pantheon, Montparnasse but also to one of the busiest street of Paris, the rue Mouffetard. The Flat's decorated in a contemporary style and very quiet overlooking the courtyard  (on the 3rd floor without elevator). The apartment is very comfortable and composed as following: a shower-room,  a double bed room with dressing, a living-room with an open-plan kitchen The kitchen is fully equipped with a washing machine, a fridge, a oven, induction hobs, kettle, coffee maker, toaster and all dishes and utensils you will need. Will also be available: Wi-Fi, Television and Stereo. RER B : Port Royal   Métro 7 : Gobelin  Métro 6 : Glacière  BUS (phone number hidden) Stations Vélib 
20976		icturesque little street, a few meters from rue Mouffetard and its market. Great area. Metro Censier Daubenton. Host 2 or 4 persons.  A glass-slab partition between the 2 rooms. Well insulated from street sounds. Double gazed window. Radio, TV , DVD and CD player, Cable, Internet hight speed, WIFI, phone, free calls to most of countries. Located in the very center of Paris, near the famous rue Mouffetard, connected with metro (Censier-Daubenton) and bus (27, 47, 91), Market Mouffetard, Public parking nearby 'Parking des Patriarches' Métro Censier Daubenton
20977	AMENITIES: -Central location in Latin Quarter area of Paris -Large flat screen television with cable channels -Free highspeed WIFI -Washing machine, hairdryer and coffee machine -METRO: Maubert Mutualité (Line 10) A cosy and comfortable apartment located on the 4th floor of a secure residential apartment building without an elevator. This apartment is equipped for your stay in Paris, giving you the perfect base from which to explore all the beautiful sights the city has to offer. This apartment is ideal for a couple looking for a more budget friendly choice for their accommodation  On entering the apartment, you have a large mirrored storage cupboard for hanging clothes and other belongings during your stay. Just of the entryway is the bathroom with a shower, washbasin, heater and toilet. On arrival 2 complimentary toilet rolls, shower gel and hand soap will be provided to start off your stay. Just after the entryway there is a compact fully equipped kitchen which has a 2 burner electr	This apartment is located in the highly sought after Saint Germain/ Latin Quarter area, and perfectly located for anyone wanting to visit all the sights in the city of lights. Perfect for couples, or a family looking to be in the centre of it all! AMENITIES: -Central location in Latin Quarter area of Paris -Large flat screen television with cable channels -Free highspeed WIFI -Washing machine, hairdryer and coffee machine -METRO: Maubert Mutualité (Line 10) A cosy and comfortable apartment located on the 4th floor of a secure residential apartment building without an elevator. This apartment is equipped for your stay in Paris, giving you the perfect base from which to explore all the beautiful sights the city has to offer. This apartment is ideal for a couple looking for a more budget friendly choice for their accommodation  On entering the apartment, you have a large mirrored storage cupboard for hanging clothes and other belongings during your stay. Just of the entryway is the bathro
20978		Ce grand et lumineux 3 pièces récemment rénové dans un style contemporain, peut accueillir  personnes. Il est situé au cœur du quartier latin, à 3mn de la charmante et commerçante Rue Mouffetard, tout près du jardin des plantes (proximité métro, bus & RER) 
20979		Charming studio in the heart of Paris at 200 meters from the Boulevard Saint-Michel. Perfect for a couple visiting Paris, the studio has a bed for 2, kitchen, bathroom and wi-fi. Brand NEW, it will make you feel at home with the comfort of an hotel. All the studio is yours for a nice stay in Paris. Born in Paris, i can help you with your visits and give you practical information or secrets of the city ! The Studio is located in one of the best districts of Paris, the famous latin district, with gardens and historical universities, churches and a lot of tipical french restaurants. The studio is perfectly located at 3 minutes to have the direct Train to the two airports of Paris !
20980	During the evening, beautiful view to the Tour Effeil at night. During the day, radiant (as in bright with a lot of light) as well as calm, quiet, and discrete.	Charming studio in the center of Paris; convenient, easy access to all airports, 3 minutes to all airport metros and buses ; supermarkets and laundry next door: Elevator, private hallway, room, separate bathroom and separate kitchen. During the evening, beautiful view to the Tour Effeil at night. During the day, radiant (as in bright with a lot of light) as well as calm, quiet, and discrete. kitchen, utensils, cooking materials, refrigerator, microwave, coffee brewer , additional heater for cold times and two fans for the summer ...  Anything you need to cook !  (In relation to the food itself, it is up to you to buy in cheap supermarkets in the corner according to your tastes.) Hospitality before anything else ! Located in the lively center of Paris (Latin Quartier) as well as in the oldest street of Paris. Train direct to Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports). Buses direct to Gare Montparnasse, Gare d'Austerlitz, Gare de Lyon, Gare du Nord. Feels like being at home; elegance and style
20981	Cosy 25m2 studio-flat situated on the 6th floor by elevator, with an incredible panorama over Paris It will be perfect for a couple or two friends. You coudn't be more in the center of the town! You will feel like a local :)	350m from Notre-Dame Cathedral. This Lovely flat is located in the historical city center of Paris the Quartier Latin. In a typical Haussman building from 1850s, take a look at the incredible roof panorama and enjoy walking around. Feel like a local! Cosy 25m2 studio-flat situated on the 6th floor by elevator, with an incredible panorama over Paris It will be perfect for a couple or two friends. You coudn't be more in the center of the town! You will feel like a local :) A fully equiped kitchen: Vitrocéramic cooker with oven, microwave oven, fridge, freezer, kettle, coffee machine and washing machine.  There is a table, two armchairs, and a very comfortable bed. A bathroom with a bath, and WC. The apartement is very enjoyable as it is very bright with his four windows. Theyr is no more TV screen for the moment. I hope you will enjoy your stay! Do not easited to contact me iff you have any question about the place or Paris :) There is Two supermarkets in front of the building : Franprix
20982	Appartement très lumineux situé au 4ème étage d'un I'immeuble haussmannien. Balcon filant. Décoration parisienne qui va vous séduire immédiatement. Vous disposez d'une chambre avec un grand lit. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. 	Ce charmant appartement situé en plein cœur de Paris à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg saura vous séduire. Très lumineux, au 4ème étage d'un immeuble type haussmannien, proche des commerces, des restaurants et  des principaux monuments historiques. Appartement très lumineux situé au 4ème étage d'un I'immeuble haussmannien. Balcon filant. Décoration parisienne qui va vous séduire immédiatement. Vous disposez d'une chambre avec un grand lit. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. Je serai disponible par mail et par téléphone pour répondre à toutes vos questions durant votre séjour Le quartier du Luxembourg est en plein cœur de Paris. Vous serez à proximité des principaux monuments historiques de Paris (Notre  Dame, La Conciergerie, le Panthéon, Hôtel de Ville). De nombreux commerces dans la rue Saint Jacques ainsi que de nombreux restaurants. L'appartement est situé à 3min à pieds de la station de RER B Luxembourg et à 8min à pieds de la station Cl
20983		2 pieces tout equipe gd lit et  canape lit env 35 m2. et terrasse env 15 m2
20984	Family appt ideal	Charming recently renovated duplex near mouffetard and Sorbonne, ideal for a family of 5-6 located on the 2nd and 3rd floor of a secured Haussmanian building with elevator and inside community garden. Rental for Two weeks in a row minimum. Family appt ideal No help during stay but concierge available and friendly neighbors.
20985	Building with digicode and intercom. First floor Paris apartment. 290 sq.ft with a separate kitchen. The living room is furnished with a double bed, a table, chairs and a chest of drawers. The separate kitchen is fully furnished with standard equipment. The bathroom contains a bath/shower. This is a lovely apartment to rent if you are thinking of renting in Paris.	"Apartment rental in Paris which is close to ""Rue Mouffetard"", an area that is very well known for its great atmosphere, restaurants and famous market. Contains great facilities. Building with digicode and intercom. First floor Paris apartment. 290 sq.ft with a separate kitchen. The living room is furnished with a double bed, a table, chairs and a chest of drawers. The separate kitchen is fully furnished with standard equipment. The bathroom contains a bath/shower. This is a lovely apartment to rent if you are thinking of renting in Paris. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay if any question or needs In the ""quartier Latin"", between the ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" and the ""Jardin des Plantes"", this apartment rental in Paris is close to ""Rue Mouffetard"", an area that is very well known for its great atmosphere, restaurants and famous market. Close to metro: Les Gobelins Censier-Daubenton"
20986		Dans une belle copropriété avec ascenseur, 2 pièces à l'étage sur cour, au calme.  Une entrée, une cuisine équipée indépendante, un séjour avec table, TV HIFI, internet WIFI canapé. Une grande chambre avec placards, toilette et salle de bain séparées
20987	The situation, in the heart of the Latin and Mouffetard area, is unique. One of the most beautiful areas in Paris, very quiet and at the same time one can walk to the centre and there is public transportation within two minutes walk. Beautiful Mouffetard market with all its shops and cafes.  The apartment,inside gardens, is very quiet and full of light. It is a classical Parisian apartment in a building from the early 20th century, with beautiful wooden floor and beams. The bedroom is upstairs under the roof. Bathroom with bathtub. Nice separate kitchen. Washing machine. Beautiful furniture and carpets. Wi-Fi. 	Two steps from rue Mouffetard and its famous market , beautiful apartment in old building inside gardens, third and last floor. Very quiet, lots of light, beams, bedroom upstairs under the roof, beautiful space, nice ethnic furniture, lots of charm! The situation, in the heart of the Latin and Mouffetard area, is unique. One of the most beautiful areas in Paris, very quiet and at the same time one can walk to the centre and there is public transportation within two minutes walk. Beautiful Mouffetard market with all its shops and cafes.  The apartment,inside gardens, is very quiet and full of light. It is a classical Parisian apartment in a building from the early 20th century, with beautiful wooden floor and beams. The bedroom is upstairs under the roof. Bathroom with bathtub. Nice separate kitchen. Washing machine. Beautiful furniture and carpets. Wi-Fi.  Guests will have access to the whole apartment.  I will be happy to meet my guests and if I am not here, my mother or a friend will
20988	One bedroom apartment of 60 square meters. Ideal for 2 people. Cosy bedroom with a double bed.  The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, coffee machine etc The living room is decorated with taste, cosy, minimalist art, and includes a dining table, with two comfortable sofa and a large TV.	"This cosy and spacious one bedroom apartment of 60m2 can fit up to 4 people and offers a large range of amenities and comfort you may need. Located in a very quiet building with a beautiful courtyard. One bedroom apartment of 60 square meters. Ideal for 2 people. Cosy bedroom with a double bed.  The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, coffee machine etc The living room is decorated with taste, cosy, minimalist art, and includes a dining table, with two comfortable sofa and a large TV. The whole apartment. Over phone and email. In the 5th district of Paris, rue Saint Jacques, near from the Luxembourg Garden. Rue Saint Jacques is a street where you can find everything you need (shops, restaurants, bistros, markets...). The Jardin du Luxembourg, or the Luxembourg Garden was created beginning in 1612 by Marie de Medici. You can lie down in the grass of this delightful garden. The nearest metro stations are ""Censier - Daubenton"" line 7, and Port"
20989	Haussmann style building, dressed stones. Wooden floor and moulding. Apartment in good condition. Ground floor. 	3 pièces spacieux et  agréable (60m2) au coeur du quartier latin dans un bel immeuble hausmannien!  Une location idéale pour profiter de la vie parisienne, qui peut  loger 4 personnes (deux chambres et un grand salon). Haussmann style building, dressed stones. Wooden floor and moulding. Apartment in good condition. Ground floor.  Access to the entire appartment. Ideal location to enjoy the Parisian way of live! Very close to rue Mouffetard, Jardin des Plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg. Close to all amenities. Close to lots of means of transportation (buses, subway line 7, RER B) Very good level of equipments: Oven, micro-wave, hotplates, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble-dryer. Sleeps: one sofa bed (2 people), one double bed and one single bed (the double bed and the sofa bed are quite new).
20990	"Perfect location in the heart of 5th ""arrondissement"", near Jardin des Plantes, Great Mosque and Panthéon, all within foot reach. It's a relaxing place, with sun and a great view on the roofs and the neigborhood.  There is 4 rooms with a living room, a bathrom, separated toilets and a kitchen. "	"The room is 18m2, with fournitures, two big windows, balcon, fire place,  Perfect location in the heart of 5th ""arrondissement"", near Jardin des Plantes, Great Mosque and Panthéon, all within foot reach. It's a relaxing place, with sun and a great view on the roofs and the neigborhood.  There is 4 rooms with a living room, a bathrom, separated toilets and a kitchen.  The kitchen is small but fully equipped with a fridge-freezer, a micro-wave, an oven with gaz cooker, a lot of kitchenware, ketle and a italian coffe maker. I will let you a map and advices for your stay.  Depending on my planning, it would be a pleasure to share with you a glass of wine on the evening.  My neighborhood is an old typical parisian village. It's lively because there is many school and university, therefore many students and bars. The food is a great experience in France, and I should say especially here because of bakerys : they are truly handsome. The fruit and veg market is expensive but nice to see it. Th"
20991	Lovely appartment, quiet, 100m away from Saint-Germain boulevard, beams, 4.5m ceiling height, historical 17th century building.  Full of sunlight, large living space, mezzanine bedroom with queen size bed, fully equipped kitchen bathroom with bath and 2 toilets.	Lovely appartment in a historical building for two persons. Absolut romantism in the best Paris district... Lovely appartment, quiet, 100m away from Saint-Germain boulevard, beams, 4.5m ceiling height, historical 17th century building.  Full of sunlight, large living space, mezzanine bedroom with queen size bed, fully equipped kitchen bathroom with bath and 2 toilets. To everything!
20992		a beautiful apartment for rent with good lighting and home like !just stay on!
20993	La vue sur les toits de Paris et ses monuments.  Cher Airbnb, L' appartement est un deux pièces de 40 m² très bien disposé et lumineux .  Vous aurez accès à la cuisine et ses éléments (frigidaire four etc ..)  L' appartement  est nettoyé avant votre arrivée, vous trouverez un lit fait avec des draps blancs et des serviettes de toilette.  Je vous souhaite un agréable séjour.	"Appartement situé à 5 min du Jardin des Plantes du quartier Mouffetard et quartier latin. Belle vue, lumineux, charmant, chaleureux et central. Je suis architecte parisienne, je pourrai vous conseiller de jolis endroits à visiter et le Paris secret. La vue sur les toits de Paris et ses monuments.  Cher Airbnb, L' appartement est un deux pièces de 40 m² très bien disposé et lumineux .  Vous aurez accès à la cuisine et ses éléments (frigidaire four etc ..)  L' appartement  est nettoyé avant votre arrivée, vous trouverez un lit fait avec des draps blancs et des serviettes de toilette.  Je vous souhaite un agréable séjour. Dans mon appartement, vous aurez accès au séjour, cuisine, chambre et salle de bain . Il est situé au 7 e étage sans ascenseur. Je serai disponible pour vous donner des informations sur Paris. Le quartier est central dans Paris et le quartier Monge et Mouffetard à 5 min à pied ont un caractère exceptionnel dans Paris  On découvre ici  le "" Vieux Paris "" aux allures des c"
20994	STUDIO19m2 + BALCONY AT THE 5th WITHOUT LIFT. The situation of the studio is quite ideal for those who want to be in the very center of the city, and offers all proximity services needed. It is located in the Latin Quarter, at fews minutes by walk from the PANTHEON, and the Luxembourg garden.	At the 5th floor withoout lift. Kitchen, bathroom. The situation of the studio is quite ideal for those who want to be in the very center of the city, and offers all proximity services needed. It is located in the famous Latin Quarter. STUDIO19m2 + BALCONY AT THE 5th WITHOUT LIFT. The situation of the studio is quite ideal for those who want to be in the very center of the city, and offers all proximity services needed. It is located in the Latin Quarter, at fews minutes by walk from the PANTHEON, and the Luxembourg garden. This area is known to be an historical place, where lot of celebrities have lived, such as Victor Hugo, or the historical pieces such as for the remains of the 800 years fortification wall of Paris, or the Lutèce arena built in the 1st century. In the same time the area is quiet dynamic since many faculties are in this quarter. And of course the apartment is close to a lot of bars and restaurants to have a drink with the typical atmosphere of Paris Latin quarter as 
20995	The STUDIO-loft of 20m2, has the potential to accommodate 2 Guests. Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17th century on the Ground Floor of the building C, the first door on the Left. The Studio-Loft is Clean quite luminous for a ground floor apartment, with 1 Window overlooking the very Quiet Courtyard. As you can see on the pictures, you have a sofa convertible, very easy to use and  comfortable like a Real Bed….  There is also a coffee table, a flat screen TV, a dining-table, chairs, the open kitchen with the basics, the bathroom with a wc and a Shower  (the ceiling of the shower is a little low and that's the reason of the good price especially for this area of Paris). There is no Bedroom but a MEZZANINE above the bathroom and Kitchen with one double mattress of quality. The Interior Design is Typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams, freestone walls… The Check In is from 3pm until 8pm and the Check Out before noon. If	Perfect LOCATION for Visiting Paris :  In the Pedestrian Area of Quartier Latin, near the metro and RER St Michel major line B.  The building is between Quai Saint Michel and Boulevard Saint Germain, 5 minutes by foot from Notre Dame de Paris... The STUDIO-loft of 20m2, has the potential to accommodate 2 Guests. Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17th century on the Ground Floor of the building C, the first door on the Left. The Studio-Loft is Clean quite luminous for a ground floor apartment, with 1 Window overlooking the very Quiet Courtyard. As you can see on the pictures, you have a sofa convertible, very easy to use and  comfortable like a Real Bed….  There is also a coffee table, a flat screen TV, a dining-table, chairs, the open kitchen with the basics, the bathroom with a wc and a Shower  (the ceiling of the shower is a little low and that's the reason of the good price especially for this area of Paris). There is no Bedroom but
20996		Well located apartment inear boulevard Saint Michel and very near to Luxembourg park and RER metro stations going to both airports. Nicely decorated with antiques . Comfotable kitchen 
20997		Quartier très animé, très touristique et en meme temps très calme  Métro maubert-mutualité a 2 minutes a pied  2eme étage
20998	what is making unique the apartment is the surface bout 35 m2 wich is very rare in Paris especially in the Fifth quarter . The extraordinary peacefull atmosphere of the apartment block . The fact that the apartment is composed of one roomy living room, one separate bed room and bath room .	"very quiet and beautiful appartement near from the Mouffetard street, with private courtyard , nice shops , restaurant , theatre , nearly from"" Jardin du luxembourg"" and "" Jardin des plantes"". what is making unique the apartment is the surface bout 35 m2 wich is very rare in Paris especially in the Fifth quarter . The extraordinary peacefull atmosphere of the apartment block . The fact that the apartment is composed of one roomy living room, one separate bed room and bath room . The location is awesome because the guests will have access to many shops, restaurants, public Yards like ""Jardin du luxembourg, jardin des plantes"" Theatre etc .  we will exchange with the guests about the good spots for eat, hear music or go to the theatre etc ...  Metro censier d'aubenton , Bus le 21 & 27 , Bis 91"
20999	Un très charmant appartement , cosy et minimaliste Avec un salon et chambre, accueille deux- trois personnes dans le centre de Paris.  Située dans le centre de Paris , à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg , st.Germain de Prêt, Panthéon , Louvre.  L'appartement est idéale pour visiter Paris dans tout sa splendeur .  La construction de l'immeuble ancienne typique dans les appartements Parisiennes . Elle est située Au 3 eme étage sans ascenseur.  L'appartement est calme . Équipée en:  Machine a laver, frigo, séchoir, cuisine , internet.  Vous avez un bon accès par Metro ligne B station Luxembourg puis le bus 38.  Depuis l'appartement tout est prêt à pieds. .. 	Un très charmant appartement , cosy et minimaliste Avec un salon et chambre, accueille deux - trois personnes dans le centre de Paris.  Située dans le centre historique de Paris , quartier Latin à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg et st.Germain de Pret. Idéale pour visiter Paris dans tout son splendeur ! Un très charmant appartement , cosy et minimaliste Avec un salon et chambre, accueille deux- trois personnes dans le centre de Paris.  Située dans le centre de Paris , à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg , st.Germain de Prêt, Panthéon , Louvre.  L'appartement est idéale pour visiter Paris dans tout sa splendeur .  La construction de l'immeuble ancienne typique dans les appartements Parisiennes . Elle est située Au 3 eme étage sans ascenseur.  L'appartement est calme . Équipée en:  Machine a laver, frigo, séchoir, cuisine , internet.  Vous avez un bon accès par Metro ligne B station Luxembourg puis le bus 38.  Depuis l'appartement tout est prêt à pieds. .. St. Germain de Prêt , petits bar
