17100	The apartment is accessible through 2 elevators, and is located on the 4th floor.  The Living room is luminous and can sleep 2 guests in a comfy sofa bed. A first bedroom is ideal for children, it features 2 twin beds (which can also be used as a double bed). The second bedroom is more spacious, ideal for a couple, and benefits from a Balcony with a beautiful view over Paris roofs. The kitchen is fully equipped with a Microwave oven, à large fridge, a dish washer, a washing machine & dryer, as well as an ironing board & iron.	This luminous flat, located 1 bloc away from the Champs Elysées, can welcome up to 6 guests. It features a spacious living room with a balcony and a sofa bet, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom (with bathtub), separate restrooms and 2 bedrooms. The apartment is accessible through 2 elevators, and is located on the 4th floor.  The Living room is luminous and can sleep 2 guests in a comfy sofa bed. A first bedroom is ideal for children, it features 2 twin beds (which can also be used as a double bed). The second bedroom is more spacious, ideal for a couple, and benefits from a Balcony with a beautiful view over Paris roofs. The kitchen is fully equipped with a Microwave oven, à large fridge, a dish washer, a washing machine & dryer, as well as an ironing board & iron. I will stay at your disposal in case you need extra services, a car rental for example (we have over 80 Luxury cars available) or if you need activity suggestions during your stay There is no need to describe the Champs-E
17101	The studio is about 18 m², best for 2 persons, maximum for 3, on the 5th floor with an elevator, digicode and digiphone. It's one room studio, painted in white and with timbered ceilings which gives very cosy ambience to the room. No noise, except the birds singing in the morning, because the windows are on the side of courtyard. Much sun in the morning and very light.   The studio is furnished with a very big and confortible sofa-bed for two (there is possibility to sleep for the third person, I have one more mattress-bed), a height adjustable table, a bookcase, some chairs, a commode and TV. The floor is parquet.  The kitchen is american style, furnished with refrigerator with freezer compartment, grill oven, teapot and everything you need to cook.  In the bathroom you have toilet and the shower cabin. All bed linens, blankets, pillows and towels are (website hidden) and wifi for free. I'm very kind and open, can help you if you have questions. You can call me any time of the day if 	A very charming, calm, light and cosy studio for 2 or 3 people in the center of Paris near many famous sites to visit by foot has a pleasure to welcome you to spend unforgettable moment in the most beautiful city in the world! Have a nice journey! The studio is about 18 m², best for 2 persons, maximum for 3, on the 5th floor with an elevator, digicode and digiphone. It's one room studio, painted in white and with timbered ceilings which gives very cosy ambience to the room. No noise, except the birds singing in the morning, because the windows are on the side of courtyard. Much sun in the morning and very light.   The studio is furnished with a very big and confortible sofa-bed for two (there is possibility to sleep for the third person, I have one more mattress-bed), a height adjustable table, a bookcase, some chairs, a commode and TV. The floor is parquet.  The kitchen is american style, furnished with refrigerator with freezer compartment, grill oven, teapot and everything you need 
17102	Ce logement est unique ! Grand studio de 33 m², vue sur un jardin, très calme, lumineux, zen ! Volets électriques (système manuel également), rideaux neufs, matelas neuf.  Espace très confortable et agréable. Idéal pour se reposer après une journée de visites et de shopping !	Grand Studio 33m², Paris 8ème, rue de Berri, pour 2 personnes, au 3ème étage, avec ascenseur, calme, métro Georges V. Très confortable, matelas neuf une grande salle de bain, coin cuisine, accès internet. Très bon cadre de vie, commerces à proximité. Ce logement est unique ! Grand studio de 33 m², vue sur un jardin, très calme, lumineux, zen ! Volets électriques (système manuel également), rideaux neufs, matelas neuf.  Espace très confortable et agréable. Idéal pour se reposer après une journée de visites et de shopping ! Accès internet. Logement très central, à 50 mètres des Champs-Elysées ! Grand studio de 33 m², équipé et très confortable. Cuisine avec four à micro-ondes et tout le nécessaire pour se faire un petit déjeuner ou se préparer un plat. Lit très confortable, avec matelas neuf. Grande salle de bain avec baignoire. Serviettes, shampoings, savons et draps fournis. Coin salle à manger, coin salon avec télévision et lecteur de cd. Wi-Fi et téléphone (pour appels en France et s
17103	The Flat Located in a quiet street but at 5 min walk from the Champs Elysées and avenue des Ternes, this 59sqm flat is on the 4th floor (without elevator) of a 5 floor flat.. Fully equipped, it has a middle size entrance, a large double living room with on one side a couch with TV and on the other a dining room, a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom with a bathtub, separated toilets and a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, oven, microwave, coffee machine, toaster). All the flat (except kitchen and bathroom) have a wooden parquet floor, typical Parisian. The living room is the master piece of the flat, very bright, with 3 windows and a big couch with meridian. Whether you travel alone for business or in couple for a romantic stay in Paris, you will appreciate this apartment, full of charm located in the well-known “Ternes, Etoile, Wagram” triangle. The flat is located in a quiet little street but at the heart of an animated neighborhood with a lot of shops, restaurants, b	The Flat Located in a quiet street but at 5 min walk from the Champs Elysées and avenue des Ternes, this 59sqm flat is on the 4th floor (without elevator) of a 5 floor flat.. The Flat Located in a quiet street but at 5 min walk from the Champs Elysées and avenue des Ternes, this 59sqm flat is on the 4th floor (without elevator) of a 5 floor flat.. Fully equipped, it has a middle size entrance, a large double living room with on one side a couch with TV and on the other a dining room, a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom with a bathtub, separated toilets and a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, oven, microwave, coffee machine, toaster). All the flat (except kitchen and bathroom) have a wooden parquet floor, typical Parisian. The living room is the master piece of the flat, very bright, with 3 windows and a big couch with meridian. Whether you travel alone for business or in couple for a romantic stay in Paris, you will appreciate this apartment, full of charm located in 
17104		Situé au bas des Champs Elysées, studio calme et luxueux, idéal pour passer de bonnes vacances à Paris.
17105	Though being close to lively streets, the apartment is very quiet, because it is on the fifth and topmost floor, with double-glazed windows and respectful neighbours. There is an elevator. It has a large main room of 320 sq. feet, hardwood floors, and high ceilings of 14 feet and exposed beams. There is sun from morning to evening (sunset!), because of windows East, West and through the roof, with a nice view on Parisian rooftops, you do not face any other building. For winter, you will find an easy-to-use gas-fuelled fireplace. And there are electric heaters you can adjust as needed. There are 2 bedrooms : one on the main floor, with either 2 separate beds or 1 double-size bed at your convenience, and one on the mezzanine with 2 double-size beds (please note that the mezzanine is open to the living room below, accessible via a ladder and has low ceiling, 4 feet, see pictures). It is perfect for 1 or 2 couples, or 2 to 4 persons, or a family with 2 children (not too young, there are a 	Quiet and sunny apartment with 2 bedrooms (1 is on a low ceiling mezzanine), above the roofs of Paris. Lively area, open-air market, supermarkets, restaurants. I leave utensils and basic food for cooking, use what you need, like at a friend’s place. Though being close to lively streets, the apartment is very quiet, because it is on the fifth and topmost floor, with double-glazed windows and respectful neighbours. There is an elevator. It has a large main room of 320 sq. feet, hardwood floors, and high ceilings of 14 feet and exposed beams. There is sun from morning to evening (sunset!), because of windows East, West and through the roof, with a nice view on Parisian rooftops, you do not face any other building. For winter, you will find an easy-to-use gas-fuelled fireplace. And there are electric heaters you can adjust as needed. There are 2 bedrooms : one on the main floor, with either 2 separate beds or 1 double-size bed at your convenience, and one on the mezzanine with 2 double-siz
17106		Appartement de 2 pièces dans très bel immeuble haussmanien. Beaucoup de cachet.  Vue dégagée, très lumineux.  Salon plein Sud, sur rue. Chambre au calme sur cour. Rez de chaussée surélevé.
17107	Entièrement refait à neuf avec tout le confort, peut accueillir 2 personnes avec son lit 2 places de 160 cm et son canapé lit.  Se compose d'une kitchenette avec frigidaire, plaques électriques, micro-onde et lave-sèche-linge, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilette.  A proximité du Métro (station Roosevelt), ce quartier de Paris est le plus recherché;  il y a aussi un grand supermarché à quelques minutes à pied.  Quartier très central.  Tout est accessible à pied, restaurant, musée, monuments, cinémas..  C'est l'endroit idéal pour profiter de Paris. Porte blindée et voisinage très sympa. Check in : Entre 14h et 19h de préférence. Si vous venez avant 14h, nous vous donnerons les clés et garderons vos valises dans l'appartement pendant que nous finalisons le ménage ! Vous pourrez accéder à l'appartement dès 14h ! Nous habitons à 30 minutes de l'appartement, donc veuillez nous avartir juste avant votre arrivée ! 20e de supplément pour les check-in après 21h. Check-out : Quand vous so	Très joli studio avec mezzanine au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur à 50 mètres des mythiques «Champs Elysées».  Idéalement situé entre l’Avenue des Champs Elysées et rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, il est en plein cœur de Paris. Entièrement refait à neuf. Entièrement refait à neuf avec tout le confort, peut accueillir 2 personnes avec son lit 2 places de 160 cm et son canapé lit.  Se compose d'une kitchenette avec frigidaire, plaques électriques, micro-onde et lave-sèche-linge, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilette.  A proximité du Métro (station Roosevelt), ce quartier de Paris est le plus recherché;  il y a aussi un grand supermarché à quelques minutes à pied.  Quartier très central.  Tout est accessible à pied, restaurant, musée, monuments, cinémas..  C'est l'endroit idéal pour profiter de Paris. Porte blindée et voisinage très sympa. Check in : Entre 14h et 19h de préférence. Si vous venez avant 14h, nous vous donnerons les clés et garderons vos valises dans l'appartement pendant qu
17108	The apartment is fitted with parquet flooring, two windows that illuminate the unique environment. On entering there is a hallway where on the left there is a large built-in wardrobe, while on the right there is the bathroom door, comprising shower, sink, toilet and bidet. Continuing with direct access to the main room, consisting of a folding table where you can 'dine comfortably in 4 -on the left- there is a wall equipped with TV. On the bottom and on the right side two comfortable sofa beds (140 cm) and an armchair; also on the right is the stove with two burners, electric oven and refrigerator. Additional equipment: - Electric kettle - Moka - Vacuum Cleaner -Tostapane	Large studio of 50sqm located in a street parallel to the Champs Elyseés.Ideale for short holidays,because the house is very close to the most exclusive areas of Paris, and business trips, for it's proximity to the most important offices of the city. The apartment is fitted with parquet flooring, two windows that illuminate the unique environment. On entering there is a hallway where on the left there is a large built-in wardrobe, while on the right there is the bathroom door, comprising shower, sink, toilet and bidet. Continuing with direct access to the main room, consisting of a folding table where you can 'dine comfortably in 4 -on the left- there is a wall equipped with TV. On the bottom and on the right side two comfortable sofa beds (140 cm) and an armchair; also on the right is the stove with two burners, electric oven and refrigerator. Additional equipment: - Electric kettle - Moka - Vacuum Cleaner -Tostapane This apartment in the 8th district is located in the Champs Elysees,
17109	"A typical ""Haussmannian"" flat from late XIXth century, freshly renewed and refurbished with designer furnitures.  It can be rented as a whole: 6 rooms, 204m ², 2 bathrooms, 3 minutes away fom the Opera shopping centre - ""grands magasins"" (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps...) and 10 minutes away from Concorde Square and Champs Elysees. The area is the most central of Paris and is highly connected with metro, taxis and bus stations.   The flat is not overlooked and gives onto a quiet garden: Louis XVI square. The windows are double glazing.  It is perfect for a business trip, a family or 2 couples as it includes: 3 bedrooms, 2 toilets and 2 separate bathrooms. The flat is fully equiped, furbished and secure (with a caretaker around the clock). It is a unique occasion to discover a typical Parisian flattotally renewed: mouldings on the walls, old style parquet floor, a bright entrance hall, a big isolated kitchen, huge living room and dining room and a courtyard. The kitchen is state-of-the-"	". A typical ""Haussmannian"" flat from late XIXth century, freshly renewed and refurbished with designer furnitures.  It can be rented as a whole: 6 rooms, 204m ², 2 bathrooms, 3 minutes away fom the Opera shopping centre - ""grands magasins"" (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps...) and 10 minutes away from Concorde Square and Champs Elysees. The area is the most central of Paris and is highly connected with metro, taxis and bus stations.   The flat is not overlooked and gives onto a quiet garden: Louis XVI square. The windows are double glazing.  It is perfect for a business trip, a family or 2 couples as it includes: 3 bedrooms, 2 toilets and 2 separate bathrooms. The flat is fully equiped, furbished and secure (with a caretaker around the clock). It is a unique occasion to discover a typical Parisian flattotally renewed: mouldings on the walls, old style parquet floor, a bright entrance hall, a big isolated kitchen, huge living room and dining room and a courtyard. The kitchen is state-of-th"
17110	17m² room + ensuite bathroom (4 m²)+balcony south (view on Montmartre and Tour Eiffel). The 19th century elegant apartment is built in typical Haussman style with ornate ceilings and parquetry floor.  The top floor apartment faces south and overlooks the boulevard with views to Sacre Coeur church and part of the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is located 60m from Villiers metro station which is on line 2 and 3 – which is only 4 stops to the Arc de Triomphe (Champs Elysées), 6 stations to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) or 4 stations to the Opera. . Around the corner Rue des Levis has a permanent market with stalls well away from the usual tourist route. Parc Monceau, one of the best known parks in Paris, is 400m further along the boulevard. Parking in this area can be a problem and somewhat expensive, but public parking is available within 200 metres. The rented room has a double bed, top standard, bought/installed in 2014.  Cupboard and hanging space is available, as well as a desk and shelves. 	14m² room + ensuite bathroom (3 m²). The 19th century elegant apartment is built in typical Haussman style with ornate ceilings and parquetry floor.  The top floor apartment faces south and overlooks the boulevard with views to Sacre Coeur church and part of the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is located 60m from Villiers metro station which is on line 2 and 3 – which is only 4 stops to the Arc de Triomphe (Champs Elysées), 6 stations to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) or 4 stations to the Opera. Around the corner Rue des Levis has a permanent market with stalls well away from the usual tourist route. Parc Monceau, one of the best known parks in Paris, is 400m further along the boulevard. Parking in this area can be a problem and somewhat expensive, but public parking is available within 200 metres. The rented room has a double bed, top standard, bought/installed in 2014.  Cupboard and hanging space is available, as well as a desk and shelves.  Guests will share the living room, balcony and kitch
17111	It is a 3 bedroom apartment for 5 people, 2 bathrooms and toilets. Sofa bed in the living area can welcome another guest so total, the apartment can accomodate 6 persons. The first bathroom is located in the entrance of the apartment, in between the two single bedded bedrooms. The first bedroom has 1 single bed, and is situated in the entrance of the apartment. The second bedroom has 2 single beds, and the last one, the master bedroom, adjacent to the living room, has a King size bed and its own private bathroom. The american style kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, vitroceramic, coffee machine, kettle, ustensile of kitchen. The diningroom contains a dining table for six, the living room has a comfortable sofa, and coffee table. Every room is equipped with TV, electric curtains, brand new beds. A large balcony overlooks the street and nice buildings around. You can enjoy a romantic diner for 2 outside (small table is waiting for you)	Wonderful apartment of 75 sqm ideal for 5 people, it can accomodate up to 6 persons with 3 separated bedrooms, 2 bathrooms with showers and toilets. Very well located, in the golden triangle, a few steps from Champs Elysées ! It is a 3 bedroom apartment for 5 people, 2 bathrooms and toilets. Sofa bed in the living area can welcome another guest so total, the apartment can accomodate 6 persons. The first bathroom is located in the entrance of the apartment, in between the two single bedded bedrooms. The first bedroom has 1 single bed, and is situated in the entrance of the apartment. The second bedroom has 2 single beds, and the last one, the master bedroom, adjacent to the living room, has a King size bed and its own private bathroom. The american style kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, vitroceramic, coffee machine, kettle, ustensile of kitchen. The diningroom contains a dining table for six, the living room has a comfortable sofa, and coffee table. E
17112	A very prestigious building. The Paris apartment is on the fifth and top floor with an elevator. It has a very beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower. A balcony runs along the outside of the apartment in Paris. Apartment to rent in Paris of 110 m2 with a large living / dining room. It is very well furnished with a table that can accommodate up to 8 guests. The main bedroom has a double bed. A charming bathroom with a shower is en suite. The second bedroom has two single beds which can be pushed together to form a double bed. A small bathroom is accessible from this bedroom. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped. This very pleasant Paris rental flat is located in a superb district just steps away from the Champs-Elysées) and is an excellent “pied-à-terre” from which to discover a wonderful city.	A few steps away from the Grand Palais and the Champs-Elysées, in this Paris vacation apartment rental you will enjoy the quality and the good lifestyle of one of the most prestigious neighbourhoods of the capital. A very prestigious building. The Paris apartment is on the fifth and top floor with an elevator. It has a very beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower. A balcony runs along the outside of the apartment in Paris. Apartment to rent in Paris of 110 m2 with a large living / dining room. It is very well furnished with a table that can accommodate up to 8 guests. The main bedroom has a double bed. A charming bathroom with a shower is en suite. The second bedroom has two single beds which can be pushed together to form a double bed. A small bathroom is accessible from this bedroom. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped. This very pleasant Paris rental flat is located in a superb district just steps away from the Champs-Elysées) and is an excellent “pied-à-terre” from which to disc
17113		Very nice appartement, well decorated, in Paris 8th. Close to Champs Elysées, Presidential Palace, avenue Montaigne, Grand Palais... In the most beautiful area in Paris : Grand Palais, Champs Elysées, Madeleine, Avenue Montaigne, Parc Monceau... Metro : Saint Philippe du Roule (1 minute walking)
17114	This charming and comfortable 48 square meters , 1 Bedroom, quiet apartment is located on avenue de Wagram in the 17th arrondissement, on the 1 st French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable with english channels, TV, unlimited very high speed fibre optic internet access (100 Meg/sec) with wifi access inside and outside the flat, 19th century decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : security code, intercom. The 15 square meters living room has 2 windows facing courtyard . It is equipped with : single sofa bed, TV, 2 armchairs, hard wood floor. The 19 square meters separated kitchen has 2 windows facing courtyard . It is equipped with : dining table for 6 people, fridge, Induction hob, extractor hood, oven, microwave, washer, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, built-in shelves, built-in wall c	This charming and comfortable 48 square meters , 1 Bedroom, quiet apartment is located on avenue de Wagram in the 17th arrondissement, on the 1 st French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable with english channels, TV, unlimited very high speed fibre optic internet access (100 Meg/sec) with wifi access inside and outside the flat, 19th century decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : security code, intercom. The 15 square meters living room has 2 windows facing courtyard . It is equipped with : single sofa bed, TV, 2 armchairs, hard wood floor. The 19 square meters separated kitchen has 2 windows facing courtyard . It is equipped with : dining table for 6 people, fridge, Induction hob, extractor hood, oven, microwave, washer, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, built-in shelves, built-in wall c
17115	Style Haussmannien Coeur de Paris Arc de Triomphe et Parc Monceau, proche des commerces avec une terrasse de 18m2 Stunning Flat, Haussmann and modern style in heart of Paris next to Parc Monceau and Arc de Triomphe, you will experiment the Parisian lifestyle! Everything in walking distance (luxurious shops, markets, monuments and parks). The added value is obviously the grand terrace 18 sqm to enjoy the lovely summer in Paris !	Grand 4 pièces de 90 m2 Haussmannien dont 2 grandes chambres, hauteur sous plafond et moulures, venez vivre l'expérience d'une parisienne !  Peut loger 5 personnes, idéal pour une famille situé au Parc Monceau et proche de l'Arc de Triomphe, à deux pas du métro. Charme absolue avec sa grande terrasse ! Style Haussmannien Coeur de Paris Arc de Triomphe et Parc Monceau, proche des commerces avec une terrasse de 18m2 Stunning Flat, Haussmann and modern style in heart of Paris next to Parc Monceau and Arc de Triomphe, you will experiment the Parisian lifestyle! Everything in walking distance (luxurious shops, markets, monuments and parks). The added value is obviously the grand terrace 18 sqm to enjoy the lovely summer in Paris !
17116	Chers membres Airbnb, Je vous propose un appartement spécieux et lumineux, donnant sur cour. A deux pas d'Opéra et des grands magasins, vous pourrez découvrir Paris à pieds et terminer par une journée shopping! Parfait pour les familles, couples, amis.. A très vite!	Typical Parisian apartment : 5rd floor, 55 m², traditional wood flooring, very convenient and well equiped, living/dining room, Open kitchen, 1 bathroom, 2 bedrooms 2 minutes away from Saint Lazare and Place de Clichy subway station     Chers membres Airbnb, Je vous propose un appartement spécieux et lumineux, donnant sur cour. A deux pas d'Opéra et des grands magasins, vous pourrez découvrir Paris à pieds et terminer par une journée shopping! Parfait pour les familles, couples, amis.. A très vite!
17117	Ideally located in the heart of Paris at the center of the most chic districts of the Capital. 2mn. walk to the most beautiful avenue in the world: the Champs-Elysées. Close to the finest delicatessen stores at Place de la Madeleine. Only 1mn. walk to the Presidential Palace and Rue du Faubourg St. Honoré with all its Haute Couture stores (Chanel) as well as the jewellers of the Place Vendôme (Cartier) and Galeries Lafayette. This very beautiful, elegant and peaceful apartment is tastefully decorated with 18th century furniture and will provide you a comfortable and restful stay in Paris. The building is well kept, has security-controlled access, and is located on the 3rd floor with an elevator. The apartment was completely refurbished in 2010 and is fully equipped and modernised with a brand new kitchen. A very comfortable queen-size bed and extra luxurious queen size sofa-bed. A complementary bottle of Champagne will be provided upon arrival. Your stay will be an unforgettable one! T	Ideally located in the heart of Paris at the center of the most chic districts of the Capital. 2mn. walk to the most beautiful avenue in the world: the Champs-Elysées.  Ideally located in the heart of Paris at the center of the most chic districts of the Capital. 2mn. walk to the most beautiful avenue in the world: the Champs-Elysées. Close to the finest delicatessen stores at Place de la Madeleine. Only 1mn. walk to the Presidential Palace and Rue du Faubourg St. Honoré with all its Haute Couture stores (Chanel) as well as the jewellers of the Place Vendôme (Cartier) and Galeries Lafayette. This very beautiful, elegant and peaceful apartment is tastefully decorated with 18th century furniture and will provide you a comfortable and restful stay in Paris. The building is well kept, has security-controlled access, and is located on the 3rd floor with an elevator. The apartment was completely refurbished in 2010 and is fully equipped and modernised with a brand new kitchen. A very comfort
17118	Very cosy Apartment vicinity   the famous Champs Élysées Avenue.  George 5.	Luxury apartment near the famous Champs élysées avenue. One living room, twoo Bedroom ,one Kitchen, à bathroom , a Parking . your welcome.
17119		Typical parisian flat with all comfort. jogging, shopping and visiting...every famous places 10' around: Monceau parc,les champs Elysées, les grands boulevards... you'll enjoy your stay in the best conditions in a large appartment: more or less 970 ft/2 There is a concierge. Large flat.
17120	This tiny and unique designed space is unique in the area , steps to the parc, amazing to relax , make a break, running of take the sun. The space has the possibility to have a metamorphosis as living or work place or both together.	Beautiful studio just meters of the celebre Parc Monceau. Designed for professionals as home -work space. Is very compact  and atypical equipped with high technology .  A hub in the glamorous and posh Monceau Area and Arc of Triumph.  This tiny and unique designed space is unique in the area , steps to the parc, amazing to relax , make a break, running of take the sun. The space has the possibility to have a metamorphosis as living or work place or both together. We love the historic buildings, a monument is a steps from the place and very green and calm. A lots exclusives art galleries, chic boutiques, restaurants and bars. There are a beautiful parisian organic markets  finest wines, cheeses , bakeries and boutiques Tubes Line 2 and 3 : Monceau and Malesherbes Buses 30, 31 and more
17121	Je vous présente ce magnifique appartement de prestige au coeur du 8 ème arrondissement de Paris, dans une belle rue résidentielle au calme, à mi-chemin entre le boulevard Haussmann (à 200 m) et le parc Monceau (à 250 m), au RDC d'un bel immeuble pierre de taille 1900 avec ascenseur. Il s'agit d'un magnifique 3 pièces de grand standing de 78 m2 en parfait état, entièrement meublé avec un superbe mobilier de grande classe de style classique. Il se compose d'un grand salon, d'une salle à manger, d'une chambre avec un lit double (1m60 x2m) et une télévision, d'une cuisine entièrement équipée avec électro-ménager de grandes marques (lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, cuisinière, four et micro-ondes), vaisselle et coutellerie complètes, d'une belle salle de bains entièrement moderne avec douche et baignoire, et de wc séparés.  L'appartement bénéficie de parquet, de moulures, d'une cheminée et d'un piano, de grands et nombreux placards, le tout sous une hauteur de plafond de 3,40 m. 	Un magnifique appartement , situé dans l'un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris entre le parc Monceau et l'avenue des Champs-Elysées. L'appartement a une décoration soignée et des meubles de qualité qui feront de votre séjour un moment inoubliable. Je vous présente ce magnifique appartement de prestige au coeur du 8 ème arrondissement de Paris, dans une belle rue résidentielle au calme, à mi-chemin entre le boulevard Haussmann (à 200 m) et le parc Monceau (à 250 m), au RDC d'un bel immeuble pierre de taille 1900 avec ascenseur. Il s'agit d'un magnifique 3 pièces de grand standing de 78 m2 en parfait état, entièrement meublé avec un superbe mobilier de grande classe de style classique. Il se compose d'un grand salon, d'une salle à manger, d'une chambre avec un lit double (1m60 x2m) et une télévision, d'une cuisine entièrement équipée avec électro-ménager de grandes marques (lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, cuisinière, four et micro-ondes), vaisselle et coutellerie complètes, d'u
17122		Cet appartement de type Haussmannien est situé dans un immeuble  bourgeois du 8e arrondissement, son cachet réside surtout dans ses pièces à plafond hauts et moulures, ainsi que son parquet et ses cheminées. La surface totale est de 100m² Les Stations de METRO les plus proches sont : Madeleine - Concorde - Miromesnil
17123	The 75 square-meter/800 sq foot apartment looks onto an inner courtyard, ensuring tranquility from noise and traffic.  This listing is for a private bedroom, which is separate and on the other side of the apartment.  It is perfect for 1 or 2 people, with its full-sized bed, clothes rack, bookshelves and desk. - Centrally located near Opera, Gare St Lazare, St Lazare - Printemps, Galleries Lafayette, are merely 3 blocks away - Champs Elysées a 10 minute walk - Wi-fi (fiber optics) connection in apartment - Velib bicycle station right downstairs - friendly, French-American host	Quiet, private bedroom to rent in wonderful building.  For 1 - 2 people.  Apartment has 12-foot ceilings and much light.   Friendly hosts.  2-night minimum stay.  The 75 square-meter/800 sq foot apartment looks onto an inner courtyard, ensuring tranquility from noise and traffic.  This listing is for a private bedroom, which is separate and on the other side of the apartment.  It is perfect for 1 or 2 people, with its full-sized bed, clothes rack, bookshelves and desk. - Centrally located near Opera, Gare St Lazare, St Lazare - Printemps, Galleries Lafayette, are merely 3 blocks away - Champs Elysées a 10 minute walk - Wi-fi (fiber optics) connection in apartment - Velib bicycle station right downstairs - friendly, French-American host Shared bathroom Bed linen, towels are provided As much or as little as you wish.    We speak English and will be glad to give (or not to give) you any recommendations you may seek about which sites to see, transportation & etc.  Gay-friendly.  An extreme
17124		Nice quiet sunny apartment in Paris Two blocs from metro & RER Charles de Gaulle Etoile. Airport (Charles de Gaulle & Orly) bus stop 2 blocs. Metro Ternes&Courcelles also 5 minutes walk. 1 bloc from Monceau park. Restaurants and markets. 
17125	Au 7ème étage d'un immeuble hausmannien, vous rentrerez dans un charmant 2-pièces typique de Paris !	In a hausmanian building, you will enter a typical Parisian 38m2 flat with one bedroom, accomodates and fitted-kitchen ! Located 5 minutes by walk from Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe, it will be the perfect place for your Paris discovery !
17126	Mon logement est idéalement placé dans le triangle d'or.  Immeuble luxe avec interphone, alarme dans l'appartement. Très confortable, totalement isolé du bruit (double vitrage, et mur très bien insonorisé, on n'entend jamais les voisins), vous n'entendrez pas les voisins et vous pourrez également vous déplacer dans l'appartement et mettre de la musique à toute heure.	Je loue mon superbe studio/ loft moderne.  Entièrement équipé vous ne manquerez de rien.  Vous serez idéalement placé dans le triangle d'or, à pied: - 30 sec de l'avenue George V - 1 min des Champs Elysées  - 5 min de l'avenue Montaigne      Mon logement est idéalement placé dans le triangle d'or.  Immeuble luxe avec interphone, alarme dans l'appartement. Très confortable, totalement isolé du bruit (double vitrage, et mur très bien insonorisé, on n'entend jamais les voisins), vous n'entendrez pas les voisins et vous pourrez également vous déplacer dans l'appartement et mettre de la musique à toute heure. badge pour rentrer dans l'immeuble, puis interphone ou badge, puis ascenseur, puis alarme à l'entrée de l'appartement par sms, appels, mails 24h/24 TRIANGLE D'OR: au coeur même des Champs Elysées, avenue George V, avenue Montaigne Quartier luxe et vivant - Metro George V ligne 1: 1 min - Metro Alma marceau ou Franklin D. Roosevelt ligne 9: 5 min - Metro Charle de Gaulles Etoile ligne 6
17127	3 rooms  in an extremely quiet courtyards, 4th floor. This apartment is furnished with simplicity. There are 2 bedrooms, one with a 160cm comfortable bed. You will find all the comforts for a pleasant visit to the capital (TV, WIFI, linens, dishes, Nespresso, iPod station, washing machine) The apartment is an ideal place for 2 to 6 people (depending the comfort your are looking for). The sofa is very comfortable and can welcome 2 people. Located at 2 minutes from Saint Lazare and metro, bus and RER station The place is 15 minutes walking from the Champs Elysées, and 10 minutes from  Madeleine We will welcome you to present the apartment.  In normal time, we live in this apartment. So do not be surprised to find some of our stuff (clothing) during your stay.	Flat located in the center of PARIS (15 min walking from Champ ELYSEE, 10 min from Madeleine). Closed from metro, train and bus station Fully equiped (washing machine, 2 bedrooms, Nespresso, TV, WIFI, Ipod station, dishes) Nice place (2-6 people) 3 rooms  in an extremely quiet courtyards, 4th floor. This apartment is furnished with simplicity. There are 2 bedrooms, one with a 160cm comfortable bed. You will find all the comforts for a pleasant visit to the capital (TV, WIFI, linens, dishes, Nespresso, iPod station, washing machine) The apartment is an ideal place for 2 to 6 people (depending the comfort your are looking for). The sofa is very comfortable and can welcome 2 people. Located at 2 minutes from Saint Lazare and metro, bus and RER station The place is 15 minutes walking from the Champs Elysées, and 10 minutes from  Madeleine We will welcome you to present the apartment.  In normal time, we live in this apartment. So do not be surprised to find some of our stuff (clothing) dur
17128		Spacious, 80sqm, immaculately clean and comfortable. Ensuite bathroom  with shower and tub. You will have exclusive access to the sitting room and dining room and shared access to the kitchen. An extra single bed can be added.
17129	Exceptional 170sqm 3-bedroom/2,5-bathroom apartment, cours Albert 1er, next to Pont de L'Alma, between the Champs Elysées and Eiffel Tower. In the outstanding Triangle d'Or (Golden triangle), the most prestigious area of the capital. The apartment recently refurbished, comes with modern equipment, offers large space and high ceiling. The apartment comes fully equipped, and each rooms has the air conditioning. Very large living room, with a dining table for up to 10 people. Very large and fully equipped kitchen. Nespresso machine, toaster, boiler, fridge, freezer, stove with hob, oven, micro wave, grill, dishwasher, washing machine (with integrated dryer). Master bedroom with king size bed and an ensuite bathroom.  Second bedroom with a double bed. Third bedroom with a single bed. The second bathroom, has a shower and toilet. One other separated toilet in the apartment. Outstanding - Haussmann-type - building from the 19th century.  4th floor with a small elevator (not big enough for 5 	Exceptional apartment in an exceptional area! This outstanding 170sqm - 3-bedrooms / 2 bathrooms / 2 toilets -  For up to 5 guests, is decorated with taste and style. Each room has air conditioning 4th floor with an elvator. Exceptional 170sqm 3-bedroom/2,5-bathroom apartment, cours Albert 1er, next to Pont de L'Alma, between the Champs Elysées and Eiffel Tower. In the outstanding Triangle d'Or (Golden triangle), the most prestigious area of the capital. The apartment recently refurbished, comes with modern equipment, offers large space and high ceiling. The apartment comes fully equipped, and each rooms has the air conditioning. Very large living room, with a dining table for up to 10 people. Very large and fully equipped kitchen. Nespresso machine, toaster, boiler, fridge, freezer, stove with hob, oven, micro wave, grill, dishwasher, washing machine (with integrated dryer). Master bedroom with king size bed and an ensuite bathroom.  Second bedroom with a double bed. Third bedroom wit
17130	great and pleasant place to stay for a perfect visit or business trip in Paris 	        A very beautiful apartment near Champs Elysées (5 mms walk) and Parc Monceau.  In the so nice corner of La Boetie and Artois. Very large and fully equipped with wi fi, all amenities and a great atmosphere, with its living rooms and bedrooms...        great and pleasant place to stay for a perfect visit or business trip in Paris 
17131	A large flat of 970ft² with two large bedrooms (25m²), a large living room and kitchen. It is ideal to discover Paris and enjoy a great space for relaxing.	Large flat of 970ft² for 4 people. With two big rooms + a big living room and a separate kitchen. Ideal to discover Paris and relaxing in a big space! In the heart of Paris, and really close to Galeries Lafayettes. A large flat of 970ft² with two large bedrooms (25m²), a large living room and kitchen. It is ideal to discover Paris and enjoy a great space for relaxing. Apartment fully equiped, feel free to use everything :   - washing machine + dish washer - oven + ceramic hob - Fridge + congelator I provide Internet with WIFI. In the heart of Paris, in the St Augustin area. The Grands Boulevards Haussmann and many shops are within minutes walk of the apartment. Ideal to visit Paris and enjoy shopping! The metro station St Augustin is 3 minutes walk from the apartment (line 9). St Lazare station is nearby with trains + Metro (line (phone number hidden))
17132	Immeuble de Standing.  Digicode, interphone, ascenseur. Appartement au 2eme étage très agréable et confortable. L'appartement est facile à vivre et très cosy. Equipements et rangements. Emplacement  idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Wi-Fi, Tv, cable, enceinte bose	Appartement de 70 m2 situé à 2 pas des Champs Elysées et de l'Arc de Triomphe. Belle pièce a vivre (salon+salle à manger), cuisine séparée, salle de bains avec baignoire, toil séparée. 1  Grande chambre très agréable.  Lit 160 cm Wi-Fi, Tv, Bose Immeuble de Standing.  Digicode, interphone, ascenseur. Appartement au 2eme étage très agréable et confortable. L'appartement est facile à vivre et très cosy. Equipements et rangements. Emplacement  idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Wi-Fi, Tv, cable, enceinte bose Conseils et adresses sur Paris . Présentation du quartier. Je répondrai a toutes vos questions Joignable par mail rapidement Le 17e est un quartier très agréable et très animé Proche des centres d'intérêts, musées, shopping.... A deux pas des Champs-Elysées et de ses boutiques... La rue Poncelet, et son marché parisiens très typique est à 2 min à pied. Accès métro et Rer et car aéroport à 100 mètres. Métro Charles de Gaulle Etoile ou Ternes Car Roissy Bus (phone number hidden)...
17133	The apartment is located in the heart of most beautiful market in Paris, between the Place des Ternes and avenue Niel, the “Marché Poncelet”. The flat is at a few meters of avenue des Ternes, where there is many shops, markets, restaurants, coffee, Beautiful district, only few steps of the famous “Arc de triomphe”. This apartment is located on the 2st floor of a building with a lift.  The access is secured with two door codes.  The bedroom windows are double-glazed. The apartment have a street view on the rue Poncelet.  The apartment is fully furnished with a double sofa bed, bathrooms, electrical plates, a microwave, coffee machine, a fridge etc..	Lovely apt fully furnished with all you need to feel like in your home. Located on the 2de floor of the building with a lift, the access is secured with two door codes. The apt have a street view with windows double-glazed on the popular rue Poncelet. The apartment is located in the heart of most beautiful market in Paris, between the Place des Ternes and avenue Niel, the “Marché Poncelet”. The flat is at a few meters of avenue des Ternes, where there is many shops, markets, restaurants, coffee, Beautiful district, only few steps of the famous “Arc de triomphe”. This apartment is located on the 2st floor of a building with a lift.  The access is secured with two door codes.  The bedroom windows are double-glazed. The apartment have a street view on the rue Poncelet.  The apartment is fully furnished with a double sofa bed, bathrooms, electrical plates, a microwave, coffee machine, a fridge etc..
17134		This apartment is at few steps from Champs Elysees! This beautiful modern apartment will make you feel in a real Parisian atmosphere.
17135		Flat with a bed of 2 places and a convertible sofa. It is on the 5th floor with elevator. You will have the studio for yourself, you will be able to use the equipments. Great localisation for tourism stay! De nombreux lieux touristiques à proximité : - Opéra Garnier (8 min à pied) - Champs Elysées (15 min à pied) - Galeries Lafayette HAUSSMAN ( 5 min à pied) - Parc Monceau (8min à pied) - Louvre / Concorde (15-20 min à pied) A proximité du métro Saint-Augustin ligne 9 (2 min à pied) Proximité de Saint-Lazare ligne (phone number hidden) E Vélib à 2 min à pied
17136	Appartment unique pour sa location. Situé rue de Berri, il est à mi chemin des Champs Elysées et de Saint Honorée. Au centre de tout, l'appartement est à proximité de supermarché, tabac, restaurant, bars, clubs, shoppings, galeries, banques, métro, bus. Tout est littéralement a moins de 5 min à pieds. L'appartement est donc exceptionnel également par son calme intérieur. La folie des Champs Elysées et de ses alentours est vite oublié une fois à l'intérieur. 	Wonderful Furnished and Decorated Appartement located on Champs Elysées. 
17137	This apartment is located in the 8th district in Paris, Place de la Madeleine close to the Champs Elysées, on the 5th floor with elevator and can accommodate 1-2 persons. Is  equipped with: washing machine, refrigerator and microwave, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, iron and ironing board. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. Storage. very quiet. Code and intercom at the entrance of the building. 	This charming furnished and equipped apartment in the heart of Paris is typical. It sleeps 2 people and is centrally located in a quiet street, 2 steps from the famous Champs Elysees. Enjoy the comfort, its kitchen and its proximity to the metro. This apartment is located in the 8th district in Paris, Place de la Madeleine close to the Champs Elysées, on the 5th floor with elevator and can accommodate 1-2 persons. Is  equipped with: washing machine, refrigerator and microwave, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, iron and ironing board. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. Storage. very quiet. Code and intercom at the entrance of the building. You have access to all of my apartment so when you arrived I give you the key with all things good to know about it I am available at any time if you need something and contactable on what's app. The area is very nice, very touristy: you are 5 mn from the concord an
17138		A 5 minutes des Champs Elysées, de Montmartre, des Grands magasins et du Marché Levis ce ravissant studio au calme dans un beau jardin avec wc séparés et salle de bains avec baignoire, vous permettra de profiter pleinement de votre séjour.
17139		Welcome travellers ! I'm glad to present you my flat that is composed by 2 rooms ( 1 separeted bedroom), perfect for a couple and ideally located : 3 minutes walk from Saint Lazare, 10 minutes walk from Opera,
17140	It has two bedrooms & two bathrooms, with spacious reception rooms and all the prestige of the Parisian Haussmann style. On 3rd floor via lift or stairs. Living room with decorative fire place, beautiful original features and mirrors, glass doors and parquet floors. Large open lounge/dining area for 8, including  a French balcony. Two separate bedrooms and bathrooms (shower and bathtub). Large closet space in both bedrooms. Cable TV and WIFI. Tastefully decorated and elegant apartment in a residential area.	105m2 apartment completely refreshed in autumn 2014. 2 bedrooms & 2 bathrooms, with spacious reception rooms and all the prestige of the Parisian Haussmann style. On 3rd floor via lift or stairs. Wifi in whole apartment. Located in chic part of Paris It has two bedrooms & two bathrooms, with spacious reception rooms and all the prestige of the Parisian Haussmann style. On 3rd floor via lift or stairs. Living room with decorative fire place, beautiful original features and mirrors, glass doors and parquet floors. Large open lounge/dining area for 8, including  a French balcony. Two separate bedrooms and bathrooms (shower and bathtub). Large closet space in both bedrooms. Cable TV and WIFI. Tastefully decorated and elegant apartment in a residential area. Safe and central Paris, located in the elegant 8th district of Paris, in the same area as the famous Champs Elysees, Arc de Triomphe and Elysees Palace. A short walk to famous shopping area of Blvd Haussman where the Paris department st
17141	This is a high class building. The flat is situated on the 2nd floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and overlooks a very peaceful courtyard. With its large rooms overlooking the courtyard, this apartment offers quietness and comfort. It is also bathed with light. The entrance opens onto a corridor that lead to the different rooms, beginning with 2 bedrooms and one has a 160 cm double bed and the other one has two 90 cm singles beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed and a wardrobe. Then the corridor leads to an open living room - kitchen. It has a very beautiful dining glass-table, a 140 cm sofa bed and a flat screen TV. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, a combined refrigerator-freezer, hot plates and a microwave.  Lastly, there is the bathroom furnished with a shower tub and the toilets. Two built-in closets complete the layout of the corridor, the first is a wardrobe and the other is for the washing machine.	This wonderful apartment can accommodate up to six people and provides an ideal location, near the famous Champs-Elysées. Tastefully decorated, this apartment is like a haven of peace and tranquility. This is a high class building. The flat is situated on the 2nd floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and overlooks a very peaceful courtyard. With its large rooms overlooking the courtyard, this apartment offers quietness and comfort. It is also bathed with light. The entrance opens onto a corridor that lead to the different rooms, beginning with 2 bedrooms and one has a 160 cm double bed and the other one has two 90 cm singles beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed and a wardrobe. Then the corridor leads to an open living room - kitchen. It has a very beautiful dining glass-table, a 140 cm sofa bed and a flat screen TV. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, a combined refrigerator-freezer, hot plates and a microwave.  Lastly, there is the bathroom furnished with 
17142		White simple clean wooden floor 2/3 rooms appartment. queen size bed, all furnished.
17143	 Pretty studio, ideal for a couple discovering Paris. It is close to the Grands Magasins and the Opera, and next to the Metro Saint Lazare.  The 9th district is one of the trendiest areas in Paris, very french with many bistros, restaurants and bars!!!  You'll be 15 minutes away from Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur, the Canal Saint Martin and Pigalle.  You'll have everything you need nearby: the subway, bus statiosn, taxis, bikes (Vélib), shops and convenience stores, parks..  The place is entirely furnished with a comfortable bed in the room, a bathroom. You'll be able to have your own French meals thanks to a fully equipped kitchen!  Come and live Paris like a local! 	 Pretty studio, ideal for a couple discovering Paris. It is close to the Grands Magasins and the Opera, and next to the Metro Saint Lazare.  The 9th district is one of the trendiest areas in Paris, very french with many bistros, restaurants and bars!!!  You'll be 15 minutes away from Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur, the Canal Saint Martin and Pigalle.  You'll have everything you need nearby: the subway, bus statiosn, taxis, bikes (Vélib), shops and convenience stores, parks..  The place is entirely furnished with a comfortable bed in the room, a bathroom. You'll be able to have your own French meals thanks to a fully equipped kitchen!  Come and live Paris like a local! 
17144	Charming little room on the 6th floor of a prestigious building under the roof of Paris Designed by architect 18sqm - Totally renewed Shower - little bathroom King size bed View on the eiffel tower No elevator 8th arrondissement - Quartier Europe Close to the Galeries Lafayette, Opera, Batignolles and the Champs Elysees Cozy little paris typical room in a nice neighborhood 	Charming little room on the 6th floor of a prestigious building under the roof of Paris Designed by architect 18sqm - Totally renewed Shower - little bathroom King size bed View on the eiffel tower No elevator 8th arrondissement - Quartier Europe Close to the Galeries Lafayette, Opera, Batignolles and the Champs Elysees Cozy little paris typical room in a nice neighborhood 
17145	Cet appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il est doté d'une cuisine américaine toute équipée, d'une salle de bains avec machine à laver/sèche linge (utilisation à volonté), et d'une chambre avec lit 2 places et rangements pour vos affaires. Le salon de type moderne est très convivial et lumineux, en restant calme (idéal pour se reposer après une journée de visites!).	Deux pièces de 45m² (dont un grand salon), situé à proximité immédiate des zones touristiques majeures, et idéalement desservi par les transports en commun (St Lazare et Opéra à moins de 5 min.). Appartement calme et équipé avec tout le confort. Cet appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il est doté d'une cuisine américaine toute équipée, d'une salle de bains avec machine à laver/sèche linge (utilisation à volonté), et d'une chambre avec lit 2 places et rangements pour vos affaires. Le salon de type moderne est très convivial et lumineux, en restant calme (idéal pour se reposer après une journée de visites!). Tout dans l'appartement est en accès libre, je ne serai pas présent lors de la location, vous faîtes donc comme chez vous ! Je me chargerai de votre accueil à votre arrivée, avec si besoin une explication des sites à proximité, des commerces alentours, et du fonctionnement général de l'appartement. Par ailleurs, je serai joignable par téléphone si besoin. L'appartement est situé
17146		Centrally located, well equipped and clean two room appartement (30m2). Ideal for a couple, two single beds, kitchenette, wifi and tv. Very calm, the appartement is located on the 3rd floor overlooking the interior court. Lift. The appartement is nearby supermarkets, boulangeries, restaurants, cafes, theaters and cinemas, and much more. Our appartement is next to Place de Clichy, where you can find many buses and metros in any direction.
17147	Vue exceptionnelle sur la tour eiffel.  	Charmant 3 pièces situé dans un quartier calme et sécurisé, à 5 minutes à pied des champs élysées et 10 minutes du parc monceau.  Vue exceptionnelle sur la tour eiffel.  Appartemment lumineux et très calme, donnant sur une cour intérieure.  2 chambres avec 2 lits doubles, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et une pièce à vivre avec cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon.  Métro Miromesnil au pied de l'immeuble (Lignes 9 et 13).  A noter : 7ème étage sans ascenceur. Vue exceptionnelle sur la tour eiffel.  Métro Miromesnil au pied de l'immeuble (lignes 9 et 13) A noter : 7ème étage sans ascenceur
17148	jolie petit appartement situé a deux pas des champs elysees une rue animée et plein de boutique  et de nombreux restaurant.	jolie petit appartement de deux pièces situé en plein mileu de paris une rue a coté des champs elysées. un grand lit et un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 4personnes cuisine entièrement équipé cable internet haut debit etc. jolie petit appartement situé a deux pas des champs elysees une rue animée et plein de boutique  et de nombreux restaurant. metro a deux min hesitez pas a me poser des questions c'est avec plaisir que je vous repondrais. paris 8eme sur les champs elysees l'avenue la plus belle au monde et vous etes a deux pas!
17149	Very large appartment (200 m2), duplex at the two uppers level of a stone building, bright, 2 small terrace on the south, with view on Paris sky and Eiffel tower. Parental suite, separated from children bedrooms. Luxious Haussmannian style, with modern kitchen. 4 bathrooms.	Typical Haussmannian appartment, 7 rooms, 210 m2,  2 small terrace, at the two upper levels of a stone building. Very close to the romantic Parc Monceau,  in the prestigious 8th arrondissement of Paris. Ideal for family until 4 children.   Very large appartment (200 m2), duplex at the two uppers level of a stone building, bright, 2 small terrace on the south, with view on Paris sky and Eiffel tower. Parental suite, separated from children bedrooms. Luxious Haussmannian style, with modern kitchen. 4 bathrooms. Wifi, tv, audio systems I will not be present but I will appreciate communicate by email or phone to help the guests set up easily. Very close to romantic Parc Monceau. Many shops around for everyday life. Metro, bus. No parking
17150	This 120 square meter penthouse apartment is remarkably modern, roomy, and peaceful. The property has 3 bedrooms and 2 1/2bathrooms. The two bedrooms have queen-sized beds, and there is also a bonus room with a full bed and en suite bathroom.  The apartment was recently fully refurnished, so its interior is modern and comfortable. It's also incredibly luminous and airy. A terrace off of the open living room looks out over the Sacre Coeur Basillica. It is situated on the 7th floor and the building has large, well-functioning elevators: this is another rarity in Paris! One of the most famous gardens in Paris, the Parc Monceau, is just a few blocks away. It's also just around the corner from the Avenue des Champs Elysées and the Rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, famous for their prestigious designer shops. The Presidential Palace and the Arc de Triomphe are only a 5 minute walk away.  	Spacious, quiet, and comfortable, this renovated 3-bedroom apartment is perfect for a large group. With a terrace, elevator access, and air-conditioning, it comes with all modern comforts. Hotel-quality linens, towels are also provided.  This 120 square meter penthouse apartment is remarkably modern, roomy, and peaceful. The property has 3 bedrooms and 2 1/2bathrooms. The two bedrooms have queen-sized beds, and there is also a bonus room with a full bed and en suite bathroom.  The apartment was recently fully refurnished, so its interior is modern and comfortable. It's also incredibly luminous and airy. A terrace off of the open living room looks out over the Sacre Coeur Basillica. It is situated on the 7th floor and the building has large, well-functioning elevators: this is another rarity in Paris! One of the most famous gardens in Paris, the Parc Monceau, is just a few blocks away. It's also just around the corner from the Avenue des Champs Elysées and the Rue du Faubourg Saint Hono
17151	"Our home is a 166 sq meter (1780 sq feet) flat  two minutes away from the Avenue des Champs Elysées. On the 4th floor of an ""Haussmann"" building with elevator (typical of the great parisian architecture), this flat is luminous et very confortable. Completely renovated in summer 2011, It has original wall, ceiling moldings and parquet floors . Kindly note that the apartment is for a maximum of 6 people only, no extras permitted. "	"Our home is a 166 sq meter (1780 sq feet) flat  two minutes away from the Avenue des Champs Elysées. On the 4th floor of an ""Haussmann"" building with elevator (typical of the great parisian architecture), this flat is luminous et very confortable. Our home is a 166 sq meter (1780 sq feet) flat  two minutes away from the Avenue des Champs Elysées. On the 4th floor of an ""Haussmann"" building with elevator (typical of the great parisian architecture), this flat is luminous et very confortable. Completely renovated in summer 2011, It has original wall, ceiling moldings and parquet floors . Kindly note that the apartment is for a maximum of 6 people only, no extras permitted.  Composed of :  3 bedrooms: 1 master bedroom with king size bed, private bathroom and TV - 1 bedroom with queen size bed -1 bedroom with convertible sofa. 3 bathrooms: 1 with bathtub in the master bedroom - 1 with bathtub in the small corridor - 1 with shower in the large corridor. A large living room / dining room (48"
17152	Vous cherchez un appartement pour découvrir Paris (en famille ou entre amis) ; il vous attend déjà… Cet appartement, comporte un grand salon avec équipement multimédia, pour se retrouver tous ensemble; un second salon, plus petit,  vous permettra de vous prélasser. Une salle à manger (table pour 8 personnes) ainsi qu’une grande cuisine entièrement aménagée complète la première pièce vivante de l’appartement. Les grandes baies vitrées situées dans chacune des pièces, agrémente en lumière ce cadre moderne et contemporain. Vous pourrez vous y reposer, préparer votre séjour, échanger avec vos amis, votre famille…et profiter d’un cadre reposant et accueillant. Dans une seconde partie, vous y trouverez 3 chambres indépendantes, idéalement placées avec vue sur une cour intérieure. Chaque chambre est équipée d’un lit double,elles sont agrémentées de nombreux rangements. Il y a également deux salles de bain avec douche (dont une avec baignoire dans la salle de bain de la chambre principale). Ce	Vous cherchez un appartement pour découvrir Paris (en famille ou entre amis) ; il vous attend déjà… Cet appartement, comporte un grand salon avec équipement multimédia, pour se retrouver tous ensemble; un second salon, plus petit,  vous permettra de vous prélasser. Une salle à manger (table pour 8 personnes) ainsi qu’une grande cuisine entièrement aménagée complète la première pièce vivante de l’appartement. Les grandes baies vitrées situées dans chacune des pièces, agrémente en lumière ce cadre moderne et contemporain. Vous pourrez vous y reposer, préparer votre séjour, échanger avec vos amis, votre famille…et profiter d’un cadre reposant et accueillant. Dans une seconde partie, vous y trouverez 3 chambres indépendantes, idéalement placées avec vue sur une cour intérieure. Chaque chambre est équipée d’un lit double,elles sont agrémentées de nombreux rangements. Il y a également deux salles de bain avec douche (dont une avec baignoire dans la salle de bain de la chambre principale). Ce
17153	Il est au coeur de paris . Tout le monde peut y trouver son bonheur . Boites de nuit a proximité pour les jeunes monuments magasin restaurant supermarchés pour les touristes voulant profiter de la richesse du quartier . De plus il est a 30 seconde a pieds de la plus belle avenue du monde les champs élysées et sa célèbre enseigne séphora .	Appartement moderne comprenant 2 pièces non séparés une chambre avec lit et un salon avec deux canapés lit , une cuisine séparé et une salle de bain avec baignoire séparé aussi . A la sortie de l immeuble il vous suffira de longer la galerie claridge  pour vous retrouver sur les champselysees . Il est au coeur de paris . Tout le monde peut y trouver son bonheur . Boites de nuit a proximité pour les jeunes monuments magasin restaurant supermarchés pour les touristes voulant profiter de la richesse du quartier . De plus il est a 30 seconde a pieds de la plus belle avenue du monde les champs élysées et sa célèbre enseigne séphora .
17154		Charming 42m2 flat just near  Parc Monceau, Arc de Triomphe, Montmartre.The flat has one bedroom and one bathroom separate.  Deux pièces idéalement situé entre l'Arc de Triomphe et Montmartre.  Au pied du Parc Monceau et de la charmante rue de Levis. Métro Villiers Métro Villiers  Bus Vélib
17155	Haussmanien contemporary loft apartment in the 8 arrondissement   I m a fashion designer living in New York, my cousin René will welcome you in Paris show you the neighborhood and will be at your service for any special request The appart is located in the 8 arrondissement in the heart of Paris. Walking distance from faubourg St Honore, parc Monceau, and champs Élysées. The apartment is in a lively area with bakeries, hair dresser, covered market, restaurants and bar ,however the apartment is very quiet. On the 5 floor of an Haussmanien building with elevator and concierge,you will enjoy an open view on Paris roof tops from for 4 balconies ( all rooms have balconies!). The apart is extremely bright with double windows in each room and sunny. Walls are white with molding and high ceiling, there is 3 marble fire place and wood floor. The apart is furnished with contemporary designer pieces and an open boffi kitchen. Apart lay out: 140 m2 or 1500sf 	Dans un des plus beau quartier de Paris, à deux pas du parc Monceau, idéalement situé entre les Champs Elysées, les Grands Magasins, Opéra et Montmartre. Haussmanien contemporary loft apartment in the 8 arrondissement   I m a fashion designer living in New York, my cousin René will welcome you in Paris show you the neighborhood and will be at your service for any special request The appart is located in the 8 arrondissement in the heart of Paris. Walking distance from faubourg St Honore, parc Monceau, and champs Élysées. The apartment is in a lively area with bakeries, hair dresser, covered market, restaurants and bar ,however the apartment is very quiet. On the 5 floor of an Haussmanien building with elevator and concierge,you will enjoy an open view on Paris roof tops from for 4 balconies ( all rooms have balconies!). The apart is extremely bright with double windows in each room and sunny. Walls are white with molding and high ceiling, there is 3 marble fire place and wood floor. Th
17156	This flat accomodate up to 4persons,but ideal for couples or families.The modern kitchen  in black and white marble is fully equipped with all domestic appliances .The bathroom in white marble is spacious.There is a comphortable place for dinner with the candles or rest on the large tarrace on the garden .There is a place to make your stay enjoyable like home.	An elegant apartment located in the heart of prestigious parisian neighborhood,5min walk to Grand Palais with the famous Art exibitions,Louvre,Eiffel Tower and many restaurants,spectacles and  shops.Bateaux Mouches just next to home. This flat accomodate up to 4persons,but ideal for couples or families.The modern kitchen  in black and white marble is fully equipped with all domestic appliances .The bathroom in white marble is spacious.There is a comphortable place for dinner with the candles or rest on the large tarrace on the garden .There is a place to make your stay enjoyable like home. Transportation is very convienient as the métro Franklin Roosevelt,Champs-Elysées Clemenceau,Alma Marceau,also Taxi station and bicycle
17157	The apartment takes up the entire 3rd floor of a grand, historic building right on the bank of the Seine. From its windows and the large balcony you have an unobstructed view across the river to the Place St Michel into the heart of the Latin Quarter. Many of the main historic and cultural sites and monuments are close by: the Palais de Justice and the Conciergerie are just around the corner, the Louvre and the theatres at Chatelet are only a short walk away and the vibrant Left Bank area is right across the bridge outside the front door. Metro and RER stations are a block away. Access to the apartment is controlled by secure coded entry to the internal courtyard. The historic hallway leads to a brand-new elevator and a separate stairway. Four tall double-glazed French window doors at the front of the building open onto a narrow balcony that extends the full-width of the front windows. The view is to the South directly over the Seine and the St Michel bridge, with barges and tourist bo	Located on the Ile de la Cite, only a few steps from the Notre Dame Cathedral and the Sainte Chapelle, this large (1,600 sq.ft.) and elegant three bedroom, three bathroom apartment overlooks the Seine and the Pont St. Michel. This really is the very The apartment takes up the entire 3rd floor of a grand, historic building right on the bank of the Seine. From its windows and the large balcony you have an unobstructed view across the river to the Place St Michel into the heart of the Latin Quarter. Many of the main historic and cultural sites and monuments are close by: the Palais de Justice and the Conciergerie are just around the corner, the Louvre and the theatres at Chatelet are only a short walk away and the vibrant Left Bank area is right across the bridge outside the front door. Metro and RER stations are a block away. Access to the apartment is controlled by secure coded entry to the internal courtyard. The historic hallway leads to a brand-new elevator and a separate stairway. F
17158	"L’appartement dispose de 2 chambres (1 chambre avec lit de 160, une autre chambre avec un canapé lit de 140) salle de bain avec douche à l’italienne, cuisine équipée avec TV. Draps, serviettes et produits de première nécessité (café, thé, huile, vinaigre….) sont à votre disposition. L’appartement est proche du quartier du ""marché de Lévis"" avec son marché traditionnel quotidien. Rue calme dans quartier animé : bistrots parisiens, brasseries, commerces…"	"Situé entre le 17ème et le 8ème arrondissement de Paris,  proche du parc Monceau et la rue de Levis, cet appartement de charme est au 2ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien avec balcon, ascenseur, sécurisé (codes et vigik) et ensoleillé. L’appartement dispose de 2 chambres (1 chambre avec lit de 160, une autre chambre avec un canapé lit de 140) salle de bain avec douche à l’italienne, cuisine équipée avec TV. Draps, serviettes et produits de première nécessité (café, thé, huile, vinaigre….) sont à votre disposition. L’appartement est proche du quartier du ""marché de Lévis"" avec son marché traditionnel quotidien. Rue calme dans quartier animé : bistrots parisiens, brasseries, commerces… Check-in à l'appartement. J'accueille personnellement les voyageurs et suis toujours à leur écoute. Printemps et Galeries Lafayette Haussmann, Parc Monceau à 5 minutes à pied. Opéra à 15 minutes à pied. Idéalement situé au centre de Paris : à 5mn de marche de la rue de Lévis avec son marché traditionnel q"
17159	Comfortable, spacious, cosy and tastefully decorated appartment in a very nice neighborhood in Paris, in a typical 19th century haussmanian building.  Located on the 2nd floor of a 2012 renovated building, this apartment has been completely renovated within the same year and offers : - A large living / dining room with 3 large windowsand a balcony overlooking the street. Dining table for 10, a fireplace, sofa bed for 2 persons - An open, modern and fully equiped american kitchen (oven, microwave, Nespresso, toaster, juicer, 4 hot plates, kettle ...), bar with 4 stools - A bedroom with double bed 160 cm (high quality) with dressing and TV - A bathroom (with shower) communicating with the bedroom - Separate toilet - Oak parquet floor - Air Conditioning, Heating - Washing machine, dryer - Music player - Television - Free High speed Wi-fi - Hair Dryer - Bed linen and bath towels provided - Shampoo and shower gel provided - Iron and ironing table provided	Comfortable, cosy and spacious 2012 renovated Haussman appmt (57m2) in a quiet street of trendy 8th arr. in Paris.Modern kitchen opened on an american bar. Nicely decorated and equiped. Close to Paris center (metro n°2 and 3). Comfortable, spacious, cosy and tastefully decorated appartment in a very nice neighborhood in Paris, in a typical 19th century haussmanian building.  Located on the 2nd floor of a 2012 renovated building, this apartment has been completely renovated within the same year and offers : - A large living / dining room with 3 large windowsand a balcony overlooking the street. Dining table for 10, a fireplace, sofa bed for 2 persons - An open, modern and fully equiped american kitchen (oven, microwave, Nespresso, toaster, juicer, 4 hot plates, kettle ...), bar with 4 stools - A bedroom with double bed 160 cm (high quality) with dressing and TV - A bathroom (with shower) communicating with the bedroom - Separate toilet - Oak parquet floor - Air Conditioning, Heating - W
17160		The flat h
17161	On the second floor of a typical building of Paris, with lift, the apartment has a great living-room with two sofas, an open kitchen, a dining table and a desk. One sofa is turning to a sofa bed for 2 persons. the kitchen is all equipped with a dish washer, fridge, oven, micro-wave, coffee machine, toaster, etc... the bedroom has a large bed for two persons and many closets. The bathroom has a shower.	Located in the heart of the 8th district of Paris, in a typical building on the 2nd floor with lift, nice apartment with a large living-room and a cosy bedroom. Available for 4 persons. Close to many touristic attraction. Perfect for a short stay. On the second floor of a typical building of Paris, with lift, the apartment has a great living-room with two sofas, an open kitchen, a dining table and a desk. One sofa is turning to a sofa bed for 2 persons. the kitchen is all equipped with a dish washer, fridge, oven, micro-wave, coffee machine, toaster, etc... the bedroom has a large bed for two persons and many closets. The bathroom has a shower. All is available in the apartment : television, internet wifi, kitchen, bed-linen, bath towels, etc... I will welcome you myself at the apartment Between the Saint Augustin church, and the famous Place de la Madeleine, the apartment is two minutes away from the department store Galeries Lafayette or the Champs Elysees avenue. Many metro are clos
17162	This is a high class building. The apartment is situated on the 1st floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and overlooks the street. This apartment gathers all the qualities of luxury: space, comfort, elegance and simplicity. The flat opens onto the beautiful living room but also the open plan kitchen with its wooden floors, the molding and 3 large windows. The room is highlighted thanks to a modern and discreet decoration and layout. The living has a sofa, a flat screen TV, a large built-in closet. The kitchen is fully equipped with top range facilities (including a freezer), but also equipped an elegant bar where you can have your meals. The bedrooms are situated one each side of the living room. They both have double beds, a 140 cm and a 160 cm, a closet and a bathroom. Each bathroom has toilets, the first is equipped with a shower tub and the second has a bathtub.	This luxurious apartment is located near the famous avenue des Champs-Elysées. Fully-equipped and functional, it is also tastefully and carefully decorated. This apartment transmits a warm and convivial atmosphere. This is a high class building. The apartment is situated on the 1st floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and overlooks the street. This apartment gathers all the qualities of luxury: space, comfort, elegance and simplicity. The flat opens onto the beautiful living room but also the open plan kitchen with its wooden floors, the molding and 3 large windows. The room is highlighted thanks to a modern and discreet decoration and layout. The living has a sofa, a flat screen TV, a large built-in closet. The kitchen is fully equipped with top range facilities (including a freezer), but also equipped an elegant bar where you can have your meals. The bedrooms are situated one each side of the living room. They both have double beds, a 140 cm and a 160 cm, a closet and a bathro
17163	Grand appartement de 90m² dans un immeuble ancien, situé dans le 8eme arrondissement de Paris. Il est composé de 2 chambres avec 1 lit double, 1 lit superposé et un lit bébé (Possibilité d'un canapé lit 120cm) ,une salle de bain avec toilettes et une baignoire, un salon de 25m2 avec une television ecran plat, une salle à manger (10 personnes) et une cuisine entièrement équipée. Very confortable apartment in a nice part of Paris. You can go on foot everywhere Opera, Louvre, PArc Monceau, Gallery Lafayette. The Apartment is bright, clean and very friendly with all Equipment.	Grand appartement de 90m² situé dans le 8eme arrondissement de Paris. Quartier résidentiel calme, proche des grands magasins et du parc Monceau. Idéal pour famille avec enfants. Grand appartement de 90m² dans un immeuble ancien, situé dans le 8eme arrondissement de Paris. Il est composé de 2 chambres avec 1 lit double, 1 lit superposé et un lit bébé (Possibilité d'un canapé lit 120cm) ,une salle de bain avec toilettes et une baignoire, un salon de 25m2 avec une television ecran plat, une salle à manger (10 personnes) et une cuisine entièrement équipée. Very confortable apartment in a nice part of Paris. You can go on foot everywhere Opera, Louvre, PArc Monceau, Gallery Lafayette. The Apartment is bright, clean and very friendly with all Equipment. Les voyageurs ont accès au logement entier. Francais - Anglais Quartier résidentiel très vivant, proche du marché de la rue de Lévis et du parc Monceau (5 mns). 10 mns à pied Galerie Lafayette 15 mns en métro des champs Elysées Neighborhood i
17164	 Location: Paris Arrondissement 8, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe (Metro Line 1, La Defense, Metro Stop George V) View map Accommodations:  Apartment, 1 Bedroom 55M2, 1 Bath (Sleeps 2-4) This quiet, spacious, and stylish one bedroom apartment consists of 50m2 located on the 4th floor with elevator/lift of a classic, French building on Rue De Ponthieu, Paris 75008. The apartment is fully furnished with top-quality queen size bed (160 x 200 cm), a roll a bed and and sofa bed in the living room. The living room and bedroom are spacious and artfully decorated while retaining the original charm and character. The living room has beautiful refinished hardwood floors and hosts a Stereo CD System, LCD TV, DVD, and Cable. Telephone calls to USA and Canada are free of charge. DSL WIFI High Speed wireless is setup for internet use. The dining table accommodates 4 persons. The kitchen is fully equipped with a refrigerator, freezer, microwave, 4 element stove, toaster, coffee/tea	 Location: Paris Arrondissement 8, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe (Metro Line 1, La Defense, Metro Stop George V) View map Accommodations:  Apartment, 1 Bedroom 55M2, 1 Bath (Sleeps 2-4) This quiet, spacious, and stylish one bedroom apartment consists of 50m2 located on the 4th floor with elevator/lift of a classic, French building on Rue De Ponthieu, Paris 75008. The apartment is fully furnished with top-quality queen size bed (160 x 200 cm), a roll a bed and and sofa bed in the living room. The living room and bedroom are spacious and artfully decorated while retaining the original charm and character. The living room has beautiful refinished hardwood floors and hosts a Stereo CD System, LCD TV, DVD, and Cable. Telephone calls to USA and Canada are free of charge. DSL WIFI High Speed wireless is setup for internet use. The dining table accommodates 4 persons. The kitchen is fully equipped with a refrigerator, freezer, microwave, 4 element stove, toaster, coffee/tea
17165		I suggest sharing my apartment furnished 75 m ², in very good state (ideal for couple or individual travelers). Close to any convenience (In 2 steps of the restaurants, the great market, nightclub and Champs-Elysées). The secure residence: - With guard  - With intercom  I am a discreet 30-year-old young man and I work all day long until 00:00pm then you would be totally independent as at your home! I have provides you with all the apartment except for my room.
17166	studio tout équipé cooconing de 15m2  au 5 étage avec ascenseur d 'un immeuble haussmanien a 100 metre de l'avenue des champs élysées dans le triangle d'or de Paris studio équipé d'un canapé cuir convertible avec véritable matelas de 140 tout confort. cuisine équipe, machine senseo, bouilloire, grille pain,micro onde. cabine douche et évier de sdb. deux toilettes a disposition sur le palier. wifi au haut débit a disposition. draps et serviettes de toilettes compris. 	studio tout équipé cooconing de 15m2  au 5 étage avec ascenseur d 'un immeuble haussmanien a 100 metre de l'avenue des champs élysées dans le triangle d'or de Paris studio équipé d'un canapé cuir convertible avec véritable matelas de 140 tout confort. cuisine équipe, machine senseo, bouilloire, grille pain,micro onde. cabine douche et évier de sdb. deux toilettes a disposition sur le palier. wifi au haut débit a disposition. draps et serviettes de toilettes compris.  wifi situé dans le triangle d or de paris a tout juste de 100 metre de l avenue des champs élysées acces avec le metro saint philipe du roule ou frlankin roosevelt ou par le RER champs élysees le studio est situé dans un immeuble sécurisé avec une gardienne très gentille et serviable. 
17167	NEXT TO CHAMPS-ELYSÉES, LUXURY APARTMENT 4 BR, HAUSMANIAN BUILDING, 180 m² (2000 SF) 4 bedrooms located in the most central and prestigious area of Paris !  Metro Station : Charles de Gaulle-Etoile, Ternes. Air France Bus : 5 mn walk.  Very large living-room, 4 bedrooms (1 master-bedroom with queen-bed (180x200 cm) en suite with modern bathroom , 1 bedroom with 1 bed (160x200 cm or 2x80 for children) and 2 bedrooms with singles beds (90x190 cm) + 1 bathroom + 2 wc. All with High Quality mattresses.  A modern American style chefs kitchen with bar.  Parisian style, original hardwood floors, high ceilings. Towels and linens are provided for our guests.  MAKE YOUR STAY IN PARIS AN UNFORGETTABLE STAY.  Minimum stay : 7 nights from saturday to saturday. Walking distance to one of the most beautiful parks in Paris : Parc Monceau, quick walk to all major landmarks like Arc de Triomphe, Champs-Elysées, Eiffel tower, Trocadéro, Place de la Concorde, next to all major movie theatres and in the mi	NEXT TO CHAMPS-ELYSÉES, LUXURY APARTMENT 4 BR, HAUSMANIAN BUILDING, 180 m² (2000 SF), 4 bedrooms located in the most central and prestigious area of Paris !  NEXT TO CHAMPS-ELYSÉES, LUXURY APARTMENT 4 BR, HAUSMANIAN BUILDING, 180 m² (2000 SF) 4 bedrooms located in the most central and prestigious area of Paris !  Metro Station : Charles de Gaulle-Etoile, Ternes. Air France Bus : 5 mn walk.  Very large living-room, 4 bedrooms (1 master-bedroom with queen-bed (180x200 cm) en suite with modern bathroom , 1 bedroom with 1 bed (160x200 cm or 2x80 for children) and 2 bedrooms with singles beds (90x190 cm) + 1 bathroom + 2 wc. All with High Quality mattresses.  A modern American style chefs kitchen with bar.  Parisian style, original hardwood floors, high ceilings. Towels and linens are provided for our guests.  MAKE YOUR STAY IN PARIS AN UNFORGETTABLE STAY.  Minimum stay : 7 nights from saturday to saturday. Walking distance to one of the most beautiful parks in Paris : Parc Monceau, quick w
17168		Wonderful room in a typical parisian flat, with a large balcony on the Faubourg Saint Honoré, facing the US & UK embassies. Very nice neighborhood for shopping (Hermès, Dior, Channel etc..). Close to all the major subway lines (Concorde/Madeleine). Access to a shared bathroom and a very nice kitchen. All the major Subway lines are 2min away by walk. Line 1, 12, 8 at Concorde Line 14 at Madeleine  Line 9, 13 at Miromesnil +bus stop on the doorstep.
17169	INDEPENDENT ROOM / sublet on the last, 6TH FLOOR of a bourgeois building Location: CENTER OF PARIS  Great neighborhood Close to supermarkets, shops, street markets, cafes, restaurants, park Monceau, museums  and multiple other Parisian attractions SMALL - 9 square meters=97 square feet Very CLEAN and COMFORTABLE and quiet QUIET building  6th floor, NO ELEVATOR WiFi in the room There is a KITCHEN CORNER equipped with HOT PLATE and MICROWAVE OVEN as well as pots and pans and plates and cups - NO FRIDGE SHARED TOILET out in the hallway, next door, it is MODERN and CLEAN Tenants are responsible for keeping it clean Linen included - washing it as needed is up to you - nice little laundromat is 5 minutes away, just around the corner - 17 Rue de Lisbonne SINK WITH HOT WATER heater  NO SHOWER AVAILABLE IN THE ROOM OR IN THE BUILDING - no bathtub either - simply said, no bathroom as such, sorry!  *See below for info on free public showers nearby Easy access to buses ( 30, 94, 84 + others) and t	Independent, small, clean, comfortable and quiet room on the 6th floor of a bourgeois building in a beautiful area in the center of Paris equipped with a kitchen corner and sink, close to Metro and buses, cafes and markets + other city attractions INDEPENDENT ROOM / sublet on the last, 6TH FLOOR of a bourgeois building Location: CENTER OF PARIS  Great neighborhood Close to supermarkets, shops, street markets, cafes, restaurants, park Monceau, museums  and multiple other Parisian attractions SMALL - 9 square meters=97 square feet Very CLEAN and COMFORTABLE and quiet QUIET building  6th floor, NO ELEVATOR WiFi in the room There is a KITCHEN CORNER equipped with HOT PLATE and MICROWAVE OVEN as well as pots and pans and plates and cups - NO FRIDGE SHARED TOILET out in the hallway, next door, it is MODERN and CLEAN Tenants are responsible for keeping it clean Linen included - washing it as needed is up to you - nice little laundromat is 5 minutes away, just around the corner - 17 Rue de Lis
17170	Appartement de 100m2 composé de cinq pièces (double séjour, 3 chambres, salle de douche, toilettes séparés, cuisine) dans immeuble haussmannien, clame et clair (3ème étage sur cour), quartier de l'Europe.	Appartement de 100m2 composé de cinq pièces (double séjour, 3 chambres, salle de douche, toilettes séparés, cuisine) dans immeuble haussmannien, clame et clair (3ème étage sur cour), quartier de l'Europe. Accès à tout Paris, monuments, musées, grand-magasins, théâtres, cinémas .... Les voyageurs peuvent poser toutes questions. Quartier de l'Europe, proche gare Saint Lazare, grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann, parc Monceau, Champs-Elysées, Montmartre, cinémas, théâtres.... Métros Liège, Place de Clichy, Europe, Rome, Saint Lazare. Gare Saint Lazare pour accès à Versailles. Appartement particulièrement calme et clair.
17171	MERCI DE RÉSERVER 2 OU 3 JOURS AVANT LA PREMIÈRE NUIT POUR DES RAISONS DE TEMPS DE PRÉPARATION ET D'ORGANISATION.	Tout équipé, épuré, 1 canapé lit 2 places haut de game et 1 lits  2 places haut de game, très bien entretenu pour personnes responsables PAS D'ANIMAUX NI DE FUMEURS.. pour plus d'information demandez moi. MERCI DE RÉSERVER 2 OU 3 JOURS AVANT LA PREMIÈRE NUIT POUR DES RAISONS DE TEMPS DE PRÉPARATION ET D'ORGANISATION.
17172	Proximité de lieux de tourisme tels que les Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Pigalle Ainsi que de lieux de shopping : Printemps, Galeries Lafayette Divers transports en commun (proche gare saint lazare) Un grand lit double et tout équipé	Bel appartement lumineux sans vis à vis au cœur de Paris Typique appartement Parisien dans immeuble du 18ème, parquet et cheminée. Nombreux lieux touristiques, restaurants, bars à proximité. Idéalement desservi en transports Proximité de lieux de tourisme tels que les Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Pigalle Ainsi que de lieux de shopping : Printemps, Galeries Lafayette Divers transports en commun (proche gare saint lazare) Un grand lit double et tout équipé La totalité des équipements de l'appartement. (TV / internet / WIFI / cuisine / lave-linge / jeux vidéos / DVD...etc) Non, simplement lors de l'arrivée (présentation des lieux et informations diverses) Et lors du départ  (Vérification du rendu des lieux) Quartier calme et paisible, idéalement situé, beaucoup de restaurants a proximité et bars. Bus (phone number hidden)) Metro (L.2/L.3/L.9/L.12/L.13/L.14)
17173	Safe - Ground floor 	"**** No check in after 21:00 **** ° In the very safe area / in the sécurity building.  ° 1 bed room apartment 55 sq m. for 4 peoples. ° Ground floor next too small garden in side the building.  ° 20 steps to Bicycle station "" Vélib "" 3 minutes from Metro Rome Line 2  2 minutes from Metro Europe line 3"
17174	"A garden at your feet: The apartment and the available bedroom have a view on a charming little garden called ""square Louis XVI"" with a monument where former King Louis XVI was once inhumed at the XVIIth century. The bedroom and the apartment: Spacious available bedroom is part of a very luminous 110 sqm2 apartment that has been nicely renovated in October 2012. It is fully equiped for premium comfort. Sofa bed has a 15cm mattress that makes it feel like a perfectly real bed. Your hosts: Marie-Alix and Arnaud are very pleased to welcome you at home and advise you on amazing stuff to do during your stay in Paris! "	"A garden at your feet: The apartment and the available bedroom have a view on a charming little garden called ""square Louis XVI"" with a monument where former King Louis XVI was once inhumed at the XVIIth century. The bedroom and the apartment: Spacious available bedroom is part of a very luminous 110 sqm2 apartment that has been nicely renovated in October 2012. It is fully equiped for premium comfort. Sofa bed has a 15cm mattress that makes it feel like a perfectly real bed. Your hosts: Marie-Alix and Arnaud are very pleased to welcome you at home and advise you on amazing stuff to do during your stay in Paris! All the comfort of our apartment is yours. We do speak English, German and a bit of Spanish. We would love to give you some tips about the nice places and restaurants around! An amazing situation in the heart of Paris: At close walking distance from Saint-Lazare station, Opera Garnier, Place de la Concorde and Grands Magasins, the rue des Mathurins is both at the center of Pari"
17175	Bel appartement de 70m2, composé d'une belle cuisine équipée,  une grande salle de bain composé d'une douche,  d'une grande baignoire,  wc, rangement.  Et d'une grande piece principal étant le salon avec de 2 canapés lit, tv (câblé 500 chaines + canal+Wifi) et un coin chambre avec un grand lit de 2m. 3 grandes fenetres plein sud, 4eme etages, ambiance cosy et chaleureux.	Bonjour, Appartement de 70m2. Il ce compose d'une cuisine équipé, Grande salle de bain avec grande Baignoire. Grand salon avec 2 canapés lit, un grand lit 200cm/190cm, tv cablé + Wifi , plein de magazins ! Métro St Lazare ou St Augustin. Bel appartement de 70m2, composé d'une belle cuisine équipée,  une grande salle de bain composé d'une douche,  d'une grande baignoire,  wc, rangement.  Et d'une grande piece principal étant le salon avec de 2 canapés lit, tv (câblé 500 chaines + canal+Wifi) et un coin chambre avec un grand lit de 2m. 3 grandes fenetres plein sud, 4eme etages, ambiance cosy et chaleureux. Accès métr(phone number hidden), RER E, Situé en plein centre de paris,  entre saint-Lazare avec tout les métro,  et a 200m des Galeries Lafayette,  et place Saint-Augustin.
17176	The apartment is organised as a lovely home, with 2 floors.  The place is very pure and white, with fresh flowers every week, a cosy and calm atmosphere, white and wood + linen mainly.  Situated 1 mn from CHANEL avenue Montaigne, 2 minuts from Franklin Roosevelt metro and 5 minuts walk from le Grand Palais, just near LA Seine, 7 mn by bus (in front of our street) to the Eiffel Tower.  You'll also have the best japanese, thai & french well-known restaurants in our street!	A cosy apartment  organised like a cosy house, next to Chanel shop av Montaigne, 1 mn walk from les Champs Elysées, 5 minuts from Le Grand Palais with a bathroom for each bedrooms & toilets on each floor, in a 75 square meters apartment.
17177	Walking : Opera (7 minutes), Madeleine (5 minutes), Parc Monceau (5 minutes), Galeries Lafayettes (5 minutes), Montmartres (15 minutes) ..	Lovely studio very well located in Paris' 8th arrondissement at Saint Lazare Station and Madeleine. Its location will easily allow you to explore Paris and relax .. Welcom !! Walking : Opera (7 minutes), Madeleine (5 minutes), Parc Monceau (5 minutes), Galeries Lafayettes (5 minutes), Montmartres (15 minutes) .. metro line at 50 meters (phone number hidden)) & ter E and more than 16 bus
17178	Tastefully decorated with modern art, our apartment has all the amenities you could dream of including a balcony, and an Art Deco entrance on Avenue Montaigne. A uniquely modern designer decorated apartment for the price of an entry-level hotel room! It's the most exclusive area of Paris -- one entrance of the building is on Avenue Montaigne, home to Christian Dior, Chanel, Nina Ricci, Givenchy and many others! Makes for fantastic shopping & sightseeing You will be greeted personally upon arrival, just let us know when you plan to get there. It's the most exclusive area of Paris -- one entrance of the building is on Avenue Montaigne, home to Christian Dior, Chanel, Nina Ricci, Givenchy and many others! Makes for fantastic shopping & sightseeing	Tastefully decorated with modern art, our apartment has all the amenities you could dream of including a balcony, and an Art Deco entrance on Avenue Montaigne. Just remember to show their way around to Scarlett Johansson or Kate Moss downstairs! Tastefully decorated with modern art, our apartment has all the amenities you could dream of including a balcony, and an Art Deco entrance on Avenue Montaigne. A uniquely modern designer decorated apartment for the price of an entry-level hotel room! It's the most exclusive area of Paris -- one entrance of the building is on Avenue Montaigne, home to Christian Dior, Chanel, Nina Ricci, Givenchy and many others! Makes for fantastic shopping & sightseeing You will be greeted personally upon arrival, just let us know when you plan to get there. It's the most exclusive area of Paris -- one entrance of the building is on Avenue Montaigne, home to Christian Dior, Chanel, Nina Ricci, Givenchy and many others! Makes for fantastic shopping & sightseeing
17179	The flat is located in the heart of Paris in a calm,  pedestrianized areas full of cafés, restaurants, designer boutiques, at 10 min walk from the CHAMPS ELYSEES.  It is near to many popular centers of interest such as the arc de Triomphe, the rue Saint-Honoré and other prestigious streets.  As well as being a very fashionable district, the rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré is also famous for its incredible sources of celebrities: Julia Roberts has a flat in the street, Vincent Cassel.  The flat has direct parking access via a 24 hour parking service located next door with a pedestrian exit situated across the street from the flat  and easy pick up and drop off access for taxis or car service (I can arrange a car service to collect you from your gate at arrival and return you to the airport if you are arriving by plane.) The flat can be accessed by 3 different metro stations and metro lines, which are only a few minutes’ walk away. In less than 10 minutes door to door, you can (email hidden	The flat is located in the heart of Paris in a calm,  pedestrianized areas full of cafés, restaurants, designer boutiques, at 10 min walk from the CHAMPS ELYSEES.  It is near to many popular centers of interest such as the arc de Triomphe, the rue Saint-Honoré and other prestigious streets.  As well as being a very fashionable district, the rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré is also famous for its incredible sources of celebrities: Julia Roberts has a flat in the street, Vincent Cassel.  The flat has direct parking access via a 24 hour parking service located next door with a pedestrian exit situated across the street from the flat  and easy pick up and drop off access for taxis or car service (I can arrange a car service to collect you from your gate at arrival and return you to the airport if you are arriving by plane.) The flat can be accessed by 3 different metro stations and metro lines, which are only a few minutes’ walk away. In less than 10 minutes door to door, you can (email hidden
17180		Located on boulevard Haussmann, the flat has a beautiful double room, a cosy living room and an amazing view for parisian roofs lovers. Very central, near Grands Magasins, Champs Elysées and close to metro and bus stations. Best location to visit Paris, excellent transportation and at walking distance from some of the brightest Parisian higlights (Champs-Elysees, Opera, Grands Magasins, Arc de Triomphe, Grand Palais...) Metro ligne 9 and 13: Miromesnil Or directly from saint-lazare railway station (500m)
17181	Situated between the Arc de Triomphe and the Place de la Concorde, on a lively street during the day and quiet at night, full of restaurants and other typical commerce which stays open until 10 pm,  the spacious and comfortable apartment has 70m2 and is on the 2nd floor of a typically Parisian Haussmannian architecture building, which has a small elevator.  The apartment is comfortable and well equipped. The living room is spacious (35m2) overlooking the street, has a refined and warm decor, with an excellent furniture quality like wooden floors (parquet), centennial marble fireplaces, marble dining table, English sofa, TV/DVD and a library. The bedroom has a double master size bed (180x200), wardrobe, desk and small balcony overlooking the street.  There are two bathrooms, as required by French tradition: one with the toilet (WC) and one with a shower, sink, washer/dryer and cabinets.  The kitchen, which is a feature of the apartment, is equipped with a gas stove, cooking utensils, re	Situated between the Arc de Triomphe and the Place de la Concorde, on a lively street filled with restaurants and other typical commerce which stays open until 10 pm, the spacious and comfortable apartment is 70m2 and on the 2nd floor. Situated between the Arc de Triomphe and the Place de la Concorde, on a lively street during the day and quiet at night, full of restaurants and other typical commerce which stays open until 10 pm,  the spacious and comfortable apartment has 70m2 and is on the 2nd floor of a typically Parisian Haussmannian architecture building, which has a small elevator.  The apartment is comfortable and well equipped. The living room is spacious (35m2) overlooking the street, has a refined and warm decor, with an excellent furniture quality like wooden floors (parquet), centennial marble fireplaces, marble dining table, English sofa, TV/DVD and a library. The bedroom has a double master size bed (180x200), wardrobe, desk and small balcony overlooking the street.  Ther
17182		Grand appartement Hausmannien (135m2) en plein coeur des quartiers chics de Paris. Le chic de l'ancien et tout le confort moderne. 3 chambres pouvant loger 5 personnes.Près du Parc Monceau du sacré Coeur des champs Elysées
17183	Located on boulevard Haussmann, the flat has a beautiful double room, a cosy living room and an amazing view for parisian roofs lovers. Very central, near Grands Magasins, Champs Elysées and close to metro and bus stations. Best location to visit Paris, excellent transportation and at walking distance from some of the brightest Parisian higlights (Champs-Elysees, Opera, Grands Magasins, Arc de Triomphe, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Jardin des Tuileries, Assemblée Nationale ...) Metro ligne 9 and 13: Miromesnil  Or directly from saint-lazare railway station (500m)	Located on boulevard Haussmann, the flat has a beautiful double room, a cosy living room and an amazing view for parisian roofs lovers. Very central, near Grands Magasins, Champs Elysées and close to metro and bus stations. Located on boulevard Haussmann, the flat has a beautiful double room, a cosy living room and an amazing view for parisian roofs lovers. Very central, near Grands Magasins, Champs Elysées and close to metro and bus stations. Best location to visit Paris, excellent transportation and at walking distance from some of the brightest Parisian higlights (Champs-Elysees, Opera, Grands Magasins, Arc de Triomphe, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Jardin des Tuileries, Assemblée Nationale ...) Metro ligne 9 and 13: Miromesnil  Or directly from saint-lazare railway station (500m) Metro ligne 9 and 13: Miromesnil  Or directly from saint-lazare railway station (500m)
17184		Charmant 2 pièces au coeur des Batignolles (75017), quartier commerçant, calme et bobo.  Moderne et en parfait état avec cuisine américaine, grande pièce de vie, dressing et chambre donnant sur une cour privative.  Immeuble ancien et accueillant.
17185	Charming Parisian Hôtel particulier 92m² - 2/4pers. Ground Level+1rst Level+2nd Level Located in a private, green & calm typical parisian cul-de-sacl Rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, Paris 8°district Triangle d'or Area (Champs Elysées - Faubourg St. Honoré - George V) 3mn by walk of the beautiful 'Parc Monceau' Garden and the Royal Monceau 5* Palace 5 mn by walk of the Champs Élysées. Many food shops, opened 7/7 days (Boulangerie-Marché Poncelet-Supermarkets...) Many casual & luxury boutiques Many Restaurants & typical parisian Brasseries Subway Stations: Ternes & Charles-de-Gaule Etoile (1-2-6+RER A) Airports Bus Station 'Etoile-Champs Elysées' CDG & Orly 2mn  Cabs'Station in front of the house                                ***Ground Floor*** Guests WC + Laundry (Washing & Dry Machine + flatiron) Kitchen (Fridge/Freezer/Dishwasher/Hoven/4 vitroceramic cooking/Micro waves) Dining room (Dining Table 6 seats + Full canteen of cutlery for 6pers.)                                 ******1rst F	Your own mansion in a private street, 5mn walk from Champs Elysées & Parc Monceau. Charming Parisian Hôtel particulier 92m² - 2/4pers. Ground Level+1rst Level+2nd Level Located in a private, green & calm typical parisian cul-de-sacl Rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, Paris 8°district Triangle d'or Area (Champs Elysées - Faubourg St. Honoré - George V) 3mn by walk of the beautiful 'Parc Monceau' Garden and the Royal Monceau 5* Palace 5 mn by walk of the Champs Élysées. Many food shops, opened 7/7 days (Boulangerie-Marché Poncelet-Supermarkets...) Many casual & luxury boutiques Many Restaurants & typical parisian Brasseries Subway Stations: Ternes & Charles-de-Gaule Etoile (1-2-6+RER A) Airports Bus Station 'Etoile-Champs Elysées' CDG & Orly 2mn  Cabs'Station in front of the house                                ***Ground Floor*** Guests WC + Laundry (Washing & Dry Machine + flatiron) Kitchen (Fridge/Freezer/Dishwasher/Hoven/4 vitroceramic cooking/Micro waves) Dining room (Dining Table 6 seats
17186	Terasse de 25m2 exposée plein Sud  Aménagée	lovely flat situated in the heart of paris ! 5min by step from Pigalle, Montmartre and Champs Elysée.  The perfect place for a romantic weekend in couple ! Metro : Rome                Place de Clichy 
17187	"Charmant studio de 25 m2 à deux minutes de la plus belle avenue du monde : Les Champs Elysées. Il dispose d'un canapé lit double pour 2 couchages, une cuisine équipée très fonctionnelle ainsi qu'une salle d'eau avec WC. Quartier tres securisé ,calme donnant sur cour, proche tous commerce et métro ""George V"", ..idéalement situé"	"charmant studio au sixième étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble situé à côté de la prestigieuse avenue des Champs Elysées. Le studio est idéal pour deux personnes. Il dispose d'un canapé lit double, de bon couchage. Il y a une cuisine équipée avec tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner. Enfin l'appartement a une salle de bains avec douche, et WC. Charmant studio de 25 m2 à deux minutes de la plus belle avenue du monde : Les Champs Elysées. Il dispose d'un canapé lit double pour 2 couchages, une cuisine équipée très fonctionnelle ainsi qu'une salle d'eau avec WC. Quartier tres securisé ,calme donnant sur cour, proche tous commerce et métro ""George V"", ..idéalement situé En cas de problème nous sommes joignable 24h/24  7J/7. Beau quartier, propre vivant au charme de la vie parisienne à deux minutes prestigieuse avenue des Champs Elysées Metro Georges V Ligne 1 les clefs sont à récupérer dans le 10eme rue Bouchardon à partir de 17h sans limite d'heure. possibilité de laisser les bagages a cette"
17188	Sa lumière, son confort et l'adresse où se trouve !!  A tous sauf..., un petit placard qui sera fermer a  Clé !!  Non juste pour leur montrer les choses faire l'état des lieux par la suite.  On a tous  à proximité et c'est un vrai bonheur ; métro, boutique SNCF, monoprix, belles boutique et l'arc de triomphe!!   Aux pieds du métro Ternes, ligne 2 à 8mn du métro Champs Elysées! 	Sa lumière, son confort et l'adresse où se trouve !!  A tous sauf..., un petit placard qui sera fermer a  Clé !!  Non juste pour leur montrer les choses faire l'état des lieux par la suite.  On a tous  à proximité et c'est un vrai bonheur ; métro, boutique SNCF, monoprix, belles boutique et l'arc de triomphe!!   Aux pieds du métro Ternes, ligne 2 à 8mn du métro Champs Elysées!  A tous sauf..., un petit placard qui sera fermer a  Clé !!  Non juste pour leur montrer les choses faire l'état des lieux par la suite.  On a tous  à proximité et c'est un vrai bonheur ; métro, boutique SNCF, monoprix, belles boutique et l'arc de triomphe!!   Aux pieds du métro Ternes, ligne 2 à 8mn du métro Champs Elysées! 
17189		Charmant petit studio de 30m² avec vraie mezzanine, situé à Courcelles dans le 17ème arrondissement de Paris, a deux pas du parc Monceau. Trés bien situé, calme, vous êtes à 10min à pieds des champs elysées et des batignolles. Idéal pour couple.
17190	Appartement familial haussmannien et moderne, de 180m², entièrement rénové par un architecte, au carrefour des 9ème et 8ème arrondissements de Paris, à deux pas des transports en commun et à quelques minutes à pied des Grands magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayette) et de la Trinité.  Particularités : Lumineux, il a été entièrement refait à neuf. Il possède un très beau volumes, de grandes fenêtres, des moulures et une cheminée d’époque. La cuisine ouvre sur un bow window orienté plein sud sur une cour arborée, très agréable. Les 3 chambres sont au calme sur cour. L’appartement comprend 3 chambres, 3 salles de bains pour 8 à 10 couchages : •une chambre avec 2 lits doubles de 140 (dont un lit double en mezzanine), •une chambre parentale avec un lit double de 160 , •une chambre avec 2 lits simples superposés de 90 chacun La seconde partie du grand salon peut faire office de 4ème chambre avec un lit double de 160. Une salle de bain avec baignoire et deux salles de bains avec chacune leu	Appartement familial haussmannien, vaste et lumineux, entièrement rénové par un architecte, au carrefour des 9ème et 8ème arrd, au cœur de Paris, à quelques minutes à pied des Grands Magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayette). Appartement familial haussmannien et moderne, de 180m², entièrement rénové par un architecte, au carrefour des 9ème et 8ème arrondissements de Paris, à deux pas des transports en commun et à quelques minutes à pied des Grands magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayette) et de la Trinité.  Particularités : Lumineux, il a été entièrement refait à neuf. Il possède un très beau volumes, de grandes fenêtres, des moulures et une cheminée d’époque. La cuisine ouvre sur un bow window orienté plein sud sur une cour arborée, très agréable. Les 3 chambres sont au calme sur cour. L’appartement comprend 3 chambres, 3 salles de bains pour 8 à 10 couchages : •une chambre avec 2 lits doubles de 140 (dont un lit double en mezzanine), •une chambre parentale avec un lit double de 160
17191	This studio is modern with a warm design and located at the 6th floor with an elevator. The living room is composed of a double bed sofa, a table with four nice chairs.  The kitchen is next to the living room. Also modern with good oven and fully equipped (fridge, Nespresso  coffee machine, toaster and blender). There is a bath and a washing mashing with dryer combined that the guests are free to use. You have a table for ironing and a iron at your disposal.  The flat is located less than 100 meters from the Saint-Lazare trains’ station. It is very close to the worldwide shopping area of “Printemps” and “Galeries Lafayettes”.  The Opera Garnier, Madeleine, Place de la Concorde and “Le Moulin Rouge” are reachable after 10 minutes of walk. It is a busy district, very central and extremely simply accessible by public transports. There is plenty of choices, RER, subway and train lines directly from Saint Lazare trains’ station. There is also a major buses station. Finally, there is a direc	Feel right at home! Charming 30 m2 studio on the 6th floor with a nice balcony. Near Opéra, Louvre, Concorde and the shopping area; Galeries Lafayettes and Printemps. Very simple access to all touristic areas. 15 minutes walk to Champs-Elysées.    This studio is modern with a warm design and located at the 6th floor with an elevator. The living room is composed of a double bed sofa, a table with four nice chairs.  The kitchen is next to the living room. Also modern with good oven and fully equipped (fridge, Nespresso  coffee machine, toaster and blender). There is a bath and a washing mashing with dryer combined that the guests are free to use. You have a table for ironing and a iron at your disposal.  The flat is located less than 100 meters from the Saint-Lazare trains’ station. It is very close to the worldwide shopping area of “Printemps” and “Galeries Lafayettes”.  The Opera Garnier, Madeleine, Place de la Concorde and “Le Moulin Rouge” are reachable after 10 minutes of walk. It i
17192		I rent a studio furnished with 25 m ², in very good state (ideal for couple or busness man). Close to any convenience (In 2 steps of Lido, restaurants, nightclub and Champs-Elysées (Subway George V)).
17193	C'est un studio totalement indépendant au 6e étage sans ascenseur avec wc dans le couloir très lumineux avec un vrai lit 1 place.	Chambre meublé de 9 m2 dans le 17e district pour 1 pers. seulement, à 10 mn à pieds de Charles de Gaulle Etoile et des Champs Elysées. Vous adorerez ce quartier très résidentiel de la capitale au pied du parc Monceau. Vue sur la tour Eiffel. C'est un studio totalement indépendant au 6e étage sans ascenseur avec wc dans le couloir très lumineux avec un vrai lit 1 place. Très calme et résidentiel au pied du parc Monceau Ligne de Métro 2 et 3
17194	Room 6th floor center paris Champs Elysées in nice a family building	ideal student. shops near by Room 6th floor center paris Champs Elysées in nice a family building room kitchenette shower Paris guide in the room quiet two steps away from champs elysées bus, metro, RER walking distance to eiffel tower, champs elysées, louvre, river seine swiming pool and parc near by
17195	"Very nice apartment with mezzanine, on the fourth floor with lift, 50 meters far from the legendary ""Champs Elysees"".  Located between the Champs Elysees and the rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, it is in the heart of Paris.  Totally renewed, with all the comforts, it can accommodate two people with its bed large 160 cm and his Sofa / bed.  You will totally dispose of a kitchen with a refrigerator, induction plates, microwave, washing and drying machine, a bathroom with shower and laundry.  Close to the metro (station Roosevelt), this district of Paris is the most demanded, there is also a large supermarket a few minutes’ walk away.  Very very central; everything is accessible on foot: restaurants, museums, monuments, cinemas.... Check-in : We prefer between 2 pm and 6 pm. Before 2 pm, the houskeeper company is cleaning the flat, so it is possible to meet the morning, we will give you the keys and you can leave your luggages at the appartement meanwhile the housework and then come when you"	"3 kind apartments next to the metro station Franklin Roosevelt (line : 1 and 9) Flat n°1 https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2409800 Flat n°2 https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2646910 Very nice apartment with mezzanine, on the fourth floor with lift, 50 meters far from the legendary ""Champs Elysees"".  Located between the Champs Elysees and the rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, it is in the heart of Paris.  Totally renewed, with all the comforts, it can accommodate two people with its bed large 160 cm and his Sofa / bed.  You will totally dispose of a kitchen with a refrigerator, induction plates, microwave, washing and drying machine, a bathroom with shower and laundry.  Close to the metro (station Roosevelt), this district of Paris is the most demanded, there is also a large supermarket a few minutes’ walk away.  Very very central; everything is accessible on foot: restaurants, museums, monuments, cinemas.... Check-in : We prefer between 2 pm and 6 pm. Before 2 pm, the houskeeper company is cleaning th"
17196	Large window wall with a beautiful light, very quiet, no noise from cars and passers-by, it is a view clear protected to the 5th floor.  Large lounge / Plasma TV with 170 channels and DVD / Large Double Bed quality bultex very comfortable for one or two persons (ideal couple) and it is possible to install another extra mattress for a second or a thirth person.  Box Wifi Internet Access Broadband / Telephone free for the landlines in the world.  Cupboard for your clothes / Big and Small table / Sofa / Office / Library / Standard for machineYou have a bathroom with a double washbasin, a bath, and toilet. Linens, sheets, soap, pillows, towels, kettle are provided.	    I offer a big private room of 22 m2 in a flat at the foot of the world's most famous avenue, the Champs-Elysées. It's the perfect place to enjoy your holidays in the capital.    Large window wall with a beautiful light, very quiet, no noise from cars and passers-by, it is a view clear protected to the 5th floor.  Large lounge / Plasma TV with 170 channels and DVD / Large Double Bed quality bultex very comfortable for one or two persons (ideal couple) and it is possible to install another extra mattress for a second or a thirth person.  Box Wifi Internet Access Broadband / Telephone free for the landlines in the world.  Cupboard for your clothes / Big and Small table / Sofa / Office / Library / Standard for machineYou have a bathroom with a double washbasin, a bath, and toilet. Linens, sheets, soap, pillows, towels, kettle are provided. There is a kitchen with all necessary utensils to prepare your meals - Refrigerator and stove induction. Entrance hallway and reinforced door.  Secu
17197	Very nice haussmanian flat in the very heart of Paris, with a balcony and view over a charmingly park (square Louis XVI). The room is truely full of light and peacefull ; the balcony is big enough to fit a deckchair. Half of the room is furnished as a bedroom and the other part is like a living room with couches and a table for a dining room part. The bed is a king size one (260mx240m) and there is also a sofa bed.	"This is private room part of a huge (180m2) traditional ""haussmanian style"" flat. Full of light and quiet, this is a shared flat with 4 others young professionals. Very nice haussmanian flat in the very heart of Paris, with a balcony and view over a charmingly park (square Louis XVI). The room is truely full of light and peacefull ; the balcony is big enough to fit a deckchair. Half of the room is furnished as a bedroom and the other part is like a living room with couches and a table for a dining room part. The bed is a king size one (260mx240m) and there is also a sofa bed. As a traveler you will get full access to all shared part of the flat, saying the kitchen and the bathroom. There is also a wifi network. I won't be there when renting the room but other flat mate are. They will be able to reply all your question and to welcome you warmly. They also speak english and spanish. This is a very central area in the very heart of Paris, one of its most beautiful places. You will be clos"
17198	This is a nice bedroom with a comfortable double bed and some space to put away your luggage and clothes during your stay. A baby cot or futon are available if needed. The apartment is very modern, like a loft under the roof, with very high ceilings and broad daylight.	22 sqm bedroom in a spacious and modern family flat on the last floor of the building. High ceilings and view on the Eiffel tower. Ideal location: walking distance to the Champs-Elysées, the department stores and Faubourg Saint-Honoré. This is a nice bedroom with a comfortable double bed and some space to put away your luggage and clothes during your stay. A baby cot or futon are available if needed. The apartment is very modern, like a loft under the roof, with very high ceilings and broad daylight. You will have your own independent bedroom, with shared access to our kitchen, bathroom and living areas. We like having people over but both work a lot. We know Paris quite well and can provide guests with tips if needed. Great bakeries, fantastic shopping areas nearby, quiet on weekends, a nice parc just 5-min walk, interesting sightseeing spots just minutes away. Metro  - lines 9 & 13: 4 min walk - lines 14, 2 & 3: 10 min walk RER - line A: 14 min walk Roissy bus: 15 min walk
17199	Very calm . You can sleep with open window.high ceiling and moldings . 10 mm walk from élysées palace and champs elysees. Very good bedding( 1m 60 large) for 2 beds. You can eat in the kitchen for 6 people.	Very beautiful appartement Haussmann 2 steps from the most buccolique parc of Paris 2 big rooms. 68 sq m . You are only 10 mm walk from elysee palace and champs elysees. Just near you have the Levis street with the best food shops of Paris . Very calm . You can sleep with open window.high ceiling and moldings . 10 mm walk from élysées palace and champs elysees. Very good bedding( 1m 60 large) for 2 beds. You can eat in the kitchen for 6 people. Free internet wifi Very calm and safety. Many food trade and lovely restaurant around. You are in the famous 8 arrondissement of Paris Metro with 2 lignes the 2 and the 3. You can cross the town in 30 minutes. The saint Lazard station is about 10 mm walk
17200	"THIS FLAT CAN BE RENTED ALL INCLUDED ELECTRICITY FEES HOT WATER CENTRAL HEATING WI FI INTERNET FOR ALONG 9 MONTHS MINIMUM POSSIBILITY MORE IF YOU NEED AND YOU HAVE A MONTHLY RENTING PRICE ALL RENOVATED FLAT CHAMPS ELYSEES LOUIS VUITTON  As a typically Parisian flat it features wooden floors, high ceilings and moldings. VERY GOOD INTERNET WI FI AND FIBRE OPTIQUE IN THIS FLAT. CHAMPS ELYSEES LUIS VUITTON ;  THIS LOVELY FLAT FOR 2 PERSONS ENJOY AND TAKE PROFIT OF CHAMPS ELYSEES COFFEES RESTAURANTS MOOVIES ALL THE BEST FASHIONABLE SHOPS AT AVENUE MONTAIGNE;    2013 AT PARIS CHAMPS ELYSEES LOUIS VUITTON  ASK ABOUT YOUR PLAN TRAVELLING IN PARIS CHAMPS ELYSEES  PARIS 16 CHAMPS ELYSEES - NEAR LOUIS VUITTON FLAT 2 ROOMS 1 NICE BEDROOM WITH A GOOD SLEEPING ""MAISON DE LA LITERIE"" 1 REAL AN VERY GOOD BED AND ONE CONFORTABLE CANAPE BED;   A VERY NICE AMERICAN KITCHEN WITH ALL THE MACHINES  A VERY NICE RENOVATED AND LUXUOUS FLAT   ALL WHITE PAINTED WOODEN FLOOR   WITH BALCONY SALES IN FEBRUARY AT CH"	"THIS FLAT CAN BE RENTED ALL INCLUDED ELECTRICITY FEES HOT WATER CENTRAL HEATING WI FI INTERNET FOR ALONG 9 MONTHS MINIMUM POSSIBILITY MORE IF YOU NEED THIS FLAT CAN BE RENTED ALL INCLUDED ELECTRICITY FEES HOT WATER CENTRAL HEATING WI FI INTERNET FOR ALONG 9 MONTHS MINIMUM POSSIBILITY MORE IF YOU NEED AND YOU HAVE A MONTHLY RENTING PRICE ALL RENOVATED FLAT CHAMPS ELYSEES LOUIS VUITTON  As a typically Parisian flat it features wooden floors, high ceilings and moldings. VERY GOOD INTERNET WI FI AND FIBRE OPTIQUE IN THIS FLAT. CHAMPS ELYSEES LUIS VUITTON ;  THIS LOVELY FLAT FOR 2 PERSONS ENJOY AND TAKE PROFIT OF CHAMPS ELYSEES COFFEES RESTAURANTS MOOVIES ALL THE BEST FASHIONABLE SHOPS AT AVENUE MONTAIGNE;    2013 AT PARIS CHAMPS ELYSEES LOUIS VUITTON  ASK ABOUT YOUR PLAN TRAVELLING IN PARIS CHAMPS ELYSEES  PARIS 16 CHAMPS ELYSEES - NEAR LOUIS VUITTON FLAT 2 ROOMS 1 NICE BEDROOM WITH A GOOD SLEEPING ""MAISON DE LA LITERIE"" 1 REAL AN VERY GOOD BED AND ONE CONFORTABLE CANAPE BED;   A VERY NICE"
17201	"Living in the ""Chic"" Suburb of the 8th, everything here Will be easy, sightseeing, entertainment, transportation... The living room is equipped with  - Sofa (can be a bed for 2 personns)  - TV  - Hi-Fi system n Cd player  - DVD player  - Desk or a dining table  - Wifi  - Apple TV In the Kitchen You Will find  - Fridge, freezer  - Electric Kettle  - Toaster  - Multifonctions oven n microwave  - Washing machine  - Table n iron  - Everything for a breakfast (the, coffee, chocolate, Jams home Made  - all kind of spices all around the world In the Bathroom You Will find  - Bathtub  - Hairdryer  - Towels  - Amenities In the Room  - Twin bed with matress pad n quilt for 2 personns with fresh linen  - Storage"	"42m2, 2nd floor on courtyard By stairs well equiped To Enjoy Paris singing Joe Dassin song  Down the Champs-Élysées Down the Champs-Élysées Friday night, Saturday Any night or any day You'll find what you're looking for On the Champs-Élysées Living in the ""Chic"" Suburb of the 8th, everything here Will be easy, sightseeing, entertainment, transportation... The living room is equipped with  - Sofa (can be a bed for 2 personns)  - TV  - Hi-Fi system n Cd player  - DVD player  - Desk or a dining table  - Wifi  - Apple TV In the Kitchen You Will find  - Fridge, freezer  - Electric Kettle  - Toaster  - Multifonctions oven n microwave  - Washing machine  - Table n iron  - Everything for a breakfast (the, coffee, chocolate, Jams home Made  - all kind of spices all around the world In the Bathroom You Will find  - Bathtub  - Hairdryer  - Towels  - Amenities In the Room  - Twin bed with matress pad n quilt for 2 personns with fresh linen  - Storage I Will be avalaible To answer any questions, ev"
17202	Fantastic Area,top central in Paris 8th. Besides Parc Monceau and Arc de,Triomphe/Champs-Elysées. Charming full equipped two-storyhouse. Nice clearance and bright. Exceptional property with garden inside Paris. You feel to be in the countryside besides Champs-Elysées. You enter in a nice Haussman building with flowery courtyard until a charming and safe housing estate with six independant houses with their own garden and private space. The access from the garden lead you inside the house in the cosy living room with American kitchen,a large dining-table and laundry room. You ll find also a big Tv screen, DVD’s,music  and everything you need to  relax,cook and enjoy your stay. You will find a‘guests book’ with all informations about the flat, the area and my Paris good addresses. The house had been totally renovated and decorated with taste. There is  a confortable queen size sofa bed with its featherbed, brand new pillows and blanquet. We provided white and good quality of bed sheet se	Fantastic Area, top central in Paris 8. Between Parc Monceau and Arc de Triomphe Champs-Elysées. Center of Paris.  Charming house with garden in a beautiful Hausmman building, chic and safe area.  Two stairs house for 4 people with two beds.       Fantastic Area,top central in Paris 8th. Besides Parc Monceau and Arc de,Triomphe/Champs-Elysées. Charming full equipped two-storyhouse. Nice clearance and bright. Exceptional property with garden inside Paris. You feel to be in the countryside besides Champs-Elysées. You enter in a nice Haussman building with flowery courtyard until a charming and safe housing estate with six independant houses with their own garden and private space. The access from the garden lead you inside the house in the cosy living room with American kitchen,a large dining-table and laundry room. You ll find also a big Tv screen, DVD’s,music  and everything you need to  relax,cook and enjoy your stay. You will find a‘guests book’ with all informations about the flat, 
17203	Flat in typical Haussmannian building in the center of Paris. 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, large dinner kitchen, reception room and dining room, piano... Luxury, autenthic and safe building with a doorman who can take care of your messages. You'll enjoy your stay at this wonderful family home ! Have a nice time in Paris. Alice	4 m high ceiling, rare ! Calm and beautiful Spend a nice week end in Paris !! Flat in typical Haussmannian building in the center of Paris. 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, large dinner kitchen, reception room and dining room, piano... Luxury, autenthic and safe building with a doorman who can take care of your messages. You'll enjoy your stay at this wonderful family home ! Have a nice time in Paris. Alice You can have acces to the entire house. Don't hesitate to contact me if you need more informations about the house and Paris, our help to organize your travel. If needed we can booked a taxi for you or make a reservation for good dinner... It's nice location if you want to spend wonderful time in Paris and visit the city, 1 minute from Champs Elysées, at walking distance to Louvre Museum, Tuilleries Royal Garden, Saint-Germain des Pres shoping area, restaurants, attractive areas like Eiffel Tower. You can take a taxi from the airport or take metro Saint Philippe du Roule. Try the real Frenc
17204	Nice 30 square meters studio. 500 meters from the most beautiful avenue in the world, the CHAMPS ELYSEES. Completely renovated. For 2 people. Very well furnished with all the necessary comfort: LG 3D LED TV 117cm, lounge, 2 wardrobes, open plan kitchen with refrigerator, electric stove, microwave oven, conventional convection oven, washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, double bed king size and a bathroom with bathtub. The building is quiet and secure: 2 digicodes and a concierge. Nearby Metro: George V (line 1), Saint Philippe du rolls (line 9), Charles de Gaulle Etoile (line 2 and 6 and RER A) Many shops nearby restaurants, cinemas, supermarkets, etc. ... Asked Warranty: Photocopy of identification I remain at your disposal for further (website hidden): The appartment may look a little messy on the photos but do not worry, a cleaning comes before each rental.	Nice 30 square meters studio. 500 meters from the most beautiful avenue in the world, the CHAMPS ELYSEES. Completely renovated. For 2 people. Very well furnished with all the necessary comfort! Nice 30 square meters studio. 500 meters from the most beautiful avenue in the world, the CHAMPS ELYSEES. Completely renovated. For 2 people. Very well furnished with all the necessary comfort: LG 3D LED TV 117cm, lounge, 2 wardrobes, open plan kitchen with refrigerator, electric stove, microwave oven, conventional convection oven, washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, double bed king size and a bathroom with bathtub. The building is quiet and secure: 2 digicodes and a concierge. Nearby Metro: George V (line 1), Saint Philippe du rolls (line 9), Charles de Gaulle Etoile (line 2 and 6 and RER A) Many shops nearby restaurants, cinemas, supermarkets, etc. ... Asked Warranty: Photocopy of identification I remain at your disposal for further (website hidden): The appartment may look 
17205	Unique ! When you arrive in our appartment, the first thing you will notice is the magical view : we are surrounded by Embassies gardens and from the living room, you will see the Eiffel tower, the Invalides, the Grand Palais, even the Arc de Triomphe, the National Assembly and Sacrée Cœur ! Unobstructed view, no cars, no noise, just birds... and you are in the heart of Paris, 50m from place de la Concorde and the Champs Elysées. This living room is very cozy, with a fireplace, books in French, Spanish or English, a stereo. It is full of sun all day long and really very quiet.  The kitchen is well design to integrate easily in this room, making it nice to prepare dinner and still discuss over the bar. At the same floor, you have two bedrooms, each with their own bathrooms (one with shower, one with a bath tub). With their view over the Church of Sacré Cœur, it is very peaceful and also very quiet.  Next to it is the laundry space with a washing machine, a dryer… From the living room, t	     Next to place de la Concorde, on the chic rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, next to all main attractions (museums, boutiques…), a well designed place. Very quiet, sunny, with a magical view over wonderful gardens and the Eiffel tower !        Unique ! When you arrive in our appartment, the first thing you will notice is the magical view : we are surrounded by Embassies gardens and from the living room, you will see the Eiffel tower, the Invalides, the Grand Palais, even the Arc de Triomphe, the National Assembly and Sacrée Cœur ! Unobstructed view, no cars, no noise, just birds... and you are in the heart of Paris, 50m from place de la Concorde and the Champs Elysées. This living room is very cozy, with a fireplace, books in French, Spanish or English, a stereo. It is full of sun all day long and really very quiet.  The kitchen is well design to integrate easily in this room, making it nice to prepare dinner and still discuss over the bar. At the same floor, you have two bedrooms, eac
17206	Nous sommes côté cours donc aucun bruits de rue. Logement très fonctionnel. La chambre est isolée au rez de chaussée l'appartement qui comporte l'entrée et un toilette/lavabo. 	La chambre se situe au rez de chaussée d'un petit triplex. Au 1er étage se trouve le salon/cuisine/SDB et au 2ième étage, 2 autres chambres. L'intimité est donc préservée pour les invités qui disposent d'un WC et lavabo séparés rien que pour eux! Nous sommes côté cours donc aucun bruits de rue. Logement très fonctionnel. La chambre est isolée au rez de chaussée l'appartement qui comporte l'entrée et un toilette/lavabo. Les voyageurs ont leur propre WC séparés et lavabo. Ils ont accès à la cuisine, salle de bain, séjour/salle à manger. Ils peuvent regarder la TV sans soucis. Quartier calme et safe, on s'y sent bien. Nous sommes à 7 minutes à pieds du parc Monceau, idéal pour une petite balade ou un footing! A 15 min a pied des quais de Seine, de la gare saint lazare, de l'arc de triomphe/Champs Elysée. Nombreux commerces tout autour. Nous sommes à 1 min de l'arrêt Miromesnil ou passe les lignes 9 et 13.
17207	Located on the 6th floor of an Haussmann building, this apartment offers a amazing view with not overlooked. Moreover it is completely quiet. All of this in the center of Paris.	By feet : - 3 minutes from Miromesnil (line 9 and 13) - 5 minutes from Parc Monceau - 10 minutes from the Champs Elysees - 10 minutes from madeleine - 5 minutes from a big supermarkek Located on the 6th floor of an Haussmann building, this apartment offers a amazing view with not overlooked. Moreover it is completely quiet. All of this in the center of Paris. There will always be someone to welcome passengers and answer their questions even after their arrival. We will obviously leave a phone number. The 8th district is the center of Paris. This is the perfect location for someone who wants to visit Paris. Everything important in Paris can be reached on foot in a few minutes : the Champs Elysées, the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower, The Invalides, The Grand Palais (and its many exhibitions), Concorde square, etc . And for night owls, the Champ Elysées and Pigalle are full of night club ! Subway: - Miromesnil : line 9 and 13 - Charles de Gaulle Etoile : line 1, 2, 6, RER A - Europe : 
17208	Our flat is located in the most beautiful place of Paris, in the center: at 4' by foot from the Champs Elysées, 2 minutes from the avenue Montaigne, and 10 minutes by foot from the Eiffel Tower!  We can welcome two persons in room,on the double bed. The room is quiet small but comfortable! 	    Hello! We rent sometimes the whole appartement, for a week end or more - located at 3 minutes from the Champs-Elysées and 10 from the Eiffel Tower. Five persons can live in this flat!  2 nights minimum    Our flat is located in the most beautiful place of Paris, in the center: at 4' by foot from the Champs Elysées, 2 minutes from the avenue Montaigne, and 10 minutes by foot from the Eiffel Tower!  We can welcome two persons in room,on the double bed. The room is quiet small but comfortable! Everything! We will be glad to advise you the nice neighboorhood to go! You will be in the most beautiful Place of Paris! Sbway line 9 Alma, and 1Franklin Roosevelt (Champs Elysées) No rent for one night!
17209	"Very nice apartment with mezzanine, on the fourth floor with lift, 50 meters far from the legendary ""Champs Elysees"".  Located between the Champs Elysees and the rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, it is in the heart of Paris.  Totally renewed, with all the comforts, it can accommodate two people with its bed large 160 cm and his Sofa / bed.  You will totally dispose of a kitchen with a refrigerator, induction plates, microwave, washing and drying machine, a bathroom with shower and laundry.  Close to the metro (station Roosevelt), this district of Paris is the most demanded, there is also a large supermarket a few minutes’ walk away.  Very very central; everything is accessible on foot: restaurants, museums, monuments, cinemas.... Check-in : We prefer between 2 pm and 6 pm. Before 2 pm, the houskeeper company is cleaning the flat, so it is possible to meet the morning, we will give you the keys and you can leave your luggages at the appartement meanwhile the housework and then come when you"	"3 kind apartments next to the metro station Franklin Roosevelt (line : 1 and 9) Flat n°1 https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2409800 Flat n°3 https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2647054 Very nice apartment with mezzanine, on the fourth floor with lift, 50 meters far from the legendary ""Champs Elysees"".  Located between the Champs Elysees and the rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, it is in the heart of Paris.  Totally renewed, with all the comforts, it can accommodate two people with its bed large 160 cm and his Sofa / bed.  You will totally dispose of a kitchen with a refrigerator, induction plates, microwave, washing and drying machine, a bathroom with shower and laundry.  Close to the metro (station Roosevelt), this district of Paris is the most demanded, there is also a large supermarket a few minutes’ walk away.  Very very central; everything is accessible on foot: restaurants, museums, monuments, cinemas.... Check-in : We prefer between 2 pm and 6 pm. Before 2 pm, the houskeeper company is cleaning th"
17210	"The apartment is at the 5th floor of a luxurious building ""Haussmann"" style. Three large windows overlook the inside courtyard, with view on the Parisian roof : lovely! The studio offers a large convertible sofa (140cm bed) really comfortable, a table with two chairs, and space enough in the buffet to store your travel stuff.  The kitchen is fully equipped : oven, electric heaters, extractor fan, refrigerator, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster and all the dishes, cutlery and utensils you may need to cook! The bathroom offers shower, toilets, and a lavabo. You can also find a washing machine in the (website hidden) and Internet (WIFI) is at your disposal ! "	"This studio is in the heart of Paris, really close to Champs Elysées, 10min walk to Lafayette shops, the opera and the Grand Palace! The metro is down the building. With a great view on the Paris roof, it is a perfect place for a romantic journey! The apartment is at the 5th floor of a luxurious building ""Haussmann"" style. Three large windows overlook the inside courtyard, with view on the Parisian roof : lovely! The studio offers a large convertible sofa (140cm bed) really comfortable, a table with two chairs, and space enough in the buffet to store your travel stuff.  The kitchen is fully equipped : oven, electric heaters, extractor fan, refrigerator, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster and all the dishes, cutlery and utensils you may need to cook! The bathroom offers shower, toilets, and a lavabo. You can also find a washing machine in the (website hidden) and Internet (WIFI) is at your disposal ! Very safe and prestigious area. 5 minutes from the Champs É"
17211		"Hi ! im offering my place to have a good stay in Paris just 15 min walking for the "" Arc du triomphe"". Pretty nice to have a walk over cause you will have the Opera , Champs elysées, Grand Palais even the Eiffel Tower very close! ;) The bathroom is next to my room and the shower is on the room , so it will be necessary some organisation with my roommate."
17212	This luxurious 1BR apartment is located on one of Paris's most fabled streets. On the 4th floor of an elegant building with an elevator, it consists of an entry, a large living room, a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom, a modern bathroom with bath tub and shower, and separate WC. Completely renovated and refurnished, the modern, minimalist decor is tasteful and relaxing.  Collective heating and internet package included for short-term rentals. 	AVENUE MONTAIGNE!  This luxurious 1BR apartment is located on one of Paris's most fabled streets. This luxurious 1BR apartment is located on one of Paris's most fabled streets. On the 4th floor of an elegant building with an elevator, it consists of an entry, a large living room, a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom, a modern bathroom with bath tub and shower, and separate WC. Completely renovated and refurnished, the modern, minimalist decor is tasteful and relaxing.  Collective heating and internet package included for short-term rentals.  Metro line 1 - Franklin D Roosevelt
17213	"The appartement is located in the famous ""gold triangle"", between the Champs-Elysées, avenue Montaigne and avenue Georges V in a quiet street. It is one of the best neighbourhood to go out at night (movies, theatres, restaurants and nightclubs walking distance) It is a family flat, charming and sunny. "	2 bedrooms with private bathroom to rent in a 200 sq meters appartement in the heart of Paris, between Champs-Elysées and avenue Montaigne. 
17214	Very cosy and bright, From 1 to 4 people Great view on the Eiffel Tower from the bedroom and the living room Full equipped 	Our wonderful 46 sq apartment has one bedroom and one living room. Situated in the heart of the 8th arrondissement. It will offer you all the most amazing shops and visiting areas in Paris. The apartment is at the top floor (6th with elevator)   Very cosy and bright, From 1 to 4 people Great view on the Eiffel Tower from the bedroom and the living room Full equipped  Access to the all apartment : One bedroom (for 2 people),  One living room with a sofa bed (for 2 people), A full equipped kitchen (micro wave, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, freezer) Elevator, TV, Internet, Bath, We give you the keys at your arrival You will be by yourselves in the apartment during your stay  You will be able to reach us by phone or mail in case of emergency We will do the check out together The Seine is right downstairs. You are at 2 to 5 minutes walk from  - the Eiffel Tower,  - the Champs Elysées,  - the Crazy Horse,  - the Palais of Tokyo,  - the Arc de Triomphe, - Museums, - the Trocadero, - the 
17215		In the very chic Rue du faubourg Saint-Honoré, at 2 steps of the presidential palace, David will be delighted to receive you in his charming 30's apartment. Comfy King size bed, big bathroom, very peaceful and safe neighborhood, very close to museums
17216	It is a stone building of good quality, featuring a secure access. The apartment is located on the ground floor and has views on a courtyard.  With its amazing high ceilings and its designed and convenient arrangement, this is studio has what it takes to surprise you. The lightning is ideal to give this ground floor a warm atmosphere. The wooden covering of an entire wall – including storage areas as well as a large flat screen – gives even more charm to this large room. The stylish furniture is just what you need : a 140cm convertible sofa, a 140 cm double bed and a dining table. The kitchen is independent from the main room. It includes hotplates, a fridge, a micro-wave and a dishwasher. The bathroom is accessible through the kitchen.  It is equipped with a shower cubicle, toilets and a washer.	Close to the liveliness of the Champs Elysées, this quiet studio overlooking an inner courtyard is a fine choice. Spacious, it is as well furnished as decorated. Living room, sleeping or dining area, all the space is perfectly organized. It is a stone building of good quality, featuring a secure access. The apartment is located on the ground floor and has views on a courtyard.  With its amazing high ceilings and its designed and convenient arrangement, this is studio has what it takes to surprise you. The lightning is ideal to give this ground floor a warm atmosphere. The wooden covering of an entire wall – including storage areas as well as a large flat screen – gives even more charm to this large room. The stylish furniture is just what you need : a 140cm convertible sofa, a 140 cm double bed and a dining table. The kitchen is independent from the main room. It includes hotplates, a fridge, a micro-wave and a dishwasher. The bathroom is accessible through the kitchen.  It is equipped
17217	Unique village in the very heart of Paris. Elevator and doorman. Newly renovated.	Wonderful and rare opportunity to stay in a bright, newly renovated studio apartment in Village Royal in the very heart of Paris. Next to rue Saint-Honore's famous shops and within easy walking distance of Champs Elysees, Louvre and Opera.       Unique village in the very heart of Paris. Elevator and doorman. Newly renovated. Right in the middle of beautiful Village (website hidden) A stones throw from the wide array of shops (Chanel, Dior, Hermes..), cafes (Laduree, Angelina, ..), restaurants (chez Maxim, Marche Saint Honore..) and cultural and historical sites (Concorde, Medelaine, Place Vendome, Louvre, Palais Royal, Champs Elysees,..) 3 minute walk to both Opera and Madelaine metro stops. 10 minute walk to Louvre, Opera and Champs Elysees.
17218	Clean cosy little studio located in the heart of Champs Elysées. This studio is ideal for one couple but it can accomodate two couples that are close or a couple with two kids. 33 m2 (355 sq.feet) located on the 3rd floor. There are two couches that transform into two very comfortable queen size beds.  Free WIFI internet throughout the studio.  2 closets for clothes,storage etc.  1 small kitchen,1 WC and 1 bathroom. The studio comes fully equipped and furnished with all utilities included in price. Note:Some photos are a little bit older but the studio looks exactly the same and was recently renovated  	Clean cosy little studio in the heart of Champs Elysées. Fully equipped and recently renovated with access to everything Paris has to offer right at your doorstep. Clean cosy little studio located in the heart of Champs Elysées. This studio is ideal for one couple but it can accomodate two couples that are close or a couple with two kids. 33 m2 (355 sq.feet) located on the 3rd floor. There are two couches that transform into two very comfortable queen size beds.  Free WIFI internet throughout the studio.  2 closets for clothes,storage etc.  1 small kitchen,1 WC and 1 bathroom. The studio comes fully equipped and furnished with all utilities included in price. Note:Some photos are a little bit older but the studio looks exactly the same and was recently renovated  Guests have access to the entire studio  We will be travelling for a couple of months but everything will be arranged beforehand The neighborhood is very safe, full of life and history that offers a great variety of restaurant
17219		charmant studio d'environ 40m2 doté d'une pièce de 20m2 équipé d'un lit deux places et d'un canapé lit, tv cuisine séparée machine à laver, toilettes salle de bain séparés avec baignoire. à 15 min à pied des champs Élysées et en face du parc monceau!
17220	The apartment is in an ideal location for gourmets who will enjoy the city’s finest cafés and restaurants all within close proximity, including the legendary Chez Francis on the Alma Bridge. - The recent renovation works on this apartment have left it decorated in a lavish classical style touched up with a modern twist, and all made up of high-end material and furnishing. - The apartment features an entrance area equipped with a desk and closet, a large living room and adjoining dining room, which are also connected to a large open space kitchen which is fully equipped. Closet area is vast throughout the apartment, for your convenience. - The apartment comfortably houses six persons, as each of its two nicely designed bedrooms contains a double bed, in addition to the sofa bed in the living room, which sleeps two. Moreover, the apartment contains two full bathrooms. - The offered amenities include  Wi-Fi and fresh linen and towels with rental. - All in all, this flat is ideal for a com	This beautiful and spacious apartment, set in a lovely traditional French building, lends itself perfectly to a luxury stay with family or friends. This sunny first floor apartment is ideally located opposite the American Church, and in the close vic The apartment is in an ideal location for gourmets who will enjoy the city’s finest cafés and restaurants all within close proximity, including the legendary Chez Francis on the Alma Bridge. - The recent renovation works on this apartment have left it decorated in a lavish classical style touched up with a modern twist, and all made up of high-end material and furnishing. - The apartment features an entrance area equipped with a desk and closet, a large living room and adjoining dining room, which are also connected to a large open space kitchen which is fully equipped. Closet area is vast throughout the apartment, for your convenience. - The apartment comfortably houses six persons, as each of its two nicely designed bedrooms contains a d
17221	Ce studio est situé au sein d’un immeuble haussmanien avec digicode. Spacieux et entièrement refait à neuf, Il comprend :  - Une mezzanine avec un lit confortable de 1m80,  - Un espace salon avec canapé d'angle (très confortable pour les siestes) faisant aussi canapé-lit,  - Une cuisine ouverte toute équipée : four, micro-onde, frigo, réfrigérateur, plaque de cuisson,  - Une salle de bain avec toilette, baignoire, sèche-cheveux.  - Une grande armoire pour le rangement de votre linge. - Possibilité de faire des lessives avec une machine à laver,  Tout cela accompagné d'une petite cour privée très agréable en cette saison,  De plus, il dispose de :  - Wi-Fi Fibre optique - Une télévision freebox avec lecteur DVD,  - Une sono avec baffle où vous pourrez brancher votre ipod ou iphone Les draps vous sont fournis.	A 5mn à pieds des Champs Elysées et à 10mn à pieds de l'Arc de Triomphe, ce joli appartement sera parfait pour voir les milles visages de cette capitale tout en se réservant des moments calmes et conviviales dans ce nouveau pied à terre. Ce studio est situé au sein d’un immeuble haussmanien avec digicode. Spacieux et entièrement refait à neuf, Il comprend :  - Une mezzanine avec un lit confortable de 1m80,  - Un espace salon avec canapé d'angle (très confortable pour les siestes) faisant aussi canapé-lit,  - Une cuisine ouverte toute équipée : four, micro-onde, frigo, réfrigérateur, plaque de cuisson,  - Une salle de bain avec toilette, baignoire, sèche-cheveux.  - Une grande armoire pour le rangement de votre linge. - Possibilité de faire des lessives avec une machine à laver,  Tout cela accompagné d'une petite cour privée très agréable en cette saison,  De plus, il dispose de :  - Wi-Fi Fibre optique - Une télévision freebox avec lecteur DVD,  - Une sono avec baffle où vous pourrez b
17222		Au coeur du 8ème arrondissement, à 2 minutes à pieds de Villiers, de ses petits commerces, brasseries, cafés et bars, et  du parc Monceau, cet appartement de 57 m2 saura vous accueillir pour un séjour typique à Paris Les voyageurs auront accès a une grande chambre double avec télévision et commode, au salon avec une cheminée et un canapé lit. Ils pourront bien évidemment bénéficier de la cuisine, de la salle de bain, du wifi etc. Métro Villiers  Métro Saint-Augustin
17223	Typical Haussman design apartment, this 3 rooms feature high ceilings (more than 3m ) and antique parquet. The high Windows ensure an apreciable natural light all along the Day.  I had profoundly renovated the apartment, especially the kitchen, spacious and fully equipped for at least 6 People,  you can invite friends for dinner. The bathroom has a large mirror and an italian spacious shower. With double glasses per window, the apartment is very quiet, but also when you open the  window (oriented toward a back court, remote from the street). The bedroom offers different places to leave your clothes and a 140cm width bed. I will arrange an other bed in the spacious living room if you want to come at 4 People. 	Located in the heart of one the most prestigious aera of Paris (the 8th), at 5 mins from the Champs Elysees and 2 blocks from the Parc Monceau, the apartment is quiet, beautifully renovated and proposes all facilities for its hosts : fully equipped kitchen, wifi, tv with satellite.
17224	this apartment is 40 meter square large :  adress is  rue BAYARD in PARIS center just close to Avenue Montaigne (Lux Department store like brand DIOR, CHANEL, LANVIN)  and close of AVENUE Des CHAMPS ELYSEE (down of Grand PALAIS). The 8e arrondissement is known for being very upscale and known for business, shopping, restaurants and discotheque. But  BAYARD street are very quiet. The clothest restaurant and discotheque are MONTAIGNE, street. But you will find grocery store of good value and cheaper in BAYARD, MONTAIGNE street Neighboorhood : Safe, luxurious shops, grocery store, river of Seine, touristic site like Champs Elysee, Arc de Triomphe, Grand et Petit Palais, Place de la Concorde, avenue Montaigne, Bank of Seine, INVALIDE, Alma Bridge. Without lift, On the 4th floor, very quiet on court yard and last floor with view of the roof of Paris : apartment of 40 meter square large very sunlight large living room  with  kitchen fully equipped and intermediare floor with roof windows for	Appartment CHAMPS ELYSEE 4th floor on sunlight couryard. Very quiet Important : Since March 2014 , there is a Box internet ADSL and WIFI hight speed inside the flat with more of 200 channels TV. this apartment is 40 meter square large :  adress is  rue BAYARD in PARIS center just close to Avenue Montaigne (Lux Department store like brand DIOR, CHANEL, LANVIN)  and close of AVENUE Des CHAMPS ELYSEE (down of Grand PALAIS). The 8e arrondissement is known for being very upscale and known for business, shopping, restaurants and discotheque. But  BAYARD street are very quiet. The clothest restaurant and discotheque are MONTAIGNE, street. But you will find grocery store of good value and cheaper in BAYARD, MONTAIGNE street Neighboorhood : Safe, luxurious shops, grocery store, river of Seine, touristic site like Champs Elysee, Arc de Triomphe, Grand et Petit Palais, Place de la Concorde, avenue Montaigne, Bank of Seine, INVALIDE, Alma Bridge. Without lift, On the 4th floor, very quiet on court
17225	2 quiet rooms (40 square meters) near Champs Elysees avenue. Franklin Roosevelt Metro (lines 1 and 9), it is an ideal base for visiting / going out in Paris. 1 bed and 1 sofa bed and everything you need to accommodate. Calm and quiet view a courtyard view.	"Franklin Roosevelt station, perfect place to visit Paris. You can accommodate 2 to 4 people with kitchen, bathroom and all necessary stuff. The building is at the corner of the Champs Elysées but offers a courtyard view. 2 quiet rooms (40 square meters) near Champs Elysees avenue. Franklin Roosevelt Metro (lines 1 and 9), it is an ideal base for visiting / going out in Paris. 1 bed and 1 sofa bed and everything you need to accommodate. Calm and quiet view a courtyard view. The neighborhood is amazing : if you go up to the Avenue, you will always find life and activity at any hour of the day (shopping, clubs, bars). If you go south, you can discover the ""Grand Palais"" and enjoy walking around big parks between the Louvre and the Seine river. You can join the Eiffel tower in 3 subway stations (or twenty minutes walk). Notre Dame in 15 minutes by subway and Montmartre in 20 minutes. Subway line 1 and 9 : Franklin Roosevelt station. From Charles de Gaulle and Orly airport : RER B to ""Chate"
17226	you have a bedroom (big bed) with the bathroom. Then the kitchen is in the livingroom. All very well equiped. The sofabed in the livingroom can host 2 people, very confortable. Perfect for a small family.	Very nice 2 rooms apartment, 50 m close to Champs ELysees, most famous avenue in the world ... you have a bedroom (big bed) with the bathroom. Then the kitchen is in the livingroom. All very well equiped. The sofabed in the livingroom can host 2 people, very confortable. Perfect for a small family. Of course on Champs ELysees you have all kind of fashion shops, farmacy, Monoprix the famous supermarket. In my street you have a laundry, a small supermarket, a lot of restaurants, a boulangerie for bred and croissants.... metro GEORGE V is very close, on Avenue des Champs Elysees
17227	Refurbished 6 months ago	"Le logement Chambre privée individuelle dans un appartement de 110 m2 au 4ième étage d'un immeuble donnant au dessus des voies de la gare Saint Lazare. Vous bénéficier d'un salon avec cuisine à l'américaine (four, frigifdaire etc.) Refurbished 6 months ago Living room  Kitchen Bathroom  I or one of my roomate should be available for welcoming people Levis street with its market at 200m Parc Monceau at 500 m Shopping at ""Printemps"" and other shops at 700m Etc. Difficult to be better located ... Station Rome ligne 3 à 150m Station Europe ligne 2 à 250m Station Liège ligne 13 à 350m Station Saint Lazare ligne 14, RER E etc. We are above the train station ansd so there is a a little noise (doubled gazled windows)  if you are very sensitive"
17228		Under the roof, new, nice for a week end in Paris. There are a little kitchen, a bed for two and a bathroom with a shower. Near Champs Elysées, Saint Lazare train sation and Printemps-Galeries Lafayettes. Subway : Miromesni, Saint Augustin (lines 9 and 13) Bus : (phone number hidden)
17229	48m2 de surface habitable+30m2 environ de terrasse ce qui est très rare en plein coeur de Paris! Vous pourrez y prendre vos petit déjeuné dans le calme.	Idéalement situé ce charmant 2 pièces aux notes orientales comprenant une terrasse de 30 m2, vous ouvre les bras pour un séjour romantique dans le calme et la sérénité. Le métro est à 2 min à pied+commerces de proximité et excellents restaurants! 48m2 de surface habitable+30m2 environ de terrasse ce qui est très rare en plein coeur de Paris! Vous pourrez y prendre vos petit déjeuné dans le calme. Logement entier Nous serons à votre disposition pour vous conseiller Un quartier très calme  Des commerçants et artisans fabuleux Des restaurants charmants 3 commerces de proximité à moins de 5 min Centre commerciaux A 20 min à pied des Galeries Lafayette et des Champs Elysées 5 min à pied du parc Monceau pour y faire son jogging Metro à 2 min à pied RER et grande ligne à 10min à pied (ou à 5 min si vous prenez le métro) Langues parlé: Français English Espanol Italian العربي
17230	Causy studio, furnished and completely refurbished, first floor (with elevator) of a building located in a luxurious and chic central district of the capital. Ready to welcome you!  A few steps from the main tourist sites: Trocadéro, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysee, le Louvre...)  Living room with new sofa bed (linens provided), a wardrobe, a flat screen TV, a table for dining and a kitchen (fridge, microwave, hot plate, coffee maker, dishes)    Bathroom (shower and sink, towel provided) and toilet in the studio (separate one from the other)  Included in the price: internet, TV	Causy and furnished studio, fully renovated in a luxurious building in a chic and central area of the capital! A few steps from the main tourist sites: Trocadéro, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysee, le Louvre...) Causy studio, furnished and completely refurbished, first floor (with elevator) of a building located in a luxurious and chic central district of the capital. Ready to welcome you!  A few steps from the main tourist sites: Trocadéro, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysee, le Louvre...)  Living room with new sofa bed (linens provided), a wardrobe, a flat screen TV, a table for dining and a kitchen (fridge, microwave, hot plate, coffee maker, dishes)    Bathroom (shower and sink, towel provided) and toilet in the studio (separate one from the other)  Included in the price: internet, TV Internet, Tv... 1 minute walk from Alma bridge with a beautiful view of the Seine and a first glimpse of the Eiffel Tower  15 minutes walk from the esplanade du Trocadéro with a m
17231	Dans un immeuble de style Haussmanien en pierre de taille de 1913 classée monument Historique, nous vous attendons pour des moments inoubliables.  Ce studio est exceptionnel de part sa situation en plein coeur des Champs Elysées. Vous logerez dans la Galerie des Arcades qui est l'ancien hotel du cabaret Le LIDO. Il est situé au coeur de l'animation parisienne (restaurants, cafés, discothèques, cabarets...), à proximité des boutiques de luxe françaises et internationales et des célèbres palaces parisiens.  C'est un appartement très calme, tout confort, qui a été entièrement rénové en 2013. La surface est de 40m2 avec 3m50 de hauteur sous plafond avec des moulures et corniches style empire au plafond. La décoration est raffinée avec des matériaux haut de gamme, les sols sont en marbre blanc et la salle de bain en marbre gris.  La capacité de couchage est de 4 personnes : 1 lit double 160 et 1 canapé lit 160  Equipements : Linge de lits et de toilettes fournis, Cuisine équipée, Climatisat	Studio moderne entièrement rénové en marbre et équipé pour 4 personnes ... Situé en plein coeur des Champs Elysées... son emplacement au centre de l'avenue (Metro Franklin D Roosevelt) est son meilleur atout ! Wifi et climatisation gratuits Dans un immeuble de style Haussmanien en pierre de taille de 1913 classée monument Historique, nous vous attendons pour des moments inoubliables.  Ce studio est exceptionnel de part sa situation en plein coeur des Champs Elysées. Vous logerez dans la Galerie des Arcades qui est l'ancien hotel du cabaret Le LIDO. Il est situé au coeur de l'animation parisienne (restaurants, cafés, discothèques, cabarets...), à proximité des boutiques de luxe françaises et internationales et des célèbres palaces parisiens.  C'est un appartement très calme, tout confort, qui a été entièrement rénové en 2013. La surface est de 40m2 avec 3m50 de hauteur sous plafond avec des moulures et corniches style empire au plafond. La décoration est raffinée avec des matériaux haut
17232	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION. Free very fast wifi ;) and air conditioning	Right in Front of Plazaa Athenee. in Avenue Montaigne. Fully renovated and quiet apartment in the Hottest street of Paris. Triangle D'or ( golden Triangle) LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION. Free very fast wifi ;) and air conditioning Great Designer Apartement. High tech electronics and very well equipped apart.  Nespresso machine, washer and dryer, Right across from Plaza , Lavenue a block away...etc.. We're here to help you. We also have a concierge on site to address your concerns if any. Let us know if you need any local services or advice. Golden triangle. everything is walking distance. Elevator and air conditioning ! Subway and taxi stand right outside. but more fun walking around. the best location to see Paris in style
17233	02 bathrooms means two toilets	This luxurious and very well situated 85 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on avenue Montaigne in the 8th arrondissement, on the 2 nd floor and it sleeps 2 people.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, balcony. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils Thebuilding is equipped with : elevator, security code, video intercom 02 bathrooms means two toilets Plaza Athenée Hotel, rue François 1er, Champs Elysées
17234	"This special apartment can be found in the most fancy area of Paris, as the Parisians would say ""le quartier chic"".  The 8eme arrondisment harbors the famous Arc de Triumph, the most prestigious street in the world ""Les Champs Elysees"" and even the famous Parc Monceau that is right at your foot tail once you descend the building doors. The most prestigious hotels maintain their addresses almost beside our location. With a total surface area of 98 m² and enhanced with full audio facilities, this apartment has been recently renovated in an 18th Century style by a passionate private decorator. Nothing has been left hanging around, a guaranteed true vacation in the freshest and most modern atmosphere that would provide you the luxury and tranquility that you deserve. (Italian designed kitchen, Marble baths, vintage faucets collections, fountain framed PORCHER, Romoli flooring, ...) These unique pieces gently takes you though the week in an atmosphere where time stops. This extraordinary ap"	"This special apartment can be found in the most fancy area of Paris, as the Parisians would say ""le quartier chic"".  The 8eme arrondisment harbors the famous Arc de Triumph, the most prestigious street in the world ""Les Champs Elysees"" and even the famous Parc Monceau that is right at your foot tail once you descend the building doors. The most prestigious hotels maintain their addresses almost beside our location. With a total surface area of 98 m² and enhanced with full audio facilities, this apartment has been recently renovated in an 18th Century style by a passionate private decorator. Nothing has been left hanging around, a guaranteed true vacation in the freshest and most modern atmosphere that would provide you the luxury and tranquility that you deserve. (Italian designed kitchen, Marble baths, vintage faucets collections, fountain framed PORCHER, Romoli flooring, ...) These unique pieces gently takes you though the week in an atmosphere where time stops. This extraordinary ap"
17235	Vue unique sur Paris au dessus des toits des immeubles Haussmanniens. Calme absolu, ideal pour recevoir et partager une soirée avec les illuminations de Paris	Au dessus des toits de Paris, 80 m2 luxueusement équipés (climatisation, musique Sonos, fibre optique) 1 chambre avec lit double et dressing; 1 grand salon avec couchage double; cuisine américaine; deux toilettes; 1 salle de bains. Terrasse et vue Vue unique sur Paris au dessus des toits des immeubles Haussmanniens. Calme absolu, ideal pour recevoir et partager une soirée avec les illuminations de Paris Accès à tout l'appartement - ascenseur jusqu'au 6eme Je suis disponible pour vous aider à réussir votre séjour à Paris A 200m du Printemps et des Galeries Lafayette, à 400m de la rue du Faubourg St Honoré, à 500m de l'Olympia. Appartement idéalement désservi: Métro Madeleine, RER Auber, Gare Saint-Lazare et de nombreuses lignes de bus Grandes baies vitrées anti-bruit pour un calme maximum.  Parquet en chêne dans tout l'appartement Cafetière Nespresso - Bouilloire- Micro-ondes- sèche-linge- bain et douche-un lit double (180) dans la chambre et une banquette lit dans le salon.
17236	Beautiful and bright 40 sqm offers a spacious living area with dining table. Fully equips kitchen : fridge, oven, coffee machine Nespresso, toaster. Bathroom with bath. Washing machine. Elliptical trainer. The bedroom is very quiet. 	Cosy, sunny and comfortable flat is situated in one of the best location of Paris, 2 minutes away from the Champs Élysées. The apartment is close to the main tube lines (1, 2, 6 and 9) and near the RER A which takes you to Disneyland. Beautiful and bright 40 sqm offers a spacious living area with dining table. Fully equips kitchen : fridge, oven, coffee machine Nespresso, toaster. Bathroom with bath. Washing machine. Elliptical trainer. The bedroom is very quiet.  Sheets and towels are provided. Access to TV, wireless internet and all the equipments. Handbooks for visiting Paris. We spent beautiful hols renting flats thanks to airbnb. It is our turn to rent our flat during our holidays. You will be welcomed either by us or our family members who speak fluent English. We'll really enjoy to share you some good places to visit in Paris. One of the best locations in Paris, few minutes away from Champs Élysées avenue, arch of triumph, park Monceau. Many supermarkets, bakeries are close to t
17237		A charming Haussmannian 26sqm located 10 min walk from Champs-Elysées, Opera, Galleries Lafayette, Concorde.  5 metro lines, 10 buses, 3 vélib stations, 2 supermarkets, cafés, restaurants... Everything near in a very quiet place. For gentle people!   Free tea and coffee. From Roissy/CDG Airport: RoissyBus, a direct ligne from/to Opera and then 15 min walking - if you have smalls luggages - home. RER B, direct train ligne until Gare du Nord and then the buses lignes 26 or 43 (Saint Lazare) into here. From Orly: This airport is not that far so the rates are affordable specially if you're coming with some partner. By yourself, it's a long way of bus, metro, bus... The apartement is in the 3rd floor and there's no lift. 
17238	The whole appartment which is situated on the 5th floor, is very luminous.   The location of this appartment which is half residential, half business area is really convenient.  It is an elegant area of Paris with its Haussmannian flats and offices. Near Saint Lazare with the department stores, La Madeleine with rue du Faubourg St Honoré.   And the peaceful Parc Monceau is at 5 min on foot.	In a spacious Haussmannian apartement  of 190m², a private luminous room (18m²) with its own bath-room+WC . The typical Parisian area is quiet and airy but so close to Madeleine, Opéra, St Lazare, Champs Elysées, and Montmartre !! The whole appartment which is situated on the 5th floor, is very luminous.   The location of this appartment which is half residential, half business area is really convenient.  It is an elegant area of Paris with its Haussmannian flats and offices. Near Saint Lazare with the department stores, La Madeleine with rue du Faubourg St Honoré.   And the peaceful Parc Monceau is at 5 min on foot. The room + bath-room + WC on the photos are for your personnal and private use.  The kitchen could be of course used at your convenience. The nearest Metro stations : Saint Augustin  6 min Villiers  5 min Saint Lazare  10 min I speak French, English, Japanese. I speak French, English, Japanese.
17239	Typically hausmannian style furnished with primitives arts, contemporary art...	"Our parisian 5 rooms appartment (1830 sq ft) is ""haussmanien"" style, located near Champs Elysées and Eiffel Tower. We have 3 double bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, one large living room and a dining room. Typically hausmannian style furnished with primitives arts, contemporary art... so chic taxi, car, bus, metro..."
17240	Have you ever imagined to immerse yourself in the atmosphere of la belle époque? Well this apartment is what you have always been you looking for. Placed a few meters from the entrance of the Parc Monceau where the young Marcel Proust who lived in the street used to play with Albertine.  The apartment is a  19th century mansion built to host the heiress of the Boucheron jeweler.  On the ground floor overlooking its private garden are two suites, each with its bathroom (one with bath, shower and two washbasins, the other with shower) and plenty of closets. The first has a double bed and a sofa,  the second three single beds. Next to this room is a service area with a small kitchen washing and drying machines. The rooms on the ground floor can be accessed directly from the entrance hall of the building or through two inside stairs that bring to the noble floor.  The noble floor, with its 14 feet (4mtrs) high decorated ceilings, hosts the 120 sqm (400 sq yards) salon with beautifully enca	300 sq. mtrs  (3,000sqft) Luxury Villa with private garden in the most elegant Parisian neighborhood. Three families can stay at the same time each with their own privacy. 60 seconds to the Subway, minutes to the Champs-Élysées or Arc De Triomphe. Have you ever imagined to immerse yourself in the atmosphere of la belle époque? Well this apartment is what you have always been you looking for. Placed a few meters from the entrance of the Parc Monceau where the young Marcel Proust who lived in the street used to play with Albertine.  The apartment is a  19th century mansion built to host the heiress of the Boucheron jeweler.  On the ground floor overlooking its private garden are two suites, each with its bathroom (one with bath, shower and two washbasins, the other with shower) and plenty of closets. The first has a double bed and a sofa,  the second three single beds. Next to this room is a service area with a small kitchen washing and drying machines. The rooms on the ground floor can 
17241	The apartment is in a 19th century Haussmannian building, and the room gives onto a quiet courtyard. Please note that I only rent to women. Minimum 2-night stay. Please include your photo and verifications in your profile.	Quiet 6th floor room in 19th century building with elevator; view of sparkling Eiffel Tower. Centrally located near Opera; walk to Louvre, Orsay. Easy access to metro & bus lines.  Wifi, desk; use of printer. Min. 2 night stay.  I only rent to women. The apartment is in a 19th century Haussmannian building, and the room gives onto a quiet courtyard. Please note that I only rent to women. Minimum 2-night stay. Please include your photo and verifications in your profile. Breakfast is served from 7AM-9AM: tea, coffee, milk, bread, jam, yoghurt, fruit, muesli.   Bathroom with shower and space for your (website hidden) player, hairdryer, free wifi, use of Canon printer.  As a tour guide, specialising in visits of museums and neighbourhoods.  I will be happy to give recommendations on things to do, the latest exhibitions, the newest restaurants, and what's on in Paris. The apartment is very near to Printemps, the Madeleine, and the Opera Garnier, and well-served by public transport: the Rois
17242	It is located on the 2nd floor of a luxury building. The apartment is 2260 square feet (210m2) Large livings areas, receptions, relaxing areas of with balcony, dining room, 2 master bedrooms. Bose sound system with wifi remote everywhere. Fully equipped with modern technologies.  Ready to host you. 	Drop off your luggages. Welcome to Paris. Welcome Home. It is located on the 2nd floor of a luxury building. The apartment is 2260 square feet (210m2) Large livings areas, receptions, relaxing areas of with balcony, dining room, 2 master bedrooms. Bose sound system with wifi remote everywhere. Fully equipped with modern technologies.  Ready to host you. 
17243	Elegant , charming, classic  Parisian 540 sq ft (50 m2)   -  one bedroom apartment in Paris’ most central 8th arrondisement.  Sleeps 2 adult guests (in couple as 1 large bed only) - (+ 1 person possible eventually).  VERY SECURE AREA (email hidden) walking distance from French President Palace [ Palais de L'Elysée ]. NB : possible to rent another charming apt (50m2) in the same building if you are two couples.  LOCATION Ideal walking distance to major Paris attractions (NB : exact location on the basic airbnb map not correct...).  The apt is exactly (email hidden) walking distance from  Palais de l’Elysée (French President’s home), Bristol palace hotel *****and the rue du Faubourg  Saint-Honoré , the best place to do luxury shopping (Hermes, Dior, Chanel, Tod’s, Lanvin, Etro, Rykiel, Louboutin, Moncler...) ! 5 mn from Les Champs Elysées, Grand Palais museum and avenue Montaigne.  20-25 mn to Louvre   Close  to Eiffel Tower and Notre Dame… Taxi stand close  Metro stations : nearest Miro	Elegant, sophisticated BUT EASY TO LIVE !!  Parisian 540 sq ft (50 m2)   -  1 bedroom apt in Paris’ most central 8th arrondisement (Faubourg Saint-Honoré)  (email hidden) walking distance from Champs Elysées  and 1 mn from French President Palace. Elegant , charming, classic  Parisian 540 sq ft (50 m2)   -  one bedroom apartment in Paris’ most central 8th arrondisement.  Sleeps 2 adult guests (in couple as 1 large bed only) - (+ 1 person possible eventually).  VERY SECURE AREA (email hidden) walking distance from French President Palace [ Palais de L'Elysée ]. NB : possible to rent another charming apt (50m2) in the same building if you are two couples.  LOCATION Ideal walking distance to major Paris attractions (NB : exact location on the basic airbnb map not correct...).  The apt is exactly (email hidden) walking distance from  Palais de l’Elysée (French President’s home), Bristol palace hotel *****and the rue du Faubourg  Saint-Honoré , the best place to do luxury shopping (Hermes, 
17244	An apartment comfortable right in the heart of the district Champs-Elysées, one of the districts of Paris, Trendiest and trendiest situated in nice little one street. Ideal for for a small loving escapade of a weekend in the most beautiful city of the world, you will quickly feel, as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, this apartment consists of a comfortable stay with a real bed  and two sofa bed which can welcome 4 people. A  cooking(kitchen), with refrigerator, etc. …  The bathroom, new is equipped with a shower cubicle, with a washbasin and with toilet.  You will have also at your disposal all the necessity to remain to connect with the world, worth knowing(namely) a connection to free WiFi internet, television, with all the big French chains(channels).  The apartment is located in the best area of paris you are near of the champs elysées, the louvre museum, avenue montaigne, gard	"Cosy and comfortable apartment with terrace located in the heart of Paris in the area ""Champs Elysées"", and its streets international renowned both for its history and for its shopping. Ideal for a getaway weekend as a couple in the city of light. An apartment comfortable right in the heart of the district Champs-Elysées, one of the districts of Paris, Trendiest and trendiest situated in nice little one street. Ideal for for a small loving escapade of a weekend in the most beautiful city of the world, you will quickly feel, as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, this apartment consists of a comfortable stay with a real bed  and two sofa bed which can welcome 4 people. A  cooking(kitchen), with refrigerator, etc. …  The bathroom, new is equipped with a shower cubicle, with a washbasin and with toilet.  You will have also at your disposal all the necessity to remain to connect with the "
17245	Le studio est simple et propre. Il est composé d'une salle de séjour qui sert aussi de chambre ( canapé-lit), d'un bureau, d'une grande armoire et d'une bibliothèque où les amoureux de la littérature hispano-américaine et espagnole pourront s'offrir un moment de détente. Le coin cuisine met à votre disposition des plaques chauffantes, une bouilloire, un cook rice et un petit four. Enfin, vient la salle de bain composé d'une baignoire et d'un jet d'eau chaude puissant.	Mon studio est calme, lumineux et est très bien situé. Il possède une grande pièce où se trouve le canapé lit et une table basse, une cuisine et une salle de bain. Il est doté d'une connexion internet, d'une bibliothèque et d'une vue sur les toits. Le studio est simple et propre. Il est composé d'une salle de séjour qui sert aussi de chambre ( canapé-lit), d'un bureau, d'une grande armoire et d'une bibliothèque où les amoureux de la littérature hispano-américaine et espagnole pourront s'offrir un moment de détente. Le coin cuisine met à votre disposition des plaques chauffantes, une bouilloire, un cook rice et un petit four. Enfin, vient la salle de bain composé d'une baignoire et d'un jet d'eau chaude puissant. Vous avez accès au logement entier et donc à toutes les parties. Le point fort de mon studio est sa position géographique car il est situé prés des champs Elysées, de la gare saint lazare et des galeries lafayette haussmann. Il est aussi très calme. Le parc Monceau se trouve à 
17246	2 ROOMS (BEDROOM + LIVING-ROOM) - ELEVATORS - 2nd floor (3rd floor in usa) ***** Total price given by Airbnb for 1, 2, 3, 4 persons ***** ***** But if only 2 persons in 2 beds : +15 € can be paid to the check-in *****  ***** Night check-in after 9pm : +15 € can be paid to the check-in ***** An original stay in Paris in a building listed as historical monument by French Culture Ministry : a former palace hotel with typical architecture of the 20's and Art Deco influences. A Security service is present 7/7 24/24 An entirely renovated apartment, a brand new bathroom with Italian shower, modern well fitted kitchen, one bedroom + one living-room, bed (Bultex) and sofa-bed with comfortable mattress. A nice balcony to have breakfast or dinner The area is one of the smartest in Paris, the apartment is located on Boulevard de la Madeleine, 5 minutes walk from : Louvre Museum, Place Vendôme, Champs-Elysées, Opera Garnier, Seine River banks, Concorde Square, French Parliament. Many famous restaur	An original stay in Paris in a building listed historical monument by French Culture Ministry : a former palace hotel with architecture of the 20's and Art Deco influences. A Security service is present 7/7 24/24. In one of the smartest area 2 ROOMS (BEDROOM + LIVING-ROOM) - ELEVATORS - 2nd floor (3rd floor in usa) ***** Total price given by Airbnb for 1, 2, 3, 4 persons ***** ***** But if only 2 persons in 2 beds : +15 € can be paid to the check-in *****  ***** Night check-in after 9pm : +15 € can be paid to the check-in ***** An original stay in Paris in a building listed as historical monument by French Culture Ministry : a former palace hotel with typical architecture of the 20's and Art Deco influences. A Security service is present 7/7 24/24 An entirely renovated apartment, a brand new bathroom with Italian shower, modern well fitted kitchen, one bedroom + one living-room, bed (Bultex) and sofa-bed with comfortable mattress. A nice balcony to have breakfast or dinner The area is 
17247	WHOLE NEW FLAT: SPACIOUS,VERY QUIET and BRIGHT  Very close to St Lazare Station (150m) This charming flat is located on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a typical Haussmann-style building in a calm and peaceful street of the 8th arrondissement of Paris.  It is located in a classy neighborhood animated by the numerous restaurants and parisian bistrots. -Thanks to the new A/C unit we installed the apartment stays very fresh, even during the hottest summer of Paris. * The apartment features a great window displaying a charming typically Parisian calm court. It is a very enjoyable, romantic and fully functional apartment. ALL the equipment and furnitures are BRAND NEW! The decoration is sophisticated and meticulous. The bedroom features a great bed for 2 people and a very comfortable convertible couch for 2 people is located in the living room. This allows to host 4 people with all comfort. * The apartment contains: - A LIVING ROOM : Great window, convertible couch, coffee table, dinner ta	Whole new 45m² apartment, cosy, quiet and secure In the heart of Paris 8th: CLASSY AND LIVELY AREA IN PARIS. 15min WALK AWAY from MONTMARTRE or OPERA GALERIES-LAFAYETTE ! 150m GARE St LAZARE >> Quick & easy access to all the best sightseeings ! WHOLE NEW FLAT: SPACIOUS,VERY QUIET and BRIGHT  Very close to St Lazare Station (150m) This charming flat is located on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a typical Haussmann-style building in a calm and peaceful street of the 8th arrondissement of Paris.  It is located in a classy neighborhood animated by the numerous restaurants and parisian bistrots. -Thanks to the new A/C unit we installed the apartment stays very fresh, even during the hottest summer of Paris. * The apartment features a great window displaying a charming typically Parisian calm court. It is a very enjoyable, romantic and fully functional apartment. ALL the equipment and furnitures are BRAND NEW! The decoration is sophisticated and meticulous. The bedroom features a great bed 
17248		Appartement au 1er étage tres calme sur cour rue perpendiculaire aux Champs Elysées meublé style Louis Philippe 3 Television Internet . Une chambre, salle à manger et bureau, cuisine , salle de bain. Disponible juillet, aout 2014.
17249		Close to Arc de Triomphe & Poncelet Market Ideally located to visit Paris Perfect for 2 guests, max 4. Stay: min 3 nights  - for 7nights,1offered! - A fully-equiped kitchen: microwave, electric-oven,  Nespresso coffee maker, toaster - 1double bed, 1sofa-bed - Bathroom: bathtub, hairdyer, wash&dry machine   Unlimited high-speed internet
17250	Notre logement est un duplex de charme, très lumineux, très spacieux et surtout très bien placé !! 	Bonjour, Nous vous proposons notre duplex pour passer quelques jours dans la plus belle ville du monde. Il est parfaitement situé a 50m du métro villiers. A pied, il est a 10min de Saint-lazare.  A proximité immédiate de toutes les commodités. Notre logement est un duplex de charme, très lumineux, très spacieux et surtout très bien placé !!  Tout sauf les endroits  Bonjour, je suis très disponible par email et je vous garantie un délai de réponse de quelques dizaine de minutes. Je suis aussi joignable sur mon téléphone portable.  Quartier de Villiers (8eme) très charmant. A deux pas de toutes les commodités, vous y trouverez tout le nécessaire pour y passer un très agréable week-end  A 50 mètres du métro villiers (ligne 2 et 3) et à 10 minutes à pied de Saint-lazare (ligne (phone number hidden)). Station velib et auto-lib a 100 metres. bus ligne 30 a 100m Une question ? N'hésiter pas à nous contacter pour tout renseignement complémentaire. 
17251	Small but adorable, very calm independant bedroom with a view to the famous Eiffel Tour ! It's nice location if you want to spend few days in Paris and visit the city, 1 minute from Champs Elysées, shops, museum, restaurants, attractive areas. Ideal for a short-term accomodation. Capsule boutique hotel room in central Paris. Double real bed 190x140, large modern shower. Additional common features is towels and soap. It is located in a beautiful Parisian Haussmaniann building.  Luxury, autenthic and safe building with a doorman who can take care of your messages. I'm sure you'll enjoy to stay at home. Have a nice time in Paris.	Small room with Eiffel Tower vue, calm, charm... Spend a romantic night in Paris ! Small but adorable, very calm independant bedroom with a view to the famous Eiffel Tour ! It's nice location if you want to spend few days in Paris and visit the city, 1 minute from Champs Elysées, shops, museum, restaurants, attractive areas. Ideal for a short-term accomodation. Capsule boutique hotel room in central Paris. Double real bed 190x140, large modern shower. Additional common features is towels and soap. It is located in a beautiful Parisian Haussmaniann building.  Luxury, autenthic and safe building with a doorman who can take care of your messages. I'm sure you'll enjoy to stay at home. Have a nice time in Paris. You have your intimity in your private space 4th floor, but don't hesitate to come by our appartement 1st floor, to play piano or to have some help concerning good places to visit Paris. My husband and I could help you to make your travel a very nice moment. Don't hesitate to conta
17252	Here you find a lovely parisian style flat, in the heart of Paris XVII. Close from the Parc Monceau, Champs Eylsées and Arc de Triomphe (20 min walking) on the one hand and Pigalle, Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur (20 min walking) on the other hand, you will enjoy a very good location.  For commodities you will find line 2 and 3 at less than 5 min walking, supermarket, and a very traditionnal outside market every week ends. The flat itself is very comfortable and calm with two double bed room, bathroom, kitchen and a living room. It's possible to rent one room an to share the apartment with my flatmate (a nice guy, 24 years old, working all day) All in the typicall parisian style with high ceiling, old fireplaces and parquet	Here you find a lovely parisian style flat, in the heart of Paris XVII. Close from the Parc Monceau, Champs Eylsées and Arc de Triomphe (20 min walking) on the one hand and Pigalle, Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur (20 min walking) on the other hand, you will enjoy a very good location.  For commodities you will find line 2 and 3 at less than 5 min walking, supermarket, and a very traditionnal outside market every week ends. The flat itself is very comfortable and calm with two double bed room, bathroom, kitchen and a living room. It's possible to rent one room an to share the apartment with my flatmate (a nice guy, 24 years old, working all day) All in the typicall parisian style with high ceiling, old fireplaces and parquet
17253		Sunny, fully furnished studio, perfect for a weekend getaway in Paris. Located in the heart of the city, in close vicinity to major tourist attractions, as well as easy access to local hangout spots - just ask for tips !
17254	Our modern apartment is on the 5th floor (with elevator) has been recently totally renovated. It measures 110m² You'll find all commodities in our neighborhood and everything can be done by walking - bakery (1 min walking distance) - butcher (1 min) - grocery (3 min) - metro (Villiers, Rome or Eurpe - 3 min) - park (Monceau - 5 min) On top, it is ideally located to visit Paris - Grands Magasins Lafayette & Printemps - 10 min walking - Place de la Madeleine & Fb St Honoré - 15 min - Champs Elysées - 20 min Regarding transportation, the closest metro station is Villiers (lines 2 and 3) but you can also quickly access to Rome and Europe metro station. You are also 5 min away from the train station Saint Lazare (lines 3, 12, 13  RER E; Trains SNCF) There is a small balcony. The main living room is 45m² and includes a kitchen fully equipped. There are 3 nice bedrooms: - one of 17m² with a bed (160 x 200 cm) - one of 15m² with a baby bed and a junior bed (up to 6 years old)  - one of 12 m² w	3 bedrooms flat  - adapted for kids and babies, with luminous living room in the center of Paris - Metro Station Villiers, Rome and Europe - convience stores (bakery, fresh market, butcher,...) walking distance       Our modern apartment is on the 5th floor (with elevator) has been recently totally renovated. It measures 110m² You'll find all commodities in our neighborhood and everything can be done by walking - bakery (1 min walking distance) - butcher (1 min) - grocery (3 min) - metro (Villiers, Rome or Eurpe - 3 min) - park (Monceau - 5 min) On top, it is ideally located to visit Paris - Grands Magasins Lafayette & Printemps - 10 min walking - Place de la Madeleine & Fb St Honoré - 15 min - Champs Elysées - 20 min Regarding transportation, the closest metro station is Villiers (lines 2 and 3) but you can also quickly access to Rome and Europe metro station. You are also 5 min away from the train station Saint Lazare (lines 3, 12, 13  RER E; Trains SNCF) There is a small balcony. Th
17255	The apartment is located on the 4th floor with elevator of a luxury building. You have a living room with a sofa bed with a very comfortable bed, decorated as a sofa bed, a closet, , a coffee table, a dining table with chairs, a design  TV unit with a flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. Kitchen,  integrated in the living room,  is beautiful. It includes all the appliances you want, with, in particular, an electric oven, a dishwasher and a washer dryer. Varied dishes and cooking ustensiles are provided to you The bedroom overlooks a quiet street. . It consists of a large  double bed able to be separated into 2 single beds,  Bedside tables and a large closet  The bathroom has a  shower cabin, washbasin and toilets Air conditioning, central heating through the building,  A wooden flooring covers the apartment 	Right in area Champs Elysees, 2 steps from place Charles de Gaulle, Etoile , luxury apartment, very quiet, up to 5 people The apartment is located on the 4th floor with elevator of a luxury building. You have a living room with a sofa bed with a very comfortable bed, decorated as a sofa bed, a closet, , a coffee table, a dining table with chairs, a design  TV unit with a flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. Kitchen,  integrated in the living room,  is beautiful. It includes all the appliances you want, with, in particular, an electric oven, a dishwasher and a washer dryer. Varied dishes and cooking ustensiles are provided to you The bedroom overlooks a quiet street. . It consists of a large  double bed able to be separated into 2 single beds,  Bedside tables and a large closet  The bathroom has a  shower cabin, washbasin and toilets Air conditioning, central heating through the building,  A wooden flooring covers the apartment The  
17256	Located on the 6th floor of an old building, the apartment has been entirely renovated with an attention to details. The white floor, white walls and white tiles make it very light. The living area is open plan. Custom-made kitchen cupboards and shelves in OSB provide character, and hide the washing machine, dishwasher, and fridge/freezer. The custom-built couch by the dining table can be used as a bed for one person. The bedroom contains a double bed (180*200), as well as plenty of cupboard space for clothes. The apartment features two balconies; I would sometimes eat breakfast on my balcony in the mornings.	A beautiful and light apartment, to be loved! Situated between Sacre Coeur and the Arc de Trimphe, when you are looking out from the balcony you will feel like a true Parisian and not just a tourist passing through. Located on the 6th floor of an old building, the apartment has been entirely renovated with an attention to details. The white floor, white walls and white tiles make it very light. The living area is open plan. Custom-made kitchen cupboards and shelves in OSB provide character, and hide the washing machine, dishwasher, and fridge/freezer. The custom-built couch by the dining table can be used as a bed for one person. The bedroom contains a double bed (180*200), as well as plenty of cupboard space for clothes. The apartment features two balconies; I would sometimes eat breakfast on my balcony in the mornings. The entire apartment will be at your disposal. If you drew a line from the Sacre Coeur to the Arc de Triomphe, my appartment would be right in the middle. This is a qu
17257	Welcome to my apartment!!! This apartment is on the top floor of a great Haussmann building with a large lift. You will be spending your time in Paris in my beautiful One Bedroom apartment (plus pull out sleeping couch) with a spacious living room, kitchen and bedroom. Great for singles, couples and groups. Stay here and get around Paris with ease. Effel tower, Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, and all the cool shops and restaurants of west of Paris are all at your fingertips. Park Monceau ( fantastic for jogging) is a short train ride away! You'll be staying in the heart of the 8ème ; Be in the coolest and most convenient neighborhood. I will do everything to make your stay convenient, fun, and relaxing.  This place cannot be more quiet and bright with a large view on the effel tower. 1 bedroom + pull out couch can easily accommodate 4 people The Amenities include: * 100% private apartment all to yourself! * 7 minutes far away from the Subway  * Free WiFi (super fast internet!) * Flat 	Welcome to my apartment!!! This apartment is on the top floor of a great Haussmann building with a large lift. You will be spending your time in Paris in my beautiful One Bedroom apartment (plus pull out sleeping couch) with a spacious living room, kitchen and bedroom. Great for singles, couples and groups. Stay here and get around Paris with ease. Effel tower, Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, and all the cool shops and restaurants of west of Paris are all at your fingertips. Park Monceau ( fantastic for jogging) is a short train ride away! You'll be staying in the heart of the 8ème ; Be in the coolest and most convenient neighborhood. I will do everything to make your stay convenient, fun, and relaxing.  This place cannot be more quiet and bright with a large view on the effel tower. 1 bedroom + pull out couch can easily accommodate 4 people The Amenities include: * 100% private apartment all to yourself! * 7 minutes far away from the Subway  * Free WiFi (super fast internet!) * Flat 
17258	Welcome you all! I will be glad to welcome you in my cosy apartment during your next trip in Paris. Perfect place for your romantic stay in the heart of the capital, you’ll spend some wonderful moments on the Parisians rooftops with a beautiful view on the Eiffel and Montparnasse towers. A 7th floor studio flat. All furnished with a comfy sofabed, wifi, stereo, full kitchen with washing machine, baking sheets, electric kettles boiling, dishes… Separated bathroom and toilets, with a large shower.   The apt is located in the 17th, a really peaceful environment, in a secure building.   Access: a five-minutes walk from the metro (Line 2 Courcelles or line 3 Wagram) and bus stops. Enjoy some walks or jogging at the closed Monceau park A five-minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe and twenty-minutes walk from the Champs Elysées.   Metro and Paris maps furnished.   Hope to hear from you soon and please contact me of you need any further information. See you soon	Welcome you all! I will be glad to welcome you in my cosy apartment during your next trip in Paris. Perfect place for your romantic stay in the heart of the capital, you’ll spend some wonderful moments on the Parisians rooftops with a beautiful view on the Eiffel and Montparnasse towers. A 7th floor studio flat. All furnished with a comfy sofabed, wifi, stereo, full kitchen with washing machine, baking sheets, electric kettles boiling, dishes… Separated bathroom and toilets, with a large shower.   The apt is located in the 17th, a really peaceful environment, in a secure building.   Access: a five-minutes walk from the metro (Line 2 Courcelles or line 3 Wagram) and bus stops. Enjoy some walks or jogging at the closed Monceau park A five-minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe and twenty-minutes walk from the Champs Elysées.   Metro and Paris maps furnished.   Hope to hear from you soon and please contact me of you need any further information. See you soon
17259		In the heart of 8th arrondissement, this quiet flat is a 5 minute walk from Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. Nearest metro is George V or Charles de Gaulle Étoile.
17260	A completed renovated apartment in the eight district with a very comfortable sofa bed for two  is waiting for you.	Welcome to the really typical Paris apartment, completely renovated, 10 minutes walking to the renowned Champs Elysees avenue, the National Opera House and 15 to Moulin Rouge, full equipe internet also included. Waiting for you to enjoy Paris! A completed renovated apartment in the eight district with a very comfortable sofa bed for two  is waiting for you. You can use the american kitchen with all the equipement (microwave and fridge), you can also enjoy the very spacious and fully-fitted bathroom (hairdryer, towels, gel and shampoo included). Internet wi-fi available in all the apartment. I'll be very pleased to answer any of your questions and requests about Paris. It is a great pleasure to welcome you in my house. The eighth is one of the most beautiful districts of Paris, quiet district and close to all the tourist spots. 10 min walking to Champs Elysees and National Opera, 15 min to the historical Moulin Rouge and Pigalle district, 20 min to the Tuileries Garden and Louvre Museum
17261	Our 2-room apartment is right in the Paris vibe, but quiet.  Cosy home and funky area. Parisian style building and hip decoration. Fully equipped and close to every single access you will need.  Do you really want to feel the Paris heart beat in a bright, quite and fully equipped apartment? Well this is your place to stay. Our 58m2 apartment is the best location you can get. Situated right 40m off Champs Elysees right in the heart of all the Parisian vibe. With two metro stations just hundred meters away and a night life of 24/7 , with endless choices for restaurants, cafes, starbucks, bistros, cinemas , just around the corner...  The building is a 1800th century currently renovated building –surprisingly new- for a Paris apartment!  Actually the elevator is up to the  5th floor -and you get to have the top apartment in the 6th floor. Completely quite, currently renovated. With a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom, a toilet –parisian houses have this separately- & a fully equipped kitc	Our 2-room apartment is right in the Paris vibe, but quiet.  Cosy home and funky area. Parisian style building and hip decoration. Fully equipped and close to every single access you will need.  Do you really want to feel the Paris heart beat in a bright, quite and fully equipped apartment? Well this is your place to stay. Our 58m2 apartment is the best location you can get. Situated right 40m off Champs Elysees right in the heart of all the Parisian vibe. With two metro stations just hundred meters away and a night life of 24/7 , with endless choices for restaurants, cafes, starbucks, bistros, cinemas , just around the corner...  The building is a 1800th century currently renovated building –surprisingly new- for a Paris apartment!  Actually the elevator is up to the  5th floor -and you get to have the top apartment in the 6th floor. Completely quite, currently renovated. With a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom, a toilet –parisian houses have this separately- & a fully equipped kitc
17262		A few hundred feet from the Champs-Élysées, our appartment is on a high floor, with sunlight all day and elevator. It is 37m², with one bedroom and an attached bathroom. On the other side, an open kitchen and a living room with convertible sofa-bed. Métro 9, Saint-Phillipe du Roule Métro 1, Georges V RER A, Charles De Gaulle Étoile, closed in August for works
17263	This a typical tradionnal flat that Will enable you to expérience your stay in Paris as fini you were living here.	In a real traditionnal parisiand flat, ideally located in the 8th district of Paris.  1 min away from Les Batignolles and 7 mins from Monmartre.  Full of small shops and restaurants with nice terraces, Batignoles is one of the nicest area in Paris.
17264	PARIS - CHAMPS ELYSÉES  - APARTMENT (65sqm) @ 100 METERS (only) FROM THE ARC OF TRIUMPH  (ARC DE TRIOMPHE) !!!  - BEAUTIFUL & VERY CLEAR APARTMENT   Very nice apartment street Faubourg St Honoré (very chic district of Paris / 75008), very light and quiet (we hear the birds), no smoking, functionnal and fully equipped with free wifi. It's at 100 meters from The Arc de Triomphe and The Place de l'Etoile (see the map) ; at 100 meters from fabulous & very chic The Monceau Park ;  at 30 meters from very famous Royal Monceau Palace (*****) ; at 5 minutes (not a long distance) from The Champs Elysées Avenue (with 10 cinéma, théatres, Virgin, Louis Vuitton, Fouquet's restaurant, many other restaurants, bars, shops & commercial centers for shopping …) ; 10 minutes The Montaigne Avenue ; 5 minutes from the French President House and Ministers ; 10 minutes from The Place de la Concorde, The Grand Palais, The Jardin des Tuilerie, The Louvre Museum, The Orsay Museum ... ;  at 20 minutes from Le Mar	PARIS - CHAMPS ELYSÉES  - APARTMENT (65sqm) @ 100 METERS (only) FROM THE ARC OF TRIUMPH  (ARC DE TRIOMPHE) !!!  - BEAUTIFUL & VERY CLEAR APARTMENT   Very nice apartment street Faubourg St Honoré (very chic district of Paris / 75008), very light and quiet (we hear the birds), no smoking, functionnal and fully equipped with free wifi. It's at 100 meters from The Arc de Triomphe and The Place de l'Etoile (see the map) ; at 100 meters from fabulous & very chic The Monceau Park ;  at 30 meters from very famous Royal Monceau Palace (*****) ; at 5 minutes (not a long distance) from The Champs Elysées Avenue (with 10 cinéma, théatres, Virgin, Louis Vuitton, Fouquet's restaurant, many other restaurants, bars, shops & commercial centers for shopping …) ; 10 minutes The Montaigne Avenue ; 5 minutes from the French President House and Ministers ; 10 minutes from The Place de la Concorde, The Grand Palais, The Jardin des Tuilerie, The Louvre Museum, The Orsay Museum ... ;  at 20 minutes from Le Mar
17265	Very quiet.  You have a courtyard on each side of the apartment.  Just two blocks from the Champs Elysees - right in the heart of the 8th!	Beautiful one-bedroom apartment located two blocks off the Champs Elysees.  On an inside court - very quiet despite being in the heart of the city and the 8th arrondissement.   Very quiet.  You have a courtyard on each side of the apartment.  Just two blocks from the Champs Elysees - right in the heart of the 8th! By email only. Cafes, restaurants, Champs Elysees and easy access to the rest of Paris. Subway line #1 two blocks away.   Apartment is meant only for two people.  No extra guests.  The sofa is not meant to be a sleeper.  Really - only two people maximum.
17266	Staying on Champs-Elysées avenue is something so magic. On the most famous avenue of the world, you will find numerous sightseeings, stores and restaurants as l arch de Triumph, the Lido, the restaurant Fouquet, Grand Palais museum, etc. This furnished apartment is in a safe and luxury building with a lift. It has been totaly renovated in a modern, cosy  and parisian loft style.  you ll love staying here with your family or friends This luxury appartment consists of : 1 living room with Tv Cable, 1 dining room, 1 fully equipped kitchen with a bar counter, 1 bedroom with  a queen size bed ,wardrobe, and TV, and ensuite shower room, 1 bedroom with  a queen size bed ,wardrobe, and TV,  1 bedroom with  a queen size bed ,wardrobe, 1 bathroom with 2 wash basins and a bath tub, 1 toilet. P.S: The apartment is on the 5th floor, however the elevator only reach until the 4th floor, there is one more floor without elevator. THE LATEST CHECK-IN TIME IS AT 20:00 (8pm)	Staying on Champs-Elysées avenue is something so magic. On the most famous avenue of the world, you will find numerous sightseeings, stores and restaurants as l arch de Triumph, the Lido, the restaurant Fouquet, Grand Palais museum, etc. This furnished apartment is in a safe and luxury building with a lift. It has been totaly renovated in a modern, cosy  and parisian loft style.  you ll love staying here with your family or friends This luxury appartment consists of : 1 living room with Tv Cable, 1 dining room, 1 fully equipped kitchen with a bar counter, 1 bedroom with  a queen size bed ,wardrobe, and TV, and ensuite shower room, 1 bedroom with  a queen size bed ,wardrobe, and TV,  1 bedroom with  a queen size bed ,wardrobe, 1 bathroom with 2 wash basins and a bath tub, 1 toilet. P.S: The apartment is on the 5th floor, however the elevator only reach until the 4th floor, there is one more floor without elevator. THE LATEST CHECK-IN TIME IS AT 20:00 (8pm)
17267	Appartement complet à la location. Vaste entrée, cuisine entièrement équipée, grand salon avec TV et wifi, 2 chambres indépendantes avec lit double, 2 wc dont 1 hors salle de bain. Draps et serviettes inclus.	Appartement complet à la location. Vaste entrée, cuisine entièrement équipée, grand salon avec TV et wifi, 2 chambres indépendantes avec lit double, 2 wc dont 1 hors salle de bain. Draps et serviettes inclus. Dans cuisine lave-vaisselle, lave-linge-séchant, four et micro-ondes. Immeuble grand standing situé face au Parc Monceau et à 5 mn à pied des Champs Elysées. Près des musées Jacquemart -André, JJ Henner, Cernuschi. Parc Monceau de plus de 8 ha accessible à tous. A 10 mn des grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann, de l'Opéra (4 stations de métro). Arrêt de bus au pied de l'appartement et station métro Courcelles à 100 m.
17268		This cozy,quiet room with a small balcony and a view of the Eiffel Tower is the perfect place to take breathe after a long day of exploring Paris. In addition is the center of Paris so You don't have to use the subway for visit the main attractions !
17269	This charming calm little studio includes a sofa bed for 2, a kitchen place with fridge, oven and a hob, a little bathroom, a washer-dryer, toilet separated and Wi-fi connection. Bed sheets, covers and towels are provided. You will also find a kit of arrival (shower gel, shampoo, coffee, tea, toilet paper, lye ...)	Come and discover Paris settling down in this lovely studio, perfectly located, 50m away from Le Palais de l'Elysée, 8th district.  5mns walk to Les Champs Elysées (Grand Palais) and Madelein, 10mns to La Concorde, St Lazare, surrounded by 3 metro stations and 6 lines This charming calm little studio includes a sofa bed for 2, a kitchen place with fridge, oven and a hob, a little bathroom, a washer-dryer, toilet separated and Wi-fi connection. Bed sheets, covers and towels are provided. You will also find a kit of arrival (shower gel, shampoo, coffee, tea, toilet paper, lye ...) You will have the full use of the studio during your whole stay. Once you have booked the apt, we stay in touch by email (or airbnb messages if you prefer). I always send you by email the adress, my cellnumber, an explanation on how to get to the apt by transport, a subway map, check in / out instructions... You ll find in the apt a folder with local infos, wifi password, apt instruction, local map... Feel free
17270	In the heart of the very chic 8th arrondissement of Paris, welcome to my humble but nevertheless fantastic studio! Your neighbor will be no one else than the President of the French Republic! Yes, indeed! You will appreciate for sure its balcony with a view on the Parisian roofs and the majestic Eiffel Tower. With its sofa-bed, it is perfectly equipped kitchen, and its bathroom area, the place is ideal to spend a few days between the Champs-Elysées and the Boulevard Haussmann.	"Two steps away from the Presidential Palais de l’Elysée, the Champs-Elysées, la Madeleine and Concorde, here you are in one of the chicest and safest area of Paris. Welcome to my charming and bright studio, ideal for a business or romantic stay ! In the heart of the very chic 8th arrondissement of Paris, welcome to my humble but nevertheless fantastic studio! Your neighbor will be no one else than the President of the French Republic! Yes, indeed! You will appreciate for sure its balcony with a view on the Parisian roofs and the majestic Eiffel Tower. With its sofa-bed, it is perfectly equipped kitchen, and its bathroom area, the place is ideal to spend a few days between the Champs-Elysées and the Boulevard Haussmann. Please note the flat is located on the fifth floor without a lift. But a bit of sports is always good isn't it ?   You’ll have exclusive access to the totality of the studio. ""A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when yo"
17271	Welcome in my charming and cosy 2-rooms appartment (38m2)! Ideally located, 1 minute by feet from the metro, my appartment is situated in an Haussmanien building in a lively street. It is at the same time a really quiet and light appartment because it has 3 different expositions all giving in a quiet yard. There are two codes to enter in the building. There is also a house keeper in case of emergency. II's fully furnished with:  - a bedroom with a double bed - a living room  - a bathroom with shower  - a furnished kitchen : oven, microwave, washing machines (clothes and dishes), Nespresso machine... and everything you need for cooking  -Wifi  -Iron  -Bed sheets and towels furnished The area is very safe and lively. It is full of nice cafés, restaurants and bars, I’ll be happy to give you advice about the best places.  All commodities just outside the buiding: lots of bakeries, supermarkets...  Transports :  Subways : Villiers (line 2 and 3) is 1 minute walking. It will lead you very ea	Welcome in my charming and cosy 2-rooms appartment (38m2)! Ideally located, 1 minute by feet from the metro, my appartment is situated in an Haussmanien building in a lively street. It is at the same time a really quiet and light appartment because it has 3 different expositions all giving in a quiet yard. There are two codes to enter in the building. There is also a house keeper in case of emergency. II's fully furnished with:  - a bedroom with a double bed - a living room  - a bathroom with shower  - a furnished kitchen : oven, microwave, washing machines (clothes and dishes), Nespresso machine... and everything you need for cooking  -Wifi  -Iron  -Bed sheets and towels furnished The area is very safe and lively. It is full of nice cafés, restaurants and bars, I’ll be happy to give you advice about the best places.  All commodities just outside the buiding: lots of bakeries, supermarkets...  Transports :  Subways : Villiers (line 2 and 3) is 1 minute walking. It will lead you very ea
17272	Avec un emplacement idéal, vous pourrez séjour	Located near Place de Clichy in the 9th, this little studio of 30 square meters will make you happy with a living room, a full , une salle d’eau avec WC ainsi qu’une chambre à l’étage. Idéal pour visiter, sortir ou travailler à Paris!    I am available 24 hours a day if you need any advices before and during your stay! This district is a lively neighborhood with many little shops and nice restaurants.  The apartment is located near Montmartre (15 minutes by foot) and near the Boulevard Haussmann (15 minutes by foot). Metro station: Place de Clichy (Lines 2 and 13) Closest train station: Gare Saint-Lazare
17273	Right in the heart of Paris, a safe heaven under roofs which can welcome up to 4 people, in a spacious and comfortable way. All the public transportation nearby (St LAZARE, RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) Opéra / Auber, Subway Havre-Caumartin, Bus, direct and easy access for airports and train stations, Paris'bikes 'Vélib'), an ideal situation to discover Paris or to work on it.  Within 10 mn on foot: galleries Lafayettes and Spring, Garden of the Tuileries and Musée du Louvre, Garnier Opera, Theaters, Cinemas, places(squares) Concorde and Vendôme, Church of Madeleine and saint Augustin, numerous restaurants, convenience stores.	Welcome in Paris! Ideally situated, this apartment is a bubble of tranquillity for 2 to 4 people. 10 / 20min close to all the districts on foot or in transport. Bright space, decorated tastefully and with simplicity under the roofs of Paris...enjoy ! Right in the heart of Paris, a safe heaven under roofs which can welcome up to 4 people, in a spacious and comfortable way. All the public transportation nearby (St LAZARE, RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) Opéra / Auber, Subway Havre-Caumartin, Bus, direct and easy access for airports and train stations, Paris'bikes 'Vélib'), an ideal situation to discover Paris or to work on it.  Within 10 mn on foot: galleries Lafayettes and Spring, Garden of the Tuileries and Musée du Louvre, Garnier Opera, Theaters, Cinemas, places(squares) Concorde and Vendôme, Church of Madeleine and saint Augustin, numerous restaurants, convenience stores. Our duplex apartment under the roofs includes: - at the 1st level, a big living room, with a convertible space int
17274	A Parisian classic with high ceilings, parquetry floors and large windows overlooking the coutyard. Located on the ground floor, so access is easy and there are no stairs to climb! Help yourself to the fully equiped kitchen. This is my home too so I like to keep the place open, airy, clean and tidy. Basically a welcoming, beautiful space to call home.	Haussman style apartment with large private bedroom is perfectly suited to the visiting traveller or a mid-term stay. In the very chic 8th arrondisement, Opera Garnier, Galeries Lafayette and St Lazare station are a short walk away. A Parisian classic with high ceilings, parquetry floors and large windows overlooking the coutyard. Located on the ground floor, so access is easy and there are no stairs to climb! Help yourself to the fully equiped kitchen. This is my home too so I like to keep the place open, airy, clean and tidy. Basically a welcoming, beautiful space to call home. The apartment is shared with Jody. Living area, kitchen and bathroom are shared. Guests get their their own private bedroom in a quiet part of the apartment. I am very friendly and like to say hello, have a chat and share my vast knowledge about Paris. Feel free to practise whatever French you know!  I work during the day and often go away weekends so chances are you will have the apartment to yourself. The ap
17275	The living room is very spacious with a sofa bed, and you will find a queen size bed in the bedroom. Being located in the yard, on the 1st floor), that flat is very calm and you will enjoy a peaceful moment and the possibility to spend friendly moments, but not too too noisy either ;)	Hello everyone, this fully furnished living space with up to four sleeping places is located in one of the most prestigious place in Paris, less than 3 minutes walking from the famous Champs-Elysées. The living room is very spacious with a sofa bed, and you will find a queen size bed in the bedroom. Being located in the yard, on the 1st floor), that flat is very calm and you will enjoy a peaceful moment and the possibility to spend friendly moments, but not too too noisy either ;) Will be at your disposal : - High speed WiFi connexion - A big TV with international channels - A printer (so no worries if you forget to print your return plane ticket) - Playstation 3 (I consider hide it in a box though, you better enjoy the wonders of Paris) - Washing/Drying machine - A dishwasher - A little multifunctional oven (which is also a microwave oven, with many many buttons on it : if you get how it works (I don't) 10€ discount for you. Bravobravo) - Coffee machine Nespresso, what else ? - Electr
17276	Typical 1850’s Parisian whole apartment, in the central and trendy area Madeleine. Many places around to have a drink and eat, good shops (shop area open on Sunday like le Marais) The appartement 20m2 (3th floor) has parquet floor. It has a living room with sofa, dinning table, couch, a bedroom (140x190), a bathroom room with bathdub and a well equipped kitchen.  The flat is very cosy and comfortable.  For sure you enter in a home ready to live: you don't need to take with you sheets, linen, hair dryer, washing machine, etc. and you don't need to buy oil, salt, sugar to survive! And for sure you are having the whole apt for you and you are not sharing it.  Hight speed Internet / Wi-Fi. 	This dream apartment is located in the center of Paris in a chic and famous area that combines amazing shopping spots, the main Parisian touristic sights (Concorde, Champs Elysées nearby) as well as beautiful green spaces Tuilleries Garden          Typical 1850’s Parisian whole apartment, in the central and trendy area Madeleine. Many places around to have a drink and eat, good shops (shop area open on Sunday like le Marais) The appartement 20m2 (3th floor) has parquet floor. It has a living room with sofa, dinning table, couch, a bedroom (140x190), a bathroom room with bathdub and a well equipped kitchen.  The flat is very cosy and comfortable.  For sure you enter in a home ready to live: you don't need to take with you sheets, linen, hair dryer, washing machine, etc. and you don't need to buy oil, salt, sugar to survive! And for sure you are having the whole apt for you and you are not sharing it.  Hight speed Internet / Wi-Fi.  More information on the location/ walking distances: Ma
17277	2nd floor with lift. Ideally located in the heart of Paris, only few minutes walk from the Seine and the Eiffel Tower, this flat offers a relaxing and comfortable stay in an elegant and typical Parisian ambiance.  The flat is fully equipped; new kitchen, TV, Wi-Fi and a private bathroom.	This apartment is at few steps from Champs Elysees!The parquet floor, ceiling moldings,  chimney  create a pure Parisian atmosphere  The kitchen is also brand new. 2nd floor with lift. Ideally located in the heart of Paris, only few minutes walk from the Seine and the Eiffel Tower, this flat offers a relaxing and comfortable stay in an elegant and typical Parisian ambiance.  The flat is fully equipped; new kitchen, TV, Wi-Fi and a private bathroom. WIFI Soft and fresh linens & towels Shampoo, coffee machine and other I am always  interacting with my guests The geographic location of the flat allows quick and easy access to the hot spots in Paris attractions ; Invalides and Champs Elysees, the Musée d'Orsay.  Metro station Saint-Philippe-du-Roule is at few meters walk from the house, making easy access to many other attractions of Paris. Metro station Saint-Philippe-du-Roule  The beds are comfortable and distributed in this way:  1 double bed in the main bedroom 1 double couch bed in th
17278	"Being a traveler myself, I try to provide you with a great accomodation and to help make your stay in Paris as great an experience as possible! The flat has been refursbished (walls have been painted, shower and bathroom re done completely during summer 2015) The flat, cosy and convenient, is 40m2 (420 sq ft.). The apartment is facing an interior courtyard, and is thus very quiet. The apartment has a  bedroom with a super comfortable bed for two (160cm large), as well as a pull-out sofa in the living-room part suitable for 2 people. (please note that the two are separated by a sliding door: my flat is a studio the size of a one bedroom flat - cf. pictures). The place thus fits up to 4 people cosily! It is fully renovated, with modern design and technology equipment. The flat is fully furnished, including a 40"" flat screen TV, dvd player (and a large selection of DVDs!), Wi-Fi, LAN Internet, etc. The kitchen is modern and equipped with a washing machine, a microwave, a kettle, a dishwas"	42sqm bright and fully furnished studio, sleeping 4. Located in the heart of Paris, in a secure area, within walking distance of many tourist spots, and very well connected to public transportation. After having rented my flat on Airbnb in 2013 and 2014, I have decided to invest in its refurbishment to offer you a better experience in 2015. I Hope you will like it! (new bathroom / shower, flat painting redone entirely, rearrangement) Do contact me if you have any question :) Being a traveler myself, I try to provide you with a great accomodation and to help make your stay in Paris as great an experience as possible! The flat has been refursbished (walls have been painted, shower and bathroom re done completely during summer 2015) The flat, cosy and convenient, is 40m2 (420 sq ft.). The apartment is facing an interior courtyard, and is thus very quiet. The apartment has a  bedroom with a super comfortable bed for two (160cm large), as well as a pull-out sofa in the living-room part suit
17279	Situé dans un très beau quartier au coeur de Paris.  Facilité de transport commun. Le studio est petit mais tout neuf et bien équipé. wifi, produit de base ( serviette, shampooing, sèche-cheveux), machine à café, frigo. Le quartier est au coeur de Paris, proche de tout, très commercial mais la petite rue reste très calme. En bas il y a une boulangerie, un tabac et de bons restaurants . Un grand Monoprix (supermaché) est à deux minutes en pied.  Metro Ligne 9 Saint Augustin. Metro Saint Lazare Ligne 3, Ligne 14, Ligne 12, Ligne 13.  Metro Ligne 9 Miromesnil. Station Vélib. 1) L'eau chaude est un peu limitée pour la douche de deux personnes dans le même moment. Conseil: prendre des douches à des horaires différents.  2) 5eme étage sans ascenseur. 	Un petit studio de 15m2 (grand lit, toilette, douche et kitchennete compris)  tout neuf situé dans le 8eme arrondissement de Paris, tout près de l'église Saint Augustin, parc Monceau et les grands Magasins. Situé dans un très beau quartier au coeur de Paris.  Facilité de transport commun. Le studio est petit mais tout neuf et bien équipé. wifi, produit de base ( serviette, shampooing, sèche-cheveux), machine à café, frigo. Le quartier est au coeur de Paris, proche de tout, très commercial mais la petite rue reste très calme. En bas il y a une boulangerie, un tabac et de bons restaurants . Un grand Monoprix (supermaché) est à deux minutes en pied.  Metro Ligne 9 Saint Augustin. Metro Saint Lazare Ligne 3, Ligne 14, Ligne 12, Ligne 13.  Metro Ligne 9 Miromesnil. Station Vélib. 1) L'eau chaude est un peu limitée pour la douche de deux personnes dans le même moment. Conseil: prendre des douches à des horaires différents.  2) 5eme étage sans ascenseur.  wifi, produit de base ( serviette, sh
17280	"This 22 sqm furnished studio is located on rue de ponthieu (i.e 50m from the Champs Elysées) on 2nd floor, no elevator. You'll get to the tube in 3mn with access to Line 1, 9  and 13. It consists of a living room, an open-plan kitchen and a bathroom with shower stall. It is fully equipped and provides high standards: - King-size bed (160x200cm) - TV 42"" + 150 channels - Internet connection with Wifi access - Micro-oven/Fridge/Cooking plates - Washing & Drying machine - Iron - Hair dryer and flat iron - Large closets"	"This 22 sqm furnished studio is located on rue de ponthieu (i.e 50m from the Champs Elysées) on 2nd floor, no elevator. You'll get to the tube in 3mn with access to Line 1, 9  and 13. It consists of a living room, an open-plan kitchen and a bathroom with shower stall. It is fully equipped and provides high standards: - King-size bed (160x200cm) - TV 42"" + 150 channels - Internet connection with Wifi access - Micro-oven/Fridge/Cooking plates - Washing & Drying machine - Iron - Hair dryer and flat iron - Large closets"
17281	 This delightful and tastefully decorated 20 square meters , Studio, apartment is located on rue du Colisee in the 8th arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, cable. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : security code, intercom, elevator. The Champs-Élysées: the capital's legendary avenue is the capital's most touristy area. You can't possibly visit Paris without taking in one of the most beautiful avenues in the world. Don’t pass up a chance to stay in one of the most emblematic districts of Paris! The excitement of the Champs-Élysées The famous Avenue des Champs-Élysées connects Place de la Concorde, where the majestic obelisk has pride of place, to the Arc de Triomphe in Place Charles-de-Gaulle. It is the main historic road in the west of Paris with gardens almos	This delightful and tastefully decorated 20 square meters , Studio, apartment is located on rue du Colisee in the 8th arrondissement, 60 meters from Champs Elysées !  This delightful and tastefully decorated 20 square meters , Studio, apartment is located on rue du Colisee in the 8th arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, cable. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : security code, intercom, elevator. The Champs-Élysées: the capital's legendary avenue is the capital's most touristy area. You can't possibly visit Paris without taking in one of the most beautiful avenues in the world. Don’t pass up a chance to stay in one of the most emblematic districts of Paris! The excitement of the Champs-Élysées The famous Avenue des Champs-Élysées connects Place de la Concorde, 
17282		Appartement de 40m2 avec une chambre (lit 2 places), une salle de bain avec baignoire, une cuisine américaine ouverte sur le salon, canapé d'angle et chaises style eames. Peut accueillir 2 personnes. Très bien placé, en plein cœur des Batignolles, ligne 2 et 13 à moins de 5 minutes. La cuisine et tous ses éléments, la salle de bain, des draps et des serviettes seront à votre disposition. Le quartier des Batignolles est un quartier où il fait bon vivre, une sorte de petite ville dans Paris où vous trouverez de nombreux Restos et bars.  Le square des Batignolles est à 5 minutes de marche, le parc monceau à 15 minutes.  Vous serez à 20 minutes de marche (ou 10 minutes en métro) de Montmartre. Ligne 2 à 5min de marche, stations Rome ou Place de Clichy Ligne 13 à 5 minutes de marche, station Place de Clichy  Ligne 3 à 10 minutes de marche, station Europe  Bus 66 direction opéra au pied de l'immeuble, en 10min à Opéra
17283		Appartement lumineux sans vis à vis  de 26 m2 sous les toits de Paris. Plus de photos, contactez moi.
17284		Appartement de 300m2 très haut standing à proximité du Parc Monceau, des Champs Elysées et de la place de l'Etoile.
17285	Located on the 3rd floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The double-glazed windows overlook a quiet courtyard. Even if the area is very safe, the apartment has an alarm system and a safe. This wonderful 75 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated and decorated in summer 2013. It has been furnished with nothing but top of the range pieces, all the equipments are brand new and have been carefully chosen to offer a maximum of comfort. It can sleep up to four guests in two separate bedrooms. The entrance corridor leads to the spacious main room. You will be amazed by the paintings, the sculptures, everything is its right place, lightings have been especially placed to enhance the beauty of the room.  The living area features a very comfortable angle couch, a coffee table, armchairs and a stereo with CD player and iPod / iPhone docks. The dining area features an beautiful dining table for six people. The master bedroom is 	You will simply love this wonderful 75 sqm 2-bedroom apartment, suitable for 4 people, two steps away from the Champs Elysées in Paris ! Contemporary, decorated with original art pieces, comfortable, it has everything you can expect from a high stand Located on the 3rd floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The double-glazed windows overlook a quiet courtyard. Even if the area is very safe, the apartment has an alarm system and a safe. This wonderful 75 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated and decorated in summer 2013. It has been furnished with nothing but top of the range pieces, all the equipments are brand new and have been carefully chosen to offer a maximum of comfort. It can sleep up to four guests in two separate bedrooms. The entrance corridor leads to the spacious main room. You will be amazed by the paintings, the sculptures, everything is its right place, lightings have been especially placed to enhance
17286	Dear guests,  Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat list. I hope you will enjoy to stay with us and we will do our best to help you to have a great Parisian experience. I'm very proud to introduce you this new flat between Opéra and Saint augustin area. The 8th district is a business area so there is many convenience shops, restaurants and all different kind of grocers. Closest métro is Saint Augustin Line (phone number hidden). There is a lot of buses too. (phone number hidden) Just 3m from Opéra and 15m from Louvre. Just 5m from Printemps and Galérie Lafayette (department stores) 6th floor with elevator 15min from champs elysees and arch of triumph. we are 40 seconds from the metro station. more the 10 bus lines, 2 subway lines, 1 RER.  Fully equipped just bought. we have everything you would need. Fresh linens,towels, wifi, tv, DVD, kitchen waves, coffee maker, hot water etc.. with Sofa bed of 140/200cm from Maison des convertible. it is really comfortable. please feel free to contact me 	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear guests,  Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat list. I hope you will enjoy to stay with us and we will do our best to help you to have a great Parisian experience. I'm very proud to introduce you this new flat between Opéra and Saint augustin area. The 8th district is a business area so there is many convenience shops, restaurants and all different kind of grocers. Closest métro is Saint Augustin Line (phone number hidden). There is a lot of buses too. (phone number hidden) Just 3m from Opéra and 15m from Louvre. Just 5m from Printemps and Galérie Lafayette (department stores) 6th floor with elevator 15min from champs elysees and arch of triumph. we are 40 seconds from the metro station. more the 10 bus lines, 2 subway lines, 1 RER.  Fully equipped just bought. we have everything you would nee
17287		Beautiful Family apartment In a typical Haussman style. Close to the Champs Elysées avenue, one of the most prestigious place in Paris. The Monceau park next to my place is perfect to walk around with kids and enjoy the parisian life. My apartment is located in a typical haussmann building.  You will have access to a wide living room  A large lobby  Large kitchen fully- equipped 5 bedrooms with 3 private bathrooms A lot of storage place   Nice balcony to enjoy Paris view You have free access to WIFI I grew up in Paris, I love this city! I'll be happy to share with you, give you some advice. If you need ideas of restaurants or other event, you can easily reach me. I would also be glad to advise you places that only real Parisians know ;) The apartment is located in one of the most prestigious area of Paris, near to Champs Elysées avenue. What I like about my neighborhood is that you have many bars and restaurants around and the streets are very clean and safe. The apartment is located c
17288	Deluxe furnished apartment newly renovated by architect. Ideal for bankers or lawyers. In the Heart of the Triangle d'or (champs Elysées area) Long description :  In the Heart of the famous rue du faubourg Saint Honoré Ideal for 1 or 2 persons (couple). Also available convertible sofa for eventual extra night. Very bright (windows in each room) and quiet  hardwood floors,  1 living room, 1 bedroom (double bed or twin beds) 1 bathroom (Shower) with toilets kitchen,  Large wallet extra sofa convertible bed in the living room Fully Fitted Kitchen  : Dishwasher Oven Refrigerator / Freezer Washer / Dryer Nespresso Coffee Machine Juicer, boiler… Interior Facilities: Bed Sheets Provided Linen Provided Cleaning twice a month (more frequently upon request) Huge wallet Internet  cable broadband  (included) Unlimited phone included (France and some countries) TV Set ( 2 LCD flat screen 32”) DVD Player Cable / Satellite Building Facilities : Secured Access 4th floor No elevator Guardian Courtyard 	Deluxe furnished apartment newly renovated by architect. Ideal for bankers or lawyers. In the Heart of the Triangle d'or (champs Elysées area) Long description :  In the Heart of the famous rue du faubourg Saint Honoré Ideal for 1 or 2 persons (couple). Also available convertible sofa for eventual extra night. Very bright (windows in each room) and quiet  hardwood floors,  1 living room, 1 bedroom (double bed or twin beds) 1 bathroom (Shower) with toilets kitchen,  Large wallet extra sofa convertible bed in the living room Fully Fitted Kitchen  : Dishwasher Oven Refrigerator / Freezer Washer / Dryer Nespresso Coffee Machine Juicer, boiler… Interior Facilities: Bed Sheets Provided Linen Provided Cleaning twice a month (more frequently upon request) Huge wallet Internet  cable broadband  (included) Unlimited phone included (France and some countries) TV Set ( 2 LCD flat screen 32”) DVD Player Cable / Satellite Building Facilities : Secured Access 4th floor No elevator Guardian Courtyard 
17289	En plein cœur de Paris, l'endroit est calme et paisible donnant sur un grand jardin sans vis à vis. Situé dans un hotel particulier, ce studio est très bien agencé et lumineux.	Studio confortable tout équipé calme et lumineux.  Idéal pour un couple ou personne seule. Situé en plein coeur de Paris, à côté de la gare Saint Lazare et de l'église Saint Augustin.  Machine à laver, WiFi, télévision, douche, grand lit +canapé lit En plein cœur de Paris, l'endroit est calme et paisible donnant sur un grand jardin sans vis à vis. Situé dans un hotel particulier, ce studio est très bien agencé et lumineux. Accès à tout l'appartement et équipements sauf au grand placard privé du salon. Je suis disponible et joignable par téléphone ou mail tout au long de votre séjour pour vous aider,  les échanges de clés se font sur place en fonction des possibilités. Très facile d'accès et bien desservi, la gare Saint Lazare se trouve en bas de la rue (à 3mn à pied) les nombreuses lignes de métro vous emmènent partout dans Paris. Proche des grands magasins parisiens: Printemps et Galeries Lafayette. A 15mn à pied des Champs Elysées. Quartier agréable avec restaurants et magasins diver
17290	Small and quiet apartment, in the very centre of Paris, near the Arc de Triomphe and La Place de la Concorde. The flat is on  the 6th  and top floor, with charming roof windows  with a view of the rooftops of Paris. There is a lift in the building. Bright and pleasant, the flat is decorated in a cozy, yet contemporary style. Earthy and warm tones. The main room includes a wooden desk, a couch and a bed with a view of the stars! The flat is equipped with wireless internet. There is an equipped kitchen with a washing machine, and a cute little breakfast bar facing the window. The bathroom includes a bathtub right next to another roof window bathing the bathroom in light. The location of the flat couldn't be better. Just  a short walk away from the world famous Champs Elysées, where you can find great restaurants, cafés and bars. Many museums and boutiques right around the corner. You can do everything on foot. No need to take the metro. 	Small and quiet apartment, in the very centre of Paris, near the Arc de Triomphe and La Place de la Concorde. The flat is on  the 6th  and top floor, with charming roof windows  with a view of the rooftops of Paris. There is a lift in the building. Bright and pleasant, the flat is decorated in a cozy, yet contemporary style. Earthy and warm tones. The main room includes a wooden desk, a couch and a bed with a view of the stars! The flat is equipped with wireless internet. There is an equipped kitchen with a washing machine, and a cute little breakfast bar facing the window. The bathroom includes a bathtub right next to another roof window bathing the bathroom in light. The location of the flat couldn't be better. Just  a short walk away from the world famous Champs Elysées, where you can find great restaurants, cafés and bars. Many museums and boutiques right around the corner. You can do everything on foot. No need to take the metro. 
17291		Beautiful flat in Paris center , district Batignolles , next to Pigalle , Place de L'Etoile ,Les  Champs Elysées , Sacrée coeur . very spacious and easy to access . This flat is ideal for families and groups who visits Paris .
17292	"Meublé de manière fonctionnelle mais aussi chaleureuse, cet appartement saura séduire les amateurs de ""l'esprit parisien""! Il est idéal pour un séjour au coeur de Paris au pied de grands monuments célèbres et  des grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps). Il permet d'accueillir 2 personnes. Il est équipé d'une petite cuisine (réfrigérateur-congélateur, plaques, machine à laver séchante, poêles, casseroles, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine), d'un vrai lit (avec draps, oreillers, couverture), d'une petite salle de bain (avec serviettes et sèche-cheveux) et de toilettes séparées.  Il y a également une télévision avec toutes les chaînes de la TNT et le wifi. Possibilité de louer des vidéos sur demande préalable. "	"Appartement typiquement parisien et plein de charme, idéal pour visiter les grands monuments parisiens: entre Madeleine et Saint Augustin, à 5 min à pied de la place de la Concorde et des Champs-Elysées! Sur cour, il est également très calme. Meublé de manière fonctionnelle mais aussi chaleureuse, cet appartement saura séduire les amateurs de ""l'esprit parisien""! Il est idéal pour un séjour au coeur de Paris au pied de grands monuments célèbres et  des grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps). Il permet d'accueillir 2 personnes. Il est équipé d'une petite cuisine (réfrigérateur-congélateur, plaques, machine à laver séchante, poêles, casseroles, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine), d'un vrai lit (avec draps, oreillers, couverture), d'une petite salle de bain (avec serviettes et sèche-cheveux) et de toilettes séparées.  Il y a également une télévision avec toutes les chaînes de la TNT et le wifi. Possibilité de louer des vidéos sur demande préalable. l’immeuble est équipé d’un dig"
17293		Studio situé dans un quartier très calme du 8ème ar, 5 minutes entre Saint Lazare et la station Villiers . Parc Monceau situé à 5 minutes à pied.  Panorama sur les toits de Paris, très lumineux le jour, donnant sur cours donc aucun bruit la nuit.
17294	Charming and cosy duplex in the 8th district of Paris. You will enjoy this friendly and welcoming place situated in a chic and calm district of the capital. The place to be! :) This 45m² apartment on the second floor with lift is 5 minutes away from Place de la Madeleine, a reputed place of Paris with luxury shops at your disposal.  There is a vast living room, modern and well decorated, this location is delightful, you will really enjoy your stay in it.  There is a bedroom with double bed, ravishing and suitable for couples.  In the living room, the sofa can be turned into a bed, so the flat can easily welcome 4 persons.  The kitchen is new and fully equiped with (micro wave, dishwasher, oven, fridge, coffee maker, teapot). As you will see on the pictures, it's a wonderful kitchen in which you will fully appreciate to cook. ;) In the bathroom, you will find a shower, towels, household linen, pillowcases, shampoo and shower gel are provided.  Situated in a calm and securised district o	Lovely and cosy Duplex in the 8th district of Paris. You will appreciate this friendly flat located in a chic and calm neighborhood of the capital. A place to be! Charming and cosy duplex in the 8th district of Paris. You will enjoy this friendly and welcoming place situated in a chic and calm district of the capital. The place to be! :) This 45m² apartment on the second floor with lift is 5 minutes away from Place de la Madeleine, a reputed place of Paris with luxury shops at your disposal.  There is a vast living room, modern and well decorated, this location is delightful, you will really enjoy your stay in it.  There is a bedroom with double bed, ravishing and suitable for couples.  In the living room, the sofa can be turned into a bed, so the flat can easily welcome 4 persons.  The kitchen is new and fully equiped with (micro wave, dishwasher, oven, fridge, coffee maker, teapot). As you will see on the pictures, it's a wonderful kitchen in which you will fully appreciate to cook. 
17295	Our apartment is based on the 4th floor (with an elevator). It comprises:  - large dining room and living room with all entertainment equipment,  - a fully equipped kitchen,  - 2 bedrooms: 1 bedroom with a king size bed and 1 bedroom with two single beds for children - 1 office room - A king size sofa bed in the living room - 2 bathrooms (one bath, one shower), - 1 toilet (separated from the bathrooms).	A spacious hausmannian flat (4th floor) in the heart of Paris, located in the St Philippe du Roule neighborhood, at 5 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. Ideal for families of 4 people. Our apartment is based on the 4th floor (with an elevator). It comprises:  - large dining room and living room with all entertainment equipment,  - a fully equipped kitchen,  - 2 bedrooms: 1 bedroom with a king size bed and 1 bedroom with two single beds for children - 1 office room - A king size sofa bed in the living room - 2 bathrooms (one bath, one shower), - 1 toilet (separated from the bathrooms). Linen & towels are provided. Equipment & amenities: TV, Music set, free wifi access, dishwasher, oven, cooking table and kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge, washing machine. We can be reached by phone and mail if necessary. Hello my future Friends! You can book now with a ***20% discount of entire stay*** !!! Just ask me all your questions at: julien11@óutlóok.cóm, just type the address manual wi
17296	Le charme de l’ancien haussmannien aux tonalités modernes Ternes/Arc de Triomphe ! Situé avenue des Ternes au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d’un bel immeuble parisien, notre appartement est de type Haussmannien intégralement refait pour le rendre à la fois agréable, confortable et fonctionnel. Appartement D’une superficie de 100m2, il se compose : - d’une belle pièce salon/salle à manger proposant un équipement complet (TV HD avec chaines Freebox et Canal +), connexion wifi, connexion Ipod/Iphone,… - d’une chambre parentale (lit double 2x90x200 articulé électriquement) qui donne sur l'avenue des Ternes, équipée de doubles fenêtres avec double vitrage, elle possède sa salle de douche italienne et double vasque attenante, - d’une deuxième grande chambre utilisée par notre fille de 10 ans qui donne sur une cour.  Cette chambre  peut accueillir des adultes grâce au lit double en mezzanine (140 cm) et au canapé lit situé en dessous qui peut soit accueillir un adulte (90cm) ou deux enfants lorsq	Le charme de l’ancien haussmannien aux tonalités modernes Ternes/Arc de Triomphe ! Situé avenue des Ternes au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d’un bel immeuble parisien, notre appartement est de type Haussmannien intégralement refait pour le rendre à la fois agréable, confortable et fonctionnel. Appartement D’une superficie de 100m2, il se compose : - d’une belle pièce salon/salle à manger proposant un équipement complet (TV HD avec chaines Freebox et Canal +), connexion wifi, connexion Ipod/Iphone,… - d’une chambre parentale (lit double 2x90x200 articulé électriquement) qui donne sur l'avenue des Ternes, équipée de doubles fenêtres avec double vitrage, elle possède sa salle de douche italienne et double vasque attenante, - d’une deuxième grande chambre utilisée par notre fille de 10 ans qui donne sur une cour.  Cette chambre  peut accueillir des adultes grâce au lit double en mezzanine (140 cm) et au canapé lit situé en dessous qui peut soit accueillir un adulte (90cm) ou deux enfants lorsq
17297	Very close to Gare St Lazare (100m), this lovely apartment is on the first floor of a typical Haussmann-style building in a quiet street of a great and lively neighborhood with everything you need. The apartment (28 m²) is very quiet, sunny and fresh with 3 windows for circulate air. Extremely functional, the big mezzanine double-bed is very comfortable and leaves all the space of the room available for a big desk, a sofa, an extra single-bed and for storage of your belongings. Up to 3 people can stay there with all the necessary comfort. The apartment consists of: *  A small ENTRANCE * A small KITCHEN FULLY EQUIPPED: (sink, stove, oven, microwave, kettle, fridge, dishwasher ...) * A LIVING AREA: big window, sofa, Coffee table, Sofa-Bed (1 person), TV... * A SPACE BEDROOM: Window on courtyard, Window on living-room, Mezzanine-Double-Bed, big Desk,  Storage-spaces … * A BATHROOM: Bath, Toilet, Sink, Storage, (Towels Soap, shampoo)	"""THE PLACE TO BE IN PARIS !"" In the heart of Paris 8th  (CHAMPS ELYSÉE-MONTMARTRE-OPÉRA) THE MOST CLASSY AND LIVELY AREA IN PARIS ! Whole new apartment, cosy, quiet and secure 200m From St Lazare: Quick & easy s access to all the best sightseeing Very close to Gare St Lazare (100m), this lovely apartment is on the first floor of a typical Haussmann-style building in a quiet street of a great and lively neighborhood with everything you need. The apartment (28 m²) is very quiet, sunny and fresh with 3 windows for circulate air. Extremely functional, the big mezzanine double-bed is very comfortable and leaves all the space of the room available for a big desk, a sofa, an extra single-bed and for storage of your belongings. Up to 3 people can stay there with all the necessary comfort. The apartment consists of: *  A small ENTRANCE * A small KITCHEN FULLY EQUIPPED: (sink, stove, oven, microwave, kettle, fridge, dishwasher ...) * A LIVING AREA: big window, sofa, Coffee table, Sofa-Bed (1 per"
17298	great location REFURBISHED WITH BEST MATERIALS very parisian style safe place next to arc de triomphe and Parc Monceau for jogging	Great refurbished  Parisian apartment Luxury decoration This splendid and exceptional 90 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on avenue Hoche in the 8th arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building great location REFURBISHED WITH BEST MATERIALS very parisian style safe place next to arc de triomphe and Parc Monceau for jogging full appartment with concierge check in and check out  possibility for regular cleaning and transfer to/from airport The quiet and elegant Parc Monceau district With its majestic avenues and its shady park, the Parc Monceau district is charming and perfect for families. If you are thinking of renting a furnished property in Paris for your next vacation, close from Poncelet for best food MARKET and many touristic places walking distance. metro / taxi / RER  AIr France bus stop nearby from AIRPORTS luxurious and clean
17299	Two large rooms. 3 large beds. Solid oak flooring. Heigh ceilings. Sophisticated and contemporary furniture. LCD 55’’ television and 5.1 sound system. Free internet and WiFi access. - First bedroom, quiet, view on internal courtyard. king size bed, solid wood walk-in closet.  Large en-suite bathroom with bathtub and shower, solid wood, radiators. - Second bedroom – quality sofa bed for 2 people – completely separate-   Separate en-suite bathroom to the second bedroom, equipped with shower and radiator. - A third possible bed for two other people in the Living Room, very comfortable, quality sofa. Separate WC.  Bright entrance, windows on internal courtyard, large mirrored cupboard. Corridor to bedrooms and kitchen. Secure access, 2 entry codes.  - one entry code to enter the building - one entry code with camera in the entrance hall - latest technology lock - First floor with lift. 	Situated in a Haussman building in the most prestigious area of Paris, this beautiful apartment offers complete top-of-the-range equipment, perfectly suited up to 6 guests.  Ideal for a Parisian stay.  The building and the lock are very secure. Located in a building Hausmann, this beautiful 100 M2 apartment offers quietness, comfort and security.  300 M from Champs-Elysées. Two large rooms. 3 large beds. 2 Bathrooms. Heigh ceilings. Contemporary style. Solid oak parquet. Equipped kitchen. Two large rooms. 3 large beds. Solid oak flooring. Heigh ceilings. Sophisticated and contemporary furniture. LCD 55’’ television and 5.1 sound system. Free internet and WiFi access. - First bedroom, quiet, view on internal courtyard. king size bed, solid wood walk-in closet.  Large en-suite bathroom with bathtub and shower, solid wood, radiators. - Second bedroom – quality sofa bed for 2 people – completely separate-   Separate en-suite bathroom to the second bedroom, equipped with shower and radiator
17300		Appartement situé au 41, rue de Londres, 75008 Paris. Au 1er étage de l'immeuble. En plein coeur de Paris, Station St Lazare avec des trains grandes lignes, métros, bus . A proximité des Champs Elysées et tour Eiffer.
17301	Welcome in the very heart of Paris, This beautiful apartment in the middle of Paris is losated rue Tronchet on the Place de la Madeleine. Not for from the Grands Magasins, the Champs Elysées, the Louvre Museum and the Tuilerie Garden.  The Place de la Madeleine became an emblematic place of the French gastronomy with numerous institutions like La Durée, Fauchon, Caviar Kaspia.  But also well known for its luxury shops and the avenue du Faubourg Saint Honoré. Perfect a alliance between the luxury of a hotel and the surface and comfort of an apartment, this flat is in the heart of a trendy district of la Madeleine in the 8th district of Paris. Beautiful building made of dressed stones.  It has 4 big rooms and total surface of 110m2. You will feel like being in your own place in this Parisian accommodation really clean and well decorated. When you come inside this apartment you will enter the living room which is a big reception room , with a tv corner, a dining room corner and a desk. Yo	Welcome in the very heart of Paris, This beautiful apartment in the middle of Paris is losated rue Tronchet on the Place de la Madeleine. Not for from the Grands Magasins, the Champs Elysées, the Louvre Museum and the Tuilerie Garden.  The Place de la Madeleine became an emblematic place of the French gastronomy with numerous institutions like La Durée, Fauchon, Caviar Kaspia.  But also well known for its luxury shops and the avenue du Faubourg Saint Honoré. Perfect a alliance between the luxury of a hotel and the surface and comfort of an apartment, this flat is in the heart of a trendy district of la Madeleine in the 8th district of Paris. Beautiful building made of dressed stones.  It has 4 big rooms and total surface of 110m2. You will feel like being in your own place in this Parisian accommodation really clean and well decorated. When you come inside this apartment you will enter the living room which is a big reception room , with a tv corner, a dining room corner and a desk. Yo
17302	On the 5th floor with elevator, this large, luxurious studio is calm, comfortable and completely equipped. Fully renovated and ideally located, it's perfectly adapted your needs during your stay in the capital.  It is composed of an entrance, a kitchenette ( with microwave oven, fridge-freezer, and an electric stove), a large bathroom with toilet and shower; a bedroom with queen bed, a sitting area, a television, lots of closet space, and a balcony with fabulous views over the Champs Elysées.  WIFI/TV/Telephone package installed and included.  The apartment is air-conditioned and equipped with a safe and a computer. A private laundry room is located on the hall with a washer and dryer.  Rent: 1250€/ week all included (sheets, towels, welcome service, internet, and final cleaning).  For extended stays, ask us for prices! 	Exceptional location on the Champs Elysees, views over all of Paris!  On the 5th floor with elevator, this large, luxurious studio is calm, comfortable and completely equipped. Fully renovated and ideally located, it's perfectly adapted your needs during your stay in the capital.  It is composed of an entrance, a kitchenette ( with microwave oven, fridge-freezer, and an electric stove), a large bathroom with toilet and shower; a bedroom with queen bed, a sitting area, a television, lots of closet space, and a balcony with fabulous views over the Champs Elysées.  WIFI/TV/Telephone package installed and included.  The apartment is air-conditioned and equipped with a safe and a computer. A private laundry room is located on the hall with a washer and dryer.  Rent: 1250€/ week all included (sheets, towels, welcome service, internet, and final cleaning).  For extended stays, ask us for prices!  The unit is private so all equipment/internet/etc. is for your exclusive and unlimited use.  We'l
17303	Located on the 5th floor of a 19e-century buiding, this apartment accepts 4 persons and can be described as below :  - Living room comes with a sofa bed, coffee table, a Dining table with chairs - The kitchen is open and fully equipped with an electric burner, a dish washer, a coffee machine, toaster, extractor hood, freezer, ...  - The bedroom has one double bed (140 cm), 2 side tables, chairs, wardrobe, wooden shutters  - The ensuite bathroom has a bathtub with showerhead, wash basin - The toilets are independent 	You will be pleased by this charming 1 bedroom apartment (5th floor with elevator) located in the Batignolles and Villers area It sleeps 4 persones. It is a safe and residential area, close to Metro and Bus lines.  Located on the 5th floor of a 19e-century buiding, this apartment accepts 4 persons and can be described as below :  - Living room comes with a sofa bed, coffee table, a Dining table with chairs - The kitchen is open and fully equipped with an electric burner, a dish washer, a coffee machine, toaster, extractor hood, freezer, ...  - The bedroom has one double bed (140 cm), 2 side tables, chairs, wardrobe, wooden shutters  - The ensuite bathroom has a bathtub with showerhead, wash basin - The toilets are independent The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may
17304	Dans un immeuble de style Haussmanien en pierre de taille de 1913 classée monument Historique, nous vous attendons pour des moments inoubliables.  Ce studio est exceptionnel de part sa situation en plein coeur des Champs Elysées. Vous logerez dans la Galerie des Arcades qui est l'ancien hotel du cabaret Le LIDO. Il est situé au coeur de l'animation parisienne (restaurants, cafés, discothèques, cabarets...), à proximité des boutiques de luxe françaises et internationales et des célèbres palaces parisiens.  C'est un appartement très calme, tout confort, qui a été entièrement rénové en 2013. La surface est de 40m2 avec 3m50 de hauteur sous plafond avec des moulures et corniches style empire au plafond. La décoration est raffinée avec des matériaux haut de gamme, les sols sont en marbre blanc et la salle de bain en marbre gris.  La capacité de couchage est de 4 personnes : 1 lit double 160 et 1 canapé lit 160  Equipements : Linge de lits et de toilettes fournis, Cuisine équipée, Climatisat	Studio moderne entièrement rénové en marbre et équipé pour 4 personnes ... Situé en plein coeur des Champs Elysées... son emplacement au centre de l'avenue (Metro Franklin D Roosevelt) est son meilleur atout ! Wifi et climatisation gratuit Dans un immeuble de style Haussmanien en pierre de taille de 1913 classée monument Historique, nous vous attendons pour des moments inoubliables.  Ce studio est exceptionnel de part sa situation en plein coeur des Champs Elysées. Vous logerez dans la Galerie des Arcades qui est l'ancien hotel du cabaret Le LIDO. Il est situé au coeur de l'animation parisienne (restaurants, cafés, discothèques, cabarets...), à proximité des boutiques de luxe françaises et internationales et des célèbres palaces parisiens.  C'est un appartement très calme, tout confort, qui a été entièrement rénové en 2013. La surface est de 40m2 avec 3m50 de hauteur sous plafond avec des moulures et corniches style empire au plafond. La décoration est raffinée avec des matériaux haut 
17305	Very quiet place to live. The decoration is very tendance and unique. You can also live like a parisian in Paris.	Enjoy the all inclusive. The studio is very calm. The big kitchen is open. After a big journey walking all over Paris, you can watch Tv, read your email and read à book. I don't have any comment because I am on ligne since June, 3. Best regards. Very quiet place to live. The decoration is very tendance and unique. You can also live like a parisian in Paris. Shower, kitchen, living room, bed. I am living not far away. Any problems, you can ask me. You could be a parisian in a very touristique avenue: the Champs Elysées in 5 feets under. There is also Montaign avenue for the Luxe fashion. And rue saint Honoré in 2 minutes. Métro Franklin Roosvelt. I will give you Apple Tv. So, you can watch your video, see your pictures and listen your musique. A big kitchen is also unique with all you need. Micro wave etc...I will give you all my parisian adresses in a guide.
17306	Large double living room (40m2 ) with balconies, kitchen with dining area (15m2) fully equipped, 1 bedroom suite with double bed ( 160cm) with large shower, a second bedroom with a double bed (140cm ) and tv, a third bedroom with simple bed. 2 bathrooms (one in the big bedroom, the other is close to the kitchen) and toilets room.	130 m2 in the 8th , mixture of modern and chic Haussmann apartments , ideally located a few meters from Place de Clichy and the Metro Liège or Europe. Large double living room (40m2 ) with balconies, kitchen with dining area (15m2) fully equipped, 1 bedroom suite with double bed ( 160cm) with large shower, a second bedroom with a double bed (140cm ) and tv, a third bedroom with simple bed. 2 bathrooms (one in the big bedroom, the other is close to the kitchen) and toilets room.
17307	"Location! Location! Location!  Affordable studio with prime luxurious address! Can't do better! This rare studio is located at 78 Avenue Des Champs-Elysees, ""La Plus Belle Avenue Du Monde"".  Step out and enjoy the BEST shopping in the world. Louis Vuitton main store across the street, largest Hugo Boss store in Europe too, have a drink at Fouquet's or taste the best French macarons pastries at LaDuree. This is the Avenue that never sleeps, in the city that never sleeps. This is the place to be in Paris! Walk to the Arc De Triomphe, to the Concorde, to the Louvre and the Jardins Des Tuileries, to the Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Avenue Montaigne, Avenue Matignon, Faubourg St Honore, etc. It sleeps 4 guests in 2 single beds that can be moved to make one Queen bed, and 1 Queen convertible Sofa. 5th floor with elevator, courtyard view. The furniture can be moved around easily to fit your taste, as you can see in the pictures. Easily accessible by metro (Line 1 and Line 9), close to all shop"	"Location! Location! Location!  Affordable studio with prime luxurious address! Can't do better! This rare studio is located at 78 Avenue Des Champs-Elysees, ""La Plus Belle Avenue Du Monde"".  Step out and enjoy the BEST shopping in the world. Louis Vuitton main store across the street, largest Hugo Boss store in Europe too, have a drink at Fouquet's or taste the best French macarons pastries at LaDuree. This is the Avenue that never sleeps, in the city that never sleeps. This is the place to be in Paris! Walk to the Arc De Triomphe, to the Concorde, to the Louvre and the Jardins Des Tuileries, to the Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Avenue Montaigne, Avenue Matignon, Faubourg St Honore, etc. It sleeps 4 guests in 2 single beds that can be moved to make one Queen bed, and 1 Queen convertible Sofa. 5th floor with elevator, courtyard view. The furniture can be moved around easily to fit your taste, as you can see in the pictures. Easily accessible by metro (Line 1 and Line 9), close to all shop"
17308	Traveller 's comment: Elysée Matignon was an absolutely amazing apartment in an absolutely amazing area. The apartment was spotlessly clean with supplies on hand for any of our messes and the washer and dishwasher made it just like home back in the States. The view of the Eiffel Tower from the balcony was remarkable to wake up to each morning. You can see at least the top 1/3 of the tower and made sure you knew where you were every day. The building is very, very quiet with two elevators that never had any delays. The building superintendent was usually around in the mornings to greet you on your way out to explore Paris. The wifi worked flawlessly and we had little need for the tv. The bed and bathroom were very comfortable and easy to get settled into for our week stay. We actually used the microwave/oven combination unit one evening to prep dinner and wondered why these are not widely available in the US. What a fantastic space saving concept! Overall, the apartment was great with a	Intérieur: spacieux et lumineux  Extérieur: quartier chic  • couchages 4 personnes, 55 m2  • appartement de 1 chambre, 1 salle de bain  • 1 lit double, 1 convertible 2 places  • quartier 08ème - Champs  Elysées Traveller 's comment: Elysée Matignon was an absolutely amazing apartment in an absolutely amazing area. The apartment was spotlessly clean with supplies on hand for any of our messes and the washer and dishwasher made it just like home back in the States. The view of the Eiffel Tower from the balcony was remarkable to wake up to each morning. You can see at least the top 1/3 of the tower and made sure you knew where you were every day. The building is very, very quiet with two elevators that never had any delays. The building superintendent was usually around in the mornings to greet you on your way out to explore Paris. The wifi worked flawlessly and we had little need for the tv. The bed and bathroom were very comfortable and easy to get settled into for our week stay. We act
17309	A luxury apartment a few minutes walk from  some of the most iconic tourist attractions in the world, the Avenue des Champs Elysées, the Louvre museum and Opera Garnier as well as  Place de la Madeleine, Place Vendôme and Place de la Concorde. Also, the Tuileries garden, ideal for relaxing in a green area, is less than 10 minutes walk, not to mention on the doorstep of hundreds of restaurants and bars in Boulevard des italiens. Lived in but we like to share when we're not in the city. Very quiet, sunny and functional. It includes - 1 double bedroom - 1 double sofa bed - Fitted Kitchen including cooker, microwave, fridge, Italian coffee maker, kettle - The bathroom has a large bath and toilets - Bed linen, towels and slippers provided, Wifi, TV - For summer comfort, a fan is available. Situated in between two of Paris' best known neighbourhoods, Elysées Madeleine and the Triangle d'or, there are thousands of cafes, restaurants, bars and shops near by. Saint-Lazare station subway is less	Luxury flat in the 8th arrondissement, the most beautiful, lovely and peaceful area in Paris! See you soon :) A luxury apartment a few minutes walk from  some of the most iconic tourist attractions in the world, the Avenue des Champs Elysées, the Louvre museum and Opera Garnier as well as  Place de la Madeleine, Place Vendôme and Place de la Concorde. Also, the Tuileries garden, ideal for relaxing in a green area, is less than 10 minutes walk, not to mention on the doorstep of hundreds of restaurants and bars in Boulevard des italiens. Lived in but we like to share when we're not in the city. Very quiet, sunny and functional. It includes - 1 double bedroom - 1 double sofa bed - Fitted Kitchen including cooker, microwave, fridge, Italian coffee maker, kettle - The bathroom has a large bath and toilets - Bed linen, towels and slippers provided, Wifi, TV - For summer comfort, a fan is available. Situated in between two of Paris' best known neighbourhoods, Elysées Madeleine and the Triangl
17310	A small functional studio, and comfortable right in the heart of the district Champs-Elysées, one of the districts of Paris, Trendiest and trendiest situated in nice little one street. Ideal for for a small loving escapade of a weekend in the most beautiful city of the world, you will quickly feel, as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, this apartment consists of a comfortable stay with a real bed which can welcome 2 people. A small cooking(kitchen), with refrigerator, etc. …  The bathroom, new is equipped with a shower cubicle, with a washbasin and with toilet.  You will have also at your disposal all the necessity to remain to connect with the world, worth knowing(namely) a connection to free WiFi internet, television, with all the big French chains(channels).  The apartment is located in the best area of paris you are near of the champs elysées, the louvre museum, avenue montaigne,	"Cosy and comfortable studio located in the heart of Paris in the area ""Champs Elysées"", and its streets international renowned both for its history and for its shopping. Ideal for a getaway weekend as a couple in the city of light. A small functional studio, and comfortable right in the heart of the district Champs-Elysées, one of the districts of Paris, Trendiest and trendiest situated in nice little one street. Ideal for for a small loving escapade of a weekend in the most beautiful city of the world, you will quickly feel, as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, this apartment consists of a comfortable stay with a real bed which can welcome 2 people. A small cooking(kitchen), with refrigerator, etc. …  The bathroom, new is equipped with a shower cubicle, with a washbasin and with toilet.  You will have also at your disposal all the necessity to remain to connect with the world, wort"
17311	Charmant 2 pièces de 45m2 avec 4 couchages, très calme au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, entièrement décoré et équipé. Situé en plein coeur de Paris, dans le 8ème au pied du métro Liège et au dessus de la gare St Lazare. Possibilité d'aller jusqu'au Champs Elysees à pieds (sinon bus direct - 80), avec commerces (à 5 minutes à pieds du Printemps et des Galeries Lafayettes) et restaurants autour. L'appartement se compose : - d'une chambre séparée avec un lit double, - un canapé-lit deux places dans la pièce principale, - une TV écran plat, chaine hifi, DVD, internet, - une salle de bain avec une baignoire-douche et un WC, - une cuisine équipée (lave linge, sèche linge, Nexpresso, micro-onde, four), - équipement bébé (lit bébé, poussette) - parking public à 300 mètres, - proche de tous les transports (métros, RER, Bus, gares) permettant un accès facile et rapide aux monuments de Paris (Louvre, Tour Eiffel, Madeleine...).	Charmant 2 pièces de 45m2 avec 4 couchages, très calme au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, entièrement décoré et équipé. Situé en plein coeur de Paris, dans le 8ème au pied du métro Liège et au dessus de la gare St Lazare. Possibilité d'aller aux Champs El Charmant 2 pièces de 45m2 avec 4 couchages, très calme au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, entièrement décoré et équipé. Situé en plein coeur de Paris, dans le 8ème au pied du métro Liège et au dessus de la gare St Lazare. Possibilité d'aller jusqu'au Champs Elysees à pieds (sinon bus direct - 80), avec commerces (à 5 minutes à pieds du Printemps et des Galeries Lafayettes) et restaurants autour. L'appartement se compose : - d'une chambre séparée avec un lit double, - un canapé-lit deux places dans la pièce principale, - une TV écran plat, chaine hifi, DVD, internet, - une salle de bain avec une baignoire-douche et un WC, - une cuisine équipée (lave linge, sèche linge, Nexpresso, micro-onde, four), - équipement bébé (lit bébé, poussette) - parki
17312	Very quiet apartment in a peaceful street. The location is wonderful : 4 minutes by walk from av Montaigne & av Champs Elysées, 2 minutes walk from Seine, 10 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe, close from Eiffel Tower	Lovely, modern & confortable apt, heart of Triangle d'Or (4 min walk from av Montaigne & Av Champs Elysées, close to Eiffel tower). 1 Bedroom, 1 large livingroom (sofabed), kitchen fully equiped, shower + bathtube. Free wifi & 2 TV                   Very quiet apartment in a peaceful street. The location is wonderful : 4 minutes by walk from av Montaigne & av Champs Elysées, 2 minutes walk from Seine, 10 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe, close from Eiffel Tower Good standard building with elevator (4h floor) Supermarket in the street (open untill 11PM everyday) Lot of restaurants and shopping area Ligne 1 : Metro Alma Marceau  Metro Franklin Roosevelt / George V
17313		Lovely tiny appartement in the heart of Paris. In a small co propriety, I offer you a stay in a very private path.  You will appreciate to sleep in a quiet room located only 2 minute-walk from the Champs Elysee! The flat is fully equiped
17314	Cet appartement typiquement parisien est situé rue Balzac, l'une des adresses les plus recherchées et les plus sûres du carré Or de la Capitale : Les Champs-Elysées. Métro Charles de Gaulle Etoile ou Georges V, au pied de l' Arc de Triomphe. Au 6 ème étage avec ascenseur( 1 ascenseur résidents, 1 ascenseur de service) d'un superbe immeuble en pierre de taille dans le plus pur style français Art Déco d'époque 1930 entièrement rénové avec fers forgés,  verrières Art Déco et tapis dans les parties communes , cet appartement  bénéficie d'un très grande clarté  et d'une vue imprenable et dégagée sur les toits parisiens.   Son intérieur se compose d'une entrée desservant une belle cuisine moderne entièrement équipée ouverte sur son espace salle-à-manger et son grand salon au mobilier contemporain.  Pour votre confort deux canapés dont un grand convertible neuf en 160 cm x 200 cm, une grande table basse, un  bureau,une TV  avec câble, wifi, hi-fi.  Puis une chambre lumineuse avec son lit conf	Superbe appartement de 45 m2  à 100 mètres des Champs-Elysées, métro George V ou CDG Etoile. Au 6 ème étage avec ascenseur d'un très bel immeuble Art Déco, cet appartement est un lieu de séjour idéal pour profiter d'une adresse de prestige. Cet appartement typiquement parisien est situé rue Balzac, l'une des adresses les plus recherchées et les plus sûres du carré Or de la Capitale : Les Champs-Elysées. Métro Charles de Gaulle Etoile ou Georges V, au pied de l' Arc de Triomphe. Au 6 ème étage avec ascenseur( 1 ascenseur résidents, 1 ascenseur de service) d'un superbe immeuble en pierre de taille dans le plus pur style français Art Déco d'époque 1930 entièrement rénové avec fers forgés,  verrières Art Déco et tapis dans les parties communes , cet appartement  bénéficie d'un très grande clarté  et d'une vue imprenable et dégagée sur les toits parisiens.   Son intérieur se compose d'une entrée desservant une belle cuisine moderne entièrement équipée ouverte sur son espace salle-à-manger e
17315	Very cosy and intimate one bedroom studio	Cozy 28sq. ft appartement ideally located for those who wish to discover Paris. Very cosy and intimate one bedroom studio Internet, fully-equiped kitchen and bathroom, clean sheets and towels, shampoo, soap .. I always want to make sure my guests have everything they need for their stay and I am available if they need advice, insider infos or just want to know where to go for a nice view on Paris. Great location, close to the Champs Elysees, restaurants, grocery stores, patisseries, Metro, buses etc. The neighbourhood is very safe. Metro: Franklin D. Roosvelt Bus: (phone number hidden) Vélib' bicycle station directly in front of the apartment. Internet + television (160 channels)
17316	The apartment is located in the heart of Paris' 8th arrondissement, close to the Champs-Elysees, near the Arc de Triomphe. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a beautiful building typical Parisian overlooking on a quiet courtyard, chic and residential. Many close shops. Just steps from the Champs Elysées and five minutes from the luxury Fashion street Faubourg Saint Honore. The apartment is on the second floor of a charming typical Parisian building, it offers a  view on a quiet chic courtyard. Please note that there is no lift in the building.  The localization is great, and is very close to Monoprix which is great for grocery shopping, surrounded by all kind of services i.e. supermarket, pharmacy, coffee shops, restaurants, taxi…etc.  The apartment consists of two bedrooms: - A master bedroom with a TV with walk-in shower and a washing machine and dryer, large dressing. - The second bedroom consists of a desk with a double sofa bed very comfortable. Soaps, hairdryer, bathrobes, towe	Beautiful contemporary three rooms of 90 square meters. Conveniently located near the Champs Elysees and near the Museum Grand Palais.  At heart of the business district, the center of Culture and Fashion in Paris. The apartment is located in the heart of Paris' 8th arrondissement, close to the Champs-Elysees, near the Arc de Triomphe. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a beautiful building typical Parisian overlooking on a quiet courtyard, chic and residential. Many close shops. Just steps from the Champs Elysées and five minutes from the luxury Fashion street Faubourg Saint Honore. The apartment is on the second floor of a charming typical Parisian building, it offers a  view on a quiet chic courtyard. Please note that there is no lift in the building.  The localization is great, and is very close to Monoprix which is great for grocery shopping, surrounded by all kind of services i.e. supermarket, pharmacy, coffee shops, restaurants, taxi…etc.  The apartment consists of two bedroom
17317	"This small apartment is very practical in a typical and charming district of Paris. It's offers a real comfort.  You will find clean hand towels, tea, coffee, sugar there ... The housework is made before every arrival. I just ask to do attention not to disturb the neighborhood which is very nice.  A Tv screen flat, as well as internet are available, you have the apartment for you alone you thus you have accesses to the carrying for clothes, kitchen, bathroom with clean hand towels. The district of ""Batignolles"" is a lively, and nice area, chic. there is a lot of stores at the foot of the apartment, restaurant and bar.  The line 13 and the line 2 are in 3min, The bus 66 literally in front of the door, so useful to go to ""St Lazare""."	"Lovely little apartement in the district of Batignolles 18m2 very functional . It is located at 15 minutes from Montmartre, 20 min of Champs Elysees, with lines 13 and 2 to 3min from the apartment. Very quiet and comfortable. This small apartment is very practical in a typical and charming district of Paris. It's offers a real comfort.  You will find clean hand towels, tea, coffee, sugar there ... The housework is made before every arrival. I just ask to do attention not to disturb the neighborhood which is very nice.  A Tv screen flat, as well as internet are available, you have the apartment for you alone you thus you have accesses to the carrying for clothes, kitchen, bathroom with clean hand towels. The district of ""Batignolles"" is a lively, and nice area, chic. there is a lot of stores at the foot of the apartment, restaurant and bar.  The line 13 and the line 2 are in 3min, The bus 66 literally in front of the door, so useful to go to ""St Lazare"". Everything"
17318	L'appartement est composé d'une salle à manger pour 8 personnes, d'un grand salon avec canapé-lit et télévision par câble, d'une chambre avec un lit king size (avec une autre télévision par câble), d'une deuxième chambre avec 2 lits jumeaux, d'une cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, plaques, micro-ondes), d'une salle de bains avec baignoire et de toilettes séparées.	Bel appartement de 4 pièces (95 m2) au 4ème étage avec ascenseur,  à deux pas des Champs-Elysées et du parc Monceau.  Calme, il est composé d'un grand salon, d'une salle à manger et de 2 chambres donnant sur une cour intérieure. L'appartement est composé d'une salle à manger pour 8 personnes, d'un grand salon avec canapé-lit et télévision par câble, d'une chambre avec un lit king size (avec une autre télévision par câble), d'une deuxième chambre avec 2 lits jumeaux, d'une cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, plaques, micro-ondes), d'une salle de bains avec baignoire et de toilettes séparées. Situé entre les Champs-Elysées, la place de l'Etoile et le Parc Monceau, le quartier est très agréable avec de nombreux cafés, restaurants et commerces alentour. Un must pour un séjour à Paris. Tout proche des stations de métro Saint-Philippe du Roule (ligne 9), George V (ligne 1). A 500 m de la station Charles de Gaulle Etoile (RER A, lignes 1,2,6). Bus (phone number hidden) à deux pas. Stations
17319	Studio au design très moderne entièrement rénové, pour 1 ou 2 personnes, 2 pièces, 20m2, 6ème étage avec ascenseur et doorman.  Situé dans l'un des plus beaux arrondissement de Paris: le 8è (Concorde, Champs Elysée, Madeleine, Opéra), il offre une vue magnifique sur la place de la concorde et l'église de la Madeleine.  Très bel immeuble parisien en plein cœur de Paris, à 5min à pied des Galeries Lafayette, du Printemps et de la gare Haussmann-Saint Lazare. Idéalement situé pour faire du shopping, (au pied de Chanel, Ladurée, Dior, ralph Lauren..) vous trouverez également restaurants (en bas de l'immeuble se trouve le célèbre restaurant le Maxim's), théâtres et musées à proximité ( 2 à 10min à pied).  Il offre également un accès direct à tous les quartiers d’affaires parisiens (La Défense, Opéra, Haussmann, Champs Elysées, Gare de Lyon, etc …). L'appartement : plein de charme tout en parquet avec un espace nuit : un grand lit double ( 160 X 200 cm ), écrant plat, lecteur dvd et un espac	Studio au design très moderne entièrement rénové, pour 1 ou 2 personnes, 2 pièces, 20m2, 6ème étage avec ascenseur et doorman.  Situé dans l'un des plus beaux arrondissement de Paris: le 8è (Concorde, Champs Elysée, Madeleine, Opéra), il offre une vue magnifique sur la place de la concorde et l'église de la Madeleine.  Très bel immeuble parisien en plein cœur de Paris, à 5min à pied des Galeries Lafayette, du Printemps et de la gare Haussmann-Saint Lazare. Idéalement situé pour faire du shopping, (au pied de Chanel, Ladurée, Dior, ralph Lauren..) vous trouverez également restaurants (en bas de l'immeuble se trouve le célèbre restaurant le Maxim's), théâtres et musées à proximité ( 2 à 10min à pied).  Il offre également un accès direct à tous les quartiers d’affaires parisiens (La Défense, Opéra, Haussmann, Champs Elysées, Gare de Lyon, etc …). L'appartement : plein de charme tout en parquet avec un espace nuit : un grand lit double ( 160 X 200 cm ), écrant plat, lecteur dvd et un espac
17320		Refurbished apartment, 70 m², in the heart of Paris, ten minutes' walk from Champs Élysées, and three minutes' walk from Miromesnil metro station.  Fully equipped kitchen, dining room, two bedrooms, bathroom, and separate toilet.
17321	Appartement de 50m2 au 5ème étage, exposé plein sud, lumineux et agréable	Ce studio, situé à 300 mètres des Champs-Elysées, peut accueillir deux à trois personnes pouvant disposer  d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain et d'un grand lit 2 places. Il est situé dans le 8e arrondissement proche du parc Monceau. Appartement de 50m2 au 5ème étage, exposé plein sud, lumineux et agréable Charmant quartier du 8eme arrondissement, à la bordure du 17ème, entouré d'ambassade, d'hôtel et de restaurants. À 2min du parc Monceau et 7 de l'arc de triomphe. L'accès par les transports en commun est idéal, le métro Courcelles desservie par la ligne 2 se trouve au bout de la rue ! Une grande quantité de bus permettent de se rendre n'importe ou dans Paris rapidement.
17322	Le studio est central, au niveau de la gare St Lazare. Le studio contient une douche et les toilettes sont sur le palier.	La studette est à seulement 7 mins de la station de métro Saint-Lazare, à 10 mins du quartier Montmartre et à 12 mins du centre commercial Galeries Lafayette. La studette se situe au 6e sans ascenseur.  Les toilettes sont sur le palier. Le studio est central, au niveau de la gare St Lazare. Le studio contient une douche et les toilettes sont sur le palier. Boulevard Haussmann, Galerie Lafayette, Opéra Garnier, Moulin Rouge, Eglise de la Trinité Vous trouverez des restaurants, des épiceries et des bars juste à côté de l'établissement. Le centre commercial Les Galeries LaFayette se situe à 12 minutes de marche du logement. Le quartier de Montmartre se situe à 10 minutes de marche du logement. Transport en commun: Métro:  Station Place de Clichy (ligne 2 et 13), à 2 minutes Station Liège (ligne 13), à 3 minutes Station Saint Lazare (ligne 3, 12, RER E), à 7 minutes  Draps, serviettes, shampoing sont fournis.
17323	Un appartement cosy en fond d'une impasse privée. Il est composé d'un double salon avec TV, internet, Apple TV et système SONOS pour la musique. Une cuisine avec four, lave vaisselle, machine à café sont à votre disposition.  La salle de bain comprend une baignoire avec douche, sèche cheveux et des produits d'appoint. La chambre accueille un lit de 160cm et vous y trouverez lave linge et sèche linge.	Un appartement cosy en fond d'une impasse privée. Il est composé d'un double salon avec TV, internet, Apple TV et système SONOS pour la musique. Une cuisine avec four, lave vaisselle, machine à café sont à votre disposition.  La salle de bain comprend une baignoire avec douche, sèche cheveux et des produits d'appoint. La chambre accueille un lit de 160cm et vous y trouverez lave linge et sèche linge. Par le métro Ligne 1 station Franklin Roosevelt. En taxi préciser Palais de la Découverte Avenue Franklin Roosevelt L'appartement est au calme. Il suffit de faire quelques mètres pour retrouver l'agitation des Champs Élysées et toutes ses boutiques ouvertes le dimanche. Ligne 1 Station Franklin Roosevelt
17324	Quite small but well-ordered studio (15m2). The best choice for several days in the center of Paris, in a quiet place, next to the Champs-Élysées, with a small budget.	Nice and quiet studio for 1 or 2 persons, in a Haussmann style building in the 8th district of Paris, a very chic zone. 2 min walking from the Arc de Triomphe, 1 min walking from Charles de Gaulle - Étoile's station (lines A, 1, 2 and 6) and 5 min walking from George-V's station. Quite small but well-ordered studio (15m2). The best choice for several days in the center of Paris, in a quiet place, next to the Champs-Élysées, with a small budget. You will access the whole studio, including : lounge/bedroom (with sofa/bed and desk), kitchen (with microwave oven, fridge and storage cupboards), bathroom and toilets. I will be able to help you, whenever it will be. The apartment is located at 2 min's walk from the Arc de Triomphe, Champs-Élysées and the square Balzac, and 8 min's walk from Monceau's Park (picnic, footing...). It's a very calm and secured district. Friedland's Avenue where the apartment is located is more quiet, especially during August, you will not be disturbed by noise.  B
17325	Le studio est vaste et bien distribué. L'entrée dessert : - une grande pièce comprenant un espace séjour et un espace chambre avec lit double. canapé convertible (une place) dans le salon - une petite cuisine entièrement équipée (lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, cuisinière avec four, microondes - une grande salle de bain avec baignoire WC, et lave-linge	Ce grand studio de 35 M2 est situé rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, au coeur de Paris. Au quatrième étage, lumineux et très calme, il peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. Il comporte un espace séjour, un espace nuit, cuisine et SdB indépendantes. Le studio est vaste et bien distribué. L'entrée dessert : - une grande pièce comprenant un espace séjour et un espace chambre avec lit double. canapé convertible (une place) dans le salon - une petite cuisine entièrement équipée (lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, cuisinière avec four, microondes - une grande salle de bain avec baignoire WC, et lave-linge Boutiques de luxe et galeries d'art du Faubourg Saint Honoré Champs Elysées à 2 minutes en Métro, à 10 minutes à pied (cinémas, boutiques, restaurants...) Concorde, parc des Tuileries Musée de l'Orangerie, Grand Palais, Petit Palais Galeries Lafayette et Printemps à 15 minutes à pied. English and french speaking host Un des quartiers les plus chic de Paris,  au coeur de nombreuses attractions touris
17326	Possibilité de s'allonger ou de déjeuner au soleil.	Appartement avec une chambre, un salon, un séjour et une cuisine de 67 m2.  Terrasse de 16 m2 orientée plein sud, avec vue partielle sur la Tour Eiffel.  Situé dans le 9ème, près de la gare St Lazare et les grands magasins. Possibilité de s'allonger ou de déjeuner au soleil. L'appartement est situé au cœur de Paris, à une vingtaine de min. a pied du Louvre, des Champs Elysées ou à 1/2h de marche de Montmartre ou des Halles de Paris. L'appartement est à quelques mètres de la Gare Saint-Lazare d'où partent les trains vers Versailles ou Deauville. Il est desservi par les lignes de métro (phone number hidden), les RER A et E. La terrasse comporte beaucoup de fleurs et plantes qui doivent être arrosées régulièrement pour rester belles. Merci à vous de les arroser pendant votre séjour chez nous !
17327	Apartment in the centre of Paris. 3 metro lines and 4 buses to get in a few minutes everywhere in Paris. Opera, Montmartre, Pigalle, Galeries Lafayettes at walking distance. In addition, with a few minutes by bus or metro you can get to Champs Elysées, Eiffel tower, Chatelet, Notre Dame. Supermarkets and all kind of shops at less than 500 m	Bedroom, living-room with sofa bed. Bathroom and kitchen. 3 metro lines at less than 2 min walk and 5 min from St. Lazare. Ground floor of a very quiet street. Opera e Montmartre at walking distance Apartment in the centre of Paris. 3 metro lines and 4 buses to get in a few minutes everywhere in Paris. Opera, Montmartre, Pigalle, Galeries Lafayettes at walking distance. In addition, with a few minutes by bus or metro you can get to Champs Elysées, Eiffel tower, Chatelet, Notre Dame. Supermarkets and all kind of shops at less than 500 m Available for guests: Wi-Fi internet connection, bedsheets and bath towels, and everything you need to cook and eat I always try to answer as soon as I can (usually within a few hours). Plus, the apartment is actually managed by the building concierge who is therefore always available High-level neighbourhood (eight arrondissemnet). Boulevard Batignolles and place de Clichy are less than 200 metres away. 3 supermarkets, many shops for all the needs and a
17328	Studio lumineux de 12m2 + 4m2 de mezzanine avec un lit deux places ! Petit certes, mais on y est bien, c'est fonctionnel. Valable aussi pour étudiant en transit/en stage. 	Studio lumineux de 12m2 + 4m2 de mezzanine avec un lit deux places ! Petit certes, mais on y est bien, c'est fonctionnel. Valable aussi pour étudiant en transit/en stage.  Lavomatique à proximité, MONOP à 30m de l'appartement, pharmacie, rien n'est bien loin ! Guide hors pair je ne sais pas, mais amoureuse de la culture (métier et études) et sportive inconditionnelle (slackline), je me ferai un plaisir de vous indiquer mes lieux favoris ! A 50m du parc Monceau et des calmes ruelles alentours, mais aussi à 10 minutes à pieds des fameux Champs Elysées, le quartier offre un bon compromis entre sérénité et possibilités de visites Situé entre les métros Monceau ou Courcelles (Ligne 2), Saint Philippe du Roule (Ligne 9), Miromesnil (ligne 13), vous aurez accès au tout Paris !
17329	*** A PLACE YOU WILL REMEMBER FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE *** - Surface: 735sq. feet - 70m2 - Capacity: 4 people A superbly designed apartment located at the top of a beautiful Parisian building, a view over the city of lights, its roofs and the sunset. A little extra is included in the price: one can enjoy a shower whilst looking at the Eiffel Tower twinkling in the distance! APARTMENT - Seventh and last floor (with elevator) - Haussmann building - Spacious volume (amazing glass roof and a mezzanine) - View over many famous or regular roofs of Paris with the Eiffet Tower, the Sacre Coeur, the Arc de Triomphe... - Freshly refurbished - Contemporary decoration - Wooden floor - 1 entry - 1 bedroom - Private terrace (really nice for your morning breakfast, your lunch and evening drinks) - 1 toilet - 1 cosy bathroom (with shower) - 1 living room - 1 american kitchen - 1 mezzanine (desk, sofa, TV...) AMENITIES - 1 double bed - 1 sofa bed - Kitchen fully equipped - Washing machine - TV - Inter	* A SPECIAL PRICE FOR A CHARMING APARTMENT * Bright, quiet, atypical... breakfast on the sunny terrace, shower in front of the Eiffel Tower... *** A PLACE YOU WILL REMEMBER FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE *** - Surface: 735sq. feet - 70m2 - Capacity: 4 people A superbly designed apartment located at the top of a beautiful Parisian building, a view over the city of lights, its roofs and the sunset. A little extra is included in the price: one can enjoy a shower whilst looking at the Eiffel Tower twinkling in the distance! APARTMENT - Seventh and last floor (with elevator) - Haussmann building - Spacious volume (amazing glass roof and a mezzanine) - View over many famous or regular roofs of Paris with the Eiffet Tower, the Sacre Coeur, the Arc de Triomphe... - Freshly refurbished - Contemporary decoration - Wooden floor - 1 entry - 1 bedroom - Private terrace (really nice for your morning breakfast, your lunch and evening drinks) - 1 toilet - 1 cosy bathroom (with shower) - 1 living room - 1 a
17330	"The appartment is quiet, the room is big and has its own bathroom. Downstairs, the area is animated a lot of lounge bars and a typical market. For the joggers, the famous ""Parc Monceau"" is at 1'."	"The appartment is quiet, the room is big and has its own bathroom. Downstairs, the area is animated a lot of lounge bars and a typical market. For the joggers, the famous ""Parc Monceau"" is at 1'. they will have access at the kitchen if they need, and at the dinning room if they want to watch tv. I can give them the most important informations regarding their visit in Paris. Everything is really attractive. Shops, Coffees rooms and the big park to walk, to read or to run. by the metro with station""Villiers"". I can offer them the breakfast."
17331		Petit appartement très situé. A 2 min de la gare St lazare  . Proche des grands boulevards pour des soirées animés! Des théâtres pour découvrir les artistes parisiens !des grand magasins pour des journées shopping ....
17332	In a beautiful  haussmannien building, family apartment  on the first floor, with an entrance with library, a double reception with balconies overlooking the gardens of the Grand Palais; a dining room, a large kitchen, three bedrooms: a master suite with bathroom, two bedrooms and  bathrooms,  laundry.  The floors, moldings, volumes and high ceilings make this apartment a rare and very stylish one. Maid service included. Optional kitchen service. Parking in the courtyard 	Great  luxury apartment: an entrance with library, a double reception with balconies overlooking the gardens of the Grand Palais; a dining room, a large kitchen, three bedrooms, a master suite with bathroom, two bedrooms and  bathrooms.  Parking.   In a beautiful  haussmannien building, family apartment  on the first floor, with an entrance with library, a double reception with balconies overlooking the gardens of the Grand Palais; a dining room, a large kitchen, three bedrooms: a master suite with bathroom, two bedrooms and  bathrooms,  laundry.  The floors, moldings, volumes and high ceilings make this apartment a rare and very stylish one. Maid service included. Optional kitchen service. Parking in the courtyard 
17333	This apartment of 48 m², 2 rooms, is located Washington Street in the 8th arrondissement, on the 3rd floor of a 19th century building without elevator and can accommodate 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washing machine, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, balcony, DVD player, a stereo, decorative fireplace. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 19th century building without elevator is equipped with: a code entry, intercom.	This apartment of 48 m², 2 rooms, is located Washington Street in the 8th arrondissement, on the 3rd floor of a 19th century building without elevator and can accommodate 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washing machine, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, balcony, DVD player, a stereo, decorative fireplace. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 19th century building without elevator is equipped with: a code entry, intercom.
17334	Located in the heart of the most prestigious area of Paris, this is a large (80sqm, or 860sqft) and very homely flat, typically Parisian with wooden floor, fireplaces and molding. It offers a very nice living and dining room, a large and fully equipped kitchen, 2 spacious bedrooms, bathtub and shower room, with separate toilets. The apartment is very quiet, located in a peacefull street, on the 4th floor of the building with double-glazed windows and respectful neighbours. 	    Located in the heart of the most prestigious area of Paris, this is a large (80sqm, or 860sqft) and very homely flat, typically Parisian with wooden floor, fireplaces and molding. Discoverer french wine regions with 6 complimentary bottles of wine.    Located in the heart of the most prestigious area of Paris, this is a large (80sqm, or 860sqft) and very homely flat, typically Parisian with wooden floor, fireplaces and molding. It offers a very nice living and dining room, a large and fully equipped kitchen, 2 spacious bedrooms, bathtub and shower room, with separate toilets. The apartment is very quiet, located in a peacefull street, on the 4th floor of the building with double-glazed windows and respectful neighbours.  Beeing wine lovers, we are very happy to share our passion and our cellar with you. You will find 6 complimentary bottles of wine, which represents different regions of France, and very talented winemakers.  We can organise a professional wine tasting with our somm
17335	"Typically parisian flat  ""Hausmanien"" , spacious and luxury  180 m2 , a salon and a tv salon 60m2,  a dining room close to a big modern kitchen. 4 bedrooms, (1 doble and 3 single bedrooms) 2 showers and a bathroom, 2 toilets. Very calm and quiet street, view on a garden, second floor."	"Big flat with 2 salons, large kitchen opened on the dining room with view on a garden. 4 bedrooms(1 doble and 3 single) 2 showers and a bath,2 wc Perfect for tourism, between Montmartre and Champs Elysées , 5min to Parc Monceau and Grands magasins.  Typically parisian flat  ""Hausmanien"" , spacious and luxury  180 m2 , a salon and a tv salon 60m2,  a dining room close to a big modern kitchen. 4 bedrooms, (1 doble and 3 single bedrooms) 2 showers and a bathroom, 2 toilets. Very calm and quiet street, view on a garden, second floor. we welcome the guests with all the details wanted Very central in Paris ,very close to Parc Monceau by feet 5 minutes. Situated between the Champs Elysees and Montmartre, close to 10minutes each. "
17336		C'est comme une petite maison dans un immeuble, c'est un studio accueillant, moderne, avec tout ce qu'il faut !  Avec une terrasse ! Situé en face du métro Villiers, avec tous commerces a proximité ! A 10min des Champs Elysées !
17337	The apartment is one bedroom (with queen sized bed) plus very large lounge + dining area with a couch that opens into a very comfortable sofa bed. Very spacious and open apartment, with lots of light and large windows and 3 balcontettes. Separate toilet and bathroom, with bath/shower.   A fully equipped, newly renovated modern kitchen with oven, 4 burner stove top, microwave & dishwasher.  A seperate laundry cupboard with washing machine. 	Beautiful, traditional, Parisian apartment in prime location. Less than 5 minutes walk to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees!!   The apartment is one bedroom (with queen sized bed) plus very large lounge + dining area with a couch that opens into a very comfortable sofa bed. Very spacious and open apartment, with lots of light and large windows and 3 balcontettes. Separate toilet and bathroom, with bath/shower.   A fully equipped, newly renovated modern kitchen with oven, 4 burner stove top, microwave & dishwasher.  A seperate laundry cupboard with washing machine. Features include: - Free wifi access - Fully equipped kitchen with Dishwasher, Fridge, Microwave, Oven and Stove top - Washing machine/Dryer - Bathroom with bath/shower (off main bedroom) - Heating - Dining Table seats up to 6 - TV                - Lift  Quick response time via email or sms A buzzing neighbourhood, with everything you need with walking distance from your doorstep!  Also walking distance to the beautiful 
17338	This apartment offers 3 sleeps: - 1 double bed (160 cm X 200 cm – Queen Size) or 2 single beds (80 cm X 200 cm); - 1 single bed ( 80 cm X 90 cm) on a mezzanine accessed by a ladder. This is suitable only for children older ten years and people in good physical conditions. This room is comfortable for a couple as it offers a small table where two persons can eat. When the double bed is separated into 2 singles beds, or when the apartment is occupied by 3 persons, the space is mostly appropriate to take a rest and sleep (the neighborhood is very quiet). This is an excellent place to regain strength before visiting Paris! The kitchen is fully equipped: refrigerator, microwave, stove, dishes and cooking utensils, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, washing machine. The bathroom has a walk-in shower, a sink and a toilet. You need to walk through the shower to reach the toilet. There is a private wireless internet broadband. This apartment is located on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a typical 	27 m2 apartment 10 min. from Champs-Elysées 5th with elevator 2 sleeps in a double bed or 2 single beds 1 sleep in a bed on a mezzanine Wireless Internet broadband Free calls to landline telephones Quiet area near Paris main attractions This apartment offers 3 sleeps: - 1 double bed (160 cm X 200 cm – Queen Size) or 2 single beds (80 cm X 200 cm); - 1 single bed ( 80 cm X 90 cm) on a mezzanine accessed by a ladder. This is suitable only for children older ten years and people in good physical conditions. This room is comfortable for a couple as it offers a small table where two persons can eat. When the double bed is separated into 2 singles beds, or when the apartment is occupied by 3 persons, the space is mostly appropriate to take a rest and sleep (the neighborhood is very quiet). This is an excellent place to regain strength before visiting Paris! The kitchen is fully equipped: refrigerator, microwave, stove, dishes and cooking utensils, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, washing machi
17339	in the heart of Champs Elysées, cosy apartment . first floor with elevator, one day area with sofa bed and kitchen, bathroom and mezzanine with double bed. Central heating . Internet. Guardian 24/7. Discount long term rent (+6 months) 	Lovely room flat duplex  Champs-Élysées. Quiet building. courtyard. first floor with elevator, one day area with sofa bed and kitchen, bathroom . mezzanine with double bed. wireless internet and TV . Central heating , Guardian 24/7.    in the heart of Champs Elysées, cosy apartment . first floor with elevator, one day area with sofa bed and kitchen, bathroom and mezzanine with double bed. Central heating . Internet. Guardian 24/7. Discount long term rent (+6 months) Lovely room flat duplex in the heart of th Champs Elysées, (rue Lincoln). first floor with elevator, one day area with sofa bed and kitchen, bathroom and mezzanine with double bed. wireless internet and TV . Central heating , Guardian 24/7.   Triangle d'or ,Champs-Élysées .  metro George V , Roosevelt.  convenient to all amenities (restaurants, supermarket, cinema , theaters).
17340		2 bedroom apartment of 43m2, bright, quiet and renovated in an ancient building, lively, near Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe, 20 meters from the metro. Close to the Park Monceau, the famous Place des Ternes, Wagram.
17341	5 th and last floor with elevator, oriented west for afternoon and sunset on the balcony, the flat has been completly refreshed this year and is big, calm and with a lot of light, with the charm of old parisian building haussmannien. It's fully equipped  (fridge, hoven, microwave, dish washer, washing machine,...) and has two toilettes and two bathroom. It has a 40 square meters living room, a master bed room with a double bed (160 x 200), a big child room and a small child room with two 190x70 cm beds.	Between Grands magasins, train station, Montmartre and hipster Batignoles, enjoy Paris the way we do in our 110m2 flat, refreshed, 5th floor with balcony, calm, close to metro lines and restaurants and bars area. Typical Parisiens style.  5 th and last floor with elevator, oriented west for afternoon and sunset on the balcony, the flat has been completly refreshed this year and is big, calm and with a lot of light, with the charm of old parisian building haussmannien. It's fully equipped  (fridge, hoven, microwave, dish washer, washing machine,...) and has two toilettes and two bathroom. It has a 40 square meters living room, a master bed room with a double bed (160 x 200), a big child room and a small child room with two 190x70 cm beds. This is central Paris. Everything is close by at walking distance, however you also have multiples métro lines, electric rental car system autolib, bus and even direct train to go to Versailles castle. For visit it is very close to Montmatre and Les Gr
17342	Saint-Lazare and Haussmann are only a few steps away from this peaceful neighborhood, where a spirit of closeness prevails and where you can see many cut-stone buildings. Located in one of those, this pleasant studio offers a functional accommodation It’s a very well-maintained building. It is located on the ground floor and has views on the street.  The ground floor is bright and well-isolated from the outside. This large studio is carefully arranged and was originally decorated. The main room is very bright and includes a comfortable 160 cm convertible sofa, a flat screen TV and a table. A mezzanine offerss a 120 cm bed. The lovely kitchenette is equipped with a fridge and a micro-wave. Many convenient storage areas are incorporated within the walls. A corridor leads to a bathroom featuring a shower cubicle and toilets. This district is located right behind the train station St. Lazare, ideally accessible through RER or metro. The Europe district is appreciated by families; it is a p	Saint-Lazare and Haussmann are only a few steps away from this peaceful neighborhood, where a spirit of closeness prevails and where you can see many cut-stone buildings. Located in one of those, this pleasant studio offers a functional accommodation It’s a very well-maintained building. It is located on the ground floor and has views on the street.  The ground floor is bright and well-isolated from the outside. This large studio is carefully arranged and was originally decorated. The main room is very bright and includes a comfortable 160 cm convertible sofa, a flat screen TV and a table. A mezzanine offerss a 120 cm bed. The lovely kitchenette is equipped with a fridge and a micro-wave. Many convenient storage areas are incorporated within the walls. A corridor leads to a bathroom featuring a shower cubicle and toilets. This district is located right behind the train station St. Lazare, ideally accessible through RER or metro. The Europe district is appreciated by families; it is a p
17343		Le studette est de 10m2 habitable, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, dispose une douche, WC privée le lit d'une personne est en mezzanine, dans le quartier des Batignoles, près Métro Rome, place de Clichy et gare Saint Lazare, tous commerces, cinéma
17344	Located  on the Avenue des Champs Elysees, facing the Claridge, the residence offers apartments in the typical Haussmannien style and Parisian luxury. The building includes an elevator and is facing a little quiet courtyard and some of the apartments on the higher floors have a view on the Eiffel Tower and the Paris rooftops. The entrance of the building is secured. Each apartment has a large surface area and has been decorated with precision and modern furniture. High ceilings, moldings and renovated bathroom with a modern finish.	Located  on the Avenue des Champs Elysees, facing the Claridge, the residence offers apartments in the typical Haussmannien style and Parisian luxury. The building includes an elevator and is facing a little quiet courtyard and some of the apartments on the higher floors have a view on the Eiffel Tower and the Paris rooftops. The entrance of the building is secured. Each apartment has a large surface area and has been decorated with precision and modern furniture. High ceilings, moldings and renovated bathroom with a modern finish.
17345	"THE APARTMENT Luxury meets at an unbeatable address for this apartment. Two blocks from Champs Elysees Avenue, often referred to as ""the world's most beautiful street""!  at the crossing with George V Avenue. This 80 sq/meters Paris apartment will be your best choice for a magical stay in Paris. Located on a quiet and charming street, there is nothing about Paris you will miss. What's more, here you will have the best of it all. This spacious one bedroom apartment has just been renovated by an architect to have the feel of a 5-star hotel in a Gianni Versace style. The living room is spacious (featuring a Roche & Bobois leather sofa doublé bed, and also single desing bed), and a design dining area. A flat-screen TV offers the creature comforts of home. The very spacious bedroom has a king size bed that can split into 2 single beds, and very large closets as well. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances and fixtures. It's a comfortable place in which to prepare your Parisian-"	"Luxury meets at an unbeatable address for this apartment. 2 blocks from Champs Elysees Avenue, often referred to as ""the world's most beautiful street""!  There is nothing about Paris you will miss. What's more, here you will have the best of it all. THE APARTMENT Luxury meets at an unbeatable address for this apartment. Two blocks from Champs Elysees Avenue, often referred to as ""the world's most beautiful street""!  at the crossing with George V Avenue. This 80 sq/meters Paris apartment will be your best choice for a magical stay in Paris. Located on a quiet and charming street, there is nothing about Paris you will miss. What's more, here you will have the best of it all. This spacious one bedroom apartment has just been renovated by an architect to have the feel of a 5-star hotel in a Gianni Versace style. The living room is spacious (featuring a Roche & Bobois leather sofa doublé bed, and also single desing bed), and a design dining area. A flat-screen TV offers the creature comfort"
17346	Nice and light 45 sqm apartment totally refurbished in 2012, at 2nd floor located in the 17th arrondissement in the heart of Batignolles. Ideally located, the Batignolles is a pleasant, quiet, safe and typical Parisian “district” with many trendy bars and restaurants. It’s near the most famous places in Paris such as Moulin Rouge-Pigalle (0.5mile), Montmartre (0.7mile), Opera Garnier & Galerie Lafayette (1mile), Champs Elysees & place de la Concorde & Grand Palais & Sacré Coeur (1.2miles), place Vendome (1.3miles), Louvre & Arc de Triomphe (1.6miles), Invalides (1.7miles), Musée d’Orsay (1.9miles), Tour Eiffel & Saint Germain des Prés & centre Pompidou (2.4miles). Very well served by public transportation: 2-3min walk from Metro Rome (M.2) and place de clichy (M.2 & 13), 10min walk from gare St Lazare (M. (phone number hidden)): (website hidden) It accommodates 4 people with a 160*200cm double bed in the bedroom and a 140*200cm double sofa bed (high comfort) in the living room. The apa	Nice and light 45 sqm apartment totally refurbished in 2012, at 2nd floor located in the 17th arrondissement in the heart of Batignolles. Ideally located, the Batignolles is a pleasant, quiet, safe and typical Parisian “district” with many trendy bars and restaurants. It’s near the most famous places in Paris such as Moulin Rouge-Pigalle (0.5mile), Montmartre (0.7mile), Opera Garnier & Galerie Lafayette (1mile), Champs Elysees & place de la Concorde & Grand Palais & Sacré Coeur (1.2miles), place Vendome (1.3miles), Louvre & Arc de Triomphe (1.6miles), Invalides (1.7miles), Musée d’Orsay (1.9miles), Tour Eiffel & Saint Germain des Prés & centre Pompidou (2.4miles). Very well served by public transportation: 2-3min walk from Metro Rome (M.2) and place de clichy (M.2 & 13), 10min walk from gare St Lazare (M. (phone number hidden)): (website hidden) It accommodates 4 people with a 160*200cm double bed in the bedroom and a 140*200cm double sofa bed (high comfort) in the living room. The apa
17347	Paris rental apartment that is in a very high standing building that is very well taken care of by the maid who lives there. Access is secured by a code and then an intercom. The Paris rental flat in on the 7th and last floor with a lift. The furniture and also the decoration are top quality and designed with great taste. Comfort, pleasure for the eyes and easy way of living were the main focuses in the preparation of this fantastic Paris loft. It will be the perfect base for you during your Paris stay. Safe, homely and pleasant, here lies the sweet retreat you have been searching for. The entrance if this apartment to rent in Paris has many closets where you can store all your belongings. There is also a magnificent piece of furniture in rosetree wood. The unique room of this Paris loft has a very comfortable Murphy bed, which optimizes the space, and a rolling table on which you can have breakfast (from the bed) or dinner with friends. A larger table is left at your disposal, just at	This luxury Paris apartment, available to rent at a very fair rate, will perfectly suit honeymooners, a small family or friends who want to have an authentic and original home close to the most beautiful avenue in the world. Paris rental apartment that is in a very high standing building that is very well taken care of by the maid who lives there. Access is secured by a code and then an intercom. The Paris rental flat in on the 7th and last floor with a lift. The furniture and also the decoration are top quality and designed with great taste. Comfort, pleasure for the eyes and easy way of living were the main focuses in the preparation of this fantastic Paris loft. It will be the perfect base for you during your Paris stay. Safe, homely and pleasant, here lies the sweet retreat you have been searching for. The entrance if this apartment to rent in Paris has many closets where you can store all your belongings. There is also a magnificent piece of furniture in rosetree wood. The unique 
17348	"Very cosy appartement located in the Batignolles Area !  You ll find lots of restaurants and bar around to chill out !  Near Place clichy and ""Rom"" tube you ll reach All places in Paris very easily !  The flat is a very light 35 m2 on the 4th floor with exposed south: A quite bedroom with a double bed (140x200) on the courtyard side Living room and dinner table  Music station where you can plug your phone, Ipods etc.. Nice bathroom, with ahir dyer, soaop towels Separated toilet , Small but well organised kitchen !! Oven, electric pannel, fridge and all necessaries stuff to cook And a very sunny balcony with a hamac, table and chairs  to enjoy a glass of wine while taking the sun.. You will find everything you need, towels, shits, waching machine , and of course wifi access !  If you have any questions, I ll be happy to answer !"	"A lovely place to stay and enjoy the parisian life style and be surronded by local parisian. It's a real village where you will find everything you need within 5 min by walk ! Very cosy appartement located in the Batignolles Area !  You ll find lots of restaurants and bar around to chill out !  Near Place clichy and ""Rom"" tube you ll reach All places in Paris very easily !  The flat is a very light 35 m2 on the 4th floor with exposed south: A quite bedroom with a double bed (140x200) on the courtyard side Living room and dinner table  Music station where you can plug your phone, Ipods etc.. Nice bathroom, with ahir dyer, soaop towels Separated toilet , Small but well organised kitchen !! Oven, electric pannel, fridge and all necessaries stuff to cook And a very sunny balcony with a hamac, table and chairs  to enjoy a glass of wine while taking the sun.. You will find everything you need, towels, shits, waching machine , and of course wifi access !  If you have any questions, I ll be ha"
17349	Appartement de 42 m², situé au fond de la cour du bâtiment- 1er étage (sans ascenseur)comprenant :   -Cuisine équipée (Frigidaire/ plaque électrique/ grille pain/ cafetière / Micro onde/ ustensiles de cuisine...)  -salle de douche ( douche/w.c/ lavabo)- Coin séjour/chambre: 1 Lit (deux places)- 1 Canapé-lit convertible (deux places) - bureau ,T.V, WIFI, PLACARD.	Situé au fond de la cour du bâtiment- 1er étage (sans ascenseur) appartement calme et agréable comprenant: 1 séjour/chambre à coucher  Une cuisine aménagée 1 salle de douche Capacité: 4 personnes max Appartement de 42 m², situé au fond de la cour du bâtiment- 1er étage (sans ascenseur)comprenant :   -Cuisine équipée (Frigidaire/ plaque électrique/ grille pain/ cafetière / Micro onde/ ustensiles de cuisine...)  -salle de douche ( douche/w.c/ lavabo)- Coin séjour/chambre: 1 Lit (deux places)- 1 Canapé-lit convertible (deux places) - bureau ,T.V, WIFI, PLACARD. Draps et serviettes fournies le jour de l'arrivée. Immeuble situé dans une rue commerçante, beaucoup de bons restaurants. Studio situé à côté de l'avenue des Champs Elysées. Metro proche de l'appartement:  Station Franklin D.Roosevelt ligne1 et 9                                                             Station Saint Philippe du Roule ligne9 Respecter la propreté des lieux.
17350		Bienvenu dans mon appartement de 4 pièces. Allez visiter les Champs Elysées à 200 m. seulement de l'appartement, faites votre shopping dans les merveilleuses boutiques de la plus belle avenue du monde et revenez vous relaxer dans le coin salon TV!
17351	Our One bedroom apartment has all the comfort as a home can have, sunny and bright, in a beautiful location, in front of the Grand Palais between La Seine and the Champs Élysées. Perfect for 2 an Cosy for 4, one bed + one murphy bed. great for short visits. 	Our One bedroom apartment has all the comfort as a home can have, sunny and bright, in a beautiful location, in front of the Grand Palais between La Seine and the Champs Élysées. Perfect for 2 an Cosy for 4, one bed + one murphy bed. great for short visits. 
17352	70m2   wood floor/ high ceiling with  fire place. Entrance / Big Living room / Bedroom suit / Kitchen . 200 meters from the Champs Elysées  	The situation of the appartement is on the Champs Elysée - Faubourg St Honoré. The best shopping area  / Musée grand Palais / Avenue Montaigne / Arc de Triomphe / Concorde / Musée du Louvre  70m2   wood floor/ high ceiling with  fire place. Entrance / Big Living room / Bedroom suit / Kitchen . 200 meters from the Champs Elysées  Metro /Subway on the Champs Elysees.  Shopping /Musées /restaurants /Cinema. everything that you need is here! Musées / Shopping / Cinema/ restaurants / Bars /Clubs. Metro ligne 1 / Ligne 9 
17353	This typical XIX century Paris appartement is located at the bottom of the champs Elysées next to the presidential palais. It has one small cosy room for rent, one room occupied by the hosts, one very big livingroom, a bathroom with a bathtub and a kitchen with all the appliances for a total of aproximatly 700 ft2. Ideal type of place to live in if you visit Paris, you will be staying in a beautiful bourgeois and calm appartement that perfectly fits in the parisian atmosphere. It is located near every major museums and 15 min away from the effeil tower by bus. There are many restaurants and stores in this neighbourhood, lots of shopping to do since it is next to the avenue Montaigne and rue du faubourg st Honoré. Since it is next to the presidential palais the street is guarded and the neighbourhood is very safe. Just 5 minutes away from ligne 1 and 13 (champs elysées clemenceau) wich is the main subway line, it is also 5 minutes away from line 9 and very easy to access if you come fro	Artist couple sublet a small and cosy bed room per night in the very chic Champs Elysée area This typical XIX century Paris appartement is located at the bottom of the champs Elysées next to the presidential palais. It has one small cosy room for rent, one room occupied by the hosts, one very big livingroom, a bathroom with a bathtub and a kitchen with all the appliances for a total of aproximatly 700 ft2. Ideal type of place to live in if you visit Paris, you will be staying in a beautiful bourgeois and calm appartement that perfectly fits in the parisian atmosphere. It is located near every major museums and 15 min away from the effeil tower by bus. There are many restaurants and stores in this neighbourhood, lots of shopping to do since it is next to the avenue Montaigne and rue du faubourg st Honoré. Since it is next to the presidential palais the street is guarded and the neighbourhood is very safe. Just 5 minutes away from ligne 1 and 13 (champs elysées clemenceau) wich is the ma
17354		Propongo soggiorno in bilocale 5 posti letto tra Avenue de Champs-Elysées e Faubourg Saint-Honoré, climatizzato, mansardato e luminoso, con cucina e bagno. Posizione  affascinante e centralissima (8° arrondissement).
17355		Superbe studio de 35m² à deux minutes des Champs Elysées et proche du parc monceau. L'appartement donne sur un jardin au calme, Idéal pour une ou deux personnes.. Parking privatif et gardien jour et nuit. 
17356		Large independant  bedroom 40m2 Beautiful bathroom Micro waves, Washing machine, internet 100 m Champs-Elysées and metro Georges V Quiecy, sunny and green Near to Parc Monceau , Fbg St-Honore, department stores and museum
17357	Studio de 40 m2 agréable au 6eme étage d'un immeuble moderne avec ascenseur. Très bien situé à 5 minutes de l'arc de triomphe et des Champs-Elysées. Vous pourrez profiter de son charme et de son calme. Vu sur cours mais vous pourrez admirer la Tour Eiffel à loisir.	Nice Studio (40 m2) on the 6th floor of a modern building with elevator. Very well located, 5 minutes from the arc de triomphe and the Champs-Elysées. You can enjoy its charm and calm. Seen on course but you can admire the Eiffel Tower at leisure. Studio de 40 m2 agréable au 6eme étage d'un immeuble moderne avec ascenseur. Très bien situé à 5 minutes de l'arc de triomphe et des Champs-Elysées. Vous pourrez profiter de son charme et de son calme. Vu sur cours mais vous pourrez admirer la Tour Eiffel à loisir. Metro: Saint-Philippe-du-Roule ligne 9 George V ligne 1 Charles de gaules - Étoile ligne 2,6 et RER A Bus: Arrêt Friedland-Haussmann ligne (phone number hidden) Metro: Saint-Philippe-du-Roule ligne 9 George V ligne 1 Charles de gaules - Étoile ligne 2,6 et RER A Bus: Arrêt Friedland-Haussmann ligne (phone number hidden) Caution: 500€ Ménage: 30€
17358	Beautiful 59m² flat. 1 Bedroom and a convertible sofa. All shops nearby (shopping center, pharmacies, bakeries, greengrocers, restaurants and souvenir shops). The flat is very bright thanks to large windows overlooking the garden and inner courtyard. Interior is cosy and modern: The Kitchen Is Fully equipped (dishwasher, cooker, fridge, microwave oven, washing machine, etc.) Bathroom is convenient with a large bathtub Beautiful living room is very welcoming and confy with a piano, a television, a large friendly table and a very comfortable corner sofa (Kingsize), easy and convenient to fold and unfold. This quiet and welcoming apartment will charm you with its location in the heart of Paris.	Beautiful, quiet apartment of 60 sqm brand new, in the very heart of Paris. Ideal for enjoying the city and relax. One bedroom flat with possibility to host a total of 3 people. Beautiful 59m² flat. 1 Bedroom and a convertible sofa. All shops nearby (shopping center, pharmacies, bakeries, greengrocers, restaurants and souvenir shops). The flat is very bright thanks to large windows overlooking the garden and inner courtyard. Interior is cosy and modern: The Kitchen Is Fully equipped (dishwasher, cooker, fridge, microwave oven, washing machine, etc.) Bathroom is convenient with a large bathtub Beautiful living room is very welcoming and confy with a piano, a television, a large friendly table and a very comfortable corner sofa (Kingsize), easy and convenient to fold and unfold. This quiet and welcoming apartment will charm you with its location in the heart of Paris. The appartement is located in the Saint Lazare neighborhood, 8th district of Paris.  It's one of the best possible locati
17359	The 25sq.m. studio is located in the heart of the 8e district in a well maintained building with concierge .  Moreover, the studio is to the internal courtyard of the building providing total silence and view to the bushes and small garden of the property. In the same time being on the groundfloor there are no worries of carrying luggage up and down through lifts.  It is freshly furnished, carefully decorated and you will find in the kitchen everything to prepare a breakfast or a meal.  Everything that a traveler is looking for is JUST there,... walking distance!!! The metro ( without any noise from it ) is just 40 meters away, best boulangeries and restaurants outside your doorstep, numerous clubs and pubs around the area, the heart of Champs Elysees ( Rue La Boetie or Avenue Franklin Roosevelt intersections with Champs Elysees ) is excactly 300 meters and sightseeings like Arc de Triumph, Concorde, Palais Royal etc on a pleasant walking distance. In case you would like a parking spac	The 25sq.m. studio is located in the heart of the 8e district in a well maintained building with concierge .  Moreover, the studio is to the internal courtyard of the building providing total silence and view to the bushes and small garden of the property. In the same time being on the groundfloor there are no worries of carrying luggage up and down through lifts.  It is freshly furnished, carefully decorated and you will find in the kitchen everything to prepare a breakfast or a meal.  Everything that a traveler is looking for is JUST there,... walking distance!!! The metro ( without any noise from it ) is just 40 meters away, best boulangeries and restaurants outside your doorstep, numerous clubs and pubs around the area, the heart of Champs Elysees ( Rue La Boetie or Avenue Franklin Roosevelt intersections with Champs Elysees ) is excactly 300 meters and sightseeings like Arc de Triumph, Concorde, Palais Royal etc on a pleasant walking distance. In case you would like a parking spac
17360	Sleep in luxury and near Etoile, Eiffel Tower, La Seine. Around 220 sqm. 5 rooms, 2.5 bathrooms, 1.5 living room, 1 dining room, 1 kitchen. Live in the Parisian style designed in classic Haussmannian style - luxurious, high ceiling, and cozy. It is very spacious with a view of Seine River and Eiffel Tower.	Spacious & located in golden triangle. Feel cozy, luxurious & right at home. Near designer boutiques, world-renowned hotels, La Seine, & Champs-Elysee. Enjoy a nice view of Eiffel tower. Easy access to subway, taxi, bus. Sleep in luxury and near Etoile, Eiffel Tower, La Seine. Around 220 sqm. 5 rooms, 2.5 bathrooms, 1.5 living room, 1 dining room, 1 kitchen. Live in the Parisian style designed in classic Haussmannian style - luxurious, high ceiling, and cozy. It is very spacious with a view of Seine River and Eiffel Tower. You have access to entire apartment. The apartment is located in 8th arrondissement, also called the golden triangle. You can get a taxi from the station right in front of the street. Easy access to bus, and subway. A taxi station is right across the street. Alma-Marceau subway station is right around the corner of the avenue (Line 9). I will be happy to answer any questions.
17361	Newly restorated in an enjoyable Hausmannian neighborhood with a nice decoration and all services included , ideal for a Lady for instance : wifi , dish cleaner , washer , oven , etc.	A great spot to experience and visit Paris : a tailormade 40m2 appartment newly restored at entrance of Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré & Rue Royale , right near Places de la Concorde and de la Madeleine. I look forward to hosting you with pleasure ! Best regards ! Newly restorated in an enjoyable Hausmannian neighborhood with a nice decoration and all services included , ideal for a Lady for instance : wifi , dish cleaner , washer , oven , etc.
17362	The 14 square meters living room has a double glazed window facing street . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, sofa, TV, decorative fireplace, built-in shelves, hard wood floor. The open kitchen has a double glazed window facing street . It is equipped with : fridge, electric burner, small washer under the sink. The 8 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing street . It is equipped with : double sofa bed, built-in wall closet, hard wood floor. There is a large mezzanine which can be used as a storage space. 	This cozy 26 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Tronchet in the 8th arrondissement, on the 6 th French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 3 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, TV, fireplace. The 14 square meters living room has a double glazed window facing street . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, sofa, TV, decorative fireplace, built-in shelves, hard wood floor. The open kitchen has a double glazed window facing street . It is equipped with : fridge, electric burner, small washer under the sink. The 8 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing street . It is equipped with : double sofa bed, built-in wall closet, hard wood floor. There is a large mezzanine which can be used as a storage space. 
17363		Petit appartement  (2 pièces de 20 m²) dans immeuble pierre de taille Haussmannien, en plein cœur du quartier Villiers, à 300 m du Parc Monceau, du Marche quotidien Lévy, ensoleillé, deux pièces a vivre , salle de bains /WC /douche. Très fonctionnel.
17364	Agréable, lumineux et au calme ( pour passer des nuits paisible ) , situé a 5mn a pied de Saint Lazare !! logement fonctionnel idéalement placé et proche toutes commodités  !!	6 eme étage ac ascenseur, vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris, proche des gd magasins pour faire du shopping , de l'opera garniers pour le tourisme , de l'avenue de Clichy et gd boulevard pour les sorties !!  Station Europe au pied de l'immeuble ( L3) Agréable, lumineux et au calme ( pour passer des nuits paisible ) , situé a 5mn a pied de Saint Lazare !! logement fonctionnel idéalement placé et proche toutes commodités  !! le logement sera a votre entière disposition. le metro EUROPE (L3) est situé juste en face de l'immeuble. la ligne 3 est une ligne de métro centrale. vous pourrez accéder a l'hypercentre de paris ( Art et métier) / (Temple ) etc.. en 10 mn. A 5 mn a pied de Saint lazare , vous y trouverez une multitude de ligne vous emmenant ou vous le souhaitez.
17365	Very spacious and bright apartment. There is enough room for every guest to have privacy.	Our renovated apartment is located in Avenue Montaigne, in a safe and chic neighborhood 5 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. It is in the first floor  can host up to 10 guests into 4 separated rooms and 1 sofa bed in the living room, 2 bathrooms. Very spacious and bright apartment. There is enough room for every guest to have privacy. We will be happy to assist you with any tip or service you might need. The neighborhood is typically Parisian chic with all big brands surrounding the building: Chanel, Dior, Chloé ... It is also very close to the Champs-Elysées.  Restaurants: Antoine 10 avenue de New-York (phone number hidden) (seafood) Okuda 7 rue de la Tremoille (phone number hidden) (Japanese) Le Confidentiel 6 Rue Robert Estienne (phone number hidden) (Halal) Very accessible to public transportation for a pleasant visit of the  City. There usually are free parking lots in the neighboring streets. You will find every equipment you need to enjoy your stay. You will easily feel at ho
17366	Very quiet and bright flat located in a modern building, at the 4th floor with elevator. The studio is overlooking the courtyard, it has a little balcony, and you'll be at less than 10mn walking distance of Les Champs Elysées. The studio is equiped with all the amenities for a great stay in Paris: internet high speed wireless, little kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, very secure building.	Very quiet and bright flat located in a modern building, at the 4th floor with elevator. The studio is overlooking the courtyard, it has a little balcony, and you'll be at less than 10mn walking distance of Les Champs Elysées.  Very quiet and bright flat located in a modern building, at the 4th floor with elevator. The studio is overlooking the courtyard, it has a little balcony, and you'll be at less than 10mn walking distance of Les Champs Elysées. The studio is equiped with all the amenities for a great stay in Paris: internet high speed wireless, little kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, very secure building. At 500 meters from the Champs Elysées and close to the famous Lido. Many restaurants and cinemas. Quiet area with all shops nearby. Several metro lines within 300 meters. The Champs-Elysées neighborhood crosses the 8th arrondissement. Paris’s most famous avenue: the Avenue des Champs-Elysées is a place for walking, shopping, and business. At night it also becomes the avenue for b
17367	The entrance door of this 20 (website hidden) apartment leads directly to the kitchen area, which has a steel cooktop with a single fire stove and a sink. The kitchen is equipped for quick meals and a window on the right is useful for ventilation. In front of the stove there is a table with two stools.  The sleeping area is separated from the rest of the house by two sliding curtains. Here there are a double bed (140cm) with some useful shelves that can be used as a bookcase or bedside tables, a white lacquered console with a TV and a spacious built-in closet. The bathroom consists of a shower, a sink and a toilet.	Charming studio apartment in Paris, renovated at the end of 2012, located on the second floor of a building (without elevator) between the Champs Elysées and Boulevard Malesherbes in the 8th arrondissement, one of the most requested area of the city. The entrance door of this 20 (website hidden) apartment leads directly to the kitchen area, which has a steel cooktop with a single fire stove and a sink. The kitchen is equipped for quick meals and a window on the right is useful for ventilation. In front of the stove there is a table with two stools.  The sleeping area is separated from the rest of the house by two sliding curtains. Here there are a double bed (140cm) with some useful shelves that can be used as a bookcase or bedside tables, a white lacquered console with a TV and a spacious built-in closet. The bathroom consists of a shower, a sink and a toilet. Guests have access to the entire apartment, and have full use of the kitchen. Sheets and towels are provided for free.  Upon a
17368		This loft is modern new and renovated by an interior designer. The ambiance is relaxing and the flat was shaped in a Parisian, zen atmosphere.
17369	Looking for that perfect apartment for your next Parisian vacation? Look no more.... This charming apartment (29m²/312sq.ft) located in a central and elegant Parisian district: the IIX arrondissement. This arrondissement (district) is perfect for visiting some of Paris’ best attractions with ease. Famous Parisian landmarks such as Les Champs Elysées, la Place de la Concorde, Haussman shopping district, the Louvre Museum and L ‘Opera are all accessible by foot. This apartment is also walking distance to Paris’ vast transportation network, nearby Metro stations include: Madeleine (2 min), Métros St Augustin and  Havre-Caumartin (3 min) and Métro St Lazare (5 min). You will also gain access to various Bus stops (M8, M12, M14, M9, M3, M13 and M1) and Paris’ suburban train network the RER.  With so many transportation options, you’ll be able to easily visit Paris’ iconic landmarks! The apartment is very clean and cozy and is located on the 4th floor (lift is available) of a luxurious Hausma	Looking for that perfect apartment for your next Parisian vacation? Look no more.... This charming apartment (29m²/312sq.ft) located in a central and elegant Parisian district: the IIX arrondissement. This arrondissement (district) is perfect for visiting some of Paris’ best attractions with ease. Famous Parisian landmarks such as Les Champs Elysées, la Place de la Concorde, Haussman shopping district, the Louvre Museum and L ‘Opera are all accessible by foot. This apartment is also walking distance to Paris’ vast transportation network, nearby Metro stations include: Madeleine (2 min), Métros St Augustin and  Havre-Caumartin (3 min) and Métro St Lazare (5 min). You will also gain access to various Bus stops (M8, M12, M14, M9, M3, M13 and M1) and Paris’ suburban train network the RER.  With so many transportation options, you’ll be able to easily visit Paris’ iconic landmarks! The apartment is very clean and cozy and is located on the 4th floor (lift is available) of a luxurious Hausma
17370	"Very nice place in center Paris. Close to the Champs-Elysées, department stores ""les grands magasins"" (Galleries Lafayette...), Parc monceau... "	"You will like this small place in the heart of the city. It's perfect for a few days to visit Paris. Luminous, convenient and welcoming, this place is made for one or two person(s). Very nice place in center Paris. Close to the Champs-Elysées, department stores ""les grands magasins"" (Galleries Lafayette...), Parc monceau... Very convenient neighborhood with cafés, supermarkets, bars, restaurants, boulangerie (bakery), pharmacy... Metro: Saint-Philippe du Roule (9)              Franklin D. Roosevelt (1)              Miromesnil (13) Bus: (phone number hidden) Velib One remark, 7 flights of stairs & no elevator"
17371	"Located in the luxury street ""rue Saint Honoré"" between Le Louvre, Les Tuileries, l'Eglise Saint Roch, Le Palais Royal, etc... "	"This lovely appartment of 50 sqm (1 bedroom) is located in the heart of Paris at 200 meters from ""Le Louvre"". It has been fully renovated early 2013 and is fully equiped. You will benefit from a charming and refurbished appartment located in a luxury district.  Located in the luxury street ""rue Saint Honoré"" between Le Louvre, Les Tuileries, l'Eglise Saint Roch, Le Palais Royal, etc... Easy acces by metro with 4 lines (line 01, line 7 and line 14 and RER A).  The most fashionable and trendy district of Paris Metro with lines 1, 7 and 14.  RER with line A.  Buses Lines with direct acces allover Paris and Disneyland."
17372	"Very close to Place de la Concorde and Madeleine Church, the apartment is Located in a very quiet residential area.  It has been recently renovated. You Will find a modern equipment in the living-room as well as in the kitchen.  The flat is very functional and colorful decorated.  The Bedroom includes a mezzanine with a double bed + (in the living room there is a sofa for 2 persons).  Living-room with an integrated American kitchen:  Flat TV with cable (many channels),  A DVD player,  A telephone: you can call for free in many Countries,  A Internet  with Wi-Fi The  fully equipped Kitchen: ceram 2 hotplates, microwave, toaster, washing-drying machine, fridge-freezer, etc. ...  Bathroom: toilet with integrated shower.  No lift 5th floor! ... Because you must deserve it!  The location of the flat is very central, very close to the beautiful Parc Monceau,  Shopping facilities, in 2min walking distance. Great public transportations: 5 min by foot to the metro station ""Europe"" (line 3)/ Wal"	"Very close to Place de la Concorde and Madeleine Church, the apartment is Located in a very quiet residential area.  It has been recently renovated. You Will find a modern equipment in the living-room as well as in the kitchen.  The flat is very functional and colorful decorated.  The Bedroom includes a mezzanine with a double bed + (in the living room there is a sofa for 2 persons).  Living-room with an integrated American kitchen:  Flat TV with cable (many channels),  A DVD player,  A telephone: you can call for free in many Countries,  A Internet  with Wi-Fi The  fully equipped Kitchen: ceram 2 hotplates, microwave, toaster, washing-drying machine, fridge-freezer, etc. ...  Bathroom: toilet with integrated shower.  No lift 5th floor! ... Because you must deserve it!  The location of the flat is very central, very close to the beautiful Parc Monceau,  Shopping facilities, in 2min walking distance. Great public transportations: 5 min by foot to the metro station ""Europe"" (line 3)/ Wal"
17373		Cozy apartment of 92 square meters, fully furnished, you just have to bring your luggages!   There are two bedrooms, ideal for familly  - one double bed - And two single beds. For the renting one month or more than one month, the electricity is NOT included. • A few days before your arrival, you will receive an email with information about our agent in charge of your Check-in & Check-out. • Once you are in Paris, you will have to sign the lease.  • We provide sheets, duvets, pillows and towels as well as the need for cooking. An internet connection with WIFI access is also available.
17374	There is a gap between the calm atmosphere in the building and the crowd in the street. The apartment is located on the 5th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. You will have a view of the courtyard and the roofs of the neighboring buildings. This studio is a real cocoon. Near the entrance you will find a nice living space with a furnished kitchen, a living room and a dining area. Steps lead to the mezzanine used as a bedroom with a comfortable 140 cm bed. The modest size bathroom still has a spacious shower. There are storage facilities. The flat style is a subtle mix of design and a warm atmosphere.  The large windows provide to the flat a nice brightness, and give the opportunity to look at the sky and Parisian rooftops.	This comfortable studio is perfectly arranged and can accommodate up to two people. You will be charmed by its warm and convivial atmosphere. Located in the Madeleine neighborhood you will be in the heart of one the most upscale neighborhoods. There is a gap between the calm atmosphere in the building and the crowd in the street. The apartment is located on the 5th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. You will have a view of the courtyard and the roofs of the neighboring buildings. This studio is a real cocoon. Near the entrance you will find a nice living space with a furnished kitchen, a living room and a dining area. Steps lead to the mezzanine used as a bedroom with a comfortable 140 cm bed. The modest size bathroom still has a spacious shower. There are storage facilities. The flat style is a subtle mix of design and a warm atmosphere.  The large windows provide to the flat a nice brightness, and give the opportunity to look at the sky and Parisian rooftops. The east side o
17375	Luxurious 8th floor apartment with balcony in the heart of Paris. If you want to stay and live like a real Parisian, choose this apartment. In the highly desirable neighbourhood of the 8th arrondissement. A building digicode inter-phone. A large lounge with 2 sofa beds(1person each, very comfortable), phone, TV cable + DVD player. A fully equipped and modern kitchen microwave, dishwasher, fridge. A bedroom with double bed, en suite bathroom with a combination shower/bath. Washing machine and WC. Metro St Augustin 2minutes walk away 15 minutes walk from the champs Elysées 10 minutes from la Madeleine church, galleries Lafayette... Food shops nearby 	Luxurious 8th floor apartment with balcony in the heart of Paris. If you want to stay and live like a real Parisian, choose this apartment. In the highly desirable neighbourhood of the 8th arrondissement. A building digicode inter-phone. A large lounge with 2 sofa beds(1person each, very comfortable), phone, TV cable + DVD player. A fully equipped and modern kitchen microwave, dishwasher, fridge. A bedroom with double bed, en suite bathroom with a combination shower/bath. Washing machine and WC. Metro St Augustin 2minutes walk away 15 minutes walk from the champs Elysées 10 minutes from la Madeleine church, galleries Lafayette... Food shops nearby 
17376	Calm and bright, charming apartment located on the third floor of a secured building. The apartment offers : an entrance, a living room with an american kitchen, a bedroom with window and closets, and a bathroom with a tub. The apartment also include a washing machine, a TV and wifi. Very bright and cosy, you will immediatly feel at home in this tastefully decorated apartment!  Sorry for the quality of the photos, I took them with my cellphone.. I will take soon plenty of wonderful photos with a professional camera !	Welcome to your cozy Parisian home!  This apartment of 30 sqm is located in one of the most luxurious neighborhood. Very close to the Parc Monceau, the Champs Elysees, Haussman and the Opera, it will be a perfect fit for your next Parisian holidays! Calm and bright, charming apartment located on the third floor of a secured building. The apartment offers : an entrance, a living room with an american kitchen, a bedroom with window and closets, and a bathroom with a tub. The apartment also include a washing machine, a TV and wifi. Very bright and cosy, you will immediatly feel at home in this tastefully decorated apartment!  Sorry for the quality of the photos, I took them with my cellphone.. I will take soon plenty of wonderful photos with a professional camera ! The living room offers :  - a sofa bed for two - a table - a cable TV  - free wifi access  The kitchen offers :  - a refrigerator  - two cooktops  - plates, water glasses, wine glasses, champagne flutes, coffee cups, tea cups, 
17377	I propose, near the Champs Elysées in my apartment I occupy with my son, for women only, a room of 15 m2 with ensuite Private bathroom (bath) and personal toilet, wifi, office table nightstand, 6 drawer dresser, double bed.   Sheets, pillows, duvet covers and are provided.   We will share kitchen, appliances, machine washing clothes and dishes.   The person will be respectful of everyone's privacy The parts required are: photocopy of identity papers, proof of salary, one month deposit, not APL 's or couple, no pets. The nearest metro station is Franklin Roosevelt 50 meters. Contact me by such the (phone number hidden) .... See you soon and good Search!!	I propose, near the Champs Elysées in my apartment I occupy with my son, for women only, a room of 15 m2 with ensuite Private bathroom (bath) and personal toilet, wifi, office table nightstand, 6 drawer dresser, double bed.   Sheets, pillows, duvet covers and are provided.   We will share kitchen, appliances, machine washing clothes and dishes.   The person will be respectful of everyone's privacy The parts required are: photocopy of identity papers, proof of salary, one month deposit, not APL 's or couple, no pets. The nearest metro station is Franklin Roosevelt 50 meters. Contact me by such the (phone number hidden) .... See you soon and good Search!!
17378		Appartement familial de 2 chambres : 1 couple + 1 chambre bébé équipée. A proximité du métro, 15 minutes des Champs Elysées, 15 minutes des grands magasins. Quartier familial à proximité des commerces. Joli balcon pour petits déjeuners au soleil.
17379	Cosy studio in the heart of Paris, 3 mins from Champs-Elysées and 5 mins from Opéra, Place de la Concorde and Louvre! Amazing location!! Safe apartment w/ typical Parisian loggia. Washing-machine & lots of shelves! You will feel confortable and the best place for discovering Paris!	"Cosy studio in the heart of Paris, 3 mins from Champs-Elysées and 5 mins from Opéra, Place de la Concorde and Louvres! Amazing location!! Safe apartment w/ typical Parisian loggia Washing-machine! You will feel at ease and best for discovering Paris! Cosy studio in the heart of Paris, 3 mins from Champs-Elysées and 5 mins from Opéra, Place de la Concorde and Louvre! Amazing location!! Safe apartment w/ typical Parisian loggia. Washing-machine & lots of shelves! You will feel confortable and the best place for discovering Paris! Flat + Loggia (Typical Parisian ""garden"") It is my own appartment, I will be very helpful. Please feel free to contact me. Best Parisian neighborhood to stay, everybody can tell, just ask! Safe, Central, Typical, Beautiful! 2 mins from 2 different subways, 5 mins from Line 1, 10 mins from St-Lazare Station! Many bikes around, and buses all day and night! Do not hesitate to contact me. :)"
17380	4-room - 75m2- apartment in Haussmannian syle, high ceilings, mirror and chimeny, with one bedroom and a guest room, big enough to host up to 4 people. It si possible to accommodate a child on the sofa bed in the living room if need though. It is on the first floor of a nice and quiet 6-stories building. Located in the 8th district at walking distance to Champs Elysées, Galeries Lafayettes and Montmartre. Nice area with all facilities, transports, stores, restaurants, and parks.	4-room - 75m2- apartment in Haussmannian syle, high ceilings, mirror and chimeny, with one bedroom and a guest room, big enough to host up to 4 people. It si possible to accommodate a child on the sofa bed in the living room if need though. It is on the first floor of a nice and quiet 6-stories building. Located in the 8th district at walking distance to Champs Elysées, Galeries Lafayettes and Montmartre. Nice area with all facilities, transports, stores, restaurants, and parks.
17381	Find your own paradise at this exceptional flat, just around the corner from Avenue Montaigne. Its snow-white walls and open spaces offer spa-like tranquility. The sitting and dining rooms are smart and cheerful with bright pops of purple and yellow. Spacious corridors, striking artwork, and state-of-the-art amenities seem destined for entertaining visitors. Elegant, fully equipped, and outfitted for a family, the apartment Avenue Montaigne makes a luxurious setting that's bound to feel like home.	Snow-white walls and open spaces offer spa-like tranquility. The sitting and dining rooms are smart and cheerful with bright pops of purple and yellow. A luxurious setting that's bound to feel like home. Find your own paradise at this exceptional flat, just around the corner from Avenue Montaigne. Its snow-white walls and open spaces offer spa-like tranquility. The sitting and dining rooms are smart and cheerful with bright pops of purple and yellow. Spacious corridors, striking artwork, and state-of-the-art amenities seem destined for entertaining visitors. Elegant, fully equipped, and outfitted for a family, the apartment Avenue Montaigne makes a luxurious setting that's bound to feel like home. The guest will have access with the whole apartment. We are happy to offer you a complimentary private car service from any Parisian airport or train station for your arrival. Your English speaking driver will wait for your party outside the Customs doors/at the end of the relevant train plat
17382	This bright and cross-ways flat will be the perfect place to relax after a shopping or visit session. It is our personnal flat so you arranged it to feel comfortable and well, we wish you will feel the same. It has a sofa bed in case of 3/4 people.	Located few meters from Champs Elysees, you will enjoy being in the very heart of Paris. Our flat has a charming and boheme french style and is particularly bright. The building is hidden in a quiet lovely green courtyard.
17383	This bright apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building with elevator. Enter in the living room which has 2 sofas, a coffee table and cupboards. The living room is equipped with a television with DVD player. There is also an iPod dock, a wireless Internet connection and telephone with free calls to European and American fixed telephones. The bedroom area has a double bed.The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, a fridge, an oven, 4 induction hotplates, a Nespresso coffee maker and everything necessary for you to cook. There is also a dining area with a table for 6 people Finally the bathroom is complete with shower, washbasin, heated towel rail and toilet. The apartment also has a washing machine.	You are in the heart of Paris, just a few minutes' walking from the most famous avenues of Paris (Avenue des Champs Elysees, Boulevard Haussmann), Paris' shopping and Haute Couture hotspots.  This bright apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building with elevator. Enter in the living room which has 2 sofas, a coffee table and cupboards. The living room is equipped with a television with DVD player. There is also an iPod dock, a wireless Internet connection and telephone with free calls to European and American fixed telephones. The bedroom area has a double bed.The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, a fridge, an oven, 4 induction hotplates, a Nespresso coffee maker and everything necessary for you to cook. There is also a dining area with a table for 6 people Finally the bathroom is complete with shower, washbasin, heated towel rail and toilet. The apartment also has a washing machine. Alexandre vous accueillera à votre arrivée afin de vous montrer tout ce qu'il y a à s
17384	Grand studio de 40m2 au dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmanien , au centre de Paris. Proche des champs Elysées et à 500 m du palais de l'Elysée.  Charmant studio de 40m² cosy situé au 6ème et dernière étage avec ascenseur en plein coeur de Paris. Lumineux .  Studio avec mur qui sépare la chambre du salon. Votre pied à terre dispose d’un lit double. Un matelas supplémentaire futon 1place est mis à disposition. Egalement à votre disposition : une table et 2 tabourets, une grande armoire, des tiroirs et tout le nécessaire pour un séjour pratique et confortable. La cuisine est équipée d'un micro-ondes, d'un réfrigérateur et d'une table de cuisson. La salle de bains se compose d'une douche, lavabo et WC. L’immeuble est de style haussmannien. Wi-fi, TV et chaine Hifi Bang&Olufsen. Les charges (eau, éléctricité) sont offerts. Quartier du 8ème arrondissement, proche Palais de l'Elysée, à 5min à pied des Champs-Elysées et de la place de la Madeleine.  Quartier qui offre un compromis idéal entr	BAISSE DE PRIX DU 15 AU 31 AOÛT : 78€ Grand studio de 40m2 au dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmanien , au centre de Paris. Proche des champs Elysées et à 500 m du palais de l'Elysée. Grand studio de 40m2 au dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmanien , au centre de Paris. Proche des champs Elysées et à 500 m du palais de l'Elysée.  Charmant studio de 40m² cosy situé au 6ème et dernière étage avec ascenseur en plein coeur de Paris. Lumineux .  Studio avec mur qui sépare la chambre du salon. Votre pied à terre dispose d’un lit double. Un matelas supplémentaire futon 1place est mis à disposition. Egalement à votre disposition : une table et 2 tabourets, une grande armoire, des tiroirs et tout le nécessaire pour un séjour pratique et confortable. La cuisine est équipée d'un micro-ondes, d'un réfrigérateur et d'une table de cuisson. La salle de bains se compose d'une douche, lavabo et WC. L’immeuble est de style haussmannien. Wi-fi, TV et chaine Hifi Bang&Olufsen. Les charges (eau, éléctricité
17385		This 60m2 apartment is just perfect for a couple. The location is amazing - in the famous Parisian gold triangle: 1mn walking from Faubourg Saint Honoré, 5mn from Champs Elysées!! The interior design is nice and cozy
17386	Charming Duplex rue du faubourg Saint Honoré ! 1 bedroom with double-bed (140X190) 1 bathroom 1 kitchen opened on the living room. Internet and wifi. 5th floor without lift ;-). The bedroom is accessible with a charming little spiral stair. The entrance is between 2 restaurants and the area is very dynamic with lots of restaurants, the Salle pleyel, flower market, Champs-Elysées, clothes shops, museums (Musée Jacquemart André very close). Métro Ternes, bus (phone number hidden). RER Charles-de-Gaulle-Etoile 	Charming appartment very close to Champs-Elysées, with a very new kitchen all equiped, a confortable bedroom accessible with a typical 'Tour Eiffel' stair ! The best croissant-baguette in Paris (Elysées favourite Bakery!) is down the flat ! Charming Duplex rue du faubourg Saint Honoré ! 1 bedroom with double-bed (140X190) 1 bathroom 1 kitchen opened on the living room. Internet and wifi. 5th floor without lift ;-). The bedroom is accessible with a charming little spiral stair. The entrance is between 2 restaurants and the area is very dynamic with lots of restaurants, the Salle pleyel, flower market, Champs-Elysées, clothes shops, museums (Musée Jacquemart André very close). Métro Ternes, bus (phone number hidden). RER Charles-de-Gaulle-Etoile Guests have access to the entire appartment. We can exchange emails and speak by phone. I will not be present in the appartment when the guest will be inside. Les Champs Elysées, Salle Pleyel (concert Hall), Marché Poncelet (Food market), Parc Mo
17387		Comfortable and calm studio 2mins walk from St Lazare. Perfect for a single person or couple in town for a few days. The sofa is also a 2 person bed   1st floor - digicode + key Supermarket just down the flat  Subway Lines (phone number hidden) RER E
17388		Apartment situated right in the heart of the Champs-Elysées, done up like new by an architect, this apartment is completed to take advantage of the capital. Take advantage of his fully-equipped kitchen, air conditioning and Design, Free Wi-fi
17389	Very Beautiful studio of 30 sq meter tastefully furnished. Spacious with large main room, a single bed, a double sofa bed, a large table, a double window, a kitchen and a separate bathroom. The apartment is very cozy, located on the first floor of a beautiful 17th century building, ideal for a couple or single person. Located near the Parc Monceau, Galeries Lafayette, and rue de Villiers, where you can find a streetfood market at weekends.	Beautiful studio of 30 sq meter on 1st floor of a classified building. The apt has a very large and bright room, single bed and sofa bed, dining table, double window, kitchen and separate bathroom. Near Galeries Lafayette and Parc Monceau. Very Beautiful studio of 30 sq meter tastefully furnished. Spacious with large main room, a single bed, a double sofa bed, a large table, a double window, a kitchen and a separate bathroom. The apartment is very cozy, located on the first floor of a beautiful 17th century building, ideal for a couple or single person. Located near the Parc Monceau, Galeries Lafayette, and rue de Villiers, where you can find a streetfood market at weekends. Guests can enjoy the entire apartment and all dishes. We do not furnish bath towels, please take yours. The apartment is managed by Cécile and Personal Concierge, concierge services tailored to organize your arrival and stay in Paris ( Airport shuttle, restaurant reservation, touristic guides...) Please contact us 
17390	This spacious duplex (60 m2) combines style and comfort. Located on the ground floor, this place is a pleasure to stay in and is so close to any hot spot in town! With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!  The place has 2 bedrooms, a kitchen fully equipped and 2 bathrooms . Please note that the second bathroom has no shower only toilets and sink.	Elegant and chic duplex near Champs Elysees and Triumph Arch This spacious duplex (60 m2) combines style and comfort. Located on the ground floor, this place is a pleasure to stay in and is so close to any hot spot in town! With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!  The place has 2 bedrooms, a kitchen fully equipped and 2 bathrooms . Please note that the second bathroom has no shower only toilets and sink. Free Wifi Access and Cable TV provided I provide my clients with clean towels and linens  I'm always available for my guests! Since you'll be close to the best Parisian gastronomic restaurants (Pierre Gagnaire, Guy Savoy and Taillevent), take advantage of your visit to discover their constantly changing menus. You are also just steps away from the Jacquemart André Museum, built at the end of the 19th century.  If you feel like shopping, famous department stores (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette) and th
17391	Very pleasant and comfortable one-bedroom apartment of  60 square meters in the heart of Champs Elysees. The building is modern and there are 2 elevators. The place is very quiet after a long busy day. The flat offers quality modern furnitures and home appliances, nice and design interiors. capacity of  6 people; Perfect flat for a family with 3 or 4 children The light living room with a large window with a balcony looking at nice courtyard offers two soft sofa bed (4 sleepings) the bedroom with a double bed,  chest of drawers,  wardrobe, mirrors, bedside tables, lamps, TV;  fully equipped kitchen;  bathroom; separated WC. It's a good location - just a few minutes walk from the famous Champs Elysées with its shops, boutiques, restaurants, galleries.  There is a public parking station  next to the house. you can rent a car with the car rental company next to the building Metro: Line 1 - George V	Very pleasant and comfortable one-bedroom apartment of  60 square meters in the heart of Champs Elysees. The building is modern and there are 2 elevators. The place is very quiet after a long busy day. The flat offers quality modern furnitures and home appliances, nice and design interiors. capacity of  6 people; Perfect flat for a family with 3 or 4 children The light living room with a large window with a balcony looking at nice courtyard offers two soft sofa bed (4 sleepings) the bedroom with a double bed,  chest of drawers,  wardrobe, mirrors, bedside tables, lamps, TV;  fully equipped kitchen;  bathroom; separated WC. It's a good location - just a few minutes walk from the famous Champs Elysées with its shops, boutiques, restaurants, galleries.  There is a public parking station  next to the house. you can rent a car with the car rental company next to the building Metro: Line 1 - George V
17392	Hi and welcome to one of the most central apartments in Paris. This modern 32m2 apartment is situated in a secure and shopping district. It offers the perfect base from which to explore Paris. On the 4th floor with elevator, this modern fully renovated apartment is ideally located in a quiet building. The apartment features -One double bed for 2 -Convertible sofa for 2 -Dining area -kitchen will all equipments -TV and Wifi -Large bathroom 	Hi and welcome to one of the most central apartments in Paris. This modern 32m2 apartment is situated in a secure and shopping district. It offers the perfect base from which to explore Paris.
17393	40 m2 of warm, relaxing and very quiet space, right in the centre of Paris.  Situated on the 6th floor, with elevator, the apt is a haven of peace with floors made of natural coconut fibre and wood. The apartment is very bright. Large living room/ dinning area. Queen size bed. Kitchen equipped. Bathroom with bathtub. Bed linens and towels furnished. Within walking distance, you have :  Les Champs Elysees, Madeleine (literally 1mn!) and Saint Augustin churches, La Concorde, Opera, Boulevard Haussmann, Le Printemps, Galeries Lafayette, Place Vendome and its jewellers, rue du Faubourg Saint Honore and its designer shops (Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Colette..), Les Tuileries Gardens, Musée d'Orsay, the Louvre, the Eiffel Tower, the banks of the Seine, Saint Honore fresh market, the Olympia (famous concert venue), the Pinacotheque. You will also find plenty of restaurants (Senderens, La Maison du Caviar, Fauchon, Hediard, Hotel Costes, Cafe de La Paix...), for any budget and any cuisine or	Special discount at the Cocoon: 40% off during all month of august!! 40 m2 of warm, relaxing and very quiet space, right in the centre of Paris.  Situated on the 6th floor, with elevator, the apt is a haven of peace with floors made of natural coconut fibre and wood. The apartment is very bright. Large living room/ dinning area. Queen size bed. Kitchen equipped. Bathroom with bathtub. Bed linens and towels furnished. Within walking distance, you have :  Les Champs Elysees, Madeleine (literally 1mn!) and Saint Augustin churches, La Concorde, Opera, Boulevard Haussmann, Le Printemps, Galeries Lafayette, Place Vendome and its jewellers, rue du Faubourg Saint Honore and its designer shops (Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Colette..), Les Tuileries Gardens, Musée d'Orsay, the Louvre, the Eiffel Tower, the banks of the Seine, Saint Honore fresh market, the Olympia (famous concert venue), the Pinacotheque. You will also find plenty of restaurants (Senderens, La Maison du Caviar, Fauchon, Hediard,
17394		"Charmant 2 pièces situé en plein cœur du 9ème arrondissement, dans le quartier tendance ""South Pigalle"", à deux pas de la rue des Martyrs. Facile d'accès, il est desservi par la station Saint George (L12) à 2 minutes et la station Pigalle (L2 et 12) ) 5 minutes. Vous disposerez d'un salon tout confort, d'une chambre avec un lit 2 places, une cuisine, une sdb avec douche et toilettes séparés. L'internet au débit est à votre disposition ainsi que des draps et des serviettes."
17395	Le Marignan est un appartement prestigieux de 3 pièces, sur 75 m2, situé dans le quartier le plus prisé de Paris. Vous entrez dans une grande pièce principale de type loft meublée avec goût et décorée avec raffinement. Deux coins salon, une cuisine ouverte et un coin bureau composent ce vaste séjour. Idéal pour 3 personnes, le Marignan vous propose une chambre double spacieuse et une chambre simple avec un canapé lit confortable. Cerise sur le gâteau, l'appartement jouit d'un jardin privatif aménagé où vous pourrez prendre vos repas ou profiter du soleil parisien. The Apartment Features: Big confortable and arty living room with screen TV Modern and fully equipped open kitchen with convivial island Office area Double bedroom with screen TV and closet Single bedroom with confortable high quality sofa bed Modern bathroom with Italian style shower Separate toilet Private terrace to enjoy Parisian sun Free Wifi throughout  Located in the most exclusive area of Paris	Appartement prestigieux de 3 pièces sur 75 m2 avec jardin privatif à deux pas des Champs-Elysées. Le Marignan est un appartement prestigieux de 3 pièces, sur 75 m2, situé dans le quartier le plus prisé de Paris. Vous entrez dans une grande pièce principale de type loft meublée avec goût et décorée avec raffinement. Deux coins salon, une cuisine ouverte et un coin bureau composent ce vaste séjour. Idéal pour 3 personnes, le Marignan vous propose une chambre double spacieuse et une chambre simple avec un canapé lit confortable. Cerise sur le gâteau, l'appartement jouit d'un jardin privatif aménagé où vous pourrez prendre vos repas ou profiter du soleil parisien. The Apartment Features: Big confortable and arty living room with screen TV Modern and fully equipped open kitchen with convivial island Office area Double bedroom with screen TV and closet Single bedroom with confortable high quality sofa bed Modern bathroom with Italian style shower Separate toilet Private terrace to enjoy Pari
17396		Super clean and confortable Apartment with a Terrace few minutes walking to Champs Elysées.  Very confortable, luxury and full equipped.  You can enjoy a glass of wine in the beautiful Terrace after a long day walking in The city of lights !
17397	We have managed numerous flats in Paris for several owners in the past as part of our professional activity - including the rental activity. We also ourselves rent accommodation on a regular basis for our own holidays. Leveraging these experiences, we think we know pretty well what your expectations are and feel we have made everything needed to meet them in George V Chic. The flat is in a classical 19th century dressed stone building, on the 6th floor, with an elevator until the 5th floor. It covers 80-square meters (860 sq ft) and is a perfect illustration of a contemporary flat under the roof with elegant volumes, parquet floor, air con and views on the Parisian roofs. The main room is spacious, filled with light with its three windows on the avenue. It has a lot of personality with all the beams appearing as a result of the removal of the space between the ceiling and roof. Its big volume offers both a living room and a dining room. This room leads to the first bedroom, also on the	When renovating this flat with our interior designer, we have tried to make out of it the perfect Parisian pied-à-terre for our parents and friends when they visit us in Paris. The outcome: a stylish flat perfectly located in the center of Paris We have managed numerous flats in Paris for several owners in the past as part of our professional activity - including the rental activity. We also ourselves rent accommodation on a regular basis for our own holidays. Leveraging these experiences, we think we know pretty well what your expectations are and feel we have made everything needed to meet them in George V Chic. The flat is in a classical 19th century dressed stone building, on the 6th floor, with an elevator until the 5th floor. It covers 80-square meters (860 sq ft) and is a perfect illustration of a contemporary flat under the roof with elegant volumes, parquet floor, air con and views on the Parisian roofs. The main room is spacious, filled with light with its three windows on th
17398	It’s a luxury apartment that oozes elegance and style, making it the perfect choice for Paris lovers. A stunning array of furniture pieces in Napoleon style, high ceilings, moldings, wooden flooring, old wall tapestry, patterns, accessories, and materials that make up this place so unique !	A stunning 2 bedroom apartment with 130m2 of living space, designed with refine and style. Located on the 1st floor of a 19th century building situated in an up-scale sought-after area of Paris 8 between Monceau Parc and Champs Elysees. It’s a luxury apartment that oozes elegance and style, making it the perfect choice for Paris lovers. A stunning array of furniture pieces in Napoleon style, high ceilings, moldings, wooden flooring, old wall tapestry, patterns, accessories, and materials that make up this place so unique ! Living – dining area : A cozy lounge room with a large comfy sofa, a coffee table, lamps, and armchairs. A dining room with a large table for 8 guests. Bed- and bathroom : The master bedroom has one double bed, side tables, lamps, wardrobe, en suite bathroom with with shower, washbasin, and toilet. The second room has 1 double sofa bed, and a writing desk. The main bathroom has a bathtub with shower and a washbasin. There is a separate toilet. Private terrace : there
17399	Grand appartement agréable et très bien équipé, refait à neuf début 2015. Tout confort, situé dans un immeuble calme.	Grand appartement situé dans le centre de Paris (8ème arrondissement), entre le quartier des Batignolles et la gare St Lazare. A 10 minutes à pied des grands magasins, de l'Opéra Garnier, du parc Monceau, et proche de la place de l'Etoile. Grand appartement agréable et très bien équipé, refait à neuf début 2015. Tout confort, situé dans un immeuble calme. Je serai disponible pour vous apporter de l'aide ou des conseils pendant votre séjour. Logement central très bien situé : quartier des Batignolles comportant de nombreux restaurants et bars, à proximité immédiate de Montmartre, des grands magasins, à 10 minutes à pied de l'Opéra Garnier et du parc Monceau. A 3 stations de métro de la place de l'Etoile et des champs Elysées. Stations de métro au pied de l'appartement : ligne 2, 3, 13 et 14  A 5 minutes de la gare St Lazare. Nombreux arrêts de bus
