15600	This gorgeous property delightfully  decorated with top art pieces and furniture is located on a 5th loor of a building with elevator and has 90m2. Very modern Kitchen in an open plan layout, 1 double bedroom with en suite shower room, another bedroom with a sofa bed and desk, a separate W.C. and wash basin next to living room. Laundry room with washing machine and dryer.	An Oasis just walking distance from Gare Montparnasse. This gorgeous property delightfully  decorated with top art pieces and furniture is located on a 5th loor of a building with elevator and has 90m2. Very modern Kitchen in an open plan layout, 1 double bedroom with en suite shower room, another bedroom with a sofa bed and desk, a separate W.C. and wash basin next to living room. Laundry room with washing machine and dryer. Guests have access to entire property, towels, linen and internet are included. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be 1 Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + 1 Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance for an extra cost. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well a
15601	Logement original au premier étage dans une cour, avec une chambre en mezzanine cet appartement aux volume agréable bénéficie d'un emplacement de premier plan.	"Located in Saint Germain des Prés, this 30m² flat is bright, well furnished, near shops and close to transport (subway, bus, taxi). 10 minutes walk from Ile de la Cité, the ""Cathedrale Notre Dame"", this flat is perfectly situated to discover Paris. Logement original au premier étage dans une cour, avec une chambre en mezzanine cet appartement aux volume agréable bénéficie d'un emplacement de premier plan. L'appartement en entier sera à disposition des hôtes. Quartier culturel et touristique Saint Germain des Prés est l’un des symboles de Paris. A moins de 2 minutes à pied du métro Saint Germain des Prés (M4) et de Mabillon (M10), 10 minutes de Sèvres Babylone et Rennes (M12).  Une station de métro est située à moins de 200mètres de l'appartement."
15602	This charming one bedroom apartment is perfectly located on the corner between the lively Rue de Buci, and Rue Gregoire de Tours, in the Saint Germain des Prés and Odeon areas. On the 1st floor with an elevator, it features a refined decoration, a convertible sofa in the living room, and a separate bedroom. It is perfect for a romantic stay or a family! This apartment of about 48 square meters, (517 sq ft) includes a comfortable living room on the street side with a convertible sofa, a dining table for four, a coffee table, two armchairs, and two large windows. You will love the polished decoration, and the apparent beams on the ceiling and the walls. The equipped kitchen is separate from the living room and includes a stove, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and toaster. The apartment has cable TV and free internet in Wi-Fi. The bedroom, also on the street side, is beautifully decorated with little lamps, pillows, and an armchair. It features a large window, a dressing, and a comfortab	Charming one bedroom apartmt perfectly located between Rue de Buci & Rue Grégoire de Tours, in St Germain des Prés. On the 1st floor with an elevator, it features a refined decoration, a convertible sofa in the living room, and a separate bedroom. This charming one bedroom apartment is perfectly located on the corner between the lively Rue de Buci, and Rue Gregoire de Tours, in the Saint Germain des Prés and Odeon areas. On the 1st floor with an elevator, it features a refined decoration, a convertible sofa in the living room, and a separate bedroom. It is perfect for a romantic stay or a family! This apartment of about 48 square meters, (517 sq ft) includes a comfortable living room on the street side with a convertible sofa, a dining table for four, a coffee table, two armchairs, and two large windows. You will love the polished decoration, and the apparent beams on the ceiling and the walls. The equipped kitchen is separate from the living room and includes a stove, fridge, microwav
15603	Charming little Parisian apartment with all the amenities for a pleasant stay. It consists of a large living room , a separate kitchen and a relatively spacious bathroom . There is no shortage of charm with these studs and pretty fireplace (that you can't use). -------------------------------- Charmant petit appartement parisien possédant toutes les commodités pour un séjour agréable. Il est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, d'une cuisine séparée et d'une salle de bain relativement spacieuse. Il ne manque pas de charme avec ces colombages et sa jolie cheminée (inutilisable).	    Charmant appartement de 27m2 au cœur du 6eme arrondissement. Idéal pour découvrir la ville, par sa situation centrale et vivre dans Paris comme un vrai parisien.        Charming little Parisian apartment with all the amenities for a pleasant stay. It consists of a large living room , a separate kitchen and a relatively spacious bathroom . There is no shortage of charm with these studs and pretty fireplace (that you can't use). -------------------------------- Charmant petit appartement parisien possédant toutes les commodités pour un séjour agréable. Il est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, d'une cuisine séparée et d'une salle de bain relativement spacieuse. Il ne manque pas de charme avec ces colombages et sa jolie cheminée (inutilisable). The apartment is located in a very nice neighborhood . Near the Pantheon Sorbonne , Saint Michel but also Odeon, 2 steps from Notre Dame, this is a perfect base for walking the streets of Paris ! -----------------------------------------------
15604	20m2 Studio in PARIS 6th, very well located on the place du marché Saint-Germain, 1 min to the métro Mabillon line 10 and very near of the metro Odéon, line 4 & 10. 5 minutes by foot to the Jardin du Luxembourg and to the quais de la Seine (Ile de la cité, Notre dame, Saint Michel, ...). 2 people can live in this studio, ideal for parisians walks and visits because it is located in the very center of Paris.	20m2 Studio in PARIS 6th, very well located on the place du marché Saint-Germain, 1 min to the métro Mabillon line 10 and very near of the metro Odéon, line 4 & 10. 5 minutes by foot to the Jardin du Luxembourg and to the quais de la Seine. 20m2 Studio in PARIS 6th, very well located on the place du marché Saint-Germain, 1 min to the métro Mabillon line 10 and very near of the metro Odéon, line 4 & 10. 5 minutes by foot to the Jardin du Luxembourg and to the quais de la Seine (Ile de la cité, Notre dame, Saint Michel, ...). 2 people can live in this studio, ideal for parisians walks and visits because it is located in the very center of Paris.
15605		studio au dernier étage ,salle de bains,cuisine séparée. piece principale avec canapé d'angle convertible
15606	A beautiful one-bedroom apartment located halfway between the famous Luxembourg gardens and Montparnasse district. Very calm, the accomodation has just been completely refurbished. Featuring high ceilings and overlooking a courtyard and the gardens of a modern office building, the apartment enjoys a double exposure, making it really bright. The nice entrance hall with a library opens on the large living room, made of a sitting area ( comfortable sofa bed), a dining table and a fully equipped open kitchen. The comfortable en-suite bedroom features a large closet, a queensize bed (160 cm) and the shower  room with the toilet. Here is an elegant apartment for the stay of two to four persons in a beautiful district of the city of lights	The perfect place for your parisian stay. On the first floor with elevator, it features an entrance hall, a spacious living with open kitchen, lounge and dining area, a shower room and a comfortable bedroom with double bed.  A beautiful one-bedroom apartment located halfway between the famous Luxembourg gardens and Montparnasse district. Very calm, the accomodation has just been completely refurbished. Featuring high ceilings and overlooking a courtyard and the gardens of a modern office building, the apartment enjoys a double exposure, making it really bright. The nice entrance hall with a library opens on the large living room, made of a sitting area ( comfortable sofa bed), a dining table and a fully equipped open kitchen. The comfortable en-suite bedroom features a large closet, a queensize bed (160 cm) and the shower  room with the toilet. Here is an elegant apartment for the stay of two to four persons in a beautiful district of the city of lights Enjoy  unlimited high speed wire
15607	This really well located apartment has a perfect size for two to three people, with 32 square meters. Located on the second floor of a typical parisian apartment building, it has a double size bed in the bedroom and a comfortable sofa bed in the living room.	Apartment located in a very quiet street despite being in the centre of Paris, just 5 minutes walking to the Luxembourg garden and 10 minutes to the Louvre. This really well located apartment has a perfect size for two to three people, with 32 square meters. Located on the second floor of a typical parisian apartment building, it has a double size bed in the bedroom and a comfortable sofa bed in the living room. There's a small american style kitchen, open to the living room. It contains everything you need for cooking and cleaning, including a laundry machine.  It also has two fans, a wide-screen TV with apple TV and cable and Internet connection (wifi). The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy and bright environment for anyone wishing to experience true Parisian life. The neighborhood is very charming and typically parisian.  Lots of shops, cafés and monuments to visit nearby. Very central, safe and easy to get around. In terms of transport, it's righ
15608	This original beautifully decorated cottage is on 2 floors. We enter by the first floor where you will find a cosy vintage styled living space and open kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped, with Nespresso, pots, pans, toaster the lot. Cable TV and Fast Wifi internet + DVD player and Hifi. Dishwasher and Washer/Dryer are all integrated.  We head down the staircase to the ground floor to master bedroom. The bedroom can be made up as a double queen size bed or 2 twins. Your choice. Large cupboard space for you and a bathroom / showroom.  Their is a daybed which acts as the sofa which could be used for a childs bed. We also provide a baby cot on request.  The cottage in in a courtyard and very quiet. No noise and a peaceful sleep is guaranteed. 	Here is our very cool, cosy, and beautifully decorated small cottage right in the centre of Paris, in Saint Germain des Prés. A stones throw from the Seine and the historic centre of Paris. This is the most vibrant, trendy  neighbourhood in Paris. This original beautifully decorated cottage is on 2 floors. We enter by the first floor where you will find a cosy vintage styled living space and open kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped, with Nespresso, pots, pans, toaster the lot. Cable TV and Fast Wifi internet + DVD player and Hifi. Dishwasher and Washer/Dryer are all integrated.  We head down the staircase to the ground floor to master bedroom. The bedroom can be made up as a double queen size bed or 2 twins. Your choice. Large cupboard space for you and a bathroom / showroom.  Their is a daybed which acts as the sofa which could be used for a childs bed. We also provide a baby cot on request.  The cottage in in a courtyard and very quiet. No noise and a peaceful sleep is guaranteed.
15609	The Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of an elegant building with a lift. The windows of the bedroom and the living-room look on Bonaparte Street (with two little balconies), as the windows of the kitchen and the dressing-room look on a beautiful and quiet courtyard.	Discover St Germain des Prés, the Panthéon, the Luxembourg Gardens and many other tourist attractions near this gem of the Paris apartments that are available to rent. Perfect for a couple or a group of friends. The Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of an elegant building with a lift. The windows of the bedroom and the living-room look on Bonaparte Street (with two little balconies), as the windows of the kitchen and the dressing-room look on a beautiful and quiet courtyard. This 54sqm apartment to rent in Paris has been entirely renewed recently. The entrance leads to the living-room. This main room has a dining area with a dining table where at least 4 people can sit, and a living area with a coffee table, couches and a very comfortable sofabed (140x200),  where two people can sleep. A small balcony is accessible from the main room. It looks on Bonaparte View and the side of St Sulpice Church. From the living-room you can access the bedroom. It has a large double bed (160x2
15610	This 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment has exceptionally high ceilings and large windows which creates a relaxing and luminous space for your stay. 	Located in front of the Senate and Luxembourg gardens in the 6eme arrondissement this beautifully furnished and well appointed apartment will take your breathe away.  In AUGUST ONLY, the remaining unbooked nights are available at 100 EUR/night!!! This 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment has exceptionally high ceilings and large windows which creates a relaxing and luminous space for your stay. 
15611	This peculiar one bedroom apartment is located Rue du Cherche-Midi, 5 min away from the Luxury Department Store le Bon Marché, in the 6th arrondissement. Situated between Rue de Rennes and Sèvres-Babylone, it is on the 1st floor (2nd American floor) with an elevator. It features a luminous living room with a convertible sofa, and a bedroom separated by a glass wall. Perfect for a family or a romantic stay! This one bedroom apartment of about 32 square meters (approx. 344 sq ft) features a cosy living room with a window, a convertible sofa, a coffee table, and a dining table for four. You will love the refined Parisian decoration. The kitchen is located in the living room and is equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, fridge, washer, and dryer. Cable TV and internet in wi-fi are available in the apartment. The bedroom is separated from the living room by a part glass wall, but there is no door that would fully close the bedroom from the living room. There are two windows tha	Lovely one bedroom apartment located Rue du Cherche-Midi, in 6th arrondissement, 10 min away from the Bon Marché Department store. 1st floor with an elevator. Recently renovated with a charming decoration. This peculiar one bedroom apartment is located Rue du Cherche-Midi, 5 min away from the Luxury Department Store le Bon Marché, in the 6th arrondissement. Situated between Rue de Rennes and Sèvres-Babylone, it is on the 1st floor (2nd American floor) with an elevator. It features a luminous living room with a convertible sofa, and a bedroom separated by a glass wall. Perfect for a family or a romantic stay! This one bedroom apartment of about 32 square meters (approx. 344 sq ft) features a cosy living room with a window, a convertible sofa, a coffee table, and a dining table for four. You will love the refined Parisian decoration. The kitchen is located in the living room and is equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, fridge, washer, and dryer. Cable TV and internet in wi-
15612	Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by two door codes. The common part of the building are charming with framed pictures of wonderful landscapes and deserts on the hallway, the stairwell is absolutely lovely (with few steps between each floor). The apartment is very quiet as it gives on the courtyard.	Beautiful 50sqm 1-bedroom apartment to rent in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés in Paris. Two bathrooms, suitable for four people, this apartment is contemporary, nicely decorated, comfortable, we love it ! Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by two door codes. The common part of the building are charming with framed pictures of wonderful landscapes and deserts on the hallway, the stairwell is absolutely lovely (with few steps between each floor). The apartment is very quiet as it gives on the courtyard. This 50sqm apartment is very comfortable, it can sleep up two four guests. It has a separate bedroom and two bathrooms which will be very convenient no matter if you are a couple or four guests to stay here ! The small entrance corridor opens on the dining area of the main room. It features a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is opened on the dining area. An openwork wall made of wooden beam separates the dining area from the l
15613		Studio idéalement placé dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas du Jardin du Luxembourg, au 4ème étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur.  Vue sur une cour fleurie et sur la Tour Eiffel. Comporte une pièce principale de 10m² avec un lit simple, une petite salle de bain et une petite cuisine indépendante. Les toilettes sont sur le pallier.
15614		Charmant Appartement, entre Pont Neuf et Odéon.  A deux pas de st germain des près, du Louvre, du pont des arts. Poutre apparente, chambre séparée. Tout équipé. Immeuble calme Vue sur les toits (5è étage) Idéal pour visiter Paris
15615	Ce studio de 26 mètres carré, rénové récemment, comprends une pièce principale, une cuisine, une salle de bain et des toilettes séparés.  Le lit est un lit double, mécanique qui monte et qui descend au plafond à l'aide d'un interrupteur. Un piano ainsi qu'une chaine hifi sont à disposition.  This 26 meter squared studio (recently totally renovated) includes a main room, a  kitchen and separted bathing-room and toilets.  There is also an electrical mechanical bed  which goes up and down from the ceiling. For music lover, there is also an electronical piano and a hifi system.	Located in an historical and peacefull district of Paris, between Luxembourg and Le Bon marche, this apartment is a an ideal place for a short or long stay in Paris. Ce studio de 26 mètres carré, rénové récemment, comprends une pièce principale, une cuisine, une salle de bain et des toilettes séparés.  Le lit est un lit double, mécanique qui monte et qui descend au plafond à l'aide d'un interrupteur. Un piano ainsi qu'une chaine hifi sont à disposition.  This 26 meter squared studio (recently totally renovated) includes a main room, a  kitchen and separted bathing-room and toilets.  There is also an electrical mechanical bed  which goes up and down from the ceiling. For music lover, there is also an electronical piano and a hifi system. Vous aurez accès à l'appartement en entier.  You will have access to the entire apartment. 5 minutes à pied du Bon Marché et de son épicerie fine 8 minutes à pied du Luxembourg Nombreux commerces, magasins, restaurants et bars 5 minutes walk to Le Bon M
15616	• Warm Parisian ambiance The apartment is located in a classical Parisian building in which an elevator takes you directly up to the apartment. The apartment has 2 large bedrooms, both with king beds, 1 bathrooms and 2 toilets, a living room / dining room and and a fully equipped kitchen. The living room / dining room has 1 comfortable couch and 2 armchairs and includes also a large dining table which seats 6. The lovely warm colors and mix of antiques with a cozy couch and armchair will make you feel like a real Parisian in your own home. The bathroom has one large shower in beautiful grey stone tiles and an antique sink and faucets. The ancient wooden beam in the bathroom is typical of the Saint-Germain style. There is also a washer/dryer unit. The apartment is equipped with a flat screen TV with cable and DVD players. The phone can make international calls and there is a high-speed Internet connection (WIFI) with a computer provided. The fully equipped kitchen has a refrigerator, di	"Stay in this so ""Parisien"" apartment and enjoy being in the very heart of one of the most famous areas of Paris. • Warm Parisian ambiance The apartment is located in a classical Parisian building in which an elevator takes you directly up to the apartment. The apartment has 2 large bedrooms, both with king beds, 1 bathrooms and 2 toilets, a living room / dining room and and a fully equipped kitchen. The living room / dining room has 1 comfortable couch and 2 armchairs and includes also a large dining table which seats 6. The lovely warm colors and mix of antiques with a cozy couch and armchair will make you feel like a real Parisian in your own home. The bathroom has one large shower in beautiful grey stone tiles and an antique sink and faucets. The ancient wooden beam in the bathroom is typical of the Saint-Germain style. There is also a washer/dryer unit. The apartment is equipped with a flat screen TV with cable and DVD players. The phone can make international calls and there is a "
15617		In the very center of Paris (Paris 6 / Saint Germain), very nice and cosy one bedroom apartment. One living room with a confortable sofa bed, a kitchen full equipped, one bedroom with double bed.  Perfect for a couple.
15618		"Room in an apartment of 60 square meter, located in ""Dauphine street"" in full heart of Odéon.  Double beds, a big lounge, kitchen and a bathroom separeted. Wifi."
15619	DESCRIPTION OF THE APARTMENT:  We can welcome up to 4 people in our flat. The apartment has 48 square meters, is on the 2nd floor and consists of :  - one large room with queen-sized bed - a big living room with a very comfortable sofa bed and one classical sofa.  - a small living room with a sofa bed - a fully equiped kitchen  - a bathroom with bath  Are included :  - Bed linen and towels - Kitchen utensils, 1 fridge, 1 standard oven, 1 electric cooker, 1 toaster, 1 water boiler, 1 dish machine, 1 washing machine - 2 sofas, 2 tables and big foldable table with 5 chairs. - Free high speed wireless Internet connection.  - A phone with free unlimited calls to all landlines within France (useful if you wish to make a dining reservation for instance) and abroad (only fixed line phones) - Electric heating - Hair dryer  	What would you think about experiencing a few days in a cozy apartment located in the most charming Parisian neighborhood ?  I would be happy to help you organize your stay and invite you to stay in the very heart of Quartier Latin. Anna DESCRIPTION OF THE APARTMENT:  We can welcome up to 4 people in our flat. The apartment has 48 square meters, is on the 2nd floor and consists of :  - one large room with queen-sized bed - a big living room with a very comfortable sofa bed and one classical sofa.  - a small living room with a sofa bed - a fully equiped kitchen  - a bathroom with bath  Are included :  - Bed linen and towels - Kitchen utensils, 1 fridge, 1 standard oven, 1 electric cooker, 1 toaster, 1 water boiler, 1 dish machine, 1 washing machine - 2 sofas, 2 tables and big foldable table with 5 chairs. - Free high speed wireless Internet connection.  - A phone with free unlimited calls to all landlines within France (useful if you wish to make a dining reservation for instance) and a
15620	Cute 540 (50m2 appt on second floor). The appt is located between Park of Luxembourg and St Germain des Près with secured access (pass and interphone). This charming area of the city will delight those of you looking for the authentically parisian neighborhood. - A living-room with a smoothy sofa  - 2 BR with double bed and a large closet  - Double-glazed windows in every room  - Bathroom with a shower (hairdryer) - Fresh linens and towels provided - Washing machine and iron - Kitchen equipped (fridge with freezer, hood, brand new oven, dishwasher) - Wifi internet access available for your laptop, TV, DVD, PS3 and stereo  	Located in the heart of Paris, a few minutes by walk from Notre-Dame, Le Louvre, La Sorbonne, shopping, restaurants and bars 2 BR, living-room, bthr and separated toilets Fully furnished: washing-machine, fridge, 
15621	Très agréable 70 m2 au 3èm étage rue de Tournon. Hôtel particulier classé à l'inventaire des monuments historique. Dix huitième siècle. Internet Box par fibre. Commerces et restaurants. Cinéma et beauté des immeubles. Jardin du Luxembourg. Métro Odéon ou Mabillon. Nombreux autobus. 	Hôtel particulier rue de Tournon, entre le jardin du Luxembourg et le boulevard Saint Germain. 2 chambres. Une salle de bain, une salle de douche. Parquet et cheminée. 3em étage sans ascenseur. possibilité de parking sur demande. Très agréable 70 m2 au 3èm étage rue de Tournon. Hôtel particulier classé à l'inventaire des monuments historique. Dix huitième siècle. Internet Box par fibre. Commerces et restaurants. Cinéma et beauté des immeubles. Jardin du Luxembourg. Métro Odéon ou Mabillon. Nombreux autobus. L'ensemble de l'appartement, des fournitures et des placards sont dédiés aux locataires. Aucune affaire personnelle du propriétaire ne sera dans l'appartement.
15622	This is a superb flat, newly renovated with tasteful decoration, large living spaces and 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen independent This apartment is in one of the best locations in Paris, right in the heart of it all, and yet better still, with transport just close by… (metro St Sulpice or St. Germain des Pres only a 2-3 minute stroll)…  Some of you may recognize the St. Sulpice church from its mention in the Da Vinci Code… You can visit Saint Germain des Prés,Montparnasse , St. Sulpice church. The Rue de Rennes is a Shopping Place Paradise YOU MUST GO and SEE  Le Café De Flore , Les 2 Magots and Le Petit Journal St Michel for JAZZ. Many Restaurants in rue Bonaparte near la Place St Sulpice at 1 minute from your apart. You have 2 Café just in front your apart;le café du métro and le Vieux Colombier (very practical for the breakfast) Just in front of you can rent bicycle or electric cars. 	This is a superb flat, newly renovated with tasteful decoration, large living spaces and 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen independent This apartment is in one of the best locations in Paris, right in the heart of it all, and yet better still, with transport just close by… (metro St Sulpice or St. Germain des Pres only a 2-3 minute stroll)…  Some of you may recognize the St. Sulpice church from its mention in the Da Vinci Code… You can visit Saint Germain des Prés,Montparnasse , St. Sulpice church. The Rue de Rennes is a Shopping Place Paradise YOU MUST GO and SEE  Le Café De Flore , Les 2 Magots and Le Petit Journal St Michel for JAZZ. Many Restaurants in rue Bonaparte near la Place St Sulpice at 1 minute from your apart. You have 2 Café just in front your apart;le café du métro and le Vieux Colombier (very practical for the breakfast) Just in front of you can rent bicycle or electric cars. 
15623	Sunny charming loft in a private street with houses and trees, centrally located near St Germain and Montparnasse. One bedroom with a double bed on a mezzanine in an open space, one place on the sofa downstairs, and a double futon , a small bathroom with a tub, TV, video DVD, internet, washing machine... The apartment is on the ground floor, very easy for tourist people with the metro St placide 5 min by walk from my place. Every shops around, supermarket, backery, and clothes, library, shoes... everything you want and need on the rue de Rennes ! All kind of restaurant around especially rue du Cherche Midi 5 min by walk...The neighborhood is very safe and quiet night and day you can go out and come back late in the evening... It s 15 min by walk from the Eiffeil Tower. Most of the big museums are around or 10 min with the metro. You can also have a walk in the beautiful Luxembourg garden 10 min by feet from there... Perfect for 2 couples or a family with one or two kids ...	Sunny, charming & authentic Parisian LOFT of St Germain / Montparnasse Sunny charming loft in a private street with houses and trees, centrally located near St Germain and Montparnasse. One bedroom with a double bed on a mezzanine in an open space, one place on the sofa downstairs, and a double futon , a small bathroom with a tub, TV, video DVD, internet, washing machine... The apartment is on the ground floor, very easy for tourist people with the metro St placide 5 min by walk from my place. Every shops around, supermarket, backery, and clothes, library, shoes... everything you want and need on the rue de Rennes ! All kind of restaurant around especially rue du Cherche Midi 5 min by walk...The neighborhood is very safe and quiet night and day you can go out and come back late in the evening... It s 15 min by walk from the Eiffeil Tower. Most of the big museums are around or 10 min with the metro. You can also have a walk in the beautiful Luxembourg garden 10 min by feet from there...
15624	"The room a typical ""chambre de bonne"" is situated in the center of Paris, close to everything. It is very cosy and quiet !  Inside the room you will have a shower, a sink, bedsheets, towels. The toilettes are out of the room but you don't have to share it. There is no kitchen. "	"The room is situated in the center of Paris, close to everything.  You have 2 metros and 2 RER direct from Charles de Gaule Airport! The room a typical ""chambre de bonne"" is situated in the center of Paris, close to everything. It is very cosy and quiet !  Inside the room you will have a shower, a sink, bedsheets, towels. The toilettes are out of the room but you don't have to share it. There is no kitchen. You have lot of buses, 2 metros (4 and 10) and 2 RER (B and C) direct from Charles de Gaule Airport and all the train stations ! Charles de Gaule Airport : RER B Gare du Nord : RER B or metro 4 Gare de l'Est : metro 4 Gare Saint Lazare : buses 21 or 27 Gare de Lyon : bus 63 Gare Montparnasse : metro 4 or bus 96 Gare d'Austerlitz : metro 10 If you need to know or to have anything else, just ask."
15625	Charming Studio on 2nd floor of a clasic building in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres. Double bed on the mezzanine wher you can stand up. comfortable living room with sofa and armchairs , open well equiped kitchen, Full bathroom with shower Very central location, near the Seine, in front of the Louvre and close to main attractive tourism site. Many cafe ( famous cafe de la Palette) retaurants, market Bucci, metro Mabillon or Saint Germain, buses  TV, phone, Internet WIFI 	Charming Studio on 2nd floor of a clasic building in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres. Double bed on the mezzanine wher you can stand up. comfortable living room with sofa and armchairs , open well equiped kitchen, Full bathroom with shower Very central location, near the Seine, in front of the Louvre and close to main attractive tourism site. Many cafe ( famous cafe de la Palette) retaurants, market Bucci, metro Mabillon or Saint Germain, buses  TV, phone, Internet WIFI 
15626	Apparement idéal pour un couple éventuellement avec un enfant (possibilité d'un couchage supplémentaire). 	studio de 35 m2 situé entre la Seine et Odéon à proximité du Pont Neuf.  Il est composé d'un salon avec lit double, d'une grande cuisine - salle de bains et d'un wc séparé. L'appartement est bien équipé, confortable et calme. L'emplacement est idéal. Apparement idéal pour un couple éventuellement avec un enfant (possibilité d'un couchage supplémentaire).
15627	"In the heart of Montparnasse, a wonderful room with a balcony, full of flowers, on a peaceful gardens, with a magic views on parisian roofs of Saint Germain des Prés. You'll be staying in a large private room (20m2), in a luxury appartment (90m2) fully furnished with splendid antiques of the 19th century, french, chinese and italian. The two balconies offer a unique view, from the 5th floor.  The bathroom is very large and all wooden, with a bathtube. We just did some works in the room, adding beautiful paintings on the walls, offering also a beautiful table and improving the balcony with bamboos, rose trees and colourful oleander.  The appartment is very well located, in the heart of Montparnasse, just a few blocks from famous old parisian coffees such as ""Le Dôme"" or ""Le Select"".  In 10 min walk, down the famous Rue de Rennes, you'll arrive in Saint Germain des Prés, the church of Saint Sulpice, the gardens of Luxembourg and the famous Bon (website hidden) just 20 minutes walk you ca"	In the heart of Montparnasse, 5 minutes to Saint Germain des Prés, you'll be staying in a bohemia style appartment, decorated by antiques and objets d'art. Feel the unique parisian atmosphere by staying in this cultural and retro apartment.  you'll be staying in a private double room (new matress)  sharing a large and comfortable bathroom in a 80m2 flat. Room is exposed south, with a beautiful light coming in , and opens on a balcony full of flowers, to rest after a busy day in town! In the heart of Montparnasse, a wonderful room with a balcony, full of flowers, on a peaceful gardens, with a magic views on parisian roofs of Saint Germain des Prés. You'll be staying in a large private room (20m2), in a luxury appartment (90m2) fully furnished with splendid antiques of the 19th century, french, chinese and italian. The two balconies offer a unique view, from the 5th floor.  The bathroom is very large and all wooden, with a bathtube. We just did some works in the room, adding beautiful pa
15628		Studio avec poutre apparentes et papier peint Japonais en plein coeur de Paris dans le dans un quartier incontournable de la capitale.  Endroit chaleureux et cosy et calme au 6eme étage avec ascenseur. 5 minutes à pied des stations : St Sulpice Rennes Sèvres Babylone
15629	• A Chic And Authentic Atmosphere This fully equipped 22 square meter studio is the perfect flat for a couple wanting to experience the true Parisian life style in a chic, elegant and authentic atmosphere.  The flat is located in a typical Parisian building. The studio's two large windows face a very nice courtyard with trees.  This entirely renovated apartment is perfectly designed to combine elegance and maximum comfort. The studio consists of a kitchen which opens onto the room, a livingroom area with a dining table next to a window where you can enjoy your Parisian meals, and on the other end of the room a sleeping area made of a very comfortable queen bed with incorporated drawers below it and a closet space. A bookcase with a flat screen TV and DVD faces the bed.  Behind a sliding door, you will find all the comfort of a luxurious modern bathroom with pebble stone floors and beautiful sand color stone walls, a large American shower with a wide ceiling shower head and chromed fauc	An amazing location! This quiet and very chic luxurious studio apartment, (22 square meters - 237 square feet) is situated in the famous St Germain des Prés neighborhood. • A Chic And Authentic Atmosphere This fully equipped 22 square meter studio is the perfect flat for a couple wanting to experience the true Parisian life style in a chic, elegant and authentic atmosphere.  The flat is located in a typical Parisian building. The studio's two large windows face a very nice courtyard with trees.  This entirely renovated apartment is perfectly designed to combine elegance and maximum comfort. The studio consists of a kitchen which opens onto the room, a livingroom area with a dining table next to a window where you can enjoy your Parisian meals, and on the other end of the room a sleeping area made of a very comfortable queen bed with incorporated drawers below it and a closet space. A bookcase with a flat screen TV and DVD faces the bed.  Behind a sliding door, you will find all the com
15630		In a fabulous location in the heart of the Left Bank and St Germain des Pres, this is a wonderful 
15631	1A charming, 73m² apartment for 2 people, located in the beautiful 6th arrondissement. This is a lovely apartment, very well maintained and very large. It is located at the quiet end of Rue de Seine, so convenient to Pont des Arts, the Louvre, and Notre Dame, in addition to dozens of restaurants and cafes in the immediate area.Look out for the lovely art galleries as well! APARTMENT DESCRIPTION Located on Rue de Seine, you are just a few steps from the beautiful river that runs through Paris. This magnificent, 73m², 1 bedroom apartment that sleeps 2 people, is located on the 2nd floor, with an elevator. This 19th century building is very charming and is equipped with a security code. This apartment is equipped with a washer-dryer combination, dishwasher, kitchen utensils, television, unlimited high-speed internet access with Wi-Fi, DVD player and a decorative fireplace.  Linens, towels and professional cleaning, before and after your stay, are all included in the rent. Children 4-13 yr	1A charming, 73m² apartment for 2 people, located in the beautiful 6th arrondissement. This is a lovely apartment, very well maintained and very large. It is located at the quiet end of Rue de Seine, so convenient to Pont des Arts, the Louvre, and Notre Dame, in addition to dozens of restaurants and cafes in the immediate area.Look out for the lovely art galleries as well! APARTMENT DESCRIPTION Located on Rue de Seine, you are just a few steps from the beautiful river that runs through Paris. This magnificent, 73m², 1 bedroom apartment that sleeps 2 people, is located on the 2nd floor, with an elevator. This 19th century building is very charming and is equipped with a security code. This apartment is equipped with a washer-dryer combination, dishwasher, kitchen utensils, television, unlimited high-speed internet access with Wi-Fi, DVD player and a decorative fireplace.  Linens, towels and professional cleaning, before and after your stay, are all included in the rent. Children 4-13 yr
15632	This luxury one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in Saint Germain des Prés, 7th arrondissement. Situated on the quiet Rue Perronet, it is 1 min away from the Boulevard Saint Germain, and 4 min from the famous Place Saint Germain des Prés. On the 1st floor (2nd American floor) without an elevator, it features a cosy living room, and a charming bedroom with a terrace. It is perfect for a family.  This apartment of about 50 square meters (or approx. 538 sq ft) features a large living room with two luminous windows on the street side, a high-quality convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters), a dining table for four, a decorative fireplace with coats of arms, a coffee table, a cable TV, and two poufs that open into futons (80x200 centimeters). The kitchen is part of the living room and includes a stove, fridge, microwave, dishwasher, and drying washer. The apartment is equipped with air conditioning. The quiet bedroom, on the court side, features a king size bed (160x200 centimeters) and	Refined one bedroom apartment located next to Place Saint Germain des Prés, in 7th arrondissement. 1st floor without an elevator. Lovely terrace & beautiful decoration at the best location. Perfect for a family! This luxury one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in Saint Germain des Prés, 7th arrondissement. Situated on the quiet Rue Perronet, it is 1 min away from the Boulevard Saint Germain, and 4 min from the famous Place Saint Germain des Prés. On the 1st floor (2nd American floor) without an elevator, it features a cosy living room, and a charming bedroom with a terrace. It is perfect for a family.  This apartment of about 50 square meters (or approx. 538 sq ft) features a large living room with two luminous windows on the street side, a high-quality convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters), a dining table for four, a decorative fireplace with coats of arms, a coffee table, a cable TV, and two poufs that open into futons (80x200 centimeters). The kitchen is part of the living ro
15633	Fantastic location in ODEON ST GERMAIN DES PRES, 3mn walking to Jardin du Luxembourg, Théatre de l'Odéon, St Germain des Près, and Quartier Latin. The best location in Paris for people who want to live the city on foot, and discover the area where all famous poets and musicians use to live. Also easy walking to Musée du Louvre, Notre Dame, Panthéon and the river( 10mn) Charming flat located on 3rd floor(no lift)with a separate bedroom  on a very old building of 17th century, on the  court of the building. It includes :entrance, toilets, an equipped  small kitchenette with american bar, living room with a new comfortable sofa, table and two windows, a separate room with a king size bed and one window, and a beautiful bathroom with large window, bath, washing machine, towel dryer. This flat is on a perfect state on a very parisian charming  atmosphere. Five windows in the flat. RER B and C( airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly) at 5mn by walk to the station Bd St Michel. Metro (ligne 10 e	Fantastic location in ODEON ST GERMAIN DES PRES, 3mn walking to Jardin du Luxembourg, Théatre de l'Odéon, St Germain des Près, and Quartier Latin. The best location in Paris for people who want to live the city on foot, and discover the area where all famous poets and musicians use to live. Also easy walking to Musée du Louvre, Notre Dame, Panthéon and the river( 10mn) Charming flat located on 3rd floor(no lift)with a separate bedroom  on a very old building of 17th century, on the  court of the building. It includes :entrance, toilets, an equipped  small kitchenette with american bar, living room with a new comfortable sofa, table and two windows, a separate room with a king size bed and one window, and a beautiful bathroom with large window, bath, washing machine, towel dryer. This flat is on a perfect state on a very parisian charming  atmosphere. Five windows in the flat. RER B and C( airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly) at 5mn by walk to the station Bd St Michel. Metro (ligne 10 e
15634	I myself lived in this apartment for 4 years while I was student. I spent my childhood in the building next door. My parents still live there. It is very pleasant and I know it is a dream place for foreigners wishing to visit Paris. This place is unique because he is located in the heart of the largest private garden of the Latin quarter. All the windows of the apartment overlooking the garden. It is perfectly oriented so very sunny and calm. Accommodations:  Apartment, 1 Bedroom + Convertible bed(s), 1 Bath (Sleeps 2-4) Keywords:  Flat, Light, Air Conditioning, Latin Quarter, Typical Parisian, View, Garden, Lutecia, Orsay, Louvre Location This apartment is located in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés is the living-fashion and artistic center of Paris. Very safe, the area of “Sevres Babylone” is one of the most sough after and appreciated. Situated in the heart of the town, just in front the mythic « Bon Marché » and 200 meters from the Hotel Lutecia, it is five minutes’ walk from “S	I myself lived in this apartment for 4 years while I was student. I spent my childhood in the building next door. My parents still live there. It is very pleasant and I know it is a dream place for foreigners wishing to visit Paris. This place is unique because he is located in the heart of the largest private garden of the Latin quarter. All the windows of the apartment overlooking the garden. It is perfectly oriented so very sunny and calm. Accommodations:  Apartment, 1 Bedroom + Convertible bed(s), 1 Bath (Sleeps 2-4) Keywords:  Flat, Light, Air Conditioning, Latin Quarter, Typical Parisian, View, Garden, Lutecia, Orsay, Louvre Location This apartment is located in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés is the living-fashion and artistic center of Paris. Very safe, the area of “Sevres Babylone” is one of the most sough after and appreciated. Situated in the heart of the town, just in front the mythic « Bon Marché » and 200 meters from the Hotel Lutecia, it is five minutes’ walk from “S
15635	The incredible  silence! until 4 person you will be in two separate room . All the bed can be separated or king size. we are in the second floor of this magnific house but without any lift ! sorry!	This characteristic and comfortable apartment, situated in an authentic and elegant Parisian building with cast-iron balconies and white shutters at the back of a gravel patio bordered by lush green, exudes tranquility and peacefulness.  The incredible  silence! until 4 person you will be in two separate room . All the bed can be separated or king size. we are in the second floor of this magnific house but without any lift ! sorry! very near of metro Notre dame des Champs ( line 12)  or St Placide ( line 4)t it is very centrally located, in the Sixth District, only two blocks away from the Jardin du Luxembourg  and right in the heart of the vibrant St Germain des Pres area. This artistic hub with its numerous museums, galleries and art dealers and share of famous cafes such as Les Deux Magots and the Café de Flore, was the birthplace of Simone du Beauvoir’s and Sartre’s existentialist movement. The Jardin du Luxembourg next to the Latin Quarter, is the most popular park in Paris and a 
15636	Welcome!  In the very heart of of St Germain des Prés, the epicenter of Paris, with the Seine River at your feet: unbeatable location. A large, cosy, comfy and quiet apartment, for family and left bank lovers, which sleeps up to 6 guests: 1 queen size, 1 king or 2 singles, 1 queen convertible sofa. A peaceful and delicate atmosphere, far from any noise, close to the sky, on the top floor of a high standing building of classy Haussmannian architecture. Access with elevator/lift, for 2 people at once. Nice and friendly neighbors, helpful concierge, security codes and intercom. We welcome our guests as our friends, and make our best efforts to make sure you enjoy your stay with us!  ... and come back! At a reasonable pricing, because we don't want to host only wealthy people, we value other riches too :) IN BRIEF : - Unbeatable location - very well connected to public transport (metro+bike+bus+train) - lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums) - 2 bedroo	Welcome!  In the very heart of of St Germain des Prés, the epicenter of Paris, with the Seine River at your feet: unbeatable location. A large, cosy, comfy and quiet apartment, for family and left bank lovers, which sleeps up to 6 guests: 1 queen size, 1 king or 2 singles, 1 queen convertible sofa. A peaceful and delicate atmosphere, far from any noise, close to the sky, on the top floor of a high standing building of classy Haussmannian architecture. Access with elevator/lift, for 2 people at once. Nice and friendly neighbors, helpful concierge, security codes and intercom. We welcome our guests as our friends, and make our best efforts to make sure you enjoy your stay with us!  ... and come back! At a reasonable pricing, because we don't want to host only wealthy people, we value other riches too :) IN BRIEF : - Unbeatable location - very well connected to public transport (metro+bike+bus+train) - lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums) - 2 bedroo
15637	Located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, at a walking distance of everything : shops, restaurants, department store, Luxembourg Gardens, this comfortable apartment of 105m2 (1155sq/ft) is on the 1st floor with elevator in a deluxe typical Parisian freestone building, nicely furnished with charm and modern equipments. large and bright double living room, 3 quiet bedrooms with 2 double beds and 2 single beds overlooking a courtyard, fully equipped and modern kitchen with washing-machine, dishwasher and microwave bathroom with bathtub, independant toilets, Phone, TV and high speed Internet  Sleeps: 5 people Metro: Saint Sulpice, Saint Germain des Pres (line 4) or Mabillon (line 10)  Many bus stops nearby 	Located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, at a walking distance of everything : shops, restaurants, department store, Luxembourg Gardens, this comfortable apartment of 105m2 (1155sq/ft) is on the 1st floor with elevator in a deluxe typical Parisian freestone building, nicely furnished with charm and modern equipments. large and bright double living room, 3 quiet bedrooms with 2 double beds and 2 single beds overlooking a courtyard, fully equipped and modern kitchen with washing-machine, dishwasher and microwave bathroom with bathtub, independant toilets, Phone, TV and high speed Internet  Sleeps: 5 people Metro: Saint Sulpice, Saint Germain des Pres (line 4) or Mabillon (line 10)  Many bus stops nearby 
15638	The  flat is spacious and has a real typical parisian charm with  tiles on  the floor,  great kitchen and comfortable beds.	145 sqm located  Rue Bonaparte, in the heart of the 6th arrondissement, in a hotel particulier from the 17th century, 30 meters from  the Gardens of Luxembourg. Ideal for a family who want to spend an unforgettable stay in Paris. The  flat is spacious and has a real typical parisian charm with  tiles on  the floor,  great kitchen and comfortable beds. You have access to the entire flat. It's your home during your holidays ! I  will be available for any questions during your stay. Best area of Paris, near St Germain,  latin quarter, St Sulpice, Montparnasse and the gardens of Luxembourg. 5 minutes away from subway stop St Sulpice on line 4. Just note that for any early or late check out outside working hours, on holidays or  on sundays, and for any move you would request at the flat during your stay outside working hours, a 40 euros supplement will be asked.
15639	On the left bank in St. Germain des Pres, near the Pont des Arts bridge spanning the Seine, guests are close to the heart of the fashion district, art galleries, patisseries, cafes and market streets.  All of Paris is available on foot or via nearby metro lines and buses. Secluded on a typical Paris courtyard, four large windows overlook the courtyard from the living area and bedroom.  Shiny wooden floors add to the feeling of warmth.  An ornamental fireplace provides a focal point for comfortable seating and the open plan living area hosts a dining table for up to four guests.  An eat-at bar separates the fully equipped kitchen from the living area, and a window in the kitchen opens to an internal light well.  A sofa converts to a double bed for extra sleeping space for children or a third adult. The ample bedroom boasts a king sized bed and an en-suite limestone bathroom with tub, rain head shower, and closeted washer and dryer. Stained glass windows sit over and beside the tub.  A s	La Cour Traditionnelle provides a perfect location from which to explore the delights of Paris, like a true Parisienne.  On the left bank in St. Germain des Pres, near the Pont des Arts bridge spanning the Seine, guests are close to the heart of the fashion district, art galleries, patisseries, cafes and market streets.  All of Paris is available on foot or via nearby metro lines and buses. Secluded on a typical Paris courtyard, four large windows overlook the courtyard from the living area and bedroom.  Shiny wooden floors add to the feeling of warmth.  An ornamental fireplace provides a focal point for comfortable seating and the open plan living area hosts a dining table for up to four guests.  An eat-at bar separates the fully equipped kitchen from the living area, and a window in the kitchen opens to an internal light well.  A sofa converts to a double bed for extra sleeping space for children or a third adult. The ample bedroom boasts a king sized bed and an en-suite limestone ba
15640	Located in ground floor overlooking a quiet courtyard, this apartment of 70sqm modern and tastefully decorated can accommodate 5 people. -1 Main room features a sofa bed -An open kitchen (ceramic hob, microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker) with washing machine -Marble bathroom with bathtub -Wifi Internet / Television Very well-located, this flat is right in the center of the “Quartier Latin”, few steps from several  tourist places as Notre Dame Cathedral,  Louvre Museum and  Luxembourg garden. This area is well-known for its different and best places to go out: restaurants, bars and stores. There you will find a lively atmosphere but benefiting from your own quiet and private space in the flat.  In the courtyard, you will be able to admire this quiet place in the center of Paris. metro: Odeon line 4 (direct access Notre Dame, St Michel, Gare du Nord); Odeon line 10 (Motte Picquet, Gare d'Austerlitz)	The apartment is located in the center of Paris. Reaching lots of tourist spots is simple and fast on foot or by subway, where is surrounded by different restaurants, bars and stores. It's bright, spacious, chic and equipped by beautiful furniture. Located in ground floor overlooking a quiet courtyard, this apartment of 70sqm modern and tastefully decorated can accommodate 5 people. -1 Main room features a sofa bed -An open kitchen (ceramic hob, microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker) with washing machine -Marble bathroom with bathtub -Wifi Internet / Television Very well-located, this flat is right in the center of the “Quartier Latin”, few steps from several  tourist places as Notre Dame Cathedral,  Louvre Museum and  Luxembourg garden. This area is well-known for its different and best places to go out: restaurants, bars and stores. There you will find a lively atmosphere but benefiting from your own quiet and private space in the flat.  In the courtyard, you will be able to admire t
15641	This beautiful and vast two bedrooms apartment is situated on the famous and lively rue de Buci, in the Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. You will love its refined decoration, comfort, high quality furnishing, high ceiling and its central location to visit Paris. It is on the 1st floor without an elevator and can accommodate 4 guests. This splendid 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, apartment of 94 square meters (about 970 sq ft) features an exquisite living room with a gorgeous ceiling light, wooden floor, fireplace. There are two windows onto the rue de Buci where you can watch the Parisian life (double gazing windows - so no noise). Furniture includes a comfortable sofa, an antique mirror, a coffee table, several chairs, refined lights, and an antique secretaire. The separate kitchen is fully equipped with high quality amenities including dishwasher, washer, stove, microwave, oven. It features a large dining table with chairs and a bench. The apartment is equipped with central air c	This beautiful and vast two bedrooms apartment is situated on the famous and lively rue de Buci, in the Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. You will love its refined decoration, comfort, high quality furnishing, high ceiling and its central location to visit Paris. It is on the 1st floor without an elevator and can accommodate 4 guests. This splendid 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, apartment of 94 square meters (about 970 sq ft) features an exquisite living room with a gorgeous ceiling light, wooden floor, fireplace. There are two windows onto the rue de Buci where you can watch the Parisian life (double gazing windows - so no noise). Furniture includes a comfortable sofa, an antique mirror, a coffee table, several chairs, refined lights, and an antique secretaire. The separate kitchen is fully equipped with high quality amenities including dishwasher, washer, stove, microwave, oven. It features a large dining table with chairs and a bench. The apartment is equipped with central air c
15642	This apartment is ideal for a couple or small family. The open 38 m2 (about 409 ft2) studio includes a double Murphy bed which folds out from the wall providing optimum space when the bed is not needed, as well as a sofa bed which opens out to a comfortable double bed. Three large double-glazed windows make the apartment luminous with a pleasant view over the cobble-stoned courtyard. Newly renovated and freshly painted, this large studio is efficient, offering surprising versatility. The coffee table can be raised and extended to form a dining table for four, and the wall-mounted flat TV screen can be slanted in any direction you choose for comfortable viewing. The kitchen is well-equipped with all your cooking needs, and the new shower with separate WC make this apartment comfortable and convenient for your home away from home.	Animated market street at your doorstep! This quaint Parisian apartment is situated on a bustling market street just off Boulevard Saint Germain. Only a block away from the Seine and Odeon, you can walk practically anywhere from this central point. This apartment is ideal for a couple or small family. The open 38 m2 (about 409 ft2) studio includes a double Murphy bed which folds out from the wall providing optimum space when the bed is not needed, as well as a sofa bed which opens out to a comfortable double bed. Three large double-glazed windows make the apartment luminous with a pleasant view over the cobble-stoned courtyard. Newly renovated and freshly painted, this large studio is efficient, offering surprising versatility. The coffee table can be raised and extended to form a dining table for four, and the wall-mounted flat TV screen can be slanted in any direction you choose for comfortable viewing. The kitchen is well-equipped with all your cooking needs, and the new shower with
15643	A charming and quite functional studio in the very heart of Saint-Germain. Recently refurbished, its modern furnitures give a new breath to the classicall style of the place. When entering the place, find yourself in a room with open and fully equipped kitchen, adjoining a bedroom with a proper double bed, and a tilled shower room with walk-in shower. Decorated with taste, this studio is the accomodation you are looking for for short stays in this classy area or Paris.	On the 4th floor with elevator of a nice building in the heart  of Saint-Germain des Prés, this modern studio feature a small yet well equipped kitchen, a comfy bedroom with real bed (140*190), and a shower room with toilet A charming and quite functional studio in the very heart of Saint-Germain. Recently refurbished, its modern furnitures give a new breath to the classicall style of the place. When entering the place, find yourself in a room with open and fully equipped kitchen, adjoining a bedroom with a proper double bed, and a tilled shower room with walk-in shower. Decorated with taste, this studio is the accomodation you are looking for for short stays in this classy area or Paris. Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV.  House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal to help you all alon
15644		Un studio de charme donnant sur l'église saint Germain des Prés, avec une vue sur les toits de Paris. Soleil et calme. Une décoration tendance, une atmosphère intime. Des objets choisis avec soin pour un confort supérieur. No party no music.
15645	The apartment is located in the middle of ST Germain des Prés in front of the church and metro. Deux Magots, Flore and Lipp at your doorstep.  All the chic of Paris Rive Gauche.  Le Louvre is 10mns walk away. Notre Dame, too. 	In the middle of the best Paris has to offer, a lovely studio with a mezzanine and a large bed upstairs, a desk, and very high windows on a small St Germain street.  All equipment in a real kitchen including washer/dryer, dishwasher, wi fi.  The apartment is located in the middle of ST Germain des Prés in front of the church and metro. Deux Magots, Flore and Lipp at your doorstep.  All the chic of Paris Rive Gauche.  Le Louvre is 10mns walk away. Notre Dame, too. Very high windows for plenty of light and air.  A nice open and fully equipped kitchen with washer/dryer and dishwasher. a mezzanine with a double bed and a small desk with a TV.  dining table and sofa downstairs.  Key upon arrival. By person. Check in.  The neighborhood doesn't need to be described.  The apartment is 20 meters from Deux Magots. Right in front of St Germain church and metro.  Excellent restaurants around and all over Paris.  Street parkings and underground nearby. From airport you can either take RER from CDG 
15646	CET APPARTMENT DISPOSE D UNE BELLE PIECE DANS L ENTREE QUI PEUT FAIRE OFFICE DE BUREAU OU D ESPACE COUCHAGE SUPPLEMENTAIRE POUR FORMER 3EME CHAMBRE	Excellent location in the very heart of St Germain next to the river, at 50 meters from the famous St Michel Place and one block from Odeon in a deluxe 18th century building close to the cafes and local market of the rue de Buci and Boulevard St Germ CET APPARTMENT DISPOSE D UNE BELLE PIECE DANS L ENTREE QUI PEUT FAIRE OFFICE DE BUREAU OU D ESPACE COUCHAGE SUPPLEMENTAIRE POUR FORMER 3EME CHAMBRE
15647	L'appartement de 29m2, est situé au coeur du quartier Montparnasse, dans un immeuble très calme,  silencieux et reposant,sécurisé (double digicode) et en retrait de la rue. En face des célèbres restaurants des années 1930 : La Coupole, Le Dôme, La Rotonde, et à côté du Select ; mais aussi à 5 minutes à pieds du magnifique jardin du Luxembourg et à proximité immédiate des boutiques de la rue de Rennes et des Galeries Lafayette de Montparnasse. L'originalité de Montparnasse réside dans la générosité de son accueil, sa convivialité, son sens de fraternité, le mélange des gens et des genres. L'appartement est équipé d'un lit double 160cm divisible en 2 couchages de 80cm (literie neuve très confortable), un petit séjour, une cuisine équipée séparée et une salle de bains avec WC. Tout l'équipement nécessaire est prévu (lit fait avant votre arrivée, à votre disposition : café, thé, jus d'orange, eau.....) Le prix indiqué comprend le ménage avant votre arrivée et après votre départ. Désolée po	Appartement 2 pièces de 29m2 au coeur du quartier festif de Montparnasse, dans un immeuble très calme, reposant, sécurisé, en retrait de la rue sur cour arborée. Il est équipé d'un lit double en 160cm divisible en 2 lits de 80cm (literie neuve). L'appartement de 29m2, est situé au coeur du quartier Montparnasse, dans un immeuble très calme,  silencieux et reposant,sécurisé (double digicode) et en retrait de la rue. En face des célèbres restaurants des années 1930 : La Coupole, Le Dôme, La Rotonde, et à côté du Select ; mais aussi à 5 minutes à pieds du magnifique jardin du Luxembourg et à proximité immédiate des boutiques de la rue de Rennes et des Galeries Lafayette de Montparnasse. L'originalité de Montparnasse réside dans la générosité de son accueil, sa convivialité, son sens de fraternité, le mélange des gens et des genres. L'appartement est équipé d'un lit double 160cm divisible en 2 couchages de 80cm (literie neuve très confortable), un petit séjour, une cuisine équipée séparée 
15648	"The flat is small (12m2) but really confortable, clean and well-organized. I live in it and I just rent it this week cause I’ll travel to Roma. You've got a two persons mezzanine bed. A little cocooning space!  Under the mezzanine you've got a ""salon"" space with a BZ sofa.  The basic stuff for a kitchen are at your disposal (2 seats, table, hotplates, mini-oven, pans, stove, bowls, cups, glass, ustensils, plates, and few box and baker).  The shower is in the flat, but toilets are in the corridor. My neighboors are charming and this place is always clean.  And the cherry in the top of the sunday: a wonderful library and dressing! This flat, as you can presume, is not luxous but at very cosy! You'll feel the bohemain parisian life in it ;) Located under the roof, you've the opportunity to do your daily gym as reaching it (7 floor, without elevator) ;) But it deserve it and recompense you with a nice view on the Sacrée Coeur! Of course, clean towels and sheets are leave for free! "	"Charming studio with a mezzanine, located at the border of Saint Germain des Près and few blocks away from the Eiffel tower! Sorry for the pics' quality, my phone hasn't a good camera. The flat is small (12m2) but really confortable, clean and well-organized. I live in it and I just rent it this week cause I’ll travel to Roma. You've got a two persons mezzanine bed. A little cocooning space!  Under the mezzanine you've got a ""salon"" space with a BZ sofa.  The basic stuff for a kitchen are at your disposal (2 seats, table, hotplates, mini-oven, pans, stove, bowls, cups, glass, ustensils, plates, and few box and baker).  The shower is in the flat, but toilets are in the corridor. My neighboors are charming and this place is always clean.  And the cherry in the top of the sunday: a wonderful library and dressing! This flat, as you can presume, is not luxous but at very cosy! You'll feel the bohemain parisian life in it ;) Located under the roof, you've the opportunity to do your daily gym"
15649	Location studio meublé, Paris 14eme .  Face à la Tour Montparnasse.Près de nombreux restaurants ,théâtres,cinémas; à 15mn de St Germain , du jardin du Luxembourg,du Bon Marché et des Invalides Métro et Bus à proximité,ligne 4,6,12et 13. La station de métro la plus proche se trouve rue d'Odessa qui se trouve à moins de 50 mètres du studio. Il y a de nombreux bus qui permettent de rejoindre les différents lieux touristiques de la capitale très rapidement.  Situé face aux Galeries Lafayettes ,près du Marché Edgar Quinet et de fameux restaurants. Ensoleillé, calme, rénové, studio côté cour, au 3ème étage d’un petit immeuble. Studio idéal pour 1 personne avec 1 pièce principale avec un canapé-lit double, coin repas, séparé de la kitchenette par un bar. Kitchenette entièrement équipée, avec 2 plaques électriques à induction, 1réfrigérateur et 1 micro-onde/four. Salle de bain privée avec baignoire et WC.  WIFI, Tv écran plat. Linges de bain et draps fournis. location à la semaine ou plus reco	Location studio meublé, Paris 14eme .  Face à la Tour Montparnasse.Près de nombreux restaurants ,théâtres,cinémas; à 15mn de St Germain , du jardin du Luxembourg,du Bon Marché et des Invalides Métro et Bus à proximité,ligne 4,6,12et 13. La station de métro la plus proche se trouve rue d'Odessa qui se trouve à moins de 50 mètres du studio. Il y a de nombreux bus qui permettent de rejoindre les différents lieux touristiques de la capitale très rapidement.  Situé face aux Galeries Lafayettes ,près du Marché Edgar Quinet et de fameux restaurants. Ensoleillé, calme, rénové, studio côté cour, au 3ème étage d’un petit immeuble. Studio idéal pour 1 personne avec 1 pièce principale avec un canapé-lit double, coin repas, séparé de la kitchenette par un bar. Kitchenette entièrement équipée, avec 2 plaques électriques à induction, 1réfrigérateur et 1 micro-onde/four. Salle de bain privée avec baignoire et WC.  WIFI, Tv écran plat. Linges de bain et draps fournis. location à la semaine ou plus reco
15650	"Quiet 20 m2 apartment, on the 6th floor (elevator going at the 5th), very cosy, ""attic style"". Real bed in the mezzanine, little kitchen, normal bathroom with washing machine and shower."	" - Perfect location : heart of Paris near the Seine river, very quiet, the most beautiful sites of Paris at walking distances : Le Louvre, Notre Dame, l'Institut, Pont Neuf, Saint Michel, Odéon... - Emplacement parfait en plein Paris             Quiet 20 m2 apartment, on the 6th floor (elevator going at the 5th), very cosy, ""attic style"". Real bed in the mezzanine, little kitchen, normal bathroom with washing machine and shower. The apartment is located near by major places and monuments of Paris : Le Louvre, l'Institut, Pont Neuf, Saint Michel, Pont des Arts, La Monnaie de Paris, Notre Dame, La Sainte Chapelle, Saint Germain, Odéon etc... All at walking distances. Perfect for visiting Paris ! And of course lots of cafés, and typical french restaurants in the little streets around ! very easy to come from all airports : - Charles de Gaulle airport by RER B : stop at St Michel Notre Dame then it's 10 minutes walking ...! - And same thing coming from Orly airport by taking the Orlyval an"
15651	"This is a ""faux"" one bedroom apartment with the bed enclosed for visual privacy by partitions. It is large, 505 Sq. Ft., and is located on the fourth American floor with an elevator. The high ceiling with fine old beams, tall windows, and the view of the quays and Notre Dame create a feeling of space and light. Double-glazed windows offer protection from traffic noises and the well-designed layout makes the best use of the space while still affording an element of privacy for more than two occupants. The living/dining area has a traditional terra-cotta tiled floor, two sofas (one is a good double sofa bed), and dining furniture. A breakfast bar divider stands in the well-equipped kitchen area, with modern integrated units, washer/dryer, and dishwasher. This apartment has Cable TV, a Stereo, and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. The bedroom area with a European queen size bed is neatly concealed behind a half-wall. The in-suite bathroom, completely remodeled in 2006, has a walk-in shower,"	"With a view overlooking the Seine, Ile de la Cite, and Notre Dame, it is hardly necessary to point out the wonderful central location of this apartment! This is a ""faux"" one bedroom apartment with the bed enclosed for visual privacy by partitions. It is large, 505 Sq. Ft., and is located on the fourth American floor with an elevator. The high ceiling with fine old beams, tall windows, and the view of the quays and Notre Dame create a feeling of space and light. Double-glazed windows offer protection from traffic noises and the well-designed layout makes the best use of the space while still affording an element of privacy for more than two occupants. The living/dining area has a traditional terra-cotta tiled floor, two sofas (one is a good double sofa bed), and dining furniture. A breakfast bar divider stands in the well-equipped kitchen area, with modern integrated units, washer/dryer, and dishwasher. This apartment has Cable TV, a Stereo, and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. The bedro"
15652		Pendant mon absence, je loue mon appartement de 26 m2, situé rue du Cherche-Midi, quartier saint germain, dans un immeuble du XVII°siècle. Il est à 10 minutes à pieds de Montparnasse, au niveau du métro Sévres-Babylone, quartier chic et commerçant, à 1 minute du Bon Marché. 
15653		Vivre cet appartement c'est presque vivre dans une chambre d'Aristochats avec vue sur les toits de paris... Une vraie toile de peintre ! Espace très calme baigné de lumière naturelle.  Un univers éclectique de part mes collections et trouvailles...
15654	Hello ! We rent our big and charming duplex. It is at the very heart of Saint Germain des Prés (one of the most famous and central neighbourhoods in Paris), 2 minutes away from the Seine and Notre Dame de Paris ! On the 5th floor (without lift), in a very calm street, this great 65 sqm flat is very luminous and the view on Paris roofs, Notre Dame and Le Panthéon is amazing The first level is composed of a big living room (television, Iphone dock, Wifi Internet free access, confortable fold-down bed), a equipped kitchen (oven, micro wave, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge, freezer), a shower and separate toilets On the second level, is a room (with huge dressing and double bed), and a bathroom (bath and toilets). The flat can accommodate 4 people, and if necessary, towels and bed linen can be provided. The flat is perfectlylocated for a very pleasant stay in Paris, at a walking distance from Le Marais (Centre Pompidou, Place des Vosges), The Louvre, The Orsay Museum, the Tuil	Hello, we rent our duplex, in center saint germain Hello ! We rent our big and charming duplex. It is at the very heart of Saint Germain des Prés (one of the most famous and central neighbourhoods in Paris), 2 minutes away from the Seine and Notre Dame de Paris ! On the 5th floor (without lift), in a very calm street, this great 65 sqm flat is very luminous and the view on Paris roofs, Notre Dame and Le Panthéon is amazing The first level is composed of a big living room (television, Iphone dock, Wifi Internet free access, confortable fold-down bed), a equipped kitchen (oven, micro wave, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge, freezer), a shower and separate toilets On the second level, is a room (with huge dressing and double bed), and a bathroom (bath and toilets). The flat can accommodate 4 people, and if necessary, towels and bed linen can be provided. The flat is perfectlylocated for a very pleasant stay in Paris, at a walking distance from Le Marais (Centre Pompidou, Place 
15655	This is a clean, quiet, comfortable apartment located in the fancy neighborhood of Paris. The flat is ideally located and it's also a nice one for having a rest after visiting Paris.	This is a clean, quiet, comfortable apartment located in the fancy neighborhood of Paris. The flat is ideally located and it's also a nice one for having a rest after visiting Paris. This is a clean, quiet, comfortable apartment located in the fancy neighborhood of Paris. The flat is ideally located and it's also a nice one for having a rest after visiting Paris. The flat is located only 5 minutes by walk from the metro station St Germain.
15656	Magnifique appartement récemment refait à neuf dans un style design. Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble cossu de la rue de Vaugirard dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris. Idéal pour 2 ou 4 personnes, profitez d'un emplacement idéal dans le quartier recherché de Saint Germain des Prés.	    Appartement design de 2 pièces de 23 m2 parfaitement optimisé pour 2 ou 4 personnes situé dans le quartier de Saint Germain des Prés, Paris 6ème. Dans un bel immeuble avec ascenseur, au 7ème étage.     Magnifique appartement récemment refait à neuf dans un style design. Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble cossu de la rue de Vaugirard dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris. Idéal pour 2 ou 4 personnes, profitez d'un emplacement idéal dans le quartier recherché de Saint Germain des Prés. Des années 30 aux années 60, ce quartier était le lieu culturel parisien par excellence autour des discussions littéraires de Simone de Beauvoir et Jean-Paul Sartre, installés au Deux Magots. A mi-chemin entre le jardin du Luxembourg et les Tuileries, immiscez-vous dans les plus belles rues de Paris pour découvrir ses bijoux culturels : le Musée du Louvre, son Palais Royal, l'emblématique Bon Marché, le Théâtre de l'Odéon ou encore l'Île de la Cité abritant la célèbre Cathédrale Notre Dame. Idéa
15657	"Situated on the ground floor, this charming 2 bedroom apartment sleeps 4 people in two double bedrooms sharing one bathroom. The apartment has access to a semi-private courtyard, so in the summer months one can enjoy an aperitif outside. It also gives the property a ""country cottage"" feel as one enters via the courtyard and the little red door between the windows with white shutters. The church of St. Germain des Prés, the official ""center"" of the area, is just a stone's throw away, whilst Les Invalides, the river Seine and the Eiffel Tower are all within walking distance. The area offers épiciers, boulangeries, cafés, brasseries and wonderful restaurants. This apartment is located in one of the most upmarket shopping areas of Paris. Indeed Le Bon Marché, one of the city's most famous department stores is just a few blocks away! Stroll down the rue de Rennes toward Montparnasse or explore the winding streets of St Germain with its designer shops. Stop for a coffee at the Café les Deux "	"A true home away from home, this cosy apartment is a haven of peace, wonderfully located in Saint Germain, with easy access to sights and shopping.  Situated on the ground floor, this charming 2 bedroom apartment sleeps 4 people in two double bedrooms sharing one bathroom. The apartment has access to a semi-private courtyard, so in the summer months one can enjoy an aperitif outside. It also gives the property a ""country cottage"" feel as one enters via the courtyard and the little red door between the windows with white shutters. The church of St. Germain des Prés, the official ""center"" of the area, is just a stone's throw away, whilst Les Invalides, the river Seine and the Eiffel Tower are all within walking distance. The area offers épiciers, boulangeries, cafés, brasseries and wonderful restaurants. This apartment is located in one of the most upmarket shopping areas of Paris. Indeed Le Bon Marché, one of the city's most famous department stores is just a few blocks away! Stroll dow"
15658	Very unique apartment for a city like Paris. Comfortably equipped with all the necessary amenities. Double height ceilings, very spacious kitchen and living room, large dining table inside + outside table for eating on the terrace. Private entrance directly into apt through small, calm street full of art galleries, second entrance through terrace onto main building on Rue Bonaparte. Living room couch turns into queen-sized bed and is ideal for watching television.	Main room + full bathroom in 130m apt at the core of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Ground floor location with private entrance on calm street, w/ terrace, large living room + kitchen. Friendly 23yr-old Venezuelan flatmate (w/ own room+bathroom). Very unique apartment for a city like Paris. Comfortably equipped with all the necessary amenities. Double height ceilings, very spacious kitchen and living room, large dining table inside + outside table for eating on the terrace. Private entrance directly into apt through small, calm street full of art galleries, second entrance through terrace onto main building on Rue Bonaparte. Living room couch turns into queen-sized bed and is ideal for watching television. Guests will be sleeping on main bedroom, equipped with a queen-sized bed, and full en-suite bathroom with toilet, bathtub, shower, as well as two sinks/dressers. The room includes also a desk, as well as a tv and a printer if ever necessary. A sufficient part of the closet space will be mad
15659	Appartement cosy de 30 m2,  typiquement parisien, parquets en bois et poutres apparentes. Il se compose d'un salon, d'une cuisine américaine, d'une chambre et d'une salle de bains. Le salon est éclairé par deux belles fenêtres, vous profiterez d'un canapé convertible confortable qui sert de lit d'appoint, une table de salle à manger et 4 chaises, une petite table bureau. La cuisine est entièrement  équipée. Dans la chambre ,un lit simple pour une personne  et un bureau. La chambre donne sur une petite cour calme avec des arbres. La salle de bains est accessible par la chambre, elle comprend une baignoire, un lavabo et des toilettes. Un accès internet en wifi dans tout l'appartement , les draps et serviettes  sont fournis. 	Situé au 1 er étage, rue du Cherche-Midi, à deux pas du Bon marché et de Saint-Germain des Prés. Charmant appartement parisien pour 2 personnes, un salon, une cuisine américaine, une chambre avec lit simple, un canapé convertible dans le salon. Appartement cosy de 30 m2,  typiquement parisien, parquets en bois et poutres apparentes. Il se compose d'un salon, d'une cuisine américaine, d'une chambre et d'une salle de bains. Le salon est éclairé par deux belles fenêtres, vous profiterez d'un canapé convertible confortable qui sert de lit d'appoint, une table de salle à manger et 4 chaises, une petite table bureau. La cuisine est entièrement  équipée. Dans la chambre ,un lit simple pour une personne  et un bureau. La chambre donne sur une petite cour calme avec des arbres. La salle de bains est accessible par la chambre, elle comprend une baignoire, un lavabo et des toilettes. Un accès internet en wifi dans tout l'appartement , les draps et serviettes  sont fournis. accès à tout l'appartem
15660	This 85 square meters apartment is very bright and has some old character, typical of the neighborhood (high ceilings, exposed beams, fire place and tall windows), with modern conveniences. It’s a typical Parisian apartment that oozes elegance and style, making it the perfect choice for Saint Germain lovers. A great array of furniture pieces, textures, patterns, accessories, and materials make up this space very Parisian. Located in an up-scale sought-after area of Paris, this charming apartment is close to the famous Place Furstenberg the smallest square in Paris. 	It’s a stunning 2 bedroom apartment with a total area of 85sqm located on the 3th floor with lift of a characteristic 19th century building in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. The apartment is very bright and has modern conveniences This 85 square meters apartment is very bright and has some old character, typical of the neighborhood (high ceilings, exposed beams, fire place and tall windows), with modern conveniences. It’s a typical Parisian apartment that oozes elegance and style, making it the perfect choice for Saint Germain lovers. A great array of furniture pieces, textures, patterns, accessories, and materials make up this space very Parisian. Located in an up-scale sought-after area of Paris, this charming apartment is close to the famous Place Furstenberg the smallest square in Paris. Living – dining area : the 2 square meters entrance hall leads directly to the 20 m2 living – dining room southern oriented and very sunny. It has 2 double glazed windows facing street and it
15661	This refined one bedroom apartment is perfectly located on Rue des Grands-Augustins, a quiet street next to the Seine River and Ile de la Cité, in the 6th arrondissement. On the first floor without lift, it is quiet with a view on the courtyard. Just recently renovated, it is perfect for a family or a romantic stay.  The charming one bedroom apartment of about 30 square meters (or about 322 sq ft) features a cosy living room with a convertible sofa (140x190cm), a dining table with four chairs, two large windows, and a TV set. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with stove, fridge, drying washer, compact dishwasher, toaster, microwave, coffee maker. The decoration is a blend of modernity and classicism which offers comfort and charm.  The separate and quiet bedroom features a queen size bed (170x200cm), a dressing, and a window on the lovely courtyard. The bathroom features an Italian shower, and a sink. You can access the individual toilet directly from the living room. This charmi	Quiet one bedroom apartment situated Rue des Grands Augustins, next to Seine River, in 6th arrondissement. 1st floor with out an elevator. Just renovated with a charming & modern decoration, with a lovely view on a courtyard. Perfect location! This refined one bedroom apartment is perfectly located on Rue des Grands-Augustins, a quiet street next to the Seine River and Ile de la Cité, in the 6th arrondissement. On the first floor without lift, it is quiet with a view on the courtyard. Just recently renovated, it is perfect for a family or a romantic stay.  The charming one bedroom apartment of about 30 square meters (or about 322 sq ft) features a cosy living room with a convertible sofa (140x190cm), a dining table with four chairs, two large windows, and a TV set. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with stove, fridge, drying washer, compact dishwasher, toaster, microwave, coffee maker. The decoration is a blend of modernity and classicism which offers comfort and charm.  The sepa
15662	Anciennement d'artiste! L'appartement entier excepte le dressing. Selon la demande et la possibilité ! Quartier ancien, vert et animé.  Agréable en journée comme en soirée! Nombreux métros ( lignes 4,12,6) RER B Bus (phone number hidden) + noctiliens. L'appartement entier excepte le dressing. Selon la demande et la possibilité ! Quartier ancien, vert et animé.  Agréable en journée comme en soirée! Nombreux métros ( lignes 4,12,6) RER B Bus (phone number hidden) + noctiliens. L'appartement entier excepte le dressing. Selon la demande et la possibilité ! Quartier ancien, vert et animé.  Agréable en journée comme en soirée! Nombreux métros ( lignes 4,12,6) RER B Bus (phone number hidden) + noctiliens.	Anciennement d'artiste! L'appartement entier excepte le dressing. Selon la demande et la possibilité ! Quartier ancien, vert et animé.  Agréable en journée comme en soirée! Nombreux métros ( lignes 4,12,6) RER B Bus (phone number hidden) + noctiliens. L'appartement entier excepte le dressing. Selon la demande et la possibilité ! Quartier ancien, vert et animé.  Agréable en journée comme en soirée! Nombreux métros ( lignes 4,12,6) RER B Bus (phone number hidden) + noctiliens. L'appartement entier excepte le dressing. Selon la demande et la possibilité ! Quartier ancien, vert et animé.  Agréable en journée comme en soirée! Nombreux métros ( lignes 4,12,6) RER B Bus (phone number hidden) + noctiliens.
15663	Bright and Charming one bedroom under the roofs with stunning views of Paris. Recently renovated and fully equipped to become a perfect pied a terre enabling a pleasant and comfortable stay in Paris. The apartment has a living room with 2 1 person sofa bed, wireless internet, cable TV and separate beautiful fireplace. The kitchen is separated, the bathroom has a bathtub and a large bedroom with double bed and closets that offers all the comforts The apartment is located on the back of a Haussmann building and its situation on the 7th floor (small lift) allows to enjoy a breathtaking view. If you stay on the left bank, you are in the heart of the St. Germain des Pres area, with many restaurants, bakeries, chocolate shops and pubs / bars. You can find the metro Saint-Michel RER just around the corner in the same building where multiple lines are available, including RER trains that can take you from airports, Disneyland, resorts and tourist attractions such as the Eiffel Tower and Versai	Very bright and central 1 bedroom flat with view over Paris;   one quite large bedroom plus two convertible chairs for your guest in the living room and a small but well equipped separate kitchen;  very close to lot of attractions & transportation Bright and Charming one bedroom under the roofs with stunning views of Paris. Recently renovated and fully equipped to become a perfect pied a terre enabling a pleasant and comfortable stay in Paris. The apartment has a living room with 2 1 person sofa bed, wireless internet, cable TV and separate beautiful fireplace. The kitchen is separated, the bathroom has a bathtub and a large bedroom with double bed and closets that offers all the comforts The apartment is located on the back of a Haussmann building and its situation on the 7th floor (small lift) allows to enjoy a breathtaking view. If you stay on the left bank, you are in the heart of the St. Germain des Pres area, with many restaurants, bakeries, chocolate shops and pubs / bars. You c
15664	"Beautiful flat in the 6th arrondissement, the most beautiful, lovely and peaceful area in Paris Jardin du Luxembourg.  The apartment is full of sun ! Lot of metro and bus around (Vavin, Notre dame des champs, Montparnasse) The tube lane 4 bring you directly at Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris (Vavin - St Michel) in 6mn. The tube lane 6 bring you to the Tour Eiffel  (Montparnasse; Bir Hakeim/ Tour Eiffel) in 10mn. Gare Montparnasse to ""Chateau de Versailles"" in 30mn by train (train every 20mn). 10 mn by walk of St Germain Des Près (Café de Flore, Les 2 magots...) 8 mn to the Place St Sulpice and ""Le Bon Marché"". The appartement is located in a quiet street,there is Wifi, washing/dryer machin, an oven, TV, coach, double bed (160x200cm) and bathtube. The kitchen is full equiped, but if your not in the mood to cook yourself, you'll find down the street, a very good pizzeria (Mama), lot of fish & seafood restaurants, a very high gastronomic Italian restaurant (Head chief Guy Martin), a specia"	"Modern & Charming flat in the 6th arrondissement, the most beautiful, lovely and peaceful area in Paris, Jardin du Luxembourg.           Beautiful flat in the 6th arrondissement, the most beautiful, lovely and peaceful area in Paris Jardin du Luxembourg.  The apartment is full of sun ! Lot of metro and bus around (Vavin, Notre dame des champs, Montparnasse) The tube lane 4 bring you directly at Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris (Vavin - St Michel) in 6mn. The tube lane 6 bring you to the Tour Eiffel  (Montparnasse; Bir Hakeim/ Tour Eiffel) in 10mn. Gare Montparnasse to ""Chateau de Versailles"" in 30mn by train (train every 20mn). 10 mn by walk of St Germain Des Près (Café de Flore, Les 2 magots...) 8 mn to the Place St Sulpice and ""Le Bon Marché"". The appartement is located in a quiet street,there is Wifi, washing/dryer machin, an oven, TV, coach, double bed (160x200cm) and bathtube. The kitchen is full equiped, but if your not in the mood to cook yourself, you'll find down the street, a v"
15665		Une chambre ensoleillée et calme située à Saint-Germain-des-prés à deux pas de la place St-Sulpice et du jardin du Luxembourg. Appartement spacieux, au 1er étage avec ascenseur, cuisine équipée, douche à l'italienne, grande fenêtre dans chaque pièce.
15666		    Flat 40m2 , cosy, confortable, 900m to the Eiffel tower. 4 bedrooms, 2 SDB , 2 WC   
15667	This charming apartment is located in the lively 6th arrondissement, at the corner of rue Grégoire de Tours and Rue des Quatre Vents. It is situated between Saint Germain des Prés and the Odeon area, next to the Marché Saint Germain. It is on the 3rd floor without an elevator, and accommodates 2 guests. The double exposition makes it very luminous, and the decoration is beautiful.  The surface area of this studio apartment is 25 square meters, or 270 square feet, with a large and luminous living room. There are 2 windows overlooking rue Grégoire de Tours and rue des Quatre Vents; which make the apartment very luminous. The decoration is charming with wooden furniture, wooden floor and wooden beams. There is a small fire place, and a wooden dining table with an adaptable size.  The convertible sofa opens into a comfortable full size bed. The small kitchen, situated in the living room area, includes a fridge, microwave and (website hidden) and free wifi are included. The bathroom feature	Charming studio apartment located Rue Grégoire de Tours in Saint Germain des Prés. 3rd floor without an elevator. Very luminous with 2 Windows on the court side. Convertible sofa, equipped kitchen, shower.  This charming apartment is located in the lively 6th arrondissement, at the corner of rue Grégoire de Tours and Rue des Quatre Vents. It is situated between Saint Germain des Prés and the Odeon area, next to the Marché Saint Germain. It is on the 3rd floor without an elevator, and accommodates 2 guests. The double exposition makes it very luminous, and the decoration is beautiful.  The surface area of this studio apartment is 25 square meters, or 270 square feet, with a large and luminous living room. There are 2 windows overlooking rue Grégoire de Tours and rue des Quatre Vents; which make the apartment very luminous. The decoration is charming with wooden furniture, wooden floor and wooden beams. There is a small fire place, and a wooden dining table with an adaptable size.  The c
15668		Loue pendant les fêtes, studio rue dauphine, dans le 6ème arrt, chambre en mezzanine + canapé-lit, cuis équipée, sdb douche, situé dans cour fermée, très calme.
15669	Designed one bedroom flat refurbished a few months ago. On the fourth floor of a secured building with elevator. One bedroom with Queen bed, rain shower, wc. american style kitechen. Linen and towels provided. Perfect for a couple of way. towels bedsheets, all inclusive.	"Designed one bedroom flat refurbished a few months ago. On the fourth floor of a secured building with elevator. One bedroom with Queen bed, rain shower, wc. american style kitechen. Linen and towels provided. Perfect for a couple of way. towels bedsheets, all inclusive. American style kitchen, Queen Size bed, big rain shower, wifi, air cond, big TV screen. The area is one of the most beautiful in Paris. Around the apartment you will find a lot of art galleries, French bakeries, most famous parisian bistros such as café de Flore , Les Deux Magots, Lipp... Don't forget the finest pastries as Ladurée, Pierre Hermé... At night the neighbourhood is full of life, there are music bands playing in the streets, the terraces and the ice cream shop are crowded. It's a very wealthy neighbourhood which also make it very safe even late at night. The apartment is very close to the metro stations ""st germain des pres"" line 4 ( 1min) and ""Mabillon"" line 10 ( 3min) , and also the RER B and C station ""l"
15670	"Located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés between ""Le pont des Arts"",""Le Louvre"" and ""Le Luxembourg"". Lovely duplex fully equipped for two people. Enjoy the charm of this neighborhood with famous coffee ""Les Deux Magots"" and ""Le Cafe de  Flore"". This 30sqm duplex offers, a spacious bedroom with enough closet space to put things away, a fully equipped kitchen, a washing-machine (with the drying function), a bathroom with a bath and Internet connection - wifi.  The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’.  Totally renovated, it has been decorated to make it the perfect retreat for Paris lovers. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Perfect for 2, you can also sleep 3 with one kid (there is a convertible sofa in the living room). All in all, a place full of character and in a great location. Internet"	"Located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés between ""Le pont des Arts"",""Le Louvre"" and ""Le Luxembourg"". Lovely duplex fully equipped for two people. Enjoy the charm of this neighborhood with famous coffee ""Les Deux Magots"" and ""Le Cafe de  Flore"". Located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés between ""Le pont des Arts"",""Le Louvre"" and ""Le Luxembourg"". Lovely duplex fully equipped for two people. Enjoy the charm of this neighborhood with famous coffee ""Les Deux Magots"" and ""Le Cafe de  Flore"". This 30sqm duplex offers, a spacious bedroom with enough closet space to put things away, a fully equipped kitchen, a washing-machine (with the drying function), a bathroom with a bath and Internet connection - wifi.  The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’.  Totally renovated, it has been decorated to make it the perfect retreat for Paris lovers. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the "
15671	Exceptional location on St-Sulpice square with a freshly refurnished flat. 	Fully furnished, the flat was entierly refurbished in summer 2014.  Exceptional location on St-Sulpice square with a freshly refurnished flat.  The entier fully furnished and equipped flat I should normally be here when you arrive and leave. Feel free to ask any question you have regarding the flat, the location details or the neighbourhood. 
15672	It is a beautiful and spacious (80m2) apartment  for 1, 2, 3 or 4 persons offering calm, space, comfort and greenery (it has a direct view on an attractive and romantic garden) located on the left bank, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés near Square St Sulpice. The building has been recently renovated. There is a lift.  The flat is authentic and stylish with high under ceilings and moldings. The apartment is very comfortable and spacious. It includes 2 bedrooms, 1 with a double bed and 1 with 2 single beds with a desk and a big closet for hanging your clothes and room for storage. There is also a cosy bathroom (with bathtub and shower), toilets are separate, a large living room with a sofa and armchairs, and a large kitchen (with a microwave oven, fridge, dishwasher). The apartment is a duplex, the location is situated on the second floor, I live on the third floor. Floors are connected by an internal staircase which is closed by a trapdoor when I rent the flat. (you have a photo) 	It is a beautiful and charming apartment offering tranquility and greenery (direct view on a romantic garden) for 1, 2, 3  or 4 persons. It is located in the heart of Paris in St Germain des Près, near square St Sulpice and Luxembourg garden. It is a beautiful and spacious (80m2) apartment  for 1, 2, 3 or 4 persons offering calm, space, comfort and greenery (it has a direct view on an attractive and romantic garden) located on the left bank, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés near Square St Sulpice. The building has been recently renovated. There is a lift.  The flat is authentic and stylish with high under ceilings and moldings. The apartment is very comfortable and spacious. It includes 2 bedrooms, 1 with a double bed and 1 with 2 single beds with a desk and a big closet for hanging your clothes and room for storage. There is also a cosy bathroom (with bathtub and shower), toilets are separate, a large living room with a sofa and armchairs, and a large kitchen (with a microwave o
15673	"Spacious Paris studio apartment ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, just beside the lively place Saint André des Arts and the famous place Saint Michel. Easy walking distance to river Seine, Ile de la cité and Notre Dame Cathedral. Many good cafes and restaurants nearby to discover the rela Paris.  The studio is located on the 5th floor of 17th century building (without lift).It is a loft of 40 square meters for 4 people, very bright with no vis-à-vis, very high roof and a fire place. You will stay in an historical place with a lot of ""caché"". It was tastfully renewed very recently : modern fully equiped kitchen area (fridge, owen, hotplate) opened on the living room, a beautiful bathroom with a bathtub, visible beams, a comfortable double bed and two single beds. The apartment is fully equiped with cable tv, wifi access.  It is really ideal for successful Paris vacation rental in a very cosy and typical place.  You can walk to every famous places to visit in Paris "	"Spacious Paris studio apartment ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, just beside the lively place Saint André des Arts and the famous place Saint Michel. Easy walking distance to river Seine, Ile de la cité and Notre Dame Cathedral. Many good cafes and restaurants nearby to discover the rela Paris.  The studio is located on the 5th floor of 17th century building (without lift).It is a loft of 40 square meters for 4 people, very bright with no vis-à-vis, very high roof and a fire place. You will stay in an historical place with a lot of ""caché"". It was tastfully renewed very recently : modern fully equiped kitchen area (fridge, owen, hotplate) opened on the living room, a beautiful bathroom with a bathtub, visible beams, a comfortable double bed and two single beds. The apartment is fully equiped with cable tv, wifi access.  It is really ideal for successful Paris vacation rental in a very cosy and typical place.  You can walk to every famous places to visit in Paris "
15674	Adorable welcoming and cozy studio in fantastic area, 2 steps from Boulevard St Germain (6th arrondissement). Very central, it sleeps 2 people in a very quiet street.	Quaint studio located on the famous Boulevard St Germain. Seconds away from Café de Flore and just across the river from the Louvre. Very central and located on a quiet street it comfortably sleeps 2. Adorable welcoming and cozy studio in fantastic area, 2 steps from Boulevard St Germain (6th arrondissement). Very central, it sleeps 2 people in a very quiet street. The studio is fully equipped with a kitchen and bathroom. Located next to two different metro lines as well as multiple bus stops.
15675	Mon logement est unique car il est moderne et situer en plein cœur de saint germain des près , le quartier le plus chic de Paris avec ses nombreux restaurants , il est entièrement équipé .	beautiful sunny and quiet apartment in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres- Odeon .  Close to shops, transport , art galleries , Luxembourg Garden , Tuileries Garden , Louvre , Musée d'Orsay , Cafe de Flore, Lipp , Deux Magots , Notre Dame de Paris, Ile de la Cité .
15676		Au coeur de Paris, entre Luxembourg, Montparnasse, Saint Germain-des-Près. calme,  équipé.Salle de séjour avec lit 2 places au plafond(bed up non représenté sur la photo), salle de bain, toilettes,douche. Chauffage électrique. Convient à 2 personnes.
15677	2 rooms, recent and comfortable, ideally located close to Montparnasse & St Germain des Prés. 2 min walk from 2 metro lines. 375 sq feet, living room, calm bedroom, kitchen and separated bathroom. 375 square feet apartment, 2 rooms on ground floor. Comfortably accommodates 3 adults or 2 adults and 2 kids. One calm bedroom, isolated from the living room by a door, with a 5.25 feet wide double bed. Living room with a double sofa bed. Bathroom with shower. Equipped kitchen with induction, microwaves/oven, dishwasher. Washing machine and iron available. Bedsheets, towels, kitchen utensils, forks, knives, etc. are provided. You will also find every basic ingredients for breakfast : Fortnum&Mason or Mariage tea, Nespresso capsules (2 per night), Nutella, Tropicana juice, butter and Bonne Maman apricot jam. If needed, I can provide a foldable baby bed at no extra cost.	2 rooms flat, comfortable and very central, close to Montparnasse, Saint-Germain-des-Prés & Odéon, 2 minutes walk from 2 metro lines. 35 sqm, livingroom, calm bedroom, kitchen and separated showerroom. 2 rooms, recent and comfortable, ideally located close to Montparnasse & St Germain des Prés. 2 min walk from 2 metro lines. 375 sq feet, living room, calm bedroom, kitchen and separated bathroom. 375 square feet apartment, 2 rooms on ground floor. Comfortably accommodates 3 adults or 2 adults and 2 kids. One calm bedroom, isolated from the living room by a door, with a 5.25 feet wide double bed. Living room with a double sofa bed. Bathroom with shower. Equipped kitchen with induction, microwaves/oven, dishwasher. Washing machine and iron available. Bedsheets, towels, kitchen utensils, forks, knives, etc. are provided. You will also find every basic ingredients for breakfast : Fortnum&Mason or Mariage tea, Nespresso capsules (2 per night), Nutella, Tropicana juice, butter and Bonne Maman
15678	A few steps away from Boulevard Raspail and its organic market, perfect for a sunday stroll ! The apartment has a double bed, a pull out sofa, and a desk, a fully equipped kitchen (microwave,electric stove, and a fridge), and a bathroom with a shower and toilet.  You'll have access to unlimited WIFI. Linen and towels are provided. Access to laundry facilities.	Hello,  I have a charming parisian studio, with a view of the rooftops of Paris located in the heart of the left bank in the historic Saint-Germain des près neighborhood.  Calm, romantic, just a few steps away from le jardin du Luxembourg. A few steps away from Boulevard Raspail and its organic market, perfect for a sunday stroll ! The apartment has a double bed, a pull out sofa, and a desk, a fully equipped kitchen (microwave,electric stove, and a fridge), and a bathroom with a shower and toilet.  You'll have access to unlimited WIFI. Linen and towels are provided. Access to laundry facilities. Do not hesitate to contact me for any further informations ! Ideally situated, calm, romantic, few steps away from la place saint sulpice, le bon marche, le jardin du luxembourg, café de Flore, and right by Hemingway's hang out spots ! Lots of cafe, restaurants, bars, clubs, theaters around, all that makes this area for a authentic experience in Paris. Perfect location for a tourist! The apartm
15679	L'appartement possède une cuisine et une salle de bain indépendante. La pièce à vivre est très lumineuse et ne dispose d'aucun vis-à-vis. Il y a également de nombreux rangements. Tout est neuf et la qualité des finitions est excellente. Un vrai petit cocon.	Located in the richest cultural and artistical place of Paris, with a lot of museums, galleries and many great cafés and restaurants ( Palette, Café de Flore...). Shopping along Boulevard StGermain and at Bon Marché. Perfect living for two in Paris!
15680	If you are looking for something real parisien, something that represents the exquisite parisan lifestyle, this place is your choice. Having breakfast or brunch with the best croissant and coffee in Cafe de Flores, walking to Musée d'orsey to spend a chill afternoon, shopping at tasteful boutiques, drinking in a bar with a glass of Champagne...all your dreams about paris will be fulfilled within 10 mins walking distance from this apt. I love it, and you will love it ;)	Located in the Saint Germain district on the left bank. The apt it self is well equipped. You will be surrounded by numerous cafes (cafe de flores), luxemburg park, boutique shops, museums, book stores and of course La Seine. Best location in Paris! Saint German des près, Saint Sulprice.  Metro line 4, 10. 12 rent at least for two weeks
15681	This studio flat has recently been refurbished with fine decoration and fully equipped to provide a comfortable stay. Located on the 1st floor, it faces a safe and quiet street in a modern building. We live on the 2nd floor, which helps us to give the best service for a pleasant stay in Paris (addresses, maps, advice...). The flat has a well-equipped open-plan kitchen, a spacious bathroom, a dressing room, separate toilets and private terrace where you can relax and enjoy al fresco meals. Sheets and towels are provided and I can take care of washing your clothes. The convertible leather sofa provides a comfortable king-size bed. For sport enthusiasts, there is an exercise bicycle! Outside you can enjoy the life of a nice Paris neighbourhood (6th arrondissement) and its variety of restaurants, cafés and shops (e.g., boulangeries, food, fashion, furniture). The chic and luxurious department store, Le Bon Marché-Rive Gauche, and several famous high streets (e.g., rue de Rennes, rue du Che	This studio flat has recently been refurbished with fine decoration and fully equipped to provide a comfortable stay. Located on the 1st floor, it faces a safe and quiet street in a modern building. We live on the 2nd floor, which helps us to give the best service for a pleasant stay in Paris (addresses, maps, advice...). The flat has a well-equipped open-plan kitchen, a spacious bathroom, a dressing room, separate toilets and private terrace where you can relax and enjoy al fresco meals. Sheets and towels are provided and I can take care of washing your clothes. The convertible leather sofa provides a comfortable king-size bed. For sport enthusiasts, there is an exercise bicycle! Outside you can enjoy the life of a nice Paris neighbourhood (6th arrondissement) and its variety of restaurants, cafés and shops (e.g., boulangeries, food, fashion, furniture). The chic and luxurious department store, Le Bon Marché-Rive Gauche, and several famous high streets (e.g., rue de Rennes, rue du Che
15682		Studio avec mezzanine au cœur de Saint-Germain-des-Prés dans un quartier très animé, à deux pas des Métros Saint Germain des Prés et Odéon. Nombreux commerces et cinémas.
15683	In an old building from the 17th century, you will travel back in time. This studio has a lot of character and was freshly renewed in january 2015. Stone walls and oak beams are mixed with modern Scandinavian design. The window opens on a quiet courtyard scattered with plants Modern kitchen	       Lovely and modern studio in the heart of St-Germain-des-Prés, rue de Seine.  The neighborhood is home to famous cafés and art galleries.  Easy access: taxi, metro and bus stations in the vicinity.  Strictly non-smoking apartment. In an old building from the 17th century, you will travel back in time. This studio has a lot of character and was freshly renewed in january 2015. Stone walls and oak beams are mixed with modern Scandinavian design. The window opens on a quiet courtyard scattered with plants Modern kitchen You just step out the door into the lovely atmosphere of the most charming corner of the city Subway stations in the vicinity:  Mabillon, Line 10 St-Germain-des-Prés or Odéon, Line 4. You'll find several taxi stations in the neighborhood, and many bus lines on Boulevard St-Germain and St-Michel. If you arrive from Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport with the RER B, you can also walk from St-Michel Notre-Dame station. It's a nice 10' walk through rue St-André des Arts an
15684	"(SORRY FOR THE CANCELLATIONS IN SEPTEMBER AND OCTOBER. NEEDED THE APARTMENT FOR A RELATIVE FOR AN EMERGENCY SITUATION: AS OF END OF OCTOBER, ALL BACK TO NORMAL. THANK YOU FOR YOUR UNDERSTANDING) THIS IS A NEW AND  BEAUTIFUL STUDIO ABOUT 350 SQ.FEET. CANNOT BE MORE PERFECTLY LOCATED. METRO 4 OR 10 TO MABILLON, YOU GET OFF THE METRO, AND THE BUILDING IS LITERALLY TO YOUR RIGHT. VERY BEAUTIFUL AND WELL KEPT ""HAUSSMAN"" TYPE BUILDING.  LOCATED ON THE SEVENTH FLOOR, WITH TWO ELEVATORS AT YOUR DISPOSAL. APARTMENT IS TOWARDS THE BACK WITH VIEWS OF THE COURTYARD, SO TOTALLY QUIET, FROM THE VERY ALIVE ST.GERMAIN DES PRES. THE STUDIO IS TOTALLY NEW, NEW KITCHEN, NEW BATHROOM, NEW PARQUET FLOORS, ALL NEW!!! AMENITIES INCLUDE STOVE, REFRIGERATOR, WASHING MACHINE, TEA AND COFFEE MACHINE, T.V. WITH CABLE ACCESS, WIFI, IRON, MICROWAVE, TOASTER. TOWELS AND SHEETS ALSO PROVIDED. YOU HAVE ST.GERMAIN DES PRES, ODEON, RUE BUCI, AND RUE DE SEINE, RIGHT AT YOUR DOOR STEPS. LOTS OF MOVIE THEATHERS ON ODEON, T"	"(SORRY FOR THE CANCELLATIONS IN SEPTEMBER AND OCTOBER. NEEDED THE APARTMENT FOR A RELATIVE FOR AN EMERGENCY SITUATION: AS OF END OF OCTOBER, ALL BACK TO NORMAL. THANK YOU FOR YOUR UNDERSTANDING) THIS IS A NEW AND  BEAUTIFUL STUDIO ABOUT 350 SQ.FEET. CANNOT BE MORE PERFECTLY LOCATED. METRO 4 OR 10 TO MABILLON, YOU GET OFF THE METRO, AND THE BUILDING IS LITERALLY TO YOUR RIGHT. VERY BEAUTIFUL AND WELL KEPT ""HAUSSMAN"" TYPE BUILDING.  LOCATED ON THE SEVENTH FLOOR, WITH TWO ELEVATORS AT YOUR DISPOSAL. APARTMENT IS TOWARDS THE BACK WITH VIEWS OF THE COURTYARD, SO TOTALLY QUIET, FROM THE VERY ALIVE ST.GERMAIN DES PRES. THE STUDIO IS TOTALLY NEW, NEW KITCHEN, NEW BATHROOM, NEW PARQUET FLOORS, ALL NEW!!! AMENITIES INCLUDE STOVE, REFRIGERATOR, WASHING MACHINE, TEA AND COFFEE MACHINE, T.V. WITH CABLE ACCESS, WIFI, IRON, MICROWAVE, TOASTER. TOWELS AND SHEETS ALSO PROVIDED. YOU HAVE ST.GERMAIN DES PRES, ODEON, RUE BUCI, AND RUE DE SEINE, RIGHT AT YOUR DOOR STEPS. LOTS OF MOVIE THEATHERS ON ODEON, T"
15685	L' appartement se compose d'une petite entrée,  d'un vaste salon avec une cuisine à l'américaine, d'une chambre double avec balcon et d'une salle de bain. Dans le salon un canapé confortable et deux fauteuils,du parquet et des tapis, une table de salle à manger et des chaises. Derrière le bar, la cuisine entièrement équipée, cafetière, bouilloire, réfrigérateur, cuisson au gaz, machine à laver la vaisselle. De la fenêtre de la cuisine, vous pouvez contempler un panorama unique sur la tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. La chambre comprend deux lits simples, des rangements et une télévision. nous pouvons si vous le demander aménager la chambre avec un lit double. Un joli balcon vous donne des vues sur les églises de Saint Sulpice et de Saint Germain des Près. Dans la salle de bain, vous trouverez une baignoire équipée dune douche, des toilettes. Vous avez un accès illimité à internet en wifi dans tout l'appartement, une imprimante en wifi et une télévision avec des chaînes étrangères. No	L' appartement se compose d'une petite entrée,  d'un vaste salon avec une cuisine à l'américaine, d'une chambre double avec balcon et d'une salle de bain. Dans le salon un canapé confortable et deux fauteuils,du parquet et des tapis, une table de salle à manger et des chaises. Derrière le bar, la cuisine entièrement équipée, cafetière, bouilloire, réfrigérateur, cuisson au gaz, machine à laver la vaisselle. De la fenêtre de la cuisine, vous pouvez contempler un panorama unique sur la tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. La chambre comprend deux lits simples, des rangements et une télévision. nous pouvons si vous le demander aménager la chambre avec un lit double. Un joli balcon vous donne des vues sur les églises de Saint Sulpice et de Saint Germain des Près. Dans la salle de bain, vous trouverez une baignoire équipée dune douche, des toilettes. Vous avez un accès illimité à internet en wifi dans tout l'appartement, une imprimante en wifi et une télévision avec des chaînes étrangères. No
15686	"Right in the heart of the amazing rustle and bustle of Paris, (saint germain des prés ~ saint michel)  this apartment offers tranquility in an area well known for its grand history excellent restaurants and shopping malls close to Le Louvre ~ Notre Dame and ""Jardins du Luxembourg"" Fully furnished ~ Plasma TV ~ and wifi in its rare 17th century historical ambience ~ this building with bright sunshine coming through and its quaint courtyard ~ handsomely decorated which would suit both male and female, can offer up to two people an ecstatic experience. Should you wish to learn more please contact me"	"Right in the heart of the amazing rustle and bustle of Paris, (saint germain des prés ~ saint michel)  this apartment offers tranquility in an area well known for its grand history excellent restaurants and shopping malls close to Le Louvre ~ Notre Dame and ""Jardins du Luxembourg"" Fully furnished ~ Plasma TV ~ and wifi in its rare 17th century historical ambience ~ this building with bright sunshine coming through and its quaint courtyard ~ handsomely decorated which would suit both male and female, can offer up to two people an ecstatic experience. Should you wish to learn more please contact me"
15687	Télévision avec les chaines de la TNT Téléphone Internet Quartier Saint-Michel, beaucoup de restaurant très sympathiques dans les rues alentours, pour tous les goûts, tous les âges et tous les prix. Ambiance agréable pour sortir au rythme des soirées parisiennes dans les bars à proximités De l'Aéroport Roissy CDG ou Orly : RER B, station Saint-Michel-Notre Dame Très bien desservie -RER B et C  - Métro  Ligne 4 station Saint-Michel Ligne 10 Cluny-la Sorbonne Une petite salle de bain, car logement étudiant. Accès au lit en mezzanine par un meuble/escalier avec de très grande marches (voir photo)	Studio étudiant, en plein coeur du 6ème Arr avec poutres en bois apparentes.  Petite rue paisible malgré un quartier très vivant.  Logement 2 personnes, jusqu'à 4 maximum.  Lit mezzanine Petite salle de bain ... Télévision avec les chaines de la TNT Téléphone Internet Quartier Saint-Michel, beaucoup de restaurant très sympathiques dans les rues alentours, pour tous les goûts, tous les âges et tous les prix. Ambiance agréable pour sortir au rythme des soirées parisiennes dans les bars à proximités De l'Aéroport Roissy CDG ou Orly : RER B, station Saint-Michel-Notre Dame Très bien desservie -RER B et C  - Métro  Ligne 4 station Saint-Michel Ligne 10 Cluny-la Sorbonne Une petite salle de bain, car logement étudiant. Accès au lit en mezzanine par un meuble/escalier avec de très grande marches (voir photo)
15688	This charming and delightful Studio apartment is located on rue Dauphine in the 6th arrondissement,in the upscale 6th arrondissement of Paris, close to the famous Boulevard St. Germain and central to everything this beautiful city has to offer. This (email hidden)ly and fashionable area right in the heart of the city, packed with wonderful cafes, restaurants and boutique. It's on the 2 nd French floor of a 19th century building, equipped with : security code, intercom.  The apartment has a wonderful blend of traditional Parisian chic and crisp clean modern style. The stylish living/dining area is a space, with lots of natural light and cool white decor giving a relaxing ambiance. There is a large comfortable double sofa bed , funky coffee table,  smart flat screen TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. ,wardrobe,hard wood floor and a dining aera There is a double glazed window facing courtyard .  The open kitchen is equipped with : fridge, Induction hob, extractor hood	This charming and delightful Studio apartment is located on rue Dauphine in the 6th arrondissement,in the upscale 6th arrondissement of Paris, close to the famous Boulevard St. Germain and central to everything this beautiful city has to offer. This (email hidden)ly and fashionable area right in the heart of the city, packed with wonderful cafes, restaurants and boutique. It's on the 2 nd French floor of a 19th century building, equipped with : security code, intercom.  The apartment has a wonderful blend of traditional Parisian chic and crisp clean modern style. The stylish living/dining area is a space, with lots of natural light and cool white decor giving a relaxing ambiance. There is a large comfortable double sofa bed , funky coffee table,  smart flat screen TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. ,wardrobe,hard wood floor and a dining aera There is a double glazed window facing courtyard .  The open kitchen is equipped with : fridge, Induction hob, extractor hood
15689	This apartment has two levels. On the first one, you will find a modern kitchen fully equipped, perfect if you fell like cooking during your stay. The elegant dining room, has a large wooden table will easily accommodate up to 8 guests. This room is open on both the kitchen and the very spacious double living-room divided in two living spaces, one with a desk and a first couch, and another space with four comfortable chairs and another couch. A very long balcony follows the whole living room so bright, spacious and tastefully decorated with paints and sculptures. Upstairs you will access the three bedrooms. The first one has a double bed and a personal luxury bathroom with a bathtub and a walk-in shower. You will also appreciate the large closet to store clothes and luggage. Note that this room has A/C. The second room has two single beds that can easily be put together should you need a double-bed. There is also a large closet and the small balcony adds up to the charm of this 'purple	"Studio 24 m², situated on the ground floor of a tipical parisian building, located in the heart of the ""Quartier Latin"" ; a hop skip and jump from the Saint Germain des Prés Church, "
15690		Je propose deux chambres ainsi qu'une salle de bain privée dans un bel appartement parisien de 160 m2 en plein cœur de paris.
15691	This Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of a very good standing residence with a lift. The access is secured by a digicode and an intercom. This 70sqm apartment to rent in Paris has 2 separate bedrooms and a spacious living-room. All the windows look on Assas Street and the whole apartment is so bright even though it is on the 1st floor. The entrance leads to the main room. The fitted kitchen is open on the living-room which ensures a very spacious room. You will then be able to cook while entertaining your guests! The dining table can accomodate four people. The living-room has a comfortable sofa as well as chairs and a coffee table. The first bedroom is the smallest. It can also be used as an office as there is a desk and it can be separated from the living-room thanks to sliding doors. This room also has a door to access the corridor. You will enjoy total privacy whether you need a room to work or to sleep! This little room has two single beds (90×200). One is under the oth	A beautifully decorated, bright Paris apartment rental that is very spacious and in one of the most highly rated areas of Paris. Available at an excellent price and suitable for up to four people, This Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of a very good standing residence with a lift. The access is secured by a digicode and an intercom. This 70sqm apartment to rent in Paris has 2 separate bedrooms and a spacious living-room. All the windows look on Assas Street and the whole apartment is so bright even though it is on the 1st floor. The entrance leads to the main room. The fitted kitchen is open on the living-room which ensures a very spacious room. You will then be able to cook while entertaining your guests! The dining table can accomodate four people. The living-room has a comfortable sofa as well as chairs and a coffee table. The first bedroom is the smallest. It can also be used as an office as there is a desk and it can be separated from the living-room thanks to sliding d
15692	Bonjour, mon appartement, aussi petit que mignon, dispose de tout le confort: joli parquet, télévision, machine à laver… La douche et les toilettes sont dans l'appartement, vous disposez d'un vaisselle complète. L'appartement est très calme et lumineux! NB: je souhaite louer mon appartement pour deux mois complets en juillet août si vous êtes intéressés par ces dates faites le moi savoir possibilité de faire un prix! :) A noter: draps et serviette fournis, cuisine totalement équipée avec vaisselle Hello, my apartment as small as cute, offers every comfort: nice wooden floors, TV, washing machine... The shower and toilet are in the apartment, you have a complete set of dishes. The apartment is very bright and quiet!  NB: I want to rent my apartment for two full months in July and August if you are interested in these dates let me know possibility of a price! :) Note: linen and towels provided, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher	Je vous propose lors de votre séjour à Paris de profiter de mon joli petit studio situé sur le prestigieux boulevard Raspail, dans un immeuble de standing avec gardienne et ascenseur, proche du jardin du Luxembourg et du boulevard Saint Germain. Bonjour, mon appartement, aussi petit que mignon, dispose de tout le confort: joli parquet, télévision, machine à laver… La douche et les toilettes sont dans l'appartement, vous disposez d'un vaisselle complète. L'appartement est très calme et lumineux! NB: je souhaite louer mon appartement pour deux mois complets en juillet août si vous êtes intéressés par ces dates faites le moi savoir possibilité de faire un prix! :) A noter: draps et serviette fournis, cuisine totalement équipée avec vaisselle Hello, my apartment as small as cute, offers every comfort: nice wooden floors, TV, washing machine... The shower and toilet are in the apartment, you have a complete set of dishes. The apartment is very bright and quiet!  NB: I want to rent my apartm
15693	Serviettes et draps fournis.	Grand studio de 32 m carrés, situé à Montparnasse dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, grand balcon avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Cuisine équipée, rangements, lit 2 places, salle de bains avec douche et WC. Métro en face de l'immeuble. Serviettes et draps fournis. Accueil en personne au début et à la fin du séjour. Echanges par téléphone possible le reste du temps. Quartier vivant, beaucoup de commerces, bars et restaurants à quelques pas. Gare Montparnasse à quelques minutes à pied. Métro Montparnasse-Bienvenue en face de l'immeuble avec les lignes 4, 6, 12 et 13. Gare Montparnasse à quelques minutes à pied, avec également des trains de banlieue.
15694	Panorama on quais and Seine. Historical Paris within walk distances. Just stroll ! Elevator up to 5th floor. One floor by staircase.	"Artistic, academic, bouquiniste. West to East : bleaching Sacré-Cœur (hilly Montmartre), Louvre, Pont-Neuf, Samaritaine, Tour St Jacques, Notre-Dame... Beyond, 1er arrdt opening onto the sprightly Rive droite. South, sink deeply into the Rive gauche. Panorama on quais and Seine. Historical Paris within walk distances. Just stroll ! Elevator up to 5th floor. One floor by staircase. WI-FI. Free landline telephone in most countries. Except special numbers (08 ...) or short numbers with specific rates. Mobiles are charged ; unless you give somebody a bell in U.S.A. (but not Hawai & Alaska) or Canada. There might also be invoicing if you call too different numbers during your stay. No TV but Hi-Fi. The ""Luxembourg"" (up behind the Odeon Theater) will be your garden. There you can bring your lunch. Or dinner in the summer. MÉTRO : 1. Rive gauche : Saint-Michel or Odéon (line 4) ; Mabillon, Odéon or Cluny-La Sorbonne (line 10). 2. Rive droite : Pont-Neuf (line 7) ; otherwise Louvre-Rivoli (tow"
15695	This beautiful apartment is situated Rue du Pont de Lodi, next to the Ile de la Cite with the Notre Dame Cathedral, and the Pont Neuf, in the Saint Germain des Prés area (6th arrondissement). On the ground floor of an elaborate building, it is on the court side, and features a real double bed, couch, equipped kitchen, and dining table. Perfect location next to the Seine River!  This fully renovated apartment of 25 square meters, or 270 sq ft, features a spacious living room with two large windows, a double bed, couch, dining table with adaptable size to a coffee table, and chairs. The sleeping area (situated in the living room) features a double bed (140x190 centimeters) and wardrobes. The fully renovated modern kitchen includes an oven, electric stove, coffee maker, and fridge. The apartment is equipped with cable TV, and internet in wi-fi. The bathroom features a shower, sink, towel heater, and toilet.  The building of high-standing, built in 1999, has a truly beautiful courtyard of 	Beautiful studio apartment located Rue du pont de Lodi, next to Pont Neuf, & Ile de la Cite in the 6th arr., in Saint Germain des Prés. Fully renovated with double bed, couch, equipped kitchen. Ground floor, on the court side This beautiful apartment is situated Rue du Pont de Lodi, next to the Ile de la Cite with the Notre Dame Cathedral, and the Pont Neuf, in the Saint Germain des Prés area (6th arrondissement). On the ground floor of an elaborate building, it is on the court side, and features a real double bed, couch, equipped kitchen, and dining table. Perfect location next to the Seine River!  This fully renovated apartment of 25 square meters, or 270 sq ft, features a spacious living room with two large windows, a double bed, couch, dining table with adaptable size to a coffee table, and chairs. The sleeping area (situated in the living room) features a double bed (140x190 centimeters) and wardrobes. The fully renovated modern kitchen includes an oven, electric stove, coffee mak
15696	Magnifique Studio de charme, refait à neuf en 2013, fenêtres sur cour, très lumineux dans un immeuble sécurisé dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris. Il se trouve au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Il est conçu pour recevoir un couple ou une personne seule. Le studio est idéalement situé, dans le vieux Paris, quartier des peintres, des écrivains et des poètes, à deux pas de St Germain des Près et de la gare Montparnasse. Vous pourrez visiter la capitale en toute tranquillité, les lignes de bus et de métro étant à proximité; la rue parallèle au studio est très commerçante, vous pourrez également faire du lèche-vitrine au Bon Marché qui est un magasin de luxe situé en bas de la rue. Les restaurants et cafés sont nombreux dans le quartier ainsi vous aurez l'occasion de goûter à la gastronomie française très facilement. Le jardin du Luxembourg est à 7 mns à pied, si vous voulez retrouver le calme et la nature après votre journée de visite à Paris. N'hésitez pas à prendre le train à la gare Montp	Magnifique Studio de charme, refait à neuf en 2013, fenêtres sur cour, très lumineux dans un immeuble sécurisé dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris. Il se trouve au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Il est conçu pour recevoir un couple ou une personne seule. Le studio est idéalement situé, dans le vieux Paris, quartier des peintres, des écrivains et des poètes, à deux pas de St Germain des Près et de la gare Montparnasse. Vous pourrez visiter la capitale en toute tranquillité, les lignes de bus et de métro étant à proximité; la rue parallèle au studio est très commerçante, vous pourrez également faire du lèche-vitrine au Bon Marché qui est un magasin de luxe situé en bas de la rue. Les restaurants et cafés sont nombreux dans le quartier ainsi vous aurez l'occasion de goûter à la gastronomie française très facilement. Le jardin du Luxembourg est à 7 mns à pied, si vous voulez retrouver le calme et la nature après votre journée de visite à Paris. N'hésitez pas à prendre le train à la gare Montp
15697	"L'appartement est composé de 2 pièces et d'une salle d'eau. Il est situé au calme au 4ème étage d'un immeuble très parisien (cour pavée, ateliers d'artistes). La 1ère pièce est composée d'une cuisine équipée avec plaque de cuisson vitre céramique, frigidaire, congélateur, four à micro-onde et machine à laver le linge. La seconde pièce est équipée d'un canapé lit ""couchage permanent"" très confortable, d'une méridienne pour vous relaxer après une journée de marche dans Paris, de placards pour ranger vos affaires, d'un téléviseur cablé et d'une connexion wifi. Toutes le pièces possèdent des fenêtres."	"Charmant 2 pièces parisien de 30 m2 (parquet, cheminée) très calme et vue dégagée sur parc, situé en plein coeur du quartier des artistes à Montparnasse proche du jardin du Luxembourg. Très facilement accessible des aéroports (RER Port Royal) L'appartement est composé de 2 pièces et d'une salle d'eau. Il est situé au calme au 4ème étage d'un immeuble très parisien (cour pavée, ateliers d'artistes). La 1ère pièce est composée d'une cuisine équipée avec plaque de cuisson vitre céramique, frigidaire, congélateur, four à micro-onde et machine à laver le linge. La seconde pièce est équipée d'un canapé lit ""couchage permanent"" très confortable, d'une méridienne pour vous relaxer après une journée de marche dans Paris, de placards pour ranger vos affaires, d'un téléviseur cablé et d'une connexion wifi. Toutes le pièces possèdent des fenêtres. En louant cet appartement, vous disposerez de l'intégralité du logement. Si je ne suis pas présent sur place, le gardien de l'immeuble sera votre interl"
15698		2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 living room, 1 fully equipped kitchen, sleeps 4 Free wifi and internet codes, guides and information on Paris, sheets, towels, soaps and much more! You will have the apartment all to yourself during your stay. LOCATION: -METRO : Saint Placide (Line 4) - 5 – 10 minute walk to Le Bon Marché, HOTEL DES INVALIDES, Montparnasse, Luxembourg Gardens and Saint Germain-des-Prés MODERN AND SACIOUS 2 bedroom apartment in the sought after Saint Germain area. This prestigious apartment is located in a traditional Parisian residential building in the safe and bourgeois 6th arrondissement. When you step out of the apartment, you will find yourself in the heart of Paris. SAINT GERMAIN DES PRES, an area with cobbled streets and known for its famous galleries and antique shops is right on your doorstep. Why not have a coffee at the famous CAFE DE FLORE, or do a bit of shopping along Boulevard Saint Germain in the designer boutiques before visiting the fantastic MUSEE D’ORSAY. 5
15699	This studio in metro st sulpice is located in a beautiful building in the quiet and safe district VI 2 steps from St Germain des Prés where you can easily walk to all the hot spots in the area, shops, cafes & bars known; It is equipped with wifi, kitchen and sofa queen bed very comfortable and overlooks a quiet courtyard & secure.	This studio in metro st sulpice is located in a beautiful building in the quiet and safe district VI 2 steps from St Germain des Prés where you can easily walk to all the hot spots in the area, shops, cafes & bars known; It is equipped with wifi, kitchen and sofa queen bed very comfortable and overlooks a quiet courtyard & secure.
15700	Unlinke most parisian flats, this appartment has high wooden roofs, a large bathroom and a large kitchen that will make you feel relaxed as if you knew the place forever !	Cosy & high roof Close by foot: -2 subway stations (10 & 13): 200m  -Montparnasse Railway St. : 10 min  -Invalides: less than 10min -Eiffel Tower: 20-25min -Supermarkets: 3min  -Shopping malls: 10-15min (Le Bon Marché, Galeries Lafayette...) Unlinke most parisian flats, this appartment has high wooden roofs, a large bathroom and a large kitchen that will make you feel relaxed as if you knew the place forever ! Full access to the whole space Available at any time by phone If needed would be glad to come and help The 7th disctrict is one of the most chic places in Paris. The neighborhood is really calm given the flat is located in a cosy street a hundred meters far from main avenues Subway-200 m : Duroc (Line 13) or Vaneau (Line 10) Bus 200-250m: Vaneau Saint Romain (87, 70, 39) Hôpital des enfants malades (28), Duroc (92, 82) Montparnasse Railway Station: 10 minutes Walking
15701	From one step away from Jardin du Luxembourg, you will be located in the heart of Paris. The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a 19th century building.	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: next to 'JARDIN DU LUXEMBOURG', probably the coziest place in Paris. 'RIVE GAUCHE': ambiance between 'LE VIEUX PARIS' and students. Independent room in a shared flat. From one step away from Jardin du Luxembourg, you will be located in the heart of Paris. The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a 19th century building. This 60 sqm apartment offers a living room with an open kitchen, 3 bedrooms and a bathroom.  Your room is private, in a flat shared with two 27 years old guys. Access to: Living-room, Kitchen, Bathroom, wifi.. One of our flatmates should be there during your stay. Do not hesitate to ask him anything you may need ! A good restaurant, advice, visits, clarifications, towel... Anyway I will always be available by Watsapp for any request before and during your stay. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experiment ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to
15702		THIS SPACIOUS, LUXURY, FULLY-LOADED APARTMENT ACCEPTS DISCREET GUESTS ONLY - PARTYGOERS NEED NOT APPLY. A FEW METERS FROM LUXEMBOURG GARDENS, MY COZY, TASTEFUL APARTMENT BOASTS INCREDIBLE LIGHT AND SPACE ON A MAGICAL BLOCK IN THE HEART OF THE 6th.
15703	Your home is sophisticated with its neutral tones punctuated by splashes of bright colors, its sober yet elegant decoration and practical facilities. Your cozy lounge with TV and dining table has access to the well equipped kitchen while your two bedrooms are large and comfortable with double beds. To maximize your comfort, you have 2 bathrooms with showers. Waste no more time before heading out to discover the City of Light!	i Your home is sophisticated with its neutral tones punctuated by splashes of bright colors, its sober yet elegant decoration and practical facilities. Your cozy lounge with TV and dining table has access to the well equipped kitchen while your two bedrooms are large and comfortable with double beds. To maximize your comfort, you have 2 bathrooms with showers. Waste no more time before heading out to discover the City of Light!
15704	Great apt in Saint Germain – quartier latin’s heart, just steps to the Seine River.  Our apt (40m2) is 4 floors upstairs in an elegant 17th century building, with concierge, fully overlooking a lovely courtyard. It does not have an elevator. Please take note if you have trouble walking upstairs. The apartment has a separate bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom. The bedroom has a queen-sized bed (160x200), portable air conditioner, and plenty of pillows.  The living room has a large sofa, dining table, air cleaner, and 40” television with media center  We have a full kitchen with blender, kettle, coffee maker, microwave, oven, and high quality furniture. We provide pillows, sheets and blankets. We also have plenty of tour books, tourist and local info, restaurant guides and a subway map to help you get around. We even have a sewing kit.	Lovely Apt, just steps from the Seine River, In Saint-Germain-des-Près. Great apt in Saint Germain – quartier latin’s heart, just steps to the Seine River.  Our apt (40m2) is 4 floors upstairs in an elegant 17th century building, with concierge, fully overlooking a lovely courtyard. It does not have an elevator. Please take note if you have trouble walking upstairs. The apartment has a separate bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom. The bedroom has a queen-sized bed (160x200), portable air conditioner, and plenty of pillows.  The living room has a large sofa, dining table, air cleaner, and 40” television with media center  We have a full kitchen with blender, kettle, coffee maker, microwave, oven, and high quality furniture. We provide pillows, sheets and blankets. We also have plenty of tour books, tourist and local info, restaurant guides and a subway map to help you get around. We even have a sewing kit. Minutes to several world class museums, restaurants and shops. You're lite
15705	Petit studio bien aménagé, très calme, donnant sur une cour intérieur pleine de végétation et ensoleillée. Le lit en mezzanine permet de profiter d'un espace de vie agréable dans le salon. Des espaces de rangements pour vêtements, valises et autres, sont disponibles sous la banquette. En outre, plus de 150 DVDs (toute ma collection!) sont mis à votre disposition.	Petit studio de 15 m2 dans le 6 ème arrondissement avec une cour et des voisins charmants. Dans un quartier très sympas entre le jardin du Luxembourg et Montparnasse. Avec un lit double et une banquette qui peut servir de 3 ème place pour un enfant. Petit studio bien aménagé, très calme, donnant sur une cour intérieur pleine de végétation et ensoleillée. Le lit en mezzanine permet de profiter d'un espace de vie agréable dans le salon. Des espaces de rangements pour vêtements, valises et autres, sont disponibles sous la banquette. En outre, plus de 150 DVDs (toute ma collection!) sont mis à votre disposition. Vous avez accès à la totalité du logement. Je ne serai malheureusement pas à Paris durant cette période-là ; cependant, ma mère et ma soeur seront présentes, et sont disponibles à tout moment, outre le check-in et le check-out, pour répondre à vos questions, et vous aider à passer le meilleur séjour possible. Le Vie arrondissement est un quartier historiquement très important pour 
15706	The apartment is 40m² (approx. 400sqft) and it is very well located, in the heart of St Germain des Pres area.  Recently refurbished, you will love its chic style with two high windows will give you a wonderful view on the bistros and traditional bakeries of Paris. You can take advantage of its location to go walking to most of the touristic attractions such as The Louvre Museum, Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Orsay Museum... You can go running in the Jardin de Luxembourg parc if you like sport.	Located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, the apartment is perfect for a short stay in Paris for people.  Very nicely decorated, you will became a true Parisian thanks to the typical restaurants, bakeries around the flat at walking distance. The apartment is 40m² (approx. 400sqft) and it is very well located, in the heart of St Germain des Pres area.  Recently refurbished, you will love its chic style with two high windows will give you a wonderful view on the bistros and traditional bakeries of Paris. You can take advantage of its location to go walking to most of the touristic attractions such as The Louvre Museum, Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Orsay Museum... You can go running in the Jardin de Luxembourg parc if you like sport. We interact a lot with our guest, putting great emphasis on their stay in. The neighborhood is very safe and really represent the French atmosphere.  Have your petit-dejeuner at the mythic Cafe de Flore! Your tea time at Mariages Freres salon or just relax
15707	After coming up on 2nd floor in a nice and original stair case, one enters into an entrance decorated with bookshelves.  To the left of the entrance there is a small third bedroom with nice wooden single bed. It can sleep an adult or a child. Front is the large living room area, on the left of which one can enter the 2nd bedroom and its bathroom.  Right is the master bedroom and its bathroom.  •The living room bathes in natural light. it comes from 4 long windows which also offer a view over the place Saint André des Arts. The living room is equipped with French style furniture and a fireplace which adds warmth to the apartment. The dining area offers a wooden table which can comfortably seat 7 people. The sofa is convertible and makes a comfortable bed for 2. •The kitchen is open on the living room. It is spacious, fully equipped with new equipment, offers a nice working plan. •The master bedroom is very large for Parisian standards. It offers 2 large windows and has its own bathroom.	Fully renovated and spacious apt with typical antique Fr. furniture. Rare: 3 bdr + 2 bathrooms with 2 toilets (+ a sofa bed in the living room ). A perfect location next to Saint-Michel, la Seine, Notre-Dame and the Metro.  Excellent for a family. After coming up on 2nd floor in a nice and original stair case, one enters into an entrance decorated with bookshelves.  To the left of the entrance there is a small third bedroom with nice wooden single bed. It can sleep an adult or a child. Front is the large living room area, on the left of which one can enter the 2nd bedroom and its bathroom.  Right is the master bedroom and its bathroom.  •The living room bathes in natural light. it comes from 4 long windows which also offer a view over the place Saint André des Arts. The living room is equipped with French style furniture and a fireplace which adds warmth to the apartment. The dining area offers a wooden table which can comfortably seat 7 people. The sofa is convertible and makes a comf
15708		Nice studio in front of the most beautiful garden of Paris. It has a real bed plus a sofa that converts into a bed. Second floor of a recent building. The studio is very comfortable and light Walking distance to Montparnasse, Saint Michel...
15709	Notre studio rassemble des avantages difficiles à concilier à Paris : il est grand, très calme, avec une vue sur un vraie jardin et une petite terrasse où l'on peut prendre ses repas en été, remarquablement situé (à deux pas du Jardin du Luxembourg et tout proche du Quartier Latin), très bien équipé, dans un immeuble de standing, avec digicode, interphone et gardien 24h/24.  L'accès depuis les aéroports et gares est très facile.  La visite de Paris peut s'organiser très aisément à partir de ce point central.  	Notre studio rassemble des avantages difficiles à concilier à Paris : il est grand, très calme, avec une vue sur un vraie jardin et une petite terrasse où l'on peut prendre ses repas en été, remarquablement situé (à deux pas du Jardin du Luxembourg et tout proche du Quartier Latin), très bien équipé, dans un immeuble de standing, avec digicode, interphone et gardien 24h/24.  L'accès depuis les aéroports et gares est très facile.  La visite de Paris peut s'organiser très aisément à partir de ce point central.  Vous disposerez de tout le confort pour votre séjour à Paris, puisque le studio qui est notre résidence principale est prévue pour la vie à deux.  Il possède : * une grande salle de bains (avec une véritable baignoire et une douche) * une machine lave et sèche-linge,  * une machine à laver la vaisselle ultra-silencieuse (38 dB),  * un grand réfrigérateur-congélateur,  * une cuisinière vitrocéramique,  * un four électrique,  * un four à micro-ondes,  * un grille-pain  * une bouillo
15710	This 2 bedroom apartment of 86 square meters (approximately 926 square feet) is situated on rue de Rennes in the heart of Paris, very close to Saint Germain des Pres, the place Saint Placide and the Luxembourg garden. It is composed of 1 living room / dining room, 1 fully equipped separated kitchen, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. In a stately building (3rd floor with elevator), it offers luxury services to receive 4 people. The nearest metro is Rennes. 	In the very heart of Paris, this pretty apartment is perfect for a leisure trip. This 2 bedroom apartment of 86 square meters (approximately 926 square feet) is situated on rue de Rennes in the heart of Paris, very close to Saint Germain des Pres, the place Saint Placide and the Luxembourg garden. It is composed of 1 living room / dining room, 1 fully equipped separated kitchen, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. In a stately building (3rd floor with elevator), it offers luxury services to receive 4 people. The nearest metro is Rennes. If you arrive early or leave late you can store your luggage in an automatic locker located nearby : City Locker (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Le Marais, Hôtel de Ville, Châtelet, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Opéra, Madeleine, Saint Lazare) Si vous devez arriver plus tôt ou partir plus tard vous pouvez déposer vos bagages dans une consigne à proximité : City Locker (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Le Marais, Hôtel de Ville, Châtelet, Saint Germain, Sai
15711		In a quite neighborhood, 10 min by walk from Notre Dame,
15712	Il est situé au centre de l'animation du quartier touristique  et dynamique de Saint-andré-des Arts tout en étant un peu plus en retrait puisqu'il donne sur la rue Git le Coeur, en face d'un bel immeuble et d'un hôtel . Il est lumineux et très fonctionnel avec une cuisine séparée , une belle salle de douche , une entrée et un  lit pour deux personnes, de nombreux rangements. Vous profiterez du charme de la vie nocturne parisienne avec les cafés et les bars à proximité. Vous aurez de quoi cuisiner mais vous pouvez décider de ne pas le faire car il y a plein de petits restaurants sympas et snacks  pas chers aux alentours. Un logement idéal pour de vraies vacances sans stress.	Joli studio refait à neuf dans immeuble avec ascenseur, très belle vue  sur la rue Git le coeur.  Vous serez au centre de l'animation et du dynamisme du quartier touristique tout en étant un peu en retrait.Idéal pour aller à la découverte de Paris à pied. Il est situé au centre de l'animation du quartier touristique  et dynamique de Saint-andré-des Arts tout en étant un peu plus en retrait puisqu'il donne sur la rue Git le Coeur, en face d'un bel immeuble et d'un hôtel . Il est lumineux et très fonctionnel avec une cuisine séparée , une belle salle de douche , une entrée et un  lit pour deux personnes, de nombreux rangements. Vous profiterez du charme de la vie nocturne parisienne avec les cafés et les bars à proximité. Vous aurez de quoi cuisiner mais vous pouvez décider de ne pas le faire car il y a plein de petits restaurants sympas et snacks  pas chers aux alentours. Un logement idéal pour de vraies vacances sans stress. Le studio est au coeur de Paris, très central et très pratiqu
15713	The flat is located in the Sixth District of Paris in an 18th century building on the Seine which has been completely restored. The building was originally a private family mansion. Even today it is maintained in much the same manner by my family and the only two other couples who share the building. This arrangement makes the building very quiet and private. allowing antiques and engraving to line the circular stairway. My flat is located on the third floor. There are approximately 70 steps with three landings spiraling up from the court yard with antiques and engraving lining the circular stairwell.  There is no elevator. There are 90 square meters of living space featuring two bedrooms, a comfortable bathroom, a large living and dining area and a modern, fully equipped kitchen. All the windows in the flat have a view of St. Chapelle, but just off the  living room is a writing desk with a view of the Palais de Justice and St. Chapelle looking out across the Seine.  The flat is sunny 	The flat is located in the Sixth District of Paris in an 18th century building on the Seine which has been completely restored. The building was originally a private family mansion. Even today it is maintained in much the same manner by my family and the only two other couples who share the building. This arrangement makes the building very quiet and private. allowing antiques and engraving to line the circular stairway. My flat is located on the third floor. There are approximately 70 steps with three landings spiraling up from the court yard with antiques and engraving lining the circular stairwell.  There is no elevator. There are 90 square meters of living space featuring two bedrooms, a comfortable bathroom, a large living and dining area and a modern, fully equipped kitchen. All the windows in the flat have a view of St. Chapelle, but just off the  living room is a writing desk with a view of the Palais de Justice and St. Chapelle looking out across the Seine.  The flat is sunny 
15714	This charming one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in Saint Germain des Prés, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on Cour du Commerce-Saint-André, a paved passageway open in the 18th century on jeu de paume rooms. The flat is on the 1st floor without an elevator. It features a comfortable living room with a convertible sofa, and a separate bedroom with views on the antique paved street. It can accommodate 4 guests. Enjoy your stay in a truly Historical place!  This apartment of 35 square meters, or 376 square feet, includes a cosy living room with a convertible sofa  that opens into a queen size bed (180x200), a chest of drawers, a coffee table, a dining area with movable table and chairs for four.  old beams on the ceiling (1m80). The kitchen is open on the dining area and is fully equipped with induction cook tops, oven, dishwasher, fridge, coffee maker, microwave and boiler. Old beams on the ceiling (1m80) and wooden floor add to the charm of this flat. From the window, 	This charming one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in Saint Germain des Prés, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on Cour du Commerce-Saint-André, a paved passageway open in the 18th century on jeu de paume rooms. The flat is on the 1st floor without an elevator. It features a comfortable living room with a convertible sofa, and a separate bedroom with views on the antique paved street. It can accommodate 4 guests. Enjoy your stay in a truly Historical place! This charming one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in Saint Germain des Prés, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on Cour du Commerce-Saint-André, a paved passageway open in the 18th century on jeu de paume rooms. The flat is on the 1st floor without an elevator. It features a comfortable living room with a convertible sofa, and a separate bedroom with views on the antique paved street. It can accommodate 4 guests. Enjoy your stay in a truly Historical place!  This apartment of 35 square meters, or 376 squa
15715	Going south, just off of the rue du Cherche-Midi and one street beyond the Boulevard Raspail market area, there is a short but beautiful street named the rue du Regard. There are more ‘Hôtels Particuliers’, or magnificent former private residences here than on most streets in Paris, even though the street itself is a short one that connects the rue du Cherche-Midi to the rue de Rennes.    This fully furnished, 1 bedroom, 1 bath apartment is located in an early 19th century building that overlooks one of the great 18th century Parisian courtyards that were part and parcel of the aristocratic lifestyle of the period. When Haussmann put in the boulevards, the city of Paris confiscated the former gardens of these private palaces and built the boulevard Raspail along the backside. The main facades of these aristocratic dwellings, however, remain intact, as they give out onto the rue du Regard. Living on a street with a rich historical past can only enhance your daily experience of living li	This cozy, light filled 1 bedroom/1 bath apartment is nestled in the heart of the St Germain des Pres area, on a quite side street, but steps away from all of the best of Paris! Going south, just off of the rue du Cherche-Midi and one street beyond the Boulevard Raspail market area, there is a short but beautiful street named the rue du Regard. There are more ‘Hôtels Particuliers’, or magnificent former private residences here than on most streets in Paris, even though the street itself is a short one that connects the rue du Cherche-Midi to the rue de Rennes.    This fully furnished, 1 bedroom, 1 bath apartment is located in an early 19th century building that overlooks one of the great 18th century Parisian courtyards that were part and parcel of the aristocratic lifestyle of the period. When Haussmann put in the boulevards, the city of Paris confiscated the former gardens of these private palaces and built the boulevard Raspail along the backside. The main facades of these aristocra
15716	 THE APARTMENT IS AIR CONDITIONNED AND EQUIPPED WITH A COMPUTER A PRINTER AND FREE INTERNET ACCES Bordering the Seine River and just beside Notre Dame Cathedral, this exceptional location in the heart of the Quartier Latin is extremely popular. It is one of the most youthful areas of Paris and also encompasses historical points of interest; for example it has been the center of Parisian education since the Middle Ages. In the nearby pedestrian streets there are many diverse restaurants and cafes, clothing boutiques, bookstores…other services are found along the Boulevard Saint Michel, where the Sorbonne is located, and in the neighboring famous Boulevard Saint Germain.  It is a pleasant walk to many famous destinations such as Notre Dame,The Louvre, Centre Pompidou,Saint-Sulplice Church, Jardin du Luxembourg, Musée D'Orsay,Invalides,Concorde,Madeleine,Grand-Palais, Champs-Elysées and of course the walking paths alway Seine River going toward Jardin des Plants and the Natural Museum and	The luxury apartment full of charm and character is located 15 RUE SEGUIER,second floor in a mostly pedestrian street in the very calm and picturesque select Saint Germain des Près quarter, one of the most attractive and historic districts 
15717	Studio pour 4 personnes, refait à neuf et décoration par architecte d’intérieur, tout le charme de l’authentique au 2ème étage dans un immeuble très calme typique de ce quartier. Le studio de 24 m2, pratique et lumineux, est composé d'une Kichenette  toute équipée (four micro onde, grill, plaque chauffante électrique, machine a café Nespresso), un salon/salle à manger avec  une table et avec vrai canapé lit 2 personnes. le lit en mezzanine, pour 2 personnes au calme complet. Tout confort avec télévision et WIFI a disposition. Salle de bain avec grande douche  et vasque & WC,  lave-linge séchant. Le meilleur accueil vous sera réservé, n'hésitez pas à nous demander les meilleures adresses pour passer un séjour formidable à Paris. Studio renovated and decorated by interior designer, all the charm of authentic 2nd floor in a quiet building typical of this area.  Studio 24 m2, practical and light, is composed of a fully equipped Kichenette (microwave, grill, electric hob, Nespresso coffee m	Studio pour 4 personnes, refait à neuf et décoration par architecte d’intérieur, tout le charme de l’authentique au 2ème étage dans un immeuble très calme typique de ce quartier. Le studio de 24 m2, pratique et lumineux, est composé d'une Kichenette  toute équipée (four micro onde, grill, plaque chauffante électrique, machine a café Nespresso), un salon/salle à manger avec  une table et avec vrai canapé lit 2 personnes. le lit en mezzanine, pour 2 personnes au calme complet. Tout confort avec télévision et WIFI a disposition. Salle de bain avec grande douche  et vasque & WC,  lave-linge séchant. Le meilleur accueil vous sera réservé, n'hésitez pas à nous demander les meilleures adresses pour passer un séjour formidable à Paris. Studio renovated and decorated by interior designer, all the charm of authentic 2nd floor in a quiet building typical of this area.  Studio 24 m2, practical and light, is composed of a fully equipped Kichenette (microwave, grill, electric hob, Nespresso coffee m
15718	" Calme car il donne sur une cour avec un jardin et des arbres.Son emplacement car très bien situé et très bien desservi. il y a deux télévisions,une à chaque étage. A précisé que comme son nom l'indique (duplex en open space ""ce qui donne du charme à cet appartement"")il n'y a pas de cloison entre la chambre et la salle de bain à part bien entendu pour les toilettes ou il y a une porte.Une cuisine américaine donne sur le salon. Évidemment un escalier en colimaçon sépare la pièce du bas avec la chambre salle de bain qui est à l'étage. "	"Superbe duplex 72m2, ""open space"", ancien atelier d'artiste. Situé entre saint-Germain-des-Prés-Montparnasse et Sèvre-Babylone (Bon marché,...), et à 1 minutes à pieds du célèbre jardin du Luxembourg! Appartement très bien équipé!  Calme car il donne sur une cour avec un jardin et des arbres.Son emplacement car très bien situé et très bien desservi. il y a deux télévisions,une à chaque étage. A précisé que comme son nom l'indique (duplex en open space ""ce qui donne du charme à cet appartement"")il n'y a pas de cloison entre la chambre et la salle de bain à part bien entendu pour les toilettes ou il y a une porte.Une cuisine américaine donne sur le salon. Évidemment un escalier en colimaçon sépare la pièce du bas avec la chambre salle de bain qui est à l'étage. "
15719	This apartment of 58 sq meters, or 624 sq ft, features a large and luminous living room with two windows, a dining table, a TV set (with free wi-fi), and a convertible sofa (size: 130 cm x 190 cm) that can accommodate one adult or two children. The high ceiling (three meters high), elegant decoration, and wooden floor will make you feel at home. The kitchen is separate and includes a window, fridge, microwave, washer/dryer, dishwasher, gas stove, oven, coffee maker, and toaster.  The first bedroom features a queen size bed (160 cm x 200 cm), two large windows, and an office area that you can use. The second bedroom, situated on the other side of the apartment, includes a window and a trundle bed that opens into two twin size beds (90 cm x 190 cm). The bathroom features a sink and a tub with a shower head and shower hose. The toilet is separate from the bathroom.  The apartment is on the 2nd floor without an elevator of a building dating from 1800 with a charming inside court. It is per	This elegant two bedrooms apartment is perfectly located in Saint Germain des Prés, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on rue de Seine, next to the famous Place Furstemberg, Rue Jacob, and Rue de Buci. The apartment is on the 2nd floor (3rd Am This apartment of 58 sq meters, or 624 sq ft, features a large and luminous living room with two windows, a dining table, a TV set (with free wi-fi), and a convertible sofa (size: 130 cm x 190 cm) that can accommodate one adult or two children. The high ceiling (three meters high), elegant decoration, and wooden floor will make you feel at home. The kitchen is separate and includes a window, fridge, microwave, washer/dryer, dishwasher, gas stove, oven, coffee maker, and toaster.  The first bedroom features a queen size bed (160 cm x 200 cm), two large windows, and an office area that you can use. The second bedroom, situated on the other side of the apartment, includes a window and a trundle bed that opens into two twin size beds (90 cm x 
15720	A so authentic pied à terre, with beams, in one of the most famous streets of Paris and the so elegant area between St Sulpice and St Germain.  Very near, all the sites to visit in Paris. This studio has all to make you feel happy.  It is a soft place for two ideally or three, in a very exciting and rich area.  There are two beds, and thus a choice to rest.  The kitchen is very well equipped, including a washer dryer and a small dishwasher! 	A great spot in the most charming and lovely part of the capital.  Authentic beams and modern equipment.  2 mns from St Germain des Prés, walking distance to Le Louvre and Notre Dame. And all possible cafés and restaurants around. A so authentic pied à terre, with beams, in one of the most famous streets of Paris and the so elegant area between St Sulpice and St Germain.  Very near, all the sites to visit in Paris. This studio has all to make you feel happy.  It is a soft place for two ideally or three, in a very exciting and rich area.  There are two beds, and thus a choice to rest.  The kitchen is very well equipped, including a washer dryer and a small dishwasher!  All equipment (from dishwasher to wi fi and cable TV). A very pleasant bathroom, air conditioning. Also, a hairdryer, towels and linens.  contact by mails, text, tel.  To all you can dream of in Paris ! all the sites, the best and most charming area, the wonderful Luxembourg Garden very near, St Germain des Prés and the h
15721	Charming appartment, 115sqm. Duplex. Double exposure. 2 bathrooms. Idéal for families. Located at 200 m from the Jardin du Luxembourg, next to Montparnasse and its movie theaters,it's a perfect address for discovering Paris.	Charming appartment, 115sqm. Duplex. Double exposure. 2 bathrooms. Idéal for families. Located at 200 m from the Jardin du Luxembourg, next to Montparnasse and its movie theaters,it's a perfect address for discovering Paris.
15722	Découvrez Paris depuis ce magnifique quartier au coeur de la capitale Magnifique 2 pièces 40 m2 au calme proche du Bon Marché et de Saint Germain des Prés grande chambre avec grand lit - salon avec canapé convertible 2 places - cuisine équipée lave sèche linge, four, frigo congélateur - salle de bain et wc indépendant - nombreux placards - TV LCD et internet WIFI fibre Sécurité absolue avec digicode à l'entrée Seulement 10 minutes à pieds et vous serez à la Cathédrale de Notre Dame, au musé d’Orsay ou Rodin . Le quartier est riche en restaurants et en galeries d’art. Pour le shopping toutes les boutiques de luxe sont présentes notamment au Bon Marché Plusieurs stations de bus, métro et RER se situent à moins de 2 minutes à pied de l’appartement, le RER B vous permet de vous rendre aux 2 aéroports (Roissy et Orly). Saint Germain des prés : quartier très animé le soir 	Découvrez Paris depuis ce magnifique quartier au coeur de la capitale Magnifique 2 pièces 40 m2 au calme proche du Bon Marché et de Saint Germain des Prés grande chambre avec grand lit - salon avec canapé convertible 2 places - cuisine équipée lave sèche linge, four, frigo congélateur - salle de bain et wc indépendant - nombreux placards - TV LCD et internet WIFI fibre Sécurité absolue avec digicode à l'entrée Seulement 10 minutes à pieds et vous serez à la Cathédrale de Notre Dame, au musé d’Orsay ou Rodin . Le quartier est riche en restaurants et en galeries d’art. Pour le shopping toutes les boutiques de luxe sont présentes notamment au Bon Marché Plusieurs stations de bus, métro et RER se situent à moins de 2 minutes à pied de l’appartement, le RER B vous permet de vous rendre aux 2 aéroports (Roissy et Orly). Saint Germain des prés : quartier très animé le soir  depuis orly : orlyval puis prendre le RER direction denfert rochereau puis métro ligne 4 sortie saint placide (l'apparte
15723	Very Nice flat in the heart of St Germain des Prés (4 Rue du Dragon).  30 sqm, 2 guests.  6th floor without elevator, bedroom, living room and fully equipped kitchen. TVC LCD, home theater and wifi Located in the heart ofStSaintGermain des Prés. Near the National Assembly,the street of Sevres and Saint Germain desclosely, you'll be 5 minuteswalk from the Bon Marché department store ancestor and 10minutes from the Invalides and the Musée d'Orsay.  SaintGermaindes Présis one of the trendiest districtsin Paris known for its fashionable shopsas well as art galleries.  The apartmentis close to many transport. Many tradersare close to the apartment : Bakery, Butchery,Open air market, theater, restaurant, cafes, ...  You will be charmed by the hectic life that prevails there. Enjoy the many cafes and restaurants, cultural events and film. The area is also known for its many shops ready-to-wear and gourmet shops. You will also be within walking distance of theSeine and the Ile de la Cité(Saint	Very Nice flat in the heart of St Germain des Prés (4 Rue du Dragon).  30 sqm, 2 guests.  6th floor without elevator, bedroom, living room and fully equipped kitchen. Very Nice flat in the heart of St Germain des Prés (4 Rue du Dragon).  30 sqm, 2 guests.  6th floor without elevator, bedroom, living room and fully equipped kitchen. TVC LCD, home theater and wifi Located in the heart ofStSaintGermain des Prés. Near the National Assembly,the street of Sevres and Saint Germain desclosely, you'll be 5 minuteswalk from the Bon Marché department store ancestor and 10minutes from the Invalides and the Musée d'Orsay.  SaintGermaindes Présis one of the trendiest districtsin Paris known for its fashionable shopsas well as art galleries.  The apartmentis close to many transport. Many tradersare close to the apartment : Bakery, Butchery,Open air market, theater, restaurant, cafes, ...  You will be charmed by the hectic life that prevails there. Enjoy the many cafes and restaurants, cultural events
15724		Chambre individuelle et meublée sous les toits de Paris au plein centre à 2 min de St Germain des Prés avec coin cuisine et douche.
15725	Very bright, quiet and comfortable apartment : Lift, code on main entrance, Beautiful furniture, Individual heating system, fan Large main room, Still bedroom on the courtyard, queen size bed, New bed, mattress and bed lining, Bathroom equipped with a bath, hair dryer, towels, Separate toilets with a sink, Independent kitchen equipped with fridge, microwave oven, coffee machine, filter tea pot, kettle, toaster, pans and pots, juicer, Washing machine and dryer, ironing table and steam iron,  Large flat screen TV, Free unlimited Wifi, Desk and Wifi printer, Bluetooth Bose sound system, Very detailed instructions. 	"Right in the center of Saint-Germain-des-Prés this apartment nested in a typical 19th century smart building is furnished ""Parisian style"". It is very bright and comfortable for two demanding persons. The area is lively, safe, even late at night. Very bright, quiet and comfortable apartment : Lift, code on main entrance, Beautiful furniture, Individual heating system, fan Large main room, Still bedroom on the courtyard, queen size bed, New bed, mattress and bed lining, Bathroom equipped with a bath, hair dryer, towels, Separate toilets with a sink, Independent kitchen equipped with fridge, microwave oven, coffee machine, filter tea pot, kettle, toaster, pans and pots, juicer, Washing machine and dryer, ironing table and steam iron,  Large flat screen TV, Free unlimited Wifi, Desk and Wifi printer, Bluetooth Bose sound system, Very detailed instructions. Permanent telephone or internet contact. They are many cafes with terraces, theaters, art galleries and restaurants, and ""La Grande Ep"
15726	Experience the real Parisian Life under the roofs with this big charming studio, very calm and luminous. Perfect location in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés (6th), at a walking distance from most of the point of interests of the left bank. The apartment is on the highest floor of a very nice historical building. It has a beautiful view on the courtyard, the roofs, the Montparnasse tower and also the Eiffel tower. It is very calm and sunny.  It is a typical “under the roofs” apartment, a merge of what was in the past two maid’s rooms. It has a living room with a couch and two armchairs, and bedroom with a queen bed, and a bar separating the two, on which you can have a glass of wine or take lunch. The kitchen and the bathroom are separated. It also has a large dressing for clothes and luggage.  High speed internet (wifi) is provided free of charge. This apartment is the ideal place to stay when exploring the wonders of Paris. It is located in the 6th district “Saint Germain-des-Prés	Experience the real Parisian Life under the roofs with this big charming studio, very calm and luminous. Perfect location in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés (6th), at a walking distance from most of the point of interests of the left bank. Experience the real Parisian Life under the roofs with this big charming studio, very calm and luminous. Perfect location in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés (6th), at a walking distance from most of the point of interests of the left bank. The apartment is on the highest floor of a very nice historical building. It has a beautiful view on the courtyard, the roofs, the Montparnasse tower and also the Eiffel tower. It is very calm and sunny.  It is a typical “under the roofs” apartment, a merge of what was in the past two maid’s rooms. It has a living room with a couch and two armchairs, and bedroom with a queen bed, and a bar separating the two, on which you can have a glass of wine or take lunch. The kitchen and the bathroom are separated. It
15727	Appartement de 40m2.  Salon/Chambre, cuisine et salle de bain. Inclus : linge de salle de bain, linge de lit, produits de première nécessité, wifi haut débit. Résidence sécurisée. Très calme, pas de bruit. Idéal famille / groupe d'amis. La pièce principale fait 25m2 se compose : - d'un canapé lit (2 personnes) et d'une déserte supplémentaire composée de deux lits une personne. L'appartement peut recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes. - d'une table ronde amovible afin de pouvoir y déjeuner/diner à votre aise.  - d'une cheminée, commode art deco, des cadres, vases, lampes, bureau et bibliothèque font de cet espace un lieu agréable. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, lave linge, frigo, accessoires et ustensiles de cuisine à disposition. Un espace permet également de pouvoir déjeuner/diner directement dans la cuisine. La salle de bain possède une baignoire, un cabinet de toilette et les sanitaires. Pour les séjours supérieur à 10 nuits : - accès à un espace de rangement supplémenta	Apt calme dans Saint-Germain-des-Prés face à l'île Saint-Louis, reçoit jusqu'à 4 personnes. Grande pièce à vivre, cuisine et salle de bain. Très bien desservi par le métro. A proximité des musées. Appartement de 40m2.  Salon/Chambre, cuisine et salle de bain. Inclus : linge de salle de bain, linge de lit, produits de première nécessité, wifi haut débit. Résidence sécurisée. Très calme, pas de bruit. Idéal famille / groupe d'amis. La pièce principale fait 25m2 se compose : - d'un canapé lit (2 personnes) et d'une déserte supplémentaire composée de deux lits une personne. L'appartement peut recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes. - d'une table ronde amovible afin de pouvoir y déjeuner/diner à votre aise.  - d'une cheminée, commode art deco, des cadres, vases, lampes, bureau et bibliothèque font de cet espace un lieu agréable. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, lave linge, frigo, accessoires et ustensiles de cuisine à disposition. Un espace permet également de pouvoir déjeuner/dine
15728	Loue appartement très chic et très bien situé, 6 ème arrondissement de Paris, 147 Boulevard Raspail. Idéal pour un couple (avec un jeune enfant). Appartement très agréable, très bien exposé, très fonctionnel. Esthétisme et décoration très recherché. Un grand double séjour avec salle à manger, une chambre, un bureau où l'on peut mettre un lit d'appoint, une salle de bain (baignoire), toilettes séparée et cuisine belle et fonctionnelle toute équipée (machines à laver, four, micro-ondes, machine à expresso, plaques céramiques). Appartement très bien équipé: chaîne Hifi, internet, télévision (2), lecteur DVD. Possibilité de recevoir des amis et de se faire un bon diner. Appartement parfait pour toute personne désirant un séjour exceptionnel à Paris dans un cadre et un confort de luxe. Cet appartement offre une vue à 180° imprenable sur le carrefour Vavin.  Appartement situé au 1er étage, avec ascenseur. Transports en commun à proximité bus, gare Montparnasse, lignes de métro et RER. Quarti	Loue appartement très chic et très bien situé, 6 ème arrondissement de Paris, 147 Boulevard Raspail. Idéal pour un couple (avec un jeune enfant). Appartement très agréable, très bien exposé, très fonctionnel. Esthétisme et décoration très recherché. Un grand double séjour avec salle à manger, une chambre, un bureau où l'on peut mettre un lit d'appoint, une salle de bain (baignoire), toilettes séparée et cuisine belle et fonctionnelle toute équipée (machines à laver, four, micro-ondes, machine à expresso, plaques céramiques). Appartement très bien équipé: chaîne Hifi, internet, télévision (2), lecteur DVD. Possibilité de recevoir des amis et de se faire un bon diner. Appartement parfait pour toute personne désirant un séjour exceptionnel à Paris dans un cadre et un confort de luxe. Cet appartement offre une vue à 180° imprenable sur le carrefour Vavin.  Appartement situé au 1er étage, avec ascenseur. Transports en commun à proximité bus, gare Montparnasse, lignes de métro et RER. Quarti
15729	Family flat with all parisian charm, near Observatoire and Luxembourg gardens. Quiet and green area of Paris 6th arrondissement. Near the 5th Arrondissement.	Flat in 19th century building, near Luxembourg and Observatoire gardens with large living room on courtyard with trees, 3 bedrooms, equipped kitchen, 2 bathrooms. Very quiet and at the heart of paris. Near RER B (CDG airport) and gare Montparnasse Family flat with all parisian charm, near Observatoire and Luxembourg gardens. Quiet and green area of Paris 6th arrondissement. Near the 5th Arrondissement. Many areas to visits : Musée du Sénat, Musée Zadkine, quartier Saint-Germain, église Saint Sulpice, etc.), the gardens are very relaxing, and very good boulangerie near our house! Near RER B, metro lines 4 et 6 (at Raspail), 12 (at Notre-Dame des Champs) and near Montparnasse train station Flat with 3 bedrooms : parents' bedroom with queen size bed 200x160 cm and 2 bedrooms with 2 children's bed of 70x165 cm in each
15730	Appartement de 2 pièces de 70 m² au premier étage sur rue et cour sans ascenseur dans une élégante petite rue du quartier Saint Michel pour 3 personnes. Il est composé de : - le salon : deux grands canapés, dont un couchant pour une personne, deux poufs, une table basse, un meuble TV, divers meubles, une TV HD, un DVD, une connexion WIFI/Internet haut débit, un système audio, ainsi qu'une élégante décoration et de nombreuses toiles. Le salon donne sur la rue et sur une belle cour. double exposition, beaucoup de lumière.  - la cuisine : elle est équipée d’un four micro-ondes, un four, d'une plaque de cuisson, réfrigérateur, hotte, cafetière, théière, lave-linge séchant, et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner.  l'espace dinatoire avec une table et quatre chaises, ouvert sur le salon.  - la chambre : donne sur une petite rue avec peu de circulation, et est équipée d’un lit 160cm 2 places, d’une penderie, •la salle de bains : avec bains, lavabo, sèche cheveux.  - Wc séparé. Le linge de maison	70 sqm apartment, one bedroom on the first floor overlooking street and courtyard without lift in an elegant little street in the Saint Michel area for 3 people
15731	This 58m2 elegant loft was designed by an architect. The apt door is to be found on 3rd floor (French Standard) after passing through the 17th century building private courtyard and having climbed the ancient stairs.  A short widening corridor leads to the spacious living area. Ceiling is very high and the 3 tall windows bathe the room in light. The wooden floor and beams give a warm feeling. Finally, the famous comfortable black leather ”Le Corbusier” armchair and sofa, delicate Chinese antics collected by the owner give the final elegant touch.. The bedroom area is open in the living room. The comfortable double bed folds up vertically in a closet. It can be fold and unfolded with one hand. The mechanism is very well balanced.  A small corridor with a large wardrobe leads from bedroom to the bathroom. The bathroom is decorated with green tiles and has a window to receive sun light. It is equipped with a bath tub with shower. Toilets and washer are in the next room. On the right side 	Perfect location: rue du Dragon in the middle of the 6th arrondissement (metro saint Sulpice 1mn). 3 windows, tall and large bathes the apartment in light. Wooden beams and floor in a 17th century building. This 58m2 elegant loft was designed by an architect. The apt door is to be found on 3rd floor (French Standard) after passing through the 17th century building private courtyard and having climbed the ancient stairs.  A short widening corridor leads to the spacious living area. Ceiling is very high and the 3 tall windows bathe the room in light. The wooden floor and beams give a warm feeling. Finally, the famous comfortable black leather ”Le Corbusier” armchair and sofa, delicate Chinese antics collected by the owner give the final elegant touch.. The bedroom area is open in the living room. The comfortable double bed folds up vertically in a closet. It can be fold and unfolded with one hand. The mechanism is very well balanced.  A small corridor with a large wardrobe leads from bed
15732	You have to note that the studio is situated at the sixth floor without elevator. Its a bit difficult to go upstairs but it is worth it! You will fond all the commodities you need: bathrooms, sink, micro waves... You will also benefit from a fantastic view on the eiffel tower.	Studio of 18 m2, situated in the latin area, you will find a charmant place with all commodities you need
15733	Logement refait à neuf, plein de couleurs sur un fond blanc ! Pièce à vivre, petite salle de bain et cuisine fonctionnelle.	Studio lumineux et calme, au 6e étage d'un immeuble ancien donnant sur la place St André des Arts, juste derrière la place St Michel. Quartier latin, tout proche de la Seine et de Notre Dame. Orientations sud et ouest. Ascenseur jusqu'au 5e étage. Logement refait à neuf, plein de couleurs sur un fond blanc ! Pièce à vivre, petite salle de bain et cuisine fonctionnelle. Je serai ravie de répondre à vos questions ! Si je ne suis pas là, mon ami se fera un plaisir de me remplacer pour vous accueillir. Extrêmement bien desservi par les transports en commun ! Métro : lignes 4 et 10 (Saint Michel, Odéon, Cluny la Sorbonne) Bus : lignes (phone number hidden)... (Saint Michel, Odéon ou Cluny la Sorbonne) Noctilien : N13, N14, N15, N22 (facile aussi de descendre à Châtelet) RER : lignes B et C (Saint Michel - Notre Dame) A 7 minutes à pied de Châtelet (jolie petite balade en passant par les ponts et l'Ile de la Cité) Direct depuis l'aéroport Roissy - Charles de Gaulle et depuis l'aéroport d'Orl
15734	CHECK IN TIME: 13H ( 1 PM ) CHECK OUT TIME 11H ( 11 AM ) Please make a special request in advance if you need a more flexible time and we would try our best to accommodate you. My husband and I have experienced air b&b as guests and love to feel at home in another city or country. Now we're looking forward to host you!  You'll love our bright and comfy apartment located in the 6th district (6th floor with elevator) in a very peaceful and charming 19th-century building. It comfortably fits two and offers easy access to major metro and bus lines. The neighbourhood is full of life with lots of restaurants, bars, typical parisian « cafés », shops, organic markets and movie theaters. We love to go out for walks on our free time and enjoy the beautiful sights the neighborhood and his surroundings has to offers: Saint Germain des Près, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Le Louvre are all within a 20’ walk.  The Saint Sulplice Church is a 3’ walk from the studio, as is the Luxembourg garden, a great pl	CHECK IN TIME: 13H ( 1 PM ) CHECK OUT TIME 11H ( 11 AM ) Please make a special request in advance if you need a more flexible time and we would try our best to accommodate you. CHECK IN TIME: 13H ( 1 PM ) CHECK OUT TIME 11H ( 11 AM ) Please make a special request in advance if you need a more flexible time and we would try our best to accommodate you. My husband and I have experienced air b&b as guests and love to feel at home in another city or country. Now we're looking forward to host you!  You'll love our bright and comfy apartment located in the 6th district (6th floor with elevator) in a very peaceful and charming 19th-century building. It comfortably fits two and offers easy access to major metro and bus lines. The neighbourhood is full of life with lots of restaurants, bars, typical parisian « cafés », shops, organic markets and movie theaters. We love to go out for walks on our free time and enjoy the beautiful sights the neighborhood and his surroundings has to offers: Saint 
15735	"The ceiling is 3.5 meters high, making it very spacious. It is also full of light (4th floor) and very calm. Elegant and ""chic"" but also confortable and fully equipped !"	"Beautiful apartment in most elegant and authentic neighborhood of Paris, just between Saint Germain and Notre Dame Cathedral !  1 minute walk to the river, 2 min to Odéon, in a small and calm street. Ideal for two, or a little family. Try it out :-) The ceiling is 3.5 meters high, making it very spacious. It is also full of light (4th floor) and very calm. Elegant and ""chic"" but also confortable and fully equipped ! Very close to Odeon metro station (line 4 and 10) and to Saint Michel - Notre Dame RER B station. The latter has a direct connection with Orly airport (30 minutes) and Charles de Gaulle airport (45 minutes).  There are also lots of buses and a taxi station at Odeon square.  Very close to Odeon metro station (line 4 and 10) and to Saint Michel - Notre Dame RER B station. The latter has a direct connection with Orly airport (30 minutes) and Charles de Gaulle airport (45 minutes).  There are also lots of buses and a taxi station at Odeon square.  The best hot chocolate of Pari"
15736	Atypical charming little house in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres. Enjoy an exceptional area in an unusual accommodation. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the house is 40m² and can welcome comfortably 3 persons . It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with shower, toilets, vanity unit), an open  kitchen (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, washing machine, kitchen equipments,coffee machine..)  There is one living room with TV and a at the first floor, a large bedroom with a confortable double bed . The house is at the ground floor . Before a guest arrive, the house is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this house and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	"Atypical charming little house in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres. Enjoy an exceptional area in an unusual accommodation. Atypical charming little house in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres. Enjoy an exceptional area in an unusual accommodation. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the house is 40m² and can welcome comfortably 3 persons . It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with shower, toilets, vanity unit), an open  kitchen (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, washing machine, kitchen equipments,coffee machine..)  There is one living room with TV and a at the first floor, a large bedroom with a confortable double bed . The house is at the ground floor . Before a guest arrive, the house is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this house and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. The house is located in Saint Germain des Prés near the metro station ""Saint Sulpice"" on the line 4. You can easily reac"
15737	"5mn by foot to the Musee du Louvre and the Notre-Dame.Very quiet and lightfull by day. Nice restaurants near the flat,bakermen,Pubs,shopping stores. Historical street where Pablo Picasso was painting the famous ""Guernica""  Situé en plein centre de Paris. Commerces et restaurants à proximité ainsi que de nombreux Pubs et Bars aussi atypiques les uns que les autres.C'est un quartier et une rue très historique (Pablo Picasso a réalisé ""Guernica"" dans la rue des Grands Augustins). "	"Nice flat with bed upstairs,bathroom and clean towels,shampoo and bath gel at your disposition Bel appartement avec mezzanine et salle de bain idéal pour deux personnes. Il est central, dans une rue calme, et à 1 mn a pied du Pont Neuf , 5 mn du Musée du louvre 5mn by foot to the Musee du Louvre and the Notre-Dame.Very quiet and lightfull by day. Nice restaurants near the flat,bakermen,Pubs,shopping stores. Historical street where Pablo Picasso was painting the famous ""Guernica""  Situé en plein centre de Paris. Commerces et restaurants à proximité ainsi que de nombreux Pubs et Bars aussi atypiques les uns que les autres.C'est un quartier et une rue très historique (Pablo Picasso a réalisé ""Guernica"" dans la rue des Grands Augustins). Une balade de nuit au bord de la Seine bien accompagné.Prendre un verre au Caméléon dans la rue Saint André des Arts ou encore visité de jour l'église Saint Sulpice qui est une merveille. Et si vous cherchez un endroit plus classe pour amener votre moitié "
15738	"The flat is very nice and fully equipped. You can feel like at your own home, in the very center of the ""ville lumière"""	"This cozy apartment in the center of Paris is suitable for any kind of guest. The area is very cool and active, 3 minutes walking distance from the Louvre, 10 minutes from Notre Dame. The flat is very nice and fully equipped. You can feel like at your own home, in the very center of the ""ville lumière"" I will be away, but some of my friends are here to help. The area is very cool. Since the 18th century this area has been the melting pot of artists, intellectuals and writers. This is reflected in buldings and shops present in the neighborhood. Notable are the famous cafes ""Le deux Magots"" and ""Café de Flore"" and the numerous wonderful and typical patisseires of the quarter. One minute walking to St. Germain des Pres and Mabillon. Three minutes to Louvre-Rivoli and Palais Royal-Musée du Louvre."
15739	"The Luxembourg features a dining/living area, a queen-size bed, a kitchenette, and a bathroom with basin, Italian style shower and storage space. For optimum comfort, the toilet is separate.  A 20 m2 terrace, perfectly oriented, overlooks the rooftops of the neighbouring buildings where you can enjoy the sun during every season – whether it is the morning sun for breakfast or the last rays of the disappearing sun with a cocktail and a summer dinner. Appartment: 35 m2 Terrace: 20 m2 6th floor with elevator  Minimum Stay: 2 nights 2 guests Check-in : From  4.00 p.m Check-out : Before noon In our ""chambres en ville"", in the charming Paris, you will benefit from in-room services and amenities like in a hotel: Housekeeping service Bath amenities  Sheets  Towels  Bathrobes  Hairdryer Kettle  Nespresso coffee maker  Micro-wave  Fridge Free wireless Internet access  IPod/IPhone docking station  Digital Television"	"In a luxury building neighbouring the Luxembourg Gardens in the heart of the prestigious 6th arrondissement of Paris, situated between the Cartier Foundation and the Museum of Luxembourg, a few steps from Boulevard Montparnasse... The Luxembourg features a dining/living area, a queen-size bed, a kitchenette, and a bathroom with basin, Italian style shower and storage space. For optimum comfort, the toilet is separate.  A 20 m2 terrace, perfectly oriented, overlooks the rooftops of the neighbouring buildings where you can enjoy the sun during every season – whether it is the morning sun for breakfast or the last rays of the disappearing sun with a cocktail and a summer dinner. Appartment: 35 m2 Terrace: 20 m2 6th floor with elevator  Minimum Stay: 2 nights 2 guests Check-in : From  4.00 p.m Check-out : Before noon In our ""chambres en ville"", in the charming Paris, you will benefit from in-room services and amenities like in a hotel: Housekeeping service Bath amenities  Sheets  Towels  B"
15740		Located Rue des Saints-Pères, in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, a charming 50sq meters 1-bedroom apartment on the 4th floor of a quiet 18th century walk up building.
15741	2 pièces 40m2 - 6 eme et dernier étage - chambre séparée calme sur cour - Terrasse plein sud - très lumineux - cuisine équipée ( lave linge - micro onde - four ) - salle de bain avec douche	Nous vous accueillerons avec plaisir dans notre appartement. Niché au dernier étage en plein cœur du 6eme arrondissement, vous pourrez profiter, à pied, de la magie du parc du Luxembourg et du quartier Saint Germain des près. Et pour vous reposer, une terrasse baignée de soleil toute la journée. 2 pièces 40m2 - 6 eme et dernier étage - chambre séparée calme sur cour - Terrasse plein sud - très lumineux - cuisine équipée ( lave linge - micro onde - four ) - salle de bain avec douche Ensemble du logement Saint germain des près - le parc du Luxembourg pour se reposer  - rue du cherche midi et ses restaurants - le bon marché - la Rue du Bac - proximité invalides + Tour Eiffel - Odeon et sa vie nocturne - rue de Rennes et ses commerces Metro Rennes - metro Duroc - Metro Montparnasse - Metro saint placide à 5 minutes à pied
15742	Appartement en Dupleix (63 m2 au sol et 48 m2 loi carrez)au 4eme étage avec vue dégagée sur la Cathédrale Notre Dame et les toits de Paris, dans un ancien Hotel Particulier datant du 17eme siècle. Une magnifique façade végétale sur coure apporte la fraîcheur et donne son cachet à cet appartement atypique composé d'un séjour avec cuisine américaine, d'une chambre parentale, d'une chambre d'enfant et d'un bureau séparé qui peut être servir de troisième chambre à coucher. Idéal pour une famille. Cuisine équipée et accès illimité à Internet.	Dupleix - Façade végétale / Appartement calme et plein de charme en centre-ville à Saint-Germain-des-Près Appartement en Dupleix (63 m2 au sol et 48 m2 loi carrez)au 4eme étage avec vue dégagée sur la Cathédrale Notre Dame et les toits de Paris, dans un ancien Hotel Particulier datant du 17eme siècle. Une magnifique façade végétale sur coure apporte la fraîcheur et donne son cachet à cet appartement atypique composé d'un séjour avec cuisine américaine, d'une chambre parentale, d'une chambre d'enfant et d'un bureau séparé qui peut être servir de troisième chambre à coucher. Idéal pour une famille. Cuisine équipée et accès illimité à Internet. Les voyageurs pourront avoir accés à toutes les pièces de l'appartement ainsi qu'à la cour de l'immeuble. Nous serons là pour toutes les questions pratiques et conseils (sorties, restaurants, concerts)! L'appartement est situé rue Suger, dans une petite ruelle très calme entre la place Saint André des Arts et la Rue de l'Eperon, au sein d'un quarti
15743	 Appartement de 45 m2 , poutres, refait à neuf . Idéal pour un couple . Chambre silencieuse sur cour . Salle de bains avec baignoire . Cuisine séparée et aménagée .  	Appartement de charme ( poutres apparentes) , 1 chambre calme sur cour avec lit 140cm ,  grand séjour et cuisine séparée , salle de bains avec WC. Refait à neuf . 2ème étage sans ascenseur  Entre la Seine et le jardin du Luxembourg. Tous commerces  Appartement de 45 m2 , poutres, refait à neuf . Idéal pour un couple . Chambre silencieuse sur cour . Salle de bains avec baignoire . Cuisine séparée et aménagée .   L'appartement est entièrement disponible  Dans la mesure du possible , j'accueillerai les locataires . Saint Germain des Prés est l'un des plus anciens quartiers de Paris . Nombreux restaurants , bars célèbres, librairies , commerces . A deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg , du Louvre , de Notre Dame .  Appartement très  accessible .  Sur la ligne B du RER ( station Saint Michel) desservant les aéroports de Charles de Gaulle et d'Orly . Près des stations de métro Saint Michel, Odéon et Mabillon , au centre de Paris . Nombreux bus . 
15744	Studio lumineux au 3ème étage en plein cœur de Saint germain des Près au centre de Paris. Son balcon de 8m2 fait la différence par rapport aux autres studios du quartier.  Idéalement situé pour les personnes qui veulent se promener au Jardin du Luxembourg situé au bout de la rue,  ou encore s’attarder dans les cafés du quartier latin. Pour les amoureux des visites culturelles Notre-Dame, le Louvre et sa Pyramide, la Sorbonne, le Panthéon, Saint-Sulpice et bien d’autres sont tout juste à côté !	Studio lumineux en plein coeur de Saint Germain-des-Près. Avec balcon de 8m2 qui fait la différence par rapport aux autres studios du quartier. Idéalement situé pour visiter les monuments, se promener ou s'attarder dans les cafés du quartier latin. Studio lumineux au 3ème étage en plein cœur de Saint germain des Près au centre de Paris. Son balcon de 8m2 fait la différence par rapport aux autres studios du quartier.  Idéalement situé pour les personnes qui veulent se promener au Jardin du Luxembourg situé au bout de la rue,  ou encore s’attarder dans les cafés du quartier latin. Pour les amoureux des visites culturelles Notre-Dame, le Louvre et sa Pyramide, la Sorbonne, le Panthéon, Saint-Sulpice et bien d’autres sont tout juste à côté ! Vous avez accès à l’ensemble du logement. Avec son balcon spacieux, une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain et des toilettes séparés. La pièce principale est lumineuse et agréable à vivre.  Vous disposez d’un canapé-lit très confortable qui convient par
15745	Appartement dans immeuble ancien, rue calme au coeur d'un quartier animé. 	Appartement dans immeuble ancien, rue calme au coeur d'un quartier animé. appartement entier, salon (canapé, table, 4 chaises, tv, internet, cuisine avec plaques chauffantes, four micro-ondes, refrigérateur, ustensiles de cuisine, bouilloire. Quartier historique et vivant, tous commerces, bars, restaurants, galeries d'art. Metro Ligne 4 et ligne 10. Stations Saint Germain, Odéon, Mabillon. 
15746		gfggffgsfgggfsg
15747	Parquet floor, wood beams, high windows......this 100sm apartemnt is spacious and liminous. Located in rue Saint André des Arts with windows giving on a small street, it is located on the 2nd floor without elevator. Fort, you enter in the study room (where, by the way, we can install a single or double extra mattress), an then in the spacious living room with an open kitchen.  This room gives on the two bedrooms. The master bedrooms gives on the small street. It has a double bed and access to the bathroom. The bathroom has a shower, a bathtube and toilets. The second bedroom, gives on a quiet courtyard ans has also access to another bathroom with shower. Second toilets and a basin are also accessible from the living room.  The apartment is fully equipped with wifi, TV, washer/dryer, dishwasher, oven... The rates includes everything: towels and  linens, and house cleaning upon leaving. Weekly house cleaning is also included for stays of more than 10 days. Also included: croissants, tea,	Come and live Paris Rive gauche life! This spacious 100m2 apartment that has a living room,  2 bedrooms, a study room and 2 bathrooms is the perfect place to call you home away from  home and make the most of your Parisian stay. Parquet floor, wood beams, high windows......this 100sm apartemnt is spacious and liminous. Located in rue Saint André des Arts with windows giving on a small street, it is located on the 2nd floor without elevator. Fort, you enter in the study room (where, by the way, we can install a single or double extra mattress), an then in the spacious living room with an open kitchen.  This room gives on the two bedrooms. The master bedrooms gives on the small street. It has a double bed and access to the bathroom. The bathroom has a shower, a bathtube and toilets. The second bedroom, gives on a quiet courtyard ans has also access to another bathroom with shower. Second toilets and a basin are also accessible from the living room.  The apartment is fully equipped with w
15748	Charming studio with a double bed in mezzanine, a lounge area, a dining area, a kitchen and a bathroom with WC. Ideally located in a quiet courtyard behind the French Academy in the neighborhood of Saint Germain des Prés, Saint Michel, Odeon and Le Louvre.  Historic heart of Paris, the area is full of restaurants, bars, shops, boutiques, museums and monuments. Close to many public transport : train, bus, subway and tourist transport. I wish to share with travelers but only if I can be helpfull for them when they asked so that I respect their tranqility. Les rues animées jusque tard dans la nuit alors que le studio est silencieux ; la proximité de la Seine et de tous les monuments ; le nouveau pont à 200 mètres du studio qui permet d'aller au Louvre à pied en 10 minutes.  Je souhaite échanger avec les voyageurs si je peux leur être utile, mais seulement s'ils me le demandent pour respecter leur tranquilité. Les rues animées jusque tard dans la nuit alors que le studio est silencieux ; l	Charming studio with a double bed in mezzanine, a lounge area, a dining area, a kitchen and a bathroom with WC. Ideally located in a quiet courtyard behind the French Academy in the neighborhood of Saint Germain des Prés, Saint Michel, Odeon and Le Louvre.  Historic heart of Paris, the area is full of restaurants, bars, shops, boutiques, museums and monuments. Close to many public transport : train, bus, subway and tourist transport. I wish to share with travelers but only if I can be helpfull for them when they asked so that I respect their tranqility. Les rues animées jusque tard dans la nuit alors que le studio est silencieux ; la proximité de la Seine et de tous les monuments ; le nouveau pont à 200 mètres du studio qui permet d'aller au Louvre à pied en 10 minutes.  Je souhaite échanger avec les voyageurs si je peux leur être utile, mais seulement s'ils me le demandent pour respecter leur tranquilité. Les rues animées jusque tard dans la nuit alors que le studio est silencieux ; l
15749	Le studio bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal en plein coeur du VIème arrondissement, tout près du Luxembourg et de Saint Germain des Près. Moderne et confortable, vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, idéal pour un couple. Le studio se situe au 6ème et dernier étage (ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble haussmanien.  Il se compose d'une grande pièce, délimitée par un bar américain. Dressings, lit double, TV et Internet avec Wifi. Le coin cuisine se compose d'un évier, d'un réfrigérateur, d'une plaque de cuisson et d'un micro-ondes. La salle de bains est intégrée dans la pièce, grande douche très moderne.  NB :Les toilettes se trouvent sur le palier et se partagent avec une autre personne (le ménage est fait deux fois par semaine  ) Situé dans une rue calme, à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg et de Montparnasse, le quartier est idéal pour partir à la découverte de Paris (3 lignes de métro, n°4 6 et 12) et compte de nombreux restaurants et magasins. De nombreux sites touristiques sont accessibles	Le studio bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal en plein coeur du VIème arrondissement, tout près du Luxembourg et de Saint Germain des Près. Moderne et confortable, vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, idéal pour un couple. Le studio bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal en plein coeur du VIème arrondissement, tout près du Luxembourg et de Saint Germain des Près. Moderne et confortable, vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, idéal pour un couple. Le studio se situe au 6ème et dernier étage (ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble haussmanien.  Il se compose d'une grande pièce, délimitée par un bar américain. Dressings, lit double, TV et Internet avec Wifi. Le coin cuisine se compose d'un évier, d'un réfrigérateur, d'une plaque de cuisson et d'un micro-ondes. La salle de bains est intégrée dans la pièce, grande douche très moderne.  NB :Les toilettes se trouvent sur le palier et se partagent avec une autre personne (le ménage est fait deux fois par semaine  ) Situé dans une rue calme, à deux pas du jardi
15750	THE SPACE You'll be at walking distance from the lovely Luxembourg garden, the best shops and restaurants in the most exclusive arrondissement. Our home is the ideal place for a your romantic stay in Paris.  It’s in the middle center of the most wanted location area in Paris,  yet protected of the city’s noise and bustle. It's a 60 m2 (650 ft2) quiet and newly renovated large one bedroom apartment in a 1900 building. It’s located on the first floor (second floor according to US standard) of a very small and quiet building: there’s only one apartment per floor (and only six floors), there are no neighbors in the floor below and our upstairs neighbors hardly ever come to their Parisian pied-à-terre.  There are stairs and an elevator very convenient to carry your luggage trough the flat. There are: •A bedroom facing the courtyard with a large king size bed •An all granite and marble bathroom with a large Italian shower •A kitchen fully equipped with high-end appliances •A living-room with	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, on the Left Bank, in the world famous “Saint Germain des Près” district: a charming newly recently renovated one bedroom apartment with a great view on the Place Saint Sulpice. THE SPACE You'll be at walking distance from the lovely Luxembourg garden, the best shops and restaurants in the most exclusive arrondissement. Our home is the ideal place for a your romantic stay in Paris.  It’s in the middle center of the most wanted location area in Paris,  yet protected of the city’s noise and bustle. It's a 60 m2 (650 ft2) quiet and newly renovated large one bedroom apartment in a 1900 building. It’s located on the first floor (second floor according to US standard) of a very small and quiet building: there’s only one apartment per floor (and only six floors), there are no neighbors in the floor below and our upstairs neighbors hardly ever come to their Parisian pied-à-terre.  There are stairs and an elevator very convenient to carry your luggage troug
15751	Vous serez le temps de votre séjour de voisin d'Eugène Delacroix. 	Situé en rez-de-chaussée dans un immeuble ancien, ce magnifique studio de 20 m² environ vous offre une pièce principale avec coin cuisine intégré donnant sur cour, une chambre et wc séparés en mezzanine. Internet, TV, au cœur de St-Germain-des-Près. Vous serez le temps de votre séjour de voisin d'Eugène Delacroix.
15752	This beautiful one bedroom apartment, located on rue Bonaparte, has an amazing view on the Saint Sulpice Church. It is in the center of Saint Germain des Prés in the 6th arrondissement, on one of the most beautiful streets. It is on the 6th and last floor, with an elevator until the 4th floor. It is fully furnished with a beautiful and refined decoration.  The apartment has an area of 50 square meters, or 538 square feet, with a living room, a dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, a lovely bedroom, and a shower-room. You can see the amazing Saint Sulpice Church from the dining room, with a small balcony. Mansards add charm to this luminous apartment. Windows are equipped with electric shutters. The bedroom was recently renovated and includes a queen size bed. From the bedroom, you have access to a separate toilet. The charming shower-room includes an Italian shower, a bidet, and another toilet. The residential building dates from 1880 and is very nice.  The apartment is next to the Sa	This beautiful one bedroom apartment, located on rue Bonaparte, has an amazing view on the Saint Sulpice Church. It is in the center of Saint Germain des Prés in the 6th arrondissement, on one of the most beautiful streets. It is on the 6th and last floor, with an elevator until the 4th floor. It is fully furnished with a beautiful and refined decoration.  The apartment has an area of 50 square meters, or 538 square feet, with a living room, a dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, a lovely bedroom, and a shower-room. You can see the amazing Saint Sulpice Church from the dining room, with a small balcony. Mansards add charm to this luminous apartment. Windows are equipped with electric shutters. The bedroom was recently renovated and includes a queen size bed. From the bedroom, you have access to a separate toilet. The charming shower-room includes an Italian shower, a bidet, and another toilet. The residential building dates from 1880 and is very nice.  The apartment is next to the Sa
15753	 - 2 rooms - 43 m²  - Very bright and quiet. A really peaceful place for Paris.-  Artistic district -  Towels and bed sheets provided  - Building full of poetry with a beautiful courtyard at the entrance.  - Located in the 6th district in Saint Germain des Pres: Best area.   - Bathroom with bath.  - TV and unlimited wireless Internet. DVD BluRay  - Stations Velib 'and Autolib nearby. -  Direct en métro de Roissy et Orly  - Location : all the best in Paris is nearby. The Luxembourg Gardens at 100 meters, Saint Germain des Pres with the Flora and Palette, Odeon cinemas, the Pantheon and the small streets of the fifth, Notre Dame 8 minutes walk, and so on ...  You can not be better. You will be fine. The value will give you full satisfaction. BONUS : The Polidor restaurant, located 41 rue Monsieur le Prince, is one of the oldest Parisian bistros.  Monoprix Bd Saint Michel.  	Beautiful apartment. Heart of Paris.  - 2 rooms - 43 m²  - Very bright and quiet. A really peaceful place for Paris.-  Artistic district -  Towels and bed sheets provided  - Building full of poetry with a beautiful courtyard at the entrance.  - Located in the 6th district in Saint Germain des Pres: Best area.   - Bathroom with bath.  - TV and unlimited wireless Internet. DVD BluRay  - Stations Velib 'and Autolib nearby. -  Direct en métro de Roissy et Orly  - Location : all the best in Paris is nearby. The Luxembourg Gardens at 100 meters, Saint Germain des Pres with the Flora and Palette, Odeon cinemas, the Pantheon and the small streets of the fifth, Notre Dame 8 minutes walk, and so on ...  You can not be better. You will be fine. The value will give you full satisfaction. BONUS : The Polidor restaurant, located 41 rue Monsieur le Prince, is one of the oldest Parisian bistros.  Monoprix Bd Saint Michel.  
15754	Dans un esprit chic et sobre, ce splendide appartement de 3 pièces vous ouvre ses portes pour un séjour placé sous le signe de l’élégance, dans le quartier recherché du 14ème arrondissement. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble cossu, séjournez sur le célèbre boulevard du Montparnasse, à deux pas de Port Royal. D’une surface de 65 m2, le Montparnasse offre un espace idéal pour 5 personnes grâce à deux chambres, l’une dotée de deux lits simples, et l’autre comprenant trois lits simples. Le vaste séjour avec table à manger et espace détente grâce à une télévision à écran plat et internet en illimité est séparé de la cuisine entièrement équipée. Deux salles de bains avec WC complètent ce bien pour davantage de confort et d’intimité.	Au pied de Port Royal, ce magnifique appartement de 3 pièces de 65 m2 se trouve dans un immeuble bourgeois du boulevard Montparnasse. Dans un esprit chic et sobre, ce splendide appartement de 3 pièces vous ouvre ses portes pour un séjour placé sous le signe de l’élégance, dans le quartier recherché du 14ème arrondissement. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble cossu, séjournez sur le célèbre boulevard du Montparnasse, à deux pas de Port Royal. D’une surface de 65 m2, le Montparnasse offre un espace idéal pour 5 personnes grâce à deux chambres, l’une dotée de deux lits simples, et l’autre comprenant trois lits simples. Le vaste séjour avec table à manger et espace détente grâce à une télévision à écran plat et internet en illimité est séparé de la cuisine entièrement équipée. Deux salles de bains avec WC complètent ce bien pour davantage de confort et d’intimité. Le quartier Montparnasse est connu pour son caractère festif avec une multitude de brasseries typiquement parisiennes : 
15755	In a stunning private home from the 19th century in the desirable 6eme neighborhood of Paris. Large enough for two people (and a child), calm and fully equipped. Large terrace (25m) giving on to an interior courtyard and furnished for barbecues and lounging. Recently renovated, the apartment is on the first floor with elevator and is equipped with: Air-conditioning, one bed 1.60 x 2m, large shower, hair-dryer, all necessary linens. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine, oven and stove. Vacuum cleaner, iron and ironing board are also provided. The neighborhood is centrally located and close to boutiques, cinemas, restaurants, pastry shops, brasseries, etc..  One block from the Luxembourg gardens, 5 minutes by foot to St.Germain-des-Prés, St. Sulpice and Montparnasse. Several metro and bus lines close by. RER B to Orly airport is a 10 minute walk from the flat.	In a stunning private home from the 19th century in the desirable 6eme neighborhood of Paris. Large enough for two people (and a child), calm and fully equipped. Large terrace (25m) giving on to an interior courtyard and furnished for barbecues and lounging. Recently renovated, the apartment is on the first floor with elevator and is equipped with: Air-conditioning, one bed 1.60 x 2m, large shower, hair-dryer, all necessary linens. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine, oven and stove. Vacuum cleaner, iron and ironing board are also provided. The neighborhood is centrally located and close to boutiques, cinemas, restaurants, pastry shops, brasseries, etc..  One block from the Luxembourg gardens, 5 minutes by foot to St.Germain-des-Prés, St. Sulpice and Montparnasse. Several metro and bus lines close by. RER B to Orly airport is a 10 minute walk from the flat.
15756	Rue Cherche Midi in front, A modern and spacious 55m2 property, 3rd floor with elevator, large living-room with a double sofa bed, separated to a grand kitchen, large room with king size or two single beds, terrace and grand bath-room.	Rue Cherche Midi in front. A modern and spacious (55m²) property, 3rd floor with elevator, large living-room w double sofa-bed connegting to a magnificent equipped kitchen, large bed-room with king size or two single-beds, terrace nd grand bath-room  Rue Cherche Midi in front, A modern and spacious 55m2 property, 3rd floor with elevator, large living-room with a double sofa bed, separated to a grand kitchen, large room with king size or two single beds, terrace and grand bath-room. One person will be at the apt. for the check in to explain  the functioning of the households appliances, for the check out and for the cleaning and control. The exclusive position between the Saint Germain church, Saint Sulpice church, the Quartier latin, the wonderful Luxembourg gardens, the Odeon theater and the famous Marche is waiting for guests who love Paris. To walk among the plenty of narrow delicious streets, fancy shops, to explore the art dealers and the antiques galleries would be a real pleasur
15757		Grand appartement lumineux et très bien équipé (lave-vaisselle,  lave-linge, sèche-cheveux...) en plein coeur de Montparnasse. Quartier très animé, bars, restaurants de plusieurs spécialités, shopping à la rue de rennes, à deux pas de la tour Montparnasse.
15758	Our recently renovated apartment is located in the Latin Quarter, at the corner of Bd St Germain and Bd St Michel, historical neighborood, from which you can enjoy the magnificent view of the Cluny's gardens, and Cluny's museum.  It is on the fourth floor, the apartment is bright and sunny and features unobstructed views of city skyline from south and southern exposures.. You will enjoy your coffee with a croissant on the small balcony from which you can see the Eiffel tower.  Its superficy is 150 m². We have a master bedroom and 3 small bedrooms (one with a double bed, one with a sofa that pulls out into a double bed and one with a bunk bed, for one kid).  Regarding our beds, we have one king (200 cm x 180 cm), two double (200 cm x 140 cm),  and one « small double » (180 cm x 140 cm, the high bed). We have two bathrooms, one with a bath and a shower and another with a shower.  We are at a 5mn walk from St Germain des Prés, 10 mn walk from Notre Dame.  Right in front of the apartment, 	Bright and stylish 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms 150 sq mt apt, ideally located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Metros and buses right down the street. A few blocks from Maubert open market, grocery stores, restaurants. Amazing views. Our recently renovated apartment is located in the Latin Quarter, at the corner of Bd St Germain and Bd St Michel, historical neighborood, from which you can enjoy the magnificent view of the Cluny's gardens, and Cluny's museum.  It is on the fourth floor, the apartment is bright and sunny and features unobstructed views of city skyline from south and southern exposures.. You will enjoy your coffee with a croissant on the small balcony from which you can see the Eiffel tower.  Its superficy is 150 m². We have a master bedroom and 3 small bedrooms (one with a double bed, one with a sofa that pulls out into a double bed and one with a bunk bed, for one kid).  Regarding our beds, we have one king (200 cm x 180 cm), two double (200 cm x 140 cm),  and one « small
15759	Il y a une chambre avec un lit une place et un canapé-lit deux places (très confortable) dans le salon.  La salle de bain est petite et étroite. La cuisine est très bien équipée (plaque, four, four micro-ondes, ustensiles de cuisine...). Ceux qui souhaitent cusiner pourront e faire tout à leur aise ! L'appartement est très bien équipé : lave-vaisselle, lave-linge...	Appartement cosy, calme et lumineux en plein cœur de St Germain des Près. Quartier vivant, riche en boutiques, cafés et restaurants typiquement parisiens. A proximité des lignes de métro 4, 10 et 12, c'est un emplacement parfait pour découvrir Paris! Il y a une chambre avec un lit une place et un canapé-lit deux places (très confortable) dans le salon.  La salle de bain est petite et étroite. La cuisine est très bien équipée (plaque, four, four micro-ondes, ustensiles de cuisine...). Ceux qui souhaitent cusiner pourront e faire tout à leur aise ! L'appartement est très bien équipé : lave-vaisselle, lave-linge... Nous pouvons échanger par email ou par téléphone pour plus de facilité ! Un quartier vivant et agréable de jour comme de nuit ! Saint-Germain-des -Prés est le coeur de Paris. Sa position centrale dans la ville vous permet de faire la majorité de vos visites à pieds ou avec de courts trajets de métro. Les deux rue derrière l'appartement , rue Princesse et rue des Canettes sont a
15760	* 5min walk to the Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Odéon or Louvre-Rivoli métros * 5min walk to the Pont des Arts and the Louvre * 38 sqm : 2 main rooms + kitchen + bathroom * A big dinner table and a working desk * 3 people : One double bed and one single bed in separate rooms *WARNING : 5 floors without lift, but very easy stairs, and the view is worth it!	With a lovely view of the roofs of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, this flat is perfect for a romantic or a family holiday. Very close to the Louvre, the great central location allows you to go anywhere quickly. Facing a private garden, it is very quiet! * 5min walk to the Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Odéon or Louvre-Rivoli métros * 5min walk to the Pont des Arts and the Louvre * 38 sqm : 2 main rooms + kitchen + bathroom * A big dinner table and a working desk * 3 people : One double bed and one single bed in separate rooms *WARNING : 5 floors without lift, but very easy stairs, and the view is worth it! * Fully equipped kitchen with oven & micro wave * Fully equipped bathroom with shower & bath * Wi-Fi, Speakers, radio The 6th arrondissement of Paris is one of the most attractive neighbourghoods, in terms of history and activity. It has always been the area of artists, the rue de Seine is full of art galleries, while the cafes of rue de Buci will be there for your lazy afternoons! Métros : Odéon 
15761	Attention/beware: There is construction work in the courtyard on front, therefore it is noisy between 8:00 am and 4:45 pm, Monday through Friday. Located in a residential neighborhood, calm and safe yet lively (cafés, restaurants, boutiques, pastry shops, wine cellars abound). Inside: Perfect for 2 people, it is nevertheless agreeable for up to 4 people for a short stay. A loft area sustains a queen size bed; beneath, 2 convertible chairs will comfortably sleep 2 more guests; another armchair and low tables furnish the living space along with TV, DVD, and broadband wifi internet access. The kitchen, modernly designed, has all necessary amenities: table and chairs for 4, cooking utensils, coffee maker, toaster, water boiler, etc... A dishwasher, laudry washer/dryer, refrigerator and microwave oven will make your stay very comfortable. The bathroom, modern and functional has a powerful shower, a hair dryer and the toilet. Outside: A private deck surrounded by tall bushes will let you tak	In the heart of Paris 6, district of fashion, writers, jazz clubs, live and movie theaters (english speaking) and museums; close to the Seine river, the Eiffel tower and the Luxembourg gardens, this studio is a dream location for holidays or a work spell in the city of lights! Attention/beware: There is construction work in the courtyard on front, therefore it is noisy between 8:00 am and 4:45 pm, Monday through Friday. Located in a residential neighborhood, calm and safe yet lively (cafés, restaurants, boutiques, pastry shops, wine cellars abound). Inside: Perfect for 2 people, it is nevertheless agreeable for up to 4 people for a short stay. A loft area sustains a queen size bed; beneath, 2 convertible chairs will comfortably sleep 2 more guests; another armchair and low tables furnish the living space along with TV, DVD, and broadband wifi internet access. The kitchen, modernly designed, has all necessary amenities: table and chairs for 4, cooking utensils, coffee maker, toaster, wa
15762	The St. Germain des Pres district of Paris is perhaps the most famous neighbourhood of what is already the world’s most celebrated city; this is where artists, politicians, and intellectuals have gathered for centuries. Within the somewhat vague confines of this exclusive area of Paris, there are certain streets that are more desirable than others… streets that have what the French call ‘cachet’…where the buzz is subdued, refined and enticing enough to make people want to be on that particular street, not elsewhere, even though the street is more residential than anything else. No matter. The Rue Jacob is one of those streets where people want to be. With all of its current cachet, centuries ago, this street used to be a simple footpath running along the northern boundary of the sprawling Abby of St. Germain des Pres, just outside the fortified city walls. Originally called the rue du Colombier, in the early 17th century, the western end of the street was changed to ‘rue Jacob’ by the 	Located on one of the most Historic streets in St Germain, this spacious apartment boasts soaring ceiling hung with Murano Chandeliers and large windows that flood the apartment with light! The St. Germain des Pres district of Paris is perhaps the most famous neighbourhood of what is already the world’s most celebrated city; this is where artists, politicians, and intellectuals have gathered for centuries. Within the somewhat vague confines of this exclusive area of Paris, there are certain streets that are more desirable than others… streets that have what the French call ‘cachet’…where the buzz is subdued, refined and enticing enough to make people want to be on that particular street, not elsewhere, even though the street is more residential than anything else. No matter. The Rue Jacob is one of those streets where people want to be. With all of its current cachet, centuries ago, this street used to be a simple footpath running along the northern boundary of the sprawling Abby of St
15763	Located on a peaceful street (Rue du Dragon) of Saint Germain des Près, you will be seduced by the apartment, renovated during Spring 2013.  It sleeps 2 persons and may be describe as below :  - Large entrance with warderobe and basin unit - A large living room with sofa, 2 coffee tables and armchairs - A dining table with a completly equiped kitchen - A bedroom with double bed (160cm), night tables - A shower room with wash basin and WC 	Located on the 5th floor Rue du Dragon, this great 55 sqm apartment is comfortable and charming (beams and parquet flooring.  It sleeps 2 persons. The bedroom is quiete, the windows in on the courtyard. Located on a peaceful street (Rue du Dragon) of Saint Germain des Près, you will be seduced by the apartment, renovated during Spring 2013.  It sleeps 2 persons and may be describe as below :  - Large entrance with warderobe and basin unit - A large living room with sofa, 2 coffee tables and armchairs - A dining table with a completly equiped kitchen - A bedroom with double bed (160cm), night tables - A shower room with wash basin and WC The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may have.  We will also meet our guests on their day of departure. Situated along the Seine Ri
15764		A Unique 60m2 apartment, on the ground floor of a small residential building, facing a private courtyard, very quiet.
15765	Village atmosphere in the heart of Paris. Most of biggest museums and monuments are close. Fully furnished.  1 bedroom + 1 mezzanine.	Beautiful and luminous apartment in the historical heart of Paris ( Saint Germain des Prés ).  Close to accommodations and transports. Beautiful volumes (3,40m high). The ceiling was painted in 1630... There are two twin beds and a sofa. Village atmosphere in the heart of Paris. Most of biggest museums and monuments are close. Fully furnished.  1 bedroom + 1 mezzanine. Tout l'appartement est accessible Nous sommes disponibles pour vous assister dans votre séjour Quartier historique du 17e siècle. Chaque maison de la rue Visconti a eu des hôtes exceptionnnels: imprimerie de Balzac, maison de Racine etc. Dans cet appartement vivait au 18e siècle vivait Adrienne Lecouvreur, actrice et maitresse de Maurice de Saxe, amie de Voltaire. Metro et bus à proximité
15766	First the numbers: our spacious and bright 55 sqm (about 600 sqf) apartment is on the fifth floor of a 18-century classical Parisian building on a 1000-year old street. Though there is no elevator it is really worth climbing the stairs as you’ll have a nice view over the rooftops and can even catch a glimpse of Notre Dame and the Eiffel Tower! As it overlooks a pedestrian street on one side and a courtyard on the other you will not be disturbed by the noise of traffic all the while profiting from an extremely central location. We have just renovated and refurbished the flat with quality furniture for maximum comfort: the bedroom has a queen-sized bed (160 cm x 200 cm) and the living room a foldable single bed which still leaves room for the sofa and table – but unless you book the place for three people it will be conveniently tucked away in one of the immense built-in cabinets where there will still be plenty of room for your belongings.  You can access the bathroom through a corridor	Freshly renovated & refurbished spacious top-floor apartment. Located on a pedestrian street which is also one of the oldest in Paris: you could simply not be closer to the sights! First the numbers: our spacious and bright 55 sqm (about 600 sqf) apartment is on the fifth floor of a 18-century classical Parisian building on a 1000-year old street. Though there is no elevator it is really worth climbing the stairs as you’ll have a nice view over the rooftops and can even catch a glimpse of Notre Dame and the Eiffel Tower! As it overlooks a pedestrian street on one side and a courtyard on the other you will not be disturbed by the noise of traffic all the while profiting from an extremely central location. We have just renovated and refurbished the flat with quality furniture for maximum comfort: the bedroom has a queen-sized bed (160 cm x 200 cm) and the living room a foldable single bed which still leaves room for the sofa and table – but unless you book the place for three people it w
15767	"Near metro Saint-Michel, stay in this cozy independent room and experience the Parisian lifestyle from the very heart of the Latin Quarter. The recently renovated room includes a pull out sofa bed, a large writing desk, a small kitchen and a private shower. A shared toilet is located just down the hall. The room is not part of an apartment, it is a stand alone room measuring approx 10m2/100 sq ft. While the sofa bed can sleep two, the room only accommodates one person comfortably. Perched on the top floor (6th fl.), the room gets plenty of sun and the elevator makes for easy access.   Notre Dame, place St Germain des Prés, the famous café ""Les Deux Magots"" and many other restaurants + shopping are all within walking distance of this cozy studio. The metro, buses and velib stations are also a short walk away. You will not regret staying in this vibrant and young neighborhood!  If you are looking for an affordable, clean and cozy room to stay in the heart of the Latin Quarter then you ha"	"Near metro Saint-Michel, stay in this cozy independent room and experience the Parisian lifestyle from the very heart of the Latin Quarter. The recently renovated room includes a pull out sofa bed, a large writing desk, a small kitchen and a private shower. A shared toilet is located just down the hall. The room is not part of an apartment, it is a stand alone room measuring approx 10m2/100 sq ft. While the sofa bed can sleep two, the room only accommodates one person comfortably. Perched on the top floor (6th fl.), the room gets plenty of sun and the elevator makes for easy access.   Notre Dame, place St Germain des Prés, the famous café ""Les Deux Magots"" and many other restaurants + shopping are all within walking distance of this cozy studio. The metro, buses and velib stations are also a short walk away. You will not regret staying in this vibrant and young neighborhood!  If you are looking for an affordable, clean and cozy room to stay in the heart of the Latin Quarter then you ha"
15768	Like a house, very quiet . Charming apartment renovated, a few steps from Luxembourg. Preserved from the noise of the city. On 2 floors, with the ground floor a large living room , a garden , a cabin with 1 bedroom and bathroom. Upstairs , 2 bedrooms and bathroom . Many nearby shops , including a supermarket nearby open until midnight.	Or more precisely as a house, with a living room on the ground floor , bedrooms and bathroom upstairs. And very rare in Paris, his garden and his cabin turned into bedroom with bathroom. Absolute calm. 3mn walking from St Germain des Prés. Like a house, very quiet . Charming apartment renovated, a few steps from Luxembourg. Preserved from the noise of the city. On 2 floors, with the ground floor a large living room , a garden , a cabin with 1 bedroom and bathroom. Upstairs , 2 bedrooms and bathroom . Many nearby shops , including a supermarket nearby open until midnight. On the whole apartment except a small room on the stored unnecessary things for our guests. Our oldest son , 20 years , will handle welcome you and give you the necessary information. He does not live in the apartment but will remain reachable . Very quiet, but a few steps from Saint Germain des Prés or Montparnasse. The nearby Luxembourg Gardens is very significant to do his jogging or tennis. Station subway lines 4 a
15769		Lovely and cosy 3 room-flat with seperated kitchen for 2 persons on the left bank, with a unique view. It offers a cool court and is situed in a very calm area and street.  Plenty delicious restaurants and major touristics areas and monuments nearby.
15770		Arguably the most lovely location in Paris, because a walk at midnight over the magic bridges will allow you to soak the wonders of Paris then walk safely home, after dark among all the tourists in the brightly lit streets lined with historical gems!
15771	This elegant three bedrooms apartment is very well located in the safe Saint Germain des Prés area, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on rue des Beaux-Arts a quiet street 4 min walk from the Seine River and 2 min from the lively rue de Buci with its coffees, restaurants, bakeries and its supermarket which leads to the heart of Saint-Michel. The apartment is on the 1st floor (ground floor + 1) with an elevator, it is a crossing apartment so very luminous, on the street and on a green courtyard with an unobstructed view.  It has a refined decoration with beautiful antique furniture, a high ceiling, large windows, wooden floor and many boards. It is perfect for a family stay or with friends ! This apartment can accommodate 8 guests. This apartment of  130 sq meters, or  about 1399 sq ft, features an entrance hall which provides access to the kitchen, the two bathrooms, two bedrooms and the spacious living room that features three large windows, two sofa and one comfortable couch t	Beautiful three bedrooms apartment very well located Rue des Beaux Arts, in Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement, next to the Seine River. 1st floor with elevator. Refined & authentic parisian decoration. Perfect for family and friends. This elegant three bedrooms apartment is very well located in the safe Saint Germain des Prés area, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on rue des Beaux-Arts a quiet street 4 min walk from the Seine River and 2 min from the lively rue de Buci with its coffees, restaurants, bakeries and its supermarket which leads to the heart of Saint-Michel. The apartment is on the 1st floor (ground floor + 1) with an elevator, it is a crossing apartment so very luminous, on the street and on a green courtyard with an unobstructed view.  It has a refined decoration with beautiful antique furniture, a high ceiling, large windows, wooden floor and many boards. It is perfect for a family stay or with friends ! This apartment can accommodate 8 guests. This apar
15772		What an amazing please to put your luggages after a long walk day in Paris. Paris center, Saint germain des Près, here we are !! Surounded by many restaurants, cafés, shopping and french brasseries. The real parisian style will be around you. You do not need any taxi to see all Paris from the center.
15773	Exclusive Terrace in St Germain des pres, exceptionnel!	Superbe and stylish apartment located in the heart of famous St Germain des Pres, left bank, one block away from the river. Fully equipped and furnished. Private Terrace full sky at the last floor. Washer/dryer, FREE wifi/phone. 4th floor NO lift. Exclusive Terrace in St Germain des pres, exceptionnel! Charming superbe apartment perfect for two travellers. Available 7/7, 24/24 to help you when you are here. The most romantic area of Paris, left bank!  Arty location surrounded by 200 art galleries.
15774	Beautiful one bedroom apartment to rent in Paris that has been recently renovated. This apartment can sleep up to four guests who will be comfortably settled as it features two bathrooms. The entrance hall gives on the living-room. It features a sofabed with a very good quality queen size mattress (160×200) chosen for daily use. From the living room you have access to the first bathroom which has a walk-in shower and toilets. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160×200), a little desk, a TV and a second bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and toilets as well. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. 	This place is perfect for four people. If you are two couples traveling together, or even two people sleeping in a separate bed, each of you will have your own bathroom which will be very comfortable for a 1-bedroom apartment. Beautiful one bedroom apartment to rent in Paris that has been recently renovated. This apartment can sleep up to four guests who will be comfortably settled as it features two bathrooms. The entrance hall gives on the living-room. It features a sofabed with a very good quality queen size mattress (160×200) chosen for daily use. From the living room you have access to the first bathroom which has a walk-in shower and toilets. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160×200), a little desk, a TV and a second bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and toilets as well. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. Very good standing building. The apartment in Paris is on the 5th and last floor with elevator. Note that the lift starts on the 1st floor. You will therefore have 
15775	Huge luxury apartment in the heart of Paris: Latin Quarter / Saint Germain / Saint Michel / Notre Dame de Paris/ La Sorbonne/ Luxembourg gardens !!! A real gem in the historic area of Paris!  Building from the 17th century! very High ceiling, fireplaces and wooden floor like in Versailles Castle!  Very spacious and sunny 100 m2 = 1075 sq feet !!! 2 bedrooms 2 bathrooms King size bed Plasma screen / printer-copy-scan-fax / Dishwasher / washing machine / oven / microwave Wifi TV Cable Free telephone landline to a lot of countries.	Wonderful/sunny/huge apartment in a luxurious building from the 17th century!  Very High ceiling, firfireplaces and wooden floor like in Versailles Castle! 1075 sq ft! In the heart of everything: Latin Quarter/Saint-Germain/Saint-Michel/Notre Dame! Huge luxury apartment in the heart of Paris: Latin Quarter / Saint Germain / Saint Michel / Notre Dame de Paris/ La Sorbonne/ Luxembourg gardens !!! A real gem in the historic area of Paris!  Building from the 17th century! very High ceiling, fireplaces and wooden floor like in Versailles Castle!  Very spacious and sunny 100 m2 = 1075 sq feet !!! 2 bedrooms 2 bathrooms King size bed Plasma screen / printer-copy-scan-fax / Dishwasher / washing machine / oven / microwave Wifi TV Cable Free telephone landline to a lot of countries. Movie theater next door Market very close by (rue de Buci) Close to La Sorbonne, Jardins du Luxembourg, Notre Dame, Cluny Baths, Saint Germain des Près (and famous café de Flore), very good restaurants and shops. A l
15776	DESCRIPTION  The 1 Bedroom Apartment (37 square meters)  is perfect to accommodate 2 people. Located  near the St Germain boulevard, in a very quiet street,  on the 2nd floor of the building B (without elevator).  The apartment is clean,  very luminous with 5 windows  (with double-glazed windows) ,overlooking the very quiet courtyard.  The 1 bedroom apartment is newly renovated, so you can appreciate the modern open kitchen and the new bathroom, and we manage to keep the fireplace . In the LIVING ROOM you have a sofa, a dining table and chairs.  The KITCHEN is fully equipped with fridge, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, dishwasher. In the BEDROOM, there is a  Double Bed and fireplace.  BATHROOM with large shower and wc. Hair Dryer Towels and Bed Linen Provided.  ACCESS TO TOURISM SITES By Foot :  1 minute from the Odeon metro (4 ; 10) and bus station (63 ; 86) ; 2 stops (Châtelet) metro n°14 2 minutes to Hop On Hop Off  buses 3 minutes from RER (B et C) Saint Michel.   3 minutes Tax	EXCEPTIONAL LOCATION, WIFI, TV St GERMAIN DES PRES / St MICHEL (100m)  NOTRE DAME -LUXEMBOURG - LATIN QUARTER - LOUVRE MUSEUM - BOAT TRIP BEAUTIFUL RENOVATED APARTMENT  COSY & VERY QUIET (400sqft/37m2) 2nd floor 2 min : METRO, RER, TAXI Airports 45 DESCRIPTION  The 1 Bedroom Apartment (37 square meters)  is perfect to accommodate 2 people. Located  near the St Germain boulevard, in a very quiet street,  on the 2nd floor of the building B (without elevator).  The apartment is clean,  very luminous with 5 windows  (with double-glazed windows) ,overlooking the very quiet courtyard.  The 1 bedroom apartment is newly renovated, so you can appreciate the modern open kitchen and the new bathroom, and we manage to keep the fireplace . In the LIVING ROOM you have a sofa, a dining table and chairs.  The KITCHEN is fully equipped with fridge, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, dishwasher. In the BEDROOM, there is a  Double Bed and fireplace.  BATHROOM with large shower and wc. Hair Dryer Towels 
15777	"NON SMOKING- Lovely, Fully Renovated Studio  3rd floor walk up One minute from EVERYTHING! The Louvre Museum is less than 5 minutes by foot, Seine River , Musee d'Orsay less than 5 minutes by foot, new Ralph Lauren Store on Boulevard Sant Germain 2 minutes by foot,  Cafe de Flore, Les Deux Maggots,  are ALL WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE! Everything inside is carefully thought out and of good quality. Free Wireless Internet, Free Phone Calls to AMERICA and CANADA and over 40 other Countries. Washing Machine and Dryer. Full Kitchen with Oven, LG Solar Dome, 4 Burner Cook Top, Full Bathroom with Bath tub, Queen Size Professional Convertible Sleeper with ""real"" Simmons Mattress. This is not an inexpensive ""crash pad"" but rather a well maintained studio, with all ammenities in an absolute amazing location. Three DIfferent METRO LINES within 3 minutes from our place. This LOCATION is teh BEST in Paris. You can't go wrong by booking our studio. You have comfort, location, and real AUTHENTIC PARISIA"	"Our lovely Studio is located in the ABSOLUTE BEST DISTRICT in all of Paris, Saint Germain des Pres.  We offer an extremely competitive rate , clean well appointed amenities and a LOCATION to die for!! NON SMOKING- Lovely, Fully Renovated Studio  3rd floor walk up One minute from EVERYTHING! The Louvre Museum is less than 5 minutes by foot, Seine River , Musee d'Orsay less than 5 minutes by foot, new Ralph Lauren Store on Boulevard Sant Germain 2 minutes by foot,  Cafe de Flore, Les Deux Maggots,  are ALL WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE! Everything inside is carefully thought out and of good quality. Free Wireless Internet, Free Phone Calls to AMERICA and CANADA and over 40 other Countries. Washing Machine and Dryer. Full Kitchen with Oven, LG Solar Dome, 4 Burner Cook Top, Full Bathroom with Bath tub, Queen Size Professional Convertible Sleeper with ""real"" Simmons Mattress. This is not an inexpensive ""crash pad"" but rather a well maintained studio, with all ammenities in an absolute amazing lo"
15778	It is very luminous - total of 5 big windows Luxury sheets  High end / design furniture - deco 4th floor / no elevator	Very central, 2 steps from cafe des Flores and le bon marchee perfectly served by public transport, the apartment has a lot of charm, antique parquet, chimney and 4 big soundproof windows overlooking the rue de grenelle It is very luminous - total of 5 big windows Luxury sheets  High end / design furniture - deco 4th floor / no elevator Perfect! 3 lines of metro, 5 busses - very easy
15779	Idealement placé au coeur du Quartier Latin. Tout près du Jardin du Luxembourg et du Bld St Germain. Derniers étages d'un immeuble du 18 ème siècle avec tout le confort du 21 ème	Idealement placé au coeur du Quartier Latin. Tout près du Jardin du Luxembourg et du Bld St Germain. Derniers étages d'un immeuble du 18 ème siècle avec tout le confort du 21 ème A deux pas du métro ODEON
15780	Beautiful, well-appointed studio near Jardin du Luxembourg and Mont Parnasse	Beautiful studio by Jardin du Luxembourg in the famous 6th arrondissement. Easy access from the airport by RER B, 3minute walk from the metro Vavin, 7 minute walk from Mont Parnasse. Close to Latin Quarter, Saint Michel, Saint Germain de Pris! Beautiful, well-appointed studio near Jardin du Luxembourg and Mont Parnasse I am a working professional living in the apartment, but will be out of town during your stay.  The place is professionally cleaned, and I will keep my stuff tidy in the closets, but please do respect my belongings! I will be available by phone for any emergency, and I am generally quite responsive if you have any questions about what to do or see in Paris =) Delicious Boulangerie across the street Port Royal (RER B tarin) is 10 min away. There is also Velo bike rental just a few hundred feet from the apartment!  Great for biking around Paris!
15781	"In the heart of Montparnasse, a wonderful room with a balcony, full of flowers, on a peaceful gardens, with a magic views on parisian roofs of Saint Germain des Prés. You'll be staying in a large private room (20m2), in a luxury appartment (90m2) fully furnished with splendid antiques of the 19th century, french, chinese and italian. The two balconies offer a unique view, from the 5th floor.  The bathroom is very large and all wooden, with a bathtube. We just did some works in the room, adding beautiful paintings on the walls, offering also a beautiful table and improving the balcony with bamboos, rose trees and colourful oleander.  The appartment is very well located, in the heart of Montparnasse, just a few blocks from famous old parisian coffees such as ""Le Dôme"" or ""Le Select"".  In 10 min walk, down the famous Rue de Rennes, you'll arrive in Saint Germain des Prés, the church of Saint Sulpice, the gardens of Luxembourg and the famous Bon (website hidden) just 20 minutes walk you ca"	In the heart of Montparnasse, 5 minutes to Saint Germain des Prés, you'll be staying in a bohemia style appartment, decorated by antiques and objets d'art. Feel the unique parisian atmosphere by staying in this cultural and retro appartment.  you'll be staying in a private room, sharing a large and comfortable bathroom in a 80m2 flat. Room is exposed south, with a beautiful light coming in , and opens on a balcony full of flowers, to rest after a busy day in town! In the heart of Montparnasse, a wonderful room with a balcony, full of flowers, on a peaceful gardens, with a magic views on parisian roofs of Saint Germain des Prés. You'll be staying in a large private room (20m2), in a luxury appartment (90m2) fully furnished with splendid antiques of the 19th century, french, chinese and italian. The two balconies offer a unique view, from the 5th floor.  The bathroom is very large and all wooden, with a bathtube. We just did some works in the room, adding beautiful paintings on the walls
15782	"Large and quiet apartment in a charming building designed by Philippe STARCK in the heart of Paris (HEART OF SAINT-GERMAIN DES PRES): At walking distance : - 5 min Saint-Michel, Quartier latin  - 10 min Invalides - 10 min from Eiffel Tower, - 15 min from Louvre and Le Marais, Chatelet Les Halles,- -15 min from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. Literally hundreds of places around to have a ""drink and eat"", truly the best neighborhood for all your shopping needs! The apartment consists of a large living room with a full king size bed and a large comfy couch, bathroom with bathtub / hair dryer and a separated kitchen so you can cook at home if you want (utensils available, fridge, microwave - there is a large grocery store on the same block). Washing/drying machine available.  Very nice flat, 50 square meters, in a typical Parisian neighbourhood with a terrace of 35 square meters (377 square feet).    In details:  - 1 separated double bed sized beds ( 2 people)  - 1 big sofa.  - 1 separ"	"Large and quiet apartment in a charming building designed by Philippe STARCK in the heart of Paris (HEART OF SAINT-GERMAIN DES PRES): At walking distance : - 5 min Saint-Michel, Quartier latin  - 10 min Invalides - 10 min from Eiffel Tower, - 15 min from Louvre and Le Marais, Chatelet Les Halles,- -15 min from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. Literally hundreds of places around to have a ""drink and eat"", truly the best neighborhood for all your shopping needs! The apartment consists of a large living room with a full king size bed and a large comfy couch, bathroom with bathtub / hair dryer and a separated kitchen so you can cook at home if you want (utensils available, fridge, microwave - there is a large grocery store on the same block). Washing/drying machine available.  Very nice flat, 50 square meters, in a typical Parisian neighbourhood with a terrace of 35 square meters (377 square feet).    In details:  - 1 separated double bed sized beds ( 2 people)  - 1 big sofa.  - 1 separ"
15783	Nice newly renovated flat located in the heart of Paris, in Saint Germain des Près: 10 minutes away by walk from the Louvre, from Notre-Dame-de-Paris, from La Sorbonne or from the Luxembourg garden. You can also go to the Eiffel Tower by bike; it will only take you 10 minutes.  My flat is in the heart of the quartier Latin, with a view on the rue de Rennes with all of the cute shops. Carrefour de l’Odéon is also 5 minutes away from my flat. And one block away, there is this famous café called “Café de flore” (on the corner of the Boulevard Saint-Germain and the Rue St. Benoit). It is praised by visitors from around the globe for its ambient atmosphere, delicious dishes and it being the perfect place to lose yourself whilst watching the passersby. Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, good wine, bread (bakery right behind the flat) and good food. Linens, towels are provided; you just need to come with your toothbrush! Perfect alternative to over priced hotels in the area. 	Nice flat located in the heart of Paris, in Saint Germain des Près: really close to all the famous monuments of Paris and in this cute area. Nice newly renovated flat located in the heart of Paris, in Saint Germain des Près: 10 minutes away by walk from the Louvre, from Notre-Dame-de-Paris, from La Sorbonne or from the Luxembourg garden. You can also go to the Eiffel Tower by bike; it will only take you 10 minutes.  My flat is in the heart of the quartier Latin, with a view on the rue de Rennes with all of the cute shops. Carrefour de l’Odéon is also 5 minutes away from my flat. And one block away, there is this famous café called “Café de flore” (on the corner of the Boulevard Saint-Germain and the Rue St. Benoit). It is praised by visitors from around the globe for its ambient atmosphere, delicious dishes and it being the perfect place to lose yourself whilst watching the passersby. Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, good wine, bread (bakery right behind the flat) and good
15784	Nice 23 sqm studio in the center of Paris. Calm (courtyard), completely furnished (WIFI, TV, Hifi system (+Airport), Micro-wave...), next to Boulevard Saint Germain, Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Odéon, you can find grocery stores, a market with french food products, laundry service, bars and restaurants.  Perfect to discover the city, you can stop there between two visits to change or rest. Extremely close to Metro 4 and 10, RER B and RER C, buses and public bikes. It consists of 1 living/dining room with bed (120x200) ,TV ,sofa, one fully equipped kitchen, (refrigerator, oven, crockery, vacuum cleaner etc), and one bathroom with washing machine, shower and toilet.  Internet Access & unlimited WiFi .  Linen & towels provided. Utilities included. 	Nice 23 sqm studio in the center of Paris. Calm (courtyard), completely furnished (WIFI, TV, Hifi system (+Airport), Micro-wave...), next to Boulevard Saint Germain, Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Odéon, you can find grocery stores, a market with french food products, laundry service, bars and restaurants.  Perfect to discover the city, you can stop there between two visits to change or rest. Extremely close to Metro 4 and 10, RER B and RER C, buses and public bikes. It consists of 1 living/dining room with bed (120x200) ,TV ,sofa, one fully equipped kitchen, (refrigerator, oven, crockery, vacuum cleaner etc), and one bathroom with washing machine, shower and toilet.  Internet Access & unlimited WiFi .  Linen & towels provided. Utilities included. 
15785	The apartment is on the 3rd floor. The entire apartment is double-glazed, which provides a very quiet place. This furnished apartment of 25 square meters for 4 persons is located on Quai des Grands Augustin, one bedroom apartment (double bed) and also a sofabed. The kitchen is open on the living room. The flat has one bathroom with a shower and toilet. Modern and luminous apartment. Very well located in the 7th with a beautiful view of Notre Dame de Paris.	This amazing apartment of 25 square meters for 4 persons with one bedroom is very well located a few steps from Notre Dame de Paris and Saint Michel.  The apartment is on the 3rd floor. The entire apartment is double-glazed, which provides a very quiet place. This furnished apartment of 25 square meters for 4 persons is located on Quai des Grands Augustin, one bedroom apartment (double bed) and also a sofabed. The kitchen is open on the living room. The flat has one bathroom with a shower and toilet. Modern and luminous apartment. Very well located in the 7th with a beautiful view of Notre Dame de Paris. The whole apartment over e-mail and phone This apartment is located in the 6th district, at few meters from Notre Dame de Paris and Saint Michel. You will easily use all the means of transport and enjoy shops and markets. Nearest Metros : Saint michel (line 4) and St Michel Notre Dame RER B station which is in front of the building (direct to Roissy and Orly). We get the principal adva
15786	Apartment to rent in Pariss of 30 m2. There is a main room with a leather settee and a table allowing two guests to have dinner. The bedroom is separated from the living room even if there is no real door between both. The kitchen is separate and entirely equipped. The bathroom has a shower. A fabulous Paris apartment to rent.	Charming small building of the 17th century that has been maintained very well. The Paris  apartment gives on a courtyard. You will not believe you are in the heart of Paris thanks to the peacefulness of his surroundings! Apartment to rent in Pariss of 30 m2. There is a main room with a leather settee and a table allowing two guests to have dinner. The bedroom is separated from the living room even if there is no real door between both. The kitchen is separate and entirely equipped. The bathroom has a shower. A fabulous Paris apartment to rent. Location : This apartment rental in Paris is in the heart of St Germain, only a few steps away from the Seine and the street of Buci. You cannot be better located to discover Paris! The closest subway stations are Odéon and St Michel. Standing : Charming small building of the 17th century that has been maintained very well. The Paris  apartment gives on a courtyard. You will not believe you are in the heart of Paris thanks to the peacefulness of
15787	une magnifique vue sur l'eglise de Saint Germain et sur les toits de Paris	An authentic Parisian apartment end design furniture to guarantee a wonderful stay in Paris, right next to the Jardin du Luxembourg in the 6th arrondissement, Rive Gauche, which is known for its cafés, restaurants and luxury shops. The apartment is situated in a house which dates from 145 but has all the modern amenities, including a W-FI connection. There's a lot of light and beautiful views thanks to the topmost floor. There is also a little marketand a boulangerie around the corner where you can buy your fresh morning croissants. Walking distance to the Latin quarters, Pantheon, Sorbonne and Notre Dame and good metro connections. Easy direct access from the airport, get off at at RER B station Luxembourg. Kitchen: -Electric plates -Owen -Coffee maker -Toaster -Dishes up to 6 people -Washing machine Bedroom - Queen bed (2 persons) Living room - Dinner table - Sofa (and a sofa bed for 1 person) - Flat screen TV Bath room - Hair dryer Bed linen and towels included! une magnifique vue s
15788	The apartment is on the second French floor or the third floor US of a typical Parisian house of the 17th century. The decor in contemporary style, combining  modern with antique in the decoration. Designed by the famous Parisian architect. The building is equipped with a lift.	Wonderful, clean, stylish apartment of 50 m2 in the heart of quarter Saint Germain des Pres.  The apartment is located in the small pedestrian street near Saint Germain Abbey, a few steps away from rue de Buci, famous cafés de Flore, Deux Magots, La Palette. 200 m from Seine and 300m from Pont Neuf. The apartment is on the second French floor or the third floor US of a typical Parisian house of the 17th century. The decor in contemporary style, combining  modern with antique in the decoration. Designed by the famous Parisian architect. The building is equipped with a lift. Apartment has a large living room with a leather sofa, coffee table, HD TV Loewe, blue ray player Loewe, CD player B&O and a arm-chair.  A large bedroom with a king size double bed and two built-in wardrobes. Fully equipped kitchen with an oven with ceramic hotplate, a microwave oven, a fridge,  dish-washing machine, coffee-machine Nespresso,  a sink and cosy nook for breakfast or to have a snack. The bathroom with a
15789	One bedroom Paris apartment located direcly in the heart of St. Germain, one of the most intriguing areas of Paris. Cafes, restaurants, art galleries, and Paris atmosphere are just some of the attributes that describe this location The apartment has been completely renovated, and all the interior is brand new. The owner has paid attention to detail and offers a very bright, calm and well designed apartment. The apartment is located 2 minutes away from Boulevard St. Germain and the pedestrian street rue de Buci. This apartment has a living area with lounge and dining table, Master bedroom with queen size bed, Sofa bed, Cable TV, DVD, Stereo with many dvd/cds. Bathroom with shower and sink Separate toilet Washing machine Telephone from which you can make local calls and receive calls worldwide WIFI access bring your own pc. linen, towels,hair dryer and iron, Fully equiped kitchen with quality appliances i.e. Washing machine, fridge and freezer, microwave, oven and ceramic hot plates, toa	One bedroom Paris apartment located direcly in the heart of St. Germain, one of the most intriguing areas of Paris. Cafes, restaurants, art galleries, and Paris atmosphere are just some of the attributes that describe this location The apartment has been completely renovated, and all the interior is brand new. The owner has paid attention to detail and offers a very bright, calm and well designed apartment. The apartment is located 2 minutes away from Boulevard St. Germain and the pedestrian street rue de Buci. This apartment has a living area with lounge and dining table, Master bedroom with queen size bed, Sofa bed, Cable TV, DVD, Stereo with many dvd/cds. Bathroom with shower and sink Separate toilet Washing machine Telephone from which you can make local calls and receive calls worldwide WIFI access bring your own pc. linen, towels,hair dryer and iron, Fully equiped kitchen with quality appliances i.e. Washing machine, fridge and freezer, microwave, oven and ceramic hot plates, toa
15790	The apartment is on the 5th floor, with a small elevator. Choose which room you like best! The room(s) are on the 6th floor,under the roof, with a lot of charm, although can be hot if there's a heat wave (fan provided but no air conditioning). Each room is not very large, with a single bed (one has a teen-aged bed, the other a matress on the floor, 120 cm large) and a desk (wifi access)	I'm renting a bedroom with a single bed in my apartment. Separate floor, with a shared access (under the roof). Dedicated bathroom with shower and toilet. Another room available too with a single matress on the (website hidden) works for 2! Lots of charm. The apartment is on the 5th floor, with a small elevator. Choose which room you like best! The room(s) are on the 6th floor,under the roof, with a lot of charm, although can be hot if there's a heat wave (fan provided but no air conditioning). Each room is not very large, with a single bed (one has a teen-aged bed, the other a matress on the floor, 120 cm large) and a desk (wifi access) You have access to your own bathroom. You can access the kitchen, using the fridge and all appliances. You can also access a washing machine, situated in my own bathroom. There's a TV in the living room, but it's currently not working: maybe you'll help fixing it? :-) I'm not very present due to long hours work, but would be happy to share an evening w
15791	Charming 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of the latin quarter. Right in the historical center of Paris, 50 yards from place Saint-Michel, it is on a quiet interior cobblestone, flowery courtyard. The apartment, very accessible on the ground floor, is located in a secure building with keycode and interphone. It can comfortably lodge up to 4 people, with a queen-sized bed in one bedroom and two individual beds in the other. Perfectly equipped with cable-TV, DVD, Stereo, Wide Band Internet Access, unlimited local phone and calls to the USA. It has a fully equipped integrated kitchen with dishwasher, laundry washer/dryer, microwave oven and vitro-ceramic cooking range, as well as iron and ironing board. This apartment is the ideal spot from which you can visit Paris. You will be located a few minutes' walk from the Seine River, the Panthéon, Notre-Dame de Paris, the Luxembourg Garden and within 100 yards from metro (underground rail) stations Saint-Michel and Odéon. You have direct access	Charming 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of the latin quarter. Right in the historical center of Paris, 2' from place Saint-Michel, it is on a quiet interior cobblestone, flowery courtyard. The apartment, very accessible on the ground floor.    Someone will be at the apartment upon the arrival and departure of each guest. We will also be available during their stay, should they need assistance for anything. One block from the Seine River.  Minimum stay duration is 5 nights
15792		 ideally located in the heart of Paris, near the garden of Luxembourg and Montparnasse station. Comfortable equiped studio located in a pleasant and convenient area of Paris, with a stunning south oriented balcony                I will personally welcome you at arrival and show you evrything you need to know I am available for any help or advice which could be asked before or during the stay Lots of shops, restaurants and bars down the building Entrance of the Luxembourg garden at 1mn walking Montparnasse train station or Luxembourg RER station, then métro Notre Dame des Champs
15793	Big apartment with 2 Berooms in the 6th district of Paris which can welcome 6 people. You can take advantage of a spacious and charming apartment situated in a quiet district. This apartment is situated in the ground floor , it is bright . There is a vast lounge modern . Here you will find a sofa bed for 2 more  people, a small table and television. There are two  separated bedrooms with double beds and arrangements to place your clothes . The kitchen is completely equipped with oven and microwaves. There is a dishwasher, oven, refrigerator. The bathroom is also spacious, you will find here a shower. Linen, toilet paper  and shower gel are provided. You are near the famous Luxembourg Yard of Paris, an historical place. For any other question don't hesitate to ask. Maxime and Anne-sophie.	Big apartment with 2 Berooms in the 6th district of Paris which can welcome 6 people. You can take advantage of a spacious and charming apartment situated in a quiet district. This apartment is situated in the ground floor , it is bright . There is a vast lounge modern . Here you will find a sofa bed for 2 more  people, a small table and television. There are two  separated bedrooms with double beds and arrangements to place your clothes . The kitchen is completely equipped with oven and microwaves. There is a dishwasher, oven, refrigerator. The bathroom is also spacious, you will find here a shower. Linen, toilet paper  and shower gel are provided. You are near the famous Luxembourg Yard of Paris, an historical place. For any other question don't hesitate to ask. Maxime and Anne-sophie. The flat is yours during your stay. You will be the only one to access the flat. During your stay you will have my number so you can get in touch with me at anytime if there is something wrong. Situate
15794	A hidden Parisian classic middle-age building, with exposed beams. A big 35m2 studio, very calm and comfortable with large windows overlooking 2 courtyards. In the very chic 6th arrondissement, Saint Germain des Prés, Pont des Arts, Louvre, Notre Dame de Paris, Quartier Latin in Saint Michel, Jardin du Luxembourg and Jardin des Tuileries are a short walk away. This large studio is perfectly suited to the visiting traveller or a mid-term stay.	In the very chic 6th arrondissement, Saint Germain des Prés, Odéon, Pont des Arts, Louvre, are a short walk away. In a middle-age style building, this large studio is perfectly suited to the visiting traveller or a mid-term stay.
15795	The Relay of Odeon  Ideally located very close to Saint Michel Subway and the RER train and nearby the Seine river, Quais des Grands Augustins on one side and the mythical Boulevard Saint Germain on the other side, in one of the more emblematic districts of old Paris, the 6th district.   Enjoy this cozy and calm apartment, entirely renovated by architect and totally equipped for 4 people.  It is composed of a living room with a convertible couch in a full size bed, a modern kitchen completely equipped with refrigerator; drying/ washing machine, microwave/ grill oven, coffee machine, kettle, toaster.  There is a comfortable full bed on Mezzanine, and a bathroom with a very wide shower and toilet.  Cupboards and (website hidden) has an HD TV set and Wi Fi access to Internet. Fresh towels as well as the linen and duvets are provided during the rental. That’s all you need to your quietly journey in Paris. It is a typical Parisian neighborhood, charming and safe atmosphere, surrounded by ca	 Ideally located very close to Metro Saint Michel  and RER train and nearby the Seine river, Quais des Grands Augustins on one side and the mythical Boulevard Saint Germain on the other side, in one of the most emblematic districts of old Paris.    The Relay of Odeon  Ideally located very close to Saint Michel Subway and the RER train and nearby the Seine river, Quais des Grands Augustins on one side and the mythical Boulevard Saint Germain on the other side, in one of the more emblematic districts of old Paris, the 6th district.   Enjoy this cozy and calm apartment, entirely renovated by architect and totally equipped for 4 people.  It is composed of a living room with a convertible couch in a full size bed, a modern kitchen completely equipped with refrigerator; drying/ washing machine, microwave/ grill oven, coffee machine, kettle, toaster.  There is a comfortable full bed on Mezzanine, and a bathroom with a very wide shower and toilet.  Cupboards and (website hidden) has an HD TV s
15796	Beautiful studio recently refurbished and designed by a designer. The apartment has a proper bathroom and kitchen. The sleep is a really comfortable sofa-bed with proper mattress. Located in the heart of Saint-Germain des Près, it's the perfect location for sightseeing and walks in Paris. 	Beautiful studio recently refurbished and designed by a designer. The apartment has a proper bathroom and kitchen. The sleep is a really comfortable sofa-bed with proper mattress. Located in the heart of Saint-Germain des Près, it's the perfect location for sightseeing and walks in Paris. Near the boulevard Saint-Germain, and its beautiful church.  The Luxembourg gardens are just few minutes walking. Easy metro access with the lines 4 and 10
15797	You will love this authentic Paresian apartment housed in a 17th century building in the heart of Paris. Stunning views of Notre Dame from a 2 bedroom/1 bath penthouse with complete accomodations and unique interior. Ideal location 1 minute away from the central Odéon metro station. Fully equiped kitchen with a refrigerator/freezer, electric stovetop, microwave, electric kettle, toaster and coffee machine. Two bedrooms:  One mezzanine under the roof, the other one is on the ground floor and has a desk. Possibility to add a double bed matress on the floor or for one or two extra guests. Other ammenities include an HD TV with international channels available, Wi-Fi, towels and bed linens.  Located 5 minutes away from Le Jardin du Luxembourg, and steps away from Cinema theaters, cafés, markets, bakeries & great restaurants.  Wake up to a sunrise over Notre Dame and then explore the  Latin Quarter, Pantheon, Sorbonne unirvesity, or the Jardin du Luxembourg. Metro: - Odéon on line 4 and lin	You will love this authentic Paresian apartment housed in a 17th century building in the heart of Paris. Stunning views of Notre Dame from a 2 bedroom/1 bath penthouse with complete accomodations and unique interior. Ideal location 1 minute away from the central Odéon metro station. Fully equiped kitchen with a refrigerator/freezer, electric stovetop, microwave, electric kettle, toaster and coffee machine. Two bedrooms:  One mezzanine under the roof, the other one is on the ground floor and has a desk. Possibility to add a double bed matress on the floor or for one or two extra guests. Other ammenities include an HD TV with international channels available, Wi-Fi, towels and bed linens.  Located 5 minutes away from Le Jardin du Luxembourg, and steps away from Cinema theaters, cafés, markets, bakeries & great restaurants.  Wake up to a sunrise over Notre Dame and then explore the  Latin Quarter, Pantheon, Sorbonne unirvesity, or the Jardin du Luxembourg. Metro: - Odéon on line 4 and lin
15798	The inner courtyard bathing in natural light will give you an ample and lovely impression of the charming atmosphere of this apartment... This recently renovated 30m2 apartment is fully equipped with: - confortable double bed in private corner room, - large sofa with high quality second double sleep in the living room (appropriated for 1 or 2 children), - large screen TV with many channels and international radios, - unlimited high speed wifi access. The modern kitchen is fully furnished; Nespresso machine with pods available, fridge with freezer, electric burners, cooking ustensils, glasses, dishes, silverware etc... everything you need for cooking and enjoying your french breakfast ;-) The contemporary bathroom has a large Italian shower, toilet and many storages.  We supply towels and sheets. Iron and ironing board, many wood handlebars are also available. Prices (in euros):  - per night: 150 euros - per week (7 nights): 900 euros	Delightful and calm studio located in the heart of Paris 6th, on the rue des Beaux-Arts, on the 1st French floor of a 19h century building. It sleeps 2 people and 1/2 additional people (sofa bed). Fully equipped with TV and unlimited high speed wifi. The inner courtyard bathing in natural light will give you an ample and lovely impression of the charming atmosphere of this apartment... This recently renovated 30m2 apartment is fully equipped with: - confortable double bed in private corner room, - large sofa with high quality second double sleep in the living room (appropriated for 1 or 2 children), - large screen TV with many channels and international radios, - unlimited high speed wifi access. The modern kitchen is fully furnished; Nespresso machine with pods available, fridge with freezer, electric burners, cooking ustensils, glasses, dishes, silverware etc... everything you need for cooking and enjoying your french breakfast ;-) The contemporary bathroom has a large Italian shower
15799	The warm and friendly space is ideal for those who want a quiet place to call home in the heart of the most vibrant area of Paris. We live close by so we will always be on hand tohelp out with a guests needs, be it an Itinerary, extra sheets or eating out advice Within walking distance of all the essential tourist sites (Notre Dame/île de cité a 15min walk/ Marais 15min walk). Some of the best bars and restaurants are located in this neighbourhood, and I would be more than happy to advise any guest on where to go. It is well connected to all the main transit lines. Metro station Odeon (Line 4 and 10) and Saint Michel (Line 4, RER B, RER C) are within a 2 min walk away. There is also a velib station located at the end of the street for those who want to cycle around Paris. 	30m2 studio is situated in the 6th arr in the fun and historic area of Saint Germain a few minutes walk from the Notre Dame, Marais, Ile St Louis, Latin quarter Bathroom with a tub washer- a well equipped kitchen for your cooking needs. Elevator The warm and friendly space is ideal for those who want a quiet place to call home in the heart of the most vibrant area of Paris. We live close by so we will always be on hand tohelp out with a guests needs, be it an Itinerary, extra sheets or eating out advice Within walking distance of all the essential tourist sites (Notre Dame/île de cité a 15min walk/ Marais 15min walk). Some of the best bars and restaurants are located in this neighbourhood, and I would be more than happy to advise any guest on where to go. It is well connected to all the main transit lines. Metro station Odeon (Line 4 and 10) and Saint Michel (Line 4, RER B, RER C) are within a 2 min walk away. There is also a velib station located at the end of the street for those who
15800	In the center of the famous historical area of St Germain des Près, between the seine and Odéon, this beautiful and precious studio is calm and pacify. Fifth floor, with larges steps.  Silence and sun (south) it'is a very pleasant place to live in Paris. This studio is composed: -kitchen with all things  for a good meal (micro wave oven...) -bathroom (hairdryer, saup, bathroom linen...) -valuum cleaner -laundry cupboard -heating 	In the center of the famous historical area of St Germain des Près, between the seine and Odéon, this beautiful and precious studio is calm and pacify. His good layout remind the traditional and authentical spirit of Paris. In the center of the famous historical area of St Germain des Près, between the seine and Odéon, this beautiful and precious studio is calm and pacify. Fifth floor, with larges steps.  Silence and sun (south) it'is a very pleasant place to live in Paris. This studio is composed: -kitchen with all things  for a good meal (micro wave oven...) -bathroom (hairdryer, saup, bathroom linen...) -valuum cleaner -laundry cupboard -heating Mythical and lively area with gallery, theater, muséum, cinéma, retaurants, market, shopping district, gardens... Aéroport Charles de Gaulle RER  B: direction station St-Michel (41minutes) 5 minutes to the studio. Metro : Odéon line 4 et 10 ; Mabillon line 10  Bus : 87 N12 N(phone number hidden) The check in is ence;  14:00 pm     and the ch
15801		.This sunny  A/C flat is newly (email hidden)eps from Luxembourg Garden,Montparnasse,you'll find restaurants and shopping around. You can join Versailles within 25min. Ideal for family ,fitting 6 persons,the space has been shaped as in a boat. 
15802	A cosy and original appartment, located in the center close to Notre Dame and quartier latin, quiet and easy to access, first floor on a courtyard. All equipments required : TVHD, wifi 100M, cabasse bluetooth speakers, minibathtub, a nice classic wood floor, king size bed, all ambiance design lamp with remote control. Anything you need just ask. 	Une pièce à vivre très haute de plafond sur une cour calme (lit king size, TVHD, ventilateur au plafond). Une cuisine équipée four/four micro-ondes et deux plaques à induction Une salle d'eau avec chauffe serviette, lavabo, petite baignoire et WC. A cosy and original appartment, located in the center close to Notre Dame and quartier latin, quiet and easy to access, first floor on a courtyard. All equipments required : TVHD, wifi 100M, cabasse bluetooth speakers, minibathtub, a nice classic wood floor, king size bed, all ambiance design lamp with remote control. Anything you need just ask. you got acces to all the appartment of course (the main room, the kitchen and the bathroom). If i can't help you i will have warned professional people to take care of anything you need. No need to introduce that part of town. It's the best one to be for tourists. Crazy beautifull typicall Paris architecture and close to everything, easyest to access and very safe too. close to tons of public transpor
15803	Situé dans un charmant immeuble du début du 19ème siècle, avec un sol en bois d'origine, de hauts plafonds, beaucoup de soleil à venir à travers cinq fenêtres ... C'est un paradis très confortable dans la plus belle ville du monde ....	Situé dans un charmant immeuble du début du 19ème siècle, avec un sol en bois d'origine, de hauts plafonds, beaucoup de soleil à venir à travers cinq fenêtres ... C'est un paradis très confortable dans la plus belle ville du monde .... trois minutes à pied du métro Saint-Germain-des-Prés Dans les cinq et dix minutes de marche, vous avez; Louvre, Jardin Tuilleries, Pont des Arts, La Seine, Pont Neuf, Acadamie Francais, Ecole des Beaux Arts, Lauduree, Louis Vitton, Cafe Flore, Deux Margots, Eglise Saint Germain des Pres, Luxembourg Jardins, Eglise Saint Sulpice,quelques-uns des meilleurs bars et restaurants dans tout Paris Metro Saint Germain des Pres, Bus 95,39, taxi... C'est un plat très confortable pour une petite famille de trois
15804	"Unique : 33 m2 (355 sq ft.) flat in front of Pont Neuf, 10 meters from Seine river (direct view), in Saint-Germain-des-Pres neighbourhood (famous for jazz bars, art galleries, romantic restaurants,...), 2 min walk to Louvre museum, less than 15 min walk to most Paris mustsee sightseeings. The perfect place to discover and feel Paris ! 1st floor of an historical building (1658), on the banks of Seine river. Full equiped flat : kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave, stoves, coffee maker,...) , toilets, bathroom, Wifi, 40"" LED TV, music system, washing machine,... The place fits 2 comfortably (there is an optional bed if needed). All bed linen and towels are provided. I provide also a guide I wrote especially (maps, tips, ideas,...). The neighbourhood is just the best in Paris : many restaurants, bars, convenience stores, museums, art galleries, nice walks on the Seine banks, jogging, ""boule"" playing in the 30 seconds away Place Dauphine. Note that this is the place I usually live in and, as a"	"Unique : 33 m2 flat in front of Pont Neuf, 10 meters from Seine river (direct view), in Saint-Germain-des-Pres neighbourhood, 2 min walk to Louvre museum, less than 15 min walk to most Paris mustsee sightseeings. The place to feel and discover Paris! Unique : 33 m2 (355 sq ft.) flat in front of Pont Neuf, 10 meters from Seine river (direct view), in Saint-Germain-des-Pres neighbourhood (famous for jazz bars, art galleries, romantic restaurants,...), 2 min walk to Louvre museum, less than 15 min walk to most Paris mustsee sightseeings. The perfect place to discover and feel Paris ! 1st floor of an historical building (1658), on the banks of Seine river. Full equiped flat : kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave, stoves, coffee maker,...) , toilets, bathroom, Wifi, 40"" LED TV, music system, washing machine,... The place fits 2 comfortably (there is an optional bed if needed). All bed linen and towels are provided. I provide also a guide I wrote especially (maps, tips, ideas,...). The neighbour"
15805	This spacious apartment is located in a fantastic location! The elevator takes you to the second floor where you will enter the apartment. Facing from East to West, you are offered multiple views of the Luxembourg gardens and its greenery , from the windows,  from both the living room and separated dining room. As you enter the apartment, you are welcomed with the entrance hall, where the main living room and dining area are located to your right. Once you pass through the entrance hall, the hallway leads to this apartments' bedrooms. The master bedroom is well-insulated and is a large open bedroom, perfect for two adults, with an elegant wooden floor. The double bed measures 160cm. The second bedroom, further down the hallway, has a double bed which measures 140 X 190 cm. The third bedroom has two single beds (for either two adults or two children) and a sofa (which can be used as a child's bed). The kitchen is located at the end of the hallway and is equipped with everything you shou	This spacious apartment boasts multiple views of the Luxembourg gardens and greenery, perfect for a family relocation in Paris, in a prestigious district close to the best schools of the city This spacious apartment is located in a fantastic location! The elevator takes you to the second floor where you will enter the apartment. Facing from East to West, you are offered multiple views of the Luxembourg gardens and its greenery , from the windows,  from both the living room and separated dining room. As you enter the apartment, you are welcomed with the entrance hall, where the main living room and dining area are located to your right. Once you pass through the entrance hall, the hallway leads to this apartments' bedrooms. The master bedroom is well-insulated and is a large open bedroom, perfect for two adults, with an elegant wooden floor. The double bed measures 160cm. The second bedroom, further down the hallway, has a double bed which measures 140 X 190 cm. The third bedroom has tw
15806	Very lively immediate environment with all shops needed for your daily needs.  On foot, a few minutes away from Saint-Germain des Prés and all fashion boutiques. Le Bon Marché is very close with all designer and cosmetics brands. Metro : Saint-Placide, Rennes, Vaneau, Duroc. The perfect stay for a couple in Paris.	The privilege of the address rue du Cherche Midi with the Rive Gauche spirit, near le Bon Marché and designers boutiques.  Incredible architect house on a peaceful court, just renovated.  Designer furnitures. Home cinema. American kitchen. Bathroom with shower. Charming mezzanine as a bedroom.  Metros.
15807	Beautifully furnished, elegant and modern apartment in the heart of St. Germain des Pres 75006 (capacity Up to 7 people ). The flat ( 900 sq ft ) is composed of a large, very quiet bedroom with king size bed, closet, LED TV with HD cable, a living room / dining ( dining table for 6 to 8 people) ) with a double convertible sofa bed. The second bedroom has a queen size bed, with a desk and single day bed. High-speed wifi with free international phone calls. The kitchen is fully equipped with dishwasher, gas / stove oven and washing machine/dryer. The bathroom has a shower with bathtub with separate WC. Weekly cleaning person available. Short term and long term rentals are welcome. Starting at 350 Euros per night  or at 2400 per week. Long term rental is possible with negotiable price. There are plenty of restaurants, bars, coffee shops, stores, art galleries, historical monuments, museums surrounding.  The closest metro stations are Saint-Germain-Des-Prés ( line M4) and Mabillon ( line M	Beautifully furnished, elegant and modern apartment in the heart of St. Germain des Pres 75006 (capacity Up to 7 people ). The flat ( 900 sq ft ) is composed of a large, very quiet bedroom with king size bed, closet, LED TV with HD cable, a living room / dining ( dining table for 6 to 8 people) ) with a double convertible sofa bed. The second bedroom has a queen size bed, with a desk and single day bed. High-speed wifi with free international phone calls. The kitchen is fully equipped with dishwasher, gas / stove oven and washing machine/dryer. The bathroom has a shower with bathtub with separate WC. Weekly cleaning person available. Short term and long term rentals are welcome. Starting at 350 Euros per night  or at 2400 per week. Long term rental is possible with negotiable price. There are plenty of restaurants, bars, coffee shops, stores, art galleries, historical monuments, museums surrounding.  The closest metro stations are Saint-Germain-Des-Prés ( line M4) and Mabillon ( line M
15808	Situated in the heart of Paris, in an animated neighbourhood full of charm, this quiet bright duplex is at the bottom of an attractive flowery courtyard. We would imagine in a small house at the countryside. You enter in a big friendly lounge with an American-style kitchen. There is a small privative courtyard where you can eat!  There are 2 comfortable rooms upstairs: the parental one with a double bed and the other with 2 separate beds which can become an only big bed. (There is a futon for additional bed if need.) You have a bathroom below with a shower and one upstairs with a bathtub. 	Situated in the heart of Paris, in an animated neighbourhood full of charm, this quiet bright duplex is at the bottom of an attractive flowery courtyard. We would imagine in a small house at the countryside. Situated in the heart of Paris, in an animated neighbourhood full of charm, this quiet bright duplex is at the bottom of an attractive flowery courtyard. We would imagine in a small house at the countryside. You enter in a big friendly lounge with an American-style kitchen. There is a small privative courtyard where you can eat!  There are 2 comfortable rooms upstairs: the parental one with a double bed and the other with 2 separate beds which can become an only big bed. (There is a futon for additional bed if need.) You have a bathroom below with a shower and one upstairs with a bathtub. The garden of the Luxembourg (beautiful famous garden) is situated at 3 minutes walking from the house. You have inside a children area, beautiful spaces lined with trees, flowers,lawns... a footb
15809	The apartment is bright, calm and cosy. The living room has a 3m high ceiling with the bedroom and bathroom on a mezzanine upstairs. 	Cosy french style apartment fully equipped with mezzanine with kitchen and a  living room downstairs with the bedroom and bathroom upstairs.
15810	50 m2 dans le 6ème arrondissement : rue notre dame des champs. à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg,, de Montparnasse, du Bon Marché ou de Saint Germain des Prés Métro Rennes ou St SPlacidee Composé de 3 pièces : une cuisine américaine, un salon et 1 chambre double Une salle de bains  Avec la possibilité d’un lit d’appoint pour 1 personne dans le salon Commodités : Wifi machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge,  	50 m2 dans le 6ème arrondissement : rue notre dame des champs. à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg,, de Montparnasse, du Bon Marché ou de Saint Germain des Prés Métro Rennes ou St SPlacidee Composé de 3 pièces : une cuisine américaine, un salon et 1 chambre double Une salle de bains  Avec la possibilité d’un lit d’appoint pour 1 personne dans le salon Commodités : Wifi machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge,  
15811	This lovely first floor apartment contains: 3 bedrooms, 3 king size beds, one air bed for one person if you want, well equipped kitchen (oven, microwave oven, vitro ceramic plates, cooker hood, toaster, kettle, Nespresso machine, dish-washer etc…) with a nice view on the yard. There is one bathroom with a bathtub, a shower, and a washing machine. There is another shower in the first bedroom, and 2 toilets. There is WiFI, TV, and DVD player. Of course, you will have clean towels, sheets, and soap.	As an authentic Haussman apartment, you will walk on an old hardwood floor, and see pretty moldings on the ceilings. In addition, you will be in front of the amazing church Saint-Joseph-des-Carmes. Such a nice view!
15812		superbe atelier d'artiste en duplex à côté du jardin du Luxembourg, de la fondation Cartier et du quartier animé de Montparnasse. l'appartement est fonctionnel, lumineux et très calme car donnant sur cours.
15813	Renovated, but with original elements 17th century apartment, located in the heart of Paris 6th, some of the most lively and interesting paris neibourhoods. Very well maintained, clean and tidy. Elevator, 3rd floor, close to Luxembourg gardens, Odeon theater, movie theaters, galleries, cafés & restaurants.	Beautiful 17th century apartment, High cielings, Big Windows on bd. Saint-Germain. Fully equipied. Elevator. 3rd floor. 5 min walking distance from the Luxembourg Gardens, Saint-Germain Daily Market, supermarkets and fun places. Very calm. 1,5 BDR. Renovated, but with original elements 17th century apartment, located in the heart of Paris 6th, some of the most lively and interesting paris neibourhoods. Very well maintained, clean and tidy. Elevator, 3rd floor, close to Luxembourg gardens, Odeon theater, movie theaters, galleries, cafés & restaurants. In addition to all nécessary amenities for a comfortable stay , Guests have access to a book and films library. We are available by phone or email 24/24h. We would love to share our favourite places and interesting things to do in the neibourhood. Just let us know you are interested. The Odéon area is the new trendy area of -paris rive gauche-. A mix between locals and tourists this neibourhood proposes a population with kind manners, good
15814	Rent this generously outlined 1 bedroom rue Guisarde. The apartment is located next to the Marché Saint Germain in the heart of Saint-Germain des Pres.  Patrick and I grew up in the area and happened to meet here again - decades after - to fall in love, will host you with expertise and pleasure. We have been in the hotel rental business and renovation of old houses all our lives and are passionate about excellence of service.  NOTE: we also owns two other flats rue des Canettes and rue Princesse in Saint-Germain des Pres, which are just a short 2 minutes walk away. Together, these 3 properties will accommodate up to 18 persons. About this Paris rental: the apartment has a big bedroom which gives on a quiet terrace. The comfortable bed is king size and there is plenty of storage.  The living-room has a sleeper sofa for two and a sleeper sofa for one. There is a big oak-wood table allowing for French dinners for 6-8 persons.  The American kitchen is fully equipped for gourmet cuisine and	Rent this generously outlined 1 bedroom rue Guisarde. The apartment is located next to the Marché Saint Germain in the heart of Saint-Germain des Pres.  Patrick and I grew up in the area and happened to meet here again - decades after - to fall in love, will host you with expertise and pleasure. We have been in the hotel rental business and renovation of old houses all our lives and are passionate about excellence of service.  NOTE: we also owns two other flats rue des Canettes and rue Princesse in Saint-Germain des Pres, which are just a short 2 minutes walk away. Together, these 3 properties will accommodate up to 18 persons. About this Paris rental: the apartment has a big bedroom which gives on a quiet terrace. The comfortable bed is king size and there is plenty of storage.  The living-room has a sleeper sofa for two and a sleeper sofa for one. There is a big oak-wood table allowing for French dinners for 6-8 persons.  The American kitchen is fully equipped for gourmet cuisine and
15815	This refined apartment in duplex is located on the rue Dauphine, just in front of the Pont-Neuf and Quai des Grands-Augustins, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. Close to the River Seine and the Latin Quartier, it is in the center of Paris in the middle of many antique stores and many galleries. On the ground floor on the court side, this just renovated apartment can accommodate four guests and is perfect for a family stay or with friends !  This apartment of about 36 square meters (387.50 ft²) features a living room, a dining area with a dining table and chairs for 4, an open plan kitchen and a beautiful wooden floor. The elegant and modern furniture includes a convertible sofa (140x190 centimeters), two small glass coffee tables, many storage next to the custom staircase, a closet, a large TV set with cable TV and internet in Wi-Fi. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave, an oven, a fridge, baking trays, washing machine, coffee machine, dish	Lovely apartment in duplex located rue Dauphine, in front of the Pont-Neuf and the Seine River in 6th arrondissement. Ground floor on the court side. Just fully renovated with bedroom & bathroom on mezzanine. Perfect location next to Ile de la Cité! This refined apartment in duplex is located on the rue Dauphine, just in front of the Pont-Neuf and Quai des Grands-Augustins, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. Close to the River Seine and the Latin Quartier, it is in the center of Paris in the middle of many antique stores and many galleries. On the ground floor on the court side, this just renovated apartment can accommodate four guests and is perfect for a family stay or with friends !  This apartment of about 36 square meters (387.50 ft²) features a living room, a dining area with a dining table and chairs for 4, an open plan kitchen and a beautiful wooden floor. The elegant and modern furniture includes a convertible sofa (140x190 centimeters), two small glas
15816		Adorable studio in full heart of Paris, just renovated. Located in the middle of the Latin Quarter, rue Saint André des Arts. A minute walk to Notre-Dame church, la Seine and St Michel subway station. It is the ideal place to enjoy a nice voyage to Paris!
15817	2 rooms appartment on the 2nd floor located in the heart of Montparnasse, Fully equipped with high speed wireless internet, large Plasma TV screen, cable TV, washing machine/dryer and oven. Subway 1 mn on foot and Luxembourg parc 10 mns on foot.  2 rooms appartment in the heart of Montparnasse. Full equipped kitchen, Queen size bed + 1 extra sofa bed, Large bathroom with bathtube & hair dryer.  Bed sheets, fresh towels, shampoo and soap will be provided. Building is a very nice art deco building with digicode and concierge who provides a maximum cleanliness and security to the whole building. 5 minutes on foot from Montparnasse railway station, 10 minutes on foot from Luxembourg parc and 1 minute on foot from 2 subway stations (Edgar Quinet & Montparnasse Bienvenue). Lots of restaurants, grocery stores and movie theaters around. Monoprix grocery store 5 minutes on foot opened from 9 AM to 9 PM. Access to wireless high speed internet, DVD player, cable TV (French, English, Russian, Germ	2 rooms appartment on the 2nd floor located in the heart of Montparnasse, Fully equipped with high speed wireless internet, large Plasma TV screen, cable TV, washing machine/dryer and oven. 2 Subways 1 mn on foot and Luxembourg parc 10 mns on foot. 2 rooms appartment on the 2nd floor located in the heart of Montparnasse, Fully equipped with high speed wireless internet, large Plasma TV screen, cable TV, washing machine/dryer and oven. Subway 1 mn on foot and Luxembourg parc 10 mns on foot.  2 rooms appartment in the heart of Montparnasse. Full equipped kitchen, Queen size bed + 1 extra sofa bed, Large bathroom with bathtube & hair dryer.  Bed sheets, fresh towels, shampoo and soap will be provided. Building is a very nice art deco building with digicode and concierge who provides a maximum cleanliness and security to the whole building. 5 minutes on foot from Montparnasse railway station, 10 minutes on foot from Luxembourg parc and 1 minute on foot from 2 subway stations (Edgar Quinet 
15818	Located on the 5th floor of a nice buillding equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The main room of the Paris apartment rental leads to a balcony overlooking Brea Street, which is a quiet street. This charming 25sqm apartment rental in Paris has a main room, a fitted kitchen a bathroom and separate toilets. The entrance gives on a small corridor leading to all the rooms. The main room features a sofabed where two people can sleep (140×200). An  elegant folding wooden table has been installed against the wall. You can use it to accommodate two people or you can leave it against the wall if you don’t use it. The windows open on a lovely balcony. It also features a large built-in wardrobe where you will be able to store your clothes and your luggage. The bathroom is lovely, featureing a walk-in shower. The toilet is in a separate room, just opposite the bathroom. The fitted kitchen also has a folding table with two stools that won’t	Charming 25sqm studio apartment in Paris to rent for two people, located in the 6th district between Montparnasse and the Luxembourg Garden. Perfect location to discover Paris and the Left Bank by foot. Located on the 5th floor of a nice buillding equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The main room of the Paris apartment rental leads to a balcony overlooking Brea Street, which is a quiet street. This charming 25sqm apartment rental in Paris has a main room, a fitted kitchen a bathroom and separate toilets. The entrance gives on a small corridor leading to all the rooms. The main room features a sofabed where two people can sleep (140×200). An  elegant folding wooden table has been installed against the wall. You can use it to accommodate two people or you can leave it against the wall if you don’t use it. The windows open on a lovely balcony. It also features a large built-in wardrobe where you will be able to store your clothes 
15819	Adorable welcoming and cozy room in good area, 2 steps from the Luxembourg Garden (6th arrondissement). Very central, it sleeps 2 people in a very quiet street. C'est un studio, avec chambre, kitchenette et douche comprise. Les toilettes sont dans le couloir, partagé avec 2 autres studio qui sont dans ce couloir, mais elles sont propres! This is a studio with bedroom (real double bed), kitchenette and shower included. The toilet are in the hallway, shared with two other studio who are in this hall, but they are clean!	Adorable chambre accueillante et douillette dans très bon quartier, à 2 pas du Jardin du Luxembourg (6eme arrondissement). Très central, il peut accueillir 2 personnes dans rue très calme.  Adorable welcoming and cozy room in good area, 2 steps from the Luxembourg Garden (6th arrondissement). Very central, it sleeps 2 people in a very quiet street. C'est un studio, avec chambre, kitchenette et douche comprise. Les toilettes sont dans le couloir, partagé avec 2 autres studio qui sont dans ce couloir, mais elles sont propres! This is a studio with bedroom (real double bed), kitchenette and shower included. The toilet are in the hallway, shared with two other studio who are in this hall, but they are clean! Les metros les plus proches sont Notre Dames des Champs ( ligne 12 ), Vavin ( ligne 4 ) ou RER B Port Royal. The nearest metros are Notre Dames des Champs ( line 12 ) , Vavin ( line 4 ) or RER B Port Royal. 
15820	Completely redone in 2014, this luminous & spacious apartment is perfect for a couple wanting to spend a romantic time in the heart of Paris.	"In the heart of Paris, this fully equipped 37m2 luminous ""love nest"" under the roof, redone in 2014, with a cosy bedroom with a kingsize bed, a marble bathroom, and a very spacious living room shared with a huge kitchen (washing machine & dishwasher) Completely redone in 2014, this luminous & spacious apartment is perfect for a couple wanting to spend a romantic time in the heart of Paris. Metro Saint Sulpice / Saint Germain (Line 4) Metro Mabillon  (line 10) Metro Sevres Babylone (Line 12 - 10) Buses (phone number hidden) Just checking in if you are doing fine and if you have any questions you can call I won't be far! The 6th Arrondissmement of Paris, in the heart of the latin district, one of the most beautiful places to be living in, where anything is at a 10 minutes walk, the best boulangeries, museums, galleries and most famous cafés like the ""Flore"" and ""Les 2 Magots"" in front of St Germains-des-Près church. And If you want to venture further in Paris, you can find 3 metro lines "
15821	The apartment looks and feels great.  Perfect to stay in this chic and alive area.  Good taste decoration and equipment  Near the so beautiful garden that you cross in a few minutes to go shopping or to Latin Quarter, Notre Dame, Le Louvre, St Germain.	Beautiful one bedroom at the gates of the Luxembourg Garden. Lovely decoration and pleasant atmosphere to stay in the best part of the 6th quite near St Germain and Latin Quarter.  Well equipped, nice area with lots of restaurants and cafes or shops The apartment looks and feels great.  Perfect to stay in this chic and alive area.  Good taste decoration and equipment  Near the so beautiful garden that you cross in a few minutes to go shopping or to Latin Quarter, Notre Dame, Le Louvre, St Germain. well equipped kitchen  a washer dryer.  wi fi and cable TV.  Key upon arrival along with check in.  Permanent contact if necessary.  The neighborhood is a mixture of cosiness, tradition, chic and young, shopping street of Vavin. also excellent and most famous Brasseries such as Rotonde, La Coupole, Dôme Bar à Huitres, etc..   The Garden is wonderful.  metro Vavin, Notre Dame des Champs,  buses. RER on St Michel direct to Gare du Nord, Charles de Gaulle or Orly airports.  There is a particular
15822	This charming 40m² apartment is located in the heart of the historic 6th district in Paris. At the 3rd floor with elevator, it has two double bedrooms and a single bedroom, a large fully equipped kitchen, a beautiful bathroom with separate toilets. Ideal for couples with their children, or a group of friends wishing to discover the real Paris. Linens, towels and professional cleaning, before and after your stay, are all included in the rent. Amenities Elevator Washing machine Dryer Washer/Dryer Iron Ironing board Cable/Satellite TV TV Stereo CD Player Telephone High-speed Internet WiFi Oven Microwave Stove Coffee maker Dishwasher Refrigerator Freezer Vitro ceramic Toaster Water kettle Kitchen utensils provided Highchair Air-conditioning Shower Towels provided Hair dryer Separate WC Children Area Description The Luxembourg district is a true place for culture and meeting people. Vital organ of the left bank situated high up, the Luxembourg district is one of the most famous and most pop	This charming 40m² apartment is located in the heart of the historic 6th district in Paris. At the 3rd floor with elevator, it has two double bedrooms and a single bedroom, a large fully equipped kitchen, a beautiful bathroom with separate toilets. Ideal for couples with their children, or a group of friends wishing to discover the real Paris. Linens, towels and professional cleaning, before and after your stay, are all included in the rent. Amenities Elevator Washing machine Dryer Washer/Dryer Iron Ironing board Cable/Satellite TV TV Stereo CD Player Telephone High-speed Internet WiFi Oven Microwave Stove Coffee maker Dishwasher Refrigerator Freezer Vitro ceramic Toaster Water kettle Kitchen utensils provided Highchair Air-conditioning Shower Towels provided Hair dryer Separate WC Children Area Description The Luxembourg district is a true place for culture and meeting people. Vital organ of the left bank situated high up, the Luxembourg district is one of the most famous and most pop
15823	Très bien situé à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg, proche commerce et plusieurs métros. Il y a deux autres locataires. Chacun aura sa clé. Accès local poubelle avec code. 1er étage.	1 chambre meublée avec un canapé lit 2 places, parquet, cheminée, 1 fenêtre. à deux pas de St Sulpice, St Germain des Près,  Montparnasse, du jardin du Luxembourg! Cuisine équipée, machine à laver.  Proche commerces et métros St Sulpice, Rennes. Très bien situé à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg, proche commerce et plusieurs métros. Il y a deux autres locataires. Chacun aura sa clé. Accès local poubelle avec code. 1er étage. Entrée, wc, cuisine, salle de bain joignable par mail, whats'app, sms. accès métro 4 St Sulpice à 30 secondes, metro 12 Rennes ou  métro 10 et 12 à Sèvres Babylonne. gare montparnasse à 12 min à pied. bus en face de l'immeuble. station vélib à deux pas.
15824	Studio apartment ideal for 3 people (with an extra mattress that can easily be added for a 4th person) , very quiet and luminous, with a charming terrace on the roofs of Paris.   Located iat Saint Germain des prés, on the rue St-André-des-Arts between St-Michel and Odéon, you will find many good local restaurants as well as all amenities necessary. The best movie theaters are within a 10 minute walk.  The nearest banks of the Seine are 5 minutes away walking distance, right between the island City and Notre-Dame, and the Louvre, nearby the legendary island of St-Louis.  Fully furnished and equipped:  - Open kitchen with all the utensils to cook, plus a microwave,stove, dishwasher, washer-dryer, a kettle, Coffee… - Very cozy lounge with TV, internet wifi, speaker, headphone jack for Smartphone or Ipod - Sleep: a queen bed (1.40 wide) and 1 single beds (+ a mattress on the floor for a fourth person) - Bathroom: a shower room Hammam style, hair dryer - On the 4th and last floor with no el	Studio apartment ideal for 3 people (with an extra mattress that can easily be added for a 4th person) , very quiet and luminous, with a charming terrace on the roofs of Paris.   Located iat Saint Germain des prés, on the rue St-André-des-Arts between St-Michel and Odéon, you will find many good local restaurants as well as all amenities necessary. The best movie theaters are within a 10 minute walk.  The nearest banks of the Seine are 5 minutes away walking distance, right between the island City and Notre-Dame, and the Louvre, nearby the legendary island of St-Louis.  Fully furnished and equipped:  - Open kitchen with all the utensils to cook, plus a microwave,stove, dishwasher, washer-dryer, a kettle, Coffee… - Very cozy lounge with TV, internet wifi, speaker, headphone jack for Smartphone or Ipod - Sleep: a queen bed (1.40 wide) and 1 single beds (+ a mattress on the floor for a fourth person) - Bathroom: a shower room Hammam style, hair dryer - On the 4th and last floor with no el
15825		"Je reste bien entendu à la disposition des voyageurs pour toutes questions ou suggestions le jour de la réception ou même au cours du séjour si besoin dans la mesure de mes disponibilités. Parisien depuis toujours, je me ferait un plaisir d'orienter les touristes vers les différents centres d'intérêts de la capitale et de ses environs (musées, parcs, restaurants, manifestations sportives...) Au pied de la tour montparnasse. Quartier très vivant. Tous commerces (supermarché, restaurants, cinémas, galeries lafayette, centre commercial de la tour montparnasse...) Bar/Restaurant avec vue panoramique au dernier étage de la tour montparnasse. 10min à pied du jardin du luxembourg Par avion :  - Aéroport Roissy Charles De Gaulle : récuperer le rer B (directement dans l'aéroport) et aller jusqu'à la station Chatelet - Les Halles puis prendre la ligne 4 en direction de mairie de Montrouge jusqu'à la station Montparnasse Bienvenüe (sortie 5 = boulevard du montparnasse) - Orly : récupérer le bus """
15826	Your “pied-à-terre” in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, rue de Buci ! Culture, Shopping and Cuisine. This apartment is located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, the most fashionable address in Paris. It is perfect for up to 4 people willing to discover Paris from an exceptional location which will make them dream for long. Constantly animated by an irrepressible lust for life, Saint-Germain-des-Pres has long been considered the city’s cultural heart, meeting point for existentialists, painters, writers, university professors, etc. The names of Baudelaire, Hugo, Musset, Picasso, Sartre, and Eluard are amongst the many associated with its past and have made this area historically renowned. With its legendary bistros, brasseries and jazz clubs, Saint-Germain-des-Prés is the pivotal crossroad between the Latin Quarter, the Invalides, the Louvre and the Luxembourg Gardens. It also offers top fashion disigners’ boutiques such as Yves St. Laurent, Givenchy, Dior, Rykiel, Lacroix, Ar	Your “pied-à-terre” in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, rue de Buci ! Culture, Shopping and Cuisine. This apartment is located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, the most fashionable address in Paris. It is perfect for up to 4 people willing to discover Paris from an exceptional location which will make them dream for long. Constantly animated by an irrepressible lust for life, Saint-Germain-des-Pres has long been considered the city’s cultural heart, meeting point for existentialists, painters, writers, university professors, etc. The names of Baudelaire, Hugo, Musset, Picasso, Sartre, and Eluard are amongst the many associated with its past and have made this area historically renowned. With its legendary bistros, brasseries and jazz clubs, Saint-Germain-des-Prés is the pivotal crossroad between the Latin Quarter, the Invalides, the Louvre and the Luxembourg Gardens. It also offers top fashion disigners’ boutiques such as Yves St. Laurent, Givenchy, Dior, Rykiel, Lacroix, Ar
15827	Living like a real Parisian for a few days! The building is typical from the 6th disctrict as one of the historical center of Paris with wooden stairs. The flat is also very typical with nice wooden floor and a great view on Saint sulpice church!	In the heart of Saint Germains des Pres with a view on Saint Sulpice church, the flat is cosy and well equiped for a 2p stay. The neighboor is fantastic with lots of fashion shops, café & typical french restaurant. Also well connected to transports Living like a real Parisian for a few days! The building is typical from the 6th disctrict as one of the historical center of Paris with wooden stairs. The flat is also very typical with nice wooden floor and a great view on Saint sulpice church! Full flat I can help you to organize your trip to Paris : please ask :)  I will also provide you my list of top places to eat and drink around the apartment. The apartment is located in the center of Paris, rue Saint Sulpice in the Saint Germain area, one of the most popular place in Paris. Very trendy, with many fashion boutiques, this area also offers plenty of cafes, restaurants and typical french food stores (grocery, bakery, wine store, cheese store). It is a place where Parisians like to meet 
15828	Enter from the world-famous Boulevard Saint-Germain, and you are there! This chic ground and 1st floor duplex Paris apartment is has just been fully re-furbished, and is located in an historic cobble-stone lane way. It's decorated and furnished in a rustic French style - in other words: it's gorgeous. So is the view from your window-side banquette where you'll see the oldest cafe in Paris, Le Procope, founded in 1684 - Napoleon loved it, so will you! Did we mention the apartment is located in the very heart of the Paris' arts district? It's where many famous writers and artists - including Picasso, Matisse and Hemingway - called home. And now, during your next Paris trip, so can you. À bientôt!	This chic ground floor duplex Paris apartment in a cobbled lane, near metro stations and Blvd St Germain is gorgeous! So is the view! Paris' oldest cafe is opposite - Napoleon loved it! Famous writers also called the area home. Now so can you!    Enter from the world-famous Boulevard Saint-Germain, and you are there! This chic ground and 1st floor duplex Paris apartment is has just been fully re-furbished, and is located in an historic cobble-stone lane way. It's decorated and furnished in a rustic French style - in other words: it's gorgeous. So is the view from your window-side banquette where you'll see the oldest cafe in Paris, Le Procope, founded in 1684 - Napoleon loved it, so will you! Did we mention the apartment is located in the very heart of the Paris' arts district? It's where many famous writers and artists - including Picasso, Matisse and Hemingway - called home. And now, during your next Paris trip, so can you. À bientôt! You have Paris at your doorstep. And because this
15829	This 480 sq ft (44 square meters) spacious, sunny, charming and fully equipped with everything you need apartment is the perfect place to call home and live like a local while enjoying Paris. The apartment comes equipped with linens, towels, bedding, dishware, cookware, ustensils, cutlery, basic kitchen appliances, ironing board and iron. It will be professionally cleaned prior to your arrival. THE APARTMENT / FLAT  :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  - ONE LIVING ROOM OPEN ON A BEDROOM - Comfortable Queen sized bed   - Clean sheets provided - 42’UHDTV  - Superfast WIFI and Fiber access (we provide you with a RJ45 ) - Large windows with lots of sunlight  - Iron wih ironing board ONE BATHROOM - Fresh bath towels and toiletries provided - You will find also nice soap and shampoo ONE KITCHEN  - Fully stocked kitchen for cooking	Welcome to the very best area in Paris! Live like a real Parisian! You are literary right smack in the center of everything that Paris has to offer.  Located in a historical and vibrant place next to Notre Dame and  one-minute walk to the metro. This 480 sq ft (44 square meters) spacious, sunny, charming and fully equipped with everything you need apartment is the perfect place to call home and live like a local while enjoying Paris. The apartment comes equipped with linens, towels, bedding, dishware, cookware, ustensils, cutlery, basic kitchen appliances, ironing board and iron. It will be professionally cleaned prior to your arrival. THE APARTMENT / FLAT  :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  - ONE LIVING ROOM OPEN ON A BEDROOM - Comfortable Queen sized bed   - Clean sheets provided - 42’UHDTV  - Superfast WIFI and Fiber access (we provide you with a RJ45 ) - Large windows with lots of sunlight  - Iron wih ironing board ONE B
15830	This furnished apartment of 35 m² for four people is located on rue Mazarine, one bedroom apartment (double bed), with kitchen entirely equipped (oven, coffee machine, fridge, washing machine). The kitchen is open on the living room, which contain a coffee table, a sofa bed, TV, Phone. The flat has one bathroom with a shower and beautiful bathroom furniture and toilet, and a bedroom with a double bed.  The apartment is on the 1st floor, there are an elevator, but it’s not possible to access by wheelchair. There are security code to enter in the building. The entire apartment has double-glazed windows facing courtyard, it’s quiet place.	This amazing apartment completely renovated for 4 people, is very well located.  Indeed, at few steps of Notre Dame de Paris and Odeon ! The apartment is on the 1st floor,  in a wonderful district. The apartment is completly renovated ! This furnished apartment of 35 m² for four people is located on rue Mazarine, one bedroom apartment (double bed), with kitchen entirely equipped (oven, coffee machine, fridge, washing machine). The kitchen is open on the living room, which contain a coffee table, a sofa bed, TV, Phone. The flat has one bathroom with a shower and beautiful bathroom furniture and toilet, and a bedroom with a double bed.  The apartment is on the 1st floor, there are an elevator, but it’s not possible to access by wheelchair. There are security code to enter in the building. The entire apartment has double-glazed windows facing courtyard, it’s quiet place. Rue Mazarine is a road located in the district of the Mint of the 6th arrondissement of Paris. The district of La Money
15831	"The apartment contains of one living and dining room with a new and very comfortable convertible leather sofa (1,40mx2m), one master bedroom with new, high quality queen size (1,6mx2m) double bed that can be divided into two separate beds if requested, linen and towels provided, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub/shower, blow dryer and a separate toilet. Take a step back in time – the street got its name ""Quai des Grands Augustins"" in around 1444 and the buildings date from 16th to 18th Century ! - while enjoying all the modern comforts of this spacious totally renovated apartment with high ceilings, fine original beams, and tall windows overlooking the bouquinistes booths on the banks of the Seine, the Ile de la Cité. Double glazing protects from street noise.  There is a  medium large flat screen television in the living room as well as wireless high speed internet access, though you must bring your own laptop; the apartment does not contain a computer. The kitchen has"	"In a charming 18th century building, facing the river Seine and the Ile de la Cité, with a view of Notre-Dame Cathedral, this is a perfectly located 1-bedroom apartment of 65m2 (720sq.f), 3rd floor, with lift, old beamed living room and wooden floor. The apartment contains of one living and dining room with a new and very comfortable convertible leather sofa (1,40mx2m), one master bedroom with new, high quality queen size (1,6mx2m) double bed that can be divided into two separate beds if requested, linen and towels provided, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub/shower, blow dryer and a separate toilet. Take a step back in time – the street got its name ""Quai des Grands Augustins"" in around 1444 and the buildings date from 16th to 18th Century ! - while enjoying all the modern comforts of this spacious totally renovated apartment with high ceilings, fine original beams, and tall windows overlooking the bouquinistes booths on the banks of the Seine, the Ile de la Cité. Doubl"
15832		This beautiful apartment is very well located in Paris (5 min walking from Montparnasse). It's fully equipped and it can welcome 2 people (one double bed). You can have some fun cooking or relaxing in the living room. The district is very attractive! The neighborhood is very nice, feel free to share a drink with them:-) Severals subways are close to the apartment ! You can reach every place you want from here !
15833		I am renting my charming cosy and typical parisian studio.  Is it very pleasant to live in :)  The studio is full of books, full of light, has wooden beams, and two big windows on a nice inside court.  It's a love nest and perfect for a couple. I will be always available and free to give some good advices to my hosts.   I am a food addict so I give always a secret list of my good adresses in Paris :) Saint Germain des Près is the historical Parisian headquarter !  Situated in the center of Paris it is a very nice and arty environment. 5 min walks from the emblematic Cafe de Flore, Le Bon Marché, Musée d'Orsay... The area is full of cultural venues and is also very good for shopping.  There is a lot's of good restaurants, shops, bars in a typical parisian street.  There is also a supermarket 50m from the flat. Situated 2 min walk from the metro station Sèvre Babylone line 12 and 10 and Saint Sulpice line 4.
15834	Highlights: - Two metro stations nearby: Sevres-Babylone (Line 10/12) and Saint Sulpice(Line 4) - Elevator - 2 bedrooms with a Queen size bed with wardrobe, in each one - Sofa in the living room converts into a comfortable sofa bed for 2- Flatscreen TV with International TV channels - Internet WIFI Access - bathroom with w/c - Kitchen Equipments: Microwave, fridge, plates, glasses, cutlery, cleaning products, coffee machine... - Iron and ironing board - Hairdryer provided - Washing machine - Individual heating system  - Guaranteed clean and fresh linens  - Guaranteed hotel grade cleaning services Located in the heart of Saint Germain-Des-Près, this authentic parisian apartment boasts a vibrant and chic area.: famous bistrots (Deux Margots, Cafe de Flore, etc…), La Grande Epicerie de Paris (Bon Marché), brasserie (Lipp) and shops (Hermès, Prada)  open 7 days a week. Furthermore, many touristic attractions are also easily accessible on foot: The Jardin du Luxembourg is 10 minutes away, w	Located in the heart of Saint Germain-Des-Près, this authentic parisian apartment boasts a vibrant and chic area. Highlights: - Two metro stations nearby: Sevres-Babylone (Line 10/12) and Saint Sulpice(Line 4) - Elevator - 2 bedrooms with a Queen size bed with wardrobe, in each one - Sofa in the living room converts into a comfortable sofa bed for 2- Flatscreen TV with International TV channels - Internet WIFI Access - bathroom with w/c - Kitchen Equipments: Microwave, fridge, plates, glasses, cutlery, cleaning products, coffee machine... - Iron and ironing board - Hairdryer provided - Washing machine - Individual heating system  - Guaranteed clean and fresh linens  - Guaranteed hotel grade cleaning services Located in the heart of Saint Germain-Des-Près, this authentic parisian apartment boasts a vibrant and chic area.: famous bistrots (Deux Margots, Cafe de Flore, etc…), La Grande Epicerie de Paris (Bon Marché), brasserie (Lipp) and shops (Hermès, Prada)  open 7 days a week. Furtherm
15835		Spacious Rive Gauche parisien appartment in the 14th arrondissement, first floor,  easy access from both Orly and Charles de Gaulle airports, 5 minutes away from the Luxembourg Garden and about 15 minutes to the city center. Peaceful and quiet with a garden view.
15836		Lovely renovated studio located in the heart of St Germain, on the Left Bank, on the 4th floor of an early 19th century building, South oriented, with elevator. Separated bathroom with bath.      
15837	Récemment rénové au coeur de Saint Germain des Près Ne choisissez plus entre les ambiances des quartiers situés sur les rives Droite et Gauche de la Seine. L’emplacement idéal de l’appartement  vous propose de découvrir les deux … à pied ! En quelques minutes à pied, vous pourrez profiter de la Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, du musée du Louvres et des jardins des Tuileries ou bien encore opter pour l’ambiance festive des quartiers Latin et Saint Germain. Enfin, la proximité des lignes de métro n° 4 et 10 (station Odéon) et RER B (Station Saint Michel) offre un accès facile à toutes les destinations de Paris ainsi qu’une connexion directe à l’aéroport de Roissy Charles de Gaulle et quasi directe à l’aéroport d’Orly. L’appartement : L’appartement  est situé au 1 er étage (sans ascenseur) d’un immeuble traditionnel du quartier de Saint Germain. La pièce principale très lumineuse et chaleureuse avec son mur gris donnant sur un cours calme, propose un confortable canapé lit double (2 couch	Récemment rénové au coeur de Saint Germain des Près Ne choisissez plus entre les ambiances des quartiers situés sur les rives Droite et Gauche de la Seine. L’emplacement idéal de l’appartement  vous propose de découvrir les deux … à pied ! En quelques minutes à pied, vous pourrez profiter de la Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, du musée du Louvres et des jardins des Tuileries ou bien encore opter pour l’ambiance festive des quartiers Latin et Saint Germain. Enfin, la proximité des lignes de métro n° 4 et 10 (station Odéon) et RER B (Station Saint Michel) offre un accès facile à toutes les destinations de Paris ainsi qu’une connexion directe à l’aéroport de Roissy Charles de Gaulle et quasi directe à l’aéroport d’Orly. L’appartement : L’appartement  est situé au 1 er étage (sans ascenseur) d’un immeuble traditionnel du quartier de Saint Germain. La pièce principale très lumineuse et chaleureuse avec son mur gris donnant sur un cours calme, propose un confortable canapé lit double (2 couch
15838	In the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés, between Notre-Dame, the Louvre, the Pont-Neuf, near the Seine. Lovely one bedroom apartment on the 5th floor of a 17th Century private Hotel. Cozy apartment on the left bank, or you can explore during your stay the wonders of the Louvre Museum, the Orsay Museum, Notre Dame, walk in the Luxembourg Gardens. Ideally located for lovers of Paris and the left bank, shopping, art galleries and French gastronomy. Delicate blend of elegance, comfort and refinement. Bright, quiet, equipped with a bathroom, shower, toilet, washing machine. An equipped kitchen: Dishwasher, refrigerator, stove, microwave, safe. Living room: sofa, TV, Internet. A bedroom with a bed of 140 x 190. Linen provided, sheets, towels. The building is secured by two access codes. The apartment is close to taxi ranks, many bus and metro  (Saint-Michel, Odeon) Discipline and dedication are the key words to ensure full satisfaction of your stay. Type: Entire home/apt Bed type: Real Bed Ac	In the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés, between Notre-Dame, the Louvre, the Pont-Neuf, near the Seine. Lovely one bedroom apartment on the 5th floor of a 17th Century private Hotel. Cozy apartment on the left bank, or you can explore during your stay the wonders of the Louvre Museum, the Orsay Museum, Notre Dame, walk in the Luxembourg Gardens. Ideally located for lovers of Paris and the left bank, shopping, art galleries and French gastronomy. Delicate blend of elegance, comfort and refinement. Bright, quiet, equipped with a bathroom, shower, toilet, washing machine. An equipped kitchen: Dishwasher, refrigerator, stove, microwave, safe. Living room: sofa, TV, Internet. A bedroom with a bed of 140 x 190. Linen provided, sheets, towels. The building is secured by two access codes. The apartment is close to taxi ranks, many bus and metro  (Saint-Michel, Odeon) Discipline and dedication are the key words to ensure full satisfaction of your stay. Type: Entire home/apt Bed type: Real Bed Ac
15839	This impressive 160 sqm (1600 sq ft) apartment has three separate bedrooms, three bathrooms and three toilets. It can sleep up to six guests. It is very comfortable, very luminous, furnished with high standing pieces of furniture in a contemporary style. The entrance directly gives on the living-room, very spacious, with a large bay window made of five French windows giving on a quiet paved courtyard. This living area is equipped with comfortable couches and a large coffee table. It also features a work space with a desk, next to one of the windows. Note that the living-room features a giant screen and a video projector. The many wardrobes in the living-room will be perfect for your coats and other clothes and belongings. The dining-room, very spacious too, is open on the living-room. It features a lovely dining table where eight guests will comfortably sit. The kitchen is very well fitted. It is open on the dining-room but you can access it from the living-room too. The master bedroom	Amazing high standing 160 sqm apartment with three bedrooms and three bathrooms to rent for six people in Paris, between the Luxembourg Garden and Odeon. This place is a pure jewel, comfortable, very quiet, exceptional !    This impressive 160 sqm (1600 sq ft) apartment has three separate bedrooms, three bathrooms and three toilets. It can sleep up to six guests. It is very comfortable, very luminous, furnished with high standing pieces of furniture in a contemporary style. The entrance directly gives on the living-room, very spacious, with a large bay window made of five French windows giving on a quiet paved courtyard. This living area is equipped with comfortable couches and a large coffee table. It also features a work space with a desk, next to one of the windows. Note that the living-room features a giant screen and a video projector. The many wardrobes in the living-room will be perfect for your coats and other clothes and belongings. The dining-room, very spacious too, is open 
15840	50m from the Place Saint Germain des Prés, rue du Dragon, in an old 17th century buildind, (Victor Hugo used to live there) at the 3rd and last floor, a quiet 2 rooms apartment all furnished, with a large bedroom and a living room. Separate kitchen, bathroom, and separate toilets. Capacity of 5 people. Lots of luxury shops, restaurants and grocerys downstairs. Very nice neibourhood.Near metro Saint Germain des prés. 20 minutes walking from the Louvre. Wifi, television with englih chanels, and telephone fix included.	100m from the place saint Garmain des prés, in a very nice street with lots of restaurants, in an old 18th century building, at the 3rd and last floor, a 2 room apartment very quiet on a courtyard with a living room, a bedroom and equipped kitchen. 50m from the Place Saint Germain des Prés, rue du Dragon, in an old 17th century buildind, (Victor Hugo used to live there) at the 3rd and last floor, a quiet 2 rooms apartment all furnished, with a large bedroom and a living room. Separate kitchen, bathroom, and separate toilets. Capacity of 5 people. Lots of luxury shops, restaurants and grocerys downstairs. Very nice neibourhood.Near metro Saint Germain des prés. 20 minutes walking from the Louvre. Wifi, television with englih chanels, and telephone fix included.
15841	The apartment has just been renovated with high quality furniture and appliances: bed, sofa bed, ovens, fridge-freezer, flat screen television, a Bose speaker… In the bedroom there is a Queen size bed (160 cm x 200 cm), a closet and a ceiling fan. In the living-room, the sofa converts into a real King size bed (200 cm x 200 cm) and you will also find a mobile ventilator. The kitchen is fully equipped with induction cooktop, electric oven, micro-wave oven, fridge-freezer, dishwasher, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine and all the kitchenware. In the bathroom, you will have at your disposal a washing-drying machine, bath towels, shampoo, soap and body cream.	Located in the heart of the historic center of Paris, where Saint Germain des Prés meets the Latin Quarter, this bright flat, full of character and recently renovated, combines charm and comfort. The apartment has just been renovated with high quality furniture and appliances: bed, sofa bed, ovens, fridge-freezer, flat screen television, a Bose speaker… In the bedroom there is a Queen size bed (160 cm x 200 cm), a closet and a ceiling fan. In the living-room, the sofa converts into a real King size bed (200 cm x 200 cm) and you will also find a mobile ventilator. The kitchen is fully equipped with induction cooktop, electric oven, micro-wave oven, fridge-freezer, dishwasher, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine and all the kitchenware. In the bathroom, you will have at your disposal a washing-drying machine, bath towels, shampoo, soap and body cream. We will meet you when you arrive to give you the keys and show you around the apartment. Like in many buildings of this ancient neighborhood
15842	Space, light and character on the 3rd floor of a totally renovated historical building with beams and wooden floor. The flat offers an entrance hall, a large sunny  double living room with working space, sofa bed and a dinner table for 4, a fully equipped kitchen and a quiet en-suite bedroom, with bathroom and dressing (bath and shower). It can accommodate up to 4 people :  - double bed in the bedroom  - double convertible sofa bed in the living room You will find all amenities:  international TV, free international telephone on fixed lines, internet wifi, washing machine, linen provided....  There is also a folding baby bed if needed. 	Ideally located in a lovely pedestrian street of prestigious central St Germain des Pres, this charming two-room little heaven, will make your stay in Paris unforgettable both on a long or short term basis. Space, light and character on the 3rd floor of a totally renovated historical building with beams and wooden floor. The flat offers an entrance hall, a large sunny  double living room with working space, sofa bed and a dinner table for 4, a fully equipped kitchen and a quiet en-suite bedroom, with bathroom and dressing (bath and shower). It can accommodate up to 4 people :  - double bed in the bedroom  - double convertible sofa bed in the living room You will find all amenities:  international TV, free international telephone on fixed lines, internet wifi, washing machine, linen provided....  There is also a folding baby bed if needed. You have access to the whole apartment. The building is secured. I know very well the area and will be happy to help you with good advice if needed. 
15843		Cosy and modern apartment in the heart of St-Germain-des-Prés, rue de Bourbon-le-Château.  
15844	Homy, charming flat right in the heart of Saint Germain des Près. The métro stations « Mabillon »  and « Saint-Germain » are only one minute walk away, and station « Odeon » is 5 minutes away (lines 4, and 10) This is a cozy home, with tasteful, modern decorations. The apartment furnishes an equipped kitchen with oven, cooking, dishwasher, fridge, etc.  The living room is half-separated with two linked rooms : a dining room and a lounge room (TV, optic fiber WIFI and phone are provided). The bedroom has a double bed provided with linens.  One convenient bathroom with bath, toilet and sink.  It's a high-end building, a quite neighborhood, so no party can be allowed and only well-bred people are welcomed.  There is gonna be a bond in case, because the appartement was made by a decorator and a lot of precious objects are in it. The flat is 4th floor with an elevator (small but useful after a long day of walking around Paris !) This area is pretty much of the nicest in Paris. You’ll probab	Large flat in the center of Paris at Saint Germain des Près 55m2 with two balcony on a small pedestrian street.  Only one person or a couple can live there. It's really close to the metro like 20 meters from Mabillon and 25 from Saint Germain.  Homy, charming flat right in the heart of Saint Germain des Près. The métro stations « Mabillon »  and « Saint-Germain » are only one minute walk away, and station « Odeon » is 5 minutes away (lines 4, and 10) This is a cozy home, with tasteful, modern decorations. The apartment furnishes an equipped kitchen with oven, cooking, dishwasher, fridge, etc.  The living room is half-separated with two linked rooms : a dining room and a lounge room (TV, optic fiber WIFI and phone are provided). The bedroom has a double bed provided with linens.  One convenient bathroom with bath, toilet and sink.  It's a high-end building, a quite neighborhood, so no party can be allowed and only well-bred people are welcomed.  There is gonna be a bond in case, because
15845	30 sqm large studio for 2 people on the 4th floor with elevator overlooking a pedestrian street in the heart Saint Germain des Près. It consist of : -  a large living room, a sofa with a pull out bed for two adults (140*200) , a coffe table which could be used for dinner for 6 people, a wardrobe, an armchair, TVHD, DVD, internet connection. Very elegant decor. - a kitchen open on the living room with : micro wave, cook tops, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, teapot, washing machine and all you might need for cooking and eating. -  a bathroom with bath sink and wc. Hair dryer. The linen is provided	Precisley in the heart of Saint Germain des Près in the middle of cafés, movie theatres, art galleries... 30 sqm large studio for 2 people on the 4th floor with elevator overlooking a pedestrian street in the heart Saint Germain des Près. It consist of : -  a large living room, a sofa with a pull out bed for two adults (140*200) , a coffe table which could be used for dinner for 6 people, a wardrobe, an armchair, TVHD, DVD, internet connection. Very elegant decor. - a kitchen open on the living room with : micro wave, cook tops, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, teapot, washing machine and all you might need for cooking and eating. -  a bathroom with bath sink and wc. Hair dryer. The linen is provided
15846	The 6th arrondissement is the most historic and romantic district of Paris.  A 25 m² apartment. It is well organised and fully furnished. It is quiet and opens into a calm, green and unique courtyard.  Ideal place for 2 persons.  Let me know if you need more information.	Fully furnished studio flat on the 1st floor of a Haussman style building.  Calm and opens into courtyard with trees. It contains separated kitchen and bathroom.  Near to all public transportation. Best location for visiting, partying and shopping. The 6th arrondissement is the most historic and romantic district of Paris.  A 25 m² apartment. It is well organised and fully furnished. It is quiet and opens into a calm, green and unique courtyard.  Ideal place for 2 persons.  Let me know if you need more information. You will have a free access to the Wi Fi and the television.  The washing machine, drier, dish washer, fixed hair dryer in the bathroom are also under your disposal. My Library is under your disposal if you read french literature. Some English book are available.  Destination: The 6th arrondissement of Paris :)  It includes world famous educational institutions as well as a concentration of some of Paris's most famous monuments such as Saint-Germain Abbey and square, St. Sul
15847	Charming large studio, under the roof with beams and many windows, bathed with sun. Overlooking the street on one side, courtyard on the other. Located in Odeon, the neighbourhood is very lively, with bars, bistros, restaurants, cinemas, food shops and market down the street. Direct metro to Montparnasse, Gare du Nord, Gare d'Austerlitz, 2 metro lines and many buses, 5' walk to Saint-Germain, the Seine and Notre-Dame, Luxembourg Garden, perfect central location. The appartment consists in a large living room, open kitchen with a bar where 4 persons can eat, comfortable shower and washbasin with a window, separate toilets with window too, sleepingroom installed over the kitchen-dining area under the roof.  Minimum 3 nights : 420 € including linen & cleaning, 110 € additional night. 5th floor, no lift. Charmant studio de 35 m2 sous les toits, poutres apparents et nombreuses fenêtres qui en font un appartement très clair et baigné de soleil. Situé à l'Odéon dans un quartier vivant et très	A l'Odéon, proximité immédiate tous commerces, marché, restaurants, cinémas, métro et bus, appartement baigné de soleil sur rue et cour. Ideally located between Saint-Germain and Notre-Dame; lively neighbourhood, sunny and quiet appartment. Charming large studio, under the roof with beams and many windows, bathed with sun. Overlooking the street on one side, courtyard on the other. Located in Odeon, the neighbourhood is very lively, with bars, bistros, restaurants, cinemas, food shops and market down the street. Direct metro to Montparnasse, Gare du Nord, Gare d'Austerlitz, 2 metro lines and many buses, 5' walk to Saint-Germain, the Seine and Notre-Dame, Luxembourg Garden, perfect central location. The appartment consists in a large living room, open kitchen with a bar where 4 persons can eat, comfortable shower and washbasin with a window, separate toilets with window too, sleepingroom installed over the kitchen-dining area under the roof.  Minimum 3 nights : 420 € including linen & c
15848	The apartment is on the 8th floor with a large balcony with a beautiful view of a large garden on one side and on the roofs of Paris, the sacred and the Eiffel Tower on the Boulevard du Montparnasse balcony: large entrance hall with wardrobe, kitchen very well equipped with two ovens, refrigerator and freezer, induction hob, coffee machine and tea, many robots to cook, large lounge-library with bed rest 1 person, television twentieth, balcony with table and chairs, Many large hallway with cupboards wardrobes, guest toilet, pink and green bedroom with bathroom, bathtub and shower and separate toilet, black and white bedroom with dressing room and bathroom with tub and shower, separate toilet, large balcony - with wifi internet + channel. There is a mobile air conditioner in case of big heat?	"Facing the famous ""Closerie des Lilas"" has two steps from the Luxembourg gardens, apart. on the 8th fl. (elevator), decoration design, 4 pieces every comfort, with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris, and  the sacred heart and Eiffel Tower. The apartment is on the 8th floor with a large balcony with a beautiful view of a large garden on one side and on the roofs of Paris, the sacred and the Eiffel Tower on the Boulevard du Montparnasse balcony: large entrance hall with wardrobe, kitchen very well equipped with two ovens, refrigerator and freezer, induction hob, coffee machine and tea, many robots to cook, large lounge-library with bed rest 1 person, television twentieth, balcony with table and chairs, Many large hallway with cupboards wardrobes, guest toilet, pink and green bedroom with bathroom, bathtub and shower and separate toilet, black and white bedroom with dressing room and bathroom with tub and shower, separate toilet, large balcony - with wifi internet + channel. Ther"
15849	Located in the very heart of Paris, in one of the most distinguished, elegant and beautiful districts - St Germain, this stylish and luminous one bedroom apartment offers you the chance to see Paris all within walking distance. On your doorstep: The plentiful boutiques, gourmet food shops, restaurants and bars of Saint-Germain. Including the legendary Café de Flore, Les Deux Magots and Brasserie Lipp for some of the best people watching in Paris. The beautiful churches of Saint Germain des Prés and Saint Sulpice. The apartment is in a very lively neighbourhood with some great bars, clubs and restaurants at your fingertips.  5 minutes walking distance from: the most beautiful of parks on the left bank- the Jardin du Luxembourg. The river Seine, Pont-des Arts, Pont Neuf. 10-15 minutes walking distance from: The Louvre and the Tuileries Gardens, Musée d'Orsay, Musée Rodin, Musée du Quai Branly, Musée de l'Orangerie, Notre Dame Cathedral, Hotel de Ville Decorated to a high spec, with class	Located in the very heart of Paris, in one of the most distinguished, elegant and beautiful districts - St Germain, this stylish and luminous one bedroom apartment offers you the chance to see Paris all within walking distance. On your doorstep: The plentiful boutiques, gourmet food shops, restaurants and bars of Saint-Germain. Including the legendary Café de Flore, Les Deux Magots and Brasserie Lipp for some of the best people watching in Paris. The beautiful churches of Saint Germain des Prés and Saint Sulpice. The apartment is in a very lively neighbourhood with some great bars, clubs and restaurants at your fingertips.  5 minutes walking distance from: the most beautiful of parks on the left bank- the Jardin du Luxembourg. The river Seine, Pont-des Arts, Pont Neuf. 10-15 minutes walking distance from: The Louvre and the Tuileries Gardens, Musée d'Orsay, Musée Rodin, Musée du Quai Branly, Musée de l'Orangerie, Notre Dame Cathedral, Hotel de Ville Decorated to a high spec, with class
15850	Let me give you a taste of what you will be able to experience on your trip to wonderful Paris. The flat located on the 6th floor of a classic Parisian Haussmann style building, features wooden floors and the typical Parisian rooftop view. Tastefully designed, the flat is a hit for anyone looking for a unique, classy, comfy and practical stay in Paris. More about the flat : ★ bathroom -bath products -hairdryer ★ bedroom:  -real bed -I do provide fresh towels and bed linens -JLB speakers ★ in the open kitchen /  -fridge -microwave -plaques  -kettle -Nespresso machine ★ living room -small but with 2 comfy armchairs -3 coffee tables  -a few guides on Paris  ★ internet - WiFi included ★ view - Parisian rooftops - peaceful surroundings that is not overlooked (quite rare in Paris to be mentioned) ★ and last but not least…a LIFT!! I know it can sound like stone age but it’s Paris here and the majority of old buildings don’t have a lift…(let’s say it’s part of the Parisian charm lol) THE NEIGH	Bonjour ☺! Welcome to the coolest neighbourhood in Paris  I am delighted to invite you to my sweet one bedroom room flat nestled in the rooftops of buzzing Saint Germain des Près… Enjoy this very charming 25m2 (270 sq ft) flat. Let me give you a taste of what you will be able to experience on your trip to wonderful Paris. The flat located on the 6th floor of a classic Parisian Haussmann style building, features wooden floors and the typical Parisian rooftop view. Tastefully designed, the flat is a hit for anyone looking for a unique, classy, comfy and practical stay in Paris. More about the flat : ★ bathroom -bath products -hairdryer ★ bedroom:  -real bed -I do provide fresh towels and bed linens -JLB speakers ★ in the open kitchen /  -fridge -microwave -plaques  -kettle -Nespresso machine ★ living room -small but with 2 comfy armchairs -3 coffee tables  -a few guides on Paris  ★ internet - WiFi included ★ view - Parisian rooftops - peaceful surroundings that is not overlooked (quite r
15851	Close to everything (monuments, transports, Luxembourg garden...) and really peaceful with the private courtyard!! Ideal for a couple	Welcome in a  heaven of peace, a small house in the heart of Paris (6th district) !  Perfect for a couple, this is a well-equipped 2 rooms with a private courtyard,  near all services, shops (Le Bon Marché), restaurants, bakery etc... Close to everything (monuments, transports, Luxembourg garden...) and really peaceful with the private courtyard!! Ideal for a couple The neighborhood is really full of life (St Germain area, Odeon, Luxembourg garden...) and safe. The distict is in the center of Paris and everything seems close! -Metro: lines 10, 12 and 13 (5 minutes from the house), lines 4 and 6 (7 minutes from the house) -Bus: a lot :) -Train: Montparnasse station at 7 minutes -Velib (bycycle) -Taxi station: 5 minutes
15852		"Studio de 27 m² entièrement équipé, lumineux et confortable dans un immeuble de standing avec concierge, en plein cœur de Paris. Situé au cinquième étage avec ascenseur, avec un petit balcon, c'est l'endroit idéal pour vivre à la parisienne ! A la croisée du carrefour Sèvres Babylone, avec son ""Bon Marché"", des Invalides et de Montparnasse, au métro Duroc, dans un quartier résidentiel, vous trouverez tous les commerces typiquement français (excellent boulanger, fromager, supérettes...) et pourrez vous régaler dans les restaurants alentour. A la station de métro Duroc. Ligne 10 et 13. Lignes de bus : (phone number hidden)."
15853	My flat has 2 balconies with a magnificent view on the eiffel tower, come and try it ! Mon appartement a 2 balcons donnant sur une magnifique vue sur la tour eiffel, Venez l'essayer !	A nice studio in front of the Luxembourg with a wonderfull view on the eiffel tower, the invalides and the jardin du Luxembourg.  
15854		5 minutes walking distance from St Germain, Montparnasse, Jardin du Luxembourg, rue de Rennes, le Bon Marché Big room with double bed + comfortable sofa + TV Wifi + kitchen & bathroom -- Recently renovated Perfect for a couple  30 m²
15855		Great one bedroom triplex located Boulevard du Montparnasse with a private terrace overlooking Paris
15856	I will be happy to welcome you in my lovely appartement in the heart of Saint Germain. It is a great location you can walk everywhere in the city from there: Le Louvre .., le marais... but you also have the subway, ligne 4, which is a very useful ligne to go across Paris quickly. Shops at less than 5 min walk: H&M, Zara (2), Le Bon Marché, Etam, FNAC, Mac, Sandro, Jonak, Andre, ... A supermarket is also 2 minutes away from the place. You can very easily go running (3 min)in the morning to the Parc du Luxembourg or have a picnic there at night. You have great bars and restaurants around too. I will give you my tips.	One bedroom with nice decoration, very french, in an typical parisian apartment near the train station Montparnasse and in the Saint Germain area.  Very calm, you don't hear any noise. Close to shops (ex: Le Bon Marché (3min)) and subway ( 1 min ) I will be happy to welcome you in my lovely appartement in the heart of Saint Germain. It is a great location you can walk everywhere in the city from there: Le Louvre .., le marais... but you also have the subway, ligne 4, which is a very useful ligne to go across Paris quickly. Shops at less than 5 min walk: H&M, Zara (2), Le Bon Marché, Etam, FNAC, Mac, Sandro, Jonak, Andre, ... A supermarket is also 2 minutes away from the place. You can very easily go running (3 min)in the morning to the Parc du Luxembourg or have a picnic there at night. You have great bars and restaurants around too. I will give you my tips.
15857	Everything is new on this flat completly tastefully renovated in march 2014 !	Everything is new on this flat completly tastefully renovated in march 2014 !
15858	We transformed what was a cramped Parisian apartment into a luminous and joyful space. Every detail here has been lovingly selected, from the black leather furnishings and natural wooden shelves to the carefully placed bamboo and ficus greenery. The apartment is on the 3rd floor. You will access it through a magnifiscent staircase, protected under France’s heritage laws.	In the heart of St Germain des prés, a peaceful hideaway full of space and light. This 5 rooms apartment of 1510 square feet (140 m2) is very central yet extremely quiet. Trendy shops, chic boutique and delicious restaurants are just downstairs.... We transformed what was a cramped Parisian apartment into a luminous and joyful space. Every detail here has been lovingly selected, from the black leather furnishings and natural wooden shelves to the carefully placed bamboo and ficus greenery. The apartment is on the 3rd floor. You will access it through a magnifiscent staircase, protected under France’s heritage laws. The whole apartment is available except the store room that will be locked. 2 metro station with 3 (email hidden) walk taxi stand at the end of the block numerous bus
15859		Délicieux appartement souplex de 80m2 situé rue Dauphine, à deux pas du pont Neuf comprenant un lit double en sous sol et un canapé lit deux places au rez de chaussée donnant sur une cour pavée d'un immeuble datant de 1740.
15860	it is an old cute building  it is first floor with no elevator. the high ceiling is great the living room is very spacious. The main double bedroom with a double bed on  good wooden bed base, it faces inside of the building so it is quiet. another room, smaller but has also a double mattress, thick futon on the floor for now. my widows has no double glaze yet. i am planning to have them done at some point.  so sorry but the second smaller room will not be quiet as it face the (website hidden) just make sure you are aware of that and maybe using ear plugs at night. The shower is nice, you have plenty of hot water. You have a nive towel radiator so no more humide towels! The kitchen area is a kind of long corridor separate from the living room. Not very big but good enough for your stay if you are not planning to do crazy dinner by yourself in that Kitchen.  There is a professional oven and high quality big fridge and freezer (I have some ice cubes ready to use). A toaster, kettle (you c	3 bedrooms flat. Two blocks from the most famous café de flore in the center of Saint-Germain-des-Près. 3 bedroom flat. High ceiling, this is a very typical parisian flat. It is perfect for you to stay in Paris! it is an old cute building  it is first floor with no elevator. the high ceiling is great the living room is very spacious. The main double bedroom with a double bed on  good wooden bed base, it faces inside of the building so it is quiet. another room, smaller but has also a double mattress, thick futon on the floor for now. my widows has no double glaze yet. i am planning to have them done at some point.  so sorry but the second smaller room will not be quiet as it face the (website hidden) just make sure you are aware of that and maybe using ear plugs at night. The shower is nice, you have plenty of hot water. You have a nive towel radiator so no more humide towels! The kitchen area is a kind of long corridor separate from the living room. Not very big but good enough for yo
15861	A perfect flat of 40 sqmeters well furnished and equiped with nice kitchen.  One bedroom with large bed and wardrobe.  Bathroom with shower.  In the St Germain area with all famous restaurants nearby. Most trendy and fashion place. Intellectual, historical.  Our building has a lift.  In a beautiful historical passage that crosses from Bd St Germain (metro odeon) to our street St André des Arts where you can find Le Procope restaurant.  10 mns walk to Notre Dame, to Le Louvre, Musée d'orsay, Luxembourg Garden, Sorbonne, we are just in the middle, near the Seine River.  The flat is equiped with double glazed windows and has wi fi.  all transports and taxis nearby. And RER to Gare du Nord/ Eurostar and to CDG airport. from St Michel, 5 mns walk. This is the real best place to stay and have all amenities.  The flat will give you the feeling to be living in St Germain. You may go and shop your organic food in Raspail food market on Sundays, see a movie among the highest ratio of movie place	A perfect way to stay in Paris with a lovely one bedroom with a nice dine in kitchen and a double bedroom.  Take the lift and you are directly in St Germain, with all it means: terraces restaurants and cafes,  a few steps to Le Louvre, and Notre Dam A perfect flat of 40 sqmeters well furnished and equiped with nice kitchen.  One bedroom with large bed and wardrobe.  Bathroom with shower.  In the St Germain area with all famous restaurants nearby. Most trendy and fashion place. Intellectual, historical.  Our building has a lift.  In a beautiful historical passage that crosses from Bd St Germain (metro odeon) to our street St André des Arts where you can find Le Procope restaurant.  10 mns walk to Notre Dame, to Le Louvre, Musée d'orsay, Luxembourg Garden, Sorbonne, we are just in the middle, near the Seine River.  The flat is equiped with double glazed windows and has wi fi.  all transports and taxis nearby. And RER to Gare du Nord/ Eurostar and to CDG airport. from St Michel, 5 mns wal
15862	On the second floor of a nice building in the style of Louis XVI, this elegant two bedroom brings yesteryear to minds. The complementarity of atmospheres emerging from the different rooms makes this accomodation very welcoming and easy to live. From the spacious living with classic furnitures through the fully equipped separated kitchen, the comfortable main bedroom with private bathroom to the second bedroom with two single beds convertible into a double, this apartment features everything you need for an authentic stay in a great neighborhood. It also features a sofa bed that can accomodate 2 other people, a second bathroom and separated toilets	On the 2nd floor of a nice building rue du cherche-midi, this apartment features a spacious living with sofa bed, a bedroom with double bed and private bathroom, a bedroom with two single beds, a kitchen, a second bathroom and separated toilet On the second floor of a nice building in the style of Louis XVI, this elegant two bedroom brings yesteryear to minds. The complementarity of atmospheres emerging from the different rooms makes this accomodation very welcoming and easy to live. From the spacious living with classic furnitures through the fully equipped separated kitchen, the comfortable main bedroom with private bathroom to the second bedroom with two single beds convertible into a double, this apartment features everything you need for an authentic stay in a great neighborhood. It also features a sofa bed that can accomodate 2 other people, a second bathroom and separated toilets Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international land
15863	Ideally located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, rue Saint Sulpice, discover this beautiful apartment decorated in unusual, completely renovated and with a capacity of 3 persons, located on the 4th floor of a beautiful Parisian building. Covering an area of 50 m², apartment loft Saint Sulpice consists of a fully equipped kitchen opening onto a large bright living room decorated in typical left bank with beautiful high ceilings. The double room has a beautiful bathroom with separate toilet. Mezzanine space is television with a futon that can comfortably accommodate one person. Enjoy a great location, just steps from the Odeon Theatre, the St-Sulpice and the Luxembourg Gardens. The famous Bon Marché is a few feet and your other trips to several bus lines and metro are available at the foot of the apartment.	Ideally located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, rue Saint Sulpice, discover this beautiful apartment decorated in unusual, completely renovated and with a capacity of 3 persons, located on the 4th floor of a beautiful Parisian building. Covering an area of 50 m², apartment loft Saint Sulpice consists of a fully equipped kitchen opening onto a large bright living room decorated in typical left bank with beautiful high ceilings. The double room has a beautiful bathroom with separate toilet. Mezzanine space is television with a futon that can comfortably accommodate one person. Enjoy a great location, just steps from the Odeon Theatre, the St-Sulpice and the Luxembourg Gardens. The famous Bon Marché is a few feet and your other trips to several bus lines and metro are available at the foot of the apartment.
15864	A fantastic apartment that sleeps up to 6 comfortably in a perfect location at the heart of Paris, between Pont Neuf and Odeon, close to Notre Dame, St Germain des Pres, etc.  85m2, three bedrooms (two double, one single), two bathrooms, on the third floor (no elevator) of a 17th century building, charming decoration, wooden beams and south-facing on a recently renovated and quiet courtyard. There is a sofa-bed in the sitting room. Two bedrooms are connected; to access the main bathroom one must cross the second bedroom. The apartment is fully-furnished and the kitchen fully-equipped, including microwave oven and American-size fridge and freezer. The ceiling is a cozy 2m30cm high. Cable (phone, TV and internet) is available for an additional charge (35 eur a month).	furnished 3 bedroom apt (sleeps 6). 3rd floor of a 17th century building in quiet residential street between Pont Neuf / Odeon, heart of Paris. South-facing, quiet. Fully renovated, two bathrooms (bath and shower) and fully-equipped kitchen. A fantastic apartment that sleeps up to 6 comfortably in a perfect location at the heart of Paris, between Pont Neuf and Odeon, close to Notre Dame, St Germain des Pres, etc.  85m2, three bedrooms (two double, one single), two bathrooms, on the third floor (no elevator) of a 17th century building, charming decoration, wooden beams and south-facing on a recently renovated and quiet courtyard. There is a sofa-bed in the sitting room. Two bedrooms are connected; to access the main bathroom one must cross the second bedroom. The apartment is fully-furnished and the kitchen fully-equipped, including microwave oven and American-size fridge and freezer. The ceiling is a cozy 2m30cm high. Cable (phone, TV and internet) is available for an additional charge
15865	Adorable apartment in an ancient building located in the heart of the Quartier Latin. THE APARTMENT:  The apartment is on the first floor (one above ground- 15 steps walk up) of a private courtyard of a 18th century building. The flat is secured by a steel security door, and fully furnished with dinner table, sofa-bed and queen size bed. The bathroom has shower, washbasin and toilet. AMENITIES:  TV set Wi-Fi high-speed Internet Connection (optical fiber) Telephone: free calls to fixed lines in most countries and US mobiles Vitroceramic hob Microwave Oven  Washer-dryer  Dish setting  Cookware Coffee maker & Tea kettle  Toaster  Iron/Board  Fresh Towels  Clean Bedding & linens  Travel cot (light portable bed) for babies LOCATION: The apartment is ideally located in one of Paris’ most exclusive areas. It is also one of the most sought neighborhoods by expats.  Many interesting places are to be found in a walking distance: - Université de la Sorbonne: 2 minutes  - Jardin du Luxembourg: 2 m	- Adorable apartment in an ancient building located in the heart of Paris with many touristic places at walking distance - Very well connected with public transport  - Reliable wi-fi access (optic fiber) - Comfortable bed - Travel cot for babies Adorable apartment in an ancient building located in the heart of the Quartier Latin. THE APARTMENT:  The apartment is on the first floor (one above ground- 15 steps walk up) of a private courtyard of a 18th century building. The flat is secured by a steel security door, and fully furnished with dinner table, sofa-bed and queen size bed. The bathroom has shower, washbasin and toilet. AMENITIES:  TV set Wi-Fi high-speed Internet Connection (optical fiber) Telephone: free calls to fixed lines in most countries and US mobiles Vitroceramic hob Microwave Oven  Washer-dryer  Dish setting  Cookware Coffee maker & Tea kettle  Toaster  Iron/Board  Fresh Towels  Clean Bedding & linens  Travel cot (light portable bed) for babies LOCATION: The apartment is
15866	Une cabane sous les toits ... à saint-germain des prés ! le top pour profiter de la vie parisienne ! Quelles que soient vos envies, n'hésitez pas à me demander des conseils, je serais très heureuses de vous aider à programmer votre séjour !	En plein coeur du Paris historique entre Odéon et les jardins du Luxembourg, ce studio sous les toits est idéal pour visiter Paris. Il et est équipé d'une sdb avec baignoire, d'un lit en mezzanine, d'une cuisine équipée, et d'un petit salon.       Une cabane sous les toits ... à saint-germain des prés ! le top pour profiter de la vie parisienne ! Quelles que soient vos envies, n'hésitez pas à me demander des conseils, je serais très heureuses de vous aider à programmer votre séjour ! Mon appartement se compose d'un petit salon, d'une cuisine tout équipée, d'une salle de bains avec baignoire, et d'un lit en mezzanine. Parfait pour une personne, faisable pour deux. Dans la mesure du possible, je serai là pour vous accueillir et vous donner des conseils si vous le souhaitez. Pour toute urgence je serai joignable et le boulanger en bas de le rue est toujours là pour dépanner... La plupart des visiteurs qui viennent à Paris souhaitent découvrir les multiples facettes de la Ville Lumière pen
15867	This place is unique since it's located in the best area of Paris! You have everything nearby: Restaurants, cafés, Touristic attractions (Notre Dame, Parc du Luxembourg, Saint Germain, Quartier Latin...) ! Everything is walking distance accessible! 	"This beautiful and typical Parisian studio is located in the best area of Paris! It is the best option to visit Paris and be immersed in the heart of the History of Paris! This place is unique since it's located in the best area of Paris! You have everything nearby: Restaurants, cafés, Touristic attractions (Notre Dame, Parc du Luxembourg, Saint Germain, Quartier Latin...) ! Everything is walking distance accessible!  Everything Best are of Paris! Watch Woody Allen's movie ""Midnight in Paris"" and you'll have an idea of what you can expect from the neighborhood!  Metro: Line 4 and 10, Odéon station.  The Entrance code is 15B4. Once in the courtyard, you have to open the blue door in your left. There's also a Interphone if you want to open the door from the apartment (ring on Michel Gilber CLAISSE). Then it's on the second floor and it's the first apartment right in front of the elevator (not the one on your left)! Welcome you're home!"
15868	A quiet and bright flat, with a typical Parisian twist (parquet floor, moulding), located very close to the most sightseeing venues of the Paris left bank. The perfect place for a romantic stay, or a business trip. Located at the heart of a historic area, 10 minutes walk from the Jardin du Luxembourg, 20 minutes walk from the Invalides, we only rent our flat when we leave for holidays. The flat is quite brand new, we have renovated it prior our moving in June 2014. It is made of a living room (East and West oriented) with an open kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with a walk-in shower and a window, separate toilets. As we are living here when not on holidays, the flat is furnished and decorated with a mix of genuine and contemporary furnitures. You will find the following equipments : - Bedroom : double bed - Kitchen : a fridge with an embedded freezer, an oven, a 4-burners induction hob, a washingmachine, a dishwasher, a Nespresso coffee machine, and cutlery if you wish to do your own co	A quiet and bright flat, with a typical Parisian twist (parquet floor, moulding), located very close to the most sightseeing venues of the Paris left bank. The perfect place for a romantic stay, or a business trip. Located at the heart of a historic area, 10 minutes walk from the Jardin du Luxembourg, 20 minutes walk from the Invalides, we only rent our flat when we leave for holidays. The flat is quite brand new, we have renovated it prior our moving in June 2014. It is made of a living room (East and West oriented) with an open kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with a walk-in shower and a window, separate toilets. As we are living here when not on holidays, the flat is furnished and decorated with a mix of genuine and contemporary furnitures. You will find the following equipments : - Bedroom : double bed - Kitchen : a fridge with an embedded freezer, an oven, a 4-burners induction hob, a washingmachine, a dishwasher, a Nespresso coffee machine, and cutlery if you wish to do your own co
15869	English:  Beautiful 2 rooms apartment located in the heart of Paris, 2 steps from Boulevard Saint Germain. The apartment is located 30 seconds by foot from the Boulevard and the Place Saint-Germain-des-Près, a very trendy place popular with Parisians, where you will find literary cafés (Café de Flore, Le Procope, Les 2 Magots), fancy bars, etc.., 10 minutes from the Latin Quarter and the Luxembourg Gardens, and 3 minutes from the famous Bon Marché and the Rue de Rennes, known for its shops. Located at 4th floor, the room overlooks a quiet courtyard and the living a small street with little traffic. The kitchen is opened on the living room with a bar where you can eat or have your French breakfast. There is a fridge, a microwave, induction hobs and all kitchen amenities needed to cook a great meal! The main room consists of a sofa, a coffee table and a flat screen TV. The bedroom, cozy and quiet, has a very comfortable large bed. French : Beau 2 pièces situé au cœur de Paris à 2 pas du 	English:  Beautiful 2 rooms apartment located in the heart of Paris, 2 steps from Boulevard Saint Germain. The apartment is located 30 seconds by foot from the Boulevard and the Place Saint-Germain-des-Près, a very trendy place popular with Parisians, where you will find literary cafés (Café de Flore, Le Procope, Les 2 Magots), fancy bars, etc.., 10 minutes from the Latin Quarter and the Luxembourg Gardens, and 3 minutes from the famous Bon Marché and the Rue de Rennes, known for its shops. Located at 4th floor, the room overlooks a quiet courtyard and the living a small street with little traffic. The kitchen is opened on the living room with a bar where you can eat or have your French breakfast. There is a fridge, a microwave, induction hobs and all kitchen amenities needed to cook a great meal! The main room consists of a sofa, a coffee table and a flat screen TV. The bedroom, cozy and quiet, has a very comfortable large bed. French : Beau 2 pièces situé au cœur de Paris à 2 pas du 
15870	"Cute flat in the 6th arrondissement, located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The flat is close to Bon Marché and the Grand Epicerie of Paris as well as the Luxembourg gardens. There are many restaurants, and cafés right in the area and you are walking distance to many significant places in Paris such as Panthéon, the Senate, Sorbonne, etc.  The sofa in the living room is bed-convertible, and there is an office.The kitchen is fully furnished kitchen with microwave, espresso maker, refrigerator, and cooking utensils. In the bathroom there is the toilets, and a shower-bath. You will have access to a fully functioning WIFI connection. The apartment is situated at 1 min walk to the tube station ""Odéon"", on line 4 and 10 and the many bus lines."	"Cute flat in the 6th arrondissement, located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The flat is close to Bon Marché and the Grand Epicerie of Paris as well as the Luxembourg gardens. There are many restaurants, and cafés right in the area Cute flat in the 6th arrondissement, located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The flat is close to Bon Marché and the Grand Epicerie of Paris as well as the Luxembourg gardens. There are many restaurants, and cafés right in the area and you are walking distance to many significant places in Paris such as Panthéon, the Senate, Sorbonne, etc.  The sofa in the living room is bed-convertible, and there is an office.The kitchen is fully furnished kitchen with microwave, espresso maker, refrigerator, and cooking utensils. In the bathroom there is the toilets, and a shower-bath. You will have access to a fully functioning WIFI connection. The apartment is situated at 1 min walk to the tube station ""Odéon"", on line 4 and 10 and the many bus lines."
15871	Bedroom - Queen Size Bed Metro / Odéon, Saint Michel 500 meters from Notre Dame, 500 meters from Café de Flore.  10 min walk to the Louvre.  Very Calm & Bright.	Perfectly located, right in the center of St Germain des Prés, our studio is 30 square meters, like a hotel suite. A big room and a kitchenette, a comfortable bathroom with a bathtub. Wifi included. Bedroom - Queen Size Bed Metro / Odéon, Saint Michel 500 meters from Notre Dame, 500 meters from Café de Flore.  10 min walk to the Louvre.  Very Calm & Bright.
15872	Rooms away from the kitchen and living room, very quiet street in front of a school empty during Holidays but very close to Boulevard Montparnasse (1 minute walk): lots of restaurants and cinemas.	Beautiful and bright 170m² appartment in Montparnasse, 10 minutes walking from Saint-Germain des Prés&Luxembourg Park. No building opposite,  fireplace, molding ceiling, very spacious and comfortable for a family or 2 friend couples. Try it u'll love Rooms away from the kitchen and living room, very quiet street in front of a school empty during Holidays but very close to Boulevard Montparnasse (1 minute walk): lots of restaurants and cinemas. A TV full equiped with International channels, a MAC for internet, a full equiped kitchen, a parking As much as they want to quiet in the street but very active around subway line 12,13,6 and 4 bus line: (phone number hidden) all stop are Montparnasse or Rue de Rennes
15873		A 100 m du Luxembourg cette petite maison de charme sur deux étages d'un calme hors pair vous offre tout le confort d'un petite maison de ville. Une suite parental et une chambre d'enfant avec un lit une personne vous sont proposés. Tous commerces
15874	son emplacement, au coeur de St Germain	2 pieces meublé avec soin, tout confort, living, chambre lit2P,cuisine toute équipée, sab avec baignoire et douche jaccuzi, situé à 2mn du Flore, de toutes les expo, et musées, théatres, rue de gallièristes, pouvant loger 2 personnes maxi, situe dans son emplacement, au coeur de St Germain proche de tous les musees, expo et théatres l'accueil est assuré par la personne chargée du check in, qui vous permettra de recevoir tout le confort necesaire proche aussi de tous les commerces quartier tres vivant, situé dans un immeuble ancien et classé donc pas d'ascenseur, au 3° étage, mais escalier tres confortable, de par la nature de l'immeuble bus ou taxi de l'aeroport location possible, a la semaine, ou su 3 mois maximum
15875		Small but charming flat in a nice area of Paris. From the window, you can enjoy a spectacular view on the parisian roofs and the Eiffel Tower. Located in a very nice and safe area, 5 to 10 minutes walking distance from le Bon Marché and Saint Germain
15876	Parfaitement situé pour visiter Paris ou pour un passage professionnel *Clic Clac confort 2 places  *Salle de bains avec baignoire  *TV   * WIFI haut débits * Cuisine équipée * Machine à laver Présent pour vous présenter le quartier et le logement Quartier très charmant, historique et central. vous pourrez vous balader à pied, sortir de jour comme de nuit et découvrir Paris * Notre de dame * le Louvre * quartier latin * Saint Germain des Près tres bien desservi par les transport pour aller plus loin  Transport en commun Metro 4, 10  RER B et C Bus  Accès direct aux aéroports de Roissy CDG et Orly *Clic Clac confort 2 places  *Salle de bains avec baignoire  *TV   * WIFI haut débits * Cuisine équipée * Machine à laver Présent pour vous présenter le quartier et le logement Quartier très charmant, historique et central. vous pourrez vous balader à pied, sortir de jour comme de nuit et découvrir Paris * Notre de dame * le Louvre * quartier latin * Saint Germain des Près tres bien desservi p	Studio coquet dans un quartier hyper central de Paris. Parfait pour tout visiter, sortir et se déplacer. Idéal pour un couple ou un petit groupe  (3 personnes Max) Parfaitement situé pour visiter Paris ou pour un passage professionnel *Clic Clac confort 2 places  *Salle de bains avec baignoire  *TV   * WIFI haut débits * Cuisine équipée * Machine à laver Présent pour vous présenter le quartier et le logement Quartier très charmant, historique et central. vous pourrez vous balader à pied, sortir de jour comme de nuit et découvrir Paris * Notre de dame * le Louvre * quartier latin * Saint Germain des Près tres bien desservi par les transport pour aller plus loin  Transport en commun Metro 4, 10  RER B et C Bus  Accès direct aux aéroports de Roissy CDG et Orly *Clic Clac confort 2 places  *Salle de bains avec baignoire  *TV   * WIFI haut débits * Cuisine équipée * Machine à laver Présent pour vous présenter le quartier et le logement Quartier très charmant, historique et central. vous pou
15877	Fully furnished flat with one double bedroom in Alcove Large living room with a kitchen part (microwave and ceramic hob) Flat Screen TV - WIFI ACCESS -  Bathroom with shower. Very Quiet and bright Place (windows on the backyard) in lively district (rue de Buci) English guide books avalailble in the flat. The district is very (website hidden) Germain des Prés is a very lively area where all parisians go out at night: full of restaurants, coffee shops, art galleries, cinemas, fashion shops. It is very well located, in the heart of Paris close to Latin Quarter. Therefore short walking distance of all main monuments and museums of Paris (Louvre Museum, Notre Dame, Musée d'Orsay, Luxembourg Gardens, Ste Chapelle ...) Metro Odéon, St Michel, Mabillon Ligne 4 ( north & South of Paris ) Ligne 10 ( Est & West of Paris ) RER B in ST Michel station = direct access to Roissy CDG and Orly Airports. Many buses: bus 63 is direct to Trocadero ( Eiffel Tower).   In an Ancient building the flat is on 4t	Fully furnished flat with one double bedroom in Alcove Large living room with a kitchen part (microwave and ceramic hob) Flat Screen TV - WIFI ACCESS -  Bathroom with shower. Very Quiet and bright Place (windows on the backyard) in lively district (rue de Buci) English guide books avalailble in the flat. The district is very (website hidden) Germain des Prés is a very lively area where all parisians go out at night: full of restaurants, coffee shops, art galleries, cinemas, fashion shops. It is very well located, in the heart of Paris close to Latin Quarter. Therefore short walking distance of all main monuments and museums of Paris (Louvre Museum, Notre Dame, Musée d'Orsay, Luxembourg Gardens, Ste Chapelle ...) Metro Odéon, St Michel, Mabillon Ligne 4 ( north & South of Paris ) Ligne 10 ( Est & West of Paris ) RER B in ST Michel station = direct access to Roissy CDG and Orly Airports. Many buses: bus 63 is direct to Trocadero ( Eiffel Tower).   In an Ancient building the flat is on 4t
15878	On the first floor with elevator, this lovely one bedroom is the perfect choice for a smooth and stylish stay in the heart of the 6th arrondissement of Paris. Recently refurbished and fully equipped, you will be seduced by its modern design that will provide all the comfort you need. Bright and very well laid out, the entrance opens directly on the comfy living room and the american kitchen. A large room divider separates the living area from the bedroom and its queensize bed (160*200), allowing you to play with the spaces. The apartment also displays a shower room with toilet and italian shower	A stone's throw away from the wonderful Luxembourg Garden, this apartment was recently refurbished to provide you the greatest comfort possible. Featuring a large living with open kitchen, a bedroom with double bed 160*200 and a shower room On the first floor with elevator, this lovely one bedroom is the perfect choice for a smooth and stylish stay in the heart of the 6th arrondissement of Paris. Recently refurbished and fully equipped, you will be seduced by its modern design that will provide all the comfort you need. Bright and very well laid out, the entrance opens directly on the comfy living room and the american kitchen. A large room divider separates the living area from the bedroom and its queensize bed (160*200), allowing you to play with the spaces. The apartment also displays a shower room with toilet and italian shower Enjoy  unlimited high speed wireless internet connection, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV programs. House linen and towel
15879	18m2 (small) but comfortable.  1st floor.  Located in the 6th arrondissement, close to the famous Boulevard St. Germain and central (cafes, restaurants and shops). There is a large comfortable double sofa bed , a table for eating,  codes for the internet access with the wifi. The small kitchen is equipped with : fridge, hob, microwave, coffee maker.  The bathroom is equipped with shower. The toilets are in the flat (private toilets, not shared). You are right in the heart of the buzzing St Germain des Pres area of the Rive Gauche. Notre Dame and the river are just a short stroll away, through the charming streets of the Latin Quarter, packed with wonderful cafes, restaurants and boutiques. This fashionable area is right in the heart of the city.  With good metro and bus connections to all parts of the city, you will be amazed by the charm of this area.  This fantastic studio offers a truly genuine up-scale Parisian experience.  I am sure you'll love it as much as I do!  See you soon !	The studio (18m2) for 2 is located 5 minutes walk from the metro Odeon, Pont Neuf and 10 minutes from Saint Germain and Chatelet. You'll find everything you need for a small but comfortable place to stay, really central, safe and full of life. 18m2 (small) but comfortable.  1st floor.  Located in the 6th arrondissement, close to the famous Boulevard St. Germain and central (cafes, restaurants and shops). There is a large comfortable double sofa bed , a table for eating,  codes for the internet access with the wifi. The small kitchen is equipped with : fridge, hob, microwave, coffee maker.  The bathroom is equipped with shower. The toilets are in the flat (private toilets, not shared). You are right in the heart of the buzzing St Germain des Pres area of the Rive Gauche. Notre Dame and the river are just a short stroll away, through the charming streets of the Latin Quarter, packed with wonderful cafes, restaurants and boutiques. This fashionable area is right in the heart of the city. 
15880	full of light and charme. 3 bedrooms (one of which can be used as playroom/ TV room). Very quiet.	Is in one of the best places in Paris. 3 mins walking from Jardin de Luxembourg in the heart of Saint Germain de Près. 5th floor, elevator, full of light and very tastefully furnished with a mix of design and antique furniture. Equipped for kids. full of light and charme. 3 bedrooms (one of which can be used as playroom/ TV room). Very quiet. We love to interact with guests if we are in town. In any case always available via e-mail. very lively, trendy, chic and full of young people.  By far one of the best places to stay in Paris. You can very easily reach all historical parts of the city. 2 Metro stations are waking distance: Vavin and Notre Dame des Champs. RER direct line to airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly are 10 mins walk (Luxembourg) We are leaving in the appartment what we like and collected since years and expect guests to treat this with respect.
15881	"Charming duplex studio, fully furnished, in the heart of the Latin Quarter (Odéon, St. Michel, Pont Neuf). The studio is located on quiet rue Christine in the 6th arondissement of Paris, in a 17th century building.  It has a classic Parisian feel, with exposed beams, terracotta floor tiles, and a view of neighboring rooftops. The studio is on the 3rd and topmost floor and is peaceful and light-filled.  There is no elevator. On the lower level is a living/dining area and kitchenette.   The living area has a  couch and flat screen cable TV.  The kitchenette is fully equipped with fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and two-burner stove.  The bedroom and bathroom are upstairs under the eaves, accessible by inside stairs. The central height of the upstairs celling is 180 cm (5'10""). The bedroom has two single futon mattresses (which can be placed separately or together), a cabinet with shelves, and a skylight window.  Bedding (sheets, quilts, pillows) and towels are provided.   There is mobil"	"Charming duplex studio, fully furnished, in the heart of the Latin Quarter (Odéon, St. Michel, Pont Neuf). The studio is located on quiet rue Christine in the 6th arondissement of Paris, in a 17th century building.  It has a classic Parisian feel, with exposed beams, terracotta floor tiles, and a view of neighboring rooftops. The studio is on the 3rd and topmost floor and is peaceful and light-filled.  There is no elevator. On the lower level is a living/dining area and kitchenette.   The living area has a  couch and flat screen cable TV.  The kitchenette is fully equipped with fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and two-burner stove.  The bedroom and bathroom are upstairs under the eaves, accessible by inside stairs. The central height of the upstairs celling is 180 cm (5'10""). The bedroom has two single futon mattresses (which can be placed separately or together), a cabinet with shelves, and a skylight window.  Bedding (sheets, quilts, pillows) and towels are provided.   There is mobil"
15882	Idéal pour un couple, l'appartement dégage une ambiance du Paris des années 20, le charme de ce pittoresque immeuble, cette cheminée propice a une fin de journée à la conquête de Paris, le calme d'une cour parisienne située au milieu des brasseries et lieux les plus mythiques; c'est le folklore français et modernisé. A deux pas du célèbre Café de Flore, au coin l’Hôtel Particuliers de Ralph Lauren, à quelques minutes de L’Hôtel où a vécu Oscar Wilde, non loin des beaux arts, ou de la maison de Gainsbourg, et le tout Paris à 10 minutes à vélo.	C'est en plein cœur du Paris chic et artistique que nous vous proposons ce petit coin d'authenticité. Niché au sommet des quartiers chic a l'esprit bohème, Saint Germain se révèle de jour comme de nuit.  Idéal pour un couple, l'appartement dégage une ambiance du Paris des années 20, le charme de ce pittoresque immeuble, cette cheminée propice a une fin de journée à la conquête de Paris, le calme d'une cour parisienne située au milieu des brasseries et lieux les plus mythiques; c'est le folklore français et modernisé. A deux pas du célèbre Café de Flore, au coin l’Hôtel Particuliers de Ralph Lauren, à quelques minutes de L’Hôtel où a vécu Oscar Wilde, non loin des beaux arts, ou de la maison de Gainsbourg, et le tout Paris à 10 minutes à vélo. C'est avec plaisir que nous vous guiderons dans vos premiers pas dans Paris. Disponibles et heureux de rencontrer de nouvelles personnes, nous ne manquerons pas de vous tenter avec les expositions à voir, les lieux à ne pas manquer, les endroits e
15883	Des oeuvres et une décoration atypique. 	Appartement d'Artistes. Charmant 2 pièces confortable pour séjourner à Paris. Quartier Montparnasse, proche toutes commoditées. Proximité des lignes de métro . Appartement tout équipé. Sécurisé. Des oeuvres et une décoration atypique. Très agréable! De nombreux restaurants autour. Un supermarché, une banque, une pharmacie, un bar tabac, un fleuriste, une excellente boulangerie et d'autres surprises à deux pas du logement. à 5 Min de 5 lignes de métro pour vous rendre rapidement dans les différents coins de Paris. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'informations.
15884	Elegant and fully-equipped 30m2 studio in the heart of Paris. 6th arrondissement (Rue Dauphine, Métro Odéon and Pont-Neuf, also close to Saint-Michel and Châtelet stations) with a splendid view of the Seine, the Samaritaine, the Pont-Neuf and the Square du Vert-Gallant. Walking distance from Châtelet, Notre-Dame, the Sainte-Chapelle, the Louvre, the Luxembourg graden, Saint-Michel (Latin Quarter) and Saint-Germain-des-Prés. 15 minutes walking from the Musée d'Orsay and the Centre Pompidou.  Many shops, cafés, wine bars, banks, post offices, chocolateries, boulangeries, patisseries, brasseries, cinemas, art galleries, laundries and very good restaurants all around... Amenities include: flat-screen cable television, DVD player, stereo, telephone (with unlimited calling to the USA, Canada and land phones in all European Union), wireless Internet, fold-out double bed, complete towels and sheets sets. The studio has a separate kitchen (fully equipped) and bathroom with bathtub. 3th floor. N	Elegant and fully-equipped 30m2 studio in the heart of Paris. 6th arrondissement (Rue Dauphine, Métro Odéon and Pont-Neuf, also close to Saint-Michel and Châtelet stations) with a splendid view of the Seine, the Samaritaine, the Pont-Neuf and the Square du Vert-Gallant. Walking distance from Châtelet, Notre-Dame, the Sainte-Chapelle, the Louvre, the Luxembourg graden, Saint-Michel (Latin Quarter) and Saint-Germain-des-Prés. 15 minutes walking from the Musée d'Orsay and the Centre Pompidou.  Many shops, cafés, wine bars, banks, post offices, chocolateries, boulangeries, patisseries, brasseries, cinemas, art galleries, laundries and very good restaurants all around... Amenities include: flat-screen cable television, DVD player, stereo, telephone (with unlimited calling to the USA, Canada and land phones in all European Union), wireless Internet, fold-out double bed, complete towels and sheets sets. The studio has a separate kitchen (fully equipped) and bathroom with bathtub. 3th floor. N
15885	This top floor location in Paris is ideal for long stays thanks to the layout of the flat. (It is also convienient for short parisian breaks) It will make you feel like young parisian (student or Young couples) when they start in life, once climbed the 6 floors and reach this lovely nest ! If you are over 1,80m, you'd be able to see the tip of the tour Eiffel once on the roof balcony ;-) if not simply enjoy Montparnasse tower onthe left, and Saint Sulpice on the rigth!	A perfect neat & cosy place in the center of Paris left bank, between Luxembourg park & the Montparnasse area. A step back in the early years of our Younger life, when 6 stairs without lift was fun!  >> 4 nigths minimum >> 2-3pers (max 4)       This top floor location in Paris is ideal for long stays thanks to the layout of the flat. (It is also convienient for short parisian breaks) It will make you feel like young parisian (student or Young couples) when they start in life, once climbed the 6 floors and reach this lovely nest ! If you are over 1,80m, you'd be able to see the tip of the tour Eiffel once on the roof balcony ;-) if not simply enjoy Montparnasse tower onthe left, and Saint Sulpice on the rigth! You'll be able to shop around and cook @ home or take your breakfast. You can also be independant to clean your clothes (washer/dryer). TV, WiFi, Music, i-pod station & playstation. We may not meet as i live in between South of France & Italy and travel a lot, but the concierge is
15886	Typical 17th century St Germain building. 4 windows on the courtyard. Very calm, full of charm, well arranged and fully furnished apartment. Bedroom, living room, bathroom, toilets and kitchen are all separated. There's a comfy sofa bed in the living room with its own access to the (website hidden) is in the bedroom	Charming 1 bedroom apt in the heart of the mythical St Germain des Prés. Surrounded by historical places (Le Louvre, Orsay), cafés (Flore), restaurants (Lipp) and shopping spots (Bon Marché), you will have the most memorable stay in Paris. Typical 17th century St Germain building. 4 windows on the courtyard. Very calm, full of charm, well arranged and fully furnished apartment. Bedroom, living room, bathroom, toilets and kitchen are all separated. There's a comfy sofa bed in the living room with its own access to the (website hidden) is in the bedroom Live as a Parisian, minus the cigarette !  The apartment is tobacco and parties-at-home free for the respect of our neigbours Via phone and airbnb messenger. Don't hesitate to ask for nice spots in Paris  One of the most famous area of Paris. Super central, well served and close to the main spots of interest. The Siena river is down the street. Café de Flore & Les Deux Magots at 2mn walk, le musée d'Orsay is at 12mn and le Louvre at 10mn!
15887	Beautiful, luminous and comfortable accomodation near by boulevard St. Germain des prés & Pont Neuf (2 minutes walk), Quai d'Orsay (5 minutes walk), Louvre museum & the bridge Pont des Arts (10 minutes walk), Marais District, Hôtel de Ville & Panthéon (15 minutes walk). Well equiped. Panoramic view of the roof of Paris (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, Orsay museum, Montparnasse Tower). 	Nice & quiet appartment of 35m², can accomodate 4 people, located in the heart of Paris, near St Germain-des-près & Pont Neuf. Fully furnished. Terrace with view over the  roofs (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame de Paris, Orsay Museum, Montparnasse tower).  Beautiful, luminous and comfortable accomodation near by boulevard St. Germain des prés & Pont Neuf (2 minutes walk), Quai d'Orsay (5 minutes walk), Louvre museum & the bridge Pont des Arts (10 minutes walk), Marais District, Hôtel de Ville & Panthéon (15 minutes walk). Well equiped. Panoramic view of the roof of Paris (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, Orsay museum, Montparnasse Tower).  Acess to the Wifi service Equipment (Fridge, washing machine, microwaves oven, dishwasher, glass ceramic cookers)  TV Bed sheets + bath towels  Telephone  Email  We are flexible  Odéon / Saint Michel / Pont Neuf  Subway 4,10, 7 Served by several bus RER B & C  Ideal for family  Elevator Secure accomodation (door code)  
15888	Calm, clean, clear studio in a cheerful, lively, shopping area, near the beautifull Luxembourg Gardens.	Independant studio renovated, quiet street Many shops , bars, open late Transport facilities Shower - Bathrobes Kitchenette (US Frige ) Continental breakfast supplied the 1st day Arrival before 18h, please Small dog allowed Calm, clean, clear studio in a cheerful, lively, shopping area, near the beautifull Luxembourg Gardens. Private shower room with toilet, kitchenette for breakfast and snacks. If they arrive before 6PM, I spend an hour explaining Paris, or more... It depends if I go away the week end. my neighbourhood is friendly. The metro line 4: St Placide (or Sevres-Babylone, lines 10 and 12) Many bus lines. Public car park at 250 m Boucicaut (€ 34 per day, € 52 for two days, three days 70 € (website hidden)) Many stations Vélib ' (bicycles) From the airport, take an official taxi in the queue (not a driver who could propose this).). The studio is better than the pictures ;)
15889		Luxury left bank flat, near the best store of Paris Le Bon Marché, Saint Germain des Prés. 3 bedrooms / 4 beds, 2 bath rooms, full equiped kitchen, very beautiful Haussman building, very quiet, internet, design furnishings, 120m2, one week minimum 
15890	This apartment is at 1st floor of a building located in a good standing residence without vis-à-vis. Accessed by only a flight of stairs from the ground floor, it is not served by an elevator. The access of the residence is secured by a gate closed with a key from 10pm to 6am. The building access is secured by a door code. The windows overlook an alley that leads to a high school. Therefore in the morning, at noon and when the student finish their day, it can get noisy. On evenings and on weekends it is very quiet though. The apartment has been renovated in March 2013. All the equipments, kitchen tools, etc…have been checked to make sure everything was at its right place ! This charming 60sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms. The entrance hall gives on the main room. It has been divided in two areas. The dining-room area with a dining table that can comfortably accommodate four people, and the living-room area equipped with a couch, a coffee table, an armchair and a piece of furnitu	Beautiful 60sqm 2-bedroom apartment ro rent for four people in the famous 6th district of Paris. Bright and comfortable, perfect for your vacation ! This apartment is at 1st floor of a building located in a good standing residence without vis-à-vis. Accessed by only a flight of stairs from the ground floor, it is not served by an elevator. The access of the residence is secured by a gate closed with a key from 10pm to 6am. The building access is secured by a door code. The windows overlook an alley that leads to a high school. Therefore in the morning, at noon and when the student finish their day, it can get noisy. On evenings and on weekends it is very quiet though. The apartment has been renovated in March 2013. All the equipments, kitchen tools, etc…have been checked to make sure everything was at its right place ! This charming 60sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms. The entrance hall gives on the main room. It has been divided in two areas. The dining-room area with a dining t
15891	"I welcome you in a very cute and luminous flat, fully furnished.  The flat has one large room with a kitchen space separated from the living room, and a bathroom.  It has just been renovated, so it's fresh and bright !  It's a calm and opened space on a courtyard by three large windows.  You can have a rest in the large bed, take a break in the bath or cook you some fresh dishes in the kitchenette! Of course, you can use the fridge, the oven/ microwave, the dishwasher, the washing machine, the induction plates and the flatiron.  You can also use freely the wi-fi (optic fibre internet) and the television with cable channels.  The flat is ideally located. You are near all public transportations : subway, bus, velib, autolib. Best location ! - 1 min walk from the Place Saint Sulpice - 1 min walk from Rue de Rennes - 5 min walk from Saint Germain des Prés, its famous art galleries and its ""Café de Flore"" - 5 min walk from Luxembourg garden  - 10 min walk from Odéon district"	Hello Friends! I propose you my lovely studio near Saint Germain des Prés, at the heart of Paris, in a beautiful street. You will be at 5 minute walk from the Place Saint Sulpice, Rue de Rennes, Saint Germain des Prés and Odéon ! I welcome you in a very cute and luminous flat, fully furnished.  The flat has one large room with a kitchen space separated from the living room, and a bathroom.  It has just been renovated, so it's fresh and bright !  It's a calm and opened space on a courtyard by three large windows.  You can have a rest in the large bed, take a break in the bath or cook you some fresh dishes in the kitchenette! Of course, you can use the fridge, the oven/ microwave, the dishwasher, the washing machine, the induction plates and the flatiron.  You can also use freely the wi-fi (optic fibre internet) and the television with cable channels.  The flat is ideally located. You are near all public transportations : subway, bus, velib, autolib. Best location ! - 1 min walk from the
15892		Studio mezzanine, St Germain. Kitchenette,shower, wc, many
15893		Our home in Paris is 67m2 and tastily decorated by the well known interior designer, Zohra Boukhari. It is situated between the Park of Luxembourg and Montparnasse. The home is fully equipped, a concierge is also available.
15894	Charmant et confortable  Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Paris centre RER  Luxembourg bus 21 27 Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Paris centre RER  Luxembourg bus 21 27 Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Paris centre RER  Luxembourg bus 21 27 Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Paris centre RER  Luxembourg bus 21 27	Bel appartement, clair, élégant et confortable. 4 ie étage sans ascenseur . Près du jardin du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, de la  rue Mouffetard, du quartier Saint Michel, de Notre Dame et de la Seine. Transport en commun a proximité. Charmant et confortable  Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Paris centre RER  Luxembourg bus 21 27 Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Paris centre RER  Luxembourg bus 21 27 Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Paris centre RER  Luxembourg bus 21 27 Tv   Dvd wifi chaîne stéréo  machines à laver linge et vaisselle Paris centre RER  Luxembourg bus 21 27
15895	Sought Charming flat  in the 2nd floor in a typical quiet building of this district with any conveniences at the heart of Paris, district of Saint Germain des Prés just a step from the magnificent Church Saint Sulpice and in Saint Germain des prés in the Latin Quarter. Its museums, its monumets, its squares, Its beautiful stores and good tables of restaurant, its famous cabarets and its night-life nocture , its famous café terrace Flora, both savings, its universities and its cinemas, the district is near sites and monuments, all the transport (subway, bus, taxi) in common are at the foot of the building. The studio of 30 m2 made up of equipped American Kichnette, table-bar, lounge / room with sofa reads pers (website hidden). Internet. Room of modern shower and bowl and TOILETS. The best to welcome you and make your journey , a fantastic moment!	Sought Charming flat  in the 2nd floor in a typical quiet building of this district with any conveniences at the heart of Paris, district of Saint Germain des Prés just a step from the magnificent Church Saint Sulpice and in Saint Germain des prés in the Latin Quarter. Its museums, its monumets, its squares, Its beautiful stores and good tables of restaurant, its famous cabarets and its night-life nocture , its famous café terrace Flora, both savings, its universities and its cinemas, the district is near sites and monuments, all the transport (subway, bus, taxi) in common are at the foot of the building. The studio of 30 m2 made up of equipped American Kichnette, table-bar, lounge / room with sofa reads pers (website hidden). Internet. Room of modern shower and bowl and TOILETS. The best to welcome you and make your journey , a fantastic moment!
15896	The Paris apartment is on two levels. The first one is on the ground floor and the second one is on the -1 floor. The whole building has a very good standing and the access is secured by a door code. A building keeper will make you feel even more secure. The apartment opens on a nice, flowered courtyard and has a private part with table and chairs. This is 70sqm and is one of the Paris apartment to rent that has two levels. The main one is on the ground floor. The entrance leads to the living-room on the right hand side. It has a sofabed (with a single mattress) and a large dining table where at least five people can easily sit. From the entrance hall, on the left hand side, you reach a bedroom. It has an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower, a dressing room that is perfect for storing your clothes or luggage and two single beds that can be put together to form a large double bed. In the corridor between the entrance hall and this bedroom you will find a lavatory on one side and the	If you need a comfortable place to chill after a busy day touring the city and should you be up to five people, this apartment in Paris is perfect for you to rent. A private courtyard is the cherry on top. The Paris apartment is on two levels. The first one is on the ground floor and the second one is on the -1 floor. The whole building has a very good standing and the access is secured by a door code. A building keeper will make you feel even more secure. The apartment opens on a nice, flowered courtyard and has a private part with table and chairs. This is 70sqm and is one of the Paris apartment to rent that has two levels. The main one is on the ground floor. The entrance leads to the living-room on the right hand side. It has a sofabed (with a single mattress) and a large dining table where at least five people can easily sit. From the entrance hall, on the left hand side, you reach a bedroom. It has an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower, a dressing room that is perfect for st
15897	In paris, finding a place with lot of sun and avoiding noise is rare !	Beautiful studio located at a big courtyard receives alot of light and protected from outside noise; located next to famous Bon Marché and only few minutes from boulvares st germains on foot          In paris, finding a place with lot of sun and avoiding noise is rare !
15898		In the very heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, rue des Saints-Pères, close to le Café de Flore, le Bon Marché and all Paris major museums, 38 square meter apartment on the ground floor and basement, overlooking a beautiful courtyard
15899	This beautiful and charming studio is at the heart of Saint Germain Des Pres, in the 6th Arrondissement of PARIS. It has a private terrace, with chairs and a coffee table, and a lovely view on the rooftops of Paris. It is fully furnished in a refined taste with an exquisite decoration. This 215 square meter apartment has one main room with a comfortable convertible sofa, an equipped kitchen, and a separate bathroom. The wooden floor and exposed beams add a lot of charm to this apartment. It is located on the 5th floor with an elevator. The environment is very calm, and the residence is safe with an entry system. It is at a walking distance from the famous Café de Flore and Café des 2 Magots. In a 5 minutes walk, by crossing the Seine on the romantic Pont des Arts, you can visit the Louvre. By walking along the Quais de Seine, you can discover Notre Dame de Paris, Ile de la Cité, and Ile St Louis. 	This beautiful and charming studio is at the heart of Saint Germain Des Pres, in the 6th Arrondissement of PARIS. It has a private terrace, with chairs and a coffee table, and a lovely view on the rooftops of Paris. It is fully furnished in a refined taste with an exquisite decoration. This 215 square meter apartment has one main room with a comfortable convertible sofa, an equipped kitchen, and a separate bathroom. The wooden floor and exposed beams add a lot of charm to this apartment. It is located on the 5th floor with an elevator. The environment is very calm, and the residence is safe with an entry system. It is at a walking distance from the famous Café de Flore and Café des 2 Magots. In a 5 minutes walk, by crossing the Seine on the romantic Pont des Arts, you can visit the Louvre. By walking along the Quais de Seine, you can discover Notre Dame de Paris, Ile de la Cité, and Ile St Louis.  Check-in is from 11:30am. A late arrival fee of 35€ applies to arrivals (check-in) betwee
