12000	Located in the 15th district of Paris, in a nice neighbourhood sourronded by bars, restaurants and shops, this apartment is perfect for a little family or a friend group staying in the City Light. It is composed by a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom with separated toilets and a fully fuirnished kitchen. It disposes also of a large balcony that will dazzle you with a panoramic view of Paris!	Incredible view of the Eiffel Tour, Invalides and Montparnasse! Located in the 15th district of Paris, in a nice neighbourhood sourronded by bars, restaurants and shops, this apartment is perfect for a little family or a friend group staying in the City Light. It is composed by a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom with separated toilets and a fully fuirnished kitchen. It disposes also of a large balcony that will dazzle you with a panoramic view of Paris! Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. La Motte-Picquet - Grenelle M10 M6 M8 98 m Cambronne M6 285 m Avenue Émile Zola M10 380 m We inform you that we set up a simply contract in order to remind you about the obligations of both parties: names of the tenant and the renter, the price, dates, rules of responsible conduct, the rental period and the address.
12001	I rent a lovely large sunny  private bedroom with large windows leading on to the balcony in my apartment within a 19th Century Haussman style building in  a nice and quiet neighborhood XVth district(Rive Gauche métro M12 Vaugirard or Convention) The room is very spacous and bright, you will find a lot of place for your own stuff. French cheminee, double wardrobe with shelving, 2 side tables and chrystal chandelier.Shared bathroom and kitchen.Wifi and elevator available clean bed linen are provided . Please note that linen are not ironed. Guests are allowed to use the fridge and the water. I rent to tourists/business professionals/students(females only) for short terms. The apt is located in a very nice neightboorod of Paris. The apartment is located walking distance from the Eiffel Tower.10 minutes walk for Porte de Versailles Exhibition center, 2 minutes walk from metro & bus, supermarket close by open until 10pm, bakeries at the corner and fresh market on sunday morning, trendy shop	I rent a lovely large sunny  private bedroom with large windows leading on to the balcony in my apartment within a 19th Century Haussman style building in  a nice and quiet neighborhood XVth district(Rive Gauche métro M12 Vaugirard or Convention) The room is very spacous and bright, you will find a lot of place for your own stuff. French cheminee, double wardrobe with shelving, 2 side tables and chrystal chandelier.Shared bathroom and kitchen.Wifi and elevator available clean bed linen are provided . Please note that linen are not ironed. Guests are allowed to use the fridge and the water. I rent to tourists/business professionals/students(females only) for short terms. The apt is located in a very nice neightboorod of Paris. The apartment is located walking distance from the Eiffel Tower.10 minutes walk for Porte de Versailles Exhibition center, 2 minutes walk from metro & bus, supermarket close by open until 10pm, bakeries at the corner and fresh market on sunday morning, trendy shop
12002	/!\ Réservation et location possible jusqu'au 21 Novembre 2015 /!\ /!\ Booking avalaible until 21 November 2015 /!\ Appartement confortable et agréable, parfait pour deux personnes. Idéal pour visiter ou revisiter la capitale. Sécurisé par bip + gardien à l'entrée de l'immeuble. - Cuisine équipée : four micro-ondes, plaques inductions, ustensiles de cuisine, frigo, etc. (pas de congélateur) - Salle de bain avec douche et lavabo - Canapé-lit - Draps et serviettes inclus -Machine à laver -Balcon ensoleillé avec canapé et petite table  Situé au 6ème avec ascenseur	Appartement de 34m² avec un grand balcon ensoleillé. Au 6éme étage avec ascenseur. Très calme et confortable en plein Montparnasse à 1min de la Gare. Galerie marchande au pied de l'immeuble. (Galerie Vaugirard) Possibilité de Parking privé en plus. /!\ Réservation et location possible jusqu'au 21 Novembre 2015 /!\ /!\ Booking avalaible until 21 November 2015 /!\ Appartement confortable et agréable, parfait pour deux personnes. Idéal pour visiter ou revisiter la capitale. Sécurisé par bip + gardien à l'entrée de l'immeuble. - Cuisine équipée : four micro-ondes, plaques inductions, ustensiles de cuisine, frigo, etc. (pas de congélateur) - Salle de bain avec douche et lavabo - Canapé-lit - Draps et serviettes inclus -Machine à laver -Balcon ensoleillé avec canapé et petite table  Situé au 6ème avec ascenseur Comme chez vous, l'appartement entier est à votre disposition. Une place de parking est disponible (sous sol immeuble). Joignable facilement, je répondrais à toutes vos questions ! & 
12003	The studio has been repaired. There is one double bed and one sofabed. In the bathroom you will find a bathtub which can be used as a shower. The toilets are independant.	Nice studio in perfect state in the 15th district of Paris.  Located between line 12 (Convention) and 13 (Plaisance) each accessible by foot in 10 min. One double bed, and one sofabed. Kitchen and WC are independant The studio has been repaired. There is one double bed and one sofabed. In the bathroom you will find a bathtub which can be used as a shower. The toilets are independant. Access to : - TV HD - Oven - Coffee maker - Toaster - Tea kettle My son Ludovic will welcome you and can show you the neighbourhood. He's got family in the same area and knows well the place. - Proximity with the 2 lines of metro  - Stores and restaurants at the bottom of the building. - Quiet (the flat isn't upon the street) 10 minutes by foot from line 12 (Convention) and 13 (Plaisance)
12004	Paris 15th arrondissement  Tour Eiffel/Commerce   This cosy loft apartment is located in Rue de l'Abbé Groult, just across Rue du Commerce one of Paris’ best shopping streets, around the corner from the beautiful Champ de Mars gardens and the Eiffel Tower, surely the city’s most-visited monument.  It is a duplex apartment on two floors connected by an inner staircase. At the ground floor, we have a sitting area with a sofa, an armchair and a coffee table, a dining table for 4 people, an equipped kitchen (4 fires cook top, microwave, coffeemaker, refrigerator/freezer); and the bathroom (bathtub-shower, wash basin and WC). On the upper floor, there is the sleeping area with two separate zones, one with a double bed and another with a very comfortable pulling out twin bed.  You will find also Tv, and Internet connection.   Address: Rue de l'Abbé Groult - 75015 / Ground Floor   Subway: Commerce (line 8), Felix Faure (line 8), Emile Zola (line 10)  Sleeps: 4 (1 double bed + 1 pull out twin 	Paris 15th arrondissement  Tour Eiffel/Commerce   This cosy loft apartment is located in Rue de l'Abbé Groult, just across Rue du Commerce one of Paris’ best shopping streets, around the corner from the beautiful Champ de Mars gardens and the Eiffel 
12005	 - 3rd floor of a very quiet townhouse - 1 living room with a sofa-bed 140 with comforter and pillow, a desk, a wardrobe with a mirror - 1 fully-equipped spacious kitchen with an adjustable table (dishes, toaster, coffee machine, kettle...) - 1 shower-room with washing machine - 1 water-closet (hoover, iron table, stepladder) Non smoking and no collocation 	Charming, elegant and very parisan flat, fully renovated, located in a quiet quartier. All comodities around. This two rooms flat is around 27 m2 with a separated kitchen, a small shower room + separated (website hidden) and internet Wifi all included.
12006	Cosy appartment ideally located close to rue du commerce (3 min walk), reknown for its shopping and Tour Eiffel (20min walk or 2 metro stops).  Safe area, with bistrots and cafés to enjoy French food.	The apartment is a one-bedroom appartment with 1 real double bed and 1 sofa convertible into a bed, 1 bathroom with bath and toilets separated. The location is ideal, 3 min walk from Metro Commerce on line 8, 20 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower. Cosy appartment ideally located close to rue du commerce (3 min walk), reknown for its shopping and Tour Eiffel (20min walk or 2 metro stops).  Safe area, with bistrots and cafés to enjoy French food. wireless and TV Best effort basis Safe area Many shops in rue du commerce Nice bistrots and cafés nearby to enjoy French food Metro Line 8 - Commerce Station (3min walk) Metro Line 10 - Emile Zola (5min walk) Metro Line 6 - La Motte Picquet Grenelle (10min walk) Velib with bikes to rent in the street Appartment is in the 4th floor with no elevator 
12007	This is fan-shaped apartment with a large lounge in the middle and one bedroom at each extremity (snoring, therefore, does not carry from one to the other). Add in the bathroom (bath with shower), toilet, kitchen (which is excessively proud of its view of the Eiffel Tower) and small study (a cubby-hole with my desk and book collection jammed into it - logophiles can have hours of fun with my 20 volume OED), and you have the extent of my domestic empire. The apartment is on the sixth floor of a seven-story building (with lift) on a very quiet street.  Our concierge lives at the bottom of my stairwell, and will watch your every coming and going (so this is not a good choice for criminals on the run, or Hollywood celebrities seeking anonymity).  The apartment is neat, tidy and furnished so as to provide endless opportunities to admire the parquet floor (this is an underhand way of avoiding the adjective “spartan”).  There’s a queen sized bed in one bedroom, and two single beds in the othe	A calm, uncluttered apartment in a characterful Left Bank neighbourhood. With two well-separated bedrooms, wooden floors throughout, and great metro connections (three different lines nearby), this is an ideal base for exploring Paris. This is fan-shaped apartment with a large lounge in the middle and one bedroom at each extremity (snoring, therefore, does not carry from one to the other). Add in the bathroom (bath with shower), toilet, kitchen (which is excessively proud of its view of the Eiffel Tower) and small study (a cubby-hole with my desk and book collection jammed into it - logophiles can have hours of fun with my 20 volume OED), and you have the extent of my domestic empire. The apartment is on the sixth floor of a seven-story building (with lift) on a very quiet street.  Our concierge lives at the bottom of my stairwell, and will watch your every coming and going (so this is not a good choice for criminals on the run, or Hollywood celebrities seeking anonymity).  The apartme
12008		petit appartement de 40 mètres carré comprenant une chambre avec un lit double, une salle de vie avec un canapé lit, une table et des chaises, une cuisine équipée et séparée et une salle de bain.
12009	The apartment, 50 square meters, has been completely renovated and decorated with design furnitures. Bright and sunny, located on the first floor, it comprises two rooms and a living room, all with wooden floors. It is very quiet and has double glazed windows.  The apartment is ideal for a couple but can easily host 3 people. The flat is very well located, few meters from the lively Rue du Commerce and La Motte Piquet neighborhood. Walking distance to the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower.  More detailed description of the flat: The living room includes, amongst other things,a leather sofa, a designer painting, an open kitchen with a bar and 4 high chairs. You will find a flat screen  (3D TV) on the wall. The first room includes a 140 x 200 cm double bed  and design furnitures. The second room includes a convertible sofa for 1 person. Free high speed internet/Wifi in the flat Fully equipped kitchen with brand new high quality appliances: washing machine, induction hob, Neff oven, mic	Redesigned  2 bedroom flat (50 sqm), with brand new appliances. Very well located, 2 minutes from bustling rue du Commerce, and at walking distance from Champs de Mars & Eiffel Tower. The closest tube is at 200m. Up to 3 guests The apartment, 50 square meters, has been completely renovated and decorated with design furnitures. Bright and sunny, located on the first floor, it comprises two rooms and a living room, all with wooden floors. It is very quiet and has double glazed windows.  The apartment is ideal for a couple but can easily host 3 people. The flat is very well located, few meters from the lively Rue du Commerce and La Motte Piquet neighborhood. Walking distance to the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower.  More detailed description of the flat: The living room includes, amongst other things,a leather sofa, a designer painting, an open kitchen with a bar and 4 high chairs. You will find a flat screen  (3D TV) on the wall. The first room includes a 140 x 200 cm double bed  and 
12010		Très bel appartement, disposant de toutes les commodités (cuisine équipée, wifi, chauffage...) et idéalement situé (à 10 minutes de la tour Eiffel, d'Opéra et des Champs-Elysées), dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. Peut loger 4 personnes.
12011	Le logement comporte 1 chambre avec grande penderie (et un projecteur pour les soirées ciné !) 1 salon / salle à manger avec canapé-lit (1 adulte ou 2 enfants) 1 cuisine séparée bien équipée (four, micro-ondes, plaques à induction, grille-pain, presse-orange...) 1 salle de bain avec une douche (sèche-cheveu) 1 WC séparé (avec machine à laver)	Deux-pièces situé rue Beaugrenelle (très calme, proximité immédiate des commerces).  L'appartement typiquement parisien avec moulures et parquet a été refait à neuf cet été, il offre tout le confort et l'espace pour se reposer entre deux visites Le logement comporte 1 chambre avec grande penderie (et un projecteur pour les soirées ciné !) 1 salon / salle à manger avec canapé-lit (1 adulte ou 2 enfants) 1 cuisine séparée bien équipée (four, micro-ondes, plaques à induction, grille-pain, presse-orange...) 1 salle de bain avec une douche (sèche-cheveu) 1 WC séparé (avec machine à laver) La tour Eiffel se situe à 10 minutes à pied. L'ensemble de Paris est accessible en métro (station Charles Michel à 50 mètre, station Dupleix à 5 minutes) Le quartier est résidentiel, on y trouve donc tous les commerces de proximité (boulangerie au coin de la rue, petits supermarchés, boucheries, fruits et légumes). Le centre commercial Beaugrenelle se situe par ailleurs à 2 minutes.  L'appartement est à 50
12012	My « home sweet home » is an old artist studio, totally renovated and transformed in a large duplex apartment. It offers a bright view on a quite private garden through its huge window. Located in Montparnasse, you will find here the real Parisian lifestyle ! THE APARTMENT – 67m2 As an old artist studio, the apartment is really atypical and (website hidden)'s 5 meters ceiling height and very bright thanks to the large window obove the garden. Kitchen is well equipped : fridge, freezer, oven, microwaves. I let you serve yourself with basic ingredients like salt, peper, oil… Living-room is composed of a large 6 persons table and a futon-sofa which offers an double extra bed. By the way it is a traditional futon, so it is pretty tight (120cm)! YOUR BEDROOM – 15m2 (room n°1 on plan) Located on the 2d floor this large bedroom is actually a mezzanine above the living-room. So you can enjoy the bright nice view on the garden. If necessary, Venetian blinds makes the room more privacy. Bedroom 	My « home sweet home » is an old artist studio, totally renovated and transformed in a large duplex apartment. It offers a bright view on a quite private garden through its huge window. Located in Montparnasse, you will find here the real Parisian lifestyle ! THE APARTMENT – 67m2 As an old artist studio, the apartment is really atypical and (website hidden)'s 5 meters ceiling height and very bright thanks to the large window obove the garden. Kitchen is well equipped : fridge, freezer, oven, microwaves. I let you serve yourself with basic ingredients like salt, peper, oil… Living-room is composed of a large 6 persons table and a futon-sofa which offers an double extra bed. By the way it is a traditional futon, so it is pretty tight (120cm)! YOUR BEDROOM – 15m2 (room n°1 on plan) Located on the 2d floor this large bedroom is actually a mezzanine above the living-room. So you can enjoy the bright nice view on the garden. If necessary, Venetian blinds makes the room more privacy. Bedroom 
12013	Trois pièces : une chambre avec  futon deux places (pas de vrai lit) et une chambre avec futon une place (chaque pièce avec son balcon) et un lumineux séjour avec deux balcons.	Typical Parisian apartment with view over Paris, extremely bright , 65m2, four balconies , seventh floor ( with elevator). View of all Paris.  Very safe area, close to the Rue du Commerce (with several shops, cafés and restaurants). Two rooms and a living room. No beds, only fultons great quality. Trois pièces : une chambre avec  futon deux places (pas de vrai lit) et une chambre avec futon une place (chaque pièce avec son balcon) et un lumineux séjour avec deux balcons.
12014	A private flat of 32 Sqm : The main room with an open kitchen, a bedroom with it owns bedroom.	"Charming, before it was the last farm of the first District in Paris. In the really dynamic area of  Commerce Street, 3 blocks from Champs Mars and Eiffel Tour. A private flat of 32 Sqm : The main room with an open kitchen, a bedroom with it owns bedroom. Easy, we will give the key right when they arrive rue Fondary. Nice exchange as they have with their neighbors. Let's share some good cheese and wines !!! Talk about lifestyle. That they feel like at home. Metropolitan line 6,8 et 10. Stations : ""La Motte Piquet"" and ""Emile Zola""  Taste and enjoy the famous french nails just right down to the building."
12015	girls ONLY! the perfect location to discover Paris! this apartment is only 2 minutes' walk to Eiffel tower and the river Seine, but completly separated from the noisy crowds.  1 minute's walk from Metro line 6 Bir-hakeim station, or RER C Champ-de-mars. easy access to various public transit. doing groceries is super convenient because there are 2 super markets just around the corner.the full equipped kitchen allows you to make your own French dinner. or you can just eat in the various bars and restaurants nearby.  	lovely apartment close to Eiffel tower and the river Seine. girls ONLY! the perfect location to discover Paris! this apartment is only 2 minutes' walk to Eiffel tower and the river Seine, but completly separated from the noisy crowds.  1 minute's walk from Metro line 6 Bir-hakeim station, or RER C Champ-de-mars. easy access to various public transit. doing groceries is super convenient because there are 2 super markets just around the corner.the full equipped kitchen allows you to make your own French dinner. or you can just eat in the various bars and restaurants nearby.   you have free access to the kitchen, shower and toilet. you are welcome to use the shampoo, toothpaste, soap, detergent and all the ingredients in the kitchen. and you can use the printer too! since it is located in a building with many other local residents, please stay polite and calm.
12016		Un petit 15m2 au pied de la Tour Eiffel! Vue imprenable sur le Champs de Mars et ses alentours. Proche du RER C et à 5 min du métro. A small appartment at the foot of the Eiffel Tower! An astonishing view , close to the subway.
12017	Appartement cosy, fonctionnel, et équipé.	Appartement sécurisé, concierge Deux pièces, parquet au sol, lit deux places + un canapé lit deux places, machine à laver à disposition, jeux vidéos, tv, wifi. Serviettes et draps fournis. Quartier Convention, commerces et métro à proximité. Appartement cosy, fonctionnel, et (website hidden), Wifi, Console de jeux vidéos, Machine à laver, Micro ondes (fonction grill), Plaques de cuisson à gaz.  A disposition des voyageurs. La vie de quartier, les commerces proches, marché présent le dimanche matin au pied de l'appartement. Métro le plus proche: Ligne 12 Ligne métro 12 ou 8 (10 minutes de marches)
12018	Your dream is to visit Paris? You come to a show at Porte de Versailles? You are traveling on business? Our apartment is for you! Located 3 minutes walk from the metro line 13 and 8 minutes walk from the exhibition center, it is ideally located to visit all parts of Paris. the flat has a capacity of two people in a real bed but a sofa bed is available for one or two additional people.	Your dream is to visit Paris? You come to a show at Porte de Versailles? You are traveling on business? Our apartment is for you! Located 3 minutes walk from the metro line 13 and 8 minutes walk from the exhibition center, it is ideally located to visit all parts of Paris. the flat has a capacity of two people in a real bed but a sofa bed is available for one or two additional people. The accommodation consists of two large rooms. The room at the entrance has a desk, a high table to eat and directly overlooks an open kitchen style. The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, hob, oven, dishwasher, fridge and freezer. At the bottom side of the kitchen is the bathroom and toilet are behind the glass door (see photos). It boasts a large shower and a washbasin mirror. The second piece is long, split by movable partitions. So you can either have a large room or two separate rooms. A real bed (a bed wardrobe) is available as a click clack sofa. If you are more than two people to sleep so y
12019	Bel appartement situé proche des plus beaux endroits de Paris. Le métro est au pied de l'appartement (ligne 8). Vous êtes en métro à 10 minutes de la place de l'Opéra! Quartier familiale avec la rue du Commerce qui est au pied de l'appartement Tous les magasins de la rue du Commerce, le centre commercial Beau Grenelle, les plus beaux endroits de Paris à visiter Quartier familial, très commerçant (rue du Commerce), situé à côté des plus beaux endroits à visiter (Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars, Invalide, ....) Le métro est au pied du métro Commerce (ligne 8) 	Bel appartement situé proche des plus beaux endroits de Paris. Le métro est au pied de l'appartement (ligne 8). Vous êtes en métro à 10 minutes de la place de l'Opéra! Quartier familiale avec la rue du Commerce qui est au pied de l'appartement Tous les magasins de la rue du Commerce, le centre commercial Beau Grenelle, les plus beaux endroits de Paris à visiter Quartier familial, très commerçant (rue du Commerce), situé à côté des plus beaux endroits à visiter (Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars, Invalide, ....) Le métro est au pied du métro Commerce (ligne 8) 
12020		Appartement neuf à 20 mètres du métro Portes de Versailles, et du Parc des expositions, très calme.                                                           1 chambre avec salle de bain, Wc indépendant, cuisine ouverte, séjour avec  canapé lit 2 places et écran plat.
12021	Appartement de 40m2 situé au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur) dans une petite rue très calme du 15ème arrondissement Une grande chambre avec un lit 140x200, un bureau et des rangements (et un petit balcon !) Un salon avec canapé convertible (140x200), télévision et une table pour les repas (et un petit balcon !) 1 cuisine équipée (évier, frigo, four, plaques et micro-ondes) 1 salle de bain (douche et lavabo) et WC	Bel appartement de 40m2 dans le centre de Paris (15° arr.) situé dans rue très calme entre Cambronne et Vaugirard, proche commerces 1 chambre avec lit 140, bureau et rangements 1 salon avec canapé 140convertible 1 cuisine et une salle de bain avec WC Appartement de 40m2 situé au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur) dans une petite rue très calme du 15ème arrondissement Une grande chambre avec un lit 140x200, un bureau et des rangements (et un petit balcon !) Un salon avec canapé convertible (140x200), télévision et une table pour les repas (et un petit balcon !) 1 cuisine équipée (évier, frigo, four, plaques et micro-ondes) 1 salle de bain (douche et lavabo) et WC Accès complet à l'appartement Logement vide pendant les dates de disponibilité Personne de confiance pour accueillir les voyageurs et leur remettre les clés Quartier très agréable, familial et sécurisé. Proximité immédiate des Invalides, de la Tour Eiffel... Facilité pour se déplacer dans Paris avec les nombreuses lignes de métro et d
12022	STANDING Small building standing back from the street. It is a small house with 4 floors. The Paris apartment rental is located on the first floor with an elevator. It overlooks the street and a courtyard. LAYOUT Apartment to rent in Paris of 45 m2 consisting of a large living room and a bedroom with one double bed (160*200) that can be split into two single beds (80 * 200). The bedroom gives access to the bathroom with a bathtub in the corner. The toilets are separate from the bathroom and are independently accessible from the bedroom and lounge. The living/dining room has a beautiful large wooden table allowing up to 6 to 8 guests to enjoy dinner. The sofa is convertible and allows two additional sleeping spaces for people. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped. In a few words, it is a typically Parisian apartment, very calm and peaceful, in a residential and lively neighborhood.	A typically Parisian apartment to rent that is very calm and peaceful, situated in a residential and lively neighborhood. In a building that is more like a small Parisian house. La Tour Eiffel is only a walk away. STANDING Small building standing back from the street. It is a small house with 4 floors. The Paris apartment rental is located on the first floor with an elevator. It overlooks the street and a courtyard. LAYOUT Apartment to rent in Paris of 45 m2 consisting of a large living room and a bedroom with one double bed (160*200) that can be split into two single beds (80 * 200). The bedroom gives access to the bathroom with a bathtub in the corner. The toilets are separate from the bathroom and are independently accessible from the bedroom and lounge. The living/dining room has a beautiful large wooden table allowing up to 6 to 8 guests to enjoy dinner. The sofa is convertible and allows two additional sleeping spaces for people. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped. In a f
12023	Appartement situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble calme et entouré d'un parc. Accessible par transports publics : Metro : - Ligne 8 Station Boucicaut - Ligne 12 Station Convention / Porte de Versailles Tramway : - Ligne T2 Station Porte de Versailles - Ligne T3 Station Porte de Versailles Situé dans le quartier Convention / Porte de Versailles - Parc des Expositions - Boucicaut. Le quartier est commerçant et possède de nombreux restaurants, magasins, cinéma, parcs, ... Point de départ idéal pour visiter la capitale et ses lieux incontournables : La Tour Eiffel, Les Invalides, la Place de la Concorde, les Champs Elysées sont à quelques minutes en métro. Pour les visiteurs qui viennent à Paris pour des Salons, le Parc des Expositions de Porte de Versailles se trouve à 5 min à pied. Location uniquement pour de courtes durées. (Maximum 1 semaine)	Charmant 3 pièces dans un immeuble calme du 15ème arrondissement de Paris, quartier Convention/ Boucicaut et proche du Parc des Expositions de Porte de Versailles. Appartement situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble calme et entouré d'un parc. Accessible par transports publics : Metro : - Ligne 8 Station Boucicaut - Ligne 12 Station Convention / Porte de Versailles Tramway : - Ligne T2 Station Porte de Versailles - Ligne T3 Station Porte de Versailles Situé dans le quartier Convention / Porte de Versailles - Parc des Expositions - Boucicaut. Le quartier est commerçant et possède de nombreux restaurants, magasins, cinéma, parcs, ... Point de départ idéal pour visiter la capitale et ses lieux incontournables : La Tour Eiffel, Les Invalides, la Place de la Concorde, les Champs Elysées sont à quelques minutes en métro. Pour les visiteurs qui viennent à Paris pour des Salons, le Parc des Expositions de Porte de Versailles se trouve à 5 min à pied. Location uniquement pour de cou
12024	This splendide studio of 280 square feet (approx 26 square meters) is based rue Rouelle, at two steps from Eiffel Tower, in the heart of the charming La Motte-Picquet-Grenelle district. A lift is available to access the first french floor. You will enjoy the totally separated living/dinning room and the kitchen fully equipped and brand new, both with a cute and luminous adjoining little terrace. The bathroom is new and modern style. Two people can be welcomed in this modern apartment including a confortable new sofa-bed. Ideal for business or trip travel. The apartment has been totally refurbished in 2013 and permits a very quick access to the new Mall center Beaugrenelle. The closest metro station is Dupleix (line 6) 	Brand new studio with very shinny living room. Kitchen fully equipped and separed. Two steps from Eiffel Tower    This splendide studio of 280 square feet (approx 26 square meters) is based rue Rouelle, at two steps from Eiffel Tower, in the heart of the charming La Motte-Picquet-Grenelle district. A lift is available to access the first french floor. You will enjoy the totally separated living/dinning room and the kitchen fully equipped and brand new, both with a cute and luminous adjoining little terrace. The bathroom is new and modern style. Two people can be welcomed in this modern apartment including a confortable new sofa-bed. Ideal for business or trip travel. The apartment has been totally refurbished in 2013 and permits a very quick access to the new Mall center Beaugrenelle. The closest metro station is Dupleix (line 6) - sheets and towels - Internet  - WiFi - lift - international TV channels - washing machine We are available 7d/7, from 9am until 7pm. This apartment is the p
12025	"One or two bedrooms (couch in each), with a shared bathroom  in the upper level of our big appartment ( duplex) close to Eiffel tower ( 10 mns by feet) and close to metro stations (Commerce on line 8 and Emile Zola on line 10). It's possible to rent only one bedroom or both ( double price), depending on the number you are.. Booking and calendar for the second room on ""Paris 1 or 2 rooms métro Commerce"" : https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/865603 No breakfast included. Access to the kitchen for breakfast. All commerces available in the street nearby, restaurants and cafés.. French: Une ou deux chambres ( canapé lit dans chacune), avec salle d'eau commune à l'étage supérieur d'un  duplex près de la Tour Eiffel (10 mn à pied). Deux stations de métro: Commerce (line 8) et Emile Zola ( ligne 10). Possible de louer une seule chambre ou les deux ( double prix). Réservation et calendrier de la deuxième chambre sur ""Paris 1 or 2 rooms métro Commerce"": https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/865603 Petit déjeuner "	" 2 Rooms with light, peace, comfort, independance, in a wonderful area close to Eiffel Tower..to rent together or separately 55€ and 65€/night  One or two bedrooms (couch in each), with a shared bathroom  in the upper level of our big appartment ( duplex) close to Eiffel tower ( 10 mns by feet) and close to metro stations (Commerce on line 8 and Emile Zola on line 10). It's possible to rent only one bedroom or both ( double price), depending on the number you are.. Booking and calendar for the second room on ""Paris 1 or 2 rooms métro Commerce"" : https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/865603 No breakfast included. Access to the kitchen for breakfast. All commerces available in the street nearby, restaurants and cafés.. French: Une ou deux chambres ( canapé lit dans chacune), avec salle d'eau commune à l'étage supérieur d'un  duplex près de la Tour Eiffel (10 mn à pied). Deux stations de métro: Commerce (line 8) et Emile Zola ( ligne 10). Possible de louer une seule chambre ou les deux ( double pri"
12026	It's a beautiful apartment, enlightened, in a very nice location. Living room is wide, and there are 2 rooms, ours and the one we are pleased to rent to out AirBnB guests. The building is of typical French Haussmanian style, we live on the seventh floor with elevator. There is a code to enter the main gate, and an interphone to enter the building. You'll have your own room with a twin-size bed (1,60m to 2,00m).  If you come to Paris to go sightseeing, to do shopping, for business or just to plunge into the magnificent atmosphere of the most charming city, this apartment is just what you need!  We also welcome students, who want to stay for some weeks and longer! We'll suggest you a good discount! You're sincerely welcome!	We welcome you in our apartment for short or long stay! It's a beautiful apartment, enlightened, in a very nice location. Living room is wide, and there are 2 rooms, ours and the one we are pleased to rent to out AirBnB guests. The building is of typical French Haussmanian style, we live on the seventh floor with elevator. There is a code to enter the main gate, and an interphone to enter the building. You'll have your own room with a twin-size bed (1,60m to 2,00m).  If you come to Paris to go sightseeing, to do shopping, for business or just to plunge into the magnificent atmosphere of the most charming city, this apartment is just what you need!  We also welcome students, who want to stay for some weeks and longer! We'll suggest you a good discount! You're sincerely welcome! Towels, bed sheets, shampoo is provided. We offer WIFI internet. You can access the kitchen anytime, we made available to you a kettle and a Nespresso machine with Tea, coffee and sugar. We are a young couple, us
12027	Charming, cool, quiet and sunny flat, near the river, renovated in 2000 and 2014, with two nice double bedrooms, two bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a great living and dining room with balcony and a wide view towards south of Paris.  A free parking lot at the entrance of our building. And a safe place for bicycles directly in the ground floor. We have a private parking lot for one car and access to a bicycle safe storage room inside the building.	Venez habiter un vrai quartier parisien tout près de la Seine et de la Tour Eiffel ! Profitez du calme, du soleil, de la vue dégagée, du balcon et du parking gratuit…  À deux pas également des petits commerces authentiques de la rue de Lourmel, du marché en plein air Boulevard de grenelle et du nouveau centre commercial de luxe Beaugrenelle ! Un endroit que nous aimons et qui permet à tous de découvrir Paris de façon authentique et très agréable (merci à nos visiteurs de tous les continents ) Charming, cool, quiet and sunny flat, near the river, renovated in 2000 and 2014, with two nice double bedrooms, two bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a great living and dining room with balcony and a wide view towards south of Paris.  A free parking lot at the entrance of our building. And a safe place for bicycles directly in the ground floor. We have a private parking lot for one car and access to a bicycle safe storage room inside the building. A few minutes away  from subway, bus, train
12028	"Situated in the center of Paris, in a nice calm district (15th) ,at 7th floor, our studio has  a beautiful  view on town and Eiffel Tower. And it is so precious for Paris! You need only 25 min by walk or 15m by bus to get to Champs de Mars  and touch the Iron Lady.  The apartment is close to supermarkets, pharmacy,restaurants and traditional french market (twice per week) where you can buy fresh food.  -The nearest metro stations (Lines, 10, 8, RER C) and bus stops are 8 min by walk. You get quickly to the historical places of Paris : Notre Dame,la Sorbonne,St.Germain des Près. Only 20 min by train and you are in  Versailles. -There is a nice park André Citroen close to our place. -The Seine river with it's famous banks and the bridge Mirabeau are 6min from here.You can have a walk down the river and enjoy the view of picturesque barges (so parisians) and the copy of Stature of Liberty! ""La plage"" is a restaurant on the barge with a beautiful view for romantic dinner or lunch. -There a"	"Situated in the center of Paris, in a nice calm district (15th) ,at 7th floor, our studio has  a beautiful  view on town and Eiffel Tower. And it is so precious for Paris! You need only 25 min by walk or 15m by bus to get to Champs de Mars  and touch the Iron Lady.  The apartment is close to supermarkets, pharmacy,restaurants and traditional french market (twice per week) where you can buy fresh food.  -The nearest metro stations (Lines, 10, 8, RER C) and bus stops are 8 min by walk. You get quickly to the historical places of Paris : Notre Dame,la Sorbonne,St.Germain des Près. Only 20 min by train and you are in  Versailles. -There is a nice park André Citroen close to our place. -The Seine river with it's famous banks and the bridge Mirabeau are 6min from here.You can have a walk down the river and enjoy the view of picturesque barges (so parisians) and the copy of Stature of Liberty! ""La plage"" is a restaurant on the barge with a beautiful view for romantic dinner or lunch. -There a"
12029	It's on the 1st floor of a cute building after a little courtyard. It is 215 ft2 or 20 sqm. It's located in the heart of Paris, 10 min walk from Montparnasse. The apartment includes : 1 Bedroom with a real bed for 2 persons 1 Kitchen 1 Bathroom with shower 1 Separate Restrooms in the hallway (not shared) just outside the door with a key.  The private restrooms are really close from the apartment : less than 1 meter away (or 39 inches) from the main door of the apartment in the hallway. A key gives access to the private restrooms. Just to be clear, the restrooms are PRIVATE (not shared) and very clean :-). The place is very quiet and calm. So it's easy to get used to it and sleep well. The apartment is in safe building and SECURE. neighborhood. Cleaning is done by my Housemaid before your stay. You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is NOT A SHARE. NICE LOCATION The apartment is located in the great area Montparnasse. It is a very central district very convenient to trave	Cute apartment in the center of Paris near Montparnasse for 2 persons. Well located in a nice neighborhood. Quiet & safe. Checkin time is at 5pm because the apt needs to be cleaned up & it's not possible to drop the luggage before that time.Thanks :) It's on the 1st floor of a cute building after a little courtyard. It is 215 ft2 or 20 sqm. It's located in the heart of Paris, 10 min walk from Montparnasse. The apartment includes : 1 Bedroom with a real bed for 2 persons 1 Kitchen 1 Bathroom with shower 1 Separate Restrooms in the hallway (not shared) just outside the door with a key.  The private restrooms are really close from the apartment : less than 1 meter away (or 39 inches) from the main door of the apartment in the hallway. A key gives access to the private restrooms. Just to be clear, the restrooms are PRIVATE (not shared) and very clean :-). The place is very quiet and calm. So it's easy to get used to it and sleep well. The apartment is in safe building and SECURE. neighborh
12030	TOUT LE CONFORT NECESSAIRE AINSI QUE DES SERVIETTES DE BAINS ET LINGE DE LIT A VOTRE DISPOSITION	Joli appartement avec vue sur La Tour Eiffel, à 150 m du metro. Nice flat on the 6th floor no elevator, with a great view to the Eiffel Tower. with a direct access to Invalides, Montparnasse, The Champs-Elysees. All convenience nearby. TOUT LE CONFORT NECESSAIRE AINSI QUE DES SERVIETTES DE BAINS ET LINGE DE LIT A VOTRE DISPOSITION JE RESTE A PROXIMITÉ PENDANT TOUTE LA DURÉE DE LA LOCATION JE SUIS DONC DISPONIBLE EN CAS DE BESOIN LES QUARTIER NE PRÉSENTE PAS GRAND INTÉRÊT MAIS VOUS POUVEZ TROUVEZ TOUT CE DONT VOUS AUREZ BESOIN AU QUOTIDIEN BOULANGERIE EPICERIE FAST FOOD... CE QUI LE REND INTÉRESSENT C EST SA SITUATION VOUS ETES A 4 STATIONS DE METRO DE MONTPARNASSE A 9 STATIONS DES CHAMPS ELYSEES A MOINS DE 20 MINUTES EN TRANSPORT DE LA TOUR EIFFEL  ET MEME PAS DIX MINUTES DE LA PORTE DE VERSAILLES
12031	"Based in a quiet neighbourhood, close to many shops and to the Georges Brassens park. Very bright and with a clear/open view. Situé dans un quartier calme & commerçant, à proximité du parc Georges Brassens. Notre appartement est ""traversant"" et de fait, très lumineux avec une vue dégagée."	"Welcome in our very nice, quiet & bright apartment, with all the necessary equipment you'll need to feel at home. Located in a typical Parisian aera, with a lot of cafes & clothing stores and very close to the nice Georges Brassens park. Based in a quiet neighbourhood, close to many shops and to the Georges Brassens park. Very bright and with a clear/open view. Situé dans un quartier calme & commerçant, à proximité du parc Georges Brassens. Notre appartement est ""traversant"" et de fait, très lumineux avec une vue dégagée. Close to the Porte de Versailles. Proche de la porte de Versailles. We'll be happy to share all our good tips/addresses!  Restaurants, shops, museums... Just tell us what you need, want to do/see. Maps of the city and of the public transportations will be also available. Nous serons heureux de partager nos bonnes adresses de restos, magasins, musées. N'hésitez pas à nous indiquer ce que vous voulez voir, faire. Une carte de la ville et des transports en commun sera ég"
12032	Bonjour and welcome in our flat ! Our flat is located rue Desnouettes, Paris 15th. It is 4 subway stations away from the Effeil Tower, 8 from Concorde square, 5 from Montparnasse, 8 from St Germain des Près.  The CITY CENTER is 1/2 h away from the flat.  The flat is located between 3 subway stations in a nice and safe area of Paris. Métro : Porte de Versailles (Line 12, T2, T3) -7min walk away-, Convention (Ligne 12) -12min away-, Lourmel (Line 8) -8min away-. Bus n°39 will take you directly to Saint Germain or to the Louvres in 1/2h. The bus stop is 50 m away from the flat. 3rd floor with an elevator, 3ème étage avec ascenseur. LIVING ROOM : wifi, flat-screen, DVD Blue ray, Hi-Fi, Sofa bed, wifi printer, telephone free for international*. Salon : wifi, écran plat, lecteur DVD blue ray, Hi-Fi, canapé convertible, imprimante wifi, téléphone illimité à l'international*. BLUE BEDROOM : double bed, single loft bed (no children under 6), AC, desktop, wardrobe. Chambre bleue : lit double, li	Large 2 bedrooms apt (721 square feet) - Nice and safe area - Close to city center ! Bonjour and welcome in our flat ! Our flat is located rue Desnouettes, Paris 15th. It is 4 subway stations away from the Effeil Tower, 8 from Concorde square, 5 from Montparnasse, 8 from St Germain des Près.  The CITY CENTER is 1/2 h away from the flat.  The flat is located between 3 subway stations in a nice and safe area of Paris. Métro : Porte de Versailles (Line 12, T2, T3) -7min walk away-, Convention (Ligne 12) -12min away-, Lourmel (Line 8) -8min away-. Bus n°39 will take you directly to Saint Germain or to the Louvres in 1/2h. The bus stop is 50 m away from the flat. 3rd floor with an elevator, 3ème étage avec ascenseur. LIVING ROOM : wifi, flat-screen, DVD Blue ray, Hi-Fi, Sofa bed, wifi printer, telephone free for international*. Salon : wifi, écran plat, lecteur DVD blue ray, Hi-Fi, canapé convertible, imprimante wifi, téléphone illimité à l'international*. BLUE BEDROOM : double bed, single 
12033		Ideally situated, close to Eiffel Tower, Beaugrenelle mall and the lively and commercial neighborhood with pubs, bars, restaurants and shops
12034	STANDING Located on the 12th floor of a building with lift. The access is secured by a gate with an intercom and a key. This apartment has double glazed windows and electric shutters. You will be amazed by this apartment bathed in light thanks to all the windows, and most of all, you will love the fantastic view, wether you are in the bedroom, the living-room or the kitchen, the view is wonderful ! A lovely balcony will enable you to full enjoy the view. LAYOUT This 56sqm apartment has two rooms, a separate bedroom and the main room. It can sleep two people. The entrance hall leads to all the rooms. First in front of you, you will access the lovely main room. You will instantaneously fall in love with this place and the fantastic views on both sides of the room. This main room has a dining area with a dining table for four people, and a living area with a comfortable couch, two very comfy armchairs, a coffee table and a flat television. The living-room features a DVD/CD player and a tu	Amazing view from this romantic 1-bedroom 56sqm apartment with a balcony to rent for two people in the 15th district. Comfortable and spacious for a couple, this apartment is quiet and bathed in light. STANDING Located on the 12th floor of a building with lift. The access is secured by a gate with an intercom and a key. This apartment has double glazed windows and electric shutters. You will be amazed by this apartment bathed in light thanks to all the windows, and most of all, you will love the fantastic view, wether you are in the bedroom, the living-room or the kitchen, the view is wonderful ! A lovely balcony will enable you to full enjoy the view. LAYOUT This 56sqm apartment has two rooms, a separate bedroom and the main room. It can sleep two people. The entrance hall leads to all the rooms. First in front of you, you will access the lovely main room. You will instantaneously fall in love with this place and the fantastic views on both sides of the room. This main room has a dini
12035	50m2 appartment with a balcony in the beautiful Paris. Very luminous, exposed west.  Appartment completely renovated, in a secure building with elevator. 1 bedroom with a double bed, 1 alcove you can close as a tiny room you can just feet a double bed A living-dining room with a new sofa you can convert in a double bed. In all the appartement you can sleep in the dark Towels, sheets and hair dryer are available  Just to be clear, its not a fancy building its really basic I can give you some tips for restaurant, art exposition or where to go out. Overall it’s a very personal and unique apartment with all the necessary items to make your trip to Paris a different one. We are not professional renters, and we are also learning with our guests the best way to host, and we are sure that there is always something to improve. Since we started this, over the past 6 months we've added a lot of new things, suggestions from guests, and also new ideas . We are sure that you will like the place. But	Our appartement is in a typically parisian neibourough, with cute brasseries and bakeries. We hope our decoration make you feel home. We mixed new and convenient equipments with designed style.  50m2 appartment with a balcony in the beautiful Paris. Very luminous, exposed west.  Appartment completely renovated, in a secure building with elevator. 1 bedroom with a double bed, 1 alcove you can close as a tiny room you can just feet a double bed A living-dining room with a new sofa you can convert in a double bed. In all the appartement you can sleep in the dark Towels, sheets and hair dryer are available  Just to be clear, its not a fancy building its really basic I can give you some tips for restaurant, art exposition or where to go out. Overall it’s a very personal and unique apartment with all the necessary items to make your trip to Paris a different one. We are not professional renters, and we are also learning with our guests the best way to host, and we are sure that there is alwa
12036	Do not bring anything, you should travel light. And let yourself be pampered. We  prepare everything for your comfort: your beds will be ready upon arrival. Towels, tea towels, etc.	Mezzanine Beds FREE Wifi and Parking Next to Eiffel Tower 3 minutes from 3 metros 820 sq feet and quiet Loggia in the Sun 3 rooms Design & High-tech Charming district with shopping and restaurants Dishwasher, washing machine, tumble drier. Do not bring anything, you should travel light. And let yourself be pampered. We  prepare everything for your comfort: your beds will be ready upon arrival. Towels, tea towels, etc. 1st bedroom: 1 Mezzanine Double Bed 2d bedroom: 1 Mezzanine Double Bed + 1 Mezzanine Single Bed Do you smoke ? We understand you and you are welcome to smoke on the loggia. When you arrive, my family will welcome you to have the pleasure to meet you. And to give you the keys, to show around apartment, and to answer your questions. You will live as Parisian people during your stay. The neighborhood is charming, both very quiet and living: with families, some workers, some tourists too, gathered. Gourmet food shops are very high quality (cheese, meat, bakery, wine, etc.).  
12037	Our place is a typical Parisian apartment. Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, in the South west of the city, it is composed of 2 bedrooms (with queensize beds in each bedroom), a living-room, a balcony on the street, and a tiny kitchen and bathroom.  Situated inside Paris (and not in the suburb) you will easily travel all around the city thanks to the metro (closest lines are 8 and 12), the tramway, buses, and the RER. The metro and tram are not even 10 min walking from the apartment. The RER is the fastest way to Le Chateau de Versailles and Disneyland Paris.  My sister and i have been living in this flat for 3 years now. We rent the whole apartment, on specific periods, when we leave for holidays. Just let me know when you are travelling, a quick description of yourself is also expected... and feel free to to ask me whatever you want ! The Eiffel tower, Montmartre, le Louvre, les Champs Elysées and le chateau de Versailles are expecting you !	Our place is a typical Parisian apartment. Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, in the South west of the city, it is composed of 2 bedrooms (with queensize beds in each bedroom), a living-room, a balcony on the street, and a tiny kitchen and bathroom.  Situated inside Paris (and not in the suburb) you will easily travel all around the city thanks to the metro (closest lines are 8 and 12), the tramway, buses, and the RER. The metro and tram are not even 10 min walking from the apartment. The RER is the fastest way to Le Chateau de Versailles and Disneyland Paris.  My sister and i have been living in this flat for 3 years now. We rent the whole apartment, on specific periods, when we leave for holidays. Just let me know when you are travelling, a quick description of yourself is also expected... and feel free to to ask me whatever you want ! The Eiffel tower, Montmartre, le Louvre, les Champs Elysées and le chateau de Versailles are expecting you ! The place is very easy to get t
12038	This apartment is a duplex, located in a building that overlooks the courtyard. Access is secured by a first door with a code and a second locked. The living room windows overlook a private area bounded by large pots planted cypress to ensure your privacy. The room in the second floor below the ground floor, it is therefor very quiet, you will enjoy the outdoor natural light through the opening made above the bedroom windows. Layout This beautiful 60 sqm apartment furnished in 2015 features a large living room on the ground floor and a large separate bedroom on the lower floor. With two separate bathrooms, it can comfortably accommodate up to four people. You will directly enter in the main room, spacious and quiet. The lounge area is furnished with a sofa, an armchair, a coffee table and a large flat screen TV with access to cable channels. The couch is a sofabed for two sleeps (140x200). The dining area has a table for four. The fitted kitchen is open to the living room. You can dine	Beautiful 65 sqm 2-floor apartment for rent in Paris / Montparnasse. One separate bedroom and two bathroom, suitable for four people, perfect for two couples of friends or family. Comfortable, decorated in a minimalist contemporary style. This apartment is a duplex, located in a building that overlooks the courtyard. Access is secured by a first door with a code and a second locked. The living room windows overlook a private area bounded by large pots planted cypress to ensure your privacy. The room in the second floor below the ground floor, it is therefor very quiet, you will enjoy the outdoor natural light through the opening made above the bedroom windows. Layout This beautiful 60 sqm apartment furnished in 2015 features a large living room on the ground floor and a large separate bedroom on the lower floor. With two separate bathrooms, it can comfortably accommodate up to four people. You will directly enter in the main room, spacious and quiet. The lounge area is furnished with a
12039		Appartement 30m², 1 chambre + séjour avec canapé-lit. A proximité de la gare Montparnasse (lignes 4, 6, 12 et 13 du métro). Lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, connexion internet (wifi).
12040	- un salon avec vue dégagée sur l'Unesco, grande baie vitrée  - 2 chambres orientées sud avec balcon donnant sur un jardin privé : une chambre avec un lit 2 personnes, armoire de rangement l'autre avec 2 lits jumeaux, bureau, rangements - une cuisine toute équipée (four, micro ondes, lave vaisselle) avec table, plan de travail et placards - une salle de bains avec baignoire - des toilettes séparées (avec lave linge, sèche linge) - grande entrée 	- un salon avec vue dégagée sur l'Unesco, grande baie vitrée  - 2 chambres orientées sud avec balcon donnant sur un jardin privé : une chambre avec un lit 2 personnes, armoire de rangement l'autre avec 2 lits jumeaux, bureau, rangements - une cuisine toute équipée (four, micro ondes, lave vaisselle) avec table, plan de travail et placards - une salle de bains avec baignoire - des toilettes séparées (avec lave linge, sèche linge) - grande entrée Trois stations de métro à proximité (La Motte Picquet Grenelle, Cambronne, Ségur) , donnant accès direct à Etoile / Champs Elysées, quartier latin, Opéra, ... Nombreuses lignes de bus qui desservent tous les arrondissements parisiens (dont Montmartre) L'appartement est situé dans un quartier très tranquille qur une avenue très large. Il y a aussi beaucoup  de commerces et de restaurants a proximité. Et 3 stations de metro . Il est très facile de se déplacer. 3 stations de métro a proximité  Cambronne La Motte Picquet Grenelle Ségur Il y a une co
12041	A côté de la Villa Santos Dumont Logement réparti sur 4 étages et 5 niveaux 2 chambres et une suite 2 salles de bain 2 Salons 1 Cuisine 1 Salle de projection 1 Buanderie Alarme et coffre fort Chauffage au sol Nearby the Santos Dumont Villa House displaying on 4 floors and 5 mitgates 2 rooms and 1 suite Floor heating Projection Room Alarm and safe	C'est une maison d'architecte construite récemment avec un design moderne.  Haut standing et beaucoup de charme. A true architect house, recently built, offering a modern design. High standing and charming A côté de la Villa Santos Dumont Logement réparti sur 4 étages et 5 niveaux 2 chambres et une suite 2 salles de bain 2 Salons 1 Cuisine 1 Salle de projection 1 Buanderie Alarme et coffre fort Chauffage au sol Nearby the Santos Dumont Villa House displaying on 4 floors and 5 mitgates 2 rooms and 1 suite Floor heating Projection Room Alarm and safe Garage privé avec accès direct à la maison Capacité d'hébergement = 6 à 8 personnes 3 lits doubles soit 6 personnes Possibilité d'installer un 4ème lit double Private parking leading straight to the house House capacity = 6 to 8 persons 3 double beds for 6 persons Extra double bed if needed Veuillez me contacter par sms et UNIQUEMENT par sms pour la première prise de contact Please ONLY send a text message in order to contact me first Quarti
12042		Charming flatlet in the 15th district of Paris, cozy and very convinient Nice neighborhood with various restaurants. Large supermarket, pharmacy, asian market, picard, and  even a street market on wednsdey and saturday ;)
12043	NO SMOKING (logement non fumeur ) D' une façon générale merci d expliquer la raison de votre venue.  Merci de vérifier vos coordonnées et si possible d avoir un commentaire.	Studio neuf proche Parc des expos 15e/ France Television/ Tour Eiffel/  Beaugrenelle. Retour après plantage de l annonce sur le site. J'y perd au passage vos commentaires élogieux. NO SMOKING (logement non fumeur ) D' une façon générale merci d expliquer la raison de votre venue.  Merci de vérifier vos coordonnées et si possible d avoir un commentaire. proche salon des expositions, porte de versailles, France Television, Hopital Pompidou, Aquaboulevard, Javel, Beaugrenelle. Ligne 8, ligne 10, et tramway T2 et T3
12044	Chambre dans appartement confortable, situé au 1ère étage d'un bel immeuble. Quartier sympathique et familial. Restaurants et commerces à proximité. Situé entre la ligne 8 et 12 du metro, vous trouverez un accès fácil à plusieurs points touristiques de Paris tout en restant dans un quartier traditionnel!  	Chambre dans jolie appartement. Quartier animé et familial à 10 min de la Tour Eiffel! Chambre dans appartement confortable, situé au 1ère étage d'un bel immeuble. Quartier sympathique et familial. Restaurants et commerces à proximité. Situé entre la ligne 8 et 12 du metro, vous trouverez un accès fácil à plusieurs points touristiques de Paris tout en restant dans un quartier traditionnel!   Je serais disponible pour vous orienter vers des beaux coins de la ville, touristiques ou pas selon vos envies!  également pour partager un moment ensemble au tour d'un dîner, un café ou un apéro. 
12045	It is a contemporary building of good quality, providing a secure access. The studio is located on the eighth floor directly accessible by the elevator, and offers a clear view of the rooftops and the Eiffel Tower.  This studio is nicely decorated and provides a spectacular view of the Eiffel Tower. Fully floored, it includes an entrance with a large wardrobe. The main room has a double bed with curtains (like the canopy style) and a convertible sofa (140 and 160 cm) as well as a coffee table with leather armchairs. Very quiet, it is also very bright thanks to the large bay window. The American kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge freezer, an oven, a micro-wave, hotplates with an extractor hood, dishwasher. The bathroom features a shower cubicle and toilets.	This studio is located in a shopping area that is very accessible. It is the perfect place for a stay in Paris, combining charm and comfort. The layout was carefully taken care of and the view on the Eiffel Tower is breathtaking. It is a contemporary building of good quality, providing a secure access. The studio is located on the eighth floor directly accessible by the elevator, and offers a clear view of the rooftops and the Eiffel Tower.  This studio is nicely decorated and provides a spectacular view of the Eiffel Tower. Fully floored, it includes an entrance with a large wardrobe. The main room has a double bed with curtains (like the canopy style) and a convertible sofa (140 and 160 cm) as well as a coffee table with leather armchairs. Very quiet, it is also very bright thanks to the large bay window. The American kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge freezer, an oven, a micro-wave, hotplates with an extractor hood, dishwasher. The bathroom features a shower cubicle and toilets
12046	Very typical Parisian room with a double bed (queen size),  bathroom for guests and independent access door.  Same floor second room :  Bathroom to share if rented. 	Very typical Parisian room with a tremendous view on the Eiffel Tower. Close to main museums, center of Paris, by metro or bus. Very safe district. CHECK-IN : no late check-in (9pm) give us yr arrival time. Very typical Parisian room with a double bed (queen size),  bathroom for guests and independent access door.  Same floor second room :  Bathroom to share if rented. The upper stair of the flat and at certain hours, kitchen & dining table. After breakfast, we will be pleased to give you some tips about the city of lights ! This very calm room is located in an upscale and family oriented neighborhood  (Rive Gauche). walking distance from metro & bus,  Wonderful bakeries at the corner, wine cellars, cheeseshop and open-air market on sunday morning, trendy shops and restaurants too. 2 metro lines : M12 Vaugirard & M8 Commerce, TRANSPORT FROM AIRPORTS : To arrive from Charles de Gaulle airport :  take RER B to « Paris Nord » + métro M4 (Mairie de Montrouge) to « Montparnasse » + M12 (Mai
12047	Chambre cosy dans appartement 3 pièces très lumineux. Accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement sauf la 2ème chambre qui est occupée. Faites comme chez vous !	Very cosy and confortable room with a king size bed (160x200cm) in a 3 room flat (2 bedrooms + living room). The other bedroom is occupied by my flatmate, consulting intern and very nice! Living room with TV, wifi, washing machine, ironing..
12048	Apartment of 50m2 located at 10 minutes by foot of the Eiffel Tower and situated in the charming Street Saint Charles in the 15th district of Paris. There are many shopkeeping : the apartment is situated above a bakery, above a butcher's shop, a wine merchant, above numerous minimarkets... The district is quiet and family.  It is a typical apartment Hausmanien with mouldings in the ceiling. It is situated on the first floor. There is a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen of supplement and a very big room to be lived. We added a small bed in the living room to welcome an additional person or a child. The apartment is ideal for a young couple with child. You can cook there, watch TV. There is also an internet connection very high The apartment is ideally situated: near the line 10, you can join the center of Paris (Garnier Opera) in subway within 15 minutes. You can also join the Eiffel Tower on foot within 15 minutes. The bus 42 also joins the Eiffel Tower in 5 minutes. A few meters away fro	Our flat located between the Eiffel Tower and Parc De Versailles. It's central and quiet and full of activities around : There's an air balloon, an attraction waterpark, a big city mall.  Apartment of 50m2 located at 10 minutes by foot of the Eiffel Tower and situated in the charming Street Saint Charles in the 15th district of Paris. There are many shopkeeping : the apartment is situated above a bakery, above a butcher's shop, a wine merchant, above numerous minimarkets... The district is quiet and family.  It is a typical apartment Hausmanien with mouldings in the ceiling. It is situated on the first floor. There is a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen of supplement and a very big room to be lived. We added a small bed in the living room to welcome an additional person or a child. The apartment is ideal for a young couple with child. You can cook there, watch TV. There is also an internet connection very high The apartment is ideally situated: near the line 10, you can join the center of
12049	A very nice apartment, secured, well sited, bright, with a spacious bedroom as well as a living room! 	"Enjoy a cozy two bedroom apartment in Paris 15th ""arrondissement"", near the Eiffel Tower and the main Parisian tourist cites!  You will be near the metro (""Lourmel"", ligne 8), close to the tram as well as many bus lines! A very nice apartment, secured, well sited, bright, with a spacious bedroom as well as a living room! "
12050	Ce logement est très ensoleillé, sans vis-à-vis. Le petit balcon permet de prendre un petit-déjeuner ou une petite pause lecture dans un bain de soleil, à l'abri des regards. Rare à Paris!	Ce logement est très ensoleillé, sans vis-à-vis. Le petit balcon permet de prendre un petit-déjeuner ou une petite pause lecture dans un bain de soleil, à l'abri des regards. Rare à Paris! La situation de cet appartement est optimale :  - 10 à 15 minutes de métro ou de bus pour atteindre les Champs Elysées, le Louvre, l'Ile de la Cité ou le quartier Montparnasse et ses cinémas;  - 10 minutes de marche pour rejoindre les bords de Seine, pour aller visiter la Tour Eiffel;  - 5 minutes à pied d'un charmant square pour profiter d'un banc au soleil. - A 5 minutes à pied, se trouve une station de taxis. Emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris de long en large! Draps fournis Serviettes de toilette fournies Lave-vaisselle
12051	Sunny apartment facing south.The flat is near by: - Eiffel tower (3-5 mins by walk) - Musée d'Orsay  - Invalides - Beaugrenelle You can catch the principal métro lines 6, 8 and 10 to go everywhere. The apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchen, microwave, fridge, TV, DVD ,  etc.) This place is the perfect deal for a couple or friends visiting Paris. Please be aware that this apartment is in an old building (1850) at 5th floor without lift Miscellaneous : - Bed sheets and towels are included	You are young and want to visit Paris? This studio (30m²) is a perfect location to book. Why? - Near by Eiffel Tower (5 mins), Invalides, Orsay museum,.. - 3 main metro lines to go everywhere (6, 8 &10) - 30m², 2 sofa beds (4prs) Sunny apartment facing south.The flat is near by: - Eiffel tower (3-5 mins by walk) - Musée d'Orsay  - Invalides - Beaugrenelle You can catch the principal métro lines 6, 8 and 10 to go everywhere. The apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchen, microwave, fridge, TV, DVD ,  etc.) This place is the perfect deal for a couple or friends visiting Paris. Please be aware that this apartment is in an old building (1850) at 5th floor without lift Miscellaneous : - Bed sheets and towels are included Apartment is exclusive for you and you will have access also to free internet. I'll be available to respond to your questions and share my Parisian experience with you. The district is very safe and you will find lots of bars, restaurant and shops aroun
12052	You will enjoy this clean and nice place! My goal is to make you feel at home... but better You are truly welcomed! The apartment is really nice and have an authentic old Parisian style, with contemporary furniture!	Easy access from Orly airport, close to the Porte de Versailles (5 min walk), Montmartre (20 min by metro without change), Montparnasse Station (10 min by metro without ch.), Saint-Germain (15 min by metro without ch.). You will enjoy this clean and nice place! My goal is to make you feel at home... but better You are truly welcomed! The apartment is really nice and have an authentic old Parisian style, with contemporary furniture! You can use the kitchenware and all the basics product as you wish. You will have a nice selection of tea, coffee and chocolate for breakfast. Feel free to to cook! The bathroom is clean and clear, with towels and shampoo. You can even take a bath. You can watch movies with the videoprojector like if you were at the theatre! I will be happy to give you advices or take you out to take a drink, but, if you just want to enjoy your time by yourself, I will be really discret. I'm really adaptive on this point.  Perfect neighborhood for people who like quiet and b
12053	1900's building with all the modern comfort - guaranteed stamp of the old !!	Cozy flat - 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and 5 from Champ de Mars - Centrally located, near the shopping street “rue du commerce”. 4 people capacity (2 large beds) Internet, cable TV, and large kitchen Hope to see you soon! 1900's building with all the modern comfort - guaranteed stamp of the old !! Full apartment access (bathtub bathroom, fully equipped kitchen, internet and TV cable) Great location!  At the border between the 15th and 7th districts! Less than 10 min walk from the Eiffel tower and 5 from the Champ de Mars (running beneath the Eiffel Tower). Also, less than 10 min metro from most of the city attractions (Louvre, Sacré-coeur, Arc de Triomphe...)   Cambronne (metro line 6) at 50m Motte picquet (metro line (phone number hidden)m Many bus around
12054	Lovely flat, very bright (sun in living room in the morning, in the chamber & dining room in the afternoon) with high windows in each rooms. Very commode for 2 couples, since every rooms have its own access to the bathroom and toilets. We have a large and confortable air mattress for two people.	Lovely flat (62m2), very bright with high windows & mirrors in each rooms.  Very commode for 2 couples: every rooms have its own access to the toilets and bathroom. Very safe neighborhood and well served by public transports:  (website hidden) Lovely flat, very bright (sun in living room in the morning, in the chamber & dining room in the afternoon) with high windows in each rooms. Very commode for 2 couples, since every rooms have its own access to the bathroom and toilets. We have a large and confortable air mattress for two people. Full flat. We are here to make your stay as confortable as imaginable ;) Do not hesitate to contact us: sms, emails & phone, for any inquiry. The 15th district of Paris is very safe and with everything you need to live the parisian experience: close to Beaugrenelle for shopping, not far from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine banks and a street full of small restaurants and bars with a typical market three times a week (on sunday, tuesday and thursday). You are 
12055	Studio vraiment agréable. Possibilité de se servir de la platine Vinyle.	Agréable studio situé dans un immeuble parisien du 15 eme arrondissement calme. Proche Porte de Versailles (parc des expositions) du quartier Montparnasse et du centre de Paris (tour Eiffel à 20mn) Studio vraiment agréable. Possibilité de se servir de la platine Vinyle. Accès à tout l'appartement. Je suis joignable pendant toute la durée du séjour mais non disponible c'est pourquoi les clé seront a récupérer chez un tiers.  Je me ferais cependant un plaisir de répondre à vos questions par téléphone. Quartier Vaugirard métro Convention, à la fois calme et animé dans le 15e. Bars, magasins, restaurants.. Petite place avec terrasses agréables.  Parc Georges Brassens a 5mn à pieds, dôté de points d'eau; idéals pour s'y reposer quand la chaleur est trop étouffante.  Épiceries, Monoprix, Carrefour, Dia, nombreux restaurants Chinois, Japonais, Brasseries, Pizza, MacDonald, KFC...  Imprimeries, magasins de vêtement / chaussures, de décoration. Tabac / presse. Situé pile entre les métros Conven
12056	This comfortable studio includes a large living room with a sofa bed, coffee table , flat screen TV , high-speed internet network. An alcove with a 2 places bed . A separate kitchen (large fridge, 2 cooking plates, Nespresso coffee machine and washing machine. The bathroom is equiped with a confortable bathtub.	This 30 sqm² studio has all the comforts for a stay in Paris. Located within walking distance of the Eiffel tower and  the Seine banks, this studio has a large sunny terrace where breakfast is possible. This comfortable studio includes a large living room with a sofa bed, coffee table , flat screen TV , high-speed internet network. An alcove with a 2 places bed . A separate kitchen (large fridge, 2 cooking plates, Nespresso coffee machine and washing machine. The bathroom is equiped with a confortable bathtub. All the space. Commercial and family neighborhood. Many shops located Lourmel street and Commerce street. A market takes place every Wednesday and Saturday in Grenelle boulevard near Dupleix station, 5 minutes by walk. Close to the Seine river. Less than 5 minutes by walk from subway line 6 Dupleix station Less than 10 minutes by walk from subways lines 6 , 8 and 10 Motte Piquet Grenelle station Less than 15 minute by walk from the Eiffel Tower
12057		Flat for 4 people close to Eiffel Tower and Beaugrenelle mall. Floor : ground floor + small community garden. Capacity: 1 double bed + 1 sofa bed (4 people) Metro station : Boucicaut  (line 8) or Convention (line 11) Surface area: 333 sq.ft. / 35 m2 
12058	Depuis début 2012 nous accueillons chaleureusement des professionnels des salons de la Porte de Versailles et de nombreux touristes de tous horizons. Nous avons donc l’habitude de proposer un service adapté à tous leurs besoins avec comme points forts : - une chambre privée calme et lumineuse - une salle de bain privée très propre - une place de parking au sous-sol de notre immeuble*** - un accès internet wifi, un ordinateur et une imprimante mis à disposition - arrivée/départ: check-in et check-out flexible sur demande - et le petit déjeuner continental, pour être un vrai Bed & Breakfast ! Nos bonnes résolutions 2014 : désormais lorsque vous revenez chez nous, nous vous réservons une surprise !	Le Repaire de la Porte de Versailles - Chambre privée Airbnb  EN QUELQUES MOTS Nous louons une chambre avec un lit simple confortable dans un appartement de 100 m². Ce parfait Repaire est à 5 minutes à pied de la Porte de Versailles. Depuis début 2012 nous accueillons chaleureusement des professionnels des salons de la Porte de Versailles et de nombreux touristes de tous horizons. Nous avons donc l’habitude de proposer un service adapté à tous leurs besoins avec comme points forts : - une chambre privée calme et lumineuse - une salle de bain privée très propre - une place de parking au sous-sol de notre immeuble*** - un accès internet wifi, un ordinateur et une imprimante mis à disposition - arrivée/départ: check-in et check-out flexible sur demande - et le petit déjeuner continental, pour être un vrai Bed & Breakfast ! Nos bonnes résolutions 2014 : désormais lorsque vous revenez chez nous, nous vous réservons une surprise ! LES PLUS Nous vous proposons également sur demande l’accès à 
12059	Le logement est un appartement en duplex situé au 5e étage avec ascenseur, comportant un salon lumineux donnant sur un balcon plein Sud, une cuisine ouverte et toute équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séchant, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, four avec fonction micro-onde...), une salle de bain avec WC, et une chambre à l'étage. La chambre dispose d'un lit de 140x190 et d'un grand placard. La salle de bain contient une douche à l'italienne. Je mets à disposition mon logement entre le 10 septembre et le 14 octobre 2015, donc idéalement pour des voyageurs souhaitant passer le mois entier à Paris.	Charmant appartement en duplex, place Cambronne, Paris 15e, très bien desservi par les métros 6, 8 et 10. Salon lumineux avec cuisine ouverte et balcon plein Sud, salle de bain et chambre à l'étage. Tout équipé et très agréable. Le logement est un appartement en duplex situé au 5e étage avec ascenseur, comportant un salon lumineux donnant sur un balcon plein Sud, une cuisine ouverte et toute équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séchant, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, four avec fonction micro-onde...), une salle de bain avec WC, et une chambre à l'étage. La chambre dispose d'un lit de 140x190 et d'un grand placard. La salle de bain contient une douche à l'italienne. Je mets à disposition mon logement entre le 10 septembre et le 14 octobre 2015, donc idéalement pour des voyageurs souhaitant passer le mois entier à Paris. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement. Je serai absente pendant le séjour des voyageurs, mais je serai joignable afin de pouvoir leur ap
12060	The Paris apartment is located on the 4th floor of a very nice building in the 15th arrondisement very close to the Eiffel Tower. The access is secured by a door code.	Close to the Eiffel Tower in the 7th district and Commerce Street, with its village atmosphere, in the 15th district. This charming 70sqm 2-bedroom apartment to rent in Paris is bright and quiet and sleeps four. The Paris apartment is located on the 4th floor of a very nice building in the 15th arrondisement very close to the Eiffel Tower. The access is secured by a door code. This 70sqm apartment rental in Paris has three rooms : the living-room and two bedrooms. The entrance hall leads to the living-room on your right. It is bright and very pleasant, with a couch, a coffee table and a flat TV screen. A wooden table will accomodate four guests. From the entrance hall, a corridor to the left leads to the first bedroom. It features a double bed (140x200), a large wardrobe and storage space. The bathroom is located next to this bedroom. It features a walk-in shower and the toilet. The second bedroom is located on the back of the corridor, in front of the entrance hall. It features two si
12061	- emplacement idéal pour se déplacer dans Paris  - résidence sure  -au rez de chaussée  -pas de télévision ni internet  - proche rue commerçante  Metro la Motte Picquet Grenelle (M6) ou Emile Zola (M10) Bus 80 arrêt la motte Picquet Grenelle  - linge de Maison (draps, serviettes de bain, savons)  Je suis joignable par téléphone ou email pour toutes questions  *** You can reach me by phone or email fr any further information  - proche rue commerçante  Metro la Motte Picquet Grenelle (M6) ou Emile Zola (M10) Bus 80 arrêt la motte Picquet Grenelle 	Studio 18m2 en Rdc pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Idéalement situé près de la rue du commerce &Tour Eiffel.  I ****** Studio of 18m2 for 1 or 2 persons. Well located near the Rue du Commerce & Eiffel Tower. - emplacement idéal pour se déplacer dans Paris  - résidence sure  -au rez de chaussée  -pas de télévision ni internet  - proche rue commerçante  Metro la Motte Picquet Grenelle (M6) ou Emile Zola (M10) Bus 80 arrêt la motte Picquet Grenelle  - linge de Maison (draps, serviettes de bain, savons)  Je suis joignable par téléphone ou email pour toutes questions  *** You can reach me by phone or email fr any further information  - proche rue commerçante  Metro la Motte Picquet Grenelle (M6) ou Emile Zola (M10) Bus 80 arrêt la motte Picquet Grenelle  - linge de Maison (draps, serviettes de bain, savons)  Je suis joignable par téléphone ou email pour toutes questions  *** You can reach me by phone or email fr any further information  - proche rue commerçante  Metro la Motte Picquet Grenelle (M6) 
12062	My studio is well equipped and has a really nice balcony, which is great during summer time. The street is really quite, you will perfectly sleep in my studio ! My studio is ideal for 1 person but it also works for two people for few days. 	"19 square meters studio situated on the 8th floor of a contemporary building. The flat is luminous and is facing a quiet street. You will enjoy its nice balcony.  It's 10min walk from The ""Parc des Exposition"" of Porte de Versailles. My studio is well equipped and has a really nice balcony, which is great during summer time. The street is really quite, you will perfectly sleep in my studio ! My studio is ideal for 1 person but it also works for two people for few days.  The guests will have access to the Internet connexion, TV, the fridge.  If you smoke, please do it on the nice balcony. Smoking is forbidden inside.  I will welcome the guests and will give some tips about Paris. I will probably leave some groceries for breakfast.  What is great about the localisation is that the street is really quiet but in 5-10 minutes walking, you can find everything for grocery shopping (Franprix, Monoprix, Dia, Picard, bakery...) and also Sephora and few stores for clothes. You also have a cinema "
12063	One king size bed and an additional sofa that expand into a queen size bed. Bathroom with shower. Elevator Quiet	"323sq ft, 2 rooms in a renovated Haussmannien appartment welcoming and quiet, well connected to public transport near lively area. 5th floor with elevator than can host up to 2 couples. One king size bed and an additional sofa that expand into a queen size bed. Bathroom with shower. Elevator Quiet Kitchen fully equipped with a dish washer Bathroom with a dryer and washing machine Internet No tv You will be in touch with a company in charge of delivering the key and cleaning the house. A lot of restaurant in this area and super market. You are close to ""Le parc des expositions"". Well connected to public transport. Subway 12 is less than 5 min away, subway 8 is 10min away, tramway 2 and 3 are 5min away. You are 1h door to door to both Charle De Gaulles Airport and Orly. 15min away from Montparnasse and its connection to Versailles."
12064	Main room very spacious and well decorated.  Full equipped american kitchen.  A great concept bed : during the day the bed is next to the ceiling  and you can pull it down whenever you want to sleep or have a nap.  The bathroom and the toilets are (website hidden) Free wifi access. 	5mn walking from the iconic EIFFEL TOWER, this comfortable, cosy, full-equiped, and well decorated flat enjoys a very good location to discover Paris !  It is the perfect place to live the real parisian life !  Main room very spacious and well decorated.  Full equipped american kitchen.  A great concept bed : during the day the bed is next to the ceiling  and you can pull it down whenever you want to sleep or have a nap.  The bathroom and the toilets are (website hidden) Free wifi access.  INTERNET TV I will welcome you at your arrival at the flat and give you recommandations about the flat and advices on the neighborhood.  The place is perfect to ally  sightseeing, shopping and night life !  The neighborhood benefits from the big park of CHAMP DE MARS which is the park in front of the EIFFEL TOWER. During summer a lot of people have picnic lunch and dinner there. It is very lively and friendly. This park is 2mn walking from the flat.  The neighborhood also enjoys a great deal of resta
12065	Un appartement  de 40m dans un square fermé avec une salle de bain, cuisine séparés,deux chambres avec une banquette lit deux places et un lit deux places en plein  coeur de paris proche de tout les sites de tourisme(tour eiffel a 10 min de marche,montparnasse a 2 stations ,les invalides,opéra a 6 stations direct,les champs elysées a 10 Min direct,porte de versaille a 5min bus a coté de la maison  direct  .WIFI , Bus toute la nuit chaque 15 ou 20 min max qui va au châtelet  en passant par st michel ( quartier latin) et montparnasse il dépose a 1 min de chez moi a pied (station cambronne )busN12, N13 consulter ratp.	Très bien situé dans un quartier sécurisé, parking a 100m payant , quartier calme, et a 3 min  les bars et cafés de cambronne et la motte piquet grenelle . Bus noctilien le N12 et le N13  Un appartement  de 40m dans un square fermé avec une salle de bain, cuisine séparés,deux chambres avec une banquette lit deux places et un lit deux places en plein  coeur de paris proche de tout les sites de tourisme(tour eiffel a 10 min de marche,montparnasse a 2 stations ,les invalides,opéra a 6 stations direct,les champs elysées a 10 Min direct,porte de versaille a 5min bus a coté de la maison  direct  .WIFI , Bus toute la nuit chaque 15 ou 20 min max qui va au châtelet  en passant par st michel ( quartier latin) et montparnasse il dépose a 1 min de chez moi a pied (station cambronne )busN12, N13 consulter ratp. Vous pouvez utiliser tout l électroménager de la maison sauf la machine a laver, il y a une laverie dans le quartier Tout dépend si je serai sur place car je loue quand je pars en vacances.
12066	Lovely fully furnished studio for one or two persons, 5 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower. One room with one pull out sofa (160cm x 200cm), an individual airbed for the 3rd guest, a small kitchen fully equipped (fridge, small oven, kettle), one bathroom with shower and toilets. In the 15th arrondissement of Paris at La Motte Picquet Grenelle station. You have 3 lines of metro: 6, 8, 10. You can be in 10mn by subway in St Germain des Prés area or St Michel. Shops, supermarkets, bakeries at the corner of the street.  A market takes place every wednesday and sunday, 50 meters from the studio. We will provide you linens and towels and will be pleased to give you some informations about what to do in Paris. Check in and check out times can be flexible. Please, don't hesitate to ask us if you have any question. We hope to read you soon!	Lovely fully furnished studio for one or two persons, 5 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower. One room with one pull out sofa (160cm x 200cm), an individual airbed for the 3rd guest, a small kitchen fully equipped (fridge, small oven, kettle), one bathroom with shower and toilets. In the 15th arrondissement of Paris at La Motte Picquet Grenelle station. You have 3 lines of metro: 6, 8, 10. You can be in 10mn by subway in St Germain des Prés area or St Michel. Shops, supermarkets, bakeries at the corner of the street.  A market takes place every wednesday and sunday, 50 meters from the studio. We will provide you linens and towels and will be pleased to give you some informations about what to do in Paris. Check in and check out times can be flexible. Please, don't hesitate to ask us if you have any question. We hope to read you soon!
12067	The terrace will make your stay unforgivable, allowing you to take all your meals outside. With a table sitting 10 people, you can easily set up dinner or cocktails outside.	Feel like home in the heart of the 15th, with this fully equipped 1 bedroom flat. Bathroom with bathtub, fully equipped kitchen, and a 60sqm terrace. You'll find a grocery store in the same building, and a shopping mall 5 minutes away. The terrace will make your stay unforgivable, allowing you to take all your meals outside. With a table sitting 10 people, you can easily set up dinner or cocktails outside. For day to day needs, you have 2 groceries stores just next to the building. For any other shopping frenzy, you will find Beaugrenelle shopping mall 5 minutes away and 2 shopping streets. Easy access to the 10 and 8th metro line.
12068	Share flat of 75m² with large bathroom (with a bath), kitchen, a cosy living room. Your room is very spacious (15m²) and lightly.  There 3 room in the flat (2 for the roomate and one for you). Your room is equiped with a reel double bed.	Room in cozy flat located on the 4th floor. Family friendly neighborhood. Restaurants and shops nearby. Located between the lines 8, 12 and 13 of the metro, easy access to tourist attractions. Share flat of 75m² with large bathroom (with a bath), kitchen, a cosy living room. Your room is very spacious (15m²) and lightly.  There 3 room in the flat (2 for the roomate and one for you). Your room is equiped with a reel double bed. Your room is equiped with a reel double bed. You have access to a share bath room, the kitchen and the living room. We could share with you our experiences and why not a drink or a meal if you want, but we also could respect your intimity and independance if you prefere, just ask ! Lign 8, 12 and 13 of the subway at less than 10 minutes walk If needed we could add an inflate bed for two more people.
12069	Appartement fonctionnel et très agréable à vivre: circulation fluide, beaux volumes, charme de l'haussmanien, appartement typiquement parisien!	Ideal to discover Paris, central apartment, in pleasant hyper district with businesses, cinemas, green spaces and bars. Are accesibles on  Eiffel Tower, Trocadéro, center Beaugrenelle, quais de Seine, St Germain, Gare Montparnasse.
12070	Votre chambre est spacieuse avec une vue dégagée sur Paris. Le séjour-salle à manger et la cuisine-ouverte bénéficient d'une vue panoramique sur la Seine et le Pont Mirabeau. L'appartement est moderne et très agréable. Vous serez proches de la Tour Eiffel en longeant les quais le long de la Seine. La promenade est très romantique...	Chambre spacieuse,belle vue.Salle de douche,lavabo.WC séparés dans très grand appartement de standing.Breakfast : vue panoramique et magique sur la Seine et le Pont Mirabeau.Proche Tour Eiffel par les berges de la Seine.Métro/RER,bateau-bus,commerces Votre chambre est spacieuse avec une vue dégagée sur Paris. Le séjour-salle à manger et la cuisine-ouverte bénéficient d'une vue panoramique sur la Seine et le Pont Mirabeau. L'appartement est moderne et très agréable. Vous serez proches de la Tour Eiffel en longeant les quais le long de la Seine. La promenade est très romantique... Chambre, salle de douche, WC, salle à manger pour le petit déjeuner. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous donner les renseignements nécessaires pour passer un très agréable séjour à Paris. Accès à une piscine à moins de 50 mètres, à un grand centre commercial récent avec 80 boutiques, restaurants et cinéma. Il y a aussi beaucoup de restaurants à proximité. Il y a des parcs, jardins et les quais de Seine po
12071	A simple design,  convenient and calm.	The apartment will be all yours for the period with no interruptions. You will have everything you need : TV, coffee machine, wifi, washing machine, dryer... A simple design,  convenient and calm. WIFI, Kitchen, Washing machine, Iron, Dishwasher, Blu Ray player, TV. Share a drink or a meal.  Metro Volontaires, line 12, 4-minutes walk Metro Pasteur, line 6, 7-minutes walk Bus 95, station Procession, 0 minute walk
12072		Courtyard side, quiet and bright. A 10min walk from the Champs de Mars (15 min from the Eiffel Tower)! Near all kind of shops and restaurants. A double bed in the bedroom and a good sofa bed in the living room. 
12073	Deux chambres séparées avec , pour l'une d'entre elles, une vue sur la cime de la tour EIFFEL.	Grand appartement de 45 m² constitué de deux belles chambres avec lits double, d'un salon avec canapé lit, table basse et TV câblée ainsi que d'une cuisine fonctionnelle avec lave linge et d'une salle-de-bain/WC. situé au 5ème etage avec ascenseur Deux chambres séparées avec , pour l'une d'entre elles, une vue sur la cime de la tour EIFFEL. L'appartement dispose d'un réseau WIFI privé ainsi que d'une TV câblée. Les matelas sont récents Je ne serais évidement pas présent dans l'appartement mais sur Paris afin de faciliter les différents échanges liés à l'appartement Situé a 5 minutes a pied de la tour Eiffel, de la seine, et de l'école militaire avec une facilité d'accès au reste de Paris via les lignes de métro trois lignes de métro desservent directement l'appartement Lignes 6; 8 et 10 via l’Arrêt Motte Piquet Grenelle  
12074		"Welcome to this cozy and charming flat ! Located on a quiet street , on the ground floor , It Is close to the well-known ""rue du commerce""  and 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower !"
12075		cinéma,bar,resto, metro pasteur ou montparnasse....bus 88,91,95...gare vaugirard fumeurs sur les balcons uniquement
12076	In a peaceful and nicely decorated apartment in Paris (metro La Motte Picquet or Cambronne).  The apartment is a well-furnished 100m2, situated at the second floor of a double floor building.  Bedrooms: they are both equipped with a double bed  Living Room: big screen and international channels, two Sofas , a big table and a special lounge including Bar and darts. Kitchen: fully equipped with kettle, dishwasher, fridge and freezer  bathroom and toilets separated  In addition: washing machine, wifi. Nearby shops and easy transports Only 5 mins walking to Eiffel Tower, 15 mins to Grand Palais ******  All year long : 2 bedrooms are for rent ( 80 euros /per room /per night)  ******  Holidays (December 20 to January 2nd) entire flat . (210 euros / per night )  Ask me if you need 1, 2 bedrooms or the entire flat. Regards	We just renovated one bedroom and the dining room In a peaceful and nicely decorated apartment in Paris (metro La Motte Picquet or Cambronne).  The apartment is a well-furnished 100m2, situated at the second floor of a double floor building.  Bedrooms: they are both equipped with a double bed  Living Room: big screen and international channels, two Sofas , a big table and a special lounge including Bar and darts. Kitchen: fully equipped with kettle, dishwasher, fridge and freezer  bathroom and toilets separated  In addition: washing machine, wifi. Nearby shops and easy transports Only 5 mins walking to Eiffel Tower, 15 mins to Grand Palais ******  All year long : 2 bedrooms are for rent ( 80 euros /per room /per night)  ******  Holidays (December 20 to January 2nd) entire flat . (210 euros / per night )  Ask me if you need 1, 2 bedrooms or the entire flat. Regards
12077	Family apartment 90 m2, sleeps 6 to 8 200m from the Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars ( Bir Hakeim Metro ) Lots of charm : wooden floor , double living room with bow window, high ceilings , working fireplace ... Ideal for a family wishing to visit Paris : 200m from the Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars, the riverboats and red buses, banks of the Seine that allow pedestrian walk to the Musée d'Orsay and Louvre ... Served by 3 underground lines , RER and many bus station Velib ' ... Crossing apartment , very bright and quiet ( at an impasse, very little traffic ) , 2nd floor. This is a family apartment with all the amenities : kitchen, oven and electric hob , microwave , dishwasher , washing machine , TV, Bose sound system, bluetooth , Wifi internet . Distribution of beds in 2 bedrooms and living room : - Bedroom 1: 1 bed 90x200 height + 1 single or double folding (see photos) , with real mattresses - Bedroom 2: 2 cribs ( 160x70 and 200x70 ) + 1 single or double Murphy bed (see photos) , with rea	Family apartment 90 m2, sleeps 6 to 8 200m from the Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars ( Bir Hakeim Metro ) Lots of charm : wooden floor , double living room with bow window, high ceilings , working fireplace ... Ideal for a family wishing to visit Paris : 200m from the Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars, the riverboats and red buses, banks of the Seine that allow pedestrian walk to the Musée d'Orsay and Louvre ... Served by 3 underground lines , RER and many bus station Velib ' ... Crossing apartment , very bright and quiet ( at an impasse, very little traffic ) , 2nd floor. This is a family apartment with all the amenities : kitchen, oven and electric hob , microwave , dishwasher , washing machine , TV, Bose sound system, bluetooth , Wifi internet . Distribution of beds in 2 bedrooms and living room : - Bedroom 1: 1 bed 90x200 height + 1 single or double folding (see photos) , with real mattresses - Bedroom 2: 2 cribs ( 160x70 and 200x70 ) + 1 single or double Murphy bed (see photos) , with rea
12078	Le logement est composé d'une entrée, une grande pièce a vivre  Studio très fonctionnel, cuisine équipée d'une plaque de cuisson 2 feux réfrigérateur, salle de bain avec WC et douche. Possibilité d'accueillir jusqu'a 4 personnes dans un grand espace a vivre équipé d'une TV.	Situé au pied la tour Eiffel, très beau studio de 26M2 pouvant accueillir  jusqu'à 4 personnes. Disposant d’un lit queen size, d'un canapé lit d’une cuisine et d’une salle de bain avec douche. Le studio a été décoré et meublé par la maison JAG.  Le logement est composé d'une entrée, une grande pièce a vivre  Studio très fonctionnel, cuisine équipée d'une plaque de cuisson 2 feux réfrigérateur, salle de bain avec WC et douche. Possibilité d'accueillir jusqu'a 4 personnes dans un grand espace a vivre équipé d'une TV. Le check in a lieu entre 9H et 18H dans une cas ou un voyageur est présent le jour de votre arrivée, le check in a lieu à partir de 15H. Pour les arrivées avant 9H ou après 18H, des frais de 30 euros seront appliqués à payer directement sur place. Il est IMPERATIF de nous téléphoner 30minutes avant d'arriver je n'attends sur place que 30minutes.  A proximité directe de la tour Eiffel et du champs de mars. Proche metro et parc exposition de versailles. 
12079	The apartment is on the 3th floor with lift. The living room is bathed with natural light throughout the day. The bedroom, with a comfortable proper bed, is elegantly decorated. Another bedroom (children's room) is available to drop off your stuff. And,there is also a convertible sofa in the living room room. The Kitchen, recently restored (pics to be updated in the ad), is fully equiped (fridge, freezer, coffee machine, micro-wave, oven). The bathroom has also been renovated during the winter (pics to be updated). Other equipments : -high speed Wifi  -TV - bath  - separated toilets - fresh clean towels will be provided  - apartment will be properly arranged and clean sheets will also be changed before your stay.	This apartment is ideal for a family or one to two pairs of couple, located in a fascinating neighborhood in the central Paris. The apartment is on the 3th floor with lift. The living room is bathed with natural light throughout the day. The bedroom, with a comfortable proper bed, is elegantly decorated. Another bedroom (children's room) is available to drop off your stuff. And,there is also a convertible sofa in the living room room. The Kitchen, recently restored (pics to be updated in the ad), is fully equiped (fridge, freezer, coffee machine, micro-wave, oven). The bathroom has also been renovated during the winter (pics to be updated). Other equipments : -high speed Wifi  -TV - bath  - separated toilets - fresh clean towels will be provided  - apartment will be properly arranged and clean sheets will also be changed before your stay. Guests will access to the entire apartment Feel free to contact me for further informations This beautiful apartment is situated in a very convenient
12080		Grand studio 35m2, refait à neuf, très calme et lumineux dans immeuble récent avec vue dégagée sur Tour Eiffel.Métro et RER  à 150 m. Facilité de stationnement. Situation privilégiée tous commerces à proximité.(nouveau centre Beaugrenelle) 
12081		Appartement 2 pièces typiquement parisien au coeur de Montparnasse, proche St Germain des Prés et Luxembourg. Chambre avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Quartier animé et agréable : cinémas, théâtres, restaurants, bars et magasins. Gare, métro, vélos et bus à proximité. 
12082	Ideally situated next to Lamotte-Picquet Grenelle in Paris 15th. You are at 8 minutes walk of the Eiffel Tower. Many connections by tube or bus, and just in front of bike station (Velib) and auto station (Autolib). Safe parking nearby. Our home is a ground floor duplex, very quiet and overlooking courtyard. Feel free to use the terrace, very nice when a ray of sunshine arrive !  On the ground floor you will find livingroom and kitchen with all necessary, on the floor bedroom and bathroom. We furnish all the necessary for two persons (sheets, pillows, towels, shampoo...), and all the necessary kitchen. /!\ We can provide a mattress more if you are three, but without the sheets (excepted fitted) !  	Our little Parisian apartment (45m²) and his pleasant ground floor terrace in Paris 15th just waiting for you ! Close to Eiffel Tower and very well connected : two minutes walk of lines 6, 8, and 10 (easy from CDG). Ideal starting point to visit !  Ideally situated next to Lamotte-Picquet Grenelle in Paris 15th. You are at 8 minutes walk of the Eiffel Tower. Many connections by tube or bus, and just in front of bike station (Velib) and auto station (Autolib). Safe parking nearby. Our home is a ground floor duplex, very quiet and overlooking courtyard. Feel free to use the terrace, very nice when a ray of sunshine arrive !  On the ground floor you will find livingroom and kitchen with all necessary, on the floor bedroom and bathroom. We furnish all the necessary for two persons (sheets, pillows, towels, shampoo...), and all the necessary kitchen. /!\ We can provide a mattress more if you are three, but without the sheets (excepted fitted) !  The Commerce street and Lamotte Picquet are p
12083	"A stone's throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Bir-Hakeim district offers an unobstructed view of the famous Iron Lady. The perfect area for a romantic getaway in the capital. The lovers' district The Bir-Hakeim district is situated on Paris's right bank, not far from the Eiffel Tower. It is bordered by the districts of Passy to the north and Grenelle to the south. This relatively quiet residential district comes to life as you get near the Eiffel Tower. The atmosphere is rather international and laid back. Businesspeople and tourists staying in the district's atypical hotels spend time there. Its proximity to the Eiffel Tower makes the district a very romantic location. Couples like to walk in the Trocadéro gardens or on the Champs de Mars. The many river boats on the right bank of the Seine offer romantic trips or sunset dinners on board. The Pont Bir-Hakeim, a bridge that is famous for its modern architecture, has been the site of several film sets, including the series ""Dexter,"" the mo"	This beautiful and elegant 28 square meters , Studio, apartment is located on quai de Grenelle in the 15th arrondissement, on the 22 th French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : dishwasher, TV, 
12084	A cosy double bedroom in my parisian flat. Balcony and view on gardens. The bedroom have direct access to the bathroom	Cosy bedroom in a 45m2 parisian flat in the 15th arrondissement of Paris Very quiet flat with view on the garden Not far from  Eiffel Tower and Le Louvre with metro station at 10min A cosy double bedroom in my parisian flat. Balcony and view on gardens. The bedroom have direct access to the bathroom During the day you can use the kitchen and the leaving room I speak english and would be happy to guide you
12085	Fully equipped : - Wifi internet access - Cable TV with international channels - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Multifunction oven - Induction hob - Cookware and utensils - Nespresso coffee machine Bathroom equipment provided : - Hairdryer - Towels - Shower gel - Shampoo Extra: - Sofa bed for 2 persons	"2-room apartment, 35 m2, completely refurbished, with 20m2 living room with open-plan kitchen, balcony, one bedroom with double bed, bathroom with shower and separate toilets. Fully equipped : - Wifi internet access - Cable TV with international channels - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Multifunction oven - Induction hob - Cookware and utensils - Nespresso coffee machine Bathroom equipment provided : - Hairdryer - Towels - Shower gel - Shampoo Extra: - Sofa bed for 2 persons Check-in and check-out from 8:00 AM to 20:00 PM When you need it ! The apartment is well placed in a safe district and in a very quiet street. Near the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars (5/10 min walk), Trocadéro, Invalides, Montparnasse... Rue de Lourmel (1 block) is full of grocery stores : bakery, butcher, cheesemonger, fruits and vegetables, fish and supermarket. Rue du Commerce (2 blocks) is perfect for shopping : H&M, GAP, Zara... 3 lines available at ""La Motte-Piquet Grenelle"" station - 5 min walk: - Line 6 (g"
12086	Ideal to visit Paris and perfect for a couple! Very nice and convenient flat, 463 square feet, located in the heart of Paris in the charming neighborhood of Cambronne/La Motte-Picquet (Paris 15th). This apartment offers easy access to Eiffel Tower (10 minutes walking) and all the main tourist attractions are closed by. The apartment is very close to subway stations (Cambronne : 100 meters and La Motte-Picquet : 500 meters), Velib’ stations (the biggest bike-sharing in the world) and bus stops. The neighborhood includes several typical brasseries or delicious restaurants and many shopping areas are within walking distance: the very animated Rue du Commerce and Rue Lecourbe, or the famous Bon Marche (the oldest department store in the world). There is a supermarket 100 meters away from the apartment, a corner store opened until late within the building. About the Apartment:  - One Bedroom  - Full size bed  - Separate kitchen  - Living Room  - Bathroom with shower  - 6th floor with elevat	Ideal to visit Paris and perfect for a couple! Very nice and convenient flat, 463 square feet, located in the heart of Paris in the charming neighborhood of Cambronne/La Motte-Picquet (Paris 15th). This apartment offers easy access to Eiffel Tower (10 minutes walking) and all the main tourist attractions are closed by. The apartment is very close to subway stations (Cambronne : 100 meters and La Motte-Picquet : 500 meters), Velib’ stations (the biggest bike-sharing in the world) and bus stops. The neighborhood includes several typical brasseries or delicious restaurants and many shopping areas are within walking distance: the very animated Rue du Commerce and Rue Lecourbe, or the famous Bon Marche (the oldest department store in the world). There is a supermarket 100 meters away from the apartment, a corner store opened until late within the building. About the Apartment:  - One Bedroom  - Full size bed  - Separate kitchen  - Living Room  - Bathroom with shower  - 6th floor with elevat
12087	Le logement est composé d'une chambre avec libre double, d'une salle de bain et d'un salon (avec clic clac) ouvert sur cuisine.  4 personnes peuvent donc y cohabiter!  Il y a également une TV et une connexion Wifi.  Une machine à laver est aussi à votre disposition. The flat is composed by a double bedroom, a little bathroom and a living room opened on the kitchen (with a bed couch). Hence, it's ok for 4 people!  There are also TV and wifi connexion.  A washing machine is also available. 	F2 dans un quartier dynamique de Paris (15ème), commerce à proximité et métro à 2 pas! L'appartement possède une chambre avec un lit double, une salle de bain puis un salon avec clic-(website hidden) et wifi à disposition. Le logement est composé d'une chambre avec libre double, d'une salle de bain et d'un salon (avec clic clac) ouvert sur cuisine.  4 personnes peuvent donc y cohabiter!  Il y a également une TV et une connexion Wifi.  Une machine à laver est aussi à votre disposition. The flat is composed by a double bedroom, a little bathroom and a living room opened on the kitchen (with a bed couch). Hence, it's ok for 4 people!  There are also TV and wifi connexion.  A washing machine is also available. Si nous sommes synchro niveau timing, je vous donnerais avec plaisir plus d'infos sur le quartier! If we are on the same schedule timing, I would be glad to give you more info about the area and Paris! Le quartier est près de tout les endroits stratégiques de Paris, avec un réseau de
12088	Chambre de 12 m2 dans grand appartement de 95m2, éloigné de la rue. Chambre avec 1 lit de 140 pour 2 personnes. Salle de bains, wc et cuisine à disposition dans l'appartement ; Internet en Wifi. Il y a beaucoup de verdure alentour. Résidence sécurisée calme. 	Chambre de 12m2 en rez-de-chaussée avec lit de 140 exposée au sud sur jardin tranquille dans résidence sécurisée. A 6 mn à pied du métro Porte de Versailles (L12), du Tramway T2 et T3a ; 2 lignes de bus 39 et 80. Commerces d'alimentation à proximité. Chambre de 12 m2 dans grand appartement de 95m2, éloigné de la rue. Chambre avec 1 lit de 140 pour 2 personnes. Salle de bains, wc et cuisine à disposition dans l'appartement ; Internet en Wifi. Il y a beaucoup de verdure alentour. Résidence sécurisée calme.  Check-in and check-out time : 8am to 7pm. Il est possible de déroger à ces heures ; merci de me communiquer les heures souhaitées avant de réserver pour que nous en discutions. Nous sommes ouverts à tout échange autour d'un café et pourrons vous guider utilement durant votre séjour à Paris. Nous serons là pour vous accueillir. - Coulée verte de 1,5km à la sortie de la résidence. - Salle de spectacles du Palais des sports à 7mn à pied. - Parc Georges Brassens (10mn à pied ou T3) : bouq
12089	Le calme, la luminosité, le coté cosy, neuf, la proximité avec le Champ de Mars et Beaugrenelle. Parfait pour un couple d'amoureux qui veux découvrir Paris. Pour 2 personnes maximum. 	Appartement 1 pièce au 8ème étage, très calme, très fonctionnel, très lumineux, très cosy. Vue sur cour. Très proche de : Tour Eiffel, Bir-hakeim, Beaugrenelle. Disponible Juillet/Août.  Le calme, la luminosité, le coté cosy, neuf, la proximité avec le Champ de Mars et Beaugrenelle. Parfait pour un couple d'amoureux qui veux découvrir Paris. Pour 2 personnes maximum.  Cuisinette neuve, micro-ondes, cafetière a dosette, grille pain, frigo, casseroles, poêle, couverts : tout pour manger et petit déjeuner. 2 serviettes de bain sont fournis, les draps aussi, et une box internet est disponible pour toute recherche. Un ventilateur est aussi disponible pour les jours très chaud. Les toilettes sont sur le pallier, l'appartement est au 8ème sans ascenseur. Mais je suis ici pour monter vos bagages avec vous ! Présent le jour de l'arrivée et du départ afin de donner/reprendre les clefs, mais aussi de nettoyer l'appartement avant chaque location, pour donner un confort maximal aux vacanciers.  La 
12090	A living room of 15 m2 welcomes you where you can dine with others. (4 chairs and folding chairs and more). A sofa bed and a sofa take place in this space dedicated to reading, resting or watching TV with all channels of the world. The room next door has a 160cms bed with a mattress over 20 cms thick to feel like a cozy nest. The computer and the screen allow you to make a little movie in bed like in the movies, but quietly installed at home. A large wardrobe along the wall to allow you to store your personal belongings. Balcony 70 cms wide and 6 meter lengths of the apartment offers basil, mint, rosemary and chives. Some geranium embellish the whole. Two chairs and a table will allow you to enjoy the sun in the morning for breakfast before your visit. The bathroom with the bathtub will allow you to relax after a long day of walking. With a washing machine, you will leave with all your own business. The kitchen in turn has four plates for cooking and a microwave. A small refrigerator t	Very bright . Near the metro line 12 , 8 y 10, a lively district with restaurantes y almacenes nearby CET charming apartment sueros foot -to -earth ideal for your visit to Paris . Perfect for young family or a visit A living room of 15 m2 welcomes you where you can dine with others. (4 chairs and folding chairs and more). A sofa bed and a sofa take place in this space dedicated to reading, resting or watching TV with all channels of the world. The room next door has a 160cms bed with a mattress over 20 cms thick to feel like a cozy nest. The computer and the screen allow you to make a little movie in bed like in the movies, but quietly installed at home. A large wardrobe along the wall to allow you to store your personal belongings. Balcony 70 cms wide and 6 meter lengths of the apartment offers basil, mint, rosemary and chives. Some geranium embellish the whole. Two chairs and a table will allow you to enjoy the sun in the morning for breakfast before your visit. The bathroom with the
12091	Studio meublé au 2eme étage dans un immeuble de standing. Baignoire, TV grand écran plat, lecteur CD/DVD, Four micro onde, Four électrique, Plaques vitrocéramiques, Réfrigérateur/congélateur, Machine à laver le linge, Aspirateur. Couchage : Canapé lit de type Rapido avec matelas de 14 cm  Metro Javel + RER C (JAVEL)  Situé à 200 mètres des quais de Seine, à 1000 mètres de la tour Eiffel et du parc des expositions. 	Un studio spacieux et bien agencé en très bon état et au calme, voilà ce qui vous attend:) Situé entre la tour Eiffel et le parc des expositions (Porte de Versailles)à proximité du centre commercial BEAUGRENELLE. Très bien desservi par les transports en commun.          Studio meublé au 2eme étage dans un immeuble de standing. Baignoire, TV grand écran plat, lecteur CD/DVD, Four micro onde, Four électrique, Plaques vitrocéramiques, Réfrigérateur/congélateur, Machine à laver le linge, Aspirateur. Couchage : Canapé lit de type Rapido avec matelas de 14 cm  Metro Javel + RER C (JAVEL)  Situé à 200 mètres des quais de Seine, à 1000 mètres de la tour Eiffel et du parc des expositions. La literie et les serviettes sont fournies. Le café, le thé, sel, poivre, huile... tous les petites choses de la cuisine également. En principe, c'est moi qui vous remet les clés et je vous présenterez le quartier. Quartier calme du sud parisien, le parc Javel et les quais de Seine à proximité. Métro ligne 10 
12092	"A 40 sq m typically Parisian Haussmannian style 2 room apartment totally renovated. Located in downtown Paris, in a very nice area known for the numerous stores and restaurants and in the vicinity of the Champ-de-Mars and the Eiffel Tower, the apartment is very close to several bus and metro lines for your transportation.    All other Parisian districts are easily accessible thanks to metro lines 6, 8, and 10 as well as to bus lines 42, 70, 80, and 88 located near the apartment. Another transportation way is RER C (subway train, line C), ""Bir-Hakeim Tour Eiffel"" station is only 10 to 15 min walking from the apartment and will take you directly to famous Versailles Chateau. "	"The perfect place for a romantic break! A 40sq m typically Parisian Haussmannian style 2 room apartment totally renovated. Located in downtown Paris, in a very nice area known for the numerous stores, restaurants and close to the Eiffel Tower ! A 40 sq m typically Parisian Haussmannian style 2 room apartment totally renovated. Located in downtown Paris, in a very nice area known for the numerous stores and restaurants and in the vicinity of the Champ-de-Mars and the Eiffel Tower, the apartment is very close to several bus and metro lines for your transportation.    All other Parisian districts are easily accessible thanks to metro lines 6, 8, and 10 as well as to bus lines 42, 70, 80, and 88 located near the apartment. Another transportation way is RER C (subway train, line C), ""Bir-Hakeim Tour Eiffel"" station is only 10 to 15 min walking from the apartment and will take you directly to famous Versailles Chateau. The apartment is completely furnished, towels and sheets are included, an"
12093	"This flat is perfect for 2 people. There is a room with a double bed, a living room with an open kitchen, and a small bathroom with separated toilets. The flat is on the top floor with a dual aspect, it is very bright. It also has double glazing so it is really quiet. The guests will have access to the whole flat. There is a TV, internet (wifi), and a coffee machine  Sheets and towels are provided. I am quite flexible for checking-in and out. I can help you with the itinerary to get to the apartment. I can also recommand some places to eat if you like. This neighborhood is very residential. My street has a lot of little food shops though. I recommand the pizza just down there. You also have a french bakery with all the specialities.  You have a big park 1 min walk from the flat and also an antiquarian book market on saturday and sunday morning.  The big exhibition centre ""Parc des expositions"" in Porte de Versailles is only 2 stops away with the tramway. Eiffel Tower is 30-40 min walk "	This flat is located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris (South west). It comfortably fits two for a nice stay in Paris. (32 m²/344 sq ft) The apartment is in excellent condition. This flat is perfect for 2 people. There is a room with a double bed, a living room with an open kitchen, and a small bathroom with separated toilets. The flat is on the top floor with a dual aspect, it is very bright. It also has double glazing so it is really quiet. The guests will have access to the whole flat. There is a TV, internet (wifi), and a coffee machine  Sheets and towels are provided. I am quite flexible for checking-in and out. I can help you with the itinerary to get to the apartment. I can also recommand some places to eat if you like. This neighborhood is very residential. My street has a lot of little food shops though. I recommand the pizza just down there. You also have a french bakery with all the specialities.  You have a big park 1 min walk from the flat and also an antiquarian book ma
12094	Une petite chambre avec une vue sur les toits de Paris, vous mets pied à terre pour passer des moments agréable sans se ruiner. Un vrai lit gygogne d'une dimension déplié de 1.60mx2m.  La chambre est équipé d'une connexion internet haut débit.	"Loue une chambre confortable de avec coin cuisine, douche séparée et wc privatif sur palier, dans un ancien immeuble au calme dans un quartier agréable de Paris.  Une petite chambre avec une vue sur les toits de Paris, vous mets pied à terre pour passer des moments agréable sans se ruiner. Un vrai lit gygogne d'une dimension déplié de 1.60mx2m.  La chambre est équipé d'une connexion internet haut débit. La chambre est dans un immeuble standing calme typiquement parisien. La chambre se trouve au 7ème étage accessible par ascenseur.  Je vous accueil et je vous laisse mes coordonnées pour toute question. Le 15ème est un quartier ""chic et famille"" de paris. C'est un quartier propre ou l'on peut sortir à toute heure sans avoir de soucis. Il est bien desservi par les transports en commun. La ligne 8 est à 3min à pied et en 15min vous serez à Opéra et en 5min à la motte picquet juste à coté du champ de mars Le tarif comprend tout votre séjour.  Le ménage, l’électricité, le téléphone gratuit s"
12095	"The Flat and wc was rebuilt as new in 2014. Simple and easy to fit in, Perfectly located and accessible. It's 5min walk from ""champ de mars"" and 10 min to be under the Eiffel Tower."	"Studio renovated, ideally located for weekend for 2 to Paris. At Metro ségur 1.5 km from the Eiffel Tower. Located on the 6th floor, so sunny ( digicode + intercom ). Equipped with a mini terrace ( 1m2 ) , facing south . +3m2 private WC with keys The Flat and wc was rebuilt as new in 2014. Simple and easy to fit in, Perfectly located and accessible. It's 5min walk from ""champ de mars"" and 10 min to be under the Eiffel Tower. The entire Flat is available, meaning, the 10m2 studio wth the bed, the shower, the kitchen, wardrobe, Tv, internet cable and Wifi etc... + the balcony (1m2) + the WC in another room (2m2) I live in the next street, so i can be on site in less than 5 min, feel free to call, text or email me if there is any problem. 7th neighborhood is among ""uptown areas""of the Paris ouest. Nearby ""l'hôtel des Invalides, l’École militaire, UNESCO, garden du Champ-de-Mars troned by la Tour Eiffel.  The must ""the street market place of fresh french food"" of l'avenue de saxe every thu"
12096	Our completely refurnished 3-bdr apartment is situated near metro Emile Zola. It's a bright and sunny space on the 7th floor (with an elevator). There are two bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and lots of toys and games for kids. Our fully-equipped apartment is just minutes away from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine and many of the great sights in Paris. It will be your home away from home while you're here. We'll have someone to greet you to make sure you get settled in.  We'll have someone to greet you to make sure you get settled in. 	Our completely refurnished 3-bdr apartment is situated near metro Emile Zola. It's a bright and sunny space on the 7th floor (with an elevator). There are two bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and lots of toys and games for kids. Our completely refurnished 3-bdr apartment is situated near metro Emile Zola. It's a bright and sunny space on the 7th floor (with an elevator). There are two bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and lots of toys and games for kids. Our fully-equipped apartment is just minutes away from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine and many of the great sights in Paris. It will be your home away from home while you're here. We'll have someone to greet you to make sure you get settled in.  We'll have someone to greet you to make sure you get settled in.  Wifi included We'll have someone to greet you to make sure you get settled in. 
12097	Near the tour eiffel	Charmant petit studio pour une personne ou un couple, dans un quartier traditionnel de Paris, tous les commerces à la porte, à coté de la Tour Eiffel et à 5 stations de metro du quartier latin. Le wifi est compris ainsi que l'eau et l'électricité. Near the tour eiffel Wifi, Washing machine
12098		Au coeur du 15e arrondissement, proche de Porte de Versailles, joli 2 pièces de 40m² traversant, au 4e étage, ensoleillé, parfaitement équipé, dans un immeuble calme et sympa. Lit 2 places et canapé-lit. Proche métro. 
12099	It is an apartment with all the necessary conveniences (TV, internet, office desk) two room double beds, bathroom, and kitchen . it's situated in the 15th district, it s very pleasant 15 mn by bicycle to the Eiffel Tower. The District is lively (restaurants, market, shop)	hello I rent my apartment 34 m2 (2 rooms) Located in the 15th arrondissement, in a very nice area,  15 minutes by bike from the Eiffel Tower. Lively restaurants, markets , shops. I speak English, Spanish. :) It is an apartment with all the necessary conveniences (TV, internet, office desk) two room double beds, bathroom, and kitchen . it's situated in the 15th district, it s very pleasant 15 mn by bicycle to the Eiffel Tower. The District is lively (restaurants, market, shop) The apartment is very well served. They are  two different subway lines. Line 8 ( Boucicaut ), line 10 (Charles Michel), also the RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) C, as well as the TRAM. Differents buses will allow you to visit easily Paris I can speak french, spanish and english Quarter of the 15th arrondissement of Paris, in the west. It is bordered to the northwest by  the Seine that follow the Grenelle docks, and the neighborhood has a large share of the Front de Seine. There is  the Beaugrenelle shopping center,
12100	Très bel appartement Haussmannien, de 120 M2 en plein cœur de Paris, à 3 pas de la Tour Eiffel, belle vue, belle lumière, calme et serein. Le chic Parisien à 5 min de Saint Germain, métro Convention à 300m. Toutes commodités, Boulangerie, petits restaurants, Bistrots et super-marchés.  Caution de 900€ sera demandée à l'arrivée et sera restituée à la fin du séjour si aucun dégâts.	La cuisine de cet appartement est notre endroit préféré pour faire des soirées entre amis, très spacieuse elle accueille jusqu'à 10 personnes confortablement.  Le salon est très lumineux, il se prête à la lecture  ou au visionnage de films. Très bel appartement Haussmannien, de 120 M2 en plein cœur de Paris, à 3 pas de la Tour Eiffel, belle vue, belle lumière, calme et serein. Le chic Parisien à 5 min de Saint Germain, métro Convention à 300m. Toutes commodités, Boulangerie, petits restaurants, Bistrots et super-marchés.  Caution de 900€ sera demandée à l'arrivée et sera restituée à la fin du séjour si aucun dégâts. Accès à tout l'appartement. Nous avons des amis qui résident dans le quartier qui pourront vous accueillir et vous renseigner si besoin. Quartier très agréable, un boulanger en bas de l'immeuble, une petite supérette juste en face, et pour les grande courses, un Monoprix à 300 m.  Nous laissons des placards pleins, afin que nos hôtes n'aient pas à courir faire leurs courses
12101	chambre très agréable avec accès privatif et salle d'eau /WC privatifs. A deux pas du parc des expositions (porte de versailles). Très bien desservies par le métro, tram et bus (noctilien également). La chambre est à l'écart de la rue donc aucun bruit gênant. 	"    A paris, Jolie chambre avec entrée privative et salle d'eau (petite douche et WC) également privative. A quelques minutes à pied de porte de Versailles et du parc des expositions (salon de l'automobile, du mariage, du chocolat et tant d'autres).    chambre très agréable avec accès privatif et salle d'eau /WC privatifs. A deux pas du parc des expositions (porte de versailles). Très bien desservies par le métro, tram et bus (noctilien également). La chambre est à l'écart de la rue donc aucun bruit gênant.  Les voyageurs ont accès à la salle d'eau et WC Je serais présente pour les accueillir. Si cela les intéresse je peux même faire ""guide touristique"" en leur proposant des balades à pied dans paris. Le calme la proximité du parc des expositions la proximité de nombreux magasins et d'une rue commerçante. La tour Eiffel se trouve à moins de 10 min en métro. Métro : ligne 12, porte de Versailles ligne 8, lourmel ou balard Tram T2: porte de versailles T3: balard Bus: Bus 39 Noctilien N13"
12102		Charmant petit appartement de 44 m2 en souplex à quelques minutes de la Tour Effel, dans un rue calme mais proches de commerces et restaurants. Il peut accueillir confortablement trois personnes et comprend une cuisine toute équipée, une salle de douche et l'accès au Wi-Fi Les locataires ont accès à l'appartement entier. Il y a au rez de chaussée un salon avec un lit d'une personne, une cuisine entièrement équipée et une salle de douche. En souples, la chambre est équipée d'un lit de deux personnes et d'un lit bébé. Je serai sur place pour accueillir les voyageurs et reste disponible par téléphone tout au long de leur séjour.  Le métro le plus proche est Dupleix, situé à moins de 5 minutes à pied de l'appartement.
12103	小巴黎15区，安静方便，房间为上下两层各20平米，楼上客人卧室，楼下我们共用客厅厨房洗手间淋浴。提供WI-FI。周边四家超市，家乐福monoprix等，邮局，银行，洗衣房在紧旁边，离地铁很近，走路三分钟，(website hidden)  只接待女生 卧室在楼上需要爬楼梯，所以对上年纪的人不太方便。	I study art in paris. My appartement is near to metro line 12 , 6 and 10. We wil share the shower room,toilet and kitchen at 1st floor, your bedroom is at 2st floor, in the picture you can see un ladder. This room is only for girls.
12104	Description of the apartment -perfect renting for a couple + 2 children or 2 couples -Original arrangement, fully equipped with ample storage space -ground floor: entrance / living room / semi fitted kitchen (hob, oven, dishwasher, microwave) -first floor: landing with lots of storage / bedroom 1 bed / 1 bedroom 2 single beds (duvets and pillows provided) / shower and toilet (washing machine)	Description of the apartment -perfect renting for a couple + 2 children or 2 couples -Original arrangement, fully equipped with ample storage space -ground floor: entrance / living room / semi fitted kitchen (hob, oven, dishwasher, microwave) Description of the apartment -perfect renting for a couple + 2 children or 2 couples -Original arrangement, fully equipped with ample storage space -ground floor: entrance / living room / semi fitted kitchen (hob, oven, dishwasher, microwave) -first floor: landing with lots of storage / bedroom 1 bed / 1 bedroom 2 single beds (duvets and pillows provided) / shower and toilet (washing machine) Location Metro: La Motte Picquet-Grenelle / Dupleix / RER C Champ de Mars Bus: (phone number hidden) Quiet and pleasant district with gardens Shops nearby, market at M°Dupleix on wednesday and sunday mornings On the first and last floor of a small charming house given on to a quiet garden and a private villa Building with code, private villa deprived with doo
12105	Appartement 2 pièces plein sud sur balcon, chambre séparée tout confort au calme sur jardin	Appartement lumineux et douillet sur jardin. Idéal pour 4 personnes, à 5 min à pied de Montparnasse, à proximité du métro, bus, cinémas,restaurants et boutiques. Profitez du balcon ensoleillé plein sud et de sa cuisine équipée. Ascenceur . Appartement 2 pièces plein sud sur balcon, chambre séparée tout confort au calme sur jardin TV, Wifi Fibre Optique, Ascenseur, Lave Vaisselle, Lave linge. Conciergerie trilingue Quartier Montparnasse Tous transport en commun à proximité pour accéder à tous les sites touristiques de Paris Toutes commodités en sorties, loisirs, culture et boutiques (galeries lafayette) Gare Montparnasse à 5 min à pied Marché de Edgar Quinet tous les dimanches matin
12106	I have a big apartment of 35m2 where I live alone and I would like to rent it during my absence. It is located in the frontier of Paris, near the Seine and just beside a beautiful parc of the Isle of Saint Germain (Parc de l'île Saint Germain). The apartment has a very quiet surrounding and it is close to the public transport (100m away from the tram T2 and 4 min from RER C). It takes 4 stations to go to the Eiffel tower and the line (RER C) goes also directly to Chateau de Versailles. There is a big shopping center just 200 meter away from the apartment (supermarket, bakery..) Tram T2: Les Moulineaux RER C: Issy Bus: (phone number hidden) 	"A new and cosy apartment with big balcony, well served by public transport (T2, RER C) in a residential district. 4 stations from Eiffel tower. The big shopping center of Issy is just 200m away. I have a big apartment of 35m2 where I live alone and I would like to rent it during my absence. It is located in the frontier of Paris, near the Seine and just beside a beautiful parc of the Isle of Saint Germain (Parc de l'île Saint Germain). The apartment has a very quiet surrounding and it is close to the public transport (100m away from the tram T2 and 4 min from RER C). It takes 4 stations to go to the Eiffel tower and the line (RER C) goes also directly to Chateau de Versailles. There is a big shopping center just 200 meter away from the apartment (supermarket, bakery..) Tram T2: Les Moulineaux RER C: Issy Bus: (phone number hidden) Tram T2 ""Les Moulineaux"" RER C ""Issy"" Bus 123 Bus 289 Bus 389 I leave a paper where I explain the details that can be useful to stay in the apartment. Let me"
12107	Beau studio de 25 m2 refait à neuf. La cuisine est séparée, toute équipée, avec un confortable coin repas La pièce est équipée d'un vrai lit de 160. Salle de bain avec une grande douche. Très fonctionnel, il se situe au rez de chaussée d'un immeuble ancien.	Très beau studio refait à neuf à 15min a pied de la Tour Eiffel. Il est situé dans un quartier calme et sûr à 50m du métro Javel et du RER C. Les commerces, restaurants et le centre commercial Beaugrenelle sont à moins de 5min, supermarché à 2 min. Beau studio de 25 m2 refait à neuf. La cuisine est séparée, toute équipée, avec un confortable coin repas La pièce est équipée d'un vrai lit de 160. Salle de bain avec une grande douche. Très fonctionnel, il se situe au rez de chaussée d'un immeuble ancien. Tout le logement Je serai sur place pour vous accueillir. Pour tout problème qui pourrait survenir je suis joignable à tout moment, même tard le soir. C'est un quartier très aéré, sûr et tranquille de Paris à la sortie du pont Mirabeau, le long de la Seine. Tous les commerces sont à proximité immédiate, dont entre autre le nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle (Cinémas, FNAC, ...) et un supermarché à 2 min. De nombreux restaurants, snacks ou traiteurs sont à moins de 5 min (Français mais
12108	this room is very quiet, decoration minimalist,  hausman style. wooden floor. 1 bed for 1 person, and a sofa bed for 2 people	hello, I rent a room, 13 m2, in my charming flat, 2 floor without elevator, quiet building,  in the 15 district, 3 min close to the metro station Vaugirard, 15 min to the eiffel tower. there is wifi . Pay attention, there is a beloved cat, June. this room is very quiet, decoration minimalist,  hausman style. wooden floor. 1 bed for 1 person, and a sofa bed for 2 people you have acces to the kitchen, bathroom, fridge, washing machine. I can provide advices for a better visit during your trip in Paris. the neigbourghhood, is very quiet and charming, near the Eiffel tower 15 min by walk, and porte de Versailles. 3 min, close to the station Vaugirard line12.
12109	Clear and quiet appartement, fully refurbished. Bakery, butchery and other food store nearby	OEHGH Clear and quiet appartement, fully refurbished. Bakery, butchery and other food store nearby Close to the Eiffel tower, Trocadero, Boulevard St Germain, St Michel and children playground I will not be here during the stay Calm neighborhood, but with quick connection to the exiting Paris Metro line 12 Bus line 62 Charles Valin stop Car parc free during the week-end in the street
12110	l'appartement est situé dans une résidence moderne et de standing, l'immeuble est gardé, et dispose de sécurité d'accès, Visio-interphone, ascenseurs, cour intérieure.... le logement est grand( 50m²) et conviviale avec un très grand balcon vue sur le jardin, une grande salle de bain avec baignoire, dispose de tout les équipements pour vous assurer un séjours en tout confort	-Perfeclty Located in the middle of Paris 15  -2 min walk from Metro Convention -1 metro station away from pte de Versaille ( Expo Center) -Fully Furnished -wifi/TV -Pet Welcome -Large Balcony -47m2
12111	Situé à 10 minutes à pied de la gare Montparnasse, dans un immeuble récent, l'appartement donne sur un jardin. Il est clair et ensoleillé. Il est près de deux stations de métro et très proche de plusieurs stations de bus permettant de se rendre facilement n'importe où dans Paris et en banlieue.	Situé à 10 minutes à pied de la gare Montparnasse, dans un immeuble récent, l'appartement donne sur un jardin. Il est clair et ensoleillé. Il est près de deux stations de métro et très proche de plusieurs stations de bus permettant de se rendre facilement n'importe où dans Paris et en banlieue. L'appartement est occupé et contient donc tous les équipements nécessaires (machines à laver, lave vaisselle, four, micro ondes...). Les draps et les serviettes sont fournies avec la location. L'accueil et le départ seront assurés par le propriétaire. Le quartier est très vivant et on y trouve de nombreux commerces et restaurants.
12112	Charming apartment, confortable and bright, located in the 15em arrondissement. 43m². 1 bedroom with a double bed; 1 living room with a large sofa that becomes a double bed, TV and WiFi; dining room with chairs and table; kitchen full equipped with electric oven, fridge and coffee machine; bathroom and toilet separated, washing machine, hair dryer, towels and bed sheets. 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower. 50 meters from metro station “Emile Zola” (line 10) and 300 meters from metro station “La Motte-Picquet-Grenelle” (lines 6, 8 and 10). The owner gives to the guest the keys, the entrance code for the building and gives useful information about the city. Departamento luminoso y calmo de 43m² localizado en el 15em arrondissement. Cuenta con una habitación con cama doble; una gran sala de estar con un sofá cama de dos plazas, televisor y WiFi; comedor con mesa y sillas; cocina separada equipada con horno eléctrico, placas, heladera y máquina de café; baño y toilette separados, lavarrop	Charming apartment, comfortable, quite, bright and fully equipped 43m². 1 bedroom with a double bed; 1 living room with a large sofa that becomes a double bed; dining room; kitchen full equipped and washing machine 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower Charming apartment, confortable and bright, located in the 15em arrondissement. 43m². 1 bedroom with a double bed; 1 living room with a large sofa that becomes a double bed, TV and WiFi; dining room with chairs and table; kitchen full equipped with electric oven, fridge and coffee machine; bathroom and toilet separated, washing machine, hair dryer, towels and bed sheets. 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower. 50 meters from metro station “Emile Zola” (line 10) and 300 meters from metro station “La Motte-Picquet-Grenelle” (lines 6, 8 and 10). The owner gives to the guest the keys, the entrance code for the building and gives useful information about the city. Departamento luminoso y calmo de 43m² localizado en el 15em arrondissement. Cuenta c
12113	"Newly renovated Duplex apartment, 10min walk to the Eiffel Tower This unique 2 bedroom 2.5 bathroom apartment has a very spacious living area with 20 ft ceilings and is decorated by art lovers. Formerly used as an artist loft, this ground and first floor apartment is in a small building with only a handful of neighbors. Ground floor: Large living area and a dinning table (accomodates up to 8 guests) Flat screen TV with cable Kitchen with modern appliances, including a dishwasher Half-bathroom with sink Upstairs: Two large bedrooms, each with their own bathroom and high-quality bedding (160x200 and 140x190) One bathroom with standing italian style shower Other with large bathtub  One loggia/reading area overlooking living room with high-quality sofa bed (160x190) Separate office area also overlooking living room, equipped with 27"" iMac computer High speed internet Free phone calls to anywhere in the world Washer and dryer High quality linens and towels Please note that check-in time is "	Newly renovated Duplex apartment, 10min walk to the Eiffel Tower  Former artist loft, 2 bedroom 2.5 bathroom apartment (sleeps 6) with very spacious living area with 20 ft ceilings and decorated by art lovers. Newly renovated Duplex apartment, 10min walk to the Eiffel Tower This unique 2 bedroom 2.5 bathroom apartment has a very spacious living area with 20 ft ceilings and is decorated by art lovers. Formerly used as an artist loft, this ground and first floor apartment is in a small building with only a handful of neighbors. Ground floor: Large living area and a dinning table (accomodates up to 8 guests) Flat screen TV with cable Kitchen with modern appliances, including a dishwasher Half-bathroom with sink Upstairs: Two large bedrooms, each with their own bathroom and high-quality bedding (160x200 and 140x190) One bathroom with standing italian style shower Other with large bathtub  One loggia/reading area overlooking living room with high-quality sofa bed (160x190) Separate office a
12114	High standing building. In the heart of Paris, animated district, next to 6th (Saint Germain des pres). Nevertheless the street and neighbours are quiet. 	Beautiful flat with 113 square meter with a terace  with a view on all Paris. Modern decoration with a big living-room (3 big windows) and open kitchen, 2/3 bedrooms with a bathroom and a shower room. High standing building. In the heart of Paris, animated district, next to 6th (Saint Germain des pres). Nevertheless the street and neighbours are quiet. Next to Montparnasse station with many buses, RER, and metro : 12,13,4 and 6 (the station is located in front of the building). Interaction by emails and phone. A concierge is living in the building and will welcome you. The flat is located next to 6th, 7th and 14th district in the heart of Paris in Montparnasse, the district of art, painters...  There are many restaurants, cinemas, theaters. There's a food market on saturday morning, boulevard Edgar Quinet. The same place is converted in art and kraft market on sunday mornings. The district 6th is famous for shopping (rue de Sèvres, 'le bon marché', rue du Dragon..) and pedestrian stree
12115	Dans residence hoteliere de standing, coquet et chaleureux appartement de 2 pièces équipé pour 4 personnes. Le métro situé à proximité permet un accès très facile au centre de Paris et les nombreux parcs situés à côté font de cet appartement un lieu de séjour très agréable. Parking  prive couvert gratuit en sous sol Situé au 3éme étage avec ascenseur. Séjour avec 1 banquette lit simple et 1 lit gigogne, chambre avec 2 lits simples ,cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, WC independants,télévision écran plat,  rafraîchisseur d'air, WI-FI. Linge de lit et de toilette fournis. Résidence avec gardien 24/24h. Laverie dans l immeuble (lavomatic payant ) Possibilité de prendre le petit déjeuner dans la résidence en supplement. Vous benefiez du parking en sous sol(gratuit). Internet/Wifi par la fibre Gratuit et illimité. Appartement non fumeur. Animaux interdits. Arrivée 14h/ Départ 11h Réservation 5 nuits minimum Possibilité de reserver un 2ème appartement identique (idéal pour 2 fami	Dans residence hoteliere de standing, coquet et chaleureux appartement de 2 pièces équipé pour 4 personnes. Linge de toilette , draps fournis pour 4 personnes Parking Privé en sous sol de la résidence Internet haut débit sans fil WIFI Laverie  Dans residence hoteliere de standing, coquet et chaleureux appartement de 2 pièces équipé pour 4 personnes. Le métro situé à proximité permet un accès très facile au centre de Paris et les nombreux parcs situés à côté font de cet appartement un lieu de séjour très agréable. Parking  prive couvert gratuit en sous sol Situé au 3éme étage avec ascenseur. Séjour avec 1 banquette lit simple et 1 lit gigogne, chambre avec 2 lits simples ,cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, WC independants,télévision écran plat,  rafraîchisseur d'air, WI-FI. Linge de lit et de toilette fournis. Résidence avec gardien 24/24h. Laverie dans l immeuble (lavomatic payant ) Possibilité de prendre le petit déjeuner dans la résidence en supplement. Vous benefiez du p
12116		n'etant pas moi meme à Paris il arrive souvent que ce soit une amie qui recoivent les hotes, je les prie de m'en excuser.
12117	This very bright and quiet loft overlooks a large garden with centenary trees. Refurbished and decorated in a contemporary style, with a real artist studio atmosphere, it is entirely set at your disposal.  In a safe and friendly neighborhood, this loft is located 15-20 minutes from main attractions (Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Montmartre...), Grands Magasins (Bon Marché) and is close to Roland-Garros, Issy-Les-Moulineaux, Parc des Expositions-Porte de Versailles, Institut Pasteur. It is served by subway lines 6 and 12 and many buses.  It is fully equipped to accommodate two people, tourists or business trip (kitchen, computer screens and TV, gym machine, wifi...) ------------------------------------------------------------------  Très lumineux, à l’abri du bruit, ce loft a été remis à neuf et possède une vraie atmosphère d’atelier d’artiste. Il a été décoré dans un style contemporain pour accueillir jusqu’à deux personnes. Dans un quartier convivial, ce loft se situe à 15-20 minutes de tous 	This very bright and quiet loft overlooks a large garden with centenary trees. Refurbished and decorated in a contemporary style, with a real artist studio atmosphere, it is entirely set at your disposal.  In a safe and friendly neighborhood, this loft is located 15-20 minutes from main attractions (Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Montmartre...), Grands Magasins (Bon Marché) and is close to Roland-Garros, Issy-Les-Moulineaux, Parc des Expositions-Porte de Versailles, Institut Pasteur. It is served by subway lines 6 and 12 and many buses.  It is fully equipped to accommodate two people, tourists or business trip (kitchen, computer screens and TV, gym machine, wifi...) ------------------------------------------------------------------  Très lumineux, à l’abri du bruit, ce loft a été remis à neuf et possède une vraie atmosphère d’atelier d’artiste. Il a été décoré dans un style contemporain pour accueillir jusqu’à deux personnes. Dans un quartier convivial, ce loft se situe à 15-20 minutes de tous 
12118		Appartement parisien très bien situé et a un prix attractif pour visiter paris. Au pied du Metro 14 et Rer c ( arrêt bibliothèque Francois Mitterrand), station velib', supermarché , commerces, douche,mirco-ondes, TV, internet,frigo,Ps3. Fonctionnel.
12119	Totally renewed by architect in 2015	Totally renewed apartment , close to Eiffel Tower . Salon , Kitchen, 1 bedroom and bathroom. Very close to metro and bus, 20mn from St Germain. Located in a street with lots of shops Totally renewed by architect in 2015
12120	You will be staying in this  photographer apartment, combining  charm and warmth. Have a taste of the old Paris close to all conveniences: A real hood, with squares, comble stones streets, quite parcs, and shops. 	One step to métro Convention, walking distance  to Porte de versailles. Sip your cafe on the terrasse, buy your baguette,  stroll along Paris' largest open air  market, close to the Eiffel Tower. Easy access to all major subway lines.     You will be staying in this  photographer apartment, combining  charm and warmth. Have a taste of the old Paris close to all conveniences: A real hood, with squares, comble stones streets, quite parcs, and shops.  One block the metro Convention you will be  at the center of the world! A few stations from Montparnasse, where artists and Jean-Paul Sartre used to live.  You can  cross the whole city for East to West. Rental bikes ( Velib), and electric cars (Autolib)  are  right across the street. Bus stations, ans cabs as well. Paris at your doorstep.  Being a  well travelled Parisian, I will be happy to welcome you, and share my love of the city. While you will  here, I  will most probably be shopping outside, or working at home. I love to share my lit
12121	You will have:  - a kitchen with two electric hot plates - a fridge - a microwave - a private bathroom (bathtube/shower) with toilets, a sink and two glasses. - a comfortable and convertible sofa bed for 2 persons - a table - high speed internet WIFI - TV flat screen Smart TV - and a wardrobe for your clothes. In front of the building, you will find a typical french bakery, a little but late open grocery store, a french restaurant, a theatre and a coin laundry. There are also several supermarkets 5 mins away, restaurants, brasserie and café, a movie theatre, Mc Donald's, KFC, Subway, Starbucks. Also every tuesday, thursday and sunday, you can enjoy the Convention outdoor market, where you can find fresh and delicious french food. 	Studio flat in Paris 15th arrondissement, a safe and family area. The studio flat is clean and recently refreshed, on the 4th floor (bright during the day) in  a quiet building with a lift and just behind the building, you can enjoy a little park. You will have:  - a kitchen with two electric hot plates - a fridge - a microwave - a private bathroom (bathtube/shower) with toilets, a sink and two glasses. - a comfortable and convertible sofa bed for 2 persons - a table - high speed internet WIFI - TV flat screen Smart TV - and a wardrobe for your clothes. In front of the building, you will find a typical french bakery, a little but late open grocery store, a french restaurant, a theatre and a coin laundry. There are also several supermarkets 5 mins away, restaurants, brasserie and café, a movie theatre, Mc Donald's, KFC, Subway, Starbucks. Also every tuesday, thursday and sunday, you can enjoy the Convention outdoor market, where you can find fresh and delicious french food. During your 
12122	The apartment is on the 1st floor without lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows overlook the street. The studio is well optimized, there are space and storages. The living room includes sofa/bed, Tv, dining table, coffee table, armchairs... The kitchen is separated and it's modern and completely equipped oven, microwave, fridge, vitroceramic, oven, microwave, coffee machine, kettle, washing machine, and all the items. The bathroom is rather spacious and included a shower.	This Studio for 2 people (35m²), is a typically parisian ! Just near the champs de Mars is perfect for visiting Paris. The apartment is on the 1st floor without lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows overlook the street. The studio is well optimized, there are space and storages. The living room includes sofa/bed, Tv, dining table, coffee table, armchairs... The kitchen is separated and it's modern and completely equipped oven, microwave, fridge, vitroceramic, oven, microwave, coffee machine, kettle, washing machine, and all the items. The bathroom is rather spacious and included a shower. the whole apartment over e-mail and phone Very well located in the 7th, the most elegant district of Paris, in a calm area filled with small shops. This apartment is just at few steps from the Eiffel Tower. Nearest subway : Motte Picquet Grenelle (line: 6,8,10) We get the principal advantage of a hotel, the household linen is furnished (bath towel, sheet). You have to know that in th
12123	Petit trésor caché au dernier étage, notre appartement de 54m2 est baigné de lumière et de silence. Personne au dessus ni même à côtés, vous vous sentirez perchés au dernier étage avec vue sur les toits de paris. Deux chambres avec lits doubles (dont un a baldaquin) seront au besoin complétées d'un canapé lit deux vraies places. 	Tout le charme et le confort d'un appartement parisien avec 2 chambres et une belle baie vitrée. Poutres apparentes, parquet, baignoire, cuisine américaine, 1 lit a baldaquin, une chambre vue sur les étoiles...Un appartement orienté charme et confort Petit trésor caché au dernier étage, notre appartement de 54m2 est baigné de lumière et de silence. Personne au dessus ni même à côtés, vous vous sentirez perchés au dernier étage avec vue sur les toits de paris. Deux chambres avec lits doubles (dont un a baldaquin) seront au besoin complétées d'un canapé lit deux vraies places. Les voyageurs auront accès à tous les équipements de la maison (sauf le dressing fermé). De nombreux rangements sont accessibles.  Nous serons absents pendant leur séjour, mais joignables au besoin. Une vraie vie de quartier familiale, calme et sympathique. A deux pas du marché, de très nombreux commerçants et restaurants en tous genres, un cinéma, un parc pour les enfants...C'est un lieu de vie sympathique et sûr 
12124	Grand appartement, calme et lumineux, dans un quartier très vivant de Paris (Beaugrenelle), à proximité de magasins, de petites boutiques, à 5 minutes à pieds de la Seine et proche de la tour Eiffel. Disposant d'un petit jardin d'intérieur, il y fait bon vivre à tout moment de l'année. 	Ce grand deux-pièces au 1er étage d'un côté, jardin de l'autre est lumineux et très confortable ! Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes et est dans le quartier très vivant de Beaugrenelle à Paris. Proche de la tour Eiffel. Grand appartement, calme et lumineux, dans un quartier très vivant de Paris (Beaugrenelle), à proximité de magasins, de petites boutiques, à 5 minutes à pieds de la Seine et proche de la tour Eiffel. Disposant d'un petit jardin d'intérieur, il y fait bon vivre à tout moment de l'année.  L'appartement est entièrement équipé: internet, télévision avec box, machine à laver, four, plaques électriques, grille pain, etc. Les serviettes sont également fournies. J'adore ce quartier qui est pour moi l'un des plus vivants de Paris et des plus pratiques. A proximité, vous disposez de plusieurs lignes de métro (ligne 6, ligne 10, ligne 8), de plusieurs bus (70, 88, 42) qui vous aideront à silloner Paris. Plusieurs grandes surfaces à 2 pas de la maison pour faire ses petites cou
12125	Kitchen with gas stove, fridge / freezer, Dolce Gusto Coffee machine , toaster , blender, washing machine and cooking utensils.  One bedroom with double bed, living room with sofa bed. Bathroom with shower.	One bedroom apartment, calm and comfortable, located at 10 minutes from Montparnasse station. Ideal to visit Paris ! Kitchen with gas stove, fridge / freezer, Dolce Gusto Coffee machine , toaster , blender, washing machine and cooking utensils.  One bedroom with double bed, living room with sofa bed. Bathroom with shower. We can help our travelers to prepare their stay in Paris. Residential area with shops and restaurants, quiet, near the Montparnasse district. You will also find theaters, easily accessible. Bus 88 and 95 allow easy access to Montparnasse station, Saint-Germain -des-Prés , the Louvre Museum , the Catacombs or the Montsouris Park. Subway lines 13 to 7 minutes (Pernety stop) , lines 6 and 12 at 10 minutes (Pasteur stop) . Quick access to Montparnasse train station (5 minutes by bus , 10 on foot ) to get to Versailles. 2 Vélib stations within 2 minutes . The resort shuttles Air France between Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly are at 10 minutes. We ask you to arrive before
12126	Chambre (petite surface) aménagée avec douche et coin cuisine. Lit pour 2 personnes. Les WC sont dans le couloir (à 5 mètres). Appartement situé au 7e sans ascenseur (assez dur! )	Loue petite chambre situé à côté du Champ de Mars (Tour Eiffel) . Métro La Motte piquet Grenelle / Ecole militaire. Au 7e étage sans ascenseur(!), avec belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel, meublé avec douche et kitchenette. Wc sur palier. Chambre (petite surface) aménagée avec douche et coin cuisine. Lit pour 2 personnes. Les WC sont dans le couloir (à 5 mètres). Appartement situé au 7e sans ascenseur (assez dur! ) Logement entier laissé à votre disposition Je dors chez mon copain (appartement situé ailleurs dans paris). Je suis disponible en cas de besoin Petite chambre située dans les beaux quartiers, entre le Champ de Mars (Tour Eiffel) et Grenelle. Immeuble Haussmannien avec gardienne et digicode.  Quartier très vivant avec nombreux commerces, restaurants, bars, supermarchés à proximité. Location idéale pour une visite de quelques nuits à Paris, pratique pour profiter des principaux points touristiques. Métro La Motte piquet Grenelle ou Ecole militaire. Bus, vélib, taxis, parkings à proxi
12127	Our apt is located in a very safe area. It is in a closed residence with entry codes and a caretaker. It is a 40m square oriented south west with no building opposite so very shiny. No worries with the heat, we have a great AC! Our apt is what we call a 1,5 apt: means that the living room is open on the room, but they are separate spaces.	Our apartment is well located in the 15th area, 15 min walking from the Eiffel Tower, its very Sunny in a quiet street 5 min walking from 3 metro stations that allows you to reach any place in Paris in 30min max. Perfect to discover Paris in couple. Our apt is located in a very safe area. It is in a closed residence with entry codes and a caretaker. It is a 40m square oriented south west with no building opposite so very shiny. No worries with the heat, we have a great AC! Our apt is what we call a 1,5 apt: means that the living room is open on the room, but they are separate spaces. Our apt will be fully yours, except our dressing room but you will have a chest of drawers for your clothes We will be out of the city but in France and reachable 24/7 on our phones. The neighborhood is great, with all stores around plus bars and restaurants. We are 3 min walking from Commerce street with all its famous shops. We are also 15 min walking from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars. We have
12128	50 square meters walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, the Trocadero and the mall Beaugrenelle (shops, movie theater, supermarket, restaurants..). Also, the building is very safe as it is under surveillance day and night by a doorman. It also has direct access to the piers.	Enjoy one of the nicest area of Paris by staying in my one bedroom apartment!  Fully furnished you'll be able to feel at home while experimenting the Parisian way of life :) 50 square meters walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, the Trocadero and the mall Beaugrenelle (shops, movie theater, supermarket, restaurants..). Also, the building is very safe as it is under surveillance day and night by a doorman. It also has direct access to the piers. You will have access to the full apartment, therefore you'll be able to use the kitchen, bathroom and living room as you like. I will not be in the apartment when a guest is, so you will have the place for yourself :) but you will be able to contact me by phone or emails if there is anything that you need.  Typical French neighborhood filled with a lot of small shops for all your needs (grocery store, butcher, bakeries...) The building if very easily accessible with 3 different train lines and a taxi station right at the bottom. 3 minutes walkin
12129	No view on to the street, only the courtyard, very quiet, the apartment is furnished the way I wanted it to be :) I lived there 3 years, and left everything for you to use, from the dishwasher to the dim light and the big cushions on the great couch. Of course, there is a big bed (queen size), with everything you need (towels, sheets, ...).	"Very comfy, true Parisian apartment, extremely quiet (backyard view). Next to the Eiffel tower, the Invalides and convenient stores. Easy to move around with big subway station next door. No view on to the street, only the courtyard, very quiet, the apartment is furnished the way I wanted it to be :) I lived there 3 years, and left everything for you to use, from the dishwasher to the dim light and the big cushions on the great couch. Of course, there is a big bed (queen size), with everything you need (towels, sheets, ...). The metro station ""La Motte Picquet Grenelle"", with 3 different lines (line 6, 8 and 10) is 10 minutes away. Subway station ""Emile Zola"" on line 10 is 2 minutes away. I'm living abroad for a while, but you'll be in touch with my good Friend who will take care of you, advise you where to go , where not to go, given what your preferences are. Don't hesitate to ask :) The ""Champ de Mars"" is 10 minutes walking, and you'll have a great view on the Eiffel Tower. Perfect "
12130	Beautifully decorated, fully-equipped Parisian apartment in the 15th arrondissement, a 15-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, a 10-minute walk from rue de Commerce, place to do all kinds of shopping! We have put a lot of effort into the appearance of our apartment. It is an early 20th century building, apartment on the 4th floor, with an elevator, hardwood floors and beautiful ceiling moldings. We have a full living room and full dining room and one bedroom with a double bed (140cm wide). All rooms can be closed off by doors, so the living room can be transformed into a second bedroom, as the sofa transforms into a very comfortable bed (high quality mattress, 120cm wide, ideal for a couple or two children).  Boutiques and shops at the foot of the building, including great butcher and fish shops, a great bakery (with the flakiest croissants and finest baguettes!), fruit and vegetable vendors, cheese shops, wine shops and a large grocery store if making your own meals is something you lov	Very lovely apartment 50m2 in a nice neighborhood close to the Eiffel Tower. Accommodates up to 4 people.     Beautifully decorated, fully-equipped Parisian apartment in the 15th arrondissement, a 15-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, a 10-minute walk from rue de Commerce, place to do all kinds of shopping! We have put a lot of effort into the appearance of our apartment. It is an early 20th century building, apartment on the 4th floor, with an elevator, hardwood floors and beautiful ceiling moldings. We have a full living room and full dining room and one bedroom with a double bed (140cm wide). All rooms can be closed off by doors, so the living room can be transformed into a second bedroom, as the sofa transforms into a very comfortable bed (high quality mattress, 120cm wide, ideal for a couple or two children).  Boutiques and shops at the foot of the building, including great butcher and fish shops, a great bakery (with the flakiest croissants and finest baguettes!), fruit and veget
12131	Cet appartement est au pied de la porte de Versailles et du Parc des Expositions. Les résidents bénéficient du confort de l’hôtel sécurisé, confortable et  bien entretenu. 	Cet appartement est au pied de la porte de Versailles et du Parc des Expositions. Les résidents bénéficient du confort de l’hôtel sécurisé, confortable et  bien entretenu.  A 20 minutes du centre de Paris par les transports en commun à 5 minutes de marche - métro ligne 12 porte de Versailles  - métro ligne 8 balard  -lignes T2 et T3 du tramway situé à 15 minutes de la gare de Montparnasse, 30 minutes des gares du Nord et de l'Est, 40 minutes de l'aéroport d’Orly et 1 heure de l'aéroport Charles de Gaule  On dénombre, en effet, dans l’environnement proche du Parc de nombreux cafés, brasseries et restaurants (plus de 40)
12132	Wonderful apartment of 55 sqm with a separate bedroom The flat includes a separate bedroom and a big living room, separate toilets, bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen Located in the north 15 a calm and traditional central Parisian neighbourhood Located in a very quiet building, this brand new flat on courtyard is provided with an open kitchen with a bar, and a shower room.. At the 1rst Floor, the building provides an elevator. . Fully equiped kitchen : micro-wave, toaster, washing machine, kitchen utensils ...  . Bathroom with a bath, hairdryer  . High speed internet access Wi Fi, TV set HD  . Comfortable bed + sofa-bed  . Vacuum cleaner, ironing table & ironer  . Wardrobe, closet . Linen and towels included The apartment is all yours I will try to always be available, and I would be happy to help if you have any questions The apartment is placed near the metro Charles michel (Line 10), Commerces (Line 8) and Dupleix (Line 6) . There is a next door supermaket, bakery, many bistrots 	Wonderful apartment of 55 sqm with a separate bedroom The flat includes a separate bedroom and a big living room, separate toilets, bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen Located in the north 15 a calm and traditional central Parisian neighbourhood Located in a very quiet building, this brand new flat on courtyard is provided with an open kitchen with a bar, and a shower room.. At the 1rst Floor, the building provides an elevator. . Fully equiped kitchen : micro-wave, toaster, washing machine, kitchen utensils ...  . Bathroom with a bath, hairdryer  . High speed internet access Wi Fi, TV set HD  . Comfortable bed + sofa-bed  . Vacuum cleaner, ironing table & ironer  . Wardrobe, closet . Linen and towels included The apartment is all yours I will try to always be available, and I would be happy to help if you have any questions The apartment is placed near the metro Charles michel (Line 10), Commerces (Line 8) and Dupleix (Line 6) . There is a next door supermaket, bakery, many bistrots 
12133	Perfect apartment for 2 people which contains one extra bed for two people. It was fully renovated in 2015. Very functional and fully equipped, it will bring you all the comfort you expect in order for you to enjoy the Parisian life.	Appartment renovated in 2015, very calm on ground floor and in front of a leafy courtyard. Very close from the famous street 'Rue du Commerce' and from the Eiffel Tower Perfect apartment for 2 people which contains one extra bed for two people. It was fully renovated in 2015. Very functional and fully equipped, it will bring you all the comfort you expect in order for you to enjoy the Parisian life. Close to the Eiffel Tower, to the Champ de Mars or to the Invalides, It feels great to live in this appartment. You will find everything you need at anytime in the neighbourhood. The appartment is close to the famous street 'Rue du Commerce' and to the lines 6,8 an 10 of the metro By walk : 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars where you can have your jogging and night picnic. By Bike : A lot of Bike Spot (VELIB) around the appartment Metro : The closest station is La Motte Picquet Grenelle (3 minutes by walk) : -       The Line 10 will bring you at the Quartier Latin in 15
12134	With 3 bedrooms, this 78m2 flat is very convenient for a family with 2 or 3 children. There is also a confortable sofa bed in the living room and even an extra mattress if necessary... I live in it with my children, that's why it is not often available. Located on the 5th floor, the place is very luminous with a lovely rooftop view.  Recently redone with all modern amenities, it is really comfortable while retaining the charm of old Parisian apartments (wooden floors, fireplace).  The residence is very quiet, surounded by everything you may need and very well deserved by transport means. What else ? 	With 3 bedrooms, this flat can easily accommodate a family of 2 or 3 children. It is located near metro, RER C, shops and not far from the Eiffel Tower. Bright, luminous and cozy, this is the perfect place to discover Paris ! With 3 bedrooms, this 78m2 flat is very convenient for a family with 2 or 3 children. There is also a confortable sofa bed in the living room and even an extra mattress if necessary... I live in it with my children, that's why it is not often available. Located on the 5th floor, the place is very luminous with a lovely rooftop view.  Recently redone with all modern amenities, it is really comfortable while retaining the charm of old Parisian apartments (wooden floors, fireplace).  The residence is very quiet, surounded by everything you may need and very well deserved by transport means. What else ? You have access to the whole flat. If i'm in town, I'll be pleased to welcome you and show you the place. If not, it's my super cleaning lady who will do that, she is 
12135		Agréable studio à 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel.  Avec toutes les commodités (cuisine, salle de bain, chauffage, wifi).  La ligne de Métro 6, Dupleix,  se trouve à 150 mètres. Lignes 8 et 10 très proches. Idéal pour les couples.
12136	très bien situé. 	chambre privée dans un bel appartement S+3 spacieux à Paris 15ème, station convention. Proche de toute commodité (métro, autolib, vlib). 15 min de montparnasse. Accès à une cuisine bien équipée.  très bien situé. Résidence calme dans un cartier animé Métro ligne 12, station convention 
12137	In a quiet district, in 5 minutes of the subway Vaugirard, the starting point for a beautiful ballad of 1/2 a hour towards the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has been done up like new, it is spacious, bright, pleasant and comfortable.  Placed in a building of the 50s, the 3-room apartment has just been done up like new. It has a small balcony. It is very bright and pleasant. The proposed room has a double bed and a small desk. 	Dans un quartier calme, à 5 minutes du métro Vaugirard, point de départ pour une belle ballade d'1/2 h vers  la Tour Eiffel. L'appartement vient d'être refait à neuf, il est spacieux, lumineux,  agréable et confortable.  In a quiet district, in 5 minutes of the subway Vaugirard, the starting point for a beautiful ballad of 1/2 a hour towards the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has been done up like new, it is spacious, bright, pleasant and comfortable.  Placed in a building of the 50s, the 3-room apartment has just been done up like new. It has a small balcony. It is very bright and pleasant. The proposed room has a double bed and a small desk. The travelers will have access to the kitchen, to the lounge, to the bathroom and obviously to the toilet. A  closet  is released to tidy up clothes. The television (with Canal+), internet, the hi-fi system and books are at available. (For books obviously, put them back to their places) During the stay stay, we shall welcome you with Paule, my partn
12138		Cozy 30msq apartement: fully equipped kitchen, 1 bedroom, big closet and bathroom. Pretty bulding with lift and concierge. At 500m to the metro station, tramway and buses going to the city center (15m). Supermarket, drugstore at 2mn walk. Metro station line 12 - Porte de Versailles (Concorde, Operà, Montmartre) Tramway line 2 and 3 - Porte de Versailles (connection with RER B to the airports) Buses 80 - 39 - 89 (Champs Elysées - Notre Dame - St germain)
12139		Je propose une chambre spacieuse dans grand appartement dans le 15 ème, entre plaisance et convention ( ligne :12-13). Très bien situé dans paris. L'appart fait 110m², composé d'1 grand salon, d'1 cuisine, et de 3 autres chambres.
12140	Spacious apartment decorated with Parisian cachet. Wooden floor, double living room with a 1930s chimney and a bow window where you can indulge in taking a  drink while watching the Eiffel Tower scintillate. Fully equipped kitchen. Large room with a view on a courtyard with flowers. Long corridor, bath room with a bath tub and charming blue tiles; separate toilets. Refurbished not long ago.	70 sqm flat in Central Paris (Tour Eiffel) with double bedroom, fully equipped kitchen, spacious living room, 1930s chimney & view on the Eiffel Tower from the bow window. Decorated with cachet. Free WIFI. Excellent location & transport connections. Spacious apartment decorated with Parisian cachet. Wooden floor, double living room with a 1930s chimney and a bow window where you can indulge in taking a  drink while watching the Eiffel Tower scintillate. Fully equipped kitchen. Large room with a view on a courtyard with flowers. Long corridor, bath room with a bath tub and charming blue tiles; separate toilets. Refurbished not long ago. Access is given to all the apartment a part from one children's room. We will be delighted to be there for your arrival and give you tips about the city if you wish. And of course we will be there to say good bye. But we won't bother you during your stay! Ideally located at 10mn walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, the Champ de Mars and the Seine. 3mn
12141		Metro 6 Dupleix / Metro 8 Commerce / Metro 10 Avenue Émile Zola
12142	Charmant 2 pièces situé  rue Lecourbe.  Plus adapté a 2 personnes, le canapé lit étant peu confortable mais il fait l'affaire.	Appartement parisien, 31 m2, charmant 2 pieces refaits à neuf, comprenant une chambre, un salon avec un canapé lit, et une salle de bain toute équipé. Situé rue Lecourbe, à 2 pas du métro convention ou Boucicaut, proche de la tour Eiffel. Charmant 2 pièces situé  rue Lecourbe.  Plus adapté a 2 personnes, le canapé lit étant peu confortable mais il fait l'affaire. Proche de la porte de Versailles et de la Tour Eiffel. Ligne 8: Boucicaut ou 12: convention.
12143	The sudio is very well located in one of the best neighbohoods in Paris. The appartement is located in relatively high building, with a lift of course ;), so you can enjoy a really nice view of Paris from the balcony.  The building is a calm building with a concierge at the hall all the day. 	This charming studio is located only 5 minutes by walk to the Eiffel Tower and Chams de mars. The neighborhood is perfect for staying in Paris with many bars and restaurants near by The sudio is very well located in one of the best neighbohoods in Paris. The appartement is located in relatively high building, with a lift of course ;), so you can enjoy a really nice view of Paris from the balcony.  The building is a calm building with a concierge at the hall all the day.  It is located right in front of a metro station with 3 principal lines covering almonst every corner of Paris. The location of the appartement makes it really practical for tourists. The neighborhood is a young and familial quartier. 5 min by walk from Eiffel Tower and Champs de mars where you can do picinic and enjoy the sun. There are also many nice bars and restaurants just near the appartement.  Rue du Commerce which is a nice commercial street is just by the building for shopping :)  In addition every sunday there
12144	Logement tout équipé	Chambre dans appart (76m2). Canapé lit du salon peut être utilisé si besoin. Linge fourni, internet. Accès à tout l'appartement (hors chambre enfant). Nous sommes 1 maman, 1 fille (6 ans) et un chaton. Rue piétonne, métro à 7 min à pieds (Porte de Versailles ou Corentin Celton) Logement tout équipé Tout  Malheureusement, je suis très occupée, je ne serais donc que peu présente. Mais disponible pour répondre à toutes les questions. Rue calme mais proximité de tous commerces et transports Métro Corentin Celton/Porte de Versailles (ligne 12) ou tramway T2/T3
12145	A 48m2 flat at 5 minutes of the eiffel tower, so very central, with a lovely terrace . 2 bedrooms , one single bed and One king size bed. A saloon, kitchen, bathroom with a bath.  Sofa -bed is available for one person more	A very charming flat, at the 8th floor (last floor so very calm), at Motte piquet grenelle, in the 15e district , at 5 minutes of the eiffel tower. 48 m2, 2 bedrooms, a terrace with a wonderful view. A 48m2 flat at 5 minutes of the eiffel tower, so very central, with a lovely terrace . 2 bedrooms , one single bed and One king size bed. A saloon, kitchen, bathroom with a bath.  Sofa -bed is available for one person more all access interaction by phone and mail. I will not be there. Very nice district calm and with lots of shops, very close of the eiffel tower and eiffel tower and a very nice market on sunday. By subway with lines 8 or 10 or 6 A very shopkeeper street (rue du commerce), very close of the metro , very practical, close of the seine to have a walk and eiffel tower
12146	Grand studio avec un canapé lit, un lit en mezzanine, un bureau. Calme et lumineux, situé au premier étage,  d'un immeuble ancien. l'appartement a été refait à neuf. La salle de bain est avec une douche, la cuisine a une petite table à manger pour deux personnes. 	Grand studio au premier étage, entièrement refaire à neuf, avec une grande pièce à vivre composé d'un lit en mezzanine, un canapé lit, une cuisine séparée et une salle de bain. Situé à deux pas de la rue du commerce, dans un quartier très parisien. Grand studio avec un canapé lit, un lit en mezzanine, un bureau. Calme et lumineux, situé au premier étage,  d'un immeuble ancien. l'appartement a été refait à neuf. La salle de bain est avec une douche, la cuisine a une petite table à manger pour deux personnes.  L'appartement est idéalement situé à deux pas de la rue du commerce, avec plusieurs métro et bus à proximité. Tout est à disposition dans l'appartement. Je vous accueille moi même à l'appartement. Quartier résidentiel, animée avec ses marchés et ses nombreux commerces, à proximité aussi de la Tour Eiffel et du centre Beaugrenelle, c'est un vrai quartier parisien. Métro commerce ou cambronne sont à deux minutes de l'appartement.
12147		Private Room for two in a 95 Square Meters flat in the 15th District. You will be welcome in this fully equipped apartment (Kitchen, Washing Machine..). You are at 15min walking distance of the Eiffel Tower!!
12148		logement dans un appartement 3 pièces situé rue du commerce métro motte piquet grenelle ligne 6, 8 et 10. chambre privée. Wifi disponible A 15 min de la tour Eiffel à pieds.
12149	Appartement athypique et récemment rénové, dans un quartier très agréable et bien desservi. Situé au fond d'une cours, donc très calme dans ce quartier très vivant! Tour Eiffel, nouveau luxieux centre commercial, charmante rue piétonne (Rue du Commerce), nombreux restaurants, le tout à moins de 10 minutes à pieds.	Appartement athypique et récemment rénové, dans un quartier très agréable et bien desservi. Situé au fond d'une cours, donc très calme dans ce quartier très vivant! Tour Eiffel, nouveau luxieux centre commercial, charmante rue piétonne (Rue du Commerce), nombreux restaurants, le tout à moins de 10 minutes à pieds. Metro 6 (Nation-Etoile) et RER C (direct Versailles) au niveau de l'appartement. Possibilité d'utiliser nos très nombreux équipements sans modération :)  Présence d'un des locataires possible sur demande. Contactable 24/24h ! Disponible pour donner des conseils sur la ville ou les lieus de sortie :) La concierge est également très disponible et sympathique! Quartier très vivant de par la forte affluence touristique pour la Tour Eiffel (mais appartement totalement au calme). Facilités pour les transports. Quartier très sécurisé.  Metro 6, RER C, Bus 72 ou en voiture. Particularité de la localisation de notre appartement: il est très facile d'y trouver des places de libres. Bor
12150		Nice Room in the 15h arrondissement, in a typical Parisian Street Market. 15 min walk from Eiffel Tour, and near 2 metro stations and the RER C. Room in a T3 with loUnge, kitchen, and bathroom shared 3 minutes walk from Métro 10 Charles Michels 5 minutes walk from RER C Javel 5 minutes walk from Métro 8 Boucicaut
12151		"High standing appartment (64 m2) very well located in Paris. Easy access to all tourist attractions (subway Lines 6 - 8 - 10) and 20 minutes walking from Eiffel Tower.  Charming balcony. Feel free to contact me at any time if you have any request about the appartement or places to go and things to do in Paris ! The appartment is located in a safe and central neighborhood.  Access to metro station (you can go wherever you want very easily) : - ligne 10 (Station ""Ségur"" - 2 min walk) - ligne 6 (Station ""Cambronne"" or ""Sèvres-Lecourbe"" - 5 min walk) - ligne 8 (Station ""La Motte-Piquet Grenelle"" - 8 min walk) From Airports (between 10€ and 15€) :  - Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) : (around 45 min) Take RER B to ""Saint-Michel Notre-Dame"" (35 min) Then change and take metro Ligne 10 from ""Cluny La Sorbonne"" to ""Ségur"" (10 min) - Orly Airport : (around 30 min) Take Orly Bus (20 min) to ""Denfert-Rochereau"" Station Then take metro Ligne 6 to ""Sèvres-Lecourbe"" (5 min) Taxi from airports : aroun"
12152		Bienvenu à Paris ! Cet appartement refait a neuf, chaleureux et agréable se situe à 5 min de la Tour Eiffel ! Une chambre lit double, un canapé lit, une grande salle de bain  dun salon avec cuisine américaine et un ascenseur !
12153	Nice sunny apartment in the 15th arrondissement of Paris near the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower (8 min walk) Accessibility: Subway La Motte Picquet Grenelle (line 6,8,10) / Bus  ligne 80,42 Setup and Equipment: 6th floor, WITH elevator. 40 m2, one nice Bedroom with double bed, perfect for a couple, and  a livingroom with a sofa (not fold).  Washing machine, microwave, coffee maker, cooking utensils provided, TV, Internet WIFI connection. Bathroom with a bath. The neighborhood is very lively , with many Shops and supermarket. There is a market every sunday with many craftsmen! The Metro is just down the flat et it's very central for all touristic activities, like the Champs Elysées, the Musée d'Orsay, The Opéra, the Quartier Latin and Notre Dame de Paris, Triumphal arch...etc	sunny Flat  and  central, without noises.  5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and direct by metro to Arc de Triomphe (10 min), the Opéra de Paris (10 min), and Galleries Lafayette (15 min)  Lively evening and Sunday market area! Nice sunny apartment in the 15th arrondissement of Paris near the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower (8 min walk) Accessibility: Subway La Motte Picquet Grenelle (line 6,8,10) / Bus  ligne 80,42 Setup and Equipment: 6th floor, WITH elevator. 40 m2, one nice Bedroom with double bed, perfect for a couple, and  a livingroom with a sofa (not fold).  Washing machine, microwave, coffee maker, cooking utensils provided, TV, Internet WIFI connection. Bathroom with a bath. The neighborhood is very lively , with many Shops and supermarket. There is a market every sunday with many craftsmen! The Metro is just down the flat et it's very central for all touristic activities, like the Champs Elysées, the Musée d'Orsay, The Opéra, the Quartier Latin and Notre Dame de Paris
12154	This is a cosy and comfortable 30 sq meter studio in a central Parisian neighborhood. It is about 20 mins walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and only 2 minutes away from all kind of facilities, such as supermarket, farmers market which takes place every Tuesday,Thursday and Sunday, a bus stop,pharmacies,a gym, and a 3 minutes walk from a park for morning jogging and a metro stop. The studio is located on the 7th floor with 2 lifts available. It has a small corridor, a big nice bathroom with a washing machine, a bath and a shower, a main room with a double bed and a comfortable convertible sofa and a small but fully equipped kitchen with a big fridge. It also has a 7 meters long balcony. The building has central heating which means that there is warm water for everyone and the apartment is heated by central heating radiators.  The studio is located in a safe, residential,central and a very well connected to all touristic locations neighborhood. It is only a 5 mins walk from the metr	Just 20 mins walking distance from the Eiffel  tower, this fully equipped cute studio has a big balcony and a wifi. Situated 10 mins from Montparnasse, and 3 mins away from nice park for jogging. Great and safe neighborhood. Buses and metro nearby. This is a cosy and comfortable 30 sq meter studio in a central Parisian neighborhood. It is about 20 mins walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and only 2 minutes away from all kind of facilities, such as supermarket, farmers market which takes place every Tuesday,Thursday and Sunday, a bus stop,pharmacies,a gym, and a 3 minutes walk from a park for morning jogging and a metro stop. The studio is located on the 7th floor with 2 lifts available. It has a small corridor, a big nice bathroom with a washing machine, a bath and a shower, a main room with a double bed and a comfortable convertible sofa and a small but fully equipped kitchen with a big fridge. It also has a 7 meters long balcony. The building has central heating which means that t
12155	Récemment rénové, l'appartement est tout équipé (wifi, télé, machine à laver, lave vaisselle, four, micro ondes etc...). Le salon dispose de deux canapés, dont un convertible qui pourra aisément accueillir une personne supplémentaire pour la nuit.	Idéalement situé, dans un quartier calme du 15eme, à quelques stations de métro du coeur de Paris (Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Champs Elysées...) et à 10 minutes à pied du Parc des Expositions. Possibilité 2 couchage supplémentaires, sur lit clic-clac. Récemment rénové, l'appartement est tout équipé (wifi, télé, machine à laver, lave vaisselle, four, micro ondes etc...). Le salon dispose de deux canapés, dont un convertible qui pourra aisément accueillir une personne supplémentaire pour la nuit. Nous sommes disponible par téléphone (sms) ou mail. Il n'y a pas de parking privé pour les voitures mais des places sont assez facile à trouver même si l'idéal est d'abandonner son véhicule et de se déplacer en transports, scooter, vélo.. l'accès au logement peut se faire via métro (convention ligne 12 ou boucicaut ligne 8), bus (62), avec 10 minutes de marches RER (javel) ou tram (porte de Versailles ligne 3).
12156	Je serais heureuse de vous voir profiter de mon charmant 2 pièces très lumineux et ensoleillé : exposé plein sud , sans vis à vis : -La chambre est très grande : 22 m2 , elle donne un sentiment de confort grâce à son mobilier ancien et son cadre spacieux  -la pièce à vivre est plus moderne : les quatre  fenètres façon atelier la rende dépaysante , son équipement est simple et permet de s'y sentir très à l'aise : comme chez soi !!!!! - la pièce d'eau : douche et wc n'appelle pas de commentaires , mais pour plus de confort , il y a un lavabo dans un des placards de la chambre .  vous pourrez aller à pied au champs de Mars , sur l'esplanade des invalides ,  vers la tour Eiffel et la seine ; Faire vos courses le jeudi ou le samedi sur le marché pittoresque de l'avenue de Saxe , ou profiter de toutes les brasseries de l'avenue de la Motte Picquet . Vous pourrez faire du shopping  rue du commerce ou encore rejoindre 3 lignes de Métro , ou nombreux bus ,qui vous rapprocherons de tous les lieu	Je serais heureuse de vous voir profiter de mon charmant 2 pièces très lumineux et ensoleillé : exposé plein sud , sans vis à vis : -La chambre est très grande : 22 m2 , elle donne un sentiment de confort grâce à son mobilier ancien et son cadre spacieux  -la pièce à vivre est plus moderne : les quatre  fenètres façon atelier la rende dépaysante , son équipement est simple et permet de s'y sentir très à l'aise : comme chez soi !!!!! - la pièce d'eau : douche et wc n'appelle pas de commentaires , mais pour plus de confort , il y a un lavabo dans un des placards de la chambre .  vous pourrez aller à pied au champs de Mars , sur l'esplanade des invalides ,  vers la tour Eiffel et la seine ; Faire vos courses le jeudi ou le samedi sur le marché pittoresque de l'avenue de Saxe , ou profiter de toutes les brasseries de l'avenue de la Motte Picquet . Vous pourrez faire du shopping  rue du commerce ou encore rejoindre 3 lignes de Métro , ou nombreux bus ,qui vous rapprocherons de tous les lieu
12157	Nice appartement, 60m2 with a balcony. Sheets and towels provided.	Bathing in the sun light, calm and close to any shops, restaurant or famous places you wish to enjoy. Imagine: breakfast on the bacony with a view on Paris roof-tops and the Tour Montparnasse, then falling asleep facing the enlightened Eiffel Tower! Nice appartement, 60m2 with a balcony. Sheets and towels provided. Feel free to ask any advice or tips so that your trips fits your wishes, by email or telephone Nice pard facing the apartment, kids playgrounds, benches and open space to lean on the grass. New shopping center (Beaugrenelle), ten minutes walk away from the flat. Close to deux métro lines (8:Commerce; 12:Vaugirard).
12158	Bienvenue dans cet appartement de 2 pièces, au 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, très calme car situé entre 2 impasses. La chambre comprend 2 lits de 90 cm qui peuvent être accolés pour faire un grand lit de 180cm. Le séjour contient un canapé/lit, il est possible d'y dormir à 2. Vous y trouverez aussi une télévision grand écran, un abonnement télévision par câble (chaînes internationales), un lecteur DVD, un dock radio/Ipod/Iphone (4/5)/CD et une connexion Internet. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, lave-vaisselle, 2 fours, 4 plaques, réfrigérateur et congélateur, machine à cafer, bouilloire électrique, grille-pain, mixeur, cuit-vapeur, autocuiseur... La grande salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire, les WC sont séparés. La terrasse privative de 70m2, éclairée la nuit, vous accueille pour déjeuner et diner (table de 10 personnes), pour prendre l'apéritif lové dans le canapé extérieur ou encore se prélasser au soleil sur les chaises longues. Le linge de lit et les serviettes d	L'appartement 2p est très bien situé, sur impasse, 10 mn de St Germain des Prés, 15mn Opéra, à 2 pas du centre commercial Beaugrenelle (shopping, cinéma 10 salles). Entre 2 balades dans Paris, profitez de la terrasse de 70m2 : farniente et barbecue! Bienvenue dans cet appartement de 2 pièces, au 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, très calme car situé entre 2 impasses. La chambre comprend 2 lits de 90 cm qui peuvent être accolés pour faire un grand lit de 180cm. Le séjour contient un canapé/lit, il est possible d'y dormir à 2. Vous y trouverez aussi une télévision grand écran, un abonnement télévision par câble (chaînes internationales), un lecteur DVD, un dock radio/Ipod/Iphone (4/5)/CD et une connexion Internet. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, lave-vaisselle, 2 fours, 4 plaques, réfrigérateur et congélateur, machine à cafer, bouilloire électrique, grille-pain, mixeur, cuit-vapeur, autocuiseur... La grande salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire, les WC sont séparés. La terras
12159	Feel at home in this cosy 50m2 Flat situated in Paris 15th, very safe and nice area, near Montparnasse & Porte de versailles, very well situated (metro Convention line 12, metro Pasteur line 6) 10 mns walk to the tramway, bus line 88 & 95 down the street. Restaurants, shops, supermarket, cinema at walking distance. One bedroom, a living room + TV with a convertible for 2 persons, kitchen fully equiped (you can cook your own and use for free all these little things we need to cook (oil, salt, sugar, spices, etc), bathroom, Wireless internet access free. Very sunny appartment.  I will be very pleased to welcome you.  See you !	Feel at home in this cosy 50m2 Flat situated in Paris 15th, very safe and nice area, near Montparnasse & Porte de versailles, very well situated (metro Convention line 12, metro Pasteur line 6) 10 mns walk to the tramway, bus line 88 & 95 down the street. Restaurants, shops, supermarket, cinema at walking distance. One bedroom, a living room + TV with a convertible for 2 persons, kitchen fully equiped (you can cook your own and use for free all these little things we need to cook (oil, salt, sugar, spices, etc), bathroom, Wireless internet access free. Very sunny appartment.  I will be very pleased to welcome you.  See you !
12160	The studio is spacious and has modern and secure elevator entrance with code, guardian, and night security guards. The entrance to the studio is equipped with kitchen (fridge, hob, microwave) separated from the living room. The sofa converts easily into a large double bed.	This lovely bright studio 23m ² in very good condition and well equipped is at the 3rd floor of a modern building in a quiet but alive area close to the exhibition center and 20 minutes from the heart of Paris! The studio is spacious and has modern and secure elevator entrance with code, guardian, and night security guards. The entrance to the studio is equipped with kitchen (fridge, hob, microwave) separated from the living room. The sofa converts easily into a large double bed. Travelers will have access to all the equipment of the apartment (TV, Wifi, kitchen, bathroom), and I provide clean towels and sheets. There is no washing machine, but if longer stay, there are laundromats at 3 minuts by walking. I personally will welcome travelers to present the studio, and if necessary I can also learn about the attractions in Paris, places to see, places to eat and have a drink. Near the Parc des Expositions, the area is alive with shops: supermarkets, grocery stores open 7/7 and to 2am, mo
12161	The apartment is not overlooked and overlooks a square. It is quiet and bright. His style is simple and contemporary. 6 people can live there . There is a day area : kitchen, living room , separate toilet and a sleeping area : bedroom , bathroom and shower room , laundry. It can accommodate travelers with different sleep patterns (children / adults)	"130m2 in a residence located Cambronne metro / La Motte Piquet Quiet and bright, is located on the 6th floor overlooking a square. Comfort. Linen included - Cleaning not included ( 50 euros / week ) - WiFi access - No pets The apartment is not overlooked and overlooks a square. It is quiet and bright. His style is simple and contemporary. 6 people can live there . There is a day area : kitchen, living room , separate toilet and a sleeping area : bedroom , bathroom and shower room , laundry. It can accommodate travelers with different sleep patterns (children / adults) Travelers have access to the entire apartment, electro household included. Closets are available to them for storing suitcases and clothes. A "" traveler's guide "" is available to them bringing together various information : Wifi access , location of the local trash, addresses of restaurants , shops, bars ... in the district to facilitate their daily lives. It is a quiet residential area and airy . It is very accessible, w"
12162	Close to the Eiffel Tower, in a very quiet place, close to any accommodation and a very big park (champs de Mars with playgrounds etc..)	Nice recently refurbished flat in the heart of Paris (Village Suisse), at the cross of three subway stations (La Motte Piquet Grenelle) and close to the Champs de Mars. Quiet but ideally located in an animated district (lost of shops, restaurants ..). Surface:125 sq meters. Bedding for 8 persons Close to the Eiffel Tower, in a very quiet place, close to any accommodation and a very big park (champs de Mars with playgrounds etc..) Downtown Paris, very close to the subway, eiffel tower at walking distance, lot of shops, supermarket, restaurants.., Three subway lines and at least 4 bus line at 3 minutes walking distance
12163		Private room with a big bed in a cosy Apartment in the city center. Very close to main metro and bus stations. Just 15 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and 5 min by metro.       You have access to internet. Meanwhile, you won't have access to the living room because I use it as my room :) I interact a lot with Guests when I am in the apartment, generally after 8pm and on week-ends. I will also give you advice on nice spots in Paris, nice places to go, good plans in Paris ... The lovely thing about the neighborhood is that it's like a little village in the city center of Paris. It's very close to eveything in Paris. You can reach the apartment easily by Metro or Bus. It's very close to metro stations ans bus stations (2min walking distance).
12164	Charming and very quiet 2-room appartment on the 5th floor of an elevator building, viewing a qiuet courtyard, with lots of sun.  Ideally located in a quiet and secure residential area, you will be minutes away from the Eiffel Tower, and some of the most visited landmarks and venues in Paris. The Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars are at your doorstep (a 1-minute walk) and it will take you less than 20 minutes to reach the Champs Elysées. The Trocadéro, the Museum for Modern Art  and « Palais de Tokyo »  or the Quai Branly Museum are all  located within a 10-minute walk. The appartment is conveniently located near subway stations of Bir Hakeim, Dupleix, La Motte-Picquet stations for lines 6, 8 and 10, and by the underground train station for RER C  (Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel) from where you will be directly taken to Versailles or EuroDisney. Transportation by bus offers a better feeling of the citu of love : bus stops for lines 82, 69, 42 and 87 are all within 100meters. Finally, a « V	Charming and very quiet 2-room appartment on the 5th floor of an elevator building, viewing a qiuet courtyard, with lots of sun.  Ideally located in a quiet and secure residential area, you will be minutes away from the Eiffel Tower. Charming and very quiet 2-room appartment on the 5th floor of an elevator building, viewing a qiuet courtyard, with lots of sun.  Ideally located in a quiet and secure residential area, you will be minutes away from the Eiffel Tower, and some of the most visited landmarks and venues in Paris. The Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars are at your doorstep (a 1-minute walk) and it will take you less than 20 minutes to reach the Champs Elysées. The Trocadéro, the Museum for Modern Art  and « Palais de Tokyo »  or the Quai Branly Museum are all  located within a 10-minute walk. The appartment is conveniently located near subway stations of Bir Hakeim, Dupleix, La Motte-Picquet stations for lines 6, 8 and 10, and by the underground train station for RER C  (Champ 
12165	Charming 2P. 34m² in the heart of Paris 15. Apartment on 2nd floor.  - Living-room with sofa - equipped kitchen (two burner stove, combination microwave, grill & oven, under-the-counter refrigerator/freezer, Toaster, All dishes, cutlery & glasses)  - bathroom with shower and toilets  -The windows are double-glazed  Internet : High speed Internet access, Wi-Fi or (website hidden) : cable with 170 channels. 4 channels in English, and other languages.  The 15th Distric has a small town feeling in the middle of Paris. 7 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower and the Champs de Mars park, 20 minutes from the Invalides.  Transport :  - There are 3 metro lines : Commerce - La motte Picquet - The are also numerous bus lines that stop nearby.  - A big Vélib (bikes) station is 20 meters away.  The apartment is calm and quiet. You will find everything in it and nearby is the wonderfull atmosphere of Paris.	Charming 2P. 34m² in the heart of Paris 15. Apartment on 2nd floor.  - Living-room with sofa - equipped kitchen (two burner stove, combination microwave, grill & oven, under-the-counter refrigerator/freezer, Toaster, All dishes, cutlery & glasses)  - bathroom with shower and toilets  -The windows are double-glazed  Internet : High speed Internet access, Wi-Fi or (website hidden) : cable with 170 channels. 4 channels in English, and other languages.  The 15th Distric has a small town feeling in the middle of Paris. 7 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower and the Champs de Mars park, 20 minutes from the Invalides.  Transport :  - There are 3 metro lines : Commerce - La motte Picquet - The are also numerous bus lines that stop nearby.  - A big Vélib (bikes) station is 20 meters away.  The apartment is calm and quiet. You will find everything in it and nearby is the wonderfull atmosphere of Paris. Metro Commerce, La Motte Picquet Grenelle 1 king size bed
12166		Appartement entièrement refait à neuf, au calme. Vue sur Tour Eiffel. Equipement neuf et design. Au pied du métro et à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel.
12167	You will be at the heart of the 15th district in typical one Parisian apartment with parquet floor, only for you!  A fully-equipped kitchen offers you the possibility of making you small dishes. It contains refrigerator, freezer, oven, coffee machine, flatware, glasses, plates, kitchen utensils, washing machine. In the lounge, you will have recent television as well as Internet in WIFI.  Sheets and towels are included.  The sofa bed of very good quality is transformed into one second.	"Charming flat of 37m², recently renew, in the 2nd floor in a very quiet building. You will be at the heart of the 15th district in typical one Parisian apartment with parquet floor, only for you!  A fully-equipped kitchen offers you the possibility of making you small dishes. It contains refrigerator, freezer, oven, coffee machine, flatware, glasses, plates, kitchen utensils, washing machine. In the lounge, you will have recent television as well as Internet in WIFI.  Sheets and towels are included.  The sofa bed of very good quality is transformed into one second. Quiet and friendly district, with many nice small shops (rue Cambronne et rue Sèvre Lecourbe). Neighborhood are afraid not at all, even for a girl only, no worries. The apartment is surrounded with small supermarkets and with business(trade). The Montparnasse Tower and the Disabled persons are in 25 minutes on foot. The apartment is in 15 minutes on foot of the Train Station Montparnasse, and in 5 minutes of the of subway ""V"
12168	30m² clear flat. Simple flat but really comfortable. One shower. One independant bedroom.	One independant bedroom in a simple flat. Fancy district, near to Eiffel Tower and in front of the subway for an easy acces to city centre and all districts in Paris (10/15 min from Opéra, Champs Elysées, Louvre...). Free : 8th to 30th August 2015 30m² clear flat. Simple flat but really comfortable. One shower. One independant bedroom. Access to the entire flat, towels, washing machine, sheets and blanket. Free highspeed wifi. Not present during the period but will be a pleasure to answer to your questions and give you advice about your journey in Paris (best adresses around to dine, to party or whatever else!) Near to Eiffel Tower (10min walking and Champ de Mars) Fancy district with lot of restaurants, famous shopping area (Rue du Commerce) and taxi station at the bottom of the building. Best advantage : a well localised subway station at the bottom of the building : access to the most famous places of Paris in less than 20 min (Eiffel Tower 10 min walking, Champs Elysees 10 min subw
12169		Enjoy a fully furnished apartment at the top floor (7th)with elevator(42m2)very closed to Parc des Exposition porte de Versailles.Nice view on the eiffel tower!Very closed to restaurant and shop.Perfect place to have a nice time in Paris! Enjoy a fully furnished apartment at the top floor 7th floor, with elevator of a typical french building from 1900: - 1 Living room with flat screen TV, cable, internet and sofa convertible in bed for 2 people - 1 bedroom with 1 very confortable quenn sized double bed  - 1 bathroom with shower  - 1 kitchen with , washing machine, nespresso machine, oven,microwaves.... Every shop you need at 2 min walk maximum: Bakeries, Epiceries, Cafes, Restaurants ... 2 min walk to Parc des Expositions de Versailles 150 meters from the metro station:  8 minutes metro from the Eiffel tower (22 minutes walk), 10 minutes from Place de la Concorde, 12 min from Opéra, 13 min from Galeries Lafayettes, 25 from Gare du Nord. If you have any requestes feel free to contact me
12170	자유	Host stay home,near Eiffel Tower - loft beds,1 double bed,1 sofa  bed  - Separate kitchen, bathroom, W.C - Wifi FREE - Simple French Breakfast * 5 minutes walk from the Metro station.   Ligne 10 Charles Michel or Ligne 6 Bir-Hekeim
12171	Profitez d’un emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris avec ce spacieux appartement de 2 pièces au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, situé dans le Village Suisse, au cœur du 15ème arrondissement. D’une surface de 63 m2, le Suffren s’articule autour d’un spacieux double-living avec le coin salle à manger  avec une grande table et le salon doté d’un canapé convertible pour 2. La cuisine séparée est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. Bénéficiez d'internet en wifi, à noter qu'il n'y a pas de télévision. Reposez-vous en toute quiétude dans le grand lit double de la chambre et profiter d’une ambiance feutrée créée par les lampes de chevets tactiles. Une salle de douche indépendante de type pluie tropicale et des WC séparés complètent ce bien pouvant accueillir en tout confort 4 personnes. 	Profitez d’un emplacement idéal pour découvrir à 4 Paris avec ce spacieux appartement de 2 pièces au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, situé dans le Village Suisse, au cœur du 15ème arrondissement. Profitez d’un emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris avec ce spacieux appartement de 2 pièces au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, situé dans le Village Suisse, au cœur du 15ème arrondissement. D’une surface de 63 m2, le Suffren s’articule autour d’un spacieux double-living avec le coin salle à manger  avec une grande table et le salon doté d’un canapé convertible pour 2. La cuisine séparée est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. Bénéficiez d'internet en wifi, à noter qu'il n'y a pas de télévision. Reposez-vous en toute quiétude dans le grand lit double de la chambre et profiter d’une ambiance feutrée créée par les lampes de chevets tactiles. Une salle de douche indépendante de type pluie tropicale et des WC séparés complètent ce bien pouvant accueillir en tout confort 4 personnes. Séjourne
12172	Beautiful 3-room apartment, located on the 2nd floor with all the necessary amenities for a pleasant stay. private room with tv and wifi, a dining room to enjoy a meal with friends or family, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower and a washing machine. We also provide you with: WiFi, TV, coffee maker and tea maker, linen, towels and shower accessories.	Beautiful 3-room apartment, located on the 2nd floor with all the necessary amenities for a pleasant stay. private room with tv and wifi, a dining room to enjoy a meal with friends or family, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower and a washing machine. We also provide you with: WiFi, TV, coffee maker and tea maker, linen, towels and shower accessories. We will be very happy to provide guidance on how to reach the apartment upon your arrival, and to provide advice on places to visits, eat or party! The apartment is very well located, close to the Gare Montparnasse near lovely coffees, restaurants and shops. Near the Gare Montparnasse many subway stations: Line 4 / Montrouge - Porte de Clignancourt: Direct to Saint Sulpice, Saint Germain des Pres, Odeon, Ile de la Cité, Chatelet, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord. Line 6 / Nation - Charles de Gaulle Etoile: Direct to Trocadero, Charles de Gaulle Etoile (Arc de Triomphe), Saint Jacques (Jardin des Plantes, Paris Mosque and bathr
12173	Grand deux pièces composé d'une chambre double, salle de bain avec baignoire, grande cuisine et un salon - salle à manger.  Proche Tour Eiffel et Saint Germain des Prés. Commerces et marché de Saxe à proximité.	Très grand deux pièces composé d'une chambre double, salle de bain avec baignoire, grande cuisine et un salon - salle à manger.  Proche Tour Eiffel et Saint Germain des Prés. Grand deux pièces composé d'une chambre double, salle de bain avec baignoire, grande cuisine et un salon - salle à manger.  Proche Tour Eiffel et Saint Germain des Prés. Commerces et marché de Saxe à proximité. Accès au logement entier. Métro : Duroc - Ligne 10 & ligne 13 / Sèvres Lecourbe - Ligne 6 / + à 10 min à pieds Ecole Militaire - ligne 8
12174	Dear traveler,   You are searching for a cosy place in center of Paris? Alone or with a friend? Julien & Zorica will be glad to open for you the doors of their « Maridor Manor” as we call it!  We will provide you 1 big room with 1 king-size bed, very confortable and “zen” ! Typical Hausmanien style!  There is also a big bathroom, fited with washing machine and a bathtub. Towels included. Small, but very cosy kitchen. There is everything you need: coffee, tea provided! Living room has a big TV, internet and is also a dining room.   The neighbourhood is very calm and chic, two minutes walk from the metro Boucicaut, ligne 8 who will take you in only 3 stations to the Eiffel Tower, then to the Place de la Concorde, Opera Garnier, Grands Boulevards etc. There is also  a great streat 5 min walk from the appartment, rue du Commerce, which is plenty of shops, bars and very “frenchy” restaurants ! The train station Montparnasse and Gare de Lyon are 20 min from the appartment.   Do not hesitate 	Come and discover this vary charming Parisian appartment where you will quickly feel yourself as at home ! Dear traveler,   You are searching for a cosy place in center of Paris? Alone or with a friend? Julien & Zorica will be glad to open for you the doors of their « Maridor Manor” as we call it!  We will provide you 1 big room with 1 king-size bed, very confortable and “zen” ! Typical Hausmanien style!  There is also a big bathroom, fited with washing machine and a bathtub. Towels included. Small, but very cosy kitchen. There is everything you need: coffee, tea provided! Living room has a big TV, internet and is also a dining room.   The neighbourhood is very calm and chic, two minutes walk from the metro Boucicaut, ligne 8 who will take you in only 3 stations to the Eiffel Tower, then to the Place de la Concorde, Opera Garnier, Grands Boulevards etc. There is also  a great streat 5 min walk from the appartment, rue du Commerce, which is plenty of shops, bars and very “frenchy” resta
12175		Notre appartement est situé au coeur du 15ème arrondissement de Paris, dans un quartier très vivant où il faut bon vivre. A quelques pas du métro de la ligne 12, vous rejoindrez en quelques minutes les sites les plus beaux de la ville. 
12176	The Apartment : The apartment is ideally located, in a charming and typically parisian ancient building, on the third floor of a very quiet and peaceful condominium. Theres a bike parking lot on the ground floor available for you, if you ever need it during your stay. Bathroom : The apartment includes a functional bathroom with a shower cabin and toilets. Clean towels will be provided. First Bedroom : The first bedroom has two single bed (one regular bed + one pull out bed) with high standard quality matresses : clean sheets will be provided. There’s also a piano in this bedroom. Kitchen : The kitchen is fully equiped : small fridge where you will be provided with basic food supplies (milk, butter, water bottle) ; you will also have the possibility of using the micro-wave / oven (double function) ; the ceramic hotplates, the boiler, the coffee machine. There’s also a washing machine you can use if you need to. Main Room / Second bedroom : The main room (used as a second bedroom or a li	Charming 1bdr appt for 4,40m2, in the heart of a familial well attended neighborhood in the middle of one of the most typical shopping streets in Paris “rue du commerce”, a few minute walk  from Eiffel Tower and close to3 different metro lines 6,8,10 The Apartment : The apartment is ideally located, in a charming and typically parisian ancient building, on the third floor of a very quiet and peaceful condominium. Theres a bike parking lot on the ground floor available for you, if you ever need it during your stay. Bathroom : The apartment includes a functional bathroom with a shower cabin and toilets. Clean towels will be provided. First Bedroom : The first bedroom has two single bed (one regular bed + one pull out bed) with high standard quality matresses : clean sheets will be provided. There’s also a piano in this bedroom. Kitchen : The kitchen is fully equiped : small fridge where you will be provided with basic food supplies (milk, butter, water bottle) ; you will also have the po
12177	Very charming 2 rooms flat (25m2) – perfect for a couple loving Parisian charms - 10 min from Eiffel Tower.  Localization:  -10 min walk from Eiffel tower in a quiet street but very lively quarter full of shops, bakery and restaurants & near “Rue du Commerce”. Close to 4 metro stations! :6,10, 8, & 12 => you can go in most touristic sites straightaway. Also very close to RER C heading to Versailles.   Living room : Large retractable table, 3 people-sited sofa, armchair,soundsystem et fully furnished kitchen (oven/fridge/hot plate/cuttelery/basic groceries) Bedroom : double bed, large closet & bookshelves. Many storage units.  Bathroom : shower, WC,sink The flat is located at the sixth floor without lift but stairs are easy to climb up  and it is very bright.  The building is very secured (digital code, caretaker) and you are never annoyed by neighborhood noise 	Very charming 2 rooms flat (25m2) – perfect for a couple loving Parisian charms - 10 min from Eiffel Tower.  Localization:  -10 min walk from Eiffel tower in a quiet street but very lively quarter full of shops, bakery and restaurants & near “Rue du Commerce”. Close to 4 metro stations! :6,10, 8, & 12 => you can go in most touristic sites straightaway. Also very close to RER C heading to Versailles.   Living room : Large retractable table, 3 people-sited sofa, armchair,soundsystem et fully furnished kitchen (oven/fridge/hot plate/cuttelery/basic groceries) Bedroom : double bed, large closet & bookshelves. Many storage units.  Bathroom : shower, WC,sink The flat is located at the sixth floor without lift but stairs are easy to climb up  and it is very bright.  The building is very secured (digital code, caretaker) and you are never annoyed by neighborhood noise 
12178	This charming flat is spacious (60 square meter), comfortable, sunny and clean.  Located on the first floor (with elevator) of a classic style totally renovated Haussmanian building from the 19th, it sleeps up to 4 people in two cosy bedrooms with high ceilings,mouldings and chimneys.  The two bedrooms are spacious (respectively 14m2 and 15m2), sunny and well decorated. They both have tv and queen size bed. The living room is nicely decorated and has a sofa, a table for 4 people where you can enjoy your meals and a minibar (feel free to help yourself! :) ) The bedroom is clean and has a bathtube where you can relax after your your long walks throughout Paris.	Charming 60 square meter flat in a safe and lively area, in the 15th, near Cambronne.  Two large and sunny bedrooms, a cosy living room and a fully-equipped kitchen in a luxury old-style from the 19th century. This charming flat is spacious (60 square meter), comfortable, sunny and clean.  Located on the first floor (with elevator) of a classic style totally renovated Haussmanian building from the 19th, it sleeps up to 4 people in two cosy bedrooms with high ceilings,mouldings and chimneys.  The two bedrooms are spacious (respectively 14m2 and 15m2), sunny and well decorated. They both have tv and queen size bed. The living room is nicely decorated and has a sofa, a table for 4 people where you can enjoy your meals and a minibar (feel free to help yourself! :) ) The bedroom is clean and has a bathtube where you can relax after your your long walks throughout Paris. Guests have access to all the flat and all equipments (wifi, tv, speakers, iron, minibar...). Enjoy and feel at home! I wi
12179	Welcome to Paris ! Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, my charming apartment is less than 10min from the Eiffel Tower.  It consists of a main room which contains a double sofa-bed, a large desk, a TV, a fully equiped and functional kitchen and bathroom This is a very sunny and charming place.  	This big studio is fully equiped and very cosy ! It is close from every shops and restaurants and near the metro. Welcome to Paris ! Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, my charming apartment is less than 10min from the Eiffel Tower.  It consists of a main room which contains a double sofa-bed, a large desk, a TV, a fully equiped and functional kitchen and bathroom This is a very sunny and charming place.  I'll be happy to give directions and advices on what to do and what to see !  Just next to a nice shopping street and a brand new mall (shops; restaurants; movie theaters)  And of course, 5 min from the river and 10 min from the Eiffel Tower A block from subways and bus stops  Metro lignes : Charles Michel (Metro 10) and Javel-Andre Citroen (RER C), Felix Faure (Metro 8) Bus 62 and 42 (Saint Charles)
12180	Charmant T2 avec son balcon pour des petits déjeuners en amoureux. Il se situe dans le XVeme arrondissement entre la station Javel et Boucicaut (ligne 8 et 10). Un bus à l'angle de la rue vous amène en 5 minutes à la tour Eiffel ou 15 minutes aux champs Elysées. T2 (30m²) : - chambre ( avec grand lit) - salon (TV) - kitchenette (machine à lave le linge, plaques électrique, frigidaire) - balcon plein sud ( table pour manger dehors ou prendre son petit déjeuner) 	Un appart très lumineux proche de la Seine et de la tour Eiffel! Charmant T2 avec son balcon pour des petits déjeuners en amoureux. Il se situe dans le XVeme arrondissement entre la station Javel et Boucicaut (ligne 8 et 10). Un bus à l'angle de la rue vous amène en 5 minutes à la tour Eiffel ou 15 minutes aux champs Elysées. T2 (30m²) : - chambre ( avec grand lit) - salon (TV) - kitchenette (machine à lave le linge, plaques électrique, frigidaire) - balcon plein sud ( table pour manger dehors ou prendre son petit déjeuner) Quartiers avec plein de commerces alimentaires et des nombreuses boutiques dans le centre commercial Beaugrenelle. 5 min du métro Charles Michel (ligne 10) 7 min du métro Boucicaut (ligne 8)
12181	"Close to the "" parc des expositions"", the appartment is perfect if you are coming to Paris for a fshow or an exhibition. It is close to the line #12 of the french subway and to the line #2 and #3 of the cable car ( tramway in french). It is also not far away from the eiffel tower, Montparnasse and all famous touristic places."	"Close to the "" parc des expositions"", the appartment is perfect if you are coming to Paris for a fshow or an exhibition. It is close to the line #12 of the french subway and to the line #2 and #3 of the cable car ( tramway in french). It is also not far away from the eiffel tower, Montparnasse and all famous touristic places."
12182	A calm and sunny double room with en-suite shower in a large flat in the centre of Paris. You'll have your own shower  and tap, and have access to the toilets in the entrance. You are also very welcome to use our fully equipped kitchen, and there is a lovely café downstairs. 	Calm and sunny double room with en-suite private shower and tap in a 110 m2 flat in the centre of Paris, 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. You'll have access to the flat's well-equipped kitchen, toilets, and wifi. A calm and sunny double room with en-suite shower in a large flat in the centre of Paris. You'll have your own shower  and tap, and have access to the toilets in the entrance. You are also very welcome to use our fully equipped kitchen, and there is a lovely café downstairs. We are on the 2nd floor, with lift. My wife and I will be more than happy to offer any help and advice throughout your stay! We'll do our best to welcome you in person, but you can always reach us on our mobile and emails when we're back home in the countryside. The 15th arrondissement is a very safe, residential neighbourhood.  We are of course very close to the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Champs de Mars and Ecole Militaire, as well as literally opposite the Unesco building. The nearby Rue du Commerce 
12183		Deux chambres séparées dans une maison Parisienne, nous habitons le logement dans d'autres chambre. Nous proposons une chambre parentale avec un lit double et une chambre avec 2 lits simples. Nous sommes situés à quelques minutes de la Tour Eiffel.
12184	Newly remodelled gallery style studio apartment with an amazing private and sunny balcony in central Paris. Great street for couples or families with everything you need to experience Paris in walking distance.	Overlooking a lively Parisian street 15 minutes from Eiffel Tower. Lush private balcony, modern kitchen & bathroom, 2 new beds. Perfect for couples or small families. Cafe below, bakery, fruit and veg market, cheese shop and lots of boutiques nearby. Newly remodelled gallery style studio apartment with an amazing private and sunny balcony in central Paris. Great street for couples or families with everything you need to experience Paris in walking distance. Walking distance to Eiffel Tower, Modern art, fashion and military museum. 3 metro lines nearby (8,6,10). I have been using airbnb since the beginning and love staying in flats where I can meet and share advice with hosts. I will be nearby if you need any advice on getting around Paris, what to see, where to eat or if you have any problems with the apartment. Very safe neighbourhood with lots of shopping, cafes and parks. Great for people who love to cook and many delicious and typically French restaurants. Apartment is on metro lin
12185	Spacieux appartement de deux pièces de 34m². Lumineux, situé dans un quartier calme et à proximité de tous commerces logé au premier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble de standing haussmanien. Il se compose d'un grand séjour, d'une chambre avec rangements, d'une cuisine toute équipée , d'une salle d'eau et de WC séparés. Appartement en excellent état. Surface spacieuse du Séjour: 20m², deux doubles fenêtres avec double vitrage. Station de métro les plus proches: Convention ou Porte de Versailles. Ligne 12.  Bus 39 (gare du nord) et 80 (Paris 18ème)	2 Pièces de 34m²,  Lumineux situé dans un quartier calme et proche de tous commerces. 1er étage avec ascenseur. Linge de toilette inclus 5 Minutes à pied du Parc des Expositions de Porte de Versailles. Métro:Porte de Versailles ou Convention Spacieux appartement de deux pièces de 34m². Lumineux, situé dans un quartier calme et à proximité de tous commerces logé au premier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble de standing haussmanien. Il se compose d'un grand séjour, d'une chambre avec rangements, d'une cuisine toute équipée , d'une salle d'eau et de WC séparés. Appartement en excellent état. Surface spacieuse du Séjour: 20m², deux doubles fenêtres avec double vitrage. Station de métro les plus proches: Convention ou Porte de Versailles. Ligne 12.  Bus 39 (gare du nord) et 80 (Paris 18ème) Pharmacie, tabac, presse, fromagerie, Franprix, pressing, restaurants: tout à moins de 3 minutes à pied. Métro Porte de Versailles ou Convention
12186	Ce charmant studio tout équipé se situe au 7 ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble haussmannien récemment rénové dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris. Extrêmement bien placé, vous trouverez en bas de l'immeuble une grande rue commerçante typiquement parisienne avec : boutiques, boulangeries, boucheries, charcuteries, des pharmacies, des supermarchés ( Franprix, Bio c’ bon, Carrefour...), une laverie, des brasseries, des bars, et des épiceries ouvertes jusqu’à 1h du matin.  Au sein de l'appartement, une télévision écran plat sera à votre disposition et vous aurez accès à une excellente connexion internet wifi (la fibre). Un coin rangement et une penderie vous seront réservés.  	Ce charmant studio tout équipé se situe au 7 ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble haussmannien récemment rénové dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris. Extrêmement bien placé, vous trouverez en bas de l'immeuble une grande rue commerçante typiquement parisienne avec : boutiques, boulangeries, boucheries, charcuteries, des pharmacies, des supermarchés ( Franprix, Bio c’ bon, Carrefour...), une laverie, des brasseries, des bars, et des épiceries ouvertes jusqu’à 1h du matin.  Au sein de l'appartement, une télévision écran plat sera à votre disposition et vous aurez accès à une excellente connexion internet wifi (la fibre). Un coin rangement et une penderie vous seront réservés.  Vous aurez à votre disposition :  - Micro ondes - 2 plaques de cuisson - Réfrigérateur et freezeur - Cafetière - Vaisselle - Aspirateur - Douche - Sèche cheveux - Les toilettes se situent à l’extérieur sur le palier, juste devant l’entrée  - Les draps et linges de lit sont fournis Je serai disponible si vous 
12187	Located in the heart of Paris, you are ideally situated to enjoy the city. You enjoyall  the apartment, the separate kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom has a large shower, toilet and sink.	"Nice studio. Surrounded by private gardens. 2 steps from the Champs de mars; Eiffel Tower; Trocadéro.... Perfect to enjoy and relax.  Located in the heart of Paris, you are ideally situated to enjoy the city. You enjoyall  the apartment, the separate kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom has a large shower, toilet and sink. Very easy access. Boasting excellent transport links, both to and from the airport and to travel around Paris You can join me 24/24 7/7 The neighborhood is rich in entertainment. To eat and or drinking, I like the bistro ""le Dernier Metro"", the ""primrose"" and bistros of Rue Cler ... To change of French food, the ""grissini"" is a good restaurant Italian avenue Rapp .... the ""rue du Commerce"" is good named and ""rue lourmel"" offers  many delicatessens. Next, the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero are not far, but also the Quai Branly Museum, and  its green wall and garden. And if you continue along the Seine, you arrive at the bridge Alexandre 3 face invalides ... Place d"
12188		Deux pièces (35 m2) avec poutres apparentes, moderne et plein de charme. Situé dans un quartier commerçant entre la Tour Eiffel et Montparnasse. Très bien desservi avec 4 lignes de métro différentes à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Cuisine américaine, salle de bains avec baignoire, chambre spacieuse
12189	Charmant appartement dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris Son atout ? Une splendide vue sur la Tour Eiffel et sur toute la capitale !  En couple, préparez-vous un dîner romantique en contemplant Paris by night. Equipé de la TV et internet wifi Salle de bain avec baignoire, cuisine  fonctionnelle avec réfrigérateur, four et machine à laver et autre petits équipements. Le canapé-lit  a été remplacé par un vrai lit.  Le matelas est nouveau  et confortable. A 1min du métro Vaugirard (ligne 12), l'appartement est à proximité des principaux commerces :  super-marché, boulangerie, cinéma, parc, bars, restaurants, fast-food, etc.   Pas loin du quartier de Montparnasse et de la motte-picquet Grenelle (près du Champs de Mars). La Tour Eiffel est à 20 min à pied. Les bus 70,80,39 ou encore 88 vous emmèneront dans les plus beaux quartiers de la ville ( bus directs vers la Tour Eiffel, Saint-Germain des Prés, Louvre Rivoli, Hôtel de Ville,etc). Quartier sécurisé (en face de l'hotêl de police). Gui	Charmant studio dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. Son atout ? Une splendide vue sur la Tour Eiffel et sur toute la capitale !  En couple, préparez-vous un dîner romantique en contemplant Paris by night. Equipé de la TV et internet wifi Salle de bain avec baignoire, cuisine  fonctionnelle avec réfrigérateur, four et machine à laver et autre petits équipements.Canapé-lit pour un couchage quotidien avec un bon matelas. A 1min du métro Vaugirard (ligne 12), l'appartement est à proximité des principaux commerces :  super-marché, boulangerie, cinéma, parc, bars, restaurants, fast-food, etc.   Pas loin du quartier de Montparnasse et de la motte-picquet Grenelle (près du Champs de Mars). La Tour Eiffel est à 15 min à pied. Les bus 70,80,39 ou encore 88 vous emmèneront dans les plus beaux quartiers de la ville ( bus directs vers la Tour Eiffel, Saint-Germain des Prés, Louvre Rivoli, Hôtel de Ville, Le Marais,etc). Quartier sécurisé (en face de l'hotêl de police). Guide du quartier : https:
12190	Ideally located 5-min walk from the Eiffel Tower, my appartment is perfect for family or a group of friends who wants to visit Paris! Well served with many metro & buses lines you will enjoy the immediate proximity with many sightseeing sites :) This ground floor appartment is perfect for family with children or group of friends who wants to visit Paris! Its huge and cosy living room can welcome as much as 6 persons (big table with chairs, 3 sofas (included 1 sofa-bed)! The renting includes the full access to my cosy appartment with its confortable living-room & open fully equiped kitchen, 1 bedroom with double bed, 1 design bathroom with walk-in shower + dressingroom! The car park can be asked and will be in addition. An appointment with you will be arranged at the time of your arrival! Jean-Marie or myself will be available to show you around and make sure you have everything you need to enjoy your stay in Paris :) This lively neighborhood is 5 min-walks from the Eiffel Tower and La 	En plein centre de Paris à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, charmant appartement de 56m² rdc avec vue sur cour lumineuse. Quartier animé proche tous commerces  (restaurants, cafés) et très bien déservi (métro lignes 6, 4 et RER C) et nbreux bus. Ideally located 5-min walk from the Eiffel Tower, my appartment is perfect for family or a group of friends who wants to visit Paris! Well served with many metro & buses lines you will enjoy the immediate proximity with many sightseeing sites :) This ground floor appartment is perfect for family with children or group of friends who wants to visit Paris! Its huge and cosy living room can welcome as much as 6 persons (big table with chairs, 3 sofas (included 1 sofa-bed)! The renting includes the full access to my cosy appartment with its confortable living-room & open fully equiped kitchen, 1 bedroom with double bed, 1 design bathroom with walk-in shower + dressingroom! The car park can be asked and will be in addition. An appointment with you wi
12191	Quartier chic et calme dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris au niveau du pont Mirabeau. A 2 pas de la tour Eiffel. 2-3 pièces de 54m². Très calme, sans aucun bruit. Appartement vraiment agréable.  Appartement très clair et lumineux grâce à ses grandes fenêtres.  - Double salon/salle à manger (qui peut servir de chambre avec une énorme banquette très confortable de 3m de long et 1 mètre de large sur laquelle 2 personnes peuvent dormir), Porte-fenêtre dans le salon donnant sur un balcon avec petite table et chaises.  - 1 chambre lit 2 places avec vue sur l'Eglise Saint Christophe de Javenne (sans aucun vis à vis),  - 1 cuisine équipée : 4 plaques, un four à chaleur tournante, frigo avec congélateur, hôte aspirante, cafetière Nespresso (vous aurez d'ailleurs du café et du thé à disposition), bouilloire... - 1 Salle de douche neuve avec toilettes.  Déco type scandinave/nature. Internet Etage élévé, 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Vue sur la Tour Eiffel, quais de Seine sont parfaits pour de pet	Quartier chic et calme dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris au niveau du pont Mirabeau. A 2 pas de la tour Eiffel. 2-3 pièces de 54m². Très calme, sans aucun bruit. Appartement vraiment agréable.  Appartement très clair et lumineux grâce à ses grandes fenêtres.  - Double salon/salle à manger (qui peut servir de chambre avec une énorme banquette très confortable de 3m de long et 1 mètre de large sur laquelle 2 personnes peuvent dormir), Porte-fenêtre dans le salon donnant sur un balcon avec petite table et chaises.  - 1 chambre lit 2 places avec vue sur l'Eglise Saint Christophe de Javenne (sans aucun vis à vis),  - 1 cuisine équipée : 4 plaques, un four à chaleur tournante, frigo avec congélateur, hôte aspirante, cafetière Nespresso (vous aurez d'ailleurs du café et du thé à disposition), bouilloire... - 1 Salle de douche neuve avec toilettes.  Déco type scandinave/nature. Internet Etage élévé, 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Vue sur la Tour Eiffel, quais de Seine sont parfaits pour de pet
12192		Appartement lumineux et fonctionnel de 58m2 au 5è étage avec ascenseur dans une résidence calme et avec gardien. Grande pièce à vivre, idéal pour une famille avec 2/3 jeunes enfants (lits superposés et lit à barreaux) Accès à un local poussettes sur demande. Quartier calme proche de tous commerces (supermarché, boulangerie, boucherie, presse, épicerie ouverte jusqu'à minuit...) A 10 minutes à pied du quartier commerçant de Convention et de la porte de Versailles (Parc des expositions et palais des sports) Logement proche du métro Lourmel (ligne 8) Porte de Versailles (ligne 12) et du tramway (l3) Accès au centre de Paris en 30 minutes maximum. Tour Eiffel à 5 stations de métro, accessible en 15 minutes.
12193		Located between Beaugrenelle known for its commercial animation and the Eiffel Tower for its restaurants , apartment carefully decorated, functional and elegant, open loft, living room with sofa, window on quiet street. Entre Beaugrenelle connu pour son animation commerciale  et la Tour Eiffel pour ses restaurants, appartement décoré avec soin, fonctionnel et élégant, mezzanine ouverte, salon avec canapé, fenêtre sur rue tranquille
12194	Très lumineux et très calme avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. 7 eme étage avec ascenseur. 2 pièces avec 1 canapé lit 2 places dans le salon, très confortable. 1 chambre avec 1 lit simple pour 1 personne, un coin bureau et 1 grande tv, dvd...Internet, wi fi. Salle de bains avec 1 baignoire et wc. Cuisine avec frigidaire, congélateur, gazinière, plaques à induction, four, micro ondes, bouilloire et grille pain.  Proche de tous commerces. Le quartier est très vivant, 3 jours de grand marché par semaine au pied de la rue.L'appartement est très lumineux et vous passerez un agréable moment dans une décoration chaleureuse. Chauffage central, l'appartement est très bien chauffé.  A quatre stations de métro de la Tour Montparnasse, à 10mn des Invalides et de la Porte de Versailles, vous êtes idéalement placés pour visiter le centre de Paris et profiter du parc d'exposition Porte de Versailles. 5 mn a pied.  Le Château de Versailles est à 18 km en voiture, le périphérique se prend à 10 mn en voiture.	Très lumineux et très calme avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. 7 eme étage avec ascenseur. 2 pièces avec 1 canapé lit 2 places dans le salon, très confortable. 1 chambre avec 1 lit simple pour 1 personne, un coin bureau et 1 grande tv, dvd...Internet, wi fi. Salle de bains avec 1 baignoire et wc. Cuisine avec frigidaire, congélateur, gazinière, plaques à induction, four, micro ondes, bouilloire et grille pain.  Proche de tous commerces. Le quartier est très vivant, 3 jours de grand marché par semaine au pied de la rue.L'appartement est très lumineux et vous passerez un agréable moment dans une décoration chaleureuse. Chauffage central, l'appartement est très bien chauffé.  A quatre stations de métro de la Tour Montparnasse, à 10mn des Invalides et de la Porte de Versailles, vous êtes idéalement placés pour visiter le centre de Paris et profiter du parc d'exposition Porte de Versailles. 5 mn a pied.  Le Château de Versailles est à 18 km en voiture, le périphérique se prend à 10 mn en voiture.
12195	Logement calme donnant sur jardin exposé plein sud.	Deux pièces accueillant,  calme et lumineux donnant sur jardin à proximité du métro Convention, proche du parc des expositions et de la gare Montparnasse. Logement calme donnant sur jardin exposé plein sud. Appartement non fumeur Animaux non acceptés Une personne sera présente le jour de l arrivée et du départ Quartier vivant, cafés,  restaurant, jardins, commerces. Marche le mardi, jeudi et dimanche le matin Metro Convention ligne 12 direction Mairie d Issy. Bus 39 (Gare de l Est et Gare du Nord) Bus 62 Bus 80 ( Porte de Versailles et Gare St Lazare, Montmartre) Chambre-bureau équipée d un lit mezzanine mécanique.
12196	- Lumineux - Chaleureux - Décoré 	Furnished and comfortable studio 20m2 in the 15th arrondissement of Paris.  Functional and next to the subway station Porte de Vanves Metro (line 13), so very convenient to visit Paris according to your desires!  Welcome to my home!  Cécile
12197		       A beautiful and new apartment in Paris 15th (porte de versailles) near le parc des expositions. 2 rooms - 2 bathrooms - a kitchen - a salon - wc. All equipped.
12198	Appartement chaleureux, qui bénéficie d'un jardin en bas de l'immeuble. Accommodation description: cosy apartment, with  a garden in front of the building.	Appartement chaleureux, qui bénéficie d'un jardin en bas de l'immeuble. Accommodation description: cosy apartment, with  a garden in front of the building. Accès voyageurs : Appartement entier  Accès WIFI  Lave linge Draps inclus, serviettes The whole flat will be available WIFI Towels are available  Washing machine. Échanges avec voyageurs : je serais là pour vous accueillir, et joignable en cas de questions au sujet de l'appartement     Exchanges With travelers : I would be there to welcome you, and reachable in case of questions regarding the flat  Le quartier :  Quartier atypique de paris , a proximité se trouvent une sélection de bons restaurants et de bars. Calme et charmant . Small description of the area: The flat is near a selection of good restaurants and bars. The area is quiet and charming. Métro ligne 12 : Convention Métro ligne 13 : Plaisance Tramway  T3 : arrêt Brancion  Bus : 62, 89, 95  arrêt : Brancion Vouillé 
12199	500m de la tour Eiffel, 200m du métro La Motte Picquet Grenelle (ligne 6, 8, 10), 50m du supermarché, de nombreux commerces et restaurants dans le quartier. L'appartement 35m2 est situé dans une rue très calme, au 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. Il est composé d'une entrée, d'un salon avec un canapé-lit King Size, une chambre séparée mais ouverte vers le salon (sans porte) avec un lit King Size, une cuisine ouverte et une salle de bain avec douche et WC. Internet fibre, TV, cuisine parfaitement équipée, lave linge. 500m away from the Eiffel Tower, 200m from Champ de Mars, 200m from the metro La Motte Picquet Grenelle, 50m from supermarkets and shops, restaurants. The 35m2 flat is on the 3rd floor, with no lift, in very quiet street. One living room with double bed, one separate bedroom with double bed, open to the living room (no door), one bathroom and one kitchen well-equipped. Internet, TV, combo washer dryer.	Deux-pièces à 500m de la tour Eiffel et 200m du métro La Motte Picquet Grenelle (ligne 6,8,10). Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Beautiful flat with one living room, one bedroom. 500m away from the Eiffel Tower, 200m from Champ de Mars and 200m from the central metro. 500m de la tour Eiffel, 200m du métro La Motte Picquet Grenelle (ligne 6, 8, 10), 50m du supermarché, de nombreux commerces et restaurants dans le quartier. L'appartement 35m2 est situé dans une rue très calme, au 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. Il est composé d'une entrée, d'un salon avec un canapé-lit King Size, une chambre séparée mais ouverte vers le salon (sans porte) avec un lit King Size, une cuisine ouverte et une salle de bain avec douche et WC. Internet fibre, TV, cuisine parfaitement équipée, lave linge. 500m away from the Eiffel Tower, 200m from Champ de Mars, 200m from the metro La Motte Picquet Grenelle, 50m from supermarkets and shops, restaurants. The 35m2 flat is on the 3rd floor, with no lift, in very quiet 
12200	L’appartement est bien agencé et fonctionnel, vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous !  Il dispose de tout le nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour : TV, Internet, nécessaire de cuisine, aliments de base (sucre, sel, huile…) Au calme au fond d'une cour, vous ne serez pas dérangé par les voisins ou les bruits environnants 	Appartement 2 pièces -  très fonctionnel Situé à l'angle de la rue du commerce avec ses nombreux magasins et restaurants.  A 10 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel  A 3 minutes à pieds du métro La Motte Piquet Grenelle (ligne 10, 8 et 6) L’appartement est bien agencé et fonctionnel, vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous !  Il dispose de tout le nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour : TV, Internet, nécessaire de cuisine, aliments de base (sucre, sel, huile…) Au calme au fond d'une cour, vous ne serez pas dérangé par les voisins ou les bruits environnants Des serviettes de toilettes sont à votre disposition en plus de tout le nécessaire de base Je suis disponible pour toutes vos questions par mail et sms L’appartement est situé dans la Rue du commerce qui est une rue très vivante avec des boutiques, des restaurants (Le Café du Commerce très réputé se situe à 30m en sortant de l’appartement), des cafés.  Vous êtes à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Trocadéro. Les lignes 6, 8 et 10 du
12201		Bright and cozy flat of 38 m2, separate bedroom, kitchen and bathroom, near la Motte-Picquet Grenelle and la rue du Commerce. Very convenient, close to public transports and shops. Perfect for an escape to Paris. Près des métros de la ligne 8 et 10
12202	Rez de chaussée sur élevé avec vue sur Tour Effeil ,5mn à pied du champs de mars et des bords de seine .	Rez de chaussée sur élevé avec vue sur Tour Effeil ,5mn à pied du champs de mars et des bords de seine . Le métro Bir Hakein est à 5 mn à pied ,en 10mn on est aux Champs Elysées L'appartement sera libre 2 clés leur seront remise ,un inventaire détaillé est à leur disposition Les commerces ,proximité des transports et du Champs de Mars Métro ligne 6 La réservation doit se faire 15 jours avant avec un dépôt de garantie envoyé 8 jours avant ,l'entrée dans les lieux .les arrivées se feront entre 15 et 16 h et les départs aux mêmes heures.
12203	In the flat you will enjoy of one bed for 2 person in the bedroom, one sofa bed for 1 person, one well-equipped kitchen with condiments needed for cooking, the bathroom is with a bathtub and toilet inside, towels and sheets are provided, shower gel, shampoo, coffee and tea are also provided.  The studio is new,clean and cozy, it's a romantic and perfect accommodation for your vacation in Paris. The installations include small TV, WIFI, hairdryer, towel dryer, disches and kitchenware, oven-microwave, electric kettle, toaster and a refrigerator.  The cost of accommodation hosting are 79 € a night for the apartment.  Minimum stay: at 2 nights. I’ll staying at 10 minutes by foot if you need anything ! 	My place is charming and quiet, situated at 5 minutes walking. Metro Motte Picquet deseve every hightlignt. My street is pleasant and trading with a market on Sundays. You will be in only 10 minutes of one of the biggest shopping gallery opened at the end of 2013. It's in the 6th floor (with elevator), amazing view on Eiffel Tower. The bedroom is upstairs under rooftop with a big velux, really sunny. In the flat you will enjoy of one bed for 2 person in the bedroom, one sofa bed for 1 person, one well-equipped kitchen with condiments needed for cooking, the bathroom is with a bathtub and toilet inside, towels and sheets are provided, shower gel, shampoo, coffee and tea are also provided.  The studio is new,clean and cozy, it's a romantic and perfect accommodation for your vacation in Paris. The installations include small TV, WIFI, hairdryer, towel dryer, disches and kitchenware, oven-microwave, electric kettle, toaster and a refrigerator.  The cost of accommodation hosting are 79 € a 
12204	This beautiful 62 sqm apartment can sleep up to four guests. It has a separate bedroom and a bathroom. The entrance hall, very spacious, features a large closet with wardrobes and shelves. It opens on the main room and on the kitchen. The main room features a living-room side, equipped with a comfortable angle couch (convertible in a double bed 140x200), a coffee table and a large flat television with cable TV channels, a DVD-BluRay player and a stereo. The dining area features a dining table for four people. The kitchen is very well equipped, part of it is open on the living-room. It has a bar and two high stools, perfect for breakfast. This room is very luminous thanks to the large bay window. You will surely appreciate the view on the Eiffel Tower ! From the entrance hall, a corridor will lead you to the bathroom. It is very comfortable with a spacious walk-in shower and two washbasins. Note that the toilet is in a separate room with a washbasin, accessible from the entrance hall, n	Beautiful 1-bedroom 62 sqm apartment to rent in Paris close to the Eiffel Tower. Comfortable, luminous, with high standing equipments in a very secured building featuring a swimming-pool on the top ! This beautiful 62 sqm apartment can sleep up to four guests. It has a separate bedroom and a bathroom. The entrance hall, very spacious, features a large closet with wardrobes and shelves. It opens on the main room and on the kitchen. The main room features a living-room side, equipped with a comfortable angle couch (convertible in a double bed 140x200), a coffee table and a large flat television with cable TV channels, a DVD-BluRay player and a stereo. The dining area features a dining table for four people. The kitchen is very well equipped, part of it is open on the living-room. It has a bar and two high stools, perfect for breakfast. This room is very luminous thanks to the large bay window. You will surely appreciate the view on the Eiffel Tower ! From the entrance hall, a corridor wi
12205	Lovely 2 room clear and bright through apartment on the fifth floor with elevator and balcony. - Sunny and quiet apartment, 35 m2 , on the 5th floor with elevator, with open view. - Fully equipped kitchenette with small fridge, plate, electric stove and oven, washing machine, and all cooking utensils necessary  - Comfortable living room with convertible sofa, wide screen TV with cable (all the sports channels), great sound system - Bedroom with a comfortable double bed - linen is provided  - Bathroom with shower – towels are provided	Lovely 2 room clear and bright through apartment on the fifth floor with elevator and balcony. 5 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower, 200m from 3 the metro station with 3 lines that will take you anywhere in Paris in les than half an hour. Lovely 2 room clear and bright through apartment on the fifth floor with elevator and balcony. - Sunny and quiet apartment, 35 m2 , on the 5th floor with elevator, with open view. - Fully equipped kitchenette with small fridge, plate, electric stove and oven, washing machine, and all cooking utensils necessary  - Comfortable living room with convertible sofa, wide screen TV with cable (all the sports channels), great sound system - Bedroom with a comfortable double bed - linen is provided  - Bathroom with shower – towels are provided We'll trust you with everything we have! anything missing you'll need? call us and we'll do our best to find it for you We'll be there when you arrive to answer any questions and help you settle in. We'll tell you where you
12206	Appartement T1 dans résidence calme 6e étage ascenseur avec :  - Grande Entrée et placard intégré. (Seulement une partie du placard mise à disposition) - Pièce principale avec grande fenêtre vitrée, lumineux, TV, petite cuisine séparée avec frigo, plaques de cuisson, four, micro ondes.  - Salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à laver le linge, lavabo, WC séparé. - Ce point est déjà noté dans les équipements de bases, mais voici une petite précision : Le logement n'est pas équipé de WIFI. Cependant, vous avez à disposition un code personnel, permettant de se connecter à un hotspot situé à proximité. Cela permet un accès temporaire à Internet.	T1 paris 15e (metro pasteur) proche de Montparnasse, centre de paris, possibilité d'accès aux principaux monuments très facilement. Appartement au calme. Parking souterrain dispo. Proposé avec un canapé clic-clac, mezzanine et matelas individuel. Appartement T1 dans résidence calme 6e étage ascenseur avec :  - Grande Entrée et placard intégré. (Seulement une partie du placard mise à disposition) - Pièce principale avec grande fenêtre vitrée, lumineux, TV, petite cuisine séparée avec frigo, plaques de cuisson, four, micro ondes.  - Salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à laver le linge, lavabo, WC séparé. - Ce point est déjà noté dans les équipements de bases, mais voici une petite précision : Le logement n'est pas équipé de WIFI. Cependant, vous avez à disposition un code personnel, permettant de se connecter à un hotspot situé à proximité. Cela permet un accès temporaire à Internet. Mise à disposition de tout l'appartement.  PERIODE : disponible entre le 11 juillet et le 23 Août, de p
12207	This modern loft of 40 squares meter with exposed brick is warm and cozy. It is located only 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower Located on the 18th floor, it has an amazing view of the Seine River, the Liberty Statue, the beautiful old buildings of the 16th arrondissement located on the other side of the river and on the horizon, the skyscrapers of la Defense.  The view at night time is outstanding and really romantic: you can observe the sunsets and the passing lit-up boats.  You can take lovely walks on the Seine docks and the Liberty Statue can be admired from the 18th level or on the swan island, just a few minutes away from the flat.  Only a few minutes away, you can visit the Andre Citroen park.  A wonderful experience is to take the balloon that rises to an altitude of 150 meters. The view of the Parisian skyline is breathtaking: you can see the Champ de Mars, the River Seine, the Basilica of the Sacré Cœur, the Notre Dame Cathedral and the great French architecture of the bu	This modern loft with exposed brick is warm and cozy! With an outstanding view on the Seine River, it is perfect for a romantic escape.  This modern loft of 40 squares meter with exposed brick is warm and cozy. It is located only 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower Located on the 18th floor, it has an amazing view of the Seine River, the Liberty Statue, the beautiful old buildings of the 16th arrondissement located on the other side of the river and on the horizon, the skyscrapers of la Defense.  The view at night time is outstanding and really romantic: you can observe the sunsets and the passing lit-up boats.  You can take lovely walks on the Seine docks and the Liberty Statue can be admired from the 18th level or on the swan island, just a few minutes away from the flat.  Only a few minutes away, you can visit the Andre Citroen park.  A wonderful experience is to take the balloon that rises to an altitude of 150 meters. The view of the Parisian skyline is breathtaking: you can see
12208	Studio 365.97 square feet, very clear and agreeable very close by the Eiffel Tower! American kitchen with a bar, well furnished (over, microwave, fridge/refrigirateur, 4 electric cooktops) Bathroom with a shower and a bath with separated WC. Living-room:  TV 16/9, lecteur DVD, cable, internet wifi, 2  sofa-bed, coffee table, desk and a cute balcony. 2subway lines 2mins and 5mins away from the apartment: Line 8&10 lots of shops&restaurants (food market, french epicerie) right down by the apartment. You will feel like living in a cute little village in Paris!	Studio 365.97 square feet, very clear and agreeable very close by the Eiffel Tower! American kitchen with a bar, well furnished (over, microwave, fridge/refrigirateur, 4 electric cooktops) Bathroom with a shower and a bath with separated WC. Living-room:  TV 16/9, lecteur DVD, cable, internet wifi, 2  sofa-bed, coffee table, desk and a cute balcony. 2subway lines 2mins and 5mins away from the apartment: Line 8&10 lots of shops&restaurants (food market, french epicerie) right down by the apartment. You will feel like living in a cute little village in Paris!
12209	Un lit de 140  (2 personnes ) Un canapé lit de 140  (2 personnes ) Un lit de 90  (1 personne )	Appartement très clair . Sas et Entrée (porte blindée) désservi ascenceur  Double séjour lit double/canapé  + un lit d'appoint  Balcon 6m2  Chambre lit double TV    Billard américain  2m  cuisine à l'américaine  salle de bain avec baignoire et douche Un lit de 140  (2 personnes ) Un canapé lit de 140  (2 personnes ) Un lit de 90  (1 personne ) Accès à la totalité de l'appartement . Echange et aide en cours de séjour possible Quartier agréable ... parcs, église, bars,  le tout à moins de 100m Quartier très bien desservi . Métro  à 50 m ( ligne 8 )  Concorde Madeleine Opéra direct en moins de 10 minutes et bus 70 et 88  (à 50 m) direct quartier Latin et Marais en 25 minutes. Beaucoup de commerces dans le quartier ... shopping et restaurants Quartier très bien desservi . Métro  à 50 m ( ligne 8 )  Concorde Madeleine Opéra direct en moins de 10 minutes et bus 70 et 88  (à 50 m) direct quartier Latin et Marais en 25 minutes. Beaucoup de commerces dans le quartier ... shopping et restaurants
12210	Flat few blocks from Eiffel Tower with buses 1 mn from flat going to Champs Elysées or Saint Germain des Près. RER B going to Château de Versailles. 20mn walk to Eiffel Tour and 5 mn from Beaugrenelle or La Motte Picquet Grenelle 	A private and very quiet room exposed ouest side with balcony on back yard. SDB and WC apart American kitchen brand new. Hifi & internet provided.  Near many public transportations and accommodations and all Frenchy food shops and boutiques Flat few blocks from Eiffel Tower with buses 1 mn from flat going to Champs Elysées or Saint Germain des Près. RER B going to Château de Versailles. 20mn walk to Eiffel Tour and 5 mn from Beaugrenelle or La Motte Picquet Grenelle  Access to SDB, kitchen, living room, WC and internet  I will be around to give info You find everything you need and you go everywhere you want to.  Easy to park during August in the neiborhood. For Subway there are 2 tations nearby: Station Charles Michel on ligne 10 or Station Boucicaut on ligne 8. RER B is Station Javel (going as well to Château de Versailles) And also Buses No 42, 70, 88 and 62
12211		Studio 18 M2 dans un maison d'architecte  (2013) quartier de bon standing pièce à vivre parquet volet electrique kitchinette  salle de bain séparé (douche-wc-lavabo) situé à 250 m du métro ligne 7 (station Léo Lagrange) 16 min de Notre dame de Paris
12212		We are two young academics who just finished their PHD (in Sociology and in German Studies), we work but we are trying hard to conserver our student way of life!  As we move around a lot, we are happy to let visitors enjoy our 2 room flat!
12213	50m² lovely apartment in the center of Paris near the Seine and the Eiffel Tower  My very quiet and modern apartment, situated in the 3rd floor with elevator, is composed of:  - 1 big living room with a nice garden view, 1 sofa bed and 1 another sofa, 8 seats dining table, a flat screen television, a Dvd player (including a large selection of French or American Movies and Tv shows), a Wii and Wifi access. -1 big bedroom with a king size bed, a desk and a lot of storage area. Bed sheets and big pillows are provided. - 1 functional kitchen with all of the necessary household golds (fridge, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, oven, blender, dishwasher etc... and also a washing machine, flatiron, vacuum cleaner) - 1 lovely bathroom with a bath (including bath pillow, candles, music, body care and bath products to relax, hairdryer). Towels and bathrobes are provided. - 1 parking  	Very quiet and modern apartment, situated in 3rd floor with elevator in 15th near the Seine 1 big bedroom  1 big living room with 1 sofa-bed 2 persons and 1 sofa 1 parking Available from (phone number hidden) to (phone number hidden) Minimum 10 days please 50m² lovely apartment in the center of Paris near the Seine and the Eiffel Tower  My very quiet and modern apartment, situated in the 3rd floor with elevator, is composed of:  - 1 big living room with a nice garden view, 1 sofa bed and 1 another sofa, 8 seats dining table, a flat screen television, a Dvd player (including a large selection of French or American Movies and Tv shows), a Wii and Wifi access. -1 big bedroom with a king size bed, a desk and a lot of storage area. Bed sheets and big pillows are provided. - 1 functional kitchen with all of the necessary household golds (fridge, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, oven, blender, dishwasher etc... and also a washing machine, flatiron, vacuum cleaner) - 1 lovely bathroom with 
12214	Nice flat 40m² with bedroom, fully renovated in 2012,  On the second floor in charmant and secure building KITCHEN with heat machine, 2 induction hotspot, a fridge, and every you will need to cook some improvisated french lunch. LIVING ROOM Confortable Sofa. Internet TV COSY BATHROOM with italian shower. LARGE BEDROOM : 1 large bedroom for 2 personns and 1 dressing. The building is really QUIET, there is no appartment above mine. and the interior court is sunny and (website hidden) the perfect location for a business trip or short week end and feel just like as a parisian home. 10 MINUTES WALKING : - Very famous district : St germain des prés with very famous brands. - Eiffel Tower - the Village Suisse a famous market of finest Antiques shops - Quai Branly Museum TRANSPORTATION: Segur (line 10),  Sevres lecourbes (line 6) Motte Picquet (line8) .  NEAR FLAT :  - a finest bakery,  - a grocery store open until 10 pm everyday and until 1pm on Sunday ( very useful for the sunday brunch)  - 	Nice flat 40m² with bedroom, fully renovated in 2012,  On the second floor in charmant and secure building KITCHEN with heat machine, 2 induction hotspot, a fridge, and every you will need to cook some improvisated french lunch. LIVING ROOM Confortable Sofa. Internet TV COSY BATHROOM with italian shower. LARGE BEDROOM : 1 large bedroom for 2 personns and 1 dressing. The building is really QUIET, there is no appartment above mine. and the interior court is sunny and (website hidden) the perfect location for a business trip or short week end and feel just like as a parisian home. 10 MINUTES WALKING : - Very famous district : St germain des prés with very famous brands. - Eiffel Tower - the Village Suisse a famous market of finest Antiques shops - Quai Branly Museum TRANSPORTATION: Segur (line 10),  Sevres lecourbes (line 6) Motte Picquet (line8) .  NEAR FLAT :  - a finest bakery,  - a grocery store open until 10 pm everyday and until 1pm on Sunday ( very useful for the sunday brunch)  - 
12215	Dans quartier résidentiel, agréable à vivre et sûr, studio pour deux personnes (ou trois sur lit d’appoint pliant). Proche du métro (station Lourmel 2 min), on accède facilement à tous les endroits de Paris. Tous commerces à proximité immédiate (supermarchés, boulangeries, primeurs, pharmacie, etc.) Studio situé au 1er étage sur cour intérieure claire et très calme : logement de 25 m2 avec salle d’eau et coin cuisine équipée. Équipements : bouilloire, grille-pain, micro ondes, machine à laver, Appartement pouvant accueillir deux ou trois personnes :  - une pièce de vie avec un lit 2 places 120x200 cm (attention : petite largeur) + lit d'appoint  - un coin avec cuisine équipée (vous avez tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner et prendre votre petit déjeuner, grille pain, bouilloire électrique, café, thé...)  - salle d'eau avec douche et WC Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis, le lit est préparé. Internet Wifi inclus	Je laisse mon studio à disposition pendant mes absences. Il est situé dans un quartier résidentiel, et idéal pour un ou deux personnes (avec possibilité de troisième couchage).  Appartement de 25 m2 est au 1er étage sur cour intérieure claire et très calme.  Transports accessibles à proximité  : métro (station Lourmel à 3 min), bus, tram, RER, Vélib, Autolib Tous commerces à proximité : supermarchés, boulangeries, primeurs, pharmacie, restaurants Tour Eiffel à 20 min Opéra à 20 min Dans quartier résidentiel, agréable à vivre et sûr, studio pour deux personnes (ou trois sur lit d’appoint pliant). Proche du métro (station Lourmel 2 min), on accède facilement à tous les endroits de Paris. Tous commerces à proximité immédiate (supermarchés, boulangeries, primeurs, pharmacie, etc.) Studio situé au 1er étage sur cour intérieure claire et très calme : logement de 25 m2 avec salle d’eau et coin cuisine équipée. Équipements : bouilloire, grille-pain, micro ondes, machine à laver, Appartement po
12216	Peaceful, bright and confy	The flat is located in the 15th district close to the quarter of the Eiffel Tower with metro station, restaurants, mall and shops. It is ideal for 2 or 3 people. And west facing balconies runs along the flat.
12217	Occupied by my husband and I, our apartment is the reflection of our love for Paris. Finely decorated with modern taste and confortable amenities, this great apartment let us visit every corner of Paris within minutes (with many public transport facilities nearby) while being in a quiet and secure zone of the city.  Our large living room with dining table and large balcony will be your favorite place to stay. The convertible sofa offer extra sleeping beds for 2 people. Our king size bed with extra confortable mattress and luxury linen will guarantee you rest (and more...) after a full visiting day.  Our newly refurbished bathroom with italian shower is equipped with all amenities. Our fully furnished kitchen offers all the necessary for your needs (Microwave, Oven, Nespresso machine, crockery) You will be delighted by the zen and cosy atmosphere of our home with all modern conveniences.	Charming and bright apartment of 45 m2 in the center of Paris. 15 mins from the Eiffel Tower. Large and finely decorated living room with a nice balcony. Confortable bedroom with king size bed. Luxurious modern bathroom with all amenities. Occupied by my husband and I, our apartment is the reflection of our love for Paris. Finely decorated with modern taste and confortable amenities, this great apartment let us visit every corner of Paris within minutes (with many public transport facilities nearby) while being in a quiet and secure zone of the city.  Our large living room with dining table and large balcony will be your favorite place to stay. The convertible sofa offer extra sleeping beds for 2 people. Our king size bed with extra confortable mattress and luxury linen will guarantee you rest (and more...) after a full visiting day.  Our newly refurbished bathroom with italian shower is equipped with all amenities. Our fully furnished kitchen offers all the necessary for your needs (M
12218	"My appartement is extremely well located and has been entirely redecorated 2 years ago. 200m from the ""Champs de Mars"" park and walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, it is surrounded by restaurants, cafés and supermarkets. The neighboorhoud is very lively, but the appartement is not noisy at all, since it is not directly on the street, but on a small garden. There are 3 metro lines, 2 bus lines and taxis available right outside. It can accomodate 2 people and it is located on the 4th floor of a 120 years old building. (no elevator !) Free high-speed internet (wifi), cable television, laundry machine, dishwasher, Queen size bed (1,6m x 2m), Nespresso machine.   This appartement is the place i live in all year long and it really means alot to me, so please be respectful ! Thank you !"	"Great 1 bedroom appartement, close to many bars, restaurants, supermarkets etc. The flat was renovated 4 years ago and is very clean and functionnal. It is also very sunny and quiet, with lots of plants. My appartement is extremely well located and has been entirely redecorated 2 years ago. 200m from the ""Champs de Mars"" park and walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, it is surrounded by restaurants, cafés and supermarkets. The neighboorhoud is very lively, but the appartement is not noisy at all, since it is not directly on the street, but on a small garden. There are 3 metro lines, 2 bus lines and taxis available right outside. It can accomodate 2 people and it is located on the 4th floor of a 120 years old building. (no elevator !) Free high-speed internet (wifi), cable television, laundry machine, dishwasher, Queen size bed (1,6m x 2m), Nespresso machine.   This appartement is the place i live in all year long and it really means alot to me, so please be respectful ! Thank you ! Wif"
12219		Cosy apartment with a large and comfortable living room, an open kitchen, a long balcony and an amazing view on the Eiffel Towel. Located at ca. 100m from Champs de Mars. Lot of shops, services and restaurants nearby. 2 rooms (1 large and 1 smaller) A large living room with an open kitchen and a balcony, 2 rooms (one comfortable one and one smaller) A lot of shops, services, restaurants and bars in the (website hidden). 100 m from Champs de mars. Direct access to any part of Paris with the proximity of underground stations Dupleix, Champs de mars, Motte-Picquet and Bir Hakeim.
12220		Dupleix lumineux de 4 pièces.  3 chambres avec lit double. 1 salle de bain avec machine à laver. Cuisine toute équipée. 6eme étage avec ascenseur. +++ une belle terrasse pour profiter du soleil!
12221	Studio de 23 m², situé dans le 15eme arrondisement de Paris, quartier tres calm et sympa!! Le studio est bien équipe, a 5 minutes du metro Plaisance et avec plusieurs lignes de bus à côté. Comfortable pour deux personnes, ideal pour une couple / étudiant. Located in the 15th district, a few meters away from metro Plaisance (line 13) and 10 minutes in metro from Montparnasse, the apartment is ideally located fora nice walk in Paris. The apartment is quiet, well equipped, comfortable and bright. Situé dans le 15eme arrondisement, à quelques mètres du metro Plaisance (ligne 13), 10 minutes de Montparnasse, l'appartement est idéalement situé pour se balader dans Paris. L'appartement est calme, bien equipe, confortable et lumineux. Equipment: fridge, hob, oven, microwave, internet access by wifi, bathroom with sink bathtub and toilet, wardrobe, sofa bed and wallbed, desk. Equipement :Frigo, plaque, four, micro ondes, acces internet par wifi, SDB avec bagnoire lavabo et wc, grande armoire, c	Studio de 23 m², situé dans le 15eme arrondisement de Paris, quartier tres calm et sympa!! Le studio est bien équipe, a 5 minutes du metro Plaisance et avec plusieurs lignes de bus à côté. Comfortable pour deux personnes, ideal pour une couple / étudiant. Located in the 15th district, a few meters away from metro Plaisance (line 13) and 10 minutes in metro from Montparnasse, the apartment is ideally located fora nice walk in Paris. The apartment is quiet, well equipped, comfortable and bright. Situé dans le 15eme arrondisement, à quelques mètres du metro Plaisance (ligne 13), 10 minutes de Montparnasse, l'appartement est idéalement situé pour se balader dans Paris. L'appartement est calme, bien equipe, confortable et lumineux. Equipment: fridge, hob, oven, microwave, internet access by wifi, bathroom with sink bathtub and toilet, wardrobe, sofa bed and wallbed, desk. Equipement :Frigo, plaque, four, micro ondes, acces internet par wifi, SDB avec bagnoire lavabo et wc, grande armoire, c
12222	Studio 30 square meters with all separated and closed rooms. Very quiet place and luminous place ( one window in each rooms).  Located at the second floor with elevator.  One entrance hall, one kitchen, a Washer & dryer  machine, microwaves, oven and induction hobs. Kitchen has also a window.  Nespresso machine is available and the caps are provided (a wide range of choice).  The principal room is well furnished: a queen size (160*200cm) sofa bed very comfortable.  You can watch TV ( 100cm width screen) with cable channels and bluray player, Mac computer is available at your convenience. Free wifi included.  A big window provides great brightness. No noise because the street is closed to all vehicles.  Then the bathroom is pretty big and very pleasant with toilets and a bathtub you should enjoy after a cool day in Parisian streets :-) you can enjoy a window in the bathroom.  Towels and bed linen are provided.	Cosy, cool studio in walking distance of the Eiffel Tower (10min by walk of the Champs de Mars) and many sightseeings (tour montparnasse, école militaire, champs élysées) Studio 30 square meters with all separated and closed rooms. Very quiet place and luminous place ( one window in each rooms).  Located at the second floor with elevator.  One entrance hall, one kitchen, a Washer & dryer  machine, microwaves, oven and induction hobs. Kitchen has also a window.  Nespresso machine is available and the caps are provided (a wide range of choice).  The principal room is well furnished: a queen size (160*200cm) sofa bed very comfortable.  You can watch TV ( 100cm width screen) with cable channels and bluray player, Mac computer is available at your convenience. Free wifi included.  A big window provides great brightness. No noise because the street is closed to all vehicles.  Then the bathroom is pretty big and very pleasant with toilets and a bathtub you should enjoy after a cool day in Par
12223	Ideal for a romantic couple as for a family who wants to discover Paris ! You'll have a great time and be able to access to every great places on foot or subway...	"Welcome in our great Parisian apartement. 45 squared meter apartment in the Capital center with a great view on the Eiffel Tower. In a peaceful neighborhood, you will enjoy the typical parisian way of life during your stay... Ideal for a romantic couple as for a family who wants to discover Paris ! You'll have a great time and be able to access to every great places on foot or subway... We'll be there to welcome you and give you all the information that you need in English or French and we'll also try to do it in Spanish ;) Quiet neighborhood. Every sunday, there is a typical French market just 50m from the front door... Really close from 'Rue du Commerce"", you'll be able to live as a real Parisian ! 50m from the subway ""Vaugirard"" or ""Convention"". Easily accessible from the airports Roissy and Orly (around 1 hour) Because we are travelling a lot on weekend, we let you our great flat to enjoy Paris as we do every day ! You'll love the situation, the apartment and the neighborhood !"
12224	This is a 4th floor apartment with elevator, Hausmanian style which is the charm of Paris buildings with beautiful hardwood floors, and chimney.  The bedroom where a comfortable full size double bed can be found as well as a  piano and a place with a comfortable chair (deckchair) and a sofa to get some rest or read a book. The bathroom with shower and toilet ( shared with us).  There is free high speed WIFI in the apartment.  This is more  a bed and breakfast set up, so I provide a kettle and tea and coffee making facilities in the room and will provide a continental breakfast  for the (website hidden)'s included in the price.  The reason is because of the lay out of the house means that my room is off the kitchen so access to the kitchen is limited at breakfast.  Around the apartment: The apartment is only a 7 minutes walk from the Bon Marche and Saint Germain des Pres, Odéon, 10 minutes the Luxembourg Gardens, 15 minutes from the Musée d'Orsay or  Le Panthéon, 15 minutes walk from th	This is a 4th floor apartment with elevator, Hausmanian style which is the charm of Paris buildings with beautiful hardwood floors, and chimney.  The bedroom where a comfortable full size double bed can be found as well as a  piano and a place with a comfortable chair (deckchair) and a sofa to get some rest or read a book. The bathroom with shower and toilet ( shared with us).  There is free high speed WIFI in the apartment.  This is more  a bed and breakfast set up, so I provide a kettle and tea and coffee making facilities in the room and will provide a continental breakfast  for the (website hidden)'s included in the price.  The reason is because of the lay out of the house means that my room is off the kitchen so access to the kitchen is limited at breakfast.  Around the apartment: The apartment is only a 7 minutes walk from the Bon Marche and Saint Germain des Pres, Odéon, 10 minutes the Luxembourg Gardens, 15 minutes from the Musée d'Orsay or  Le Panthéon, 15 minutes walk from th
12225	"This is a 5th floor apartment with elevator, Hausmanian style which is the charm of Paris buildings with beautiful hardwood floors, and chimney. The apartment is 55meters squared (roughly 590 squared feet). The living room, which has an open plan kitchen, sofa, a bed for one person ( which looks ike a sofa during the day,  table and chairs, in front of a very Parisian chimney (unfortunately because of security, Paris laws doesn't allow to do some fire inside, but that is very charming as well) perfect to sip a glass of lovely French red wine with some French charcuterie. The first bedroom where a comfortable full size double bed can be found a single bed, a sofa to get some rest or read a book, a desk to write some notes or work.  The second bedroom ( with the word ""LOVE"" on the wall), where a comfortable double bed can be found, a little office style desk should you need to get any work done, a piano, an armchair to read a book or listening some music.  In the kitchen you will find ev"	"Our cool and conformable 2 bedrooms Hausmanian style apartment with his beautiful hardwood floors, and chimney is a perfect retreat to come back home, sharing a glass of wine with some cheese and ""Charcuteries"" just bought at the market. Area safe. This is a 5th floor apartment with elevator, Hausmanian style which is the charm of Paris buildings with beautiful hardwood floors, and chimney. The apartment is 55meters squared (roughly 590 squared feet). The living room, which has an open plan kitchen, sofa, a bed for one person ( which looks ike a sofa during the day,  table and chairs, in front of a very Parisian chimney (unfortunately because of security, Paris laws doesn't allow to do some fire inside, but that is very charming as well) perfect to sip a glass of lovely French red wine with some French charcuterie. The first bedroom where a comfortable full size double bed can be found a single bed, a sofa to get some rest or read a book, a desk to write some notes or work.  The second"
12226	Located on the 2nd floor (with elevators), this flat is spacious and functional. The bedroom is calm and cozy with a double bed each and a balcony overlooking a quiet garden.	Wellcome in this well-designed flat with a large living-room, equiped kitchen and bathroom.  The lovely 12m2 bedroom for 2 (dooblebed) has a balcony on a quiet garden.  Many touristic areas easily reachable on foot or with transports. Located on the 2nd floor (with elevators), this flat is spacious and functional. The bedroom is calm and cozy with a double bed each and a balcony overlooking a quiet garden. The large living room comprises a dining area with a diner table and chairs, a TV area with a corner sofa, a coffee table and a large screen TV and also has a balcony.  The kitchen is fully equipped, the bathroom and toilets are separated. As I'll be sharing the flat, I'll be happy to help and give tips. Near Montparnasse, safe and residential area of Paris NOT overcrowded with tourists, with a very lively commercial spirit (a lot of shops for groceries, wines, clothing…, literally on every step).  Many tourists attractions are easily reachable :  15min on foot from the vibrant Montp
12227		Studio calme, confortable et fonctionnel idéal pour un petit séjour à Paris. Il est situé à 2 minutes du métro 12, tram 2 et tram 3 station porte de Versaille et environ 10 minutes du métro Balard.
12228	Mon appartement est très cosy	Grand appartement avec une chambre independante, et une chambre attenante cuisine toute équipee petit dejeuner compris les chambres ont un grand lit Mon appartement est très cosy Vous aurez accès à la cuisine et petit déjeuner compris Je serais à votre disposition pour toute information Mon quartier est très animé près du parc Georges brassens Navettes cité universitaire pour aller aux aéroports. Si les hôtes veulent déjeuner ils peuvent se servir de la cuisine
12229	Cosy 80m2 flat in an oldfashion style close to the Eiffel Tower (15 min by walk) and the quai de Seine (5 min by walk) 	Cosy 80m2 flat in an oldfashion style close to the Eiffel Tower (15 min by walk) and the quai de Seine (5 min by walk) Several metro and bus stations The flat is located in a lively neighborhood, in a street of food trade (bakery, delicatessen, butcher, excellent cheese maker, wine boutiques, vegetable market). On sunday a wonderful and typicall market. NYC is not so far...5 min by walk, on the Grenelle bridge, you can  admire an exact replica of the Statue of Liberty Rental for 8 nights not less not more Bed sheet and towels are provided 
12230		Très charmant duplex tout équipé de 50 m2 dans une maison des années 1930 avec cour intérieur, situé rue Saint Charles dans le 15 ème arr de Paris a 10 min a pied de la Tour Eiffel. M8 M12 T2 T3 et tous commerces à proximité. Idéal pour un
12231	The Apartment 40M2 has 1 bed room with king size double bed ( 160 X 200 ) and a living room with 1 sofa bed ( 140 X 200 ). Bed sheets and towels are included in the rental, ventilator in room, Internet wifi...	Beautiful renovated apartment in typical Haussmannian building, view over the roof tops of Paris, last floor with elevator, 15min walk from the Eiffel Tower ! Good area with bakery store, pharmacy and shops down the building, 10min walk from the Beaugrenelle center and champs de Mars...
12232	5th floor with lift, 48 sqm just renovated: Wonderful spacious living room, with open kitchen fully furnished 1 bedroom with queen size bed 1 bathroom with new shower Toilets separated Minimum stay required : 7 days	Lovely 1-bedroom flat in the heart of the 15th district, close to the Eiffel Tower, with the following features : - Large living room with open kitchen and balcony - 1 bedroom with queen size bed and bathroom entrance - Toilets separated - Very sunny flat  5th floor with lift, 48 sqm just renovated: Wonderful spacious living room, with open kitchen fully furnished 1 bedroom with queen size bed 1 bathroom with new shower Toilets separated Minimum stay required : 7 days Full Access to the flat Very well furnished TV / Wifi included of course! E-mail SMS Mobile 2 min by walk to La rue du Commerce : many shops, restaurants and food stores : so pleasant area, where you can find all what you need.  10 min by walk to The Eiffel Tower 15 min by walk to Les Invalides => Perfect location in Paris Subway, about 5 min by walk Line 6 (Cambronne) Line 8 (Commerce) Line 10 (Emile Zola) Bus : line 80 Velib Station very close to the flat Welcome in Paris Feel free to contact me  
12233	Very pleasant and light flat with all the facilities inside	"In a typical parisian building at the last and 5th floor you can benefit of a charming balcony with very nice view of the Eiffel Tower. At the foot of the metro dupleix on line 6 and all the market shop of  ""rue de Lourmel""&""rue du commerce"" Very pleasant and light flat with all the facilities inside Métro Dupleix on line 6  1 min walking  or  Métro La Motte Picquet Grenelle on line 6, 8 & 10 5 min walking  We will do our best to welcome and help our hôtes to have a nice stay Very safe and pleasant"
12234	Non-Smoking, no animals, in the northern part of district 15 (arrondissement 15) close to the Charles Michel (line 8) metro stop Commerce (line 10) and La Motte Picquet Grenelle (line 6), this cozy (38 m2) apartment offers everything you need to make your stay in Paris enjoyable.  It is located on the third floor (French standard) It is very quiet and secure place.  The apartment is furnished in modern style. It accommodates a bedroom with a comfortable bed (160cm x 200cm), a bookself, a big chest of drawers, huge hanging closet, iron, vacuum cleaner. A living room with a pull out couch for 2 persons is available, TV, dining table and chairs for 4 persons. A separate kitchen has all necessary amenities such as fridge, hotplates, microwave, washing machine, coffee maker, and toaster. The bathroom has a shower, a wash basin and a WC (toilet). The apartment is well located on the banks of the Seine. 2 supermarkets are not far away. The neighborhood is friendly and cosmopolitan. It takes a	Non-Smoking, no animals, in the northern part of district 15 (arrondissement 15) close to the Charles Michel (line 8) metro stop Commerce (line 10) and La Motte Picquet Grenelle (line 6), this cozy (38 m2) apartment offers everything you need to make your stay in Paris enjoyable.  It is located on the third floor (French standard) It is very quiet and secure place.  The apartment is furnished in modern style. It accommodates a bedroom with a comfortable bed (160cm x 200cm), a bookself, a big chest of drawers, huge hanging closet, iron, vacuum cleaner. A living room with a pull out couch for 2 persons is available, TV, dining table and chairs for 4 persons. A separate kitchen has all necessary amenities such as fridge, hotplates, microwave, washing machine, coffee maker, and toaster. The bathroom has a shower, a wash basin and a WC (toilet). The apartment is well located on the banks of the Seine. 2 supermarkets are not far away. The neighborhood is friendly and cosmopolitan. It takes a
12235	Ce charmant studio de 31m², a été récemment rénové. Situé au 7è étage avec ascenseur, il est très lumineux. Il se compose d’un espace salon d'où vous pouvez apercevoir la Tour Eiffel, d’un espace chambre avec un lit double de 1.40m, d’une cuisine totalement équipée, d'une salle de bains avec douche à l'italienne et de toilettes séparés. Vous pourrez apprécier vos repas sur sa terrasse ensoleillée.  Le quartier animé et commerçant vous permet de vivre comme de vrais parisiens. Vous pouvez vous rendre très facilement en quelques minutes sur les principaux sites touristiques et vous êtes à moins de 10 minutes en métro du parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles par la ligne directe (website hidden) perdez pas une minute de votre temps pour découvrir Paris, le ménage de votre fin de séjour est inclus dans le tarif affiché, nous nous occupons de tout pour vous. 	    Situé dans un quartier commerçant et animé, vous pourrez profiter d'une terrasse au calme.  De nombreux commerces et restaurants au pied de l'immeuble de standing.     Ce charmant studio de 31m², a été récemment rénové. Situé au 7è étage avec ascenseur, il est très lumineux, chaque pièce étant dotée d'une ou plusieurs fenêtres. Vous pourrez également apprécier vos repas sur sa terrasse ensoleillée. Il se compose d’un espace salon d'où vous pouvez apercevoir la Tour Eiffel, d’un espace chambre avec un lit double de 1.40m, d’une cuisine totalement équipée, d'une salle de bains avec douche à l'italienne et de toilettes séparés. Le quartier animé et commerçant vous permet de vivre comme de vrais parisiens. Vous pouvez vous rendre très facilement en quelques minutes sur les principaux sites touristiques et vous êtes à moins de 10 minutes en métro du parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles par la ligne directe (website hidden) perdez pas une minute de votre temps pour découvrir Pa
12236		Large, comfortable and well lit apt! 10m from Eiffel Tower, Beaugrenelle Shopping and Charles Michel village like street where to find great french food. Metro, RERc, Velib and Grocery right by. + huge terrasse for diners and drinks during summer!
12237		Appartement situé en plein cœur du 15ème arrondissement dans la fameuse rue du Commerce. T2 de 36m² plein de charme avec sa verrière atypique et ses gargouilles à l'intérieur de l'appartement. Au pied du métro Commerce, côté cour (très calme).
12238	Two rooms, wifi and internet access with one bed room with a real bed and a convertible sofa, rows of books (in french, english and german), flat TV sreen, electric piano + a separate fully equipped kitchen (gas, classic and micro-wave oven, washing machine, dish-washing machine, coffee machine...) + a separate bath room. Summer fan + baby bed. 2nd floor with light and elevator. Secured door for the building	Two rooms flat in a typically parisian area, inside Paris but within 20 minutes from Versailles ! Parquet floor, electric piano. Within 20 minutes of all the main touristic points of interest in Paris. Well equipped and served by underground. Two rooms, wifi and internet access with one bed room with a real bed and a convertible sofa, rows of books (in french, english and german), flat TV sreen, electric piano + a separate fully equipped kitchen (gas, classic and micro-wave oven, washing machine, dish-washing machine, coffee machine...) + a separate bath room. Summer fan + baby bed. 2nd floor with light and elevator. Secured door for the building You can go to the Louvre Museum, the Opera, the Invalides, the Musée d'Orsay, the Champs-Elysées or Saint-Germain-des-Prés within 20 minutes with the public transportation system. Notre Dame is 25 minutes far away as well as the Quartier Latin, the Marais or the Grands Boulevards (Pigalle and Montmartre). The flat is also located near one of t
12239		Bienvenue dans notre appartement situé au 2ieme étage avec balcon vue sur la tour eiffel. Appartement avec ascenseur dans un immeuble propre et calme à 10mn à pied de la tour eiffel et 2mn à pied du métro.  Divers commerce et restaurants partout.
12240	Hello guest, We are living in a charming apartment, in an old brick building (1920) and providing acces to a nice garden. It's full of character. It's a quiet place and we don't hear any noises from the street. It's a 4 rooms flat including 2 bedrooms and a living room with a bed on mezzanine for 2 people. It's in Montparnasse area at 10 minutes from Eiffel tower, Trocadero and Saint-Germain-des-Près. We are really closed from many touristic places. The surroundings are full of pubs and restaurants.  It's on grand floor and very quiet. All accommodations you need : art books, dvd's, wifi, full furnished kitchen, washer and dryer. Sheets are provided. Métro Falguière (line 12), Pasteur (line 6 and 12) or Montparnasse (line 4, 13, 6, 12) and many bus lines... I am available to provide answers by phone (phone number hidden) or by email : (email hidden)	Hello guest, We are living in a charming apartment, in an old brick building (1920) and providing acces to a nice garden. It's full of character. It's a quiet place and we don't hear any noises from the street. It's a 4 rooms flat including 2 bedrooms and a living room with a bed on mezzanine for 2 people. It's in Montparnasse area at 10 minutes from Eiffel tower, Trocadero and Saint-Germain-des-Près. We are really closed from many touristic places. The surroundings are full of pubs and restaurants.  It's on grand floor and very quiet. All accommodations you need : art books, dvd's, wifi, full furnished kitchen, washer and dryer. Sheets are provided. Métro Falguière (line 12), Pasteur (line 6 and 12) or Montparnasse (line 4, 13, 6, 12) and many bus lines... I am available to provide answers by phone (phone number hidden) or by email : (email hidden)
12241		Appartement en rez de chaussé situé à 100 mètres du champ de mars /tour Eiffel, dans une petite rue très calme. Quartier (La Motte Picquet Grenelle) très commerçant, très animé, de nombreuses terrasses et restaurants -2 chambres avec 3 vrais lits.
12242	L'appartement est un 2 pièces de 45 m² tout équipé.  Il est situé au 9ème étage (AVEC ascenseur). Il est lumineux et très calme. Il peut loger jusqu'à 2 personnes. Je vous laisse la chambre avec un lit 2places et he prend le salon. A deux pas de la rue de Vaugirard et à 20 min. à pied de Montparnasse.  A coté de toutes commodités : supermarchés, cafés, boulangerie, restaurants, prêt-à-porter…  L'appartement est composé :  * D'un grand salon  * D'une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, toute équipée : plaques , four/ four micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, etc...  * D'une chambre avec lit 2 places très confortable. Linge de lit à disposition.  * D’une salle de de bains avec une baignoire et un lave-linge. Des serviettes seront à votre disposition.	"A two-rooms flat in the 9th floor with a clear view and a housing capacity of 2 people.  In a calm neighborhood, only 3min from the metro station ""Vaugirard"", and a lot of bus stations.  Well situated, just 10min from Montparnasse."
12243	Il n'est pas très loin du centre ville et des curiosités touristiques (la Tour Eiffel, Notre-Dame de Paris). Il se situe dans un quartier calme et le studio est assez grand pour deux personnes.	Hello, If you want to travel in Paris or spend times to work, i rent my flat. It's near of
12244	This one bedroom Paris vacation rental property enjoys a great location close metro lines 6 and 10, just 10 minutes away from the sites of Les Invalides, Napoleon's Tomb, the Eiffel Tower and the Rodin museum.  This neighbourhood offers easy access to all areas of Paris from the nearest metro stop of Cambronne or Ségur. Also within a pleasant stroll there is the Musee d'Orsey, the Louvre and Notre Dame can be reached by following the Sein river. The apartment is located on the 6th floor, with 3 elevators access. It is decorated in a clean and tasteful style, with lovely wooden floors and open spaces. The apartment has one bedroom. There is a large living room, also looking onto the quiet street. There is a separate kitchen that is well equipped with modern conveniences, and also contains a washing machine, a dryer, a dish machine. There is a separate bathroom. The apartment amenities include;  - NON -smoking apartment!  - Central gas heating system  - 50m2, bedroom, kitchen, living roo	Located between Eiffel Tower and St Germain des Près (less than 10 minutes to these places), close to 3 metro stations (Cambronne, Ségur, Volontaires), nice flat fully equiped of 50 sqm TV, wifi, dishwasher, home cinema, bathroom with bathtube, view This one bedroom Paris vacation rental property enjoys a great location close metro lines 6 and 10, just 10 minutes away from the sites of Les Invalides, Napoleon's Tomb, the Eiffel Tower and the Rodin museum.  This neighbourhood offers easy access to all areas of Paris from the nearest metro stop of Cambronne or Ségur. Also within a pleasant stroll there is the Musee d'Orsey, the Louvre and Notre Dame can be reached by following the Sein river. The apartment is located on the 6th floor, with 3 elevators access. It is decorated in a clean and tasteful style, with lovely wooden floors and open spaces. The apartment has one bedroom. There is a large living room, also looking onto the quiet street. There is a separate kitchen that is well equi
12245	"Situated on the top floor, windows open on to the inner courtyard. It consists of a separate bedroom, a living room, a separate kitchen and a bathroom, the apartment on the top floor, overlooking a courtyard in a quiet and it is also very light, ideal for a small vacation. Composé d'une chambre séparée, d'un salon, d'une cuisine séparée et d'une salle d'eau, l'appartement situé au dernier étage, il  donne sur une cour intérieur au calme et il est aussi très lumineux, idéal pour de petites vacances. Charming 2 rooms 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, are trading very area (supermarket, shopping center Beaugrenelle, many bar and brasserie restaurant). Charmant 2 pièces à 10 minutes de la tour Eiffel, quartier très commercent ( supermarché, centre commercial Beaugrenelle,   de nombreux bar brasserie et restaurant). The accommodation is situated in front of the metro station ""Charles Michel"", line 10. Le logement est situé au pied de la station de métro ""Charles Michel"",  ligne 10."	This apartment is located in a traditional, quiet and lively Parisian neighborhood, 15 minutes' walk from the Eiffel Tower & 5 from Seine River. Very near to the metro station “Charles Michel” (line 10) and less than 5min/“Commerce” station (line 8) Situated on the top floor, windows open on to the inner courtyard. It consists of a separate bedroom, a living room, a separate kitchen and a bathroom, the apartment on the top floor, overlooking a courtyard in a quiet and it is also very light, ideal for a small vacation. Composé d'une chambre séparée, d'un salon, d'une cuisine séparée et d'une salle d'eau, l'appartement situé au dernier étage, il  donne sur une cour intérieur au calme et il est aussi très lumineux, idéal pour de petites vacances. Charming 2 rooms 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, are trading very area (supermarket, shopping center Beaugrenelle, many bar and brasserie restaurant). Charmant 2 pièces à 10 minutes de la tour Eiffel, quartier très commercent ( supermarché, cen
12246	The apartment has a 20m² surface. It includes a bathroom with a shower, a basin and toilet and a well equipped kitchen. The highlight of the apartment is the view, which overlooks the Eiffel Tower. This romantic cocoon is bright, clean and convenient, ideal for a romantic and pleasant stay in the City of Light!	"Bir-Hakeim, un quartier de romantisme à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel ! The apartment has a 20m² surface. It includes a bathroom with a shower, a basin and toilet and a well equipped kitchen. The highlight of the apartment is the view, which overlooks the Eiffel Tower. This romantic cocoon is bright, clean and convenient, ideal for a romantic and pleasant stay in the City of Light! Guests will have a limited access to the closet, but have enough space to store their belongings. I will be reachable at all times during the stay. Bir Hakeim, a romantic area close to the Eiffel Tower! The Bir-Hakeim district provides unparalleled proximity to the Iron Lady. This area is ideal for a romantic stroll in Paris. Shopping addicts will be delighted with the Beaugrenelle shopping center, inspired by the Parisian department stores and the ""street trade"" steps! The atmosphere of the neighborhood is pretty quiet but gives the sensation of being in a timeless place in Paris. One can come across businessm"
12247	Pleasant flat in a quiet and secure neighbourhood. Perfect to visit Paris. Close to bus (lines 88 and 89) and metro line 12 station Vaugirard or Volontaires.	Agréable studio situé dans un quartier calme et sécurisé du 15ème, proche de petits commerces. Idéal pour un séjour découverte de Paris à deux. Bus aux pieds du studio (lignes 88, 89). A proximité des métros Vaugirard et Volontaires (ligne 12). Pleasant flat in a quiet and secure neighbourhood. Perfect to visit Paris. Close to bus (lines 88 and 89) and metro line 12 station Vaugirard or Volontaires.
12248	"9th floor west oriented with balcony and large view over Paris (Eiffel Tower, Trocadéro) 2 lifts. Nice condo with gardens inside. Modern building. Quiet and sunny. Fully furnished. 1 bedroom with large bed, 1 living room with 1 sofa for 1 person + 1 bed for 1 person. 1 Bathroom +toilet,  Kitchen :  clothes washing and drying machine, dish washing machine, fridge. Coffee machine. micro-wave and Gas cooking. Air conditionning set in the leaving room for summer hot days. Central heating in (website hidden), Wi Fi. Free telephone for the US. Laptop with free internet. Quiet area, ""rive gauche"" (Métro Pasteur) nearby Montparnasse. 2 metro lines : direct Arc de Triomphe, Tour Eiffel and Montmartre. Montparnasse train station 7 mn walking, with direct trains for Versailles. 5 bus lines for the center of Paris (Pantheon, City Hall, grands magasins, Opéra...) You can visit Montparnasse, Invalides, Musée Bourdelle, Institut Pasteur just walking around. Various restaurants and food shops nearby :"	"9th floor west oriented with balcony and large view over Paris (Eiffel Tower, Trocadéro) 2 lifts. Nice condo with gardens inside. Modern building. Quiet and sunny. Fully furnished. 1 bedroom with large bed, 1 living room with 1 sofa for 1 person + 1 bed for 1 person. 1 Bathroom +toilet,  Kitchen :  clothes washing and drying machine, dish washing machine, fridge. Coffee machine. micro-wave and Gas cooking. Air conditionning set in the leaving room for summer hot days. Central heating in (website hidden), Wi Fi. Free telephone for the US. Laptop with free internet. Quiet area, ""rive gauche"" (Métro Pasteur) nearby Montparnasse. 2 metro lines : direct Arc de Triomphe, Tour Eiffel and Montmartre. Montparnasse train station 7 mn walking, with direct trains for Versailles. 5 bus lines for the center of Paris (Pantheon, City Hall, grands magasins, Opéra...) You can visit Montparnasse, Invalides, Musée Bourdelle, Institut Pasteur just walking around. Various restaurants and food shops nearby :"
12249	Nous partageons la même (website hidden) nous nous apprécions vous pourrez bénéficier de la cuisine pour votre petit-déjeuner.	Souvent en déplacement, je vous propose une chambre spacieuse au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, pour une nuit ou davantage. Conférencière en histoire de l'art, je pourrai guider vos choix selon vos envies,  durant votre séjour dans notre capitale. Nous partageons la même (website hidden) nous nous apprécions vous pourrez bénéficier de la cuisine pour votre petit-déjeuner. Nous partageons la même entrée. Conférencière en histoire de l'art, je me ferai un plaisir de les aider dans leur découverte de Paris Au pied de la Tour Montparnasse, à 8mn à pied de St-Germain des Près Très bien desservi en terme de transport en commun   métro sur le même trottoir: Falguière ligne 12 à 5 mn à pied: Montparnasse Bienvenue lignes 4-6-12-13 à 5 mn à pied: Duroc ligne 13 à 2mn à pied: bus: 28/ 89/ 92
12250	There are 2 sofas: one japanese futon on the ground and one click clac. Each sofa is for 2 people.  Sheets, Towels, soaps, hairdryer.  Building with large flowered entry , large window, sunny balcony.  Full of books, paints... Speed Wifi TV with 200 channels in all langages ( CNN )   you see Eiffel Tower  from down street ( i m on the other side of the building.)  no air cond. in Paris.	1 km from Eiffel Tower.  Central, access by all transports. Direct to Versailles, Champs Elysées, Quartier Latin... Grocery till 24 PM. Safe area, quiet building.  2 couches 2 places each. Wifi, english TV. Sunny balcony. Please see commentaries. There are 2 sofas: one japanese futon on the ground and one click clac. Each sofa is for 2 people.  Sheets, Towels, soaps, hairdryer.  Building with large flowered entry , large window, sunny balcony.  Full of books, paints... Speed Wifi TV with 200 channels in all langages ( CNN )   you see Eiffel Tower  from down street ( i m on the other side of the building.)  no air cond. in Paris. Entirely and exclusively yours; you are alone in the studio.  by phone and mail.    Eiffel Tower,( at 1,1km, 15 mn walking. ) , to picnic day or night!  Seine River, animated on summer.  Walking street . Cafés.  Ethnic Arts Museum.  New mall Beaugrenelle.  Traditional commercial district. Tennis.  Quiet area, and all lively districts at some minutes.   Bus 42 (
12251	Nice two rooms apartment in the center of Paris, in the nice trendy Commerce district, 15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is very functional: a large and bright bedroom with a double bed; a large living room with a living area and a dining area with 3 windows and an open outlook; a small but functional bathroom with a washing machine.	Two rooms apartment (43m2) in the 15th district of Paris, with everything you need. A sunny and comfortable bedroom and a large living room. 15min walk from the Eiffel Tower, public transportation, direct access to most of the best places in Paris. Nice two rooms apartment in the center of Paris, in the nice trendy Commerce district, 15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is very functional: a large and bright bedroom with a double bed; a large living room with a living area and a dining area with 3 windows and an open outlook; a small but functional bathroom with a washing machine. I would be very pleased to help you prepare your stay, and will send you all details before you arrive.  You are very welcome to ask for information, advices on nice tours and places in the area. Nice and quiet neighborhood with a lot of small shops (clothes, food, bakery, butcher...), supermarkets, restaurants with terraces, cafés. There is a big park just outside the building. The subway (line 8
12252		Superb apartment of 50m2 seen on the lathe effeil, with living room of 35m2, American cuisine. Connected apartment, the lights personnalisables, they react to the music, with your moods, single environment in its kind.
12253	2 rooms, double living-room, 2 bathrooms in a modern building fully equiped. Situated in Convention 15th district, south west of Paris. Possibility to rent a parking (30€ /week)	Enjoy a sunny and large (100 sq. m) and very calm apartment with a lot of shops down the street and subway station 2 min away by walk. 2 rooms, double living-room, 2 bathrooms in a modern building fully equiped. Situated in Convention 15th district, south west of Paris. Possibility to rent a parking (30€ /week)
12254	appartement de 48 m² au 1er étage sur cour d'un immeuble de charme. grande chambre avec un lit double (140 cm)  salon avec canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. salle de bain avec baignoire toilettes séparées Nous mettons à votre disposition tout le nécessaire pour que vous passiez un séjour agréable: cuisine, draps, serviettes de toilettes, lave linge, TV (TNT, canal +, BEIN sport), internet haut débit avec une connexion WIFI. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous aider à organiser votre séjour. Nous connaissons bien la ville, n'hésitez pas à nous demander conseil. A deux pas du champs de Mars la rue du Commerce est la plus agréable du quartier: restaurants, brasseries, commerces de proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, primeur, fromager, superette), mais aussi de nombreuses boutiques pour faire du shopping. A moins de 10 min à pied, vous pourrez rejoindre le tout nouveau centre commercial de Beaugrenelle. Vous pourrez également profiter du grand marché de grenel	appartement de 48 m² au 1er étage sur cour d'un immeuble de charme. grande chambre avec un lit double (140 cm)  salon avec canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. salle de bain avec baignoire toilettes séparées Nous mettons à votre disposition tout le nécessaire pour que vous passiez un séjour agréable: cuisine, draps, serviettes de toilettes, lave linge, TV (TNT, canal +, BEIN sport), internet haut débit avec une connexion WIFI. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous aider à organiser votre séjour. Nous connaissons bien la ville, n'hésitez pas à nous demander conseil. A deux pas du champs de Mars la rue du Commerce est la plus agréable du quartier: restaurants, brasseries, commerces de proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, primeur, fromager, superette), mais aussi de nombreuses boutiques pour faire du shopping. A moins de 10 min à pied, vous pourrez rejoindre le tout nouveau centre commercial de Beaugrenelle. Vous pourrez également profiter du grand marché de grenel
12255	Appartement très bien situé, au 3e étage (sans asc.), facile d'accès. Surface 38m² : 1 chambre avec 1 lit double, un salon avec un canapé lit très confortable pour 2, un WC et une kitchenette équipée séparés ainsi qu'une salle de bain.	Appartement parisien pratique et cosy. Une localisation idéale dans Paris : à 100m du metro Pasteur (ligne 6: direct Tour Eiffel et Champs Elysées et ligne 12: Tour Eiffel, Madeleine, Concorde, G. Lafayette) + 5 min à pieds de la gare Montparnasse. Appartement très bien situé, au 3e étage (sans asc.), facile d'accès. Surface 38m² : 1 chambre avec 1 lit double, un salon avec un canapé lit très confortable pour 2, un WC et une kitchenette équipée séparés ainsi qu'une salle de bain. Nos hôtes ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement (à l'exception d'un local fermé). Nous pouvons vous guider et répondre à toutes vos questions durant votre séjour. Vous aurez également un accès Wi-fi dans l'appartement. Notre quartier est très central dans le 15e arrondissement (à proximité de Montparnasse) et donne accès à tous commerces en bas de l'immeuble et à une supérette (coccimarket) et boulangerie, entre autres, juste en face pour de petites courses. L'appartement est idéalement situé : > à 100m du m
12256	Our flat is 48m2 and has 2 lovely balconies. It is an apartment located on the 3rd floor of a quiet building. The flat is looking south which allows amazing light all day. It consists of :  - 1 bedroom with a double bed and a balcony with Eiffel tower view - 1 main room with a sofa bed (for 2 people) and a balcony - 1 fully equipped kitchen - 1 separated bathroom Free wifi, TV.	We are renting our charming apartment in the 15th district Our flat is 48m2 and has 2 lovely balconies. It is an apartment located on the 3rd floor of a quiet building. The flat is looking south which allows amazing light all day. It consists of :  - 1 bedroom with a double bed and a balcony with Eiffel tower view - 1 main room with a sofa bed (for 2 people) and a balcony - 1 fully equipped kitchen - 1 separated bathroom Free wifi, TV. The 15th district is both beautiful and very safe. It is full of genuine food shops (best cheese maker in rue de Lourmel), amazing boulangeries and lovely parks (Trocadéro, André Citroën, Georges Brassens).  By walk : - The Eiffel Tower in 20 minutes  - Pont Mirabeau in 5 minutes - Beaugrenelle new mall in 5 minutes - Highline (Petite Ceinture promenade) 7 minutes - Aquaboulevard in 10 minutes The 15th district is both beautiful and very safe. It is full of genuine food shops (best cheese maker in rue de Lourmel), amazing boulangeries and lovely parks (T
12257	Il est extrêmement bien situé ( dans un quartier très agréable avec boutiques, restaurants, commerces) et  à côté d'une station de métro qui permet de se rendre partout dans PARIS très rapidement. Il est décoré avec beaucoup de raffinement et est équipé de tout le confort ( cuisine très bien équipée avec tous les appareils et un lave-vaisselle) 	Une suite de luxe dans un bel immeuble situé à proximité immédiate du champ de Mars et à quelques minutes de la Tour Eiffel.  Le quartier est très agréable (restaurants,boutiques,commerces...) il est très bien desservi par transport. Il est extrêmement bien situé ( dans un quartier très agréable avec boutiques, restaurants, commerces) et  à côté d'une station de métro qui permet de se rendre partout dans PARIS très rapidement. Il est décoré avec beaucoup de raffinement et est équipé de tout le confort ( cuisine très bien équipée avec tous les appareils et un lave-vaisselle) L'appartement est intégralement à disposition des locataires. Il est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Je serai là à leur arrivée pour les accueillir et si nécessaire leur donner quelques conseils pour profiter de PARIS. Je serai là à leur départ. Je serai disponible par téléphone pour répondre à toute question ou les aider en cas de problème. Il est très aéré avec un parc tout près....et la tour Eiffel à deux pas
12258		"A ten minute walk from the Eiffel Tower , near the metro ""La Motte Piquet de Grenelle"" , the apartment is ideally located for all lovers of Paris."
12259	Paris, 6th district (left bank), by Saint-Germain-des-Prés. My apartment is in a lovely building (the building I grew up in!) that is located in the very heart of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of Montparnasse. It is brand new, fully equipped and very quiet. Ideal to visit the city and perfect for a couple! The apartment is very close to many subway stations (Falguiere, Pasteur, Duroc, Montparnasse) and bus stops (phone number hidden), etc). The neighborhood includes several movie theaters and various shopping areas are within walking distance: the mall at the Montparnasse Tower, the very animated Rue de Rennes, and last but not least, the famous Le Bon Marché (the oldest department store in the world). There is a supermarket 50 meters away from the apartment, a corner store open until late within the building, a dry-cleaner across the street and 4 typical brasseries within a 100-meter distance. Distance to touristic attraction: Latin Quarter = 5 minutes walking Luxembourg Garden 	A very central studio in Montparnasse located across the street from a subway station, within walking distance to the Latin Quarter, the Eiffel Tower and the Alliance Française. Ideal for a romantic getaway in the most beautiful city! Get in touch... Paris, 6th district (left bank), by Saint-Germain-des-Prés. My apartment is in a lovely building (the building I grew up in!) that is located in the very heart of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of Montparnasse. It is brand new, fully equipped and very quiet. Ideal to visit the city and perfect for a couple! The apartment is very close to many subway stations (Falguiere, Pasteur, Duroc, Montparnasse) and bus stops (phone number hidden), etc). The neighborhood includes several movie theaters and various shopping areas are within walking distance: the mall at the Montparnasse Tower, the very animated Rue de Rennes, and last but not least, the famous Le Bon Marché (the oldest department store in the world). There is a supermarket 50 meter
12260	Fully-furnished and equipped apartment on 7th and top floor of building with elevator at Porte de Versailles metro stop in 15th district of Paris. Gets plenty of sunlight. One bedroom (sleeps 2), living/dining room with large pull-out couch (sleeps 2), kitchen, small bathroom with toilet and shower, and hardwood floors.  French doors in living room open onto a small but charming balcony that fits 2 for drinks or a meal, with view of the surrounding rooftops (we even have mini lawn chairs for lounging or tanning in the summer!). Living/dining room equipped with large flat-screen tv and table that fits 4 or extends to fit 6. Modest kitchen has 2 burners, small oven, microwave, fridge and mini-fridge for beverages.  Bathroom accessible through the bedroom.  Shutters in bedroom and living room can be closed for late risers who like to sleep in the dark.   Traffic noise reaches our double glazing windows in the morning, so if you're sensitive to noise or plan to wake up late, it might help 	Feel right at home in our bright and cozy one bedroom apartment with hardwood floors.  Fits 2-4 and conveniently located close to the essentials (groceries, public transport, restaurants, shopping). Just 15-mns by metro from the Eiffel Tower! Fully-furnished and equipped apartment on 7th and top floor of building with elevator at Porte de Versailles metro stop in 15th district of Paris. Gets plenty of sunlight. One bedroom (sleeps 2), living/dining room with large pull-out couch (sleeps 2), kitchen, small bathroom with toilet and shower, and hardwood floors.  French doors in living room open onto a small but charming balcony that fits 2 for drinks or a meal, with view of the surrounding rooftops (we even have mini lawn chairs for lounging or tanning in the summer!). Living/dining room equipped with large flat-screen tv and table that fits 4 or extends to fit 6. Modest kitchen has 2 burners, small oven, microwave, fridge and mini-fridge for beverages.  Bathroom accessible through the be
12261		Nice and quiet apartment with modern equipment perfectly situated in VX. Spotted near by Rue du Commerce with all shops around. 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. 3 metro stations within 2 min walk.
12262	This 710ft2 apartment is located a few steps from the Place Charles Michels on the 5th floor with elevator of a modern building in the nicest part of the15th arrondissement of Paris.  It has a large living room with a very comfortable sofa bed for 2, fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath, separate toilet and a lovely bright and quiet bedroom with a double bed and a private balcony!  On the living room side, another large balcony of 85 ft2 allows you to brunch, lunch or dinner outside. The building is very secure and has a digital lock, an access badge and a keeper.  A parking space is available in the basement of the building during your stay if you are visiting Paris by car.  	710ft2 apartment located just few steps from the Seine in the Beaugrenelle district.  Large and bright living room, well equiped kitchen, bathroom with tub, large bedroom, 2 balconies and a parking place. Ideal for your stay in Paris ! This 710ft2 apartment is located a few steps from the Place Charles Michels on the 5th floor with elevator of a modern building in the nicest part of the15th arrondissement of Paris.  It has a large living room with a very comfortable sofa bed for 2, fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath, separate toilet and a lovely bright and quiet bedroom with a double bed and a private balcony!  On the living room side, another large balcony of 85 ft2 allows you to brunch, lunch or dinner outside. The building is very secure and has a digital lock, an access badge and a keeper.  A parking space is available in the basement of the building during your stay if you are visiting Paris by car.  Guests have access to the entire apartment and its equipment: well equi
12263	Appartement harmonieux où on se sent bien de suite.	Bel appartement parisien, proche Tour Eiffel ( 15mn à pied ), Aquaboulevard et centre commercial Beaugrenelle.  45m2, 2 pièces, cuisine ouverte, balcon. Facile d'acces transports en communs ( lignes 8 et 10 ou RER C, tram T3 ). Appartement harmonieux où on se sent bien de suite. Accès à toutes les parties du logement.  WC séparé de la salle de bain.
12264	A modern cosy Studio in a building located Portes de Versailles at 1 min from the metro station Portes de versailles. Perfect for the Professional exhibiting at the salon porte de Versailles. The Flat consists of:  - A cosy living room. It consists of a modern sofa bed suitable for two persons, with a romantic dining table for two.  - A fully equipped kitchen. You can find mirco-wave, oven, washing machine, Glasses, Plates, Kettle, Coffee Maker, Cooking Utensils, grill and a toaster.    - 1 bathroom with a, shower, Toilet, towels, hair dryer, shampoo and soap. The flat is so tidy, warm and clean.  Living room: Internet connexion by WiFi/cable.   Dinner table with 2 chairs  Sofa bed Small table Bathroom  Shower Towels  Hair dryer  Toilet Soap and shampoo Kitchen  Oven  Microwave  Washing machine  Kettle  Toaster  Coffee machine  Glasses and plates Cooking utensils Building centralized  Electric heating in bathrooms	A modern cosy Studio in a building located in at 2 min from the Salon des exposition Porte de Versailles at 50 m from the metro. The Flat consists of a living room, Bathroom and kitchen. A modern cosy Studio in a building located Portes de Versailles at 1 min from the metro station Portes de versailles. Perfect for the Professional exhibiting at the salon porte de Versailles. The Flat consists of:  - A cosy living room. It consists of a modern sofa bed suitable for two persons, with a romantic dining table for two.  - A fully equipped kitchen. You can find mirco-wave, oven, washing machine, Glasses, Plates, Kettle, Coffee Maker, Cooking Utensils, grill and a toaster.    - 1 bathroom with a, shower, Toilet, towels, hair dryer, shampoo and soap. The flat is so tidy, warm and clean.  Living room: Internet connexion by WiFi/cable.   Dinner table with 2 chairs  Sofa bed Small table Bathroom  Shower Towels  Hair dryer  Toilet Soap and shampoo Kitchen  Oven  Microwave  Washing machine  Kettle
12265	Very near to metro stop. You have as well cars station and bikes to rent in front of the building.  The Eiffel Tower is really near if you enjoy walking (30 min walk), even less if you enjoy bike riding!!	"Nice apart. 32m2 comfortable, bright, Little view to the Eiffel Tower, location (75015 Paris) in a nice building (with security code), on the 5th floor (elevator). Entrance hall, bright living room, kitchen with dining area (4 p.), separate bathroom. Very near to metro stop. You have as well cars station and bikes to rent in front of the building.  The Eiffel Tower is really near if you enjoy walking (30 min walk), even less if you enjoy bike riding!! You have Access to all the apartment We will be available to help you in any case you require it. You have lot of bars and restaurants to enjoy and spend your time near the building. Many transports you can choose near the building. Very easy to arrive to all the turistic zones. If you love doing sport, you have a nice Park and a Sport Club at only 5 minutes walking. You can find as well the Aquatic Park ""Aquaboulevard"" with swimming pools and sand beach."
12266	Vous bénéficiez d'un appart-hôtel et des services associés en toute liberté et à un prix Airbnb !! L'hotel Adagio (3*) est situé à proximité d parc des expos de Paris et très bien desservi. 	Propriétaire en temps partagé de semaines à l'hôtel Adagio Paris Expo pte Versailles (15ème), je souhaite les louer, 2 pièces, 4 pers Sem 38 : 12 au 19 sept 2015 Sem 42 : 1à au 17 oct 2015 Tous les services de l'hôtel sont inclus. Vous bénéficiez d'un appart-hôtel et des services associés en toute liberté et à un prix Airbnb !! L'hotel Adagio (3*) est situé à proximité d parc des expos de Paris et très bien desservi. Vous etes chez vous ! un véritable T2 pour 4 personnes et tous les services hôteliers (draps, serviettes, et ménage en fin de séjour) Il vous suffit de me contacter et je donnerai vos coord à l'hôtel qui vous accueillera comme tous ses clients. Bcp d'activités dans le quartier, proximité Parc des expos, Centre G. Pompidou, et accès à tout Paris Metro  et bus au pied de l'hôtel Métro, bus, Tramways, taxis au pied de l'hôtel
12267	Un appartement de caractère qui offre tout le confort possible pour passer un séjour agréable à Paris.  Il se compose d'une grande chambre pour deux, d'une cuisine ouverte sur un salon-bureau. Le salon possède un canapé convertible pouvant accueillir deux voyageurs.  Un matelas gonflable peut servir d'appoint pour 2 voyageurs supplémentaires mais d'un confort moindre bien sûr.	Un appartement de caractère qui offre tout le confort possible pour passer un séjour agréable à Paris.  Il se compose d'une grande chambre pour deux, d'une cuisine ouverte sur un salon-bureau. Le salon possède un canapé convertible pouvant accueillir deux voyageurs.  Un matelas gonflable peut servir d'appoint pour 2 voyageurs supplémentaires mais d'un confort moindre bien sûr. Les voyageurs pourront profiter de l'ensemble de l'appartement, notre maison deviendra leur maison le temps de leur séjour.  ( L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenceur. ) Nous serons disponibles pour accueillir et donner des conseils sur Paris et les monuments à y visiter! Nous ne serons pas dans le logement mais nous serons disponibles tout le long du séjour pour toute question. Le quartier est plutôt résidentiel et calme, avec de nombreuses brasseries et restaurants. Le coeur de Paris est très vite atteint en métro ou en vélib ! Le logement est situé à l'arrêt Balard de la ligne 8 du métro et la lig
12268	The apartment offers a large room with comfy sofa-bed for two, a flat screen TV equipped with satellite channels, free wireless high-speed Internet access, a double size bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a 20th century building.	The apartment offers a large room with comfy sofa-bed for two, a flat screen TV equipped with satellite channels, free wireless high-speed Internet access, a double size bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a 20th century building. Excellent neighborhood: Safe and very central, lots of restaurants, bistros, grocerie stores (supermarchés),.. - Metro station Boucicaut (Metro Line 8) - Bus Station Felix Faure (Bus 62) - Bus Station Lourmel-Felix Faure (Bus 42) - Tram Station Balard (Tram T3a) 
12269	We've stayed at many Airbnb places and most were used only for rent and even though they were equipped, they were sometimes cold. Our place includes all the small stuff that will make you feel home. We want you to feel like when you stay at a friend's place. ** For whom** Ideal for a single person, a couple or a couple with one or two children (who could sleep in the living room, the couch becomes a real bed once unfold). 2 couples / 4 people can also make it. **Our plus** - the building is one century old and the flat has a really nice vintage style (wooden floor, high and decorated ceiling...), typically parisian. - fully equipped (for eating, cooking, washing machine, dishwasher, flatiron, hairdryer…) - the metro lines at the end of the street brings you directly to major touristic places like Orsay Museum, Quai Branly, Invalides, Notre Dame Cathedral, Champs Elysées and Versailles Palace. And the Eiffel Tower at a 10 minutes walk. **We go the extra mile** You'll have booklets: - Th	Hello! We're Justine and Emmanuel, a 28 year old couple. After a couple of Airbnb places as a tourist, we decided to rent our flat when we're leaving town. So it's really our own flat, fully equipped: authenticity guaranteed! We've stayed at many Airbnb places and most were used only for rent and even though they were equipped, they were sometimes cold. Our place includes all the small stuff that will make you feel home. We want you to feel like when you stay at a friend's place. ** For whom** Ideal for a single person, a couple or a couple with one or two children (who could sleep in the living room, the couch becomes a real bed once unfold). 2 couples / 4 people can also make it. **Our plus** - the building is one century old and the flat has a really nice vintage style (wooden floor, high and decorated ceiling...), typically parisian. - fully equipped (for eating, cooking, washing machine, dishwasher, flatiron, hairdryer…) - the metro lines at the end of the street brings you direct
12270	Typical Parisian apartment located in the 15th arrondissement.	Our charming 3 rooms' appartment nearby the Eiffel tower is perfect for a trip in Paris for friends and couples. With its 2 bedrooms, it can host 4 people in the calm and friendly 15 th arrondissement from which you can easily join any part of Paris Typical Parisian apartment located in the 15th arrondissement. The 15th area is a very pleasant place where there are a lot of parks and gardens. A lot of shops, restaurants and bars are really nearby. Eiffel tower is only 10 minutes by walk frome the apartement and you can see it from the balcony ! You are going to really enjoy this beautiful area of Paris ! A lot of means of transport are really nearby (metro, buses, bikes).
12271	"Bright studio, quiet, renovated, design, WIFI and TV equipment.  Commerce Metro line 8 50 meters, line 6 La Motte Piquet 5 minutes walk and line 10 Emile Zola 3 minutes walk.  Located on the 5th and last floor in a quiet condominium in the 15th district, with door code and interphone.  Equipped with two large velux, the studio is very bright and quiet, renovated and well arranged  Ideal for 2, with a real bed 140 * 200.  The studio has a washing machine, kitchen (fridge, stove, microwave, toaster, coffee maker nespresso ...) bathroom (bath, washbasin, toilet), flat screen TV, Internet WIFI.  You have everything you need at the door of the building, namely the very pleasant market Motte Picquet Grenelle and shops: 2 supermarkets less than 30 m, pharmacist, bakers, tobacco, butcher, fishmonger, with Commerce Street for shopping.  Sheets, towels and crockery provided.  Metro closed to the studio : ""Commerce"" L8  "	Nice flat under the Parisian rooftops.  For 2, ideally located in the heart of the 15th near from Rue du Commerce and 2 stops from the Eiffel Tower.  Equipped kitchen, washing machine, TV Bright studio, quiet, renovated, design, WIFI and TV equipment.  Commerce Metro line 8 50 meters, line 6 La Motte Piquet 5 minutes walk and line 10 Emile Zola 3 minutes walk.  Located on the 5th and last floor in a quiet condominium in the 15th district, with door code and interphone.  Equipped with two large velux, the studio is very bright and quiet, renovated and well arranged  Ideal for 2, with a real bed 140 * 200.  The studio has a washing machine, kitchen (fridge, stove, microwave, toaster, coffee maker nespresso ...) bathroom (bath, washbasin, toilet), flat screen TV, Internet WIFI.  You have everything you need at the door of the building, namely the very pleasant market Motte Picquet Grenelle and shops: 2 supermarkets less than 30 m, pharmacist, bakers, tobacco, butcher, fishmonger, with Com
12272	Appartement au dernier etage dans une construction recente pres du Parc Georges Brassens ( 2min) . Deux chambres a coucher et un salon qui peut recevoir 2 autres couchages. Pres des stations de métro et bus, calme . Disponible en juillet et Aout	Appartement au dernier etage dans une construction recente pres du Parc Georges Brassens ( 2min) . Deux chambres a coucher et un salon qui peut recevoir 2 autres couchages. Pres des stations de métro et bus, calme . Disponible en Aout
12273	"This flat is perfect for a family or a group of friends, up to 6 people. * First bedroom ""Seine view"" - A double bed - 2 closets * Second bedroom ""Seine view"" - Two single beds - 1 closet *More available  - an extra bendable mattress - a crib * Living room - A big sofa ( which can serve as an extra bed for one person) - Television -WIFI - Dining area - and still, amazing view * Kitchen well furnished : American-style fridge/freezer, oven, microwave, hot plate, dishwasher, washing machine, dishes... *  Bathroom with Italian shower, separate WC. * covered parking with lift service to the flat (additional deposit needed)  "	"Beautifully situated, a few meters away from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, this well-furnished apartment is at the 29th floor of a modern building.  You will be welcomed in a spacious flat with stunning views. This flat is perfect for a family or a group of friends, up to 6 people. * First bedroom ""Seine view"" - A double bed - 2 closets * Second bedroom ""Seine view"" - Two single beds - 1 closet *More available  - an extra bendable mattress - a crib * Living room - A big sofa ( which can serve as an extra bed for one person) - Television -WIFI - Dining area - and still, amazing view * Kitchen well furnished : American-style fridge/freezer, oven, microwave, hot plate, dishwasher, washing machine, dishes... *  Bathroom with Italian shower, separate WC. * covered parking with lift service to the flat (additional deposit needed)  Ideal location for touring the main monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining.  The flat is only a few meters away from the Eiffel Tower, Musée du Qu"
12274		Je profite des jours fériés pour voyager.  Je vous propose donc de profiter de mon appartement pour visiter Paris Date :  30avril au 03 mai  14 au 17 mai 22 au 25 mai  Pas très grand, cet appartement est parfait pour les curieux qui ne souhaite pas rester enfermés. Pas loin de porte de versaille Rue de commerce pour faire du Shopping Métro Lourmel
12275		Studio rénové à 5 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel .  1 Grand Lit + 1 canapé
12276	Situé dans le rue Duranton, rue calme à 2 pas du métro Boucicaut (L8) Au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, cheminée, parquet ancien dans un immeuble cosy! 2 pièces: -1 chambre à coucher avec un lit double - 1 salon avec un canapé-lit - 1 cuisine équipée: four à mirco-onde, plaque électrique, machine à lavée - 1 salle de douche 	Ce deux pièces dans un appartement typique Parisien, ( étudiante en mode), Parquet, à 2 pas du métro Boucicaut (L8)! et 10 min de la Tour Eiffel en metro ou en velo! Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes mais idéal pour 2 Rue calme, wifi, cuisine Situé dans le rue Duranton, rue calme à 2 pas du métro Boucicaut (L8) Au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, cheminée, parquet ancien dans un immeuble cosy! 2 pièces: -1 chambre à coucher avec un lit double - 1 salon avec un canapé-lit - 1 cuisine équipée: four à mirco-onde, plaque électrique, machine à lavée - 1 salle de douche Les voyageurs auront à leur disposition l'appartement entier. Les voyageurs pourront me contacter quand ils voudront par téléphone. Je serai présente par téléphone, et au moindre souci, vous pourrez contacter ma gardienne, Jessica, jeune et dynamique qui pourra répondre à tous vos soucis!
12277	L'appartement propose une chambre séparée, un salon muni d'un canapé-lit donnant sur une cuisine américaine, et une salle de bain. Jetez un oeil aux lumières de la tour Eiffel depuis le salon, après une longue journée de visite pour prolonger l'expérience Parisienne. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- My flat is composed of 1 bedroom, 1 living room (with convertible coach) with an open kitchen, 1 bathroom. Give a glance at the Eiffel Tower after a great day of visit will assure you a perfect Parisienne experience.	Venez découvrir mon charmant appartement dans le sud de Paris. La petite vue Tour Eiffel vous mettra immédiatement dans l'ambiance. Metro 12, 8, Tram T2, Bus, mènent ici. Muni d'une chambre séparée, d'un canapé-lit, et de Airbed sur demande. L'appartement propose une chambre séparée, un salon muni d'un canapé-lit donnant sur une cuisine américaine, et une salle de bain. Jetez un oeil aux lumières de la tour Eiffel depuis le salon, après une longue journée de visite pour prolonger l'expérience Parisienne. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- My flat is composed of 1 bedroom, 1 living room (with convertible coach) with an open kitchen, 1 bathroom. Give a glance at the Eiffel Tower after a great day of visit will assure you a perfect Parisienne experience. Tout l'appartement est accessible sans restriction, du moment que vous le soignez comme-ci c'était le votre. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
12278	5 minutes walk to metro lines 4, 6, 10, 13, and 14 for easy access anywhere in Paris! 15 minutes by train from Eiffel Tower. 15 minutes walk to Jardin du Luxembourg.  Plenty of restaurants and cafés nearby. Major view of the Eiffel Tower on the next street. We will give you recommendations for restaurants nearby.  Filled with bright light, the apartment feels spacious and warm in the sunlight. At night the lighting allows for a cozy, romantic ambiance. The bedroom sleeps two on a queen size memory foam bed with 95% duck feather down comforter. The large and comfortable couch sleeps one, ideal for a child or a third-guest.  The kitchen is well-equipped if you would like to cook. Basic breakfast foods are available including eggs and bacon in the fridge.	Location, Location, Location! 3-minute walking distance from FIVE major metro lines and a major Paris train station gives you SUPERB ACCESS around Paris! Comfortable, cozy apartment that is always full of light! 5 minutes walk to metro lines 4, 6, 10, 13, and 14 for easy access anywhere in Paris! 15 minutes by train from Eiffel Tower. 15 minutes walk to Jardin du Luxembourg.  Plenty of restaurants and cafés nearby. Major view of the Eiffel Tower on the next street. We will give you recommendations for restaurants nearby.  Filled with bright light, the apartment feels spacious and warm in the sunlight. At night the lighting allows for a cozy, romantic ambiance. The bedroom sleeps two on a queen size memory foam bed with 95% duck feather down comforter. The large and comfortable couch sleeps one, ideal for a child or a third-guest.  The kitchen is well-equipped if you would like to cook. Basic breakfast foods are available including eggs and bacon in the fridge. You are welcome to use ev
12279	Parisian apartment with moldings, fireplace and its height under ceiling	"We propose our lovely bedroom with own bathroom  to Airbnb guests Just a 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower, located in the chic 15th arrondissement, just 1 minute away from champs de Mars    Parisian apartment with moldings, fireplace and its height under ceiling The location:  -  Just few minutes  walk from the EIFFEL TOWER and Champ de Mars  - 15 minutes walk from Invalides and some famous museums  - Metro and  bus stops are in 1 minutes walk. - 10 min by bus or 20 minutes walk to Champs Elysees, Concord, musee du Louvre, Notre Dame  - lots of restaurants just around  - supermarkets, souvenir shops, baker's, grocery shops, drug stores just around the apartment is 200m from subway ""motte picquet"" that has three different railway (6, 8 and 10) The apartment is in ground floor in a quiet street in front of a luxury hotel, the room facing the street"
12280		Appartement spacieux de 65 m2, au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, d'un immeuble de style haussmanien. Appartement très lumineux et bien équipé situé rue de la Convention près de toutes commodités. Métro Boucicaut  en bas de l'immeuble, monoprix, tabac.. Metro ligne 8 en bas de l'immeuble (arrêt boucicaut)  Bus 62, également en bas de l'immeuble Tram T3 a à proximité
12281	It is an accommodation cosy and decorated carefully. We feel there very at once! Inflatable mattress available for 2 more persons. Towels and sheets available	It is an accommodation cosy and decorated carefully. We feel there very at once! Inflatable mattress available for 2 more persons. Towels and sheets available Wash machine & towels Shops, subway/bus stations. Closeness of the Eiffel Tower and the St Germain des Prés Subway : Avenue Emile Zola /Motte  Piquet / Commerce / Dupleix Bus : 80  / 42 ...
12282	Beautiful area with comfortable, shower room, kitchen ... Quiet, with all shops, bus and metro nearby. Vélib location on the street. 7mns at Porte de Versailles, Parc des Expositions and the Palais des Sports. 10mins attractions (Eiffel Tower, Trocadero ...) Provision of a computer and WiFi, Cable TV service. Beautiful space LOFT style, ideal young couple or friends. Safe is possible. Access ground floor (no stairs) Breakfast with sup...	Belle surface de 50m² style loft + 1 chambre Quartier agréable, proche toutes commodités (metro, bus, tramway, vélib) Proximité de la porte de versailles, du Parc des expositions et palais des Sports. Sites touristiques à 15mns à pied (Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro...) Beautiful area with comfortable, shower room, kitchen ... Quiet, with all shops, bus and metro nearby. Vélib location on the street. 7mns at Porte de Versailles, Parc des Expositions and the Palais des Sports. 10mins attractions (Eiffel Tower, Trocadero ...) Provision of a computer and WiFi, Cable TV service. Beautiful space LOFT style, ideal young couple or friends. Safe is possible. Access ground floor (no stairs) Breakfast with sup...
12283	"This 28 square meters apartment is only few steps away from the metro ""Convention"" and close to shops and restaurants. The studio is located on the second floor with a lift. It has a large balcony overlooking gardens, a living room with parquet floor and a large bed (160 * 200 cm) and a fully furnished kitchen."	"This studio offers a beautiful view of a garden. It can accommodate 2 people (ideal for a couple). Only few steps away from ""rue de Vaugirard"" and the metro station ""convention"". There is a large balcony to a very quiet street. This 28 square meters apartment is only few steps away from the metro ""Convention"" and close to shops and restaurants. The studio is located on the second floor with a lift. It has a large balcony overlooking gardens, a living room with parquet floor and a large bed (160 * 200 cm) and a fully furnished kitchen. There are many shops, restaurants and cinemas nearby. Metro Convention (line 12), metro Boucicaut (line 8) and Bus 80 (Montmartre ->Paris centre -> Pont d'Alma -> Champs Elysées)"
12284	This is a 5th floor apartment with elevator, Hausmanian style which is the charm of Paris buildings, located in one of  the touristic and safe areas in Paris. The flat of 26 square meters includes 1 living room, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen and 1 balcony. There is a very comfortable double sofa bed in the living room, here is where you will go to sleep. The clean sheet and pillow are always prepared for you.  The nearest underground station( Line 6: Cambronne) is only 2 minutes walking distance.  I will try to be as flexible as possible with the check-in time. 	would enjoy a lot to host you for one night or more and share our flat with you.
12285	Separate bedroom for 2 pers.  Living room with sofa = bed for 2 people. Big dinner table, big shower	"Hi, I have lived in Paris all my Life and love my city. Had to move to Geneva for my work and wanted to keep a foot in Paris. I have now my lovely 40 m2 flat (4 beds) empty most of the time and completely renovated (renovation ended October 2014.  Separate bedroom for 2 pers.  Living room with sofa = bed for 2 people. Big dinner table, big shower Close to 2 Metro lines: Line 8 = station ""Boucicault"" Line 10 = station ""Charles Michels"" unfortunately not much, since I live in Geneva and am not able to give the keys myself. So, I guess the concierge will do a good job Same block as rue Saint Charles.  Lively shopping street with many restaurants and shops and also from the street rue St Charles a beautiful view over the Eiffel Tower Close to 2 Metro lines: Line 8 = station ""Boucicault"" Line 10 = station ""Charles Michels"" Hyper clean, quite, simple and easy. Not many personal things since I am only there on some weekends"
12286	Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 4th floor (without elevator)  Subway: DUPLEX (line 6) or LA MOTTE PIQUET (line 6). Surface area: 333 sq.ft. / 32m2 Very convenient location for tourism but also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipments & services in the apartment will be appreciated. The owner of this property works in the Tourism industry in Paris - and takes good care of his guests. LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Station is DUPLEX (line 6) or LA MOTTE PIQUET (line 6). PROPERTY  Apt renovated in Dec 2011. - A bedroom with a Queen Size Bed + 	A great Parisian apartment close to the Eiffel Tower. Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 4th floor (without elevator)  Subway: DUPLEX (line 6) or LA MOTTE PIQUET (line 6). Surface area: 333 sq.ft. / 32m2 Very convenient location for tourism but also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipments & services in the apartment will be appreciated. The owner of this property works in the Tourism industry in Paris - and takes good care of his guests. LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Station is DUPLEX (line 6) or LA MOTTE PIQUET (line 6). PROPERTY  Apt renov
12287		Deux pièces très calme situé à deux pas des commerces et du métro, dans un quartier animé. Peut loger au maximum 4 personnes.  Cuisine équipée, petite salle de bain. Non fumeur Animaux non acceptés Metro 12 convention Non fumeur Animaux non acceptés
12288	Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 2nd floor (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor)  Subway: Dupleix (metro) Surface area: 398 sq.ft. / 37m2 Very convenient location for tourism but also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipments & services in the apartment will be appreciated.  LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Station is DUPLEIX (line 6). PROPERTY  Apt fully renovated in Nov 2011. - A bedroom with a Queen Size Bed + A comfortable sofa bed in the living room. - Hardwood floors - Double paned windows (no street noise) - He	A great Parisian apartment close to the Eiffel Tower. Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 2nd floor (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor)  Subway: Dupleix (metro) Surface area: 398 sq.ft. / 37m2 Very convenient location for tourism but also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipments & services in the apartment will be appreciated.  LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Station is DUPLEIX (line 6). PROPERTY  Apt fully renovated in Nov 2011. - A bedroom with a Queen Size Bed + A comfortable sofa bed in the living room. - Hardwoo
12289	Studio 16m² and entirely renovated. The kitchen and the bathroom are totally equipped (washing machine and dryer, oven, fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, all cookware) The apartment is well furnished and very cozy with a very comfortable, extra quality sofa bed. It is located on the ground floor in a very quiet street and a nice area of the 15th arrondissement of Paris. 	"Studio 16m² and entirely renovated. The kitchen and the bathroom are totally equipped (washing machine and dryer, oven, fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, all cookware) The apartment is well furnished and very cozy with a very comfortable, extra quality sofa bed. It is located on the ground floor in a very quiet street and a nice area of the 15th arrondissement of Paris. The whole apartment is available to tenants who will enjoy it freely.  Clean linens and towels are provided. I will be there to welcome you on your arrival and departure as well.  I will be of course reachable at any time during your stay if necessary. The neighborhood is very quiet and very well attended.  Close to all amenities, bakery, cafes, restaurants, supermarket.  very close to the bustling neighborhood ""Convention"", ""Commerce"" or to the new ""Beaugrenelle"" commercial center. Also close to the Eiffel Tower. The accommodation is located near the métro station ""Boucicaut"" Line 08, or ""Convention"" "
12290	Pour quelques jours ou plus, profitez d’un appartement chaleureux et lumineux, idéalement situé dans un immeuble bourgeois parisien.  L’appartement a une surface de 26m² comprenant une pièce principale (séjour et espace dînatoire), 1 salle d’eau avec douche et toilettes, et une cuisine entièrement équipée. Merci de noter que cet appartement est « prêt à vivre ».  Il a été rénové en 2011, le mobilier et les équipements sont entièrement neufs.  Les ustensiles de cuisine sont fournis dans l’appartement.  Il y a 1 grand lit double de 140 x 200 cm (2 personnes) et un canapé-lit de 140 x 200 cm (2 personnes).   Votre appartement au pied de la Tour Eiffel!  Cet appartement situé sur l’avenue Buenos-Ayres vous permettra de profiter d’une vue imprenable sur la Tour-Eiffel pendant toute la durée de votre séjour : vous êtes en effet à 300 mètres du monument incontournable de la ville de Paris.  Vous pourrez également profiter du Champs de Mars, du Musée du Quai Branly (9 minutes à pied), du parc 	"This flat is indeed 300 meters from The Eiffel Tower!Your place is real close to train stations - "" Champs de Mars-Tour Eiffel"" (RER) - 5 minutes walk and ""Bir-Hakeim"" (Metro) - 6 minutes walk.  From this flat there is the Musée du Quai Branly."
12291	Experience Paris as a Parisian! Enjoy the freedom of a Parisian apartment and the amenities of an upscale hotel.  Only 2 minutes walking from the metro station Cambronne, this recently renovated and tastefully decorated elaborately by the interior designer Brigitte Rob studio in the popular 15th neighborhood. Teak parquet flooring, plaster ceiling.  This cozy studio is located on the ground floor in a beautifully landscaped courtyard of Paris and is easily accessible even with heavy luggage.  Like in many flats in Paris the bathroom is located outside the home, but is used exclusively by the tenants of the studio. The bathroom is, like the studio, located in the courtyard just opposite of the studio. The flat is 2,93m high. The surface of the flat is 8 square meters, the surface of the bathroom is 2 square meters. The flat is perfect for 1 person, maximum 2. When the sofa bed is opened there is not very much space left. However it works when you are a tourist and use the flat only for 	Experience Paris as a Parisian! Enjoy the freedom of a Parisian apartment and the amenities of an upscale hotel. Experience Paris as a Parisian! Enjoy the freedom of a Parisian apartment and the amenities of an upscale hotel.  Only 2 minutes walking from the metro station Cambronne, this recently renovated and tastefully decorated elaborately by the interior designer Brigitte Rob studio in the popular 15th neighborhood. Teak parquet flooring, plaster ceiling.  This cozy studio is located on the ground floor in a beautifully landscaped courtyard of Paris and is easily accessible even with heavy luggage.  Like in many flats in Paris the bathroom is located outside the home, but is used exclusively by the tenants of the studio. The bathroom is, like the studio, located in the courtyard just opposite of the studio. The flat is 2,93m high. The surface of the flat is 8 square meters, the surface of the bathroom is 2 square meters. The flat is perfect for 1 person, maximum 2. When the sofa be
12292	It's a really nice flat, the living room was recently painted and is fully equipped. There is an extra mattress to put on the floor if needed. You can use the TV and the washing machine (which is also a drier)	With a closed bedroom and a living room with an open kitchen (32m2) , it's the perfect place for 2 people who want to visit Paris or just relax in the capital. The subway is really close by and it's really easy to go to all touristics places It's a really nice flat, the living room was recently painted and is fully equipped. There is an extra mattress to put on the floor if needed. You can use the TV and the washing machine (which is also a drier) The 15th is a really nice neighborhood with an easy access to all touristic places (15min to the Eiffel Tower, 30 to Montmartre and 20 minutes to Notre-Dame). There is a lot of shops, restaurants around the flat and a market around the corner. The subway is really near by and a lot of buses pass in the same street
12293		    Petit studio de 20m2 dans une résidence calme et protégée par un digicode. Il est situé à 15 minutes à pied du champs de Mars/ Tour Eiffel. La rue commerçante aux abords est sympathique et les métros sont proches. Le studio est au 5 étage(ascenseur)   
12294	Studio 17 m2 parfait pour couple.  Dans maison indépendante dans cour intérieur très calme. Avec canapé et un lit avec un vrai matelas très confortable de 140(il faut venir avec une housse de couette, un drap housse pour le matelas. Prend également une serviette de toilette). Cuisine tout équipée pour cuisiner et faire un bon petit déjeuné!(machine senseo à disposition) Accès facile pour les monuments les plus touristiques. (Champs élysées, Tour eiffel, les invalides, l'opéra) 	Studio 17 m2 parfait pour couple.  Avec canapé et un lit avec un vrai matelas très confortable. 10 minutes de la tour effeil, 1 minute du mètro Dupleix( L.6) et 5 minutes de La Motte Picquet-Grenelle(L.6,10 et 8).    Studio 17 m2 parfait pour couple.  Dans maison indépendante dans cour intérieur très calme. Avec canapé et un lit avec un vrai matelas très confortable de 140(il faut venir avec une housse de couette, un drap housse pour le matelas. Prend également une serviette de toilette). Cuisine tout équipée pour cuisiner et faire un bon petit déjeuné!(machine senseo à disposition) Accès facile pour les monuments les plus touristiques. (Champs élysées, Tour eiffel, les invalides, l'opéra) 10 minutes de la tour effeil à pied, 1 minute du mètro Dupleix( L.6) et 5 minutes de La Motte Picquet-Grenelle(L.6,10 et 8). RER C à 5/10minutes(un arrêt de métro) Sur place ou par téléphone. Plein de bon plan à partager! :) (English speakers: do not hesitate to ask for informations) Quartier très vi
12295	This calm studio is situated in the city's most populous arrondissement, the 15th. It is situated on the Rive Gauche (left bank) of the River Seine and sharing the Montparnasse district with the 6th and 14th arrondissements. The Montparnasse Tower is the tallest skyscraper in Paris. Facing the Eiffel Tower, it is the best location for admire the loveliest monuments of the city. The 15th district is served by metro lines 6, 8, 10, 12 and 13. Overall, the district is served by 22 stations.	Located in a quiet area, this nice studio is situated at the 5th floor (via elevator) and it can host a maximum of 4 guests. Two big windows faced a peaceful courtyard make this studio very bright and calm. It's small but very functional. It's equipp Entire apartment Always available Tube station Boucicaut (line 8) at 100 meters
12296		"Chambre à louer. Appartement de charme. Bel Immeuble. Lit en 140, Wifi, dressing bibliothèque et secrétaire. Rue calme. Commerces, bus et métro ""Convention"" à 3'. Salon, TV et cuisine à disposition. Petit déjeuner inclus."
12297	Comfortable apartment. Ideal for one couple. 6th floor with elevator	Recently renovated, fully-fitted apartment, located in a quiet street, nice typical building. Shops, restaurants and cinema around. Direct bus to Montparnasse Station, Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Comfortable apartment. Ideal for one couple. 6th floor with elevator Owner available to help you during your stay. Spoken language : french, english Nice area, many shops Subway : Convention Line 12 (6 minutes from Montparnasse Station) Buses 95 or 89
12298	您好， 特色服务： - 免费提供早餐。午餐晚餐可以自己做。 - 免费供应依云矿泉水。 - 免费提供专业的线路指导（老板娘为旅游专业出身）。 - 免费提供座机无限制打国内固话和手机。	本家庭客栈干净整洁，温馨安静。 地处巴黎市中心繁华地段，为3条地铁线（6号，8号，10号）的交汇处，交通可谓非常之便利： - 您甚至只需步行7分钟就可以到达战神广场以及铁塔。 - 200米外有地铁站，从此地铁站，6-15分钟内到达以下任何著名的景点： 凯旋门，香榭里舍大道，协和广场，巴黎圣母院，卢浮宫，荣军院，先贤祠。 您好， 特色服务： - 免费提供早餐。午餐晚餐可以自己做。 - 免费供应依云矿泉水。 - 免费提供专业的线路指导（老板娘为旅游专业出身）。 - 免费提供座机无限制打国内固话和手机。 注意事项: - 不提供的长住 - 本小栈本着与人方便的原则，但不欢迎以下类型的客人: 大声喧哗，不讲公德， 不讲卫生，室内抽烟。 本小栈地处巴黎市中心繁华地段，为3条地铁线（6号，8号，10号）的交汇处，交通可谓非常之便利： （从本客栈到达地铁站只需要走2分钟。以下距离时间均在地图上自动计算得出。） - 本客栈就在埃菲尔铁塔旁边，您甚至只需步行8分钟就可以到达战神广场以及铁塔。 - 从本客栈坐6号线9分钟左右，便可以到达雄伟的凯旋门。从凯旋门也就是迷人的香榭里舍大道的西端。 - 您也可以从本客栈坐8号线6分钟左右，到达著名的协和广场。这便是香榭里舍大道的东端。 - 巴黎圣母院是一定要去的，您坐10号线坐7站9分钟就可以到达街区。 - 著名的卢浮宫也是在15分钟的地铁范围内。（8号线转1号线） 此外去先贤祠，荣军院，拉丁区等也是一顿饭也就是15分钟内可以到。 让您玩得省心，且有效率。
12299		Grand duplex au dernier étage d'un immeuble 1930, traversant avec vue sur les toits de Paris et sur la Tour Eiffel. Appartement convivial et confortable avec trois chambres dont une avec salle de bain attenante, et un canapé lit dans un salon.
