14400	"The flat is located in the center of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Bastille, 10 minutes walking from the train station "" GARE DE LYON"". The area is really nice and has many animation during day, and night: bars, shopping, restaurants, clubs... Many acess to metros and RER. The bedroom is for 1, or two and  is very quite. You'll have access to the bathroom anytime during the day."	"The flat is located in the center of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Bastille, 10 minutes walking from the train station "" GARE DE LYON"". The area is really nice and has many animation during day, and night: bars, shopping, restaurants, clubs... Many acess to metros and RER. The bedroom is for 1, or two and  is very quite. You'll have access to the bathroom anytime during the day. The bedroom and the bathroom have full access anytime during the day. I am able to give you informations about transport and nice areas around the flat. Metro : -Bastille: line 1,5,8 -Ledru-Rollin: line 8 -Gare de Lyon: RER A, D ,line 1,14"
14401	We rent our 2-room apartment in the 12th district of Paris, district Daumesnil. We are in a Parisian typical building brick-built 1930 in the 5th floor without elevator. Our apartment is decorated simply and warmly. The kitchen is opened on the lounge, the chamber is spacious and refreshed of big arrangements. (1 big closet and 4 big drawers). Our bathroom has a shower, a washbasin and toilet. We are in a very quiet, family district situated in 5mn on foot some wood of vincennes. Ideal to go to make its jogging or to go to relax in the evening around the lake after a big stroll in the city! At the end of our street you will find all the shops which you need : bars, fruits, vegetables, good wines, cheeses, stores bio, Department store, Franprix, pharmacy you have the choice! You will find the subway 8 in 2mn on foot. That this will drive you to Bastille 10mn, Republique 15mn, Opera 20mn, Champs Elysee 30mn. The tramway Porte Dorée is in a few minutes on foot also and will allow you to m	We rent our 2-room apartment in the 12th district of Paris, district Daumesnil. We are in a Parisian typical building brick-built 1930 in the 5th floor without elevator. Our apartment is decorated simply and warmly. The kitchen is opened on the lounge, the chamber is spacious and refreshed of big arrangements. (1 big closet and 4 big drawers). Our bathroom has a shower, a washbasin and toilet. We are in a very quiet, family district situated in 5mn on foot some wood of vincennes. Ideal to go to make its jogging or to go to relax in the evening around the lake after a big stroll in the city! At the end of our street you will find all the shops which you need : bars, fruits, vegetables, good wines, cheeses, stores bio, Department store, Franprix, pharmacy you have the choice! You will find the subway 8 in 2mn on foot. That this will drive you to Bastille 10mn, Republique 15mn, Opera 20mn, Champs Elysee 30mn. The tramway Porte Dorée is in a few minutes on foot also and will allow you to m
14402		Appart neuf et lumineux en plein centre de Paris
14403	Cet appartement est de style Haussmannien (19ème siècle) : haut plafond, parqué d'époque, moulures... Composé de 3 chambres il peut donc accueillir 6 personnes.  Situé place de la Nation, il est dotée de nombreuses lignes de métro ( L1,L2,L6,L8, L9, RER A)  L'appartement :  De style Haussmannien construit lors de la grande rénovation de Paris entre 1850 et 1870. Ses caractéristiques sont typiques de la grande époque de fast de la capitale française : hauts plafonds, moulures et parquets en chêne d’époque totalement rénové.   L'appartement est composé de 3 belles chambres équipées de vrais lits doubles, il peut donc accueillir une famille avec enfant ou 3 couples d'amis. La cuisine est totalement équipée : lave-vaisselle, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetière, théière, vaisselle.  La salle de bain est équipée d'une grande douche avec multi-jets.  Le salon/salle à manger est équipé d'une canapé trois places et d'un fauteuil confortable ainsi que d'une table ronde et ses 6 chaises p	Cet appartement est de style Haussmannien (19ème siècle) : haut plafond, parqué d'époque, moulures... 3 chambres + canapé lit dans le salon. Situé place de la Nation, il est dotée de nombreuses lignes de métro ( L1,L2,L6,L8, L9, RER A) Cet appartement est de style Haussmannien (19ème siècle) : haut plafond, parqué d'époque, moulures... Composé de 3 chambres il peut donc accueillir 6 personnes.  Situé place de la Nation, il est dotée de nombreuses lignes de métro ( L1,L2,L6,L8, L9, RER A)  L'appartement :  De style Haussmannien construit lors de la grande rénovation de Paris entre 1850 et 1870. Ses caractéristiques sont typiques de la grande époque de fast de la capitale française : hauts plafonds, moulures et parquets en chêne d’époque totalement rénové.   L'appartement est composé de 3 belles chambres équipées de vrais lits doubles, il peut donc accueillir une famille avec enfant ou 3 couples d'amis. La cuisine est totalement équipée : lave-vaisselle, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur,
14404		A 10 minutes à pied de la Gare de Lyon  studio avec salle de bain (WC et baignoire) et cuisine séparées. Coin bureau avec Internet par fibre. 5e étage sans ascenseur. Ventilateur au plafond dans la pièce principale.
14405		Profitez d'un appartement typiquement parisien à 15 min de l'hyper centre. Dans une rue calme près du bois de Vincennes et proche toutes commodités. Il accueillera confortablement jusqu'à 4 personnes.
14406		25 square meters 1 min away from the subway Nation (lines 1, 2, 6, 9 and A) On the seventh floor (no lift)
14407	FOR 3 NUITS MINIMUM  JE LOUE 2 CHAMBRES SÉPARÉES  IDEAL POUR FAMILLE Possibilités de recevoir 4 personnes. DANS MAISON = loue 2 chambres lumineuses, la literie est excellente et neuve. salle de bain privée, WC privé, accès à INTERNET. CHAMBRE N°1 = LIT 1 PERSONNE   + mezzanine = LIT 1 PERSONNE avec coin bureau..  petit déjeuner inclus CHAMBRE N°2=LIT 2 PERSONNES  avec coin bureau..  petit déjeuner inclus Dans une jolie maison sur cour calme et fleurie. Draps et serviette de toilettes fournies /  Petit déjeuner inclus /  1er repas offert si vous voulez à partager avec moi /  PAS DE FRAIS DE MÉNAGE A partager avec moi, la cuisine, le salon. Dans la cuisine, les ingrédients de base sont fournis, (huile olive, sel, poivre, épices, moutarde, vinaigre, sucre, farine, thé, café...) La maison, est charmante, calme, lumineuse, fraîche en été, bien chauffée en hiver. au printemps, les fleurs et le lierre qui recouvre la maison, lui donne un air de campagne.  Le quartier, est commerçant, à proxim	A PARIS = Maison insolite sur cour calme et fleurie. possibilité de louer  chambre lit 1 place chambre lit 2 places FOR 3 NUITS MINIMUM  JE LOUE 2 CHAMBRES SÉPARÉES  IDEAL POUR FAMILLE Possibilités de recevoir 4 personnes. DANS MAISON = loue 2 chambres lumineuses, la literie est excellente et neuve. salle de bain privée, WC privé, accès à INTERNET. CHAMBRE N°1 = LIT 1 PERSONNE   + mezzanine = LIT 1 PERSONNE avec coin bureau..  petit déjeuner inclus CHAMBRE N°2=LIT 2 PERSONNES  avec coin bureau..  petit déjeuner inclus Dans une jolie maison sur cour calme et fleurie. Draps et serviette de toilettes fournies /  Petit déjeuner inclus /  1er repas offert si vous voulez à partager avec moi /  PAS DE FRAIS DE MÉNAGE A partager avec moi, la cuisine, le salon. Dans la cuisine, les ingrédients de base sont fournis, (huile olive, sel, poivre, épices, moutarde, vinaigre, sucre, farine, thé, café...) La maison, est charmante, calme, lumineuse, fraîche en été, bien chauffée en hiver. au printemps, 
14408	The main room is fully equipped : -Kitchen  -Fridge -Sofa (one single bed) -Coffee Table -TV -HI-FI -Unlimited internet access WI-FI There is a little bathroom with a shower and toilet. On the mezzanine, you will find a charming bedroom with a double bed, many storages and sheets and towels. The area is lively with many shops, including restaurants from all backgrounds, the flokloric and famous market of Aligre, designer stores, organic stores, wine shops, bars etc…	In the center of Paris, at 5 minutes from Bastille, we rent a lovely studio of 17 m2 located in a quiet building. Ideal for a couple, there is a bright and warm principal piece with a beautiful view over the rooftops and upstairs, a bedroom on the mezzanine. The main room is fully equipped : -Kitchen  -Fridge -Sofa (one single bed) -Coffee Table -TV -HI-FI -Unlimited internet access WI-FI There is a little bathroom with a shower and toilet. On the mezzanine, you will find a charming bedroom with a double bed, many storages and sheets and towels. The area is lively with many shops, including restaurants from all backgrounds, the flokloric and famous market of Aligre, designer stores, organic stores, wine shops, bars etc… Transport :  - Metro / RER : Bastille / Ledru-Rollin / Gare de Lyon  - Bus   - Vélib Сдаеться одно-комнатная Квартира с мезанином в самом центре Парижа возле площади Бастиль Рядом многочисленные рестораны и магазины  французский шарм метро 5минут ходьбы.
14409	Spacious 2 bedrooms apartment in Paris. 70 square meters. 4th floor with a lift in an Hausmanian building from 1901. You'll find  hardwood floors and high ceilings throughout the whole flat. It has a typical Parisian flair : a long corridor, 2 bedrooms, a living room with a large window, a kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet.  The pictures talk for themselves. Served by an elevator. 	This airy 2-bedroom apartment is an oasis of calm and clean just a quick metro ride away from the Bastille, the Marais and other central neighborhoods.Served by an elevator /4th floor Spacious 2 bedrooms apartment in Paris. 70 square meters. 4th floor with a lift in an Hausmanian building from 1901. You'll find  hardwood floors and high ceilings throughout the whole flat. It has a typical Parisian flair : a long corridor, 2 bedrooms, a living room with a large window, a kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet.  The pictures talk for themselves. Served by an elevator. Wifi access in the flat. If you have any questions feel free to ask! If I am around i'll be happy to advice you some good Parisians places. I speak fluent English Have a pleasant stay! It's a very calm Neighborhood ,the Coulé verte is passing down the building (the elevated park that inspired New York's Highline). You will find grocery stores,bakeries and all the common shops in the same street -5 minutes by walk you wil
14410	The apartment is located in a secure residence with  overlooks a semi private garden and is surrounded by trees. There you will hear birds singing and not cars honking :) It is a peace haven with a zen inspired decoration, that will make you relax and feel at home right when you pass the door.  Rooms are very large and cosy, I have a very comfortable bed 190x140cm. The bathroom features a bathtub, which is always quite enjoyable after climbing the Eiffel Tower...  The balcony is the perfect place to eat outside or grab a book and chill out with a view on the garden. 	Stylish apartment with a zen decoration overlooking the residence's green garden. Ideal to relax as it is very calm, with the Bois de Vincennes, its lake, rowboats, birds and zoo 5 minutes walk away. The apartment is located in a secure residence with  overlooks a semi private garden and is surrounded by trees. There you will hear birds singing and not cars honking :) It is a peace haven with a zen inspired decoration, that will make you relax and feel at home right when you pass the door.  Rooms are very large and cosy, I have a very comfortable bed 190x140cm. The bathroom features a bathtub, which is always quite enjoyable after climbing the Eiffel Tower...  The balcony is the perfect place to eat outside or grab a book and chill out with a view on the garden. High speed Internet with wifi is provided, the landline can call an extensive list of countries for . The living room features a dining table, a 32' HD TV with cable and international channels + a connected hard drive to watch 
14411	With our renovations just finished, this 2 bedroom family apartment is located on the second floor of a calm street. 44m2, very luminous apartment with windows on both street and court sides of the building.  Open plan brand new kitchen on living, renovated bathroom and separate toilet. Can accomodate 2-4 adults or 2 adults and 2 kids, with one large double bedroom (king size bed) and one smaller room with baby's cot and double sofa bed. The apartment is perfect for families or couples who want a bit more space. 10 minutes walk to line 6 (dugommier) and line 8 (daumesnil), the metros and buses enables easy access to the tourist sites and trendy bars/restaurants close by.  	Cosy two bedroom apartment in charming family-friendly area of Paris.  Just renovated, with stylish modern kitchen and bathroom.  One double bedroom and one kids bedroom, open plan kitchen and living space. Close to transport and zoo de vincennes. With our renovations just finished, this 2 bedroom family apartment is located on the second floor of a calm street. 44m2, very luminous apartment with windows on both street and court sides of the building.  Open plan brand new kitchen on living, renovated bathroom and separate toilet. Can accomodate 2-4 adults or 2 adults and 2 kids, with one large double bedroom (king size bed) and one smaller room with baby's cot and double sofa bed. The apartment is perfect for families or couples who want a bit more space. 10 minutes walk to line 6 (dugommier) and line 8 (daumesnil), the metros and buses enables easy access to the tourist sites and trendy bars/restaurants close by.   The guests will have access to the whole apartment, and use of all the
14412	Accès à toutes les pièces	Beau 2 pièces de 50 m2, avec parquet et belle hauteur sous plafond. Le petit balcon permet de prendre son petit déjeuner dehors. la chambre est spacieuse, le salon dispose d'un canapé et la salle de bain d'une baignoire. A 10 mn du centre historique Cet appartement est habité, je serais absente mais joignable lors de votre présence. L'appartement entier est à votre disposition. Lignes de tramway 3 a et 3b, ligne  1 du metro ( Beaubourg, Le Louvre, chatelet, bastille , champs élysées, la défense) station vélib et autolib à moins de 100 mètres, lignes de métro 6, 2, 9,  et RER A direct pour Eurodisney à moins de 500 mètres. Accès Orly facile avec tramway + Orlybus. Acces  Roissy, RER B+ RER A
14413	Studio dans une belle résidence avec ascenseur. Au 3eme étage avec son petit balcon côté  rue, vous y passerez  des moments agréables avec tout à proximité. Gare de Lyon à  moins de 500m sans l'inconvénient  de la voie ferrée proche.  Idéal  pour visiter  Paris et avoir un lieu de chute douillet chaque soir.  J'espère  que vous y passerez de bon moments. Studio in a nice residence with lift. On the 3rd floor with a small balcony overlooking the street, you can spend pleasant moments with all nearby. Lyon train station within 500m without the inconvenience of the near railway line. Ideal to visit Paris and have a cozy place to drop every night. I hope you will spend good times.	Studio (23m2) rénové durant ma dernière année d'étude. Proche de la gare de lyon, ideal pour séjours parisien à deux ou en solo. A proximité des lignes de métro 1/14/8 et du RER A et D. Bastille à 10min à pied et nation à 20min. Studio dans une belle résidence avec ascenseur. Au 3eme étage avec son petit balcon côté  rue, vous y passerez  des moments agréables avec tout à proximité. Gare de Lyon à  moins de 500m sans l'inconvénient  de la voie ferrée proche.  Idéal  pour visiter  Paris et avoir un lieu de chute douillet chaque soir.  J'espère  que vous y passerez de bon moments. Studio in a nice residence with lift. On the 3rd floor with a small balcony overlooking the street, you can spend pleasant moments with all nearby. Lyon train station within 500m without the inconvenience of the near railway line. Ideal to visit Paris and have a cozy place to drop every night. I hope you will spend good times. Lors de votre venue, je quitterai le logement vous aurai donc accès à l'ensemble de l
14414	Grand 4 pièces, très lumineux, au calme, une chambre est disponible et est éloignée de la nôtre. L'appartement comprend trois chambres, un salon, une salle de bain, toilettes séparées, une grande cuisine équipée. Soyez les bienvenus chez nous, et bon séjour à Paris.	Chambre libre avec balcon dans un très bel appartement de 75m2. Très lumineux et très calme il est aussi très proche des transports (métros 1et 8).  Situé au14eme étage avec ascenseur, il n'y a aucun vis à vis. Grand 4 pièces, très lumineux, au calme, une chambre est disponible et est éloignée de la nôtre. L'appartement comprend trois chambres, un salon, une salle de bain, toilettes séparées, une grande cuisine équipée. Soyez les bienvenus chez nous, et bon séjour à Paris. Votre chambre est totalement privée, nous occupons la 2ème chambre.  Tout le reste de l'appartement est accessible en usage commun : cuisine très bien équipée (une bouilloire, un grille pain, un four, une plaque à induction et un réfrigérateur sont à votre disposition), salle de bain, wc séparé, salon (avec accès TV), balcon. Nous fournissons le linge de maison et les serviettes. Vous disposez de votre propre clé. Le balcon est accessible directement depuis votre chambre. Accès à internet en WIFI. Nous sommes flexibl
14415		48 squared meters appartment in the 12th district of Paris, nearby the bois de vincennes.
14416	Aligre district Bastille, near Gare de Lyon. Holiday apartment of 45 m² with balcony terrace of 4 m² at the 6th floor with elevator in a very beautiful high building 1910 rotunda with wood floors and trim. Completely renovated kitchen and new shower room, double glazing sunny and bright, quiet, great view over the roofs and clear streets of the neighbourhood. Arranged carefully. New equipments, washer dryer, multifunction oven, hob, steam cooker, toaster, coffee maker, kettle, TV, internet, ipod, iron and ironing board, hair towel, hair dryer, table and seat deck for balcony.. Kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped with everything you need during your stay Subway, bus, Velib, commercial, restaurant, bar, the famous ‘marche couvert d’Aligre’ at 100 m. In very lively, animated and very well served area. In conclusion the charm of an apartment upstairs very bright, in a typical trendy Parisian street, commercial and well served in transportation. Private Taxi : CDG - apartment : 60 EURO 	Aligre district Bastille, near Gare de Lyon. Holiday apartment of 45 m² with balcony terrace of 4 m² at the 6th floor with elevator in a very beautiful high building 1910 rotunda with wood floors and trim. Completely renovated kitchen and new shower room, double glazing sunny and bright, quiet, great view over the roofs and clear streets of the neighbourhood. Arranged carefully. New equipments, washer dryer, multifunction oven, hob, steam cooker, toaster, coffee maker, kettle, TV, internet, ipod, iron and ironing board, hair towel, hair dryer, table and seat deck for balcony.. Kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped with everything you need during your stay Subway, bus, Velib, commercial, restaurant, bar, the famous ‘marche couvert d’Aligre’ at 100 m. In very lively, animated and very well served area. In conclusion the charm of an apartment upstairs very bright, in a typical trendy Parisian street, commercial and well served in transportation. Private Taxi : CDG - apartment : 60 EURO 
14417	The studio has a small private flowered courtyard very pleasant for outdoor dining, the kitchen is equipped with combi oven / micro - microwave, extractor hood, coffee pod, toaster, dishes for 3 persons. Ideally this studio is suitable for two people, third bed is an extra bed. Studio equipped with fiber optics and wireless broadband Internet.	"The studio is very well arranged, cosi and well equipped. For sleeping, sofa bed for 2 persons very comfortable seats and 1 sleeping electric inflatable bed. Ideally this studio is suitable for 2 guests , third bed is an extra bed. Equipped kitchen, and everything needed for breakfast. It's located near the center of Paris, near the Bastille. Flowery private courtyard where it is pleasant to dine  together, or quiet breakfast quiet. AUTOLIB and VELIB stations are at building entrance ! The studio has a small private flowered courtyard very pleasant for outdoor dining, the kitchen is equipped with combi oven / micro - microwave, extractor hood, coffee pod, toaster, dishes for 3 persons. Ideally this studio is suitable for two people, third bed is an extra bed. Studio equipped with fiber optics and wireless broadband Internet. The apartment is located at 251 rue de Charenton 12 paris, access by digital code Street, Building C, ground floor (last building ), left door marked ""I love my ho"
14418	The flat is in a residential area, a very quiet residence, cheerful and soothing decor.The hostess is smiling and considerate, respectful of the rhythm of the guests, I know how to  make me discrete in the space reserved for me. Françoise  ***********************************************L'appartement est dans un quartier résidentiel, une résidence très calme, décoration joyeuse et apaisante. Accueil souriant et prévenant des hôtes. Respectueuse du rythme des invités,  je sais me faire discrète dans l'espace qui m'est réservé (Le petit déjeuner est compris dans la réservation). Françoise	I offer an beautiful dream room (18 m2), elegantly decorated, bright,quiet. Confortable bed for 2 (1,5 meter) . New bedding. Tube, tramway and buses at the feet of the building  (close to Paris' main touristic sites).. The flat is in a residential area, a very quiet residence, cheerful and soothing decor.The hostess is smiling and considerate, respectful of the rhythm of the guests, I know how to  make me discrete in the space reserved for me. Françoise  ***********************************************L'appartement est dans un quartier résidentiel, une résidence très calme, décoration joyeuse et apaisante. Accueil souriant et prévenant des hôtes. Respectueuse du rythme des invités,  je sais me faire discrète dans l'espace qui m'est réservé (Le petit déjeuner est compris dans la réservation). Françoise Tube Line 1 (deserving the main sights of Paris) + tram + bus in front of the building ... Secure Residence of standing with lift access, carpet. Shops and markets nearby. ****************
14419	A renovated studio flat in a 17th century building, only a few minutes walk from Bastille, in the middle of bustling 12th quarter in Paris. The space is generously lighted, well spaced, and modernly furnished. A large living room with a pull-out double sofa, plus a gallery with another pull-out double sofa allow for comfortable accommodation of four people. The flat is easily accessible, close to Metro stations and bus stations. The apartment is located only few Metro stations from the main museums and attractions Paris has to offer. Numerous restaurants in the neighborhood. Pictorial food market only minutes away by foot (marche d'Aligre) is open daily, allowing our guests to dine in French style at home. A weekend market (marche de Bastille) within walking distance. The flat is fully furnished and equipped, including cable TV and wireless internet. Can accommodate singles, couples or a families for a home-like, convenient, comfortable, and affordable vacation. 100 euros per day for a	A charming renovated apartment in the 12th near Bastille. Easy to come and go by public transportation. Surrounded by shops, food markets and close to museums and other cultural facilities. Fully equipped to comfortably accomodate 4 people. A renovated studio flat in a 17th century building, only a few minutes walk from Bastille, in the middle of bustling 12th quarter in Paris. The space is generously lighted, well spaced, and modernly furnished. A large living room with a pull-out double sofa, plus a gallery with another pull-out double sofa allow for comfortable accommodation of four people. The flat is easily accessible, close to Metro stations and bus stations. The apartment is located only few Metro stations from the main museums and attractions Paris has to offer. Numerous restaurants in the neighborhood. Pictorial food market only minutes away by foot (marche d'Aligre) is open daily, allowing our guests to dine in French style at home. A weekend market (marche de Bastille) withi
14420	Charming apartment with parquet including all comfort needed. The flat is located in a very calm backyard of a typically old Parisian house, 1st and last floor.  While entering the place, you will find a lobby leading to an opened kitchen towards the living room; two bathrooms, and two bedrooms with two good large double beds. The bedroom upstairs is brand new with a new bed and very nice large shower and toilets.  The bedroom downstairs is equiped with a double bed and has a little desk space. The other bathroom is just nearby (bathtub, toilets and sink). The baby bedroom is full equiped for a small kid. (we leave everything you need him/her: highchair, bathtub, mixer...) The kitchen is fully equipped, with a dinning table for 6 to 8 people. The place is really calm, cosy, light and friendly while the neighbourhood has a real life spirit.	Lovely bright 65 sq.m four-room apartment, near Nation (12th district), 10 minutes by metro from the city centre. Perfectly suitable for 4 persons with a child, 2 double bedrooms and a baby bedroom. Charming apartment with parquet including all comfort needed. The flat is located in a very calm backyard of a typically old Parisian house, 1st and last floor.  While entering the place, you will find a lobby leading to an opened kitchen towards the living room; two bathrooms, and two bedrooms with two good large double beds. The bedroom upstairs is brand new with a new bed and very nice large shower and toilets.  The bedroom downstairs is equiped with a double bed and has a little desk space. The other bathroom is just nearby (bathtub, toilets and sink). The baby bedroom is full equiped for a small kid. (we leave everything you need him/her: highchair, bathtub, mixer...) The kitchen is fully equipped, with a dinning table for 6 to 8 people. The place is really calm, cosy, light and friend
14421	STUDIO 50M2 WITH PRIVATE GARDEN > Basement with lift or stairs access > Perfect For a couple > Résidence clean and calm > Located in the center of Paris (12E ARRONDISSEMENT) >  Bicycle & tube station (10 m) > Public Garden, Swimming pool and Parks around	STUDIO 50M2 WITH PRIVATE GARDEN > Basement with lift or stairs access > Perfect For a couple > Résidence clean and calm > Located in the center of Paris (12E ARRONDISSEMENT) >  Bicycle & tube station (10 m) > Public Garden, Swimming pool and Parks around
14422	Profiter de Paris en vivant dans un appartement bien équipé : cuisine neuve ( avec micro ondes, four, lave vaisselles, congélateur et réfrigérateur), wifi, salle de bain (avec douche, lave linge et sèche linge), nombreux rangements, dressing, Wc indépendants, 1 chambre avec lits superposés, une chambre avec lit simple, une chambre avec grand lit). Appartement adapté pour famille avec enfants (y vivent deux enfants de 2 et 7 ans).	67m2, calme, lumineux , résidence securisee, 8eme  étage avc ascenseur. Quartier : commerces et marchés à deux pas, dans le 12ème arrondissement de Paris. Bien situe(metro nation, reuilly Diderot et Montgallet juste en bas) Cuisine ouverte sur le salon, grandes fenêtres avec vue sur le parc, en bas de l immeuble Profiter de Paris en vivant dans un appartement bien équipé : cuisine neuve ( avec micro ondes, four, lave vaisselles, congélateur et réfrigérateur), wifi, salle de bain (avec douche, lave linge et sèche linge), nombreux rangements, dressing, Wc indépendants, 1 chambre avec lits superposés, une chambre avec lit simple, une chambre avec grand lit). Appartement adapté pour famille avec enfants (y vivent deux enfants de 2 et 7 ans). Tout l'appartement Nous serons partis. Une gardienne vous donnera les clefs, nous échangerons les infos nécessaires en amont par emails ou téléphone. Les consignes seront notées dans l appartement Calme, accès facile pour visiter Paris, proche de Natio
14423	Un très joli 2 pièces au calme dans un quartier animé ! Charme, authenticité et confort au RDV pour un séjour parisien inoubliable. 	Joli 2 pièces sur cour verdoyante, calme et ensoleillée. Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes. Quartier animé et recherché. Cuisine américaine donnant sur le séjour, grande chambre, belle salle de bain avec baignoire. 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Un très joli 2 pièces au calme dans un quartier animé ! Charme, authenticité et confort au RDV pour un séjour parisien inoubliable. Accès à la totalité de l'appartement (TV, tél et internet compris). Interdiction de fumer Animaux non admis Respect du voisinage  Quartier animé et familial. Bars, restaurants, commerçants, marché d'Aligre (tous les jours, très sympa). A deux pas de la Bastille. Au centre de Paris, de nombreuses lignes de bus, métro, RER. (Métro 1, 5, 8, RER A direct Parc Disney Land) A deux pas de la Gare de Lyon. 
14424	Really enjoy living in my apartment. When opening all the windows, with the huge balcony that wraps around the studio, it feels like a boat !  Cute, fun balcony to have meals or walk on it. Big enough to invite friends for aperitivos. Bathroom of a good size with shower and tub. Many many books, some of them in english if you want to. Can lend a computer too if needed. Apartment is on 6th floor away from the street side, so quiet, open view, urban/backyard view from balcony. 	33 m2 studio w/ 25m2 living-room. 6 big windows: lots of light. 15m-long balcony ideal for meals. 6th flr good view. Love living in it. Plants. King-size bed. 2 metros: door-to-door 15mn to Louvre/center. Quiet hood, 5 mn walk from lively or park. Really enjoy living in my apartment. When opening all the windows, with the huge balcony that wraps around the studio, it feels like a boat !  Cute, fun balcony to have meals or walk on it. Big enough to invite friends for aperitivos. Bathroom of a good size with shower and tub. Many many books, some of them in english if you want to. Can lend a computer too if needed. Apartment is on 6th floor away from the street side, so quiet, open view, urban/backyard view from balcony. Can use the washing machine, all the amenities in the apartment. Access to (rather old) computer if needed, as well as wireless, and (rather slow) tablet. Can access to all the books. Can access the stereo. Can use blender, coffee machine, iron, iron board, etc. Building 
14425	The apartment is on the first floor of a five-story building with no elevator. It is a 2 bedroom flat with 1 living room area and open kitchen. It would be perfect for a couple for 1 or 2 children (max).	For July only. Very well situated (near Gare de Lyon, Bercy, coulée verte, Bastille, Nation), this lovely two bedroom flat (sleeps 2 adults, 2 children) is a perfect place to spend the month of July in a quaint, typically  Parisian neighborhood.  The apartment is on the first floor of a five-story building with no elevator. It is a 2 bedroom flat with 1 living room area and open kitchen. It would be perfect for a couple for 1 or 2 children (max). There is wifi, fully equipped kitchen, sheets/towels etc... I will be here when you arrive to settle you in. A neighbor will be available if you need anything while you are here and to help with checkout. There is everything in this neighborhood! Excellent bakery across the street, restaurants, supermarkets, pharmacy, etc...also close to the Faubourg Saint Antoine, Marche Aligre, Viaduc des Artistes, Bastille & Nation From CDG airport : Take RER B & A Otherwise to get around town:  Metros : Line 1 & 8 (5 minute walk); Line 14 (10 minute walk) 
14426	Perfect apartment for 2 people in a typical Parisian neighborhood. Composed with a bedroom, a living room and a kitchen. All the necessary comfort for a unique experience in Paris.	Charming apartment of 37m² at 100m from Place d'Aligre. Typically Parisian, ideal for a unique experience. Located on the 5th floor (no elevator), the apartment offers all the comforts. Ideal for a couple. Perfect apartment for 2 people in a typical Parisian neighborhood. Composed with a bedroom, a living room and a kitchen. All the necessary comfort for a unique experience in Paris. Feel like home and free to use any parts of the apartment. Wifi access and TV Typically Parisian area 100m from the market place Aligre. Many restaurants and cafes to enjoy Parisian life. Metro Ledru Rollin (line 8) 5 minutes walk from the apartment. Unfortunately the apartment is on the 5th floor with no lift but it offers a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris.
14427		A deux pas de la place de la nation appartement refait à neuf dans un bel immeuble au 2ème étage avec ascenseur . Proche toutes commodités (boulangerie, supérette, métro, bus et RER à 3 mn) ! Peut loger 4 personnes avec literie haut de gamme ! A 3 mn du métro, RER, bus ! Pour des raisons de logistique, les reservations doivent être faites 15 jours avant la date d'arrivée !
14428	Un appart assez cozy, un bon squat pour geeker, prendre l'apéro et puis dormir !	Un appart assez cozy, un bon squat pour geeker, prendre l'apéro et puis dormir ! Wifi gratos, télé avec cable, cuisine, frigo, machine à laver et... un babyfoot ! Un rendez-vous préalable chez moi pour une petite explication et c'est tout ! On meurt pas de faim. Il y a le choix entre mcdo, Quick, Subway, Sushi et grec à 200m. Sinon 2 Franprix et un Monoprix à environ 200m Arrêts métro :  - Michel Bizot (ligne 8) - Porte Dorée (ligne 8 et tram T3a) - Daumesnil (ligne 6, mais environ 7 minutes de marche) Pas de bière sur le baby !
14429	Very bright apartment with old paris charm, with parquet and chimney. 2 terraces with plantes, one where you can have meals in the sun or under the stars. Space to accommodate 2 couples or 1 couple with a child. 1 bedroom with a king size bed. 1 room with very confortable sofa double bed. Situated on the 6th floor without elevator. Fully equipped kitchen. Internet with wifi. Très lumineux, calme, avec le charme des appartements parisiens anciens. 55 m2, deux balcons fleuris, dont une terrasse pour prendre le petit déjeuner au soleil ou encore diner sous les étoiles. Possibilité d'accueillir 2 couples, ou bien un couple avec enfant. 1 lit double. 1 canapé lit double. L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur.	Old Paris charming apartment, 55m2, in beautiful building, very bright and quiet. With 2 terrases. Sleeps four. 50 meters from the subway & very near the heart of the city. Lively location with all accommodaties. Very bright apartment with old paris charm, with parquet and chimney. 2 terraces with plantes, one where you can have meals in the sun or under the stars. Space to accommodate 2 couples or 1 couple with a child. 1 bedroom with a king size bed. 1 room with very confortable sofa double bed. Situated on the 6th floor without elevator. Fully equipped kitchen. Internet with wifi. Très lumineux, calme, avec le charme des appartements parisiens anciens. 55 m2, deux balcons fleuris, dont une terrasse pour prendre le petit déjeuner au soleil ou encore diner sous les étoiles. Possibilité d'accueillir 2 couples, ou bien un couple avec enfant. 1 lit double. 1 canapé lit double. L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. The apartment is very practically located,  1 minute walk 
14430	You will have a very pleasant stay in my apartment, fully furnished and equipped, in the Dausmenil neighborhood.  The living room is very spacious and comfortable. It includes 1 sofa bed, 2 couches, a  flat screen TV.  The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, micro-wave, electric cooker, fridge, freezer, coffee-machine...).  There are 2 bedrooms. One with a single bed and one with a double bed.  The apartment is in a residence with a secure access. It is on a second floor with a lift.	700 sq ft flat, located in the vibrant and pleasant area of Daumesnil. It comfortably fits 3. It's ideally located and served by the subway, really close to Nation and Bastille.  You will have a very pleasant stay in my apartment, fully furnished and equipped, in the Dausmenil neighborhood.  The living room is very spacious and comfortable. It includes 1 sofa bed, 2 couches, a  flat screen TV.  The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, micro-wave, electric cooker, fridge, freezer, coffee-machine...).  There are 2 bedrooms. One with a single bed and one with a double bed.  The apartment is in a residence with a secure access. It is on a second floor with a lift. You will be able to use everything that is in the appartment : kitchen / dishes, heating system, washing machine, ... I'm available if needed. The apartment is located in a very quiet street off the Daumesnil square.  The apartment is very close to lots of bars, restaurants, places to get fresh food ( 10 min walk to Cour Saint-Emilio
14431	This high quality and spacious penthouse is the perfect option for those who prefer a tranquil and luxurious base in the centre of Paris. Thanks to it’s meticulous and elegant design, you will enjoy relaxing in comfort, appreciating the finer things in life! The appartment is fully equipped and offers a standard of comfort comparable to a 5 star hotel, but with your privacy assured. Situated on the 4th floor, this topfloor appartment is accessed by a modern lift, is tastefully decorated with the atttention to detail that makes it so attractive. Due to its triple aspect, it is bright and airy, and with the superior glazing it is completely quiet. On entering, a corridor accesses the 2 bedrooms to the right: -Bedroom 1 overlooks the street with a large balcony, furnished with comfortable double bed with stylish linen, bedside table and classy lamp, large-mirrored dressing table, television and atmospheric lighting for those romantic evenings. -Bedroom 2 with it’s own large balcony, is fu	FABULOUS HIGH STANDING FLAT WITH A HUGE TERRASSE FOR AN ABSOLUTELY CONFORTABLE STAY IN PARIS!! This high quality and spacious penthouse is the perfect option for those who prefer a tranquil and luxurious base in the centre of Paris. Thanks to it’s meticulous and elegant design, you will enjoy relaxing in comfort, appreciating the finer things in life! The appartment is fully equipped and offers a standard of comfort comparable to a 5 star hotel, but with your privacy assured. Situated on the 4th floor, this topfloor appartment is accessed by a modern lift, is tastefully decorated with the atttention to detail that makes it so attractive. Due to its triple aspect, it is bright and airy, and with the superior glazing it is completely quiet. On entering, a corridor accesses the 2 bedrooms to the right: -Bedroom 1 overlooks the street with a large balcony, furnished with comfortable double bed with stylish linen, bedside table and classy lamp, large-mirrored dressing table, television and 
14432		Chambre avec grand lit, cuisine et salle de bain
14433	magnifique et spacieux appartement face au Bois de Vincennes. Il dispose de deux chambres. Un couchage neuf (canapé rapido) pour 2 personnes est possible dans le salon (king size).  Nous fournissons également l'équipement nécessaire pour un bébé (chaise haute, lit parapluie, baignoire)	Superbe appartement face au Bois de Vincennes à 10 mns à pied du métro Charenton Ecoles (ligne 8) et 30 mns voiture Disneyland. 2 magnifiques chambres,1 petite,un salon de 40m2 avec canapé king size, il fera le bonheur des familles et des sportifs. magnifique et spacieux appartement face au Bois de Vincennes. Il dispose de deux chambres. Un couchage neuf (canapé rapido) pour 2 personnes est possible dans le salon (king size).  Nous fournissons également l'équipement nécessaire pour un bébé (chaise haute, lit parapluie, baignoire) Le Bois de Vincennes est le lieu idéal pour les sportifs et les familles. Le Lac Daumesnil, le Parc Floral ainsi que le Zoo se trouvent à quelques mètres. La localisation de l'appartement vous met à quelques minutes du centre de Paris et à moins de 30 mns de Disneyland.
14434		Chambre spacieuse avec canapé lit futon  commode penderie accès internet dans bel immeuble haussmannien, 2ème étage, ascenseur, vue sur cour boisée. Accès cuisine tout équipé, salle de bain avec lave linge séchant.  Gay friendly.
14435	Cozy appartment of 40m2 in Paris 12. Very bright with a great view, equipped ( washing machine, oven,  fridge ). The apartment is located in a quiet area on the 6th floor without elevator and offers a unique view . Very bright, double glazing , beautiful wooden floors and vintage furniture . The unit is located near the train line of Gare de Lyon so when a train passes , it is audible but to a lesser extent due to double glazing. A double bed in the bedroom and a mattress in the living room provide accommodation for up to 3 people . Wi- fi included	Cozy appartment of 40m2 in Paris 12. Very bright with a great view, equipped ( washing machine, oven,  fridge ). The apartment is located in a quiet area on the 6th floor without elevator and offers a unique view . Very bright, double glazing , beautiful wooden floors and vintage furniture . The unit is located near the train line of Gare de Lyon so when a train passes , it is audible but to a lesser extent due to double glazing. A double bed in the bedroom and a mattress in the living room provide accommodation for up to 3 people . Wi- fi included You'll be access to the washing machine, kitchenware, linens. You will also find some indications about best adress in the neighborhood (restaurant, bars, shopping) Upon arrival , you will have access to a description of the housing and good addresses in the neighborhood (restaurants, bars , shopping) . I will be at your disposal in case of specific questions during your stay. There are many shops nearby , open on Sundays like supermarkets, 
14436	Bienvenue à Paris !  In the lovely XIIe arrondissement, only at 10 minutes from Bastille, 5 minutes from Bercy or Gare de Lyon. Meet our superb appartment in a calm area on the 5th floor (elevator of course), lots of light, lots of oxygen here for a capital city! Close from the Metro Station Dugommier or Daumesnil, we propose you a bedroom / salon and dining room, just for you. At the 5th floor with elevator, you will find lovely rooms full of light. Building architecture is typical from Paris.  What do you think of French people ? Of Parisiens ? People in a hurry ? Sometimes embittered, sometimes not too polite, and more than anything we are buying baguettes, smoking cigarettes, drink too much cafés wearing a beret ?  >> Comes at our place and discover that clichés are not what they are ! At home you will enjoy your time, we hope we can spend moments of discussions together. And fulfill your dreams: wanna test a perfect bottle of red wine ? Too bad, you don't know which one to try ? H	Calm, Confort, Charme, Security and Family atmosphere ! Private room and dining room are for you !  It will be a pleasure for us to share tips to find hidden places in Paris such as Bars, Restaurant and Cafés...Bonjour & Bonne nuit bienvenue ici ! Bienvenue à Paris !  In the lovely XIIe arrondissement, only at 10 minutes from Bastille, 5 minutes from Bercy or Gare de Lyon. Meet our superb appartment in a calm area on the 5th floor (elevator of course), lots of light, lots of oxygen here for a capital city! Close from the Metro Station Dugommier or Daumesnil, we propose you a bedroom / salon and dining room, just for you. At the 5th floor with elevator, you will find lovely rooms full of light. Building architecture is typical from Paris.  What do you think of French people ? Of Parisiens ? People in a hurry ? Sometimes embittered, sometimes not too polite, and more than anything we are buying baguettes, smoking cigarettes, drink too much cafés wearing a beret ?  >> Comes at our place a
14437	Discover our 4 bedroom triplex family appartment located in a typical calm parisian courtyard of the 11th arrondissement (the old craftman area of Paris) Our appartment is perfect for two couples and their children to rent, so for 4 adults, 3 big kids, one little kid and even a baby (we have a cot). We also have 2 extra matresses which brings the capacity up to 10 people if needed. One enters the appartement on to an open kitchen/ Dining room. Follows the living room. On the same floor is a toilet and bathroom. Up a flight of stairs there are 2 bedrooms, as well as a toilet on the same floor. Down a flight from the living room you will find the laundry room (washer and dryer), a parental suite with a bath and sink as well as another children room with a bunk bed. The location is absolutely wonderful, right next to Bastille but more relaxed.  Within 5 minutes there are loads of great restaurants (amongst others: Bistrot Paul Bert, le Temps au Temps, Le Chardenoux, Rino, La Gazetta) 2 la	Discover our 4 bedroom triplex family appartment located in a typical calm parisian courtyard of the 11th arrondissement (the old craftman area of Paris) Our appartment is perfect for two couples and their children to rent, so for 4 adults, 3 big kids, one little kid and even a baby (we have a cot). We also have 2 extra matresses which brings the capacity up to 10 people if needed. One enters the appartement on to an open kitchen/ Dining room. Follows the living room. On the same floor is a toilet and bathroom. Up a flight of stairs there are 2 bedrooms, as well as a toilet on the same floor. Down a flight from the living room you will find the laundry room (washer and dryer), a parental suite with a bath and sink as well as another children room with a bunk bed. The location is absolutely wonderful, right next to Bastille but more relaxed.  Within 5 minutes there are loads of great restaurants (amongst others: Bistrot Paul Bert, le Temps au Temps, Le Chardenoux, Rino, La Gazetta) 2 la
14438	logement spacieux (30 m2 ),propre et bien equipé  	dans  12eme arrondissement de Paris un très bel appartement lumineux,bien aménagé ,dans un nouvel immeuble privé avec ascenseur,au pied du métro et du tramway très proches de toutes commodités,a 2 minutes  du lac Daumensil et des bois de Vincennes. logement spacieux (30 m2 ),propre et bien equipé quartier calme proche de toutes commodités voisins respectueux proche du lac daumensil et des bois de vincennes logement situé a 50 metres du metro ligne 8 et du tramway T3 (porte de charenton
14439		Durant mes vacances je propose mon studio de 34m² en plein cœur de Paris. Studio moderne avec petit balcon, proche toutes commodités, à 1min de la ligne 8 et 5 min de la ligne 6, dans un quartier calme et familial.
14440	Charmant appartement traversant pour 2 personnes, entièrement meublé et équipé au 7ème et dernier étage d'une résidence calme et gardiennée. Situé à proximité (5 minutes) du lac Daumesnil, aux pieds de la promenade plantée reliant le bois de Vincennes à la Place de la Bastille. Entrée, lumineux séjour double donnant sur terrasse plein sud de 9 m², chambre, cuisine, salle de douche, wc séparé. Ascenseur, internet wi fi, TV, lecteur DVD, chaîne Hi Fi. Cuisine équipée, lave vaisselle, lave linge, réfrigérateur-congélateur, plaque induction, four, toaster, cafetière. Tous commerces et transports à proximité. 	Charmant appartement traversant pour 2 personnes, entièrement meublé et équipé au 7ème et dernier étage d'une résidence calme et gardiennée. Situé à proximité (5 minutes) du lac Daumesnil, aux pieds de la promenade plantée reliant le bois de Vincennes à la Place de la Bastille. Entrée, lumineux séjour double donnant sur terrasse plein sud de 9 m², chambre, cuisine, salle de douche, wc séparé. Ascenseur, internet wi fi, TV, lecteur DVD, chaîne Hi Fi. Cuisine équipée, lave vaisselle, lave linge, réfrigérateur-congélateur, plaque induction, four, toaster, cafetière. Tous commerces et transports à proximité.  Ensemble des équipements à disposition : TV, internet Wi Fi, imprimante, chaîne stéréo, lecteur DVD Quartier résidentiel, familial et calme. Promenade plantée en pied d'immeuble reliant la place de la Bastille au bois de Vincennes. Tous commerces à proximité. .Métro : stations Bel Air (ligne 6 Nation/Charles De Gaulle-Etoile) ou Michel Bizot (ligne 8 Créteil/Balard) .Bus n° 29, 46, 64
14441	Notre appartement est atypique et a beaucoup de cachet. Le sol est fait en tomettes rouges et les portes sont en vieux bois. Il y a deux cheminées. Nous sommes au dernier étage. Et nous donnons sur les toits de Paris. 	Light appartment in the center of Paris, between Bastille and Gare de Lyon. Close to La Seine and a lively neighbourhood (Aligre market). Very quiet, 43m², under-roof mezzanine. Lots of subways, buses and facilities. 2 doubblebed + 1 sofa.
14442	A cosy appartement of 35 square meters with one bedroom and one living room with a mezzanine and a canapé. It is situated on the first floor in a small street. All furnished (wi-fi, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, iron...)	A cosy flat in an attractive Parisian area, between Bastille and Nation, fits in with every need of a little family or a couple. Located in a historical area (the one of the French Révolution), the flat is an ideal accomodation for one-week stay. A cosy appartement of 35 square meters with one bedroom and one living room with a mezzanine and a canapé. It is situated on the first floor in a small street. All furnished (wi-fi, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, iron...) I may not be there because of my comittements but my friend will be there in case you need anything. The flat is located in a historical area (that of the French Révolution), nearby Bastille, today very attractive because of its social live, nice bars and gastronomic brasseries (not less than 15 in a two-minute walk). Bastille night life is reachable in a five minute walk in a very safe area. All shops are just around the corner (épicier, traditionnal boulangerie, a delicious libanais, an excellent German beer plac
14443	2 MIN FROM METRO DUGOMMIER  5 MIN FROM METRO BERCY  10 MIN FROM METRO GARE DE LYON	2 MIN FROM METRO DUGOMMIER  5 MIN FROM METRO BERCY  10 MIN FROM METRO GARE DE LYON
14444	Studio Romantique Montmartre is a charming little Paris apartment for 2 people located in the romantic neighbourhood of Montmartre, home to bohemians, intellectuals and artists of all kinds. The apartment boasts views of this hill-top village and you can make out the Sacre Coeur Basílica in the distance. Studio Romantique Montmartre is in a great location, close to Rue Lepic and Rue Joseph which are lively both during the day and at night and are full of Parisian charm and that unique Montmartre character. You will find plenty of bars, shops and restaurants in the area as well as designer boutiques. There are plenty of metro and bus stops in the area, so exploring other neighbourhoods in the French Capital is easy from here.  Although the apartment measures just 19m2, it comes equipped with everything you need for a comfortable stay: a double sofa bed, a fully-equipped kitchen with a washing machine, fridge, toaster, microwave, etc., a bathroom and two little balconies. The apartment i	Studio Romantique Montmartre is a charming little Paris apartment for 2 people located in the romantic neighbourhood of Montmartre, home to bohemians, intellectuals and artists of all kinds. The apartment boasts views of this hill-top village and you can make out the Sacre Coeur Basílica in the distance. Studio Romantique Montmartre is in a great location, close to Rue Lepic and Rue Joseph which are lively both during the day and at night and are full of Parisian charm and that unique Montmartre character. You will find plenty of bars, shops and restaurants in the area as well as designer boutiques. There are plenty of metro and bus stops in the area, so exploring other neighbourhoods in the French Capital is easy from here.  Although the apartment measures just 19m2, it comes equipped with everything you need for a comfortable stay: a double sofa bed, a fully-equipped kitchen with a washing machine, fridge, toaster, microwave, etc., a bathroom and two little balconies. The apartment i
14445	Appartement agréable où vous pourrez vous reposer sereinement pendant vos vacances, mi cas es tu casa, bon séjour dans notre belle capitale ! Parfait pour 2 personnes, possibilité 3ème personne avec canapé convertible.	Agréable appartement dernier étage, lumineux, calme. Séjour avec canapé convertible, TV/Wifi. Chambre avec lit 2 places confortable/cosy. Petite cuisine équipée séparée + lave-linge, petite salle de bain, toilettes séparées. Quartier calme et sympa. Appartement agréable où vous pourrez vous reposer sereinement pendant vos vacances, mi cas es tu casa, bon séjour dans notre belle capitale ! Parfait pour 2 personnes, possibilité 3ème personne avec canapé convertible. Accès à tout l'appartement ! Vous pouvez utiliser le lave-linge, lessive et assouplissant à votre disposition. Je reste à votre écoute pendant votre séjour si vous le souhaitez, en cas de besoin une amie habitant à proximité peut vous aider, vous remettre les clefs en début de séjour et les récupérer à votre départ. Quartier Daumesnil/Michel Bizot, calme et aéré. Vous pouvez pique-niquer au Lac Daumesnil, vous promener le long de la coulée verte, prendre des plats chez le traiteur Festins et du vin/champagne chez le caviste à
14446	Appartement calme, bien agencé, pratique.  Facile d'accès en transport en commun pour vous rendre rapidement sur les lieux touristiques de la capitale.	Agréable studio de 30m2 a deux pas de la place de la Nation et du bois de Vincennes.  A 2 min à pied du métro et tramway. Calme et lumineux, sa baie vitrée donne sur un balcon. Tout équipé il accueillera un couple dans les meilleures conditions. Appartement calme, bien agencé, pratique.  Facile d'accès en transport en commun pour vous rendre rapidement sur les lieux touristiques de la capitale. Canapé-lit deux places, wifi, TV, enceinte Bluetooth, table à manger pour 4 personnes, table pour deux personnes sur le balcon, frigo, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, cafetière, bouilloire, grille pain, micro-onde, blender. Par téléphone et mail, en français ou en anglais A deux pas de la place de la Nation. A proximité du Parc de Vincennes, à 10 minutes en métro du quartier de la Bastille et du Marais, à 20 minutes des Champs Elysées. Metro Nation (lignes 1,2,6,9, rer A), Porte de Vincennes (ligne 1 qui dessert de nombreux sites touristiques, Tramway)
14447		Studio de 23m2, donnant sur jardin privé intérieur (accès interdit donc très calme). Un vrai matelas permet de convertir le canapé en vrai lit. 5-10 min des métros Porte de Vincennes et Picpus, 2 min de l'arrêt de tram Alexandra David-Néel
14448	Beautiful apartment at the foot of the metro line 8 and the bois de Vincennes at the 3rd floor. This line serves (Republic, Bastille, Concorde, Madeleine, Invalides...) _living room (TV, cable, Internet broadband) _kitchen (lava crockery, oven/microwave, coffee maker) _room (sheets, wardrobe) _ although bathroom fully equipped (washing machine, hair dryer, towels, shower) _Elevator 	Beautiful apartment at the foot of the metro line 8 on the third storey and 1 station of the bois de Vincennes. This line serves (Republic, Bastille, Concorde, Madeleine, Invalides...) Beautiful apartment at the foot of the metro line 8 and the bois de Vincennes at the 3rd floor. This line serves (Republic, Bastille, Concorde, Madeleine, Invalides...) _living room (TV, cable, Internet broadband) _kitchen (lava crockery, oven/microwave, coffee maker) _room (sheets, wardrobe) _ although bathroom fully equipped (washing machine, hair dryer, towels, shower) _Elevator  the free washer you can cook without problem and the heating is electric. Super walk, bakery, dairy, slaughter a last Street apartment Beautiful apartment at the foot of the metro line 8 and the bois de Vincennes. This line serves (Republic, Bastille, Concorde, Madeleine, Invalides...) Good place to visit for tourists he walk from the metro and tram
14449	For rent for the Month in July / August, in the heart of Paris. Charming 2 rooms, a kitchen area, a bedroom, a bathroom, Condition, parquet - Fully Equipped with TV, internet, balcony - 2 persons. Bus, metro, market, shops 20m - Bois de Vincennes. Restaurant, trendy cafe - 5 minutes from Bastille.	For rent for the Month in July / August, in the heart of Paris. Charming 2 rooms, a kitchen area, a bedroom, a bathroom, Condition, parquet - Fully Equipped with TV, internet, balcony - 2 persons. Bus, metro, market, shops 20m - Bois de Vincennes. Restaurant, trendy cafe - 5 minutes from Bastille.
14450	Charmant studio lumineux de 35m2 avec vue unique sur la place de la Bastille. Parquet, trois fenêtres donnant sur la place de la Bastille, fenêtre de gauche donnant vers le Père-Lachaise, celle du centre sur la colonne de la Bastille, et celle de droite sur le port de l'Arsenal. Autre fenêtre dans l'entrée donnant sur une courette. Douche, toilettes. Cuisine, lave-linge, sèche-linge, Wi-fi. De nombreux bars (rue de Lappe, Charonne..), restaurants, le marais à deux pas... Pouvant accueillir deux personnes ( lit 2 places) idéal pour un couple en visite à Paris proche de toutes les commodités et attractions de Paris  Bon point de départ pour une ballade à Paris que ce soit vers le Louvre, Concorde, ou vers Republique et le canal saint Martin studio aux portes du Marais et de ses commerces quartier Typique! 	Charmant studio lumineux de 35m2 avec vue unique sur la place de la Bastille. Parquet, trois fenêtres donnant sur la place de la Bastille, fenêtre de gauche donnant vers le Père-Lachaise, celle du centre sur la colonne de la Bastille, et celle de droite sur le port de l'Arsenal. Autre fenêtre dans l'entrée donnant sur une courette. Douche, toilettes. Cuisine, lave-linge, sèche-linge, Wi-fi. De nombreux bars (rue de Lappe, Charonne..), restaurants, le marais à deux pas... Pouvant accueillir deux personnes ( lit 2 places) idéal pour un couple en visite à Paris proche de toutes les commodités et attractions de Paris  Bon point de départ pour une ballade à Paris que ce soit vers le Louvre, Concorde, ou vers Republique et le canal saint Martin studio aux portes du Marais et de ses commerces quartier Typique! Logement entier avec salle de bain et Wc separes, acces à tous les equipements de l'appartement ( wifi, lave linge, seche cheveux , serviettes et draps propres, plan de paris ). 5ème ét
14451	Ce studio de 26 m² a un vrai cachet. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Avec une hauteur sous plafond de 3,50 m, il comprend un salon avec canapé-lit 2 places, une mezzanine avec un lit 2 places, une cuisine ouverte avec poutres apparentes et une salle d'eau, le tout très bien équipé (draps et serviettes de toilette, four, plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, machine à expresso, bouilloire, machine à laver le linge, planche et fer à repasser, aspirateur, TV, Internet, etc.)  Refait à neuf en 2011, le studio jouit d'une excellente situation en plein coeur de Paris. Le quartier, calme et familial, propose tous types de commerces à proximité. Le métro Nation, très bien desservi, vous permet de vous rendre au centre de Paris en quelques minutes.  La proximité du bois de Vincennes vous permettra également de prendre un bon bol d'air. 	Ce studio de 26 m² a un vrai cachet. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Avec une hauteur sous plafond de 3,50 m, il comprend un salon avec canapé-lit 2 places, une mezzanine avec un lit 2 places, une cuisine ouverte avec poutres apparentes et une salle d'eau, le tout très bien équipé (draps et serviettes de toilette, four, plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, machine à expresso, bouilloire, machine à laver le linge, planche et fer à repasser, aspirateur, TV, Internet, etc.)  Refait à neuf en 2011, le studio jouit d'une excellente situation en plein coeur de Paris. Le quartier, calme et familial, propose tous types de commerces à proximité. Le métro Nation, très bien desservi, vous permet de vous rendre au centre de Paris en quelques minutes.  La proximité du bois de Vincennes vous permettra également de prendre un bon bol d'air.  Vous aurez accès à l'intégralité du studio et de ses équipements. Un guide d'accueil vous indiquera les bonnes adresses du quartier, les contacts utiles (
14452	Petit immeuble au pied de la Place Daumesnil Felix Eboué. 	Appartement hausmannien, 70 m², très bien situé dans le 12ème arrdt, place Daumesnil. Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur et gardienne. Intérieur chaleureux, parquet point de Hongrie, cheminée. Très lumineux. Capacité : 1 lit double pour 2 adultes + 3 lits enfants + 1 lit bébé si besoin (+ matériel puériculture). Commerces & transports ( Bastille à 10 mn en métro et Opéra en 20 mn en métro). A 10 mn à pieds du bois de Vincennes, zoo, aquarium de la porte dorée, lacs, promenade plantée et squares. Accès à toutes les pièces. Logement entier. Contact et aide disponible tout au long du séjour si besoin. Quartier familial très commerçant : boucher, fromager, poissonnier boulanger. Deux pharmacies sur la Place Daumesnil, dont une ouverte tard la nuit.  Nombreux supermarchés au pied de l'immeuble : Simply, Monoprix. Grand magasin Printemps Nation à 15 min à pieds ou en bus. Marché en bas de l'immeuble les mardi et vendredi matin. Proximité d'espaces verts (Bois de Vincennes, zoo, aquarium) à 15 minu
14453	L'emplacement est calme avec vue sur un jardin. Le logement contient un grand nombres d'appareils électroménager comme un four, des plaques chauffantes, un aspirateur, une bouilloire, un grille pain, un fer à repasser et une machine à laver. La taille de l'appartement vous permettra de résider à trois personnes sans se sentir à l'étroit.	Studio d'étudiant libre pour cette été, placé dans un quartier sympathique a 5 min a pied du parc de bercy. A coté se trouve de nombreux commerces (monoprix, tabac, boucherie...) et plusieurs stations de metro comme Cour St Emmilion ou Dugommier. L'emplacement est calme avec vue sur un jardin. Le logement contient un grand nombres d'appareils électroménager comme un four, des plaques chauffantes, un aspirateur, une bouilloire, un grille pain, un fer à repasser et une machine à laver. La taille de l'appartement vous permettra de résider à trois personnes sans se sentir à l'étroit. Trois métros donnent accès au logement. Je suis disponible tout les jours par téléphone et par internet, si vous avez des questions n'hésitez pas. Le quartier est calme et commerçant. 3 stations de métro sont à moins de 10 min de l'appartement. Pour le RER, Nation, gare d'Austerlitz et Gare de Lyon, sont à 20 min en porte à porte via les transports.
14454	1 Bedroom 30m² (322ft²) – quiet – luminous – courtyard view – 5mins from Bastille – 10/15 mins from main tourist sites – 5 mins from Bois de Vincennes park. Multiple metro stations nearby (Dugommier [line 6], Daumesnil [line 8]), easy access from Gare de Lyon and Gare de Bercy, close to shopping. Owned by professional decorator, 4th floor with elevator, completely refurbished and equipped, reclaimed wood flooring	Nice and comfortable flat in the heart of Paris, between Place de la Bastille. Very shinny appartement 30sqm located on 4th floor with elevator : . one bedroom for two . one sofa bed for two in the living room . fully equipped open kitchen 1 Bedroom 30m² (322ft²) – quiet – luminous – courtyard view – 5mins from Bastille – 10/15 mins from main tourist sites – 5 mins from Bois de Vincennes park. Multiple metro stations nearby (Dugommier [line 6], Daumesnil [line 8]), easy access from Gare de Lyon and Gare de Bercy, close to shopping. Owned by professional decorator, 4th floor with elevator, completely refurbished and equipped, reclaimed wood flooring In the apartment : An eclectic collection of books, tourist guides and suggestions are at your disposal, allowing you to take full advantage of all the attractions Paris and its region have to offer (restaurants, museums, shows, expositions…) 
14455	Located on the 1st floor of a nice quiet courtyard in the trendy Bastille, the 70 m² apartment has been completely renovated and has all the comfort you will need. It includes a large living room of 35 m² bright with large windows, a fitted kitchen, two bedrooms (one master bedroom and one bedroom with adulte bunk beds), a nice bathroom and toilets. 10 minutes walk from Bastille, you will be able to visit the center of Paris easily, do shopping in the trendy Marais district, and enjoy the Aligre market nearby and all the good local restaurants and cafes around.	Nice apartment of 70 m² (3 rooms), very bright and quiet, fully equipped in the center of Paris. Located in a calm and lovely courtyard typical of old Paris in the trendy and animated Bastille district. Perfect for a family with children ! Located on the 1st floor of a nice quiet courtyard in the trendy Bastille, the 70 m² apartment has been completely renovated and has all the comfort you will need. It includes a large living room of 35 m² bright with large windows, a fitted kitchen, two bedrooms (one master bedroom and one bedroom with adulte bunk beds), a nice bathroom and toilets. 10 minutes walk from Bastille, you will be able to visit the center of Paris easily, do shopping in the trendy Marais district, and enjoy the Aligre market nearby and all the good local restaurants and cafes around. You have access to all the equipment of the apartment as well as WI-FI at your disposal. If you need you can contact me at any time during your stay. In the center of Paris in a typical neighb
14456	Situation exceptionnelle, à 5 min à pieds de : -  la Gare de Lyon -  du marché d'Aligre connu pour ses fameux commerces de bouche et ses nombreux restaurants réputés - de la coulée verte (promenade arborée allant de Bastille au bois de Vincenne).  A 10 min à pieds de la Bastille. Proximité immédiate des métros Gare de Lyon (ligne 1 & 14) et Reuilly Diderot (ligne 1 & 8) Au calme absolu, au fond d'une cour, ce logement semblable à une maison a été entièrement refait à neuf en 2015. Le RDC se compose d'un vaste salon, d'une vaste cuisine tout équipée, les deux communiquant sur un patio privatif, ainsi que d'une salle de bain et d'un WC. L'étage se compose d'une suite parentale avec chambre avec lit double (160 cm), salle de bain et WC attenants et d'une seconde chambre avec lit double (140 cm). Le sous sol se compose d'une chambre d'enfants avec un lit superposé.	Like a house, in a very quiet environment, this three floor apartment of 110 sq m, fully renovated in 2015, is located in the lively neighbourhood of Aligre market. He has a private patio, a large living room, a kitchen, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 WC
14457	The flat superficy  is 60m².  Important : We would prefer a booking for 4 days minimum, starting friday 21st of august. Double bed. There's a another bedroom that can accomodate a baby. 1 bathroom 1 living room 1 couch in the living room + illimited access to the Internet + 1 bigTV + fully equipped kitchen.	This new refurbished and quiet apartment has the typical charm of the old parisian buildings with its beams. It was completely refurbished. The sun lays on our flat in the mainly day time. It is quiet and relaxing. The flat superficy  is 60m².  Important : We would prefer a booking for 4 days minimum, starting friday 21st of august. Double bed. There's a another bedroom that can accomodate a baby. 1 bathroom 1 living room 1 couch in the living room + illimited access to the Internet + 1 bigTV + fully equipped kitchen. You have access to all the rooms. We will welcome you with great pleasure. Many shops are open day and night. Everything is available and close to the apartment. You will find many bars, restaurants, supermarkets and restaurants nearby.  The 12th arrondissement is a Paris family , with few tourists although it's very close to all the must sees and must dos. It is ideal for discovering the life of Parisians. The area is less dense than other parts of Paris, and have many a
14458		Stunning, bright and spacious top floor apartment with an unobstructed view of Gare deLyon. Fully furnished, 1 bedroom and a double living room, balcony on every window. All means of transportation available, immediate access to the whole city. Communication by e­mail and phone accepted. Neighborhood very accessible to transportation. 10 minutes walk from Place de la Bastille. ­- easy access to Gare de Lyon (2 minutes walk) -­ from Roissy­Charles de Gaulle Airport (Air France bus line 4, 1 minute walk) ­ several subway lines (M1, M5, M14 & RER A, RER D) ­ - bus lines L20, L24, L29, L57, L61, L63, L65, L87, L91 ­ - taxi station next to Gare de Lyon
14459		Studio 32 m carrés, refait à neuf, 15 minutes à pieds de Bastille, proche Gare de Lyon, très calme, donne sur une petite cour végétalisée.  Quartier commerçant. Lit + canapé lit  Idéal pour vacances ou séjour professionnel. 800 euros / mois
14460	In our family flat, the living room becomes a guest room; we also offer you a small kids room with an elevated bed. Breakfast and linens included. You can prepare meals in our kitchen. The appartment is on the third floor of a century-old building, there is no lift.	A guestroom plus a kids room, in our shared family appartment A few steps from metro line 1 (15 mn to centre of Paris) an old parisian style appartment with oak floors, moldings and marble fire places, but relaxed and familial welcome. In our family flat, the living room becomes a guest room; we also offer you a small kids room with an elevated bed. Breakfast and linens included. You can prepare meals in our kitchen. The appartment is on the third floor of a century-old building, there is no lift. You can have two bedrooms, and we share the kitchen, bathroom and toilets. Our own bedrooms stay private, thank you! Don't hesitate to ask for any help or any information that may help you enjoy your visit in Paris ! I've been living in Paris 30 years now and know the town and its history pretty well. The area is residential and very pleasant, the Bois de Vincennes and Promenade Plantée bring a touch of nature. While sitting at the outskirts of Paris, it is very accessible and well connected 
14461	Welcome to Aligre district Bastille, near Gare de Lyon. Holiday apartment of 56 m² at the 1st floor with elevator in a very beautiful high building 1910 rotunda with wood floors and trim. Completely renovated sunny and bright, quiet, view over clear streets of the neighbourhood. Arranged carefully. New equipments, washer dryer, dishwasher, multifunction oven, hob, steam cooker, toaster, coffee maker, kettle, TV, internet, ipod, iron and ironing board, hair towel, hair dryer,  Kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped with everything you need during your stay Subway, bus, Velib, commercial, restaurant, bar, the famous ‘marche couvert d’Aligre’ at 100 m. In very lively, animated and very well served area. In conclusion the charm of an apartment very bright, in a typical trendy Parisian street, commercial and well served in transportation. Dont Forget to try our taxi services :  Private Taxi : CDG -> apartment : 60 EURO Private Taxi : ORLY-> apartment : 60 EURO WAITING FOR YOU  MOHAMAD  	Welcome to Aligre district Bastille, near Gare de Lyon. Holiday apartment of 56 m² at the 1st floor with elevator in a very beautiful high building 1910 rotunda with wood floors and trim. Completely renovated sunny and bright, quiet, view over clear streets of the neighbourhood. Arranged carefully. New equipments, washer dryer, dishwasher, multifunction oven, hob, steam cooker, toaster, coffee maker, kettle, TV, internet, ipod, iron and ironing board, hair towel, hair dryer,  Kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped with everything you need during your stay Subway, bus, Velib, commercial, restaurant, bar, the famous ‘marche couvert d’Aligre’ at 100 m. In very lively, animated and very well served area. In conclusion the charm of an apartment very bright, in a typical trendy Parisian street, commercial and well served in transportation. Dont Forget to try our taxi services :  Private Taxi : CDG -> apartment : 60 EURO Private Taxi : ORLY-> apartment : 60 EURO WAITING FOR YOU  MOHAMAD  
14462		1 bright room in 2 rooms apartment with all the facilities you need.  It is located in the 12 arrondisement and eventhough it is just 2 blocks from Nation metro & RER train station the building is in the very quite street. It's great for a city break!
14463		Studio récemment rénové, lumineux, calme, avec balcon. Cuisine indépendante. 35 m2, au sixième étage, avec ascenseur. À deux pas du métro Dugommier.
14464	Studio avec une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire, toilette, machine à laver. Pour les fumeurs le balcon est très pratique. Vous pouvez surtout vous reposez paisiblement.	Studio avec une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire, toilette, machine à laver. Pour les fumeurs le balcon est très pratique. Vous pouvez surtout vous reposez paisiblement. Vous avez accès à pratiquement toutes les lignes de  métro grâce à la station de la nation qui est à 15 min à pied du logement, RER A, ligne 9/2/6 et vous avez la station Picpus à 5 min, ligne 6 et la station Porte de Vincennes à 5 min aussi avec la ligne 1. Vous pouvez donc vous rendre dans les lieux touristiques, stratégiques de Paris très facilement. Si vous avez envie de vert le parc de Vincennes est à 15 min à Pied. Vous avez accès au quartier du marais à pied aussi en 30 min... Le 12 ème est un quartier très calme et résidentiel, si   vous avez envie de mouvement vous avez le 20 ème arrondissement de Paris qui est tout prêt et bien sur accès à tout Paris facilement avec le métro et les bus à proximité...
14465	Le logement possède un long balcon permettant à 4 personnes de manger dessus. Il y a des volets ce qui permet d etre bien isolés du jour pour les personnes ne supportant pas être réveillées de bonne heure! ;-) La pièce principale comprenant une cuisine US est bien séparée des 2 chambres. 	Pour les sportifs ou les familles, le bois de Vincennes et le lac Daumesnil vous attendent à 10min à pied! Bercy village et les quais de Seine vous proposent différentes animations tout au long de l année (10-15min à pied) Le logement possède un long balcon permettant à 4 personnes de manger dessus. Il y a des volets ce qui permet d etre bien isolés du jour pour les personnes ne supportant pas être réveillées de bonne heure! ;-) La pièce principale comprenant une cuisine US est bien séparée des 2 chambres. L ensemble du logement est accessible aux voyageurs excepté le dressing L appartement est situé au coeur d un quartier très commerçant (un très bon fromager, caviste, boulangerie, traiteur, poissonerie,...) Le logement est à 2 min à pied de la station Dugommier (L6) qui dessert également Bercy (5min), Trocadéro (25min), Bir Hakeim (Tour Eiffel 20min) Charles de Gaulle-Etoile (30min) Gare Montparnasse (20min), Nation (5min). A Nation plusieurs lignes: Rer A : Disneyland Paris Ligne 9:
14466		2 pièces 43m2.  moderne situé dans le centre de Paris - 3 lignes de métro ( Reuilly ligne 1) et ligne 8 et 6. bus 29. baignoire, WC separe- grande chambre- cuisine avec frigo smeg, four, plaque, blinder kitchenaid, machine nespresso. Écran plasma 102 cm. Appartement calme donnant sur 2 cours interieures.
14467	"An nice atelier in the heart of Paris! Even you came for a romantic stay or for a workweek in Paris,"" Le faubourg B&B"" is the place to stay for night and breakfast.  Ideally located, a beautiful home, quiet, well decorated, in a very nice part of the real Paris that is the 11th-12th near the Bastille and the Aligre market, or ""the gold triangle of restaurants"" . The subway is just down the building.  Barbara and Olivier know how to respected the intimacy of there guests and be friendly in the same time. There Loft and there smiles are enought large for that ! You will have your bedroom ""parent's suite"" with private bath and wc. An organic breakfast served just for you in the living room between 7 and 9:30 and the check out at 10h. Baby bed free in the room, child-room in option possible +50 euros. They are closed during the day. The best restaurants of the moment in Paris are at the end of the street and they could help for every details.  They are very concerned about the cleanliness "	"The old carpenter atelier of Barbara and Olivier is one of the best adress I had in Paris !  Calm, well decorated,  near the best of the 11eThe bedroom offer  intimacy, private bath/wc, 3 stars. An nice atelier in the heart of Paris! Even you came for a romantic stay or for a workweek in Paris,"" Le faubourg B&B"" is the place to stay for night and breakfast.  Ideally located, a beautiful home, quiet, well decorated, in a very nice part of the real Paris that is the 11th-12th near the Bastille and the Aligre market, or ""the gold triangle of restaurants"" . The subway is just down the building.  Barbara and Olivier know how to respected the intimacy of there guests and be friendly in the same time. There Loft and there smiles are enought large for that ! You will have your bedroom ""parent's suite"" with private bath and wc. An organic breakfast served just for you in the living room between 7 and 9:30 and the check out at 10h. Baby bed free in the room, child-room in option possible +50 eur"
14468	Tidy, recently renovated, and nicely decorated. It feels like having a safe, quiet and cozy cocoon right in the middle of the crazy city of Paris. I want you to feel the same way during your stay.	Ideally located at the crossroads between  the famous Le Marais area, the gourmet 11th arrondissement and the very true- Parisian 12th arrondissement. Enjoy the confort of a lovely bedroom and a nicely-decorated living-room with a fully-equiped kitchen. Metro Bastille (Lines 1, 5 and 8). Buses, Vélib, Cabs. Tidy, recently renovated, and nicely decorated. It feels like having a safe, quiet and cozy cocoon right in the middle of the crazy city of Paris. I want you to feel the same way during your stay. I will make sure you make the most of your stay by giving you the list of my favourite spots (not the ones you would find in a guide) without forgetting the must-do. If you're looking for something special (opera, romantic night, nature in Paris, exhibitions,...) feel free to ask in advance ! Direct access to the Arsenal Port, the Promenade Plantée, the nicest restaurants in Paris (11th and 3rd arrondissements), the Bastille Opera, the Marais area, Île Saint Louis (with Berthillon's ice cr
14469	La localisation de l'appartement vous permettra d'accéder facilement à tous les lieux d'intérêts de Paris. Etant en fond de cour, aucun bruit ne filtre de l'exterieur très animé (commerces, restaurants, bars). Un ordinateur avec accès internet et une télévision sont disponibles dans le salon commun, nous pouvons donc nous arranger pour ne pas nous déranger mutuellement lorsque vous souhaitez les utiliser.	Chambre privée pour 2 personnes dans un grand appartement atypique en rez-de-chaussée sur cour dans un des quartiers les plus conviviaux de Paris. Nombreux commerces et transports à proximité.   La localisation de l'appartement vous permettra d'accéder facilement à tous les lieux d'intérêts de Paris. Etant en fond de cour, aucun bruit ne filtre de l'exterieur très animé (commerces, restaurants, bars). Un ordinateur avec accès internet et une télévision sont disponibles dans le salon commun, nous pouvons donc nous arranger pour ne pas nous déranger mutuellement lorsque vous souhaitez les utiliser. Une chambre lumineuse est réservée aux voyageurs. La salle de bain, les toilettes, la cuisine et le grand salon/salle à manger sont des pièces communes mais que vous pouvez utiliser sans problème. Vivant dans l'appartement en question, je serai disponible pour aider mes invités à se sentir chez eux dans le quartier très convivial de Bastille/rue de Charonne. Beaucoup de commerces vous permette
14470	Welcome to this charming apartment about 32 square meters,on the second floor of a small building.The flat is very luminous and sunny with 3 windows overlooking the garden. It was completely renovated with an architect in december 2013. come and stay in a comfortable all furnished place. When you open the door , on your right you have the kitchen and a living room and in front the bathroom.On your left you can see the bedroom. 	this charming  apartment completely renovated is quiet, clean and situated in the 12th district of Paris, one of the most popular and ecological part of Paris with the Vincennes park and his Dausmenil lake. Welcome to this charming apartment about 32 square meters,on the second floor of a small building.The flat is very luminous and sunny with 3 windows overlooking the garden. It was completely renovated with an architect in december 2013. come and stay in a comfortable all furnished place. When you open the door , on your right you have the kitchen and a living room and in front the bathroom.On your left you can see the bedroom. I give you some more details: a fully equipped tiny kitchen with fridge/freezer, microwave,cooktop,coffee machine,a kettle,dishes and utensils and cooking utensils. you have a washing machine new. for lunch you have a dinning table for four persons In front of the open kitchen there's the living room with a sofa that you can change into a single bed for the ni
14471	We provide a Parking if you have a car that will be accessible with a Bipper, there is also a private Garden available if you want to eat outside or take your breakfast. There is also a TV with Cable, Internet/wifi, HIFI with airplay, A computer with guest access is available. We also provide 2 bicycle. bending bed for kid (under 3 years) - Kids security for stairs available.	Very calm and poetic apartment in Paris. Very close to Paris downtown we also provide a private Parking included and Private Garden included if you want to enjoy Paris in the sun. Nation is a very attractive place - restaurant - shopping - groceries. Free wifi - We provide a Parking if you have a car that will be accessible with a Bipper, there is also a private Garden available if you want to eat outside or take your breakfast. There is also a TV with Cable, Internet/wifi, HIFI with airplay, A computer with guest access is available. We also provide 2 bicycle. bending bed for kid (under 3 years) - Kids security for stairs available. All area of the house except 1 room (Not shown on the photos) currently doing some work in the room. Someone will be available if questions Very close from all transport RER, SUBWAY, TRAMWAY Good place to shop (Printemps) Restaurant  Vincennes Park to go and have some nature walk 2 min from RER AND SUBWAY RER A  Line 1 subway 10 min from Paris Downtown 10 
14472		Beau studio 30 m2 standing bastille gare de Lyon proche coulée verte avec parking gardien, cuisine salle de bain WC séparées. Métro très proche. 
14473	2 belle terrasses	Appartement de 3 pièces, neuf, tout équipé. 2 terrasses fleuries Proche Gare de Lyon, Bercy  Tarif raisonnable en échange de l' arrosage des plantes + nourrir l'adorable petit chat propriétaire des lieux  2 belle terrasses Accès à tous l'appartement  Total access Remise des clés et visite du quartier  Quartier paisible, proche des commerces, facile d'accès (ligne 14 et RER A) Marché le mardi et le vendredi  Proche Gare de Lyon (RER A et D,  Métro 1 et 14) Bercy (Métro ligne 14 et 6), Dugommier (Métro ligne 6)  En échange d'un prix raisonnable nous vous demandons d'arroser un peu les plantes et de nourrir notre chat  In exchange of a reasonable price we ask you to water the plants and feed our cat
14474	The apartment is totally renovated with all the applicances you could need... It has a beautiful view. The bedroom is furnished with a comfortable queen size bed. There is a medium dresser for you to put your clothes (the closet will have my clothes but I'll leave you some place to hang things if you like). 	Totally renovated apartment in center of Paris. Beautiful building with view, 5th floor with elevator. It is a two bedroom apartment, the other room is occupied by me (29 year old female). I can give you suggestions of stuff to see during your stay. 
14475	Enjoy the pleasure of a 60 meters fully renovated an old 19th century Parisian building. Calm and safe neighborhood, very well connected to the city centre (15 minutes to Hôtel de Ville, Marais…).   2 metro lines (1 and 6) and 3 bus lines available. A few minutes away by bycicle from the Bois de Vincennes, the biggest park in Paris, and the zoo. Every Wednesday and Saturday morning you can enjoy a very typical food market a few steps away and find the best French products.	Typical old Parisian apartment in Nation area, 60 square meters renovated with taste, very comfortable bed, fully equipped kitchen, well connected to the city centre (15 minutes to the Marais), and the best of French gastronomy shops just downstairs. Enjoy the pleasure of a 60 meters fully renovated an old 19th century Parisian building. Calm and safe neighborhood, very well connected to the city centre (15 minutes to Hôtel de Ville, Marais…).   2 metro lines (1 and 6) and 3 bus lines available. A few minutes away by bycicle from the Bois de Vincennes, the biggest park in Paris, and the zoo. Every Wednesday and Saturday morning you can enjoy a very typical food market a few steps away and find the best French products. Entire apartment available for MAX 2 guests MIN 5 nights. We will be available to discuss with you and tip you about good restaurants and things to do. You can contact us in English, French, Italian and Spanish. You will find the metro and bus maps, as well as theater an
14476	Studio de 27 m2 avec une terrasse aménagée de 18 m2. Cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle, 4 plaques à induction, four pyrolyse, grand frigo avec 3 bacs congélation, micro onde, cafetière Nespresso, micro-onde), Salle de bain avec baignoire, lave linge séchant. Pièce principale avec télé grand écran, lecteur dvd, connexion internet/ wifi, canapé convertible très confortable (lit d'appoint supplémentaire pour un enfant) .  Situé au 1er étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble sécurisé avec 2 digicodes, une concierge. 	"Ce beau studio de 27 m2 se situe dans une rue calme du 12ème, à 2min du métro ""porte de Vincennes"". Il dispose d'une grande terrasse aménagée de 18 m2. Tout confort, avec cuisine équipée, baignoire, il peut accueillir 2 personnes (3 avec un enfant).  Studio de 27 m2 avec une terrasse aménagée de 18 m2. Cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle, 4 plaques à induction, four pyrolyse, grand frigo avec 3 bacs congélation, micro onde, cafetière Nespresso, micro-onde), Salle de bain avec baignoire, lave linge séchant. Pièce principale avec télé grand écran, lecteur dvd, connexion internet/ wifi, canapé convertible très confortable (lit d'appoint supplémentaire pour un enfant) .  Situé au 1er étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble sécurisé avec 2 digicodes, une concierge.  Rue calme à 2 min du metro et du tramway porte de Vincennes (ligne 1). Rue commerçante à 2 min à pied, avec poissonniers, fruits et légumes, cave à vin, très bonne boulangerie, restaurants. Château de Vincennes, Lac de saint mandé (idéal pou"
14477	Appartement conviviale , très agréable. Quartier calme (chose rare à paris). Non loin du centre et de toutes ses petites boutiques qui font rêvé. Parc de Vincennes à deux minutes à pied très agréable d'y flâné même en hivers.	Appartement conviviale , très agréable. Quartier calme (chose rare à paris). Non loin du centre et de toutes ses petites boutiques qui font rêvé. Parc de Vincennes à deux minutes à pied très agréable d'y flâné même en hivers. Accès à tout l'appartement. Chambre (placard pour vêtements et chaussures) Cuisine (plaques, four, frigo, vaisselles) Salle de bain (Machine à laver, gel douche, shampooing, sèche cheveux, gel douche, serviettes) Salon (Internet, canapé lit)   Mail ou téléphone  Voisine très sympathique (amie) en cas de problèmes  Non loin de la coulé verte, promenade de plusieurs kilomètres traversassent Paris, idéal pour balade ou sport.  Métro, Bus ou à pied  .
14478	Recently renovated... Idealy situated and quiet. At street level, it offers a cool-fresh place when summer's heat is too high and a warm cosy nest when winter comes. =) You will be welcomed by my lovely flatmate Laetitia, myself or both of us. We will show you around and give you the keys, then you will be free to come and go at your ease. :) We are both working during daytime, and be home on the evenings and at night. (Except one day off and Sundays.) You will be more than welcome to join us during the meals and we will be delighted to chat a little bit with you and share our respective journey memories and experiences.... We also be ready anytime you need to give you further informations about anything that can make you stay even more enjoyable. =)	Recently renovated... Idealy situated and quiet. At street level, it offers a cool-fresh place when summer's heat is too high and a warm cosy nest when winter comes. =) You will be welcomed by my lovely flatmate Laetitia, myself or both of us. We will show you around and give you the keys, then you will be free to come and go at your ease. :) We are both working during daytime, and be home on the evenings and at night. (Except one day off and Sundays.) You will be more than welcome to join us during the meals and we will be delighted to chat a little bit with you and share our respective journey memories and experiences.... We also be ready anytime you need to give you further informations about anything that can make you stay even more enjoyable. =) You will have acces to every shared places in the appartment... Get lazy on the couch of the living room... Cook your stuff in the kitchen and putt your drinks to cool in the fridge... Get some quiet time to read in your bedroom... A littl
14479	Do you want to visit Paris and feel like at home? I rent a comfortable double bedroom with a king-size bed (170 x 200 cm), in a big and bright apartment located in a calm area close to the city centre. Great location, excellent starting point to visit the main monuments, museums and tourist sites. Free Wi-Fi access is available in the apartment, sheets and towels are provided. A homemade breakfast is served in the living room: tea/coffee, orange juice, fresh fruit, homemade bread and sweets, butter and jam. Welcome at home! 	Do you want to visit Paris and feel like at home? I rent a comfortable double bedroom with a king-size bed (170 x 200 cm), in a big and bright apartment located in a calm area close to the city centre. Great location, excellent starting point to visit the main monuments, museums and tourist sites. Free Wi-Fi access is available in the apartment, sheets and towels are provided. A homemade breakfast is served in the living room: tea/coffee, orange juice, fresh fruit, homemade bread and sweets, butter and jam. Welcome at home! Bathroom shared. Depending of my schedule, I will be glad to help you to plan your stay. Lots of restaurants, cafés, shops and supermarkets in the nearby and a nice street market every Wednesday and Saturday morning. Metro line 1 (which serves the main sites of the capital), tramways (T3a and T3b) and Vélib’ stations (bike rental service) are located just in front of the building. Direct connection to: Gare de Lyon, Châtelet, le Marais, Bastille, Musée du Louvre, Co
14480	Accès direct à tous les sites touristiques de Paris. Disneyland à 20 minutes par le RER.	Joli 3 pièces ensoleillé au 4ème étage. 2 chambres, salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparées. Quartier calme. Tous commerces à proximité. Métro, bus, RER (direct vers les Champs Elysées, Opéra et Disneyland) . Accès direct à tous les sites touristiques de Paris. Disneyland à 20 minutes par le RER. Tous les commerces d'alimentation sont au pied de l'immeuble. Accès depuis l'aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle par RER, jusqu'à Nation. Proximité, 150 mètres, métro lignes 6 et 1. Nombreuses lignes d'autobus à proximité. Parking payant longue durée, couvert et gardé à proximité.
14481		"Welcome in a sunny Bedroom (for 2) in big apartment near ""Nation"". Quite neighbourhood with all the accomodations & stores around! The perfect place to rest, lunch and chill while you're touring in Paris! You will have all acces to the common parts (kitchen, livingroom, bathroom) and a private bedroom very quiet. As much as I can, I'll be there to answer all your questions and to help you having a nice vacations in Paris It's a very quiet neighbouhood, yet, there's a lot of nice and trendy stores all around The neighbourhood has great transportation possibilities : you'll have a direct acces to the subway lines 6 & 8. And ""Nation"" which is a major transportation station is 10 min. walk from home."
14482	"Oasis of freshness in the furnace of the Parisian summer. "" the countryside in Paris "", artist's House in duplex, 65m2 with own garden, architecture in a typical style of the district: old craftsmen workshops turned into lofts in the middle of trees and birds.  Very friendly dead end walkway with nice and calm neighboors, adjoining private gardens. Direct rent of the owner."	"Fresh oasis under the trees and birds, double floor design decoration, 2 rooms all comfort for 4 to 6 people. At the heart of the lively area Reuilly-Diderot. ressource in the fresh house and peacefull sunny garden, just a step from greatest museums Oasis of freshness in the furnace of the Parisian summer. "" the countryside in Paris "", artist's House in duplex, 65m2 with own garden, architecture in a typical style of the district: old craftsmen workshops turned into lofts in the middle of trees and birds.  Very friendly dead end walkway with nice and calm neighboors, adjoining private gardens. Direct rent of the owner. The whole house is available. Level 1: Ground level in open space of 36m2 with dining room 6 people, lounge (WiFi, hi-fi, radio, scanner, printer, art and design bookcase, sofa bed 2 places, coffee table, armchair Fatboy). Kitchen area with refrigerator, freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, clothwasher, gas cooktop and all the accessories for a good cooking. Level 2: tw"
14483		Cosy flat in the 12th locales between the wood / castle of Vincennes and Nation. 2 lines of subway (3 minutes by walking each).  American Kitchen With equipments, bathroom With towels.
14484	Studio de 20m2 lumineux et pleins de charme avec une cuisine ouverte, TV, Wifi et le coin nuit puis une petite salle de bain ( avec machine à laver)  situé au 1 ère étage (sans ascenseur). 	Charmant Studio de 21m2, idéalement situé à côté de Nation et ses commerces. Clair et calme au 1er étage au dessus d'un bar de quartier très peu bruyant.  Par métro: Nation, Picpus et porte de Vincennes  Quartier sympathique et familial. Studio de 20m2 lumineux et pleins de charme avec une cuisine ouverte, TV, Wifi et le coin nuit puis une petite salle de bain ( avec machine à laver)  situé au 1 ère étage (sans ascenseur).
14485		Bonjour, Super appartement de 76 m2 dans lequel je loue une chambre de 12 m2 très bel immeuble haussmanien situé rue du Rendez-Vous dans le 12 ème arrondissement de Paris Très jolie rue, très commerçante à 2 pas du métro Nation
14486		Studio de 25m2, situé proche des lignes de métro 1 et 6, tram 3, RER A. Lumineux, au calme et bien entretenu, idéal pour un séjour de quelques jours à Paris. Quartier calme mais avec des restaurants, café et magasins. à 5 min à pied du métro, à 15min à pied du RER A, à 10 min à pied du tram 3
14487	Close to the citycenter, 4 stops in metroline 1, the appartment 4 min from metro in a relaxed, safe neighbourhood. You have a typical marketplace, Aligre within 5 min walk. Grocerystores nearby, cafes and restaurants more than you can use. The building is old 4the floor no lift but apt is in a correct shape, tranquil with a view.  Metrolines 1 and 8, bus 86 to the center, rer A.	Close to the citycenter, 4 stops in metroline 1, the appartment 4 min from metro in a relaxed, safe neighbourhood. You have a typical marketplace, Aligre within 5 min walk. Grocerystores nearby, cafes and restaurants more than you can use. The building is old 4the floor no lift but apt is in a correct shape, tranquil with a view.  Metrolines 1 and 8, bus 86 to the center, rer A. Wifi for 2, tv I stay closeby and will be helpfull whereever needed. Heating additional
14488		Appartement 35m2  PARIS Minimum 2 Nuits Metro Michel BIZOT 50 mètres 2 pièces  Très bien situé Confortable,salon,télévision,wifi,cuisine équipé .lave vaisselle linge micro ondes frigo ,chambre 1 grand lit, salle de bains douche, commerces restaurants metro à 40 mètres
14489	Spacious apartment, very calm and bright, on the first floor to the south, with the windows to the inner courtyard. The apartment, of a total 110 sqm, is in an ancient stone building of 1910. With an atypical layout and wooden floors, it has preserved a retro style of the 1950s. The rooms including the art studio are decorated with paintings, sculptures, and installations (see the photograph of the house map). A total four beds: There is a spacy bedroom with a large double bed (55x79 inches or 140x200 cm), a living room with a (pull-out) single sofa-bed, and an other large living room with a (pull-out) double sofa bed (55x79 inches or 140x200 cm) with a comfortable thick mattress, as well as a single-bed.  The kitchen is equiped with : Oven range, Fridge, Coffee machine, Electric kettle, Toaster, Cooking ware, Tableware, Dishware etc. There are 2 bathrooms with each a toilet and a bathtub with shower. Amenities : Soap, Shampoo, Toilet paper, Hair dryer.  Bedsheets, bath towels, and kit	Welcome to one of the most popular districts of Paris : Faubourg St Antoine. Stroll around the café terrasses, visit shops and markets. And after a long day of touring, enjoy the 110 sqm artist apartment! Discover Paris with an at home athmosphere. Spacious apartment, very calm and bright, on the first floor to the south, with the windows to the inner courtyard. The apartment, of a total 110 sqm, is in an ancient stone building of 1910. With an atypical layout and wooden floors, it has preserved a retro style of the 1950s. The rooms including the art studio are decorated with paintings, sculptures, and installations (see the photograph of the house map). A total four beds: There is a spacy bedroom with a large double bed (55x79 inches or 140x200 cm), a living room with a (pull-out) single sofa-bed, and an other large living room with a (pull-out) double sofa bed (55x79 inches or 140x200 cm) with a comfortable thick mattress, as well as a single-bed.  The kitchen is equiped with : Oven 
14490		Beau 2 pièces de 41 m²,décoré avec goût, et ensoleillé. Il est situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble bien entretenu. Copropriété très calme. A 5 minutes à pieds du célèbre marché d'Aligre,à 10 minutes à pieds de la Bastille et 15 du Marais,donnant sur la Coulée Verte vous pourrez ainsi apprécier tous les charmes de la vie parisienne (fooding,shopping, verdure) dans un quartier qui a su rester authentique et qui regorge d'adresses sympathiques. Je serai à proximité et joignable durant tout le séjour des (website hidden) me ferai un plaisir de pouvoir les orienter, leur venir en aide ou les conseiller. Quartier typiquement parisien et qui reste authentique... Logement à proximité de tous les types de transports: métro (ligne 1,8,6 et 14), bus. Les cars Air France en provenance de Roissy CDG s'arrêtent à Gare de Lyon.
14491	The room is in a spacious flat (65m2), recently refurbished, at the 6th floor with a lift. The room accesses a great balcony with an open view and exposed S-E so the room stays sunny most of the day. And it's perfect for a coffee on the balcony!	Lovely Room with Double bed,very quiet, sunny and comfi, in a spacious and charming flat near Place de la Nation, XII arrondissement. The room is in a spacious flat (65m2), recently refurbished, at the 6th floor with a lift. The room accesses a great balcony with an open view and exposed S-E so the room stays sunny most of the day. And it's perfect for a coffee on the balcony! The flat is equipped with wifi, a phone line you can use to call landlines of many countries for free (United Stated, UK, ...). The kitchen is well equipped, with oven, microwave, fridge, wash-machine, induction hob. PLEASE do come with your own towel, or contact me prior arrival if you need one!... The flat is a flatshare and I'm the one living in the second room. I'll be busy working and i will give you the space you need to enjoy your stay, but i'm super friendly and I will always be happy to have a chat around a coffee or some wine! I'm also perfectly fluent in English and would be more than happy to help you
14492		Studio 20 m2 refait à neuf entièrement équipé (internet, machine à laver,cuisine équipée) situé dans une rue calme à 5 min du quartier populaire de Bastille métro Ledru-rollin 2min, métro Gare de Lyon 7min. Canapé convertible pouvant accueillir 2p 
14493	Deux pièces charmant, au calme, bien équipé à deux pas du métro   Très proches  de Vincennes et son parc  florale. À deux pas d d'la promenade verte et de la place de la nation  Oui !  Quartier bien desservi et calme !  Ligne de métros desservant nation et la ligne 6	Deux pièces charmant, au calme, bien équipé à deux pas du métro   Très proches  de Vincennes et son parc  florale. À deux pas d d'la promenade verte et de la place de la nation  Oui !  Quartier bien desservi et calme !  Ligne de métros desservant nation et la ligne 6 Très proches  de Vincennes et son parc  florale. À deux pas d d'la promenade verte et de la place de la nation  Oui !  Quartier bien desservi et calme !  Ligne de métros desservant nation et la ligne 6
14494	Close Reuilly Diderot, Bastille, Train station Gare de Lyon, District of Aligre 2 beautiful studios in 3 eme stages without elevator in a bright, quiet renovated Parisian building fitted out carefully, Cooking(Kitchen) and bathroom are completely equipped with all which you need during your stay, washing machine, multifunction oven and oven microwaves, toaster, barkeeper(coffeepot), kettle tv, internet, table and iron, hairdryer …  Between three Subway, bus, Velib, shops, restaurant. A very alive and livened up and very well harmed district.  In conclusion the charm of the bright studios in a central Parisian typical district, a branch, trading and harmed well in transport.  WAITING FOR YOU  Juliette	Stay in family in two equipped adjoining studios. A) 1 bed for 2 people and 1 bed for 1 person. B) 1 bed for pers 2, and in mezzanine 1 bed for a person.  3 ème stage, without elevator, bright. Equipped to stay pleasantly Close Reuilly Diderot, Bastille, Train station Gare de Lyon, District of Aligre 2 beautiful studios in 3 eme stages without elevator in a bright, quiet renovated Parisian building fitted out carefully, Cooking(Kitchen) and bathroom are completely equipped with all which you need during your stay, washing machine, multifunction oven and oven microwaves, toaster, barkeeper(coffeepot), kettle tv, internet, table and iron, hairdryer …  Between three Subway, bus, Velib, shops, restaurant. A very alive and livened up and very well harmed district.  In conclusion the charm of the bright studios in a central Parisian typical district, a branch, trading and harmed well in transport.  WAITING FOR YOU  Juliette Whole accommodation(housing)  Check-in time : 2 pm (or later)  Check
14495	Design and brand new furniture. Easy access to Paris historic center (10min subway from the city hall and the Marais).	Nice 60sqm apartment close to the High Line. A large bedroom with double bed
14496	"50m2, apartment, 4th floor with elevator.  Apartment fully equipped.  2 secured entrance doors with code and interphone. Quiet area. Bakery, 4 supermarkets only 1 min away. Within 5 minutes : - Opera Bastille  - Marché d'Aligre (market, open everyday but Monday). Typically Parisian with a well-known bar called ""Le Baron Rouge"" (""Gossip Girl"" has been shot there several times). On Sunday there's music, you can drink tea and families and friends meet there to spend the day together. Close to line 1. Equipment  :  - Kitchen with 4 cooktops, cooker hood, fridge, oven, washing machine.  Dishes are at your disposal.  - Living room / dining room with TV  - One bed for 2 people, possible for one person to sleep on the sofa. - Bathroom with bath tub - Toilet separated from bathroom The whole apartment will be yours. During your stay I will be living close to your apartment in case you have questions. Place du Colonel Bourgoin right next to the house.  Transportation - Gare de Lyon : Metro line "	"50m2, apartment, 4th floor with elevator.  Apartment fully equipped. Quiet area. Bakery, 4 supermarkets only 1 min away. Within 5 minutes : - Opera Bastille  - Marché d'Aligre (market) Close to line 1. 50m2, apartment, 4th floor with elevator.  Apartment fully equipped.  2 secured entrance doors with code and interphone. Quiet area. Bakery, 4 supermarkets only 1 min away. Within 5 minutes : - Opera Bastille  - Marché d'Aligre (market, open everyday but Monday). Typically Parisian with a well-known bar called ""Le Baron Rouge"" (""Gossip Girl"" has been shot there several times). On Sunday there's music, you can drink tea and families and friends meet there to spend the day together. Close to line 1. Equipment  :  - Kitchen with 4 cooktops, cooker hood, fridge, oven, washing machine.  Dishes are at your disposal.  - Living room / dining room with TV  - One bed for 2 people, possible for one person to sleep on the sofa. - Bathroom with bath tub - Toilet separated from bathroom The whole apar"
14497		Bright 2 rooms apartment with all the facilities you need. It is located in the 12 arrondisement and eventhough it is just 2 blocks from Nation metro & RER train station the building is in the very quite street. It's great for a city break!
14498		Appartement de 50 mètres carrés situé en plein coeur du 12ème arrondissement. A 5 minutes du lac daumesnil, 10 minutes du bois de boulogne. L'appartement est à proximité de 3 lignes de métro, tram, et bus. Tout est équipé :)
14499	Nous aimons cet appartement car il est très lumineux et agréable. Le soleil est présent toute la journée, le matin dans le salon, et le soir on peut admirer le coucher de soleil depuis la chambre. We love this apartment because it's very cosy and full of sunlight. Sun is here all the day, in the living room in the morning, and you'll see the sunset from the windows of the bedroom.	Deux-pièces accueillant et douillet, niché au 6ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble parisien. Peut loger 2 personnes (idéal pour un couple) dans une rue calme et très proche du métro. Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, et de toutes les commodités du quartier. Hyper-centre rapidement accessible en métro. Nous aimons cet appartement car il est très lumineux et agréable. Le soleil est présent toute la journée, le matin dans le salon, et le soir on peut admirer le coucher de soleil depuis la chambre. We love this apartment because it's very cosy and full of sunlight. Sun is here all the day, in the living room in the morning, and you'll see the sunset from the windows of the bedroom. Cuisine : toute équipée avec four/micro-ondes, frigo, congélateur, distributeur d'eau, lave vaisselle, machine expresso, blender, toaster, bouilloire, plaques à induction.  Salle de bain : WC, douche à l'italienne, vasque, grand miroir, shampoing, gel douche, serviettes de toilette. Connexion Wifi. Kitchen : fully 
14500		Appartement de 35 m2 environ, avec 1 chambre de 15 m2 avec lit pour deux places, au 3e étage d'un immeuble début du 20e siècle. Votre chambre donne sur une petite rue calme du 11e arrondissement de Paris, à proximité de tout commerce et transport. La totalité de l'appartement, à l'exception de ma chambre qui reste fermer le temps de votre séjour. Pendant votre séjour, je ne serais pas présent. Vous recevoir, c'est aussi vous faciliter votre séjour, je serai donc toujours disponible pour vous aider et répondre à toutes vos questions. Quartier populaire parisien, très proche du centre, La place de la Bastille est à 15 min à pied,  et le secteur est très bien desservi par les transports en commun. 3 petits supermarchés à proximité ( ouvert jusqu'a 22h et aussi le dimanche) et de nombreux restaurants à coté . Ce logement est à quelques minutes des métros ligne 1-2-6-8-9. Accès direct en bus pour l'aéroport Roissy-Charles de Gaulle depuis la place de la Nation.
14501	Nous vous proposons un studio de 25m2 avec une magnifique terrasse arborée de 15m2, situé au 6ème étage, avec ascenseur. Il est situé dans l'une des rues donnant directement sur la Place d'Aligre. Il se compose : - d'une pièce à vivre (TV, wifi,) - d'un canapé lit en cuir (140 cm) - d'une cuisine (équipée d'un frigidaire, congélateur, plaque induction, four, grille-pain, cafetière, micro-onde,machine à laver) - d'une salle de bain (douche, lavabo, WC ) 	Studio avec terrasse de 15m2 pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, situé au coeur du célèbre Marché d'Aligre ! Entre les métros Ledru Rollin (ligne 8) et Gare de Lyon (lignes 1, 14, RER A, RER D) et à 10 minutes à pieds de Bastille, 15 minutes du Marais. Nous vous proposons un studio de 25m2 avec une magnifique terrasse arborée de 15m2, situé au 6ème étage, avec ascenseur. Il est situé dans l'une des rues donnant directement sur la Place d'Aligre. Il se compose : - d'une pièce à vivre (TV, wifi,) - d'un canapé lit en cuir (140 cm) - d'une cuisine (équipée d'un frigidaire, congélateur, plaque induction, four, grille-pain, cafetière, micro-onde,machine à laver) - d'une salle de bain (douche, lavabo, WC ) Vous avez accès à tous les équipement de l'appartement sans restrictions. Si vous avez besoin de quoique ce soit, vous pouvez nous contacter par téléphone, mail ou par airbnb. Le quartier Au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus animés de Paris, vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants et cafés, bou
14502	This is a very nice apartment, quiet and pleasant. In summer there are often barbecues with the neighbors in the small inner courtyard.	This two-bedroom apartment with exposed brick, warm and cozy, typical!  Perfect for a couple, it is centrally located in a very quiet courtyard. Enjoy the fireplace and the loft bedroom. This is a very nice apartment, quiet and pleasant. In summer there are often barbecues with the neighbors in the small inner courtyard. The apartment is at your disposal. Only a few cupboards remain private. I keep there personal belongings that are checked each time. I'll be there to welcome travelers, as well as upon departure. I will not be there during the stay. This is a family district, popular. You will find everything within 300 meters walk.  There is one of the best open market of Paris near the apartment. Closest station: Reuilly-Diderot. Line 1, 8 and RER A (Nation).
14503	Light & sun, renovated, loft style 5th floor with elevator Doorwoman	Lots of light, view on the park, 1 min walk from Train#8, Tram, and park.  Hotel suite / loft style studio:  - 1 queen+ bed.  - Bathtub & shower - kitchen - dishwasher, washing machine, dryer - TV, MacBook Pro - Balcony with sun (south). Renovated in August. Coach still not delivered.
14504	Comfortable and quiet room overlooking a courtyard with : - A double bed - A single bed - A wardrobe closet - A desk with drawers - A chair - A table If necessary a folding bed for a child up to 2/3 years or an extra mattress on the floor can be added. However, this requires removing the chair and the table otherwise you can not circulate. Sheets and blankets are provided as well as access to the Internet + TV. Large bathroom with bath, separate shower and toilet. Towels and hair dryer are provided. Kettle and coffee maker are available in the room if you just want a coffee or tea for breakfast. minimum stay 3 nights. 50 euros per night for 1 person + 15 euros per night for an additional person. Do not hesitate to contact me to request additional information or give me more information about you, your plans and wishes. I will answer quickly.	My guest room is located in my apartment on the 1st floor of a building typical of the XIXthe century Paris architecture called Haussman building.  Hope you feel like a friend at home. Comfortable and quiet room overlooking a courtyard with : - A double bed - A single bed - A wardrobe closet - A desk with drawers - A chair - A table If necessary a folding bed for a child up to 2/3 years or an extra mattress on the floor can be added. However, this requires removing the chair and the table otherwise you can not circulate. Sheets and blankets are provided as well as access to the Internet + TV. Large bathroom with bath, separate shower and toilet. Towels and hair dryer are provided. Kettle and coffee maker are available in the room if you just want a coffee or tea for breakfast. minimum stay 3 nights. 50 euros per night for 1 person + 15 euros per night for an additional person. Do not hesitate to contact me to request additional information or give me more information about you, your pl
14505		Appartement tout équipé. Très lumineux aéré et agréable. Parquet, grande salle de bain, cuisine équipée.  Parc en face donc sans vis à vis. Métro juste à la sortie de la porte. Très simple d'accés, métro, voiture, tram... Profitez de nos colocataires agréables et très actif pour découvrir les bons plan de Paris. Bois de vincennes, zoo, quai de seine, petits commerces ... En bas de la porte ( Métro / Tram ) Fumeur
14506		"Au fond de la cour d'un bel immeuble, construction contemporaine de 2012, conçue par un architecte comme un loft ouvrant sur une cour privative fleurie par de grandes baies vitrées. En RDC cuisine, coin repas et séjour, à l'étage deux chambres, dont la chambre principale louée, avec leur salle de bains. Calme absolu, luminosité et soleil. Face à la mairie du 12e, quartier d'habitation très agréable et très central. A 100m, la ""coulée verte"", promenade reliant la Bastille au bois de Vincennes."
14507	Appartement de 80m2 - 4 pièces. L'appartement a été refait à neuf il y a 2 ans, nous y vivons avec notre petite fille (qui sera absente aux dates proposées). La chambre à disposition comporte un dressing ainsi qu'un canapé lit type Ikéa confortable. L'appartement est au 3ème (et dernier étage) sans ascenseur.	A proximité immédiate des transports (métros 1-5-8 + bus), l'appartement situé à Bastille est proche de nombreux cafés, restaurants, bars, et autres commerces ainsi que de la Place des Vosges et du Marais (moins de 5 min. à pieds). Appartement de 80m2 - 4 pièces. L'appartement a été refait à neuf il y a 2 ans, nous y vivons avec notre petite fille (qui sera absente aux dates proposées). La chambre à disposition comporte un dressing ainsi qu'un canapé lit type Ikéa confortable. L'appartement est au 3ème (et dernier étage) sans ascenseur. Vous aurez accès à la salle de vie (salon + cuisine américaine), à la salle de bains + toilettes. Equipements :  - TV (48 pouces+ câble + nombreuses chaînes, Canal + et BeIn Sport),  - Internet + Wifi,  - Machine à laver le linge + lave-vaisselle, - Four + plaques de cuisson, - Frigo + congélateur. Je suis disponible si vous avez des questions, et peux vous conseiller sur les lieux à visiter, restaurants à tester, bars où trainer... Toutes les informati
14508	Chaleureux et lumineux, l'appartement est un studio de 22 m2 situé au 3ème étage avec une kitchenette (comprenant deux plaques de cuisson, un réfrigérateur et les ustensiles utiles pour cuisiner) et une salle de bains avec baignoire.	"Studio aux poutres apparentes cosy et lumineux ! Situé dans un quartier agréable et vivant, peut accueillir deux personnes et est idéal pour visiter Paris (proche Bastille, Marais et Gare de Lyon). Chaleureux et lumineux, l'appartement est un studio de 22 m2 situé au 3ème étage avec une kitchenette (comprenant deux plaques de cuisson, un réfrigérateur et les ustensiles utiles pour cuisiner) et une salle de bains avec baignoire. N'hésitez pas à me demander des informations sur les endroits sympas du quartier ! Quartier vivant, animé et où ""il fait bon vivre"" entre le 11ème et le 12ème arrondissement, beaucoup de magasins et de petits cafés et de restaurants à proximité. A quelques minutes du marché d'Aligre, de la rue de Charonne et à 15 min à pied du Marais. Pour venir à l'appartement : - Métro : ligne 8 (station Ledru-Rollin), ligne 14 (station Gare de Lyon), ligne 1 (station Gare de Lyon) - RER : A (station Gare de Lyon) - Bus : 91 (station Lyon-Ledru-Rollin), 86, (station Crozatier)"
14509	Very bright and quiet apartment in the heart of a lively area. Ideally located close to the port of the Bastille, the Marais, the Aligre Market and Coulée Verte. Charm of the old Parisian atmosphere with all amenities nearby (3 metro station, five bus lines, close to the Gare de Lyon, Air France bus to Roissy, shops open late, market every morning except Monday ). Two bedrooms and a large living room (40m2). A bathroom with a large shower. Functional and bright kitchen. 5th floor without elevator.	Very bright and quiet apartment in the heart of a lively area. Ideally located close to the port of the Bastille, the Marais, the Aligre Market and Coulée Verte. Charm of the old Parisian atmosphere with all amenities nearby (3 metro station, five bus lines, close to the Gare de Lyon, Air France bus to Roissy, shops open late, market every morning except Monday ). Two bedrooms and a large living room (40m2). A bathroom with a large shower. Functional and bright kitchen. 5th floor without elevator.
14510		Petit mais convivial ! Situé à 10 min à pied de gare de Lyon et 5 min du palais omnisports de bercy. Vous serez à la fois dépaysé mais comme chez vous.
14511	En plein coeur de Paris à moins de 5 minutes à pied de la place de la Bastille. Studio de 25 m carrés refait à neuf en 2014 sur plans d'architecte, en rez-de-chaussée dans une rue calme. Cuisine équipée, Dressing, Canapé Rapido! ==ENGLISH== Located in the middle of Paris, at 5 minutes walking from the place de la Bastille. 25sq meters studio, fully redone in 2014 with an architect, on the ground floor in a quiet street. Equipped kitchen, Corner closet, Rapido Couch! 	En plein coeur de Paris à moins de 5 minutes à pied de la place de la Bastille. Studio de 25 m carrés refait à neuf en 2014 sur plans d'architecte, en rez-de-chaussée dans une rue calme. Cuisine équipée, Dressing, Canapé Rapido! ==ENGLISH== Located in the middle of Paris, at 5 minutes walking from the place de la Bastille. 25sq meters studio, fully redone in 2014 with an architect, on the ground floor in a quiet street. Equipped kitchen, Corner closet, Rapido Couch!  Les stations de métro les plus proches:   - à 2 minutes: Ledru Rollin (ligne 8)   - à 5 minutes: Bastille (ligne 1, 5 et 8)   - à 10 minutes: Gare de Lyon (ligne 1 et 14, RER A, RER D) ==ENGLISH== Closest subway stations:   - 2 minutes walk: Ledru Rollin (ligne 8)   - 5 minutes walk: Bastille (ligne 1, 5 et 8)   - 10 minutes walk: Gare de Lyon (ligne 1 et 14, RER A, RER D)
14512	The B & B is located in Paris' 12th arrondissement, between Gare de Lyon (300m) and the station Reuilly-Diderot. 10 minutes from the Bastille, the Marais. Just 15 minutes from Notre Dame are the Champs Elysees. 20 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. The building is of recent construction. The apartment on the first floor with elevator, is occupied by the mother who is a teacher and two high school girls. Guests can avail of a double bedroom (de140 cm), an independent bathroom and toilets outside private bathroom. The varied breakfast, the French will be served in the lounge. Wi-Fi. Possibility to rent a parking space in the building.	The B & B is located in Paris' 12th arrondissement, between Gare de Lyon (300m) and the station Reuilly-Diderot. 10 minutes from the Bastille, the Marais. Just 15 minutes from Notre Dame are the Champs Elysees. 20 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. The building is of recent construction. The apartment on the first floor with elevator, is occupied by the mother who is a teacher and two high school girls. Guests can avail of a double bedroom (de140 cm), an independent bathroom and toilets outside private bathroom. The varied breakfast, the French will be served in the lounge. Wi-Fi. Possibility to rent a parking space in the building.
14513	Nice living/bedroom for 2 persons in a 2 rooms appartment of 52m2 located 30 meters from metro Porte de Vincennes (same line as Champs-Elysées, Louvre, Notre-Dame, Marais, Bastille) in the 20th arrondissement and close to the Nation shopping district. There are 4 metro lines, 1 RER line and 4 bus, 2 tramways, and it is 15 min from Bastille and le Marais. Bath, separated kitchen which you can use, washing machine, very sunny. Sheets and towels included. Internet Wi Fi. It is possible to rent the full appartment for 65€/night for maxi. 3 persons (1 comfortable sofa bed for two in the living/bedroom and 1 adult bed for one person in the kid's room). The bed in the kid's room is available for one person for 30 €. I would prefer young people, 20-35 year or artists. Important : an adorable cat will be your host during your stay.	Nice living/bedroom for 2 persons in a 2 rooms appartment of 52m2 located 30 meters from metro Porte de Vincennes (same line as Champs-Elysées, Louvre, Notre-Dame, Marais, Bastille) in the 20th arrondissement and close to the Nation shopping district. There are 4 metro lines, 1 RER line and 4 bus, 2 tramways, and it is 15 min from Bastille and le Marais. Bath, separated kitchen which you can use, washing machine, very sunny. Sheets and towels included. Internet Wi Fi. It is possible to rent the full appartment for 65€/night for maxi. 3 persons (1 comfortable sofa bed for two in the living/bedroom and 1 adult bed for one person in the kid's room). The bed in the kid's room is available for one person for 30 €. I would prefer young people, 20-35 year or artists. Important : an adorable cat will be your host during your stay. The guets will have the whole appartment, except the kid's room. I will be staying either in the appartment, or very close (500 meters) and will be available anytime
14514	Mon mari et moi souhaitons louer notre appartement lorsque nous sommes en voyage. C'est un 2 pièces de 37m2 tout équipé. Le salon est très douillet, la chambre est spacieuse et dispose d'une grande penderie ainsi que d'un lit très confortable, la cuisine est fonctionnelle et bien équipée et la salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire. Nous habitons le 12ème, à Daumesnil. C'est un quartier tranquille et très commerçant. De nombreux transports entre métros et bus pour accéder aisément aux différents sites touristiques qu'offre Paris. Nous sommes à proximité du parc de Bercy ainsi que des quais de Seine et du quartier de la BNF très fréquentés les weekend. Enfin, nous habitons à quelques minutes du bois de Vincennes, très beau lieu pour se promener en amoureux. Un petit coin de nature au coeur de la ville!	Mon mari et moi souhaitons louer notre appartement lorsque nous sommes en voyage. C'est un 2 pièces de 37m2 tout équipé. Le salon est très douillet, la chambre est spacieuse et dispose d'une grande penderie ainsi que d'un lit très confortable, la cuisine est fonctionnelle et bien équipée et la salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire. Nous habitons le 12ème, à Daumesnil. C'est un quartier tranquille et très commerçant. De nombreux transports entre métros et bus pour accéder aisément aux différents sites touristiques qu'offre Paris. Nous sommes à proximité du parc de Bercy ainsi que des quais de Seine et du quartier de la BNF très fréquentés les weekend. Enfin, nous habitons à quelques minutes du bois de Vincennes, très beau lieu pour se promener en amoureux. Un petit coin de nature au coeur de la ville!
14515		Studio idéal pour une personne seule ou en couple en séjour à Paris. Toutes commodités,four,ustensiles de cuisine,wifi,canal+,canapé lit confortable et propreté. Lumineux et donnant sur cour,vous pourrez choisir entre le calme du studio et la vie trépidante du petit village qu'est ce formidable quartier. Ce quartier est très vivant,mixte,tout est disponible à toute heure. Malgré la proximité avec la place de la bastille,il demeure un petit village,très prisé. Le marché d'aligre est également à 200 mètres. Si vous aimez vous balader,une multitudes de rues chargées d'histoire vous attendent. Si vous êtes plus portés sur le shopping,le faubourg st Antoine est à 50m et la rue de Charonne à deux pas. Pour flâner,vous pourrez profiter de 5 parcs très agréables dont le square trousseau,le plus proche. Les transports à moins de 5min à pieds comportent les lignes 1,5,8 et 9 pour le métro,et le réseau de bus vous permettra en autant de temps d'avoir accès à tout Paris! (Je ne suis pas responsabl
14516	110 squared metres	Located in the 12th district of Paris near La Coulée Verte and Gare de Lyon, the 110 squared metres We live in a quiet area with all commodities within 5 mns walk : supermarkets opened until 9PM, cafés, wine stores, boulangeries, boucheries, fromagerie, open market twice a week. Aligre market is 15 mns walk. If you like nature and culture, you can enjoy the Promenade plantée (like high line concept in NYC) and the Viaduc des Arts (craftsmen shops gathering). Bois de Vincennes is 15 mns walk or you can also hire some Velib bicycles to discover Paris and Bois de Vincennes (with its renovated zoo). 2 metro stations : Dugommier (line 6 for Champs Elysées) and Daumesnil (line 6 and 8), bus stations (lines 29 to Le Marais and Department stores, 46 to Gare de l'Est and Bois de Vincennes, 64, 87 to La Sorbonne and Quartier Latin)
14517	Newly renovated 2 rooms flat (spacious 45 m2).  Very sunny (5th floor with elevator).  Ideal for: - couple - small group of friends or  - business trips (Direct to La Défense - Printer/Scanner/Photocopier at disposal)  Open livingroom/equipped kitchen with a balcony where you can eat (table and chairs at your disposal) with a view on Paris' rooftops.  Sunny and cosy bedroom with double bed and ultra comfortable bedding (mattress topper, ergonomic pillows, etc.).  Bathroom with bathtub and WC.  Free wifi & TV. 	Paris' heart. Very sunny 2 rooms flat, 45 m2, ideal for couple/business. 5th fl. w/ elevator. Open livingroom/equipped kitchen w/ balcony, cosy bedroom with double bed, bathroom with bathtub. Quiet neighbourhood, near Bastille - Gare de Lyon. Wifi.  Newly renovated 2 rooms flat (spacious 45 m2).  Very sunny (5th floor with elevator).  Ideal for: - couple - small group of friends or  - business trips (Direct to La Défense - Printer/Scanner/Photocopier at disposal)  Open livingroom/equipped kitchen with a balcony where you can eat (table and chairs at your disposal) with a view on Paris' rooftops.  Sunny and cosy bedroom with double bed and ultra comfortable bedding (mattress topper, ergonomic pillows, etc.).  Bathroom with bathtub and WC.  Free wifi & TV.  Paris' heart!!  5 minutes from the subway.  5 minutes from Bastille (bus 29 or subway 1) 12 minutes by foot! 10 minutes from Opéra Garnier (RER A) 15 minutes from Arc de Triomphe (RER A) 15 minutes from Champs-Elysées (subway 1)  15 m
14518	It is good for a couple and very near Gare de Lyon ,Nation  All shops , supermarkets, computers shops post office, banks at 5 minutes  Nice little park at the corner of the building Opera reachable direct line by subway  2 subways stops:Montgallet and Reuilly Diderot	This apartment is composed of a living room with an open kitchen and a long balcony giving on the flowery quiet back side of the Residence There is a bathroom with shower and a bedroom with a double bed(170cm/190) The area is very quiet  It is good for a couple and very near Gare de Lyon ,Nation  All shops , supermarkets, computers shops post office, banks at 5 minutes  Nice little park at the corner of the building Opera reachable direct line by subway  2 subways stops:Montgallet and Reuilly Diderot The guests have access at everything in the apartment  What is private is locked in a cupboard The guest can contact me by mail or phone at any time but the cleaning,  check in/ out will be made by a special company because I am not living in Paris  The neighborhood is quiet but vivid  Many asians in the many computer shops rue Montgallet , a small schoolat the end of the Park  many small coffee shops , bakeries and patisseries add to its charm  From Gare de Lyon , take the subway and get 
14519	Very brilliant apartment, 3 windows. Consists of a big principal room.  Fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom. General devices : Fridge, Cooker, Toaster, Washing Machine, Iron, Iron table. Multimedia devices : TV, Internet, Wifi, Telephone. Living room devices : Sofa, bed, Dining Table.	"Bienvenue dans mon appartement ! Grand studio de 38 m² situé au rez-de-chaussée dans une résidence avec gardienne. Avec ses hauts plafonds et ses trois grandes fenêtres, il est lumineux. Calme et reposant, il donne sur une cour privée arboré. Le quartier est agréable et proche de tous commerce. Very brilliant apartment, 3 windows. Consists of a big principal room.  Fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom. General devices : Fridge, Cooker, Toaster, Washing Machine, Iron, Iron table. Multimedia devices : TV, Internet, Wifi, Telephone. Living room devices : Sofa, bed, Dining Table. Studio in the 12nd district, at 10 min from la place de la Bastille. Nearest metros are just 200 metres from the apartment (Dugommier), providing fast access by public transport to every corner of Paris. In front of ""la coulée verte"". Métro Dugommier, Daumesnil, Montgallet. Bus ligne 29."
14520		Très bien situé et très calme, dans Paris 12ème. 3 chambres confortables disponibles avec chacune une salle de bain privative. Grand séjour avec parquet. Proche des transports et des attractions touristiques, restaurants, cafés, magasins, marchés...
14521	Ideally located in the center of Paris, the flat is few minutes away of many metro stations that bring you to most beautiful sight-seeing places in Paris. It has been renovated recently and offers most of the comfort that is required for a great stay in Paris.	"The flat is located in an old parisian building. It has been completely renovated in 2014 and offers all the comfort you disserve while visiting Paris.  Ideally located in the center of Paris, the flat is few minutes away of many metro stations that bring you to most beautiful sight-seeing places in Paris. It has been renovated recently and offers most of the comfort that is required for a great stay in Paris. All comfort (kitchen, tv, wifi, washer) is available, separate bedroom for two people, sofa can welcome two people also. I really like to communicate with the guests. Would I be present in Paris when the guests will be there, it is possible to organize some visits or cook french dishes together :-) Of course it is up to you to decide. Lots of places can be accessible at walkable distances. Nice walk called ""Coulée verte"" brings you to Bastille in one direction and Bois de Vincennes in the opposite direction. Both city and forest are near. Aligre market, famous traditional food ma"
14522	L'appartement conviendra pleinement à 2 ou 4 voyageurs désireux de profiter d'un quartier vivant et (re)découvrir Paris. Situé à 2 minutes de la ligne 6 du métro qui traverse Paris, il vous accueille dans le soleil et vous sera pleinement fonctionnel.	Très bel appartement de 30 m2, T2 pouvant accueillir 4 personnes grâce à sa chambre séparée avec un vrai lit deux places et un clic clac au salon.  En plein coeur du 12e arrondissement, proche tous commerces et métros Dugommier, Daumesnil et Bercy V L'appartement conviendra pleinement à 2 ou 4 voyageurs désireux de profiter d'un quartier vivant et (re)découvrir Paris. Situé à 2 minutes de la ligne 6 du métro qui traverse Paris, il vous accueille dans le soleil et vous sera pleinement fonctionnel. Le salon est équipe d'une télévision, étagère et grand clic clac. Vous pourrez vous reposer dans un grand lit double qui donne sur cour et non sur rue. La cuisine est équipée de four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur ainsi que vaisselles, ustensiles de cuisine et table à manger. L'appartement est situé au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Merci de faire le ménage à votre départ afin de laisser les lieux propres svp. Bien placé et proche métros Daumesnil (lignes 6 et 8), Bercy Village (10min à pied) et Dugom
14523		Appart avec une chambre, salon, salle de bain, cuisine équipée et une très agréable terrasse!
14524	"NEWLY RENOVATED - NON SMOKING The apartment: In 12 ème (the most green of Paris district!), very close to the subway (line 8 in 1mn on foot) close to all commodities and ""boutiques"" (two supermarkets opened till 22 hours, three bakeries, three pharmacies , bars and typically Parisian restaurants and two big markets several times a week: our 52 square meter apartment offers a typically Parisian accommodation to whom wishes to discover the French capital! Description: This apartment can welcome up to 4 persons (or 4 adults and a child)It equiped to a very high standard: the ""parental"" room possesses a double bed, the sofa of the lounge is transformed into real double bed, and the baby's room can welcome a baby or a child ( baby bed and possibility of young child bed). Fully equiped kitchen:four, induction cookers, dishwasher, freezer, Nespresso machine etc.... You will find in the bathroom a bathtub and a shower as well as a washing machine/tumble-dryer For your comfort toilet are separa"	"NEWLY RENOVATED - NON SMOKING The apartment: In 12 ème (the most green of Paris district!), very close to the subway (line 8 in 1mn on foot) close to all commodities and ""boutiques"" (two supermarkets opened till 22 hours, three bakeries, three pharmacies , bars and typically Parisian restaurants and two big markets several times a week: our 52 square meter apartment offers a typically Parisian accommodation to whom wishes to discover the French capital! Description: This apartment can welcome up to 4 persons (or 4 adults and a child)It equiped to a very high standard: the ""parental"" room possesses a double bed, the sofa of the lounge is transformed into real double bed, and the baby's room can welcome a baby or a child ( baby bed and possibility of young child bed). Fully equiped kitchen:four, induction cookers, dishwasher, freezer, Nespresso machine etc.... You will find in the bathroom a bathtub and a shower as well as a washing machine/tumble-dryer For your comfort toilet are separa"
14525	The studio is suitable for individual visitors and couples. It features a living room with one double fold-away wall bed or a set of twin beds, fully equipped kitchenette, bathroom with bathtub and lavatory. Further highlights include: • Broadband internet • Digital TV • Direct Dial Telephone • Weekly Maid Service • Laundry Facilities • Disabled Facilities • Business and Conference Facilities with 3 meeting rooms	The studio is suitable for individual visitors and couples. It features a living room with one double fold-away wall bed or a set of twin beds, fully equipped kitchenette, bathroom with bathtub and lavatory. Further highlights include: • Broadband internet • Digital TV • Direct Dial Telephone • Weekly Maid Service • Laundry Facilities • Disabled Facilities • Business and Conference Facilities with 3 meeting rooms Further highlights include: • Broadband internet • Digital TV • Direct Dial Telephone • Weekly Maid Service • Laundry Facilities • Disabled Facilities • Business and Conference Facilities with 3 meeting rooms In the mansion are available a comfortable breakfast room. Close to the residence are to be found a restaurant, a fitness center and a parking zone. This elegant residence is located in the center of Bercy Village, being part of the 12th arrondissement of Paris. It enjoys great views towards the beautiful quays of Seine River and is placed close to Bercy Park and gardens.
14526	3 charming rooms, great view of the columns of the Throne, Nation	3 charming rooms, great view of the columns of the Throne, Nation The apartment 70 m2, cozy and comfortable on the 6th floor with elevator: 2 spacious bedrooms and lunimeuses, 1 double on quiet courtyard, the other with a sofa bed and balcony A lounge with sofas, seen on the Place de la Nation Cable TV, DVD, iMac and printer available, unlimited wifi internet A fully equipped kitchen, fridge / freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee ... A tiled bathroom with bath and wc Sheets and towels provided The pleasant and airy Nearby, department stores, shops, market aired on Wednesday and Saturday morning grocery store open until 2am opposite the building Well served by the subway (lines 1,2,6,9) and RER A. 7 bus lines Bastille 10 minutes, 20 minutes to the Louvre, the Champs Elysées in 30 minutes Direct connection to the two airports Velib station at the bottom of the building Great parks 20 minutes
14527	Apartment of 40m ², bright, in the 5th floor with elevator.  Big lounge with old style parquet, sofa bed, TV, free WIFI. Bedroom with double bed and desktop  Bathroom with toilets and shower (airdryer). Kitchen with induction cookers, multifunction microwave oven, machine espresso, toaster, and kitchenware. Situated 50 meters away from the square Place de la Nation where is the subway station Nation with the correspondence of lines 1, 2, 6 and 9 and the line of RER(Regional Express Network) A. You will find various shops: bakery, grocer's shop, wine merchant(cellarman), supermarket in the district. If you want to get around by bike, a station Vélib is at the foot of the building and a station for cars Autolib close by. Closeness of  woods of Vincennes, districts Bastille and Gare de Lyon train station, and Marais and Chatelet as well. All international connections are easy to connect to (see map): - To reach Charles de Gaulle airport: Either RER A at Nation and join RER B at Chatelet o	Apartment of 40m ², bright, in the 5th floor with elevator.  Big lounge with old style parquet, sofa bed, TV, free WIFI. Bedroom with double bed and desktop  Bathroom with toilets and shower (airdryer). Kitchen with induction cookers, multifunction microwave oven, machine espresso, toaster, and kitchenware. Situated 50 meters away from the square Place de la Nation where is the subway station Nation with the correspondence of lines 1, 2, 6 and 9 and the line of RER(Regional Express Network) A. You will find various shops: bakery, grocer's shop, wine merchant(cellarman), supermarket in the district. If you want to get around by bike, a station Vélib is at the foot of the building and a station for cars Autolib close by. Closeness of  woods of Vincennes, districts Bastille and Gare de Lyon train station, and Marais and Chatelet as well. All international connections are easy to connect to (see map): - To reach Charles de Gaulle airport: Either RER A at Nation and join RER B at Chatelet o
14528	Ideal for two couples or a family with two children, for an immersion in early 20th century (Haussmann) atmosphere with all the 21st century comfort. 74 m2 without facing buildings, 5th floor with elevator, triple exposure, traditional hardwood floor (point of Hungary), moldings and fireplaces in every room, stained glass in the living room, very comfortable, renovated with a modern twist. Very close to the metro, RER, bus and tram.	Ideal for two couples or a family with two children, for an immersion in early 20th century (Haussmann) atmosphere with all the 21st century comfort. Ideal for two couples or a family with two children, for an immersion in early 20th century (Haussmann) atmosphere with all the 21st century comfort. 74 m2 without facing buildings, 5th floor with elevator, triple exposure, traditional hardwood floor (point of Hungary), moldings and fireplaces in every room, stained glass in the living room, very comfortable, renovated with a modern twist. Very close to the metro, RER, bus and tram. You benefit from a complete equipment (kitchen, Internet, Wi-Fi, HD TV, washing machines ...). At home ... or almost-)! You will find some of my universe (books, magazines, comics, travel photos, music), my favorite places in the area and, this is the goal, some epicurism. The twelfth district around the Place de la Nation is an elegant area. The any neighboring food stores of the Rue du Rendez-Vous will delig
14529	My place is very bright and lovely, it is safe, well situated if you want to enjoy Paris and quiet if you want to rest. It has a small separated kitchen, a nice living room, a big bedroom and a bathtub.	Live like a Parisian (ideal for a couple) in a small, and cozy studio flat with a separate kitchen and a bathroom. 1st floor, south-facing, big windows on cobbled street with bakery at the end. No tourists .. (so keep it a secret!)... but with everyt
14530	I'm a native Parisian and know the city inside out. I've also lived in Montréal and Casablanca I enjoy meeting people from all over the world.  I love the neighborhood, so classic Parisian with its beautiful buildings, countless restaurants and cafés, great bakeries. When you stay at my apartment; I will give you a list of my favorite spots in the neighborhood so you know where the locals go.  I enjoy cooking for my friends and family and relaxing on the weekends and have “pique nique” in front of the Effeil Tower( subway direct line).  APARTMENT: everything you need!  The bright main room with two large double French windows features:  - A bed room with a bed (queen-sized bed- sleeps 2), closet (bedding is provided+ iron).  - A double living and dining area with table and chairs and a sofabed( queen size), NO TV but free wifi internet connection (4G) - A kitchen with fridge, cook-top, sink, coffee maker (Nespresso & american coffe) + cookware & dishware, washing machine.. NO MICROWAVE	A charming quiet place near the Vincennes' ZOO I'm a native Parisian and know the city inside out. I've also lived in Montréal and Casablanca I enjoy meeting people from all over the world.  I love the neighborhood, so classic Parisian with its beautiful buildings, countless restaurants and cafés, great bakeries. When you stay at my apartment; I will give you a list of my favorite spots in the neighborhood so you know where the locals go.  I enjoy cooking for my friends and family and relaxing on the weekends and have “pique nique” in front of the Effeil Tower( subway direct line).  APARTMENT: everything you need!  The bright main room with two large double French windows features:  - A bed room with a bed (queen-sized bed- sleeps 2), closet (bedding is provided+ iron).  - A double living and dining area with table and chairs and a sofabed( queen size), NO TV but free wifi internet connection (4G) - A kitchen with fridge, cook-top, sink, coffee maker (Nespresso & american coffe) + cook
14531	"Appartement calme situé entre deux cours intérieures. Style ""Haussmanien"": parquet, moulures et cheminées décoratives. Grande pièce à vivre et grande chambre avec lit 2places. Petite cuisine équipée. Salon avec canapé convertible 2 places. Sdb avec baignoire. Voisinage très sympatique."	"Rue calme du 12ème.Idéalement placé: accès aux lignes 1,2,6,9 et RER A. A 10minutes de l’Hôtel de Ville (Centre Pompidou), 20min du Louvre, 25min des Champs Élysées, 30min de la Tour Eiffel...Appartement agréable donnant sur cour intérieure, au RDC. Appartement calme situé entre deux cours intérieures. Style ""Haussmanien"": parquet, moulures et cheminées décoratives. Grande pièce à vivre et grande chambre avec lit 2places. Petite cuisine équipée. Salon avec canapé convertible 2 places. Sdb avec baignoire. Voisinage très sympatique. Accès à tout l'appart sauf dressing (qui sera utilisé à cette période pour vous laisser de la place dans nos placards). Quartier calme mais nombreux commerces et bars à proximité. Supermarché à 3minutes, Boulangeries, Printemps pour les fans de shopping à 5minutes, fruitier, boucher etc...Parc de détente et de jeux (Reuilly) à 10min, Coulée verte pour balade où footing (au départ du parc), cinéma à 2min. A deux pas de la station Nation. Comptez 40 à 50mn depu"
14532		Super appartement Paris
14533		Nous avons un bel appartement de 60 m2 (une chambre, un grand salon, une sdb avec baignoire et une cuisine toute équipée) à 5 min à pied de Nation. Avec un grand lit double dans la chambre. Tous les commerces sont accessibles à pied. Le bois de vincennes se trouve a 5 min.
14534	THE APARTMENT This flat is a cosy duplex full of charm (open kitchen, wooden beams, fireplace, and view over a small quiet courtyard). It is a 65 m2 flat on the first and second floors of a very old building and located at metro Reuilly-Diderot (Line 1, the most convenient line in Paris, and Line 8) THE APARTMENT The living room has an american kitchen (table with 4 chairs, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge with freezer) , sofa, fireplace, and flatscreen television. The topfloor bedroom has a large 1,60 meter bed. It has a slanted ceiling and skylight for daylight. The second bedroom on lower level has a single bed with large closet space. The bathroom is large, bright, and clean and equipped with tub and laundry washer. Drying is done on a rack. SERVICES & FACILITIES The apartment is fully furnished with fresh towels and sheets. All utilities are included (cold & hot water, electricity, internet, phone, cable TV ). THE NEIGHBOURHOOD Reuilly Diderot is ideal for those who like green 	THE APARTMENT This flat is a cosy duplex full of charm (open kitchen, wooden beams, fireplace, and view over a small quiet courtyard). It is a 65 m2 flat on the first and second floors of a very old building and located at metro Reuilly-Diderot (Line 1, the most convenient line in Paris, and Line 8) THE APARTMENT The living room has an american kitchen (table with 4 chairs, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge with freezer) , sofa, fireplace, and flatscreen television. The topfloor bedroom has a large 1,60 meter bed. It has a slanted ceiling and skylight for daylight. The second bedroom on lower level has a single bed with large closet space. The bathroom is large, bright, and clean and equipped with tub and laundry washer. Drying is done on a rack. SERVICES & FACILITIES The apartment is fully furnished with fresh towels and sheets. All utilities are included (cold & hot water, electricity, internet, phone, cable TV ). THE NEIGHBOURHOOD Reuilly Diderot is ideal for those who like green 
14535		Joli studio mansardé, avec de grosses poutres apparentes qui donnent un charme certain, entièrement équipé (draps, torchons serviette fournie, cafetière, aspirateur, grille-pain ....) Il est situé près du bois de Vincennes et de la coulée verte.
14536		Charmant,spacieux et lumineux appartement au cœur du 12è arr de Paris. Avec 1 belle chambre moderne pour vous accueillir.  In our cosy appartment in the heart of Paris 12 (Daumesnil)- 1 nice bedroom for 3 people- Ideal place in Paris, you will enjoy
14537	L'appart est très bien desservi par le tram, le métro ligne 8 station Porte Dorée, le bus 46 qui mène à Gare du Nord.Les places NATION et BASTILLE sont juste à côté ! Le logement fait 50m2, se compose d'une chambre, d'une salle de bain, d'une petite cuisine équipée et d'un salon avec un canapé convertible (couchage 140cm). Vous y trouverez le charme de l'ancien (cheminée et parquet).	L'appart est très bien desservi par le tram, le métro ligne 8 station Porte Dorée, le bus 46 qui mène à Gare du Nord.Les places NATION et BASTILLE sont juste à côté ! Le logement fait 50m2, se compose d'une chambre, d'une salle de bain, d'une petite cuisine équipée et d'un salon avec un canapé convertible (couchage 140cm). Vous y trouverez le charme de l'ancien (cheminée et parquet). TV, internet en Wifi. Je serai présente à l'appartement en soirée uniquement, avec mon ami et mon chat ! Le quartier Daumesnil est très animé. On y trouve des commerces des marchés 4 fois par semaine et de la verdure puisque que la promenade plantée (dite aussi coulée verte est à côté) ainq que le Bois de Vincennes. Vous pourrez accéder au logement par le tram ou le métro station porte Dorée (ligne 8). RAS
14538	C'est un nid douillet .. On si sent bien !!	Le studio est un petit nid douillet bien situé.. Dans une petite cour tranquille.. C'est un nid douillet .. On si sent bien !! J'accueille les voyageurs .. Je leur donne toutes les infos sur le quartier .. Les lieux sympa dans le quartier.. Je mets aussi des infos à disposition .. Le quartier est agréable .. Le studio est à proximité du métro (5 mn à pied) Ligne 1 - ligne 8 - ligne 6 - RER A  Au pied du studio Bus 86 -  Une borne de Vélib et Voiture électrique
14539	We have 4 bicycles at your disposal. You can ride to the Vincennes Wood which is 8 minutes away. Weekend concert at Parc Floral is 15 mins by bike. You can do jogging at Coulee vert (3 mins away) or in Vincennes Wood.  We like our area because it is in city center, yet has a green life which is very appreciated in a capital city.	City center located, 2 mins walk to subway station Michel Bizot. 3 bedrooms appartment with 90 sq meters. 4th floor with elevator. Fully equipped kitchen. 1 bath room with a seperate WC. Easy access to Disneyland Paris. We have 4 bicycles at your disposal. You can ride to the Vincennes Wood which is 8 minutes away. Weekend concert at Parc Floral is 15 mins by bike. You can do jogging at Coulee vert (3 mins away) or in Vincennes Wood.  We like our area because it is in city center, yet has a green life which is very appreciated in a capital city. Supermarkets, shops, restaurants, hospital, Vincenne Wood 5 minutes in bike, 10 minutes walking to Museum of Immigration. Bastille Opera and Gare de Lyon (train station) 10 minutes by bus or subway. Easy access to Disney Paris by subway and RER train. 2 mins walk to subway Michel Bizot, line 8  8 mins walk to subway Daumesnil, line 6 and 8  Bus, 5 mins walk to Tramway Special rate negociable if rent for whole month from 28/7 to 27/8.
14540	Bel appartement calme, lumineux de 45 m² et une terrasse, sans vis-à-vis.  Vous aurez le confort nécessaire pour passer un séjour agréable dans la Capitale.  La cuisine est spacieuse et bien équipée (frigo, congélateur, four, plaque de cuisson, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver, grille-pain, cafetière,...).  La salle de bain est propre, lumineuse et comprend une grande douche, des portes serviettes, un grand miroir. La chambre comprend un lit double confortable et une armoire pour ranger vos vêtements. Le séjour est constitué d'un beau canapé, un fauteuil où vous pourrez vous détendre devant la TV, une belle table pour vos repas. Vous aurez accès à la terrasse comprenant une table et des chaises pour manger/lire/se reposer. Idéalement situé, cet appartement est un excellent point de départ pour visiter Paris. A dix minutes de Nation, Bastille, du Marais, du centre Pompidou.. Cet appartement est un vrai havre de paix et de repos après une bonne journée de visite dans les magnifiques rues 	Appartement typiquement parisien, idéal pour couple. Profitez du quartier et ses commerces de proximité, ses marchés.  Visitez Paris grâce au métro (6, 8 et 14), bus ou vélib. Promenez-vous au Bois de Vincennes ou Parc de Bercy. Bonnes vacances !  Appartement typiquement parisien, idéal pour couple. Profitez du quartier et ses commerces de proximité, ses marchés.  Visitez Paris grâce au métro (6, 8 et 14), bus ou vélib.  Promenez-vous au Bois de Vincennes ou Parc de Bercy.  Bonnes vacances ! Bel appartement calme, lumineux de 45 m² et une terrasse, sans vis-à-vis.  Vous aurez le confort nécessaire pour passer un séjour agréable dans la Capitale.  La cuisine est spacieuse et bien équipée (frigo, congélateur, four, plaque de cuisson, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver, grille-pain, cafetière,...).  La salle de bain est propre, lumineuse et comprend une grande douche, des portes serviettes, un grand miroir. La chambre comprend un lit double confortable et une armoire pour ranger vos vêtement
14541	Immerse yourself in luxury with this sumptuous, Baroque-style apartment just steps from the Louvre, the Centre Pompidou, Les Halles and Notre Dame Cathedral, Paris. Each and every detail has been carefully thought out; immaculate furniture, tall ceilings, wooden floors, ornate chandeliers, sweeping curtains and refined décor all come together to create the conditions for a perfect stay, enveloped in luxury and style. The main room is composed of a living area that is at once sumptuous and comfortable, and an elegant dining space. This room has access to a petite, well-equipped separate kitchen. The double bedroom is as stylish as the rest of the apartment, while the bathroom with bathtub blends mosaics and eye-catching tiles, and is at once elegant and practical. Fully equipped kitchen We will happy to give you our best hidden places in the neighborhood and around.  Fully equipped kitchen Nous serons ravis de vous donner nos adresse préférées du quartier et de Paris. Acces direct à la 	Logement placé entre trois des sites culturels les plus visités de France: le Palais du Louvre, la Cathédrale Notre-Dame et le Centre Pompidou. Mobilier soigné, hauts plafonds, poutres, parquet, lustres élaborés, longs rideaux, décoration raffinée. Immerse yourself in luxury with this sumptuous, Baroque-style apartment just steps from the Louvre, the Centre Pompidou, Les Halles and Notre Dame Cathedral, Paris. Each and every detail has been carefully thought out; immaculate furniture, tall ceilings, wooden floors, ornate chandeliers, sweeping curtains and refined décor all come together to create the conditions for a perfect stay, enveloped in luxury and style. The main room is composed of a living area that is at once sumptuous and comfortable, and an elegant dining space. This room has access to a petite, well-equipped separate kitchen. The double bedroom is as stylish as the rest of the apartment, while the bathroom with bathtub blends mosaics and eye-catching tiles, and is at once 
14542	Double room in shared apartment, 400m from Louvre. A shared kitchen, bathroom and living room with another person Just two minutes walk from the Louvre and in a charming area full of bakeries, cafés and boutiques. This is the oldest and most central part of Paris, but on a quiet street away from the tourist hustle and bustle. If you have any questions or need any help, feel free to ask Emmett who shares the apartment	Double room in shared apartment, 400m from Louvre. A shared kitchen, bathroom and living room with one other person. Just two minutes walk from the Louvre and in a charming area full of bakeries, cafés and boutiques. Double room in shared apartment, 400m from Louvre. A shared kitchen, bathroom and living room with another person Just two minutes walk from the Louvre and in a charming area full of bakeries, cafés and boutiques. This is the oldest and most central part of Paris, but on a quiet street away from the tourist hustle and bustle. If you have any questions or need any help, feel free to ask Emmett who shares the apartment Shared kitchen with small oven, microwave, stove and fridge-freezer. Shared bathroom with shower and washing machine. Shared living room with TV, stereo, wifi and sofa. Towels and sheets provided. As much as they want me to! The most historic part of the city, but also full of life and a brilliant mix of upmarket boutiques and more affordable shops. The metro 
14543	Charming appartement located at Montorgueil/Marais. Just in the perfect location and in a typical french building from the 18th century, a charming 30 square meter fully redone and refurbished flat, with the superb traditional wooden beams. Description: Flat at the 4th floor (no lift) , sleeps two in a spacious living room, with a functional small kitchen and bathroom, fully exposed south so a lot of sun during the day. The flat is fully functional and recently refurbished: shower, WC, oven, stove, washing machine, Ipod Player, TV (only to watch DVD), DVD player, WIFI and fully equiped with kitchen ustencils and sheets/towels. Location: Literally when you step out you are situated in rue de Montorgueuil, one of the most popular central areas in Paris: (website hidden) 15 minutes walk from the Louvre, Saint Germain des Près and Montmartre, this is most central area you could be in Paris! Great atmosphere as well as for friends than for a romantic escapism, please don't hesitate to email	Charming appartement located at Montorgueil/Marais. Just in the perfect location and in a typical french building from the 18th century, a charming 30 square meter fully redone and refurbished flat, with the superb traditional wooden beams. Description: Flat at the 4th floor (no lift) , sleeps two in a spacious living room, with a functional small kitchen and bathroom, fully exposed south so a lot of sun during the day. The flat is fully functional and recently refurbished: shower, WC, oven, stove, washing machine, Ipod Player, TV (only to watch DVD), DVD player, WIFI and fully equiped with kitchen ustencils and sheets/towels. Location: Literally when you step out you are situated in rue de Montorgueuil, one of the most popular central areas in Paris: (website hidden) 15 minutes walk from the Louvre, Saint Germain des Près and Montmartre, this is most central area you could be in Paris! Great atmosphere as well as for friends than for a romantic escapism, please don't hesitate to email
14544	Very quite in center of Paris !	Studio 32M2 with Terrace 14m2 in the peace right in the heart of Paris Louvre/Opera, 1st luxury district arrond marketplace St Honoré. Department stores, Louvre, Gardens Tuillerie.4 stage without elevator. Subway Tuillerie ( L1 ) - Pyramide (L14) Very quite in center of Paris ! Accés in a big dressing room and a cupboard for tidied up suitcase
14545	"Metro chatelet les halles. Paris center city, studio 22m2 . 5th floor with balcony Please look at home rules about cleaning and linen because of the 50e you have to give when arriving in house. The flat's location  is truly as central as can be in Paris.  Many of the major touristic destinations are within easy walking distance, like Notre Dame de Paris, the Latin Quarter or the Centre Pompidou. It is right next to  "" Les Halles"" forum, which  is simultaneously a huge public transportation hub, a large underground shopping center, and the quintessential meeting spot for Parisians. The neighborhood is ideally situated for easy access to surrounding areas like the neighborhood of the  Opéra, where you can find Les Galeries Lafayette.  It is also next to Le Marais and La Bastille, where you can find endless cafés, restaurants and bars.  Just a quick walk south and you will be on the Île de la Cité,  or the Pont des Arts, the famous pedestrian bridge  connecting the left and right banks. C"	"Chambre indépendante et tout équipée dans l 'appartement dans ma résidence principale à Paris. Please  follow the home rules for the communication via cell Metro chatelet les halles. Paris center city, studio 22m2 . 5th floor with balcony Please look at home rules about cleaning and linen because of the 50e you have to give when arriving in house. The flat's location  is truly as central as can be in Paris.  Many of the major touristic destinations are within easy walking distance, like Notre Dame de Paris, the Latin Quarter or the Centre Pompidou. It is right next to  "" Les Halles"" forum, which  is simultaneously a huge public transportation hub, a large underground shopping center, and the quintessential meeting spot for Parisians. The neighborhood is ideally situated for easy access to surrounding areas like the neighborhood of the  Opéra, where you can find Les Galeries Lafayette.  It is also next to Le Marais and La Bastille, where you can find endless cafés, restaurants and bars."
14546	Central location,  In the heart of Paris’s first arrondissement, a short walk from the Louvre and the Marais, with the Seine at the end our lively street. We’d love to welcome you in this newly renovated 1 bedroom apartment. 150 metres from Les Halles RER subway station, which has a direct connection to Charles de Gaule Airport, and all major metro lines stop here. Our apartment has just been fully renovated (May 2012), it’s very clean and all furniture is brand new. It’s stylishly decorated, and it bathes in light. It is extremely well laid out for its size (30M2), like a premium hotel suite, and you’ll find it a perfect home for a short or longer stay as a couple or alone:  living room, separate bedroom with brand new queen size double ded (1.40x1.90 cm) , modern bathroom with shower, separate toilet, separate kitchen fully equiped incl. dishwasher. Wifi, telephone , TV, all provided without surcharge. As the apartment is situated on the fourth floor (no elevator), with views on the 	Central location,  In the heart of Paris’s first arrondissement, a short walk from the Louvre and the Marais, with the Seine at the end our lively street. We’d love to welcome you in this newly renovated 1 bedroom apartment. 150 metres from Les Halles RER subway station, which has a direct connection to Charles de Gaule Airport, and all major metro lines stop here. Our apartment has just been fully renovated (May 2012), it’s very clean and all furniture is brand new. It’s stylishly decorated, and it bathes in light. It is extremely well laid out for its size (30M2), like a premium hotel suite, and you’ll find it a perfect home for a short or longer stay as a couple or alone:  living room, separate bedroom with brand new queen size double ded (1.40x1.90 cm) , modern bathroom with shower, separate toilet, separate kitchen fully equiped incl. dishwasher. Wifi, telephone , TV, all provided without surcharge. As the apartment is situated on the fourth floor (no elevator), with views on the 
14547	Nested a stone's throw away from the lush gardens of Palais Royal, this high standard two bedrooms apartment mixes class with comfort. It offers a spacious and cosy living room decorated with style, a main bedroom with two single beds gathered as one queensize bed, a bathroom (featuring a big shower room, toilet, bidet and dressing room), an office convertible into a second bedroom (thanks to two trundle beds), and a second toilet. Bright, elegant and welcoming, this apartment is a very good fit for a family of 4 wishing to spend an unforgettable stay in Paris.	A magnificent 750 sq ft  apartment in the heart of the 1st arrondissement with an accomodation capacity of 4, featuring  a living room, a fully equipped kitchen a shower room and separate toilet. On the 4th floor with elevator of a stylish building Nested a stone's throw away from the lush gardens of Palais Royal, this high standard two bedrooms apartment mixes class with comfort. It offers a spacious and cosy living room decorated with style, a main bedroom with two single beds gathered as one queensize bed, a bathroom (featuring a big shower room, toilet, bidet and dressing room), an office convertible into a second bedroom (thanks to two trundle beds), and a second toilet. Bright, elegant and welcoming, this apartment is a very good fit for a family of 4 wishing to spend an unforgettable stay in Paris. Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV.  House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome 
14548	 Located in a neighborhood called by the real Parisians 'Aux  3 quartiers' as the building is on the border of 'Opera, Concorde, Champs Elisees'. 5 mn walk to the Louvre, the Musee D'Orsay, the Opera and of course the Madeleine church. Near the fashionable Rue du Faubourg St Honore with Haute Couture stores like Chanel, Dior, Hermes......and on the other side the 2 big department stores of Paris : the Galeries Lafayette and the Printemps and a lot of reasonably priced stores. Great Gourmet stores like Fauchon, Hediard.  Restaurants like Maxim, Grand Café.  Trendy hangouts like Buddha Bar and Cafe Costes 2 mn walking distance. Large studio, very bright and has free internet, free calls to USA. Washing machine, microwave and flat tv all new. Has a regular bed plus a pull out sofa. You have the velib and the autolib just at the door of the building and 3 metro stations walking distance Madeleine, Concorde and Opera. The balcony overlooks the grand Boulevard. Building with a 24/7 doorman s	Location,Location,Location! If you are in Paris for a short time and Paris is a city with so much to see ,then you do not want to waste your time in transportation. You can also experience the great french cuisine just step away from the building!  Located in a neighborhood called by the real Parisians 'Aux  3 quartiers' as the building is on the border of 'Opera, Concorde, Champs Elisees'. 5 mn walk to the Louvre, the Musee D'Orsay, the Opera and of course the Madeleine church. Near the fashionable Rue du Faubourg St Honore with Haute Couture stores like Chanel, Dior, Hermes......and on the other side the 2 big department stores of Paris : the Galeries Lafayette and the Printemps and a lot of reasonably priced stores. Great Gourmet stores like Fauchon, Hediard.  Restaurants like Maxim, Grand Café.  Trendy hangouts like Buddha Bar and Cafe Costes 2 mn walking distance. Large studio, very bright and has free internet, free calls to USA. Washing machine, microwave and flat tv all new. Ha
14549	You are in the heart of Paris, between the Louvre, the Opera and the fashionable shops of rue St. Honoré. Magic view overlooking the square and the roofs of Paris. An elegant and nice apartment comfortably fits 4: one bedroom, a large living room with a table for 6 and a double sofa bed, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and washing machine, a large bathroom with jacuzzi.	Elegant apartment in the heart of Paris, between the Louvre, the Opera and the fashionable shops of rue St. Honoré. Comfortably fits 4: one bedroom, living room double sofa bed, fully equipped kitchen, jacuzzi. Easy walking access to all subway lines You are in the heart of Paris, between the Louvre, the Opera and the fashionable shops of rue St. Honoré. Magic view overlooking the square and the roofs of Paris. An elegant and nice apartment comfortably fits 4: one bedroom, a large living room with a table for 6 and a double sofa bed, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and washing machine, a large bathroom with jacuzzi. Living room with queen size sofa bed, flat screen tv, dvd player, dining table for 6. Bedroom with king size bed.  Fully equipped kitchen with dining area for 4, dishwasher, washing machine, iron, oven/microwave, refrigerator/freezer, kettle, toaster, nespresso coffee machine... Bathroom with sink, jacuzzi bathtub and shower, WC and bidet, blowdryer. Walk-in closet. 
14550	I share this flat (85m2) with my 2 roommates. From the room the view is a quiet garden. Secure access to the building.	Cute private room with a double bed in a big flat shared with my 2 roommates. Kitchen, bathtub, wifi, subway (Châtelet) 1min walk.  Walking distance from Notre-dame, Le Louvre, Beaubourg, Saint Germain, le Marais... I share this flat (85m2) with my 2 roommates. From the room the view is a quiet garden. Secure access to the building. You're welcome to use the kitchen, living room and dining room. You can watch TV, take a bath, use the WiFi. We have a washing machine you can use. I'll be happy to give you adresses for bars, restaurants, or any tourist advices you may need. You cannot be more strategically located in Paris. Walking distance from : - rue de Rivoli (1min) : endless shopping - Le Louvre (10min) : greatest museum of the world. - Notre-Dame de Paris (10min) - Le Marais (10min) : perfect neighborhood for shopping, restaurants, bars, cute little streets. - Centre Georges Pompidou/Beaubourg (5min) : Modern and contemporary art museum. Full of life, lots of bars and restaurants, y
14551	Studio Refait à Neuf: moderne, lumineux, entièrement équipé. Surface:  25 m²  Situé dans une Rue Piétonne pavée en plein Paris Rez-de-chaussée sur cour : très calme ( fenêtre double vitrage), lumineux ( 4 grandes fenêtres), pas de vis à vis, protégé par 2 digicodes. Entrée coin bar, cuisine équipée américaine ( plaques à induction, four, réfrigérateur) Canapé Lit neuf pour 2 personnes Salle de bain moderne et clair: lavabo, douche à jets, toilette : tout refait à neuf il y a 6 mois. Parquet au sol Grand dressing  TV  Idéal pour une personne ou un couple En plein cœur du quartier branché-bobo-mode de Paris: Montorgeuil-Etienne Marcel : 10 min à pied du Marais et du Louvre!! Vous découvrirez Paris à pied, ou à vélo, vous êtes au cœur de la vie parisienne: le Louvre, les Tuileries, la Concorde, vous êtes sur les quais de Seine en 10minutes!! Vous avez donc tous les métro, bus, vélib, autolib au pied du studio. Et vous aurez le choix dans ce quartier animé, pour faire du shopping, prendre 	Hi! My flat is localed on the Heart Of Fashion, Arty Area Of Paris: the most central Place to leave: Montorgueil . 5 min to musée du Louvre- 10 min to Champs-Élysées 3 min to Palais Royal You leave in a quiet  place: the pedestrian Village Of Montmatre-Montorgeuil. Studio Refait à Neuf: moderne, lumineux, entièrement équipé. Surface:  25 m²  Situé dans une Rue Piétonne pavée en plein Paris Rez-de-chaussée sur cour : très calme ( fenêtre double vitrage), lumineux ( 4 grandes fenêtres), pas de vis à vis, protégé par 2 digicodes. Entrée coin bar, cuisine équipée américaine ( plaques à induction, four, réfrigérateur) Canapé Lit neuf pour 2 personnes Salle de bain moderne et clair: lavabo, douche à jets, toilette : tout refait à neuf il y a 6 mois. Parquet au sol Grand dressing  TV  Idéal pour une personne ou un couple En plein cœur du quartier branché-bobo-mode de Paris: Montorgeuil-Etienne Marcel : 10 min à pied du Marais et du Louvre!! Vous découvrirez Paris à pied, ou à vélo, vous êtes 
14552	As the apartment is situated on the first floor (no elevator), with views on the inner courtyard. You'll find it an ideal quiet refuge from the bustling city centre, and the vibrating pedestrian chatelet area	Central Paris, two steps away from Louvre Museum and Notre-Dame-de-Paris. The apartment offers a sofa bed very comfortable for two and a large flat screen TV, a fully equipped, kitchen, a bathroom, Internet connection. Sheets and towels provided. As the apartment is situated on the first floor (no elevator), with views on the inner courtyard. You'll find it an ideal quiet refuge from the bustling city centre, and the vibrating pedestrian chatelet area 80 metres from Les Halles RER subway station, which has a direct connection to Charles de Gaule Airport, and all major metro lines stop here.
14553	Entièrement renové tout en gardant le charme de l'ancien App. très bien équipé bien agencé (1 séjour, cuisine séparé, SDB, WC séparé, coin nuit en mezzanine de 9m et hauteur:1m50) , HSP: 3m50 au 1er étage sur rues animées (montmartre et étienne marcel)	Charmant studio avec mezzanine au coeur de Paris 1er dans un préstigieux imm haussmannien. Rénové récemment.Tout équipé. A proximité de la rue montorgueil,Châtelet-Les Halles, centre pompidou, Louvre-Rivoli et place de la victoire. Idéal pour couple. Entièrement renové tout en gardant le charme de l'ancien App. très bien équipé bien agencé (1 séjour, cuisine séparé, SDB, WC séparé, coin nuit en mezzanine de 9m et hauteur:1m50) , HSP: 3m50 au 1er étage sur rues animées (montmartre et étienne marcel) Le voyageur a un accès à l'appartement en entier Je me tiens entièrement disponible pour les voyageurs et je suis constamment joignable par mail et par téléphone . Je veille à donner toutes les informations essentielles et les bon plans ainsi que des conseils pour éviter les pièges à touristes. Le quartier est tout simplement l'un des plus cools et vivants de la capitale, situé au coeur de Paris, à proximité des transports (M/RER/BUS), musée de louvre, centre pompidou, cafés, bars, bistrots 
14554	You cannot be more central. This appartment is very well located, very pleasant and has just been renovated. It is quite small but well agenced with a kitchen/living room downstairs and room/bathroom upstairs. Ideal for two people, but you also have a sofa bed for a third person.	25m² duplex in the centre of Paris, 5 min walking from the Musée du Louvre. New and very well equipped. Many restaurants, bars and shops around although it is in a quiet street. Ideal location, nice to live for 1 to 3 people (one bed + one sofa bed) You cannot be more central. This appartment is very well located, very pleasant and has just been renovated. It is quite small but well agenced with a kitchen/living room downstairs and room/bathroom upstairs. Ideal for two people, but you also have a sofa bed for a third person. The guest have acces to some basic products for cooking, they also have all the necessary equipment to cook as well as a toaster, a kettle, a washing machine, a Nespresso machine; sheets and towels, soap, convertible table etc. We can discuss in english, spanish or french, by email or by phone You're very close to the Musée du Louvre, as well as Opera, Les Halles, Montorgueil, Place des Victoires, Grands Boulevards etc... You have many bars and restaurants (the fam
14555		Located in the heart of Paris, in the pedestrian zone of the rue Montorgueil. A five minutes walk to the Louvre, and a ten minutes walk to both Beaubourg and Notre Dame and the Marais. The ideal location to discover Paris. 5th floor, without lift.
14556		Исторический центр - Чрево Парижа. Сдаю комнату 20 кв.м в квартире общей площадью 56 кв.м со всеми удобствами. 5 мин. пешком от Лувра, 15 мин. от Собора Парижской Богоматери, 7 мин. от Цетра Помпиду!
14557	Charming Parisian flat with parquet, wooden beams and mezzanine.  Very luminous (5th floor), entirely refurbished 1 year ago. Fully furnished kitchen: ceramic hobs, oven, microwave oven, coffee machine, washing-machine.	Charming studio flat with mezzanine at the heart of Paris. 35m², fully furnished, can accomodate 4 people: 1 double bed + 1 double sofa bed. 5 minutes walk from Metro stations, 10 minutes walk from Louvre museum. Charming Parisian flat with parquet, wooden beams and mezzanine.  Very luminous (5th floor), entirely refurbished 1 year ago. Fully furnished kitchen: ceramic hobs, oven, microwave oven, coffee machine, washing-machine. Located on a very quiet street at the heart of some of the nicest and most typical districts in Paris: Montorgueil's restaurants, Châtelet's bars, Rivoli's shops...  The Louvre museum, the Tuileries garden and the Palais Royal are 10 minutes walk. 5 minutes walk from: Metro 4 station Les Halles Metro 1 station Louvre-Rivoli Metro 3 station Sentier RER station Châtelet-Les Halles
14558	Recently renovated, with a fully equipped kitchen, a comfortable bed, you can enjoy the quiet of the apartment which overlooks a courtyard and is located in a one way street. You will have all kinds of shops nearby in a neighborhood could not be better placed.	Studio 25 square meters, ideal for couples , renovated and fully equipped. Situated in the Montorgueil district and just steps from the Louvre Museum and Châtelet les Halles , you can access at any place of Paris in 20 minutes.  Recently renovated, with a fully equipped kitchen, a comfortable bed, you can enjoy the quiet of the apartment which overlooks a courtyard and is located in a one way street. You will have all kinds of shops nearby in a neighborhood could not be better placed. Fully equipped studio, you will have:  Hair dryer  Toaster  Kettle  Oven  Microwave Stereo  TV with cable channels  DVD player I would hand you the keys to your arrival and you'd make a small tour of the apartment will show you the few details to know. For your departure, you will only have to leave the keys in the mailbox. The area is very lovely with many bars and restaurants nearby. The apartment is located in a quiet one-way street. A few steps from the pedestrian Rue Montorgueil, you can enjoy many a
14559	Very well located in the center of Paris, we are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !!! The flat is in Rue des Halle, near the Museum of Le Louvre. The location is really great because of all the concept stores, the typicall French groceries, the restaurants which are around the appartment. There is also possibilities for the night lifers to enjoy the Parisian life : Marais, Quai de Seine, etc. Of course for the people who want to rest them of their walks and discovers of the city you can enjoy quietly the city on the flat's balcony. Two bedrooms, a big Living room with an open kitchen (well equipped : oven, microwaves, hob, fridge, freezer, dishwasher), a bathroom (washing machine, clothes dryer) and an extra-toilets. Greatly connected you can reach every part of the city and its suburb (Versailles, Disneyland Paris, airports, train stations) : RER, metros, buses. I will be glad to share with you some informations about the past and the secrets of this area	Very well located in the center of Paris, we are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !!! The flat is in Rue des Halle, near the Museum of Le Louvre. The location is really great because of all the concept stores, the typicall French groceries, the restaurants which are around the appartment. There is also possibilities for the night lifers to enjoy the Parisian life : Marais, Quai de Seine, etc. Of course for the people who want to rest them of their walks and discovers of the city you can enjoy quietly the city on the flat's balcony. Two bedrooms, a big Living room with an open kitchen (well equipped : oven, microwaves, hob, fridge, freezer, dishwasher), a bathroom (washing machine, clothes dryer) and an extra-toilets. Greatly connected you can reach every part of the city and its suburb (Versailles, Disneyland Paris, airports, train stations) : RER, metros, buses. I will be glad to share with you some informations about the past and the secrets of this area
14560	"Loft Apartment of charm in the center and the heart of Paris at the Palais Royal. Very well located in the passage Beaujolais 5 minutes from the Louvre Museum and the Opera Garnier where you can find the Galeries Lafayette. Parallel of the famous Rue St Anne with all the japanese restaurants! 5mn walking distance to Etienne Marcel / Montorgeuil / les Halles Magnificent view on the theater of the Palais Royal and direct access to the garden of the Palais Royal. Location:  52 Rue de Richelieu or 47 Rue de Montpensier, Paris 75001. Block B, 1st floor without elevator. Door on the right. Metro: Pyramids (line 7, line 14), Plais Royal Musée du Louvre (Line 1, Line 7) Roissy bus near Opéra (Corner of rue Scribe and rue Auber). Many buses on Avenue de L'opera , even the Paris open bus tour! Description: Living area: Open room with high ceilings, parquet wooden, sofa bed from an Italian brand, side window benches, coffee table, radiator, TV 46 "", Wifi. Apple TV. B & W ipod dock. Dining table f"	* Loft Apartment of charm in the center and the heart of Paris at the Palais Royal. Very well located in the passage Beaujolais 5 minutes from the Louvre Museum and the Opera Garnier where you can find the Galeries Lafayette & Printemps. Loft Apartment of charm in the center and the heart of Paris at the Palais Royal. Very well located in the passage Beaujolais 5 minutes from the Louvre Museum and the Opera Garnier where you can find the Galeries Lafayette. Parallel of the famous Rue St Anne with all the japanese restaurants! 5mn walking distance to Etienne Marcel / Montorgeuil / les Halles Magnificent view on the theater of the Palais Royal and direct access to the garden of the Palais Royal. Location:  52 Rue de Richelieu or 47 Rue de Montpensier, Paris 75001. Block B, 1st floor without elevator. Door on the right. Metro: Pyramids (line 7, line 14), Plais Royal Musée du Louvre (Line 1, Line 7) Roissy bus near Opéra (Corner of rue Scribe and rue Auber). Many buses on Avenue de L'opera
14561	Our apartment is situated on the top floor (5th French floor) of a historical residential building dating back to 1860es. There is a MODERN ELEVATOR ! Everything is brand new as our apartment was recently (May 2013) completely refurbished and tastefully decorated by a local architect. The windows are facing a quiet pedestrian street, the building entrance is also from a pedestrian street - rue Pierre Lescot. Minimum stay - 3 nights (regular period), 5 nights (May holidays and the X-mas and  New Year period: please note that no check-in/out is possible on 24/25 December, 30/31 December). However we do accept 2-night bookings when they fill in the gaps between two existing bookings.  WE PROVIDE (items included in the daily price): - FREE wi-fi internet - FREE international calls to fixed lines - Very COMFORTABLE memory foam mattresses   - Quality bedding and linen  - Memory foam pillows  - Set of 3 towels per person - Hair-dryer - Iron/iron board - All necessary kitchen appliances - Sham	"A quiet and clean 1-BEDROOM APARTMENT welcomes you in the historical ""LES HALLES"" neighborhood near the MARAIS and the LOUVRE.  DIRECT public transport (RER and Subway) from the AIRPORTS, the Gare du Nord (Eurostar station) and the Gare de Lyon!   Our apartment is situated on the top floor (5th French floor) of a historical residential building dating back to 1860es. There is a MODERN ELEVATOR ! Everything is brand new as our apartment was recently (May 2013) completely refurbished and tastefully decorated by a local architect. The windows are facing a quiet pedestrian street, the building entrance is also from a pedestrian street - rue Pierre Lescot. Minimum stay - 3 nights (regular period), 5 nights (May holidays and the X-mas and  New Year period: please note that no check-in/out is possible on 24/25 December, 30/31 December). However we do accept 2-night bookings when they fill in the gaps between two existing bookings.  WE PROVIDE (items included in the daily price): - FREE wi-fi "
14562	max 2 people	I have a small house for rent this summer in Paris. This is located in the 1st district - center of Paris. It takes 2 minutes to go to metro. maximum 2 people. Just 5 minutes to go to the Opéra and Louvre Museum.
14563	AMENITIES: -Charming apartment in the most central location -Centrally located – close to the Marais, The Louvre Museum, Notre Dame -Washer/dryer and hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Metro : Tuileries or Palais Royal – Musée du Louvre (Lines 1 and 7) This 60sqm apartment is located on the first floor of a charming Parisian residential building. This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a secure residential apartment building in Paris without and elevator. This cosy apartment would be perfect for a family, as it offers all the comforts of home in a foreign city. On entering there is an entryway from which you can access all of the rooms in the apartment. Just off the hall you have the master bedroom with plenty of closet space and storage for all your belongings, as well as a full length mirror and bright window overlooking the Parisian streets. One set of fresh towels and linens are provided for your arrival. Sleep peacefully at night whilst still bein	1st Arrondissement Louvre-Tuileries Apartment 60sqm, 1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, 1 Living-Kitchen Area, Sleeps 4 AMENITIES: -Charming apartment in the most central location -Centrally located – close to the Marais, The Louvre Museum, Notre Dame -Washer/dryer and hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Metro : Tuileries or Palais Royal – Musée du Louvre (Lines 1 and 7) This 60sqm apartment is located on the first floor of a charming Parisian residential building. This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a secure residential apartment building in Paris without and elevator. This cosy apartment would be perfect for a family, as it offers all the comforts of home in a foreign city. On entering there is an entryway from which you can access all of the rooms in the apartment. Just off the hall you have the master bedroom with plenty of closet space and storage for all your belongings, as well as a full length mirror and bright window overlooking the Parisian streets. O
14564	We are 5 roommates, about 26 year old, and as one of our roommate is for the time being abroad we rent his room. This modern flat is ideally located in the heart of Paris : 30s to Chatelet metro (Paris central station), on Rue de Rivoli, at 200 meters from the Musée du Louvre and within walking distance of all the major tourist sights: Notre Dame, the River Seine, Hôtel de Ville, The Latin Quarter, Châtelet/Les Halles, Centre Pompidou, Picasso Museum, boutiques, cafés, amazing restaurants, the best shopping in Paris... A little bit about the apartment:  *A Bedroom: contains a full-sized bed that sleeps 2 people, storage for clothes, armchair and a stereo.  *A cosy Living room: sofa, a round dining table, a stereo, a desk, puffs and pillow.  *A large kitchen equipped with: a dishwasher, oven, microwave, fridge/freezer, and a large range of cookware/dishware/cutlery for the days you want to eat in. The apartment has WiFi, and there is also a washing machine if you need to do laundry duri	We are 5 roommates, about 26 year old, and as one of our roommate is for the time being abroad we rent his room. This modern flat is ideally located in the heart of Paris : 30s to Chatelet metro (Paris central station), on Rue de Rivoli, at 200 meters from the Musée du Louvre and within walking distance of all the major tourist sights: Notre Dame, the River Seine, Hôtel de Ville, The Latin Quarter, Châtelet/Les Halles, Centre Pompidou, Picasso Museum, boutiques, cafés, amazing restaurants, the best shopping in Paris... A little bit about the apartment:  *A Bedroom: contains a full-sized bed that sleeps 2 people, storage for clothes, armchair and a stereo.  *A cosy Living room: sofa, a round dining table, a stereo, a desk, puffs and pillow.  *A large kitchen equipped with: a dishwasher, oven, microwave, fridge/freezer, and a large range of cookware/dishware/cutlery for the days you want to eat in. The apartment has WiFi, and there is also a washing machine if you need to do laundry duri
14565	Ce logement  se trouve au deuxième étage avec ascenseur d'un  immeuble ancien. Il est EXTREMEMENT bien placé dans un quartier historique au coeur de Paris et vous permettra de rejoindre  à pieds tous les principaux sites d'intérêt en moins de 15 minutes :  le Louvre, Batille, Saint-Germain des Prés, les Halles, Chatelet, Saint-Michel, Notre Dame... A deux minutes à pieds du centre  Georges Pompidou et de l'hôtel de Ville.. Entièrement  rénové récemment et avec le plus grand soin par un architecte, votre séjour sera des plus confortable. Cet appartement est très calme et très bien équipé. Vue sur cour. Salle de bains avec large cabine de douche et toilettes séparées. Sèche-cheveux.  Une chambre avec un lit (160 x 200)  et un canapé convertible dans le salon. Un store  électrique occultant sépare le salon pour la nuit de façon à préserver l'intimité de ses occupants.  (TV HD dans le salon et dans la chambre, WI-FI, draps  et serviettes fournis). Une machine à laver séchante est disponibl	Emplacement stratégique pour ce 2 pièces de 44 m2 situé dans le  quartier du Marais, connu pour son ambiance, ses bars, ses boutiques chics et ses restaurants typiquement parisiens. Ce logement  se trouve au deuxième étage avec ascenseur d'un  immeuble ancien. Il est EXTREMEMENT bien placé dans un quartier historique au coeur de Paris et vous permettra de rejoindre  à pieds tous les principaux sites d'intérêt en moins de 15 minutes :  le Louvre, Batille, Saint-Germain des Prés, les Halles, Chatelet, Saint-Michel, Notre Dame... A deux minutes à pieds du centre  Georges Pompidou et de l'hôtel de Ville.. Entièrement  rénové récemment et avec le plus grand soin par un architecte, votre séjour sera des plus confortable. Cet appartement est très calme et très bien équipé. Vue sur cour. Salle de bains avec large cabine de douche et toilettes séparées. Sèche-cheveux.  Une chambre avec un lit (160 x 200)  et un canapé convertible dans le salon. Un store  électrique occultant sépare le salon pou
14566	"In the heart of Paris 1ème arrondissement you'll find my loft apartment - 45sq meters. It's perfectly located facing rue du Louvre within 30 seconds walk from the center ""Marché Montorgueil"", where you'll find restaurants, shopping and bars. 5 minutes walk from ""Pompidou"", ""Jardin des Tuiliers"", ""Louvre"", ""Le Marais"", ""La Seine"", ""Saint-Germain-des-Prés"" and ""L'Opera"" etc.  Also not far away from trendy restaurants/bars: - The Ballroom (Beef Club and Fish Club) - Café Etienne Marcel - Le Café - Marie Stuart - Frenchie - Derrière - Les Halles  etc This location is perfect for someone who likes to get the local feel. Closets Metro stops ""Les Halles"" and ""Etienne Marcel"" 2 min walk from the building and 2min walk to Les Halles where you can take RER B to CDG or ORLY airports. Not to mention there's vélib' bikes and autolib' cars to rent for a small penny! - double bed 160cm - living room  - dinner room - shower - kitchen - wifi - laundry machine DEPOSIT:  50euro/dollars"	"In the heart of Paris 1ème arrondissement you'll find my loft apartment.Close to everything:  Louvre, Pompidou, Jardin des Tuileries, Rue Saint Honoré, Parc Royal, Etienne Marcel, 5 min to Le Marais. In the heart of Paris 1ème arrondissement you'll find my loft apartment - 45sq meters. It's perfectly located facing rue du Louvre within 30 seconds walk from the center ""Marché Montorgueil"", where you'll find restaurants, shopping and bars. 5 minutes walk from ""Pompidou"", ""Jardin des Tuiliers"", ""Louvre"", ""Le Marais"", ""La Seine"", ""Saint-Germain-des-Prés"" and ""L'Opera"" etc.  Also not far away from trendy restaurants/bars: - The Ballroom (Beef Club and Fish Club) - Café Etienne Marcel - Le Café - Marie Stuart - Frenchie - Derrière - Les Halles  etc This location is perfect for someone who likes to get the local feel. Closets Metro stops ""Les Halles"" and ""Etienne Marcel"" 2 min walk from the building and 2min walk to Les Halles where you can take RER B to CDG or ORLY airports. Not to mention t"
14567	Courte durée - Charme d'un immeuble ancien	Courte durée - Charme d'un immeuble ancien Salle de bain spacieuse avec douche Cuisine Balcon Disponible pour donner des conseils sur le quartier ! La rue Montorgueil est a 2 pas et propose un vaste choix de cafés/resto aux charme typiquement parisien ainsi que son marché bobo Métro ligne 4 Etienne Marcel Tous RER de Chatelet Divers bus Taxi Parking des Halles pour voiture Acces faciles aux aéroports et gares Acces sans ascenseur donc l'appartement n'est pas adapté a des personnes agées, handicapées ou jeunes enfants
14568	It's a cosy, quiet and bright apartment on the fifth floor with elevator.Fully equiped in the very heart of Paris, the flat is surround by restaurants, fashion luxury shops like Colette or Marc Jacobs, bar and loundge, Louvre Museum and Tuilerie's garden. There is a market on the place every wednesday and saturday, and a supermarket open 7 days a week.	Apartment modernly furnished with LCD TV, internet access, a big bed for 2,sofa, 2 club chair, fridge/freezer, induction cooker, combo washer dryer, coffee and tea machine, microwaves, toaster etc.. Room separated Sheets and bath towels are provided. It's a cosy, quiet and bright apartment on the fifth floor with elevator.Fully equiped in the very heart of Paris, the flat is surround by restaurants, fashion luxury shops like Colette or Marc Jacobs, bar and loundge, Louvre Museum and Tuilerie's garden. There is a market on the place every wednesday and saturday, and a supermarket open 7 days a week. There is a lot of subway's lines around the flat like the line 1, 14 or 12. The apartment is 10 minutes on foot from the Roissy bus stop for the CDG airport.
14569	Luxurious apartment of 32 m2 in Paris near the center of the Louvre, fully furnished new. 1 bedroom and 1 wc, kitchen, bathroom. Very quiet and bright apartment located on the 5th floor with asenceur. You'll love the location near the Royal Palace, Concorde.	Luxury and quiet apartment  Paris center.32 sq.m  fully equipped, new and contemporary. Wifi , linens included. 1 lovely living room, separate bedroom, toilet, bathroom. Apartment located in the center of Paris.Close to Tuileries Garden & Le Louvre. Luxurious apartment of 32 m2 in Paris near the center of the Louvre, fully furnished new. 1 bedroom and 1 wc, kitchen, bathroom. Very quiet and bright apartment located on the 5th floor with asenceur. You'll love the location near the Royal Palace, Concorde. Central Located in central Paris near the Louvre and Concorde. Very pleasant to visit Paris on foot Métro Tuileries 1
14570	Built in 1770 by the marquess of Chabanais, this flat still has this original Louis XVI woodwork panels with mirrors and Versailles-style old parquet. The appartment is furnished with taste with French antiques including a crystal chandelier, a gilded harp and an amazing grand piano Pleyel.  The flat has been meticulously restored and decorated with beautiful old furnishings and museum-quality art.	Lovely historical flat in heart of Paris, this apartment is very central and is just the little taste of Paris you are looking for if you are in the city for a little break.  Built in 1770 by the marquess of Chabanais, this flat still has this original Louis XVI woodwork panels with mirrors and Versailles-style old parquet. The appartment is furnished with taste with French antiques including a crystal chandelier, a gilded harp and an amazing grand piano Pleyel.  The flat has been meticulously restored and decorated with beautiful old furnishings and museum-quality art. Guests have access to the kitchen, marble bathroom, in addition to their guest room. The room doesn't have curtains, but the original inside shutters. The double bed is new and comfy. You will be sharing the bathroom and the kitchen with the hosts. The kitchen, witch has a dishwasher, and a washing machine,  is fully equipped for any style of dinner party. Wifi, towels and sheets are included. Breakfast is not included 
14571	Welcome to our Guests! (from two nights to one month). This cozy 25m2 studio-apartment can accommodate from two to four people, on a business or holiday trip to PARIS. Situated on the 2nd floor, no lift. Conveniently located, close to 'Le Palais Royal', 'the Louvre Museum', and 'the Opera', it stands in the very heart of the Paris of Culture (museums, theatres, cinemas), of the Paris of Fashion (shops, boutiques, major department-stores), and the Paris of Business, a few minutes' walk to the gardens of Palais-Royal and Tuileries. An XVIIIth century building, with exposed beams.  The apartment is fully equipped for the comfort of our guests. Queen-bed : 160x200cm. Bed-settee (140x200 cm) with a real comfortable mattress, once opened. Bath-tub and shower, towel-dryer, hair-dryer. Washing-machine and tumble-dryer, ironing-table and iron. Kitchen-area with a microwave-oven, hotplates, range-hood, a dishwasher, coffee maker, electric kettle, toaster, refrigerator with deep-freeze compartmen	Welcome to our Guests! (from two nights to one month). This cozy 25m2 studio-apartment can accommodate from two to four people, on a business or holiday trip to PARIS. Situated on the 2nd floor, no lift. Conveniently located, close to 'Le Palais Royal', 'the Louvre Museum', and 'the Opera', it stands in the very heart of the Paris of Culture (museums, theatres, cinemas), of the Paris of Fashion (shops, boutiques, major department-stores), and the Paris of Business, a few minutes' walk to the gardens of Palais-Royal and Tuileries. An XVIIIth century building, with exposed beams.  The apartment is fully equipped for the comfort of our guests. Queen-bed : 160x200cm. Bed-settee (140x200 cm) with a real comfortable mattress, once opened. Bath-tub and shower, towel-dryer, hair-dryer. Washing-machine and tumble-dryer, ironing-table and iron. Kitchen-area with a microwave-oven, hotplates, range-hood, a dishwasher, coffee maker, electric kettle, toaster, refrigerator with deep-freeze compartmen
14572	"Nice studio of 27m2 in the neighborhood of ""Châtelet"", on the 6th floor (no elevator) of a beautiful building in the center of Paris, renovated and bright, an ideal base for your excursions in the capital. The Seine is 50 meters down the street, the Louvre is really close, Notre Dame is a few minutes away by foot and the subway is thirty meters away... There is also the rue de Rivoli, at the other end of the street, one of the main shopping streets of Paris, and numerous restaurants, diverse and varied in the neighborhood. The studio is inhabited by myself and I :),  a 29-year-old french who speaks french, spanish and english .... You'll sleep on the very comfortable 2 places sofa bed in the main room that you can see on the pictures ( my bed on the mezzanine is not accessible). I'll give you clean towels and bed linen and pillows as well.  You can have access to everything, Internet, TV, films and collections of art books, white piano, everything you need for a successful stay in Pari"	"Nice studio of 27m2 in the neighborhood of ""Châtelet"", on the 6th floor (no elevator) of a beautiful building in the center of Paris, renovated and bright, an ideal base for your excursions in the capital. The Seine is 50 meters down the street, the Louvre is really close, Notre Dame is a few minutes away by foot and the subway is thirty meters away... There is also the rue de Rivoli, at the other end of the street, one of the main shopping streets of Paris, and numerous restaurants, diverse and varied in the neighborhood. The studio is inhabited by myself and I :),  a 29-year-old french who speaks french, spanish and english .... You'll sleep on the very comfortable 2 places sofa bed in the main room that you can see on the pictures ( my bed on the mezzanine is not accessible). I'll give you clean towels and bed linen and pillows as well.  You can have access to everything, Internet, TV, films and collections of art books, white piano, everything you need for a successful stay in Pari"
14573	"Room in the very heart of Paris for one guest only. 2 guests in July and August, Oct 17 to Nov 3 and Dec 19 to Jan 5. Rambuteau street, Flat is 40 m2 (room 10 m2) 2 minutes away from Pompidou center and shopping mall ""les Halles."". Wifi. Small kitchen and bathroom (shared with host).  7 th floor, magnificient views over Paris.  No elevator, only for the fit! Apartment is walking distance from Les Halles, le Louvre, le Marais and Notre Dame. Busy area with lots of restaurants and shop. But apartment itself is very quiet.  2 minutes away from Chatelet station, Paris main transportation hub. 30 mn away from Paris airports. "	"Extremely central. 2mn from Pompidou center & Chatelet les Halles. Pedestrian street. Stunning views. Bright and clear apartment. 30 mn from airports. WIFI, small kitchen 7th FLOOR NO ELEVATOR. ONE guest only (TWO  in July and August, Oct 18  Nov 3) Room in the very heart of Paris for one guest only. 2 guests in July and August, Oct 17 to Nov 3 and Dec 19 to Jan 5. Rambuteau street, Flat is 40 m2 (room 10 m2) 2 minutes away from Pompidou center and shopping mall ""les Halles."". Wifi. Small kitchen and bathroom (shared with host).  7 th floor, magnificient views over Paris.  No elevator, only for the fit! Apartment is walking distance from Les Halles, le Louvre, le Marais and Notre Dame. Busy area with lots of restaurants and shop. But apartment itself is very quiet.  2 minutes away from Chatelet station, Paris main transportation hub. 30 mn away from Paris airports.  Kitchen, bathroom, living room. I don't fix breakfast but I provide tea, coffee. You can use the fridge to store your own"
14574	A typically elegant parisian apartment, totally refurbished and carefully decorated at the very heart of Paris. In the first district, a premium location within walking distance from the Louvre Museum, Tuileries Garden, Palais Royal, Rue de Rivoli, the Avenue de l'Opéra and Châtelet-les-Halles. In the large luminuous living room, you'll be able to find a confortable couch, a desk with a printer and the double bed (140*190cm). The kitchen, is open to the living room, including a table for 4, and fully equiped with a fridge, induction plates, microwave (oven function), Nespresso machine,  toaster and all kitchen utensils.  The bathroom is separate and has toilets, shower, along with a washing machine, hair-dryer, and an electric towel heater. During you stay I'll put at your disposal : - Wifi - clean sheets and towels - shower gel and shampoo - tea and coffee - an clothing iron - a city map of Paris and subway PS: no TV for the moment, as I never get bored in Paris ;)	Beautiful clean and modern 410sqft (38m2) apartment right in the heart of Paris. Most central location between Chatelet-les-halles and Palais Royal. 5 minutes walk from Le Louvre Museum. A typically elegant parisian apartment, totally refurbished and carefully decorated at the very heart of Paris. In the first district, a premium location within walking distance from the Louvre Museum, Tuileries Garden, Palais Royal, Rue de Rivoli, the Avenue de l'Opéra and Châtelet-les-Halles. In the large luminuous living room, you'll be able to find a confortable couch, a desk with a printer and the double bed (140*190cm). The kitchen, is open to the living room, including a table for 4, and fully equiped with a fridge, induction plates, microwave (oven function), Nespresso machine,  toaster and all kitchen utensils.  The bathroom is separate and has toilets, shower, along with a washing machine, hair-dryer, and an electric towel heater. During you stay I'll put at your disposal : - Wifi - clean she
14575	BEDROOM  Double bed, armoire, hanging closet, shoe cabinet Desk including laptop docking station with screen, keyboard and speakers Balcony with view of the Louvre SITTING ROOM  Expandable table, TV and DVD player, sofa, balcony with table These TWO BACK ROOMS can be closed off from the rest of the apartment for more privacy. FULLY-EQUIPPED shared kitchen and bathroom.  The apt. is on the 6th floor, accessible by  elevator.  Metro stations serving the metro lines 1, 7, and 14 are only 5 minutes from the apartment.	Charming apt to share with one other person, located in the heart of the city. 10 min from the Gare de Lyon. In close proximity to the Tuileries, La Seine, Opera, Chatelet and the Champs-Elysées. BEDROOM  Double bed, armoire, hanging closet, shoe cabinet Desk including laptop docking station with screen, keyboard and speakers Balcony with view of the Louvre SITTING ROOM  Expandable table, TV and DVD player, sofa, balcony with table These TWO BACK ROOMS can be closed off from the rest of the apartment for more privacy. FULLY-EQUIPPED shared kitchen and bathroom.  The apt. is on the 6th floor, accessible by  elevator.  Metro stations serving the metro lines 1, 7, and 14 are only 5 minutes from the apartment. Respect and independence are the key to interdependence.
14576	The room is located in the Marais district of Paris, right next to the Centre Georges Pompidou.  The residence is well secured with several locked doors and an additional security and information office is available. The flat is located on the 5th floor with elevator for the easy use of all types. The main room can accommodate 2 guests. It is a calm, comfy and cosy room with a real bed. We just renew (Dec 2013) the bedroom for our guests to feel even more at home during their stay. Space in the closet is available for both clothes and luggages. The bathroom has been renew 2 years ago to create a bigger space with one large shower. Toilet is separate from the bathroom. Shower towel and bed linen are included.  Dont hesitate and book this room for your stay in Paris. Live like a Parisian and get new challenges and experiences! 	My peaceful and comfortable room has a real zen feng shui feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located, just one block from Le Centre Georges Pompidou.  Enjoy a gourmet cuisine, a relaxing getaway and easy access to convenient shops. The room is located in the Marais district of Paris, right next to the Centre Georges Pompidou.  The residence is well secured with several locked doors and an additional security and information office is available. The flat is located on the 5th floor with elevator for the easy use of all types. The main room can accommodate 2 guests. It is a calm, comfy and cosy room with a real bed. We just renew (Dec 2013) the bedroom for our guests to feel even more at home during their stay. Space in the closet is available for both clothes and luggages. The bathroom has been renew 2 years ago to create a bigger space with one large shower. Toilet is separate from the bathroom. Shower towel and bed linen are included.  Dont hesitate and book this room f
14577	 Hello everyone, I am renting this beautiful flat with separate living room and bedroom. It's 45 square meters and is situated on the 1st floor of a calm building located in a small peaceful street. The flat is located in the heart of Paris, near the Louvre museum, the famous Comedie Française, Opera place, Châtelet, the Halles, the famous Marais neighbourhood, and very close to the quais de Seine. IDEAL LOCATION ------------------------------------ It's located : - at the line 14 of the metro (Pyramides) - at the line 1 of the metro (Palais Royal Musée du Louvres) - near the Châtelet metro station with lines (phone number hidden), and RER A, B, D - 15 minutes from the Saint-Lazare trainstation - 20 minutes from the Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord trainstations - 30 minutes from the Montparnasse trainstation - about 1 hour from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports CONVENIENCES----------------- You will find a living room, a bedroom, toilets, a bathroom, and a kitchen. The view is on the 	Extremely well located 50m2 flat in Palais Royal / Louvres  with cosy and very confortable furniture such as chesterfield sofa to experience your holiday/time like a real central parisian.  Flat is very clame/quiet in one of the best district.  Hello everyone, I am renting this beautiful flat with separate living room and bedroom. It's 45 square meters and is situated on the 1st floor of a calm building located in a small peaceful street. The flat is located in the heart of Paris, near the Louvre museum, the famous Comedie Française, Opera place, Châtelet, the Halles, the famous Marais neighbourhood, and very close to the quais de Seine. IDEAL LOCATION ------------------------------------ It's located : - at the line 14 of the metro (Pyramides) - at the line 1 of the metro (Palais Royal Musée du Louvres) - near the Châtelet metro station with lines (phone number hidden), and RER A, B, D - 15 minutes from the Saint-Lazare trainstation - 20 minutes from the Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord
14578	"This 2 rooms apartment (600 feet2) is closed to Musée du Louvre,  jardin du Palais Royal, rue Saint Honoré, avenue de l'Opéra...First floor (no lift) on the backyard, it is specially noiseless. In return this location prevents natural light so it's rather dark despise the 4 windows.  The very refined decoration gives it a very special ""old Paris"" atmosphere. A room with a double bed (2x90cm) and a large wardrobe closet, a 400 squared feet large living / dining room with two sofas (one can be used as extra bed 1 person), a beautiful opened kitchen  and a separate bathroom (tub / shower toilet sink) . The apartment is fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher appliances, washer / dryer, linens, towels, unlimited internet, printer, landline unlimited France and Europe (fixed) ... A maid maintains once a week. "	"Close to Palais-Royal, Musée du Louvre, rue Saint Honoré a 600 feet squared flat beautifully decorated with one double bedroom  and a quite big living room (2 sofas)  . Fully equipped. This 2 rooms apartment (600 feet2) is closed to Musée du Louvre,  jardin du Palais Royal, rue Saint Honoré, avenue de l'Opéra...First floor (no lift) on the backyard, it is specially noiseless. In return this location prevents natural light so it's rather dark despise the 4 windows.  The very refined decoration gives it a very special ""old Paris"" atmosphere. A room with a double bed (2x90cm) and a large wardrobe closet, a 400 squared feet large living / dining room with two sofas (one can be used as extra bed 1 person), a beautiful opened kitchen  and a separate bathroom (tub / shower toilet sink) . The apartment is fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher appliances, washer / dryer, linens, towels, unlimited internet, printer, landline unlimited France and Europe (fixed) ... A maid maintains once a week. The "
14579	Amazing location: the Louvre (1min), Chatelet les halles (3 mins), Opéra, Le Marais, Saint Germain des Pres (8 mins) Excellent transport Links.  Métro Louvre Rivoli line 1 (à 100m) - Les halles RER A/B/D(3 min). Design and comfortable.  Apartment designed by interior architect published in Vogue, the New york times, Tatler, GQ, L'Officiel de la Mode. Great view. 9 large windows. The flat is fully equipped; towels and bedding are provided. Also have a Gas oven, microwave, fridge . Washing/ drier machine. Good storage space. Hair drier. Safe and secure area Close to gardens, restaurants and shopping areas (rue de rivoli, rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré)	Amazing Location: Louvre (1 min), Châtelet-Halles (3 min).  77m2: 1 bed room (double bed), living room with a confortable double sofa-bed, dining room, boudoir, equipped kitchen, bathroom.  Design furniture. 9 Large windows. Amazing location: the Louvre (1min), Chatelet les halles (3 mins), Opéra, Le Marais, Saint Germain des Pres (8 mins) Excellent transport Links.  Métro Louvre Rivoli line 1 (à 100m) - Les halles RER A/B/D(3 min). Design and comfortable.  Apartment designed by interior architect published in Vogue, the New york times, Tatler, GQ, L'Officiel de la Mode. Great view. 9 large windows. The flat is fully equipped; towels and bedding are provided. Also have a Gas oven, microwave, fridge . Washing/ drier machine. Good storage space. Hair drier. Safe and secure area Close to gardens, restaurants and shopping areas (rue de rivoli, rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré) Louvre Rivoli (Metro Line 1) -  Les Halles (RER B direct to CDG & Orly airports) - (RER A direct to Gare de Lyon) - (R
14580	Appartement au 6° étage ans ascenseur avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Logement clair avec 2 fenêtres sur rue piétonne	In the pedestrian area of Montorgueil, the flat is situated at the sixth floor of a 17th century house. Very clear and quiet this 16 square meter flat was well equiped by an architect with a small kitchen and a bathroom with shower, a sofa bed. In the area of Montorgueil, the flat is situated at the sixth floor of a 17th century house. Very clear and quiet this 15 square meter flat was well equipped by an architect with a kitchen, wc, shower and a sofa bed. By  RER exit CHATELET LES Halles, métro Les halles, sentier, réaumur, Etienne marcel ou par bus ligne 29 etc
14581	"Located in the heart of Paris , my apartment is a charming studio of 22 square meters overlooking the street Montorgueil in the heart of Paris , near Les Halles . One of the best area of Paris . Located in a pedestrian area , the street is very commercial with lots of restaurants with all kinds of cuisines , historical bakeries , cafes and excellent shopping. The studio is located on the 2nd floor of a very traditional ""Parisian"" building! Comfortable and very bright with three large windows ""à l'ancienne"". The studio has : -a large sofa bed very good for two people. -Plasma TV, -DVD Player -Printer  - All bed linen and towels are provided. - Also included : • Broadband Internet and WiFi • Unlimited free calls to USA , UK , Canada, Australia ( + many others ) • 200 cable channels ( French + international channels) Equipped with small oven and microwave oven.  Bathroom with half bath shower and toilet . Large closet to store your clothes very convenient.  Iron available . 5 minutes walk"	"Located in the heart of Paris , my apartment is a charming perfectly furnished studio of 22 square meters overlooking the street Montorgueil in the heart of Paris , near Les Halles . Located in the heart of Paris , my apartment is a charming studio of 22 square meters overlooking the street Montorgueil in the heart of Paris , near Les Halles . One of the best area of Paris . Located in a pedestrian area , the street is very commercial with lots of restaurants with all kinds of cuisines , historical bakeries , cafes and excellent shopping. The studio is located on the 2nd floor of a very traditional ""Parisian"" building! Comfortable and very bright with three large windows ""à l'ancienne"". The studio has : -a large sofa bed very good for two people. -Plasma TV, -DVD Player -Printer  - All bed linen and towels are provided. - Also included : • Broadband Internet and WiFi • Unlimited free calls to USA , UK , Canada, Australia ( + many others ) • 200 cable channels ( French + international c"
14582	A very lively Parisian district less well-known than the surrounding areas One of Paris' permanent market streets, Rue Montorgueil boasts some of the best meat and fish markets in the city, along with renowned pastry shops like La Maison Stohrer, cozy bistros, boutiques, and bars diverse enough to please hipsters and traditionalists alike.This district shows how even the busy center of Paris reserves village-like nooks. It also gives a picture of how Paris manages to be resolutely modern while preserving traditions such as family-owned fishmongers, cheese shops, and (website hidden) terms of shopping, Montorgueil has everything you need: small convenience stores, bakeries, general food stores, and, of course, a wide selection of restaurants. If the fast pace of life of the streets of Montorgueil appeals to you for your next stay in Paris, why not take a look at our list of apartments in the area?  The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge. This bea	A very lively Parisian district less well-known than the surrounding areas One of Paris' permanent market streets, Rue Montorgueil boasts some of the best meat and fish markets in the city, along with renowned pastry shops like La Maison Stohrer, cozy bistros, boutiques, and bars diverse enough to please hipsters and traditionalists alike.This district shows how even the busy center of Paris reserves village-like nooks. It also gives a picture of how Paris manages to be resolutely modern while preserving traditions such as family-owned fishmongers, cheese shops, and (website hidden) terms of shopping, Montorgueil has everything you need: small convenience stores, bakeries, general food stores, and, of course, a wide selection of restaurants. If the fast pace of life of the streets of Montorgueil appeals to you for your next stay in Paris, why not take a look at our list of apartments in the area?  The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge. This bea
14583	Enjoy a unique holiday in this chic neighbourhood close to the luxury shops on rue Saint-Honoré and Place Vendôme. There are also several restaurants, bakeries and grocery stores in this very busy and bustling area, ideal for travelers who wish to stay in central Paris, close to the main tourist attractions. Not the calmest location but definitely one of the most central listings you'll find! The studio has a surface of 25m² (270 sq. ft.) and is located on the 4th floor (please note that there is NO elevator, only stairs). It has recently been refurbished and is in good condition.	Welcome to this central, charming studio suitable for 2 people in Paris' 1st arrondissement! Only a 5-minute walk away from the Louvre museum and 1 minute away from the closest metrostop. Easy access by foot or by metro to several Parisian monuments. Enjoy a unique holiday in this chic neighbourhood close to the luxury shops on rue Saint-Honoré and Place Vendôme. There are also several restaurants, bakeries and grocery stores in this very busy and bustling area, ideal for travelers who wish to stay in central Paris, close to the main tourist attractions. Not the calmest location but definitely one of the most central listings you'll find! The studio has a surface of 25m² (270 sq. ft.) and is located on the 4th floor (please note that there is NO elevator, only stairs). It has recently been refurbished and is in good condition. Living room: a double bed suitable for 2 people (perfect for a couple or two close friends, bedsheets are provided), a French balcony, a desk, a TV with over 20 
14584	The studio has a full y fonctionnel Kitchen (no iVentures though) a spacious living room with dining table, bathroom with bath, and a cozy rooftop bedroom. The studio has a free wi-FI connection.	Charming location to explore Paris by foot, Walking distance to the Louvre, the Opera, the Royal Palace, Galeries Lafayette ans the Montirgueil district  The studio hast just been renovated. A comfortable, quiet ans pleasant stay is guaranteed The studio has a full y fonctionnel Kitchen (no iVentures though) a spacious living room with dining table, bathroom with bath, and a cozy rooftop bedroom. The studio has a free wi-FI connection. L accès internet est compris For everyone who loves to explore a city by foot, this studio in the 2nd district of Paris is ideally located. You are within walking distance of many cafes, bars, restaurants, book stores and exclusive shopping boutiques . The incredible rue montorgueil ans its wide variety of fresh produce, pastries, cafes and bard, is just around the corner. On top of that you can dine  in the famous rue saint Anne (the japanese district in Paris) Thé studio is in the heart of Paris ! J aime tout faire à pied et c est l idéal . J adore all
14585	Building of the 18th century. The apartment rental in Paris is on the third floor with an elevator. The access of the building is very secured. The Paris apartment has a superb view on the place. Apartment to rent in Paris of 50 m2 that has been recently renovated. It has one large living room with a very comfortable sofabed, allowing two additional people to sleep here, and a table that is able to accomodate up to 6 guests. The kitchen is separated and entirely equipped. The bedroom has two single beds which can be brought closer to form a double bed. The bathroom of the Paris rental has a very nice, large shower and is independently accessible from the bedroom and the living room, as is the toilet. The Paris rental apartment gets an high speed Internet connection and a computer. By renting this jewel of the Paris apartments, you are in an exceptional location which is, according to us, the most beautiful in the city.	By renting this jewel of the Paris apartments, you are in an exceptional location which is truly the most beautiful in the city. A small retreat from the usual crowds and tourists, it has artistic history. Building of the 18th century. The apartment rental in Paris is on the third floor with an elevator. The access of the building is very secured. The Paris apartment has a superb view on the place. Apartment to rent in Paris of 50 m2 that has been recently renovated. It has one large living room with a very comfortable sofabed, allowing two additional people to sleep here, and a table that is able to accomodate up to 6 guests. The kitchen is separated and entirely equipped. The bedroom has two single beds which can be brought closer to form a double bed. The bathroom of the Paris rental has a very nice, large shower and is independently accessible from the bedroom and the living room, as is the toilet. The Paris rental apartment gets an high speed Internet connection and a computer. By
14586		Agréable studio de 18m² en plein cœur de Paris, métro Les Halles (proche Chatelet) Canapé BZ convertible 2 places, TV, rangement. 2 plaques, frigo, micro-ondes, four. Douche, lavabo et WC. Wifi disponible. Serviettes/linge de lit fournis.
14587	Large, quiet 2-room Apartment in the very heart of Paris : a refurbished Building, with security disposals and lift. Apartement is at 4th floor. The flat has been totally renewed and refurbished in a contemporary style. It includes one separate bedroom  equiped with a large size bed (160x190cm, accommodates two) and a dressing. 2 sleeps more in a large leather sofa in the Living Room.  A dinning space is next to the open kitchen, so you can cook at home if you want (utensils available, fridge/freezer, oven, microwave oven, 4 cook tops, kitchen ware - there are also supermarkets near the building).  Please note the bathroom is 8 steps below the flat (1/2 floor); you reach it by an inside staircase. WC are inside the bathroom. Kitchen is fully equiped, it includes dishing and washing machines.  Wifi (website hidden).	Beautiful 2 Rooms 670Ft, quiet, cosy and safe. 4th Floor with lift. Separate Bedroom with double Bed, Sofa bed in living room. Situated just in front of Metro and RER trains, 10 minutes by foot from Louvre, Notre Dame, Chatelet. Large, quiet 2-room Apartment in the very heart of Paris : a refurbished Building, with security disposals and lift. Apartement is at 4th floor. The flat has been totally renewed and refurbished in a contemporary style. It includes one separate bedroom  equiped with a large size bed (160x190cm, accommodates two) and a dressing. 2 sleeps more in a large leather sofa in the Living Room.  A dinning space is next to the open kitchen, so you can cook at home if you want (utensils available, fridge/freezer, oven, microwave oven, 4 cook tops, kitchen ware - there are also supermarkets near the building).  Please note the bathroom is 8 steps below the flat (1/2 floor); you reach it by an inside staircase. WC are inside the bathroom. Kitchen is fully equiped, it include
14588	Vivez une expérience inoubliable dans le 1er arrondissement de Paris, un quartier emblématique de la Capitale. Idéal pour une escapade romantique à Paris, ce studio cosy est situé au 2ème étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble de la rue de Richelieu.  D'une surface de 15 m², le Richelieu dévoile un espace parfaitement optimisé pour le séjour d'une ou deux personnes.  Le salon agréable avec ses belles poutres en bois et une belle hauteur sous plafond est lumineux. La cuisine ouverte est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. Le lit double confortable en mezzanine est accessible grâce à l'échelle en bois. Une belle salle de douche avec WC complète ce bien.	Studio agréable d'une surface optimisée de 15 m²  dans le quartier du Palais Royal Musée du Louvre, Paris 1er arrondissement Vivez une expérience inoubliable dans le 1er arrondissement de Paris, un quartier emblématique de la Capitale. Idéal pour une escapade romantique à Paris, ce studio cosy est situé au 2ème étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble de la rue de Richelieu.  D'une surface de 15 m², le Richelieu dévoile un espace parfaitement optimisé pour le séjour d'une ou deux personnes.  Le salon agréable avec ses belles poutres en bois et une belle hauteur sous plafond est lumineux. La cuisine ouverte est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. Le lit double confortable en mezzanine est accessible grâce à l'échelle en bois. Une belle salle de douche avec WC complète ce bien. Le 1er arrondissement au cœur de Paris est un lieu historique et emblématique. Vous pourrez vous rendre à pied vers la Sainte-Chapelle, Saint-Eustache, le Louvre, les Tuileries et le Palais-Royal.  L'
14589	The studio is situated one minute from the Seine and 5 minutes walking from the most important attraction of Paris as Notre-Dame and Louvre museum. The street is very safe and secure and there is not noise at all. Besides, the view from the window is exceptional to the very beautiful, calm and secure garden of the building. The building disposes its own gardien . Métro Odéon either métro Pont Neuf or Saint Michel. Métro Odéon either métro Pont Neuf or Saint Michel. Métro Odéon either métro Pont Neuf or Saint Michel.	Petit studio cosy tout équipé, qui donne sur la cour intérieure, du coup super calme. A deux pas de la Seine et trois minutes de Notre Dame. Métro Pont Neuf et Odéon à deux minutes. Appartement sécurisé, deux digicodes et concierge sur place. The studio is situated one minute from the Seine and 5 minutes walking from the most important attraction of Paris as Notre-Dame and Louvre museum. The street is very safe and secure and there is not noise at all. Besides, the view from the window is exceptional to the very beautiful, calm and secure garden of the building. The building disposes its own gardien . Métro Odéon either métro Pont Neuf or Saint Michel. Métro Odéon either métro Pont Neuf or Saint Michel. Métro Odéon either métro Pont Neuf or Saint Michel. Métro Odéon either métro Pont Neuf or Saint Michel.
14590	Stay in a renown architect designed apartment located in one of the most prestigious address in the heart of Paris.  Luxury apartment located in a high standing 'Hotel particulier' (classified as an 'Historical Monument' of Paris) at a unique address next to Paris’ famous Place Vendôme and a 2-minute walk from the Opera Garnier. Serviced by a lift, the apartment has been decorated in an elegant style by a renowned architect and include floor-to-ceiling windows with views of courtyard. It has a bathroom with bathrobes and a highly comfortable shower. The apartment is made up of a generous high standard king size bed in the living area. It features a flat-screen TV (cable and satellite channels) and a private bathroom with a large shower (soap and shampoo provided), high quality bathrobes and towels and toiletries. It also includes a fully equipped kitchen with hotplates, a fridge and an oven. It comes with a microwave, kitchenware, toaster, electric kettle, juice blender and an Nespress	Stay in the heart of Paris  Architect designed luxury apartment serviced by a lift, located in a high standing 'Hotel particulier' next to Paris’ famous Place Vendôme, few minutes walk from the Opera Garnier and Louvre museum. Free Wi-Fi offered. Stay in a renown architect designed apartment located in one of the most prestigious address in the heart of Paris.  Luxury apartment located in a high standing 'Hotel particulier' (classified as an 'Historical Monument' of Paris) at a unique address next to Paris’ famous Place Vendôme and a 2-minute walk from the Opera Garnier. Serviced by a lift, the apartment has been decorated in an elegant style by a renowned architect and include floor-to-ceiling windows with views of courtyard. It has a bathroom with bathrobes and a highly comfortable shower. The apartment is made up of a generous high standard king size bed in the living area. It features a flat-screen TV (cable and satellite channels) and a private bathroom with a large shower (soap a
14591	"We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of Palais Royal  on the fifth floor  with stunning view of a 17th century building. Our large apartment (110 meters squared) features: -original ""Versailles"" hardwood floors  -Full modern kitchen with gas range, oven  -Dishwasher, washing machine and dryer  - 1 bathroom,  with a big bath.  -Very thick stone walls that keep the flat cool in the summer and warm in the winter The master bedroom has a queen size bed.  Towels and linens are provided for our guests. VERY quiet building Nice area for shopping ( Rue Saint Honore) and restaurants Very closed to the major museum in Paris (Louvres) 200 mts away from Jardin du Palais Royal where you can have lunch on terrace and walk in the garden. Please do feel free to contact us if you have any questions!"	"We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of Palais Royal  on the fifth floor  with stunning view of a 17th century building. Our large apartment (110 meters squared) features: -original ""Versailles"" hardwood floors  -Full modern kitchen with gas range, oven  -Dishwasher, washing machine and dryer  - 1 bathroom,  with a big bath.  -Very thick stone walls that keep the flat cool in the summer and warm in the winter The master bedroom has a queen size bed.  Towels and linens are provided for our guests. VERY quiet building Nice area for shopping ( Rue Saint Honore) and restaurants Very closed to the major museum in Paris (Louvres) 200 mts away from Jardin du Palais Royal where you can have lunch on terrace and walk in the garden. Please do feel free to contact us if you have any questions! Il y a une station de métro à 50 mètres de l'appartement"
14592		Comfortable one bedroom apartment (40sqm) Nice for 2 person. Centrally located - Place du Palais Royal. 2min walk from the Louvre Museum and Tuilleries Gardens. Easy access to all majors subway lines.  In front of the Louvre Museum, 10 min walk from the Opéra, 15 min walk to the Ile de la Cité and Notre Dame, you'll be in the heart of the city and walking distance from the major touristic attractions of Paris. Easy access to the Paris Metro: - Line 1 and 7 are just by the apartment  - Line 14 is only a few minutes walk
14593	calme, romantique et fonctionnel. 	studio 30m2 renovated by architect. under the roof. contemporary and zen. main room with open kitchen. sleeping loft for 2 + sofa bed for 2. bathroom with toilet and shower. bright, 3 skylights, calm, right in the historical center. calme, romantique et fonctionnel. Remise des clefs en mains propres à votre arrivée. Joignable par email ou téléphone pour toutes questions durant votre séjour. quartier historique en bord de Seine, en plein coeur de la capitale, face à la Conciergerie. A 5 mn du Louvre. A 10mn du Marais de Notre Dame.Quartier commerçant Etienne Marcel / Montorgueil juste à côté. Point de départ idéal pour découvrir aussi bien la rive droite que la rive gauche. bus, metro, rer, taxi, péniche, batobus, bateau mouche, en bas de l'immeuble. Parking sous terrain sécurisé à 3mn à pieds (QPARK pont neuf). Arrivée 14h -  Départ   11h -
14594	Snuggled between Place Vendôme (The Ritz) and The Louvre (The Mona Lisa) Rue Du Marché St. Honoré is a charming, bustling neighbourhood street in the historic centre of Paris surrounded by the high end fashion stores of the Rue St Honoré (Colette, Balenciaga, etc) the excellent more traditional cafés and restaurants and the beauty of the Tuilerie Gardens, the large park at the end of the road. And at the other end there is a bi-weekly market to buy delicious fresh produce in addition to the superette for day to day needs as well as a butcher and fish monger on the street.  A short walk from the cultural sights the Louvre, Opera, & Place Vendôme this is one of Paris's most prestigious neighbourhoods.  Wifi, cable, dishwasher, parking downstairs, a charming, comfortable, spacious, home from home. One double bedroom, one sofa bed. Large, well equiped kitchen. Nearest metro Tuileries 2mins , Opera close too, 5mins.  The appartment is large (90 square meters), charming and very comfortable.	A local neighbourhood filled with history, restaurants, cafés, parks and high end shopping. Equidistant from the Tuileries Gardens, Rue St.Honoré, Opera Garnier, the Louvre and Place Vendôme - the location couldn't be better. Snuggled between Place Vendôme (The Ritz) and The Louvre (The Mona Lisa) Rue Du Marché St. Honoré is a charming, bustling neighbourhood street in the historic centre of Paris surrounded by the high end fashion stores of the Rue St Honoré (Colette, Balenciaga, etc) the excellent more traditional cafés and restaurants and the beauty of the Tuilerie Gardens, the large park at the end of the road. And at the other end there is a bi-weekly market to buy delicious fresh produce in addition to the superette for day to day needs as well as a butcher and fish monger on the street.  A short walk from the cultural sights the Louvre, Opera, & Place Vendôme this is one of Paris's most prestigious neighbourhoods.  Wifi, cable, dishwasher, parking downstairs, a charming, comfort
14595	Minimum 3 nuits d'occupation  Minimum 3 nuits d'occupation	beau studio ( 50 m2 ) spacieux aux poutres apparentes, cheminée, accueillant et typique! Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, peut loger 2 personnes. Situé à proximité des jardins des Tuileries, de la place Vendôme, ou des jardins du Palais Royal. Minimum 3 nuits d'occupation  Minimum 3 nuits d'occupation Quartier Luxe , Culturel & Historique au Centre de Paris:                                            Musée du Louvre, Jardins des Tuilleries, Théâtre de la Comédie Française, Opéra Garnier , Palais Royale.                                   Rue Saint Honoré: boutique Collette.        Place du Marché Honoré quartier piétons avec plusieurs Bistro & Restaurants aux terrasses sympathique! Métro : Pyramides - Opéra - Palais Royal - Tuileries Minimum 3 nuits d'occupation
14596	Without a sound, you will enjoy relaxing after you are immersed in the sometimes noisy atmosphere of Paris; Nice 2 rooms of 47 m2, on the roofs of Paris, on the 5th and last floor; Design furnished living room with fireplace, TV, internet ADSL, sofa bed for one person; American kitchen opened on the living room with bar, fully equipped; great bedroom, with queen size bed and desk, very lightfugl thanks to its  2 windows. Shower room with daylight and separate modern toilet  	you will enjoy relaxing in this  very  quiet apartment after  enjoying the sometimes noisy atmosphere of Paris;   On the 5th and last floor with a small elevator, Bright and design furnished  with  TV, internet WIFI, you won't regret your choice Without a sound, you will enjoy relaxing after you are immersed in the sometimes noisy atmosphere of Paris; Nice 2 rooms of 47 m2, on the roofs of Paris, on the 5th and last floor; Design furnished living room with fireplace, TV, internet ADSL, sofa bed for one person; American kitchen opened on the living room with bar, fully equipped; great bedroom, with queen size bed and desk, very lightfugl thanks to its  2 windows. Shower room with daylight and separate modern toilet    travelers will have access to all property and equipment available in the apartment; except landline phone. There is a washing machine but no dishwasher All travelers can contact me whenever they want, I will reply very quickly but with time if  time difference between our
14597	Beautiful and stylish 1,076 sq ft apartment on the 3rd floor of a Haussmannien bulding in the dead center of Paris. Very light and spacious flat. We've kept the original wooden floors and there is some ceiling moldings. On a sunny day can also have your morning coffee on our cute balcony. South-facing orientation. Tastefully decorated.Fuly equiped. 3 bedrooms. 1 (website hidden) with a large flat screen connected to the cable. High-speed internet with wi-fi. Housekeeper. Staying here is a lifetime experience; you will never want to give us our flat back! :-)	Beautiful and stylish 1,076 sq ft apartment on the 3rd floor of a Haussmannien bulding in the center of Paris. Very bright and spacious and flat.  Beautiful and stylish 1,076 sq ft apartment on the 3rd floor of a Haussmannien bulding in the dead center of Paris. Very light and spacious flat. We've kept the original wooden floors and there is some ceiling moldings. On a sunny day can also have your morning coffee on our cute balcony. South-facing orientation. Tastefully decorated.Fuly equiped. 3 bedrooms. 1 (website hidden) with a large flat screen connected to the cable. High-speed internet with wi-fi. Housekeeper. Staying here is a lifetime experience; you will never want to give us our flat back! :-)
14598	Even if not so big, it will charm you by his agencement. You will love the balcon. You will enjoy the sun ray all the after noon while drinking your wine, or to take a rest after visiting the Louvre, the Opera, La comédie française all around.	This appartement is another experience of Paris. The real plus of this appartement is his position :could not be more center in Paris.  You will enjoy discover all the details of this beautiful city without being concerned by the distance to go back. Even if not so big, it will charm you by his agencement. You will love the balcon. You will enjoy the sun ray all the after noon while drinking your wine, or to take a rest after visiting the Louvre, the Opera, La comédie française all around.
14599	Petite cuisine équipée, table avec deux chaises, toilettes avec douche et lit simple plus un matelas extra.	Studio de 15 m2 au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur) à côté des metros Tuileries et Pyramids. Il est entre rue Saint Honoré et Place du Marché Saint Honoré, à 5 minutes a pieds du Musée du Louvre et à 10 minutes à pieds de l'Opera Garnier. Petite cuisine équipée, table avec deux chaises, toilettes avec douche et lit simple plus un matelas extra. Draps et serviettes fournis.
14600	"Paris apartment of 75sqm consisting of a lounge / dining room and two bedrooms. Completely renovated, this apartment offers great quality furnishment. The living room has a high quality sofa bed for two additional guests. There is a table for 6 and a beautiful kitchen that is fully equipped. The first bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200) while the second has two single beds. The bathroom, accessible independently from both bedrooms and living room, includes a bath with a shower attached to the wall. The toilet is separate. This is a very beautiful apartment which is ideally located with major tourist attractions in the surrounding area, along with many restaurants and of course the most beautiful ""pret à porter"" stores in Paris."	"Located in the very chic part of Rue Saint Honore, this short term apartment rental in Paris is ideally located. The famous and illustrious store Colette is a few minutes walk away. The Louvre, the Tuileries and the Opera Garnier are also all close. Paris apartment of 75sqm consisting of a lounge / dining room and two bedrooms. Completely renovated, this apartment offers great quality furnishment. The living room has a high quality sofa bed for two additional guests. There is a table for 6 and a beautiful kitchen that is fully equipped. The first bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200) while the second has two single beds. The bathroom, accessible independently from both bedrooms and living room, includes a bath with a shower attached to the wall. The toilet is separate. This is a very beautiful apartment which is ideally located with major tourist attractions in the surrounding area, along with many restaurants and of course the most beautiful ""pret à porter"" stores in Paris. Building of"
14601	Located in the heart of Paris, in the famous district of the luxury, in between the Louvre and the Place Vendôme, this beautiful apartment renovated by architect is the perfect place for a romantic and comfortable visit. Beeing in one of the most prestigious area of the capital you have in the neighborhood all the most famous theaters, concert halls, galeries, museums and so many other activities. The charming street du Marché St Honoré where is located the apartment will enchant you with its delicious gastronimic shops (boulangerie, butcher shop, fish shop...), its typical market twice a week and its uncredible choice of restaurants and cafés. This 2 rooms apartment just renovated by a famous architect in a very luxury way will offer you all the comfort, high speed internet, free phone call to any country, TV, fitted kitchen... On the first floor of a charming typical building you'll have a very clam and peaceful stay. You can walk in a few to all the most famous quarters and monument	Located in the heart of Paris, in the famous district of the luxury, in between the Louvre and the Place Vendôme, this beautiful apartment renovated by architect is the perfect place for a romantic and comfortable visit. Beeing in one of the most prestigious area of the capital you have in the neighborhood all the most famous theaters, concert halls, galeries, museums and so many other activities. The charming street du Marché St Honoré where is located the apartment will enchant you with its delicious gastronimic shops (boulangerie, butcher shop, fish shop...), its typical market twice a week and its uncredible choice of restaurants and cafés. This 2 rooms apartment just renovated by a famous architect in a very luxury way will offer you all the comfort, high speed internet, free phone call to any country, TV, fitted kitchen... On the first floor of a charming typical building you'll have a very clam and peaceful stay. You can walk in a few to all the most famous quarters and monument
14602		"This one bedroom apartment is beautifully decorated with premium equipment and furnitures, in a delicious ""Grand Siecle"" spirit and Parisian style. 5 minute walking distance to the Louvre Museum"
14603	This triplex apartment with terrace private is very well situated, quiet and cozy, which can accommodate 4 persons. It is in the heart of Paris and just next to the Louvre Museum and Tuileries Garden. The apartment is structured as follows: Ground floor inside the apartment:   --- Living room with a double sofa bed, flat screen TV, dining table with four chairs.  --- Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils.  First floor of the apartment:   --- Bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe.  --- Bathroom with shower, separated WC. Second floor (Terrace):   --- This private terrace gives you a wonderful view of Paris: the Eiffel Tower, the Sacre Coeur, the roof of Louvre, the Opera, the Montparnasse tower, etc.  --- There's one big table with six chairs. This flat is on the 6th French floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven, dishwasher, micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine, hairdryer, ir	This triplex apartment with terrace private is very well situated, quiet and cozy, which can accommodate 4 persons. It is in the heart of Paris and just next to the Louvre Museum and Tuileries Garden. This triplex apartment with terrace private is very well situated, quiet and cozy, which can accommodate 4 persons. It is in the heart of Paris and just next to the Louvre Museum and Tuileries Garden. The apartment is structured as follows: Ground floor inside the apartment:   --- Living room with a double sofa bed, flat screen TV, dining table with four chairs.  --- Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils.  First floor of the apartment:   --- Bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe.  --- Bathroom with shower, separated WC. Second floor (Terrace):   --- This private terrace gives you a wonderful view of Paris: the Eiffel Tower, the Sacre Coeur, the roof of Louvre, the Opera, the Montparnasse tower, etc.  --- There's one big table with six chairs. This flat is on the 6th Fr
14604	The place is perfect for a single person or a couple, because the main historical and touristic spots are in walking distance, and the bedroom is good to rest at any moment of the day . The location cannot be better, you have any means of transportation (bus, metro, suburb trains, bicycles and electric cars on hire, taxis), shops, cinemas, theaters, restaurants, everywhere.	City center, 3 minutes from Beaubourg (centre Pompidou) between Marais and Halles - 20 m2 bedroom with a balcony in a 100 m2 flat, Haussmannian style Plein centre, 3 mn de Beaubourg près Marais, Halles, chambre 22 m2 balcon dans 105 m2 Haussmannien The place is perfect for a single person or a couple, because the main historical and touristic spots are in walking distance, and the bedroom is good to rest at any moment of the day . The location cannot be better, you have any means of transportation (bus, metro, suburb trains, bicycles and electric cars on hire, taxis), shops, cinemas, theaters, restaurants, everywhere. The appartment is 105 m2 with a balcony on a walking street (Aubry-le-Boucher) at the third floor. The bedroom is 22 m2, equiped with a comfortable sofa bed and access to the balcony. The living room, bathroom and separated toilets are shared. The house is typical Haussmann style (oak floor, ancient fireplaces), but the bathroom is very modern and design. High ceilings. T
14605	This big appartment (84m2) on the 3rd floor (no lift) has 2 large bedrooms.  The room we rent, is very quiet with a comfortable king size bed, a wardrobe and cupboards to store your belongings.  The apartment has a large living room, a large kitchen, a bathroom with bath and separate toilet. This apartment is located in the center of Paris just a few minutes from the LOUVRE, OPERA, MARAIS, Ile ST LOUIS, les HALLES, CENTRE POMPIDOU, NOTRE DAMES, MONTORGUEIL, PLACE VENDOME Museum LOUVRE = 8 minutes walk  Museum POMPIDOU = 5 minutes walk  Cathedral NOTRE DAME = 15 minutes walking  PONT DES ARTS = 10 minutes walking  ST MICHEL Area = 15 minutes walking  MONTORGUEIL district / ETIENNE MARCEL = 5 minutes  LES HALLES = 3 minutes walk  Park TUILERIE = 15 minutes walking  PLACE VENDOME = 15 minutes walking  Shopping Center LAFAYETTE = 20 minute walk  OPERA = 20 minutes walking A 2 minute walk from the metro CHATELET LES HALLES (line 1, April 11, 14 and RER) RER B drives you directly to the airp	This big appartment is located central Paris, very close to the Louvre, la Seine, le Marais, centre Pompidou.  The room we rent, is very quiet with a comfortable king size bed, a wardrobe and cupboards to store your belongings. This big appartment (84m2) on the 3rd floor (no lift) has 2 large bedrooms.  The room we rent, is very quiet with a comfortable king size bed, a wardrobe and cupboards to store your belongings.  The apartment has a large living room, a large kitchen, a bathroom with bath and separate toilet. This apartment is located in the center of Paris just a few minutes from the LOUVRE, OPERA, MARAIS, Ile ST LOUIS, les HALLES, CENTRE POMPIDOU, NOTRE DAMES, MONTORGUEIL, PLACE VENDOME Museum LOUVRE = 8 minutes walk  Museum POMPIDOU = 5 minutes walk  Cathedral NOTRE DAME = 15 minutes walking  PONT DES ARTS = 10 minutes walking  ST MICHEL Area = 15 minutes walking  MONTORGUEIL district / ETIENNE MARCEL = 5 minutes  LES HALLES = 3 minutes walk  Park TUILERIE = 15 minutes walking
14606	This furnished apartment in Paris is a one bedroom apartment of 25 m2 for 2 people.	"Stay in the Heart of Paris Studio Saint Roch is a self-catering studio in Paris’ 1st district, just 500 metres from the Louvre Museum and 200 meters from the Tuileries Garden. It offers free WiFi internet access. The studio features parquet floorin This furnished apartment in Paris is a one bedroom apartment of 25 m2 for 2 people. For your check-in one of our staff member will be on site to welcome you.  Household linen are furnished (bath towel, sheet). Internet with a wifi connection and cable TV are available. If you have any problems in your apartment during your stay, we have an operational team who can assist you in a short notice. Located in the first district, this is a strategic place to enjoy the most beautiful charms of Paris : Museums, garden park, historic monuments, stores... everything for you dazzle! This flat is at few steps from the famous attractions like "" Chateau du Louvre"", ""Jardin des Tuileries"", ""Le palais royal"", ""Place Vendome"" and many other. The nearest metr"
14607	A beautiful and cool apartment, that is perfect for discovering paris- located in the 1st arrondisement, next to the louvre and opera. We live our dream everyday in this appartment. So can you during winter vacations :) welcome! A beautiful and cool apartment, that is perfect for discovering paris- located in the 1st arrondisement, next to the louvre and opera. We live our dream everyday in this appartment. So can you during winter vacations :) welcome! An amazing flat to rent in Paris for a comfortable and ideal vacation. Ideal for 2 people, but can sleep more on a very comfortable sofa bed. In the heart of Paris, 1st arrodisement - Place du Marché Saint Honoré, one of Paris's most beautiful squares. Restaurants, Bars, Shoping (Rue Saint-Honoré), Location simply does not get better than this. If you want to stay in Paris and live the local life in a beautiful and comfortable apartment in one of the most luxurious neighbourhoods, its the perfect place Walking distance: 2 Minutes from t	A beautiful and cool apartment, that is perfect for discovering paris- located in the 1st arrondisement, next to the louvre and opera. We live our dream everyday in this appartment. So can you during summer vacations :) welcome! A beautiful and cool apartment, that is perfect for discovering paris- located in the 1st arrondisement, next to the louvre and opera. We live our dream everyday in this appartment. So can you during winter vacations :) welcome! A beautiful and cool apartment, that is perfect for discovering paris- located in the 1st arrondisement, next to the louvre and opera. We live our dream everyday in this appartment. So can you during winter vacations :) welcome! An amazing flat to rent in Paris for a comfortable and ideal vacation. Ideal for 2 people, but can sleep more on a very comfortable sofa bed. In the heart of Paris, 1st arrodisement - Place du Marché Saint Honoré, one of Paris's most beautiful squares. Restaurants, Bars, Shoping (Rue Saint-Honoré), Location simp
14608	Entirely refurbished 85m2 flat in one of Paris most exclusive street: rue St Honore. It is located on the same block as the Colette store, in front of the Saint Roch church, 200m from the Hotel Costes, 50m from the Tuileries garden and 200m from the Place Vendome and the Ritz Hotel.  The flat is located on the 4th floor with lift. It has 2 bedrooms and one extra room which can be used as a bedroom or a study, one bathroom and one separate shower room, fully equipped and modern kitchen semi open on the living room with all appliances (washing machine, dryer, dish washer, coffe machine, oven etc). It also benefits from air conditioning, wifi, cable tv, flat screens in every room etc. The refurbishment work started in June 2014 and ended in November 2014. All the equipment and furniture are brand new from top suppliers and designers. 	Luxury 2/3bdrs apartment on rue St Honore, 200m from Hotel Costes, next to Colette shop, 1mn from the Tuileries garden. The flat has been entirely refurbished in a very modern and luxury way. 2/3bdrs, 2 bath, lift, 4th floor and fully equipped.  Entirely refurbished 85m2 flat in one of Paris most exclusive street: rue St Honore. It is located on the same block as the Colette store, in front of the Saint Roch church, 200m from the Hotel Costes, 50m from the Tuileries garden and 200m from the Place Vendome and the Ritz Hotel.  The flat is located on the 4th floor with lift. It has 2 bedrooms and one extra room which can be used as a bedroom or a study, one bathroom and one separate shower room, fully equipped and modern kitchen semi open on the living room with all appliances (washing machine, dryer, dish washer, coffe machine, oven etc). It also benefits from air conditioning, wifi, cable tv, flat screens in every room etc. The refurbishment work started in June 2014 and ended in Novemb
14609	Cosy apartment fully equiped super central in the heart of Paris, two minutes from the Tuileries and the Louvre.  Located in the luxurious fashion district of Saint Honoré with trendy shops and restaurants. Modernly furnished with all that you could ever need for your stay.  It has a living room with a sofa, a separated room with a large bed for two persons, a fully equiped kitchen and a bathroom. Living room : convertible couch, LCD TV, Internet access, ironing board, iron. Room : big bed for two persons, clothes rack, linens are provided, TV LCD. Kitchen : fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave, coffee machine, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) and washing machine. Bathroom: shower, toilet, towels are provided. Check-in and check-out times are flexible, unless there are guests arriving/departing the same day. The price includes everything (electricity, water, wifi internet access, TV) and there are no extra charges. If you have any queries d	Magnifique deux pièces rue Saint Honoré, à coté de la Place Vendôme. Cosy apartment fully equiped super central in the heart of Paris, two minutes from the Tuileries and the Louvre.  Located in the luxurious fashion district of Saint Honoré with trendy shops and restaurants. Modernly furnished with all that you could ever need for your stay.  It has a living room with a sofa, a separated room with a large bed for two persons, a fully equiped kitchen and a bathroom. Living room : convertible couch, LCD TV, Internet access, ironing board, iron. Room : big bed for two persons, clothes rack, linens are provided, TV LCD. Kitchen : fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave, coffee machine, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) and washing machine. Bathroom: shower, toilet, towels are provided. Check-in and check-out times are flexible, unless there are guests arriving/departing the same day. The price includes everything (electricity, water, wifi internet 
14610		Appartement comprenant une chambre, 1 pièce de vie avec canapé et  une salle de bain avec baignoire. Dans un quartier exceptionnel, à deux pas de la Madeleine.
14611	My furnished flat (living, bedroom, kitchenette and bathroom) is available to rent. The furniture comprises : comfortable double pull-out bed in the living, internet with wifi, TV, coffee table, coffee maker, toaster, boiler, microwave, double bed in the bedroom, washing machine, clothes horse, iron and board, hair dryer, fan, heaters... Perfect for a couple or 2 friends travelling together.  No deposit required and no extra fees charged for cleaning ! Located in the 5th floor, you can reach the flat with an elevator. Located in a quiet street (guests should stay very calm and respectful towards neighborhood), very secure (guardian, specific key to open the main door of the building) and close to Paris' highlights : Louvre Museum (3 min walking), Jardin des Tuileries (5 min), Champs-Elysées (15 min), Seine River (3 min), Cathédrale Notre-Dame (10 min) my flat can be an excellent drop point for a tourist stay in Paris. Metro stations (Louvre-Rivoli and Palais Royal on the Ligne 1) are r	Ideally located close to many attractions of Paris, in a quiet area and surrounded by any type of shops (groceries, restaurants, bars, bakeries, drugstore, etc), this cosy apartment will be the perfect pied-a-terre you will need for your next stay  ! My furnished flat (living, bedroom, kitchenette and bathroom) is available to rent. The furniture comprises : comfortable double pull-out bed in the living, internet with wifi, TV, coffee table, coffee maker, toaster, boiler, microwave, double bed in the bedroom, washing machine, clothes horse, iron and board, hair dryer, fan, heaters... Perfect for a couple or 2 friends travelling together.  No deposit required and no extra fees charged for cleaning ! Located in the 5th floor, you can reach the flat with an elevator. Located in a quiet street (guests should stay very calm and respectful towards neighborhood), very secure (guardian, specific key to open the main door of the building) and close to Paris' highlights : Louvre Museum (3 min wa
14612	Studio located in the 1st district, Palais Royal. The studio is on the 3rd floor (with elevator) of a secure and clean property.  The studio is composed of the main room with 2 Sofa Beds for 2 people each, a TV HD 22” with cable access to many channels,  there is wifi and ipod/iphone (iphone 4s or less) station,an iron. The kitchen is separated of the main room it has a large refrigerator, an oven and a micro wave. the bathroom has of a bath-tub and a washing machine. There is a self cleaning service just downstairs of the building if you need to dry your clothes.  The district is very animated with many stores, supermarkets (Franprix and G20 within 1 min.) and several nice restaurants and bars that are open until late in the night. All in all, the location is really very central,  -Once you get out of the buliding, you will have the famous louboutin's boutique 10 seconds away.   -Within 5 min walk you have the street of Rivoli with all its famous stores, Louvre museum  -Within 10 min 	Studio located in the 1st district, Palais Royal. The studio is on the 3rd floor (with elevator) of a secure and clean property.  The studio is composed of the main room with 2 Sofa Beds for 2 people each, a TV HD 22” with cable access to many channels,  there is wifi and ipod/iphone (iphone 4s or less) station,an iron. The kitchen is separated of the main room it has a large refrigerator, an oven and a micro wave. the bathroom has of a bath-tub and a washing machine. There is a self cleaning service just downstairs of the building if you need to dry your clothes.  The district is very animated with many stores, supermarkets (Franprix and G20 within 1 min.) and several nice restaurants and bars that are open until late in the night. All in all, the location is really very central,  -Once you get out of the buliding, you will have the famous louboutin's boutique 10 seconds away.   -Within 5 min walk you have the street of Rivoli with all its famous stores, Louvre museum  -Within 10 min 
14613	L'appartement a beaucoup de charme. Séjour plein sud sur rue très animée, beau parquet et grande hauteur sous plafond. Cuisine américaine équipée s'ouvrant sur le séjour. Chambre lumineuse et calme sur cour avec grand lit double. Petit bureau avec lit d'appoint, et salle de bain avec baignoire, et toilettes séparées.	Appartement de charme spacieux et lumineux situé en plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du Louvre, de Beaubourg, de Notre-Dame etc... L'appartement a beaucoup de charme. Séjour plein sud sur rue très animée, beau parquet et grande hauteur sous plafond. Cuisine américaine équipée s'ouvrant sur le séjour. Chambre lumineuse et calme sur cour avec grand lit double. Petit bureau avec lit d'appoint, et salle de bain avec baignoire, et toilettes séparées. Le quartier est au coeur même de Paris. Notre-Dame, le Louvre, Beaubourg, pour ne citer qu'eux ne sont qu'à quelques minutes à pied. Il est un point de départ idéal vers l'ensemble de la ville que ce soit à pied ou avec les transports en commun. Situé en plein coeur de Paris, à proximité immédiate de la station Châtelet, il est directement accessible depuis toutes les gares et aéroports et constitue un camp de base idéal pour découvrir l'ensemble de la ville, que ce soit à pied ou avec les transports en commun.
14614		Located in the Île de la Cité, at 100m to Notre Dame and the romantics quais de Seine, you are invited to stay in a parisian three roomed flat.
14615	This sunny, renovated apartment is centrally located in the 1st arrondissement near the Louvre Museum. Its calming interior and large outdoor terrace make it the perfect home base for a Parisian getaway. It is located on the building's top floor (with an elevator), so the space stays incredibly quiet while offering fabulous views. It is composed of one bedroom (with a queen sized bed), a bathroom (with a bathtub/shower), a living room, and an equipped American kitchen. The apartment has cable, wifi, telephone, and a washing machine. Linens and towels are included in the rent as well.	This sunny, renovated apartment  apartment is centrally located in the 1st arrondissement near the Louvre Museum.   Its calming interior and 27 m² outdoor terrace make it the perfect home base for a Parisian getaway.  This sunny, renovated apartment is centrally located in the 1st arrondissement near the Louvre Museum. Its calming interior and large outdoor terrace make it the perfect home base for a Parisian getaway. It is located on the building's top floor (with an elevator), so the space stays incredibly quiet while offering fabulous views. It is composed of one bedroom (with a queen sized bed), a bathroom (with a bathtub/shower), a living room, and an equipped American kitchen. The apartment has cable, wifi, telephone, and a washing machine. Linens and towels are included in the rent as well. The unit is independent, so all kitchen equipment, wifi, phone, tv, etc. will be at your disposition. We'll be there to greet you with the keys and instructions upon arrival. We'll also remai
14616	There is two differents room: room 1: DOUBLE BED  (65euros/night) room 2: SINGLE BED  (39euros/night) The flat is sited right next to Le Louvre, Palais-Royal and le Pont des Arts, it's a 10min walk to Centre Pompidou, Le marais and Saint Germain. It's a big, cosy and calm flat with wooden floor, balcony and a big double room.	The flat is sited right next to Le Louvre, Palais-Royal and le Pont des Arts, it's a 10min walk to Centre Pompidou, Le marais and Saint Germain. It's a big, cosy and calm flat with wooden floor, balcony and a big double room There is two differents room: room 1: DOUBLE BED  (65euros/night) room 2: SINGLE BED  (39euros/night) The flat is sited right next to Le Louvre, Palais-Royal and le Pont des Arts, it's a 10min walk to Centre Pompidou, Le marais and Saint Germain. It's a big, cosy and calm flat with wooden floor, balcony and a big double room. You will stay in room and have access to the bathroom, kitchen and balcony. Be aware others people live is the flat, so quiet and respectful people are preferred. The flat is sited right next to Le Louvre, Palais-Royal and le Pont des Arts, it's a 10min walk to Centre Pompidou, Le marais and Saint Germain. You can walk very easily to la comédie francaise and l'opéra garnier, in the quartier Montorgueil, you will find a lot of nice restaurants 
14617	"The 6th Arrondissement of Paris is hard to write about without using superlatives. There's a bit of everything here, from the busy sidewalks of Paris, main art Gallery scene to the expansive green spaces and under-tree cafés of the Jardin du Luxembourg. You are 3min walk from Place St. Michel or Odeon, and 7min walk from Saint-Germain-des-Pres or Notre-Dame-de-Paris. Step outside to the lovely shops, restaurants, cinemas and theaters or just have a romantic walk over the river. This spacious 4th floor (no elevator) apartment is located in a beautiful 17th century building offering rooftops views. It offers : - 1 large living space with a double bed, 2 comfy sofas, a waterrower (same as Kevin Spacey's in ""House of Cards"";) - 1 bedroom with a king size bed and an en suite toilet - 1 fully equiped kitchen - 1 bathroom RER STATION (3min walk) : SAINT MICHEL Direct from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports. METRO STATION (3min walk) : SAINT MICHEL or ODEON Lines 4 and 10 (very useful lines t"	"This 800 ft2 apartment is located in the heart of the mythical St Germain des Prés. This very center location will allow you to visit most sites walking such as Notre Dame, Louvre, Pompidou, Luxembourg garden... You will enjoy your stay for sure!! The 6th Arrondissement of Paris is hard to write about without using superlatives. There's a bit of everything here, from the busy sidewalks of Paris, main art Gallery scene to the expansive green spaces and under-tree cafés of the Jardin du Luxembourg. You are 3min walk from Place St. Michel or Odeon, and 7min walk from Saint-Germain-des-Pres or Notre-Dame-de-Paris. Step outside to the lovely shops, restaurants, cinemas and theaters or just have a romantic walk over the river. This spacious 4th floor (no elevator) apartment is located in a beautiful 17th century building offering rooftops views. It offers : - 1 large living space with a double bed, 2 comfy sofas, a waterrower (same as Kevin Spacey's in ""House of Cards"";) - 1 bedroom with a k"
14618	You will enter here a three-floor house. You will access it from the ground floor of a building secured by a coded-door and a second gate with an intercom. The house itself has an alarm system and the windows are made of special glass unbreakable. This place is quiet and very secure. You will appreciate the two terraces : from the living-room and the dining-room you will access the biggest (42 sqm), from the kitchen you will access the other, 15 sqm. This high standing 230 sqm house is astonishing ! It has all the features of typical Parisian apartments : very high ceiling, wooden floor, decorative chimney and moldings. It will sleep up to eight guests in four bedrooms, it will perfectly suit a family. The entrance hall on the ground floor is very impressive, very spacious. The stairs will lead you to the upper floors. You will be amazed by the space, the volumes, the light ! All the pictures, so beautiful, will lead your imagination in such beautiful places… The first floor features t	Amazing 230 sqm house to rent for eight people two steps away from the Tuileries garden and the Louvre. Four separate bedrooms, two terraces, this comfortable place will be your haven of peace right in the center of Paris ! You will enter here a three-floor house. You will access it from the ground floor of a building secured by a coded-door and a second gate with an intercom. The house itself has an alarm system and the windows are made of special glass unbreakable. This place is quiet and very secure. You will appreciate the two terraces : from the living-room and the dining-room you will access the biggest (42 sqm), from the kitchen you will access the other, 15 sqm. This high standing 230 sqm house is astonishing ! It has all the features of typical Parisian apartments : very high ceiling, wooden floor, decorative chimney and moldings. It will sleep up to eight guests in four bedrooms, it will perfectly suit a family. The entrance hall on the ground floor is very impressive, very s
14619	The apartment is just steps away from Palais Royal, Louvre Museum, and Opera house. It is right in the heart of the Opera area, one of the most active and enjoyable neighborhoods in the city. The cafes are lively and the multitude of restaurants and bistros are excellent ( mostly Japanese fare, but you can find other foods as well ). Bakery around the corner - where you can buy a freshly baked baguette or croissant - and Monoprix ( grocery store ) 2 min walk away. The metro is just down the street for easy access to all of Paris. Many tourist agencies are within a 2-3 min walking distance and easy to go for excursions as well. 	The apartment is just steps away from Palais Royal, Louvre Museum, and Opera house. It is right in the heart of the Opera area, one of the most active and enjoyable neighborhoods in the city.  The apartment is just steps away from Palais Royal, Louvre Museum, and Opera house. It is right in the heart of the Opera area, one of the most active and enjoyable neighborhoods in the city. The cafes are lively and the multitude of restaurants and bistros are excellent ( mostly Japanese fare, but you can find other foods as well ). Bakery around the corner - where you can buy a freshly baked baguette or croissant - and Monoprix ( grocery store ) 2 min walk away. The metro is just down the street for easy access to all of Paris. Many tourist agencies are within a 2-3 min walking distance and easy to go for excursions as well.  The neighborhood is also one of the major assets of this apartment. Very quiet and perfectly safe - day and night - you will find many shops for shopping (supermarket, bak
14620	In the heart of Saint-Germain-des Prés a great flat, ideal for couple, can hold maximum 3 person. One bedroom , one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, wood floor and big windows facing the interior courtyard. The area is very well served with bars, restaurants, terraces, shops, overground, bus. The church of Saint-Germain, the Café Flore and the Café des Deux Magots are 5 minutes walk. The Luxembourg park is 8 minutes walk and the Bon Marché is 10 minutes walk. This place and this flat is great if you want to live the real parisian lifestyle during your holidays. The environement and the geographic situation is ideal to discover Paris and it's romance. The flat is clean and entirely equipped. The decoration is contemporary. The housekeeper will be here to give you the keys and explanation regarding the flat and the doors codes.She will clean as well after your departure. (The costs for the cleaning is already counted).	In the heart of Saint-Germain-des Prés a great flat, ideal for couple, can hold maximum 3 person. One bedroom , one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, wood floor and big windows facing the interior courtyard. The area is very well served with bars, restaurants, terraces, shops, overground, bus. The church of Saint-Germain, the Café Flore and the Café des Deux Magots are 5 minutes walk. The Luxembourg park is 8 minutes walk and the Bon Marché is 10 minutes walk. This place and this flat is great if you want to live the real parisian lifestyle during your holidays. The environement and the geographic situation is ideal to discover Paris and it's romance. The flat is clean and entirely equipped. The decoration is contemporary. The housekeeper will be here to give you the keys and explanation regarding the flat and the doors codes.She will clean as well after your departure. (The costs for the cleaning is already counted).
14621	-This newly renovated apartment offers you a Wifi connexion ;   -It's on the last & 4th floor (no elevator) of a typical old parisian building (female famous french writer Georges Sand lived here:-)) !)  -  It is really quite and peacefull ;  - It is divided in three parts : an entry-dining room / a living room / a small bedroom (2 persons) + 1 kitchen area (coffee machine, refrigerator, sink and electric cookers) + 1  bathroom with bathtube	This nice 400 square foot (40 m2) apartment is located in the heart of Paris (St. Michel Square, 6th arrondissement)  on the left bank of the Seine (no view from flat) and at 5-10 minutes minutes by foot of la Sorbonne, Panthéon, Luxembourg Garden... -This newly renovated apartment offers you a Wifi connexion ;   -It's on the last & 4th floor (no elevator) of a typical old parisian building (female famous french writer Georges Sand lived here:-)) !)  -  It is really quite and peacefull ;  - It is divided in three parts : an entry-dining room / a living room / a small bedroom (2 persons) + 1 kitchen area (coffee machine, refrigerator, sink and electric cookers) + 1  bathroom with bathtube Public transportation:  -To visit Paris, the appartment is only :    * 20 meters away (across the street) of St. Michel station on RER B line (direct from Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly airport or Gare du Nord station) and RER C line (Tour Eiffel) + bus lines n° 24 (Madeleine, St Lazare, 10 min
14622	Welcome to my place! You'll be coming in my small but very charming apartment in the very heart of Paris. Only 2 min walking distance from le Louvre and the historic  Paris: île de la Cité and Pont Neuf. Very good neighbourhood with many shops, small restaurants... The perfect place to discover Paris! And the apartment has just been renovated (repainted, carpet changed and new couch since the pictures have been taken)!!! In the room: - double bed - small desk - a huge closet where I can make some room if needed In the living room: - a phone with a land line for illimited calls to cell phones and many international destinations (useful since the cell coverage is not so good in the appartment) - cable TV - DVD/Blue Ray player - Hi-Fi with Ipod plug - a brand new couch - lots of books - and many many DVDs!!!!!! In the kitchen: - fridge - a freezer - washing machine with a dryer - microwave - oven - toaster, blender and even a machine to make sparkle water. No coffee machine though (I'm no	Welcome to my place! You'll be coming in my small but very charming apartment in the very heart of Paris. Only 2 min walking distance from le Louvre and the historic  Paris: île de la Cité and Pont Neuf. Very good neighbourhood with many shops, small restaurants... The perfect place to discover Paris! And the apartment has just been renovated (repainted, carpet changed and new couch since the pictures have been taken)!!! In the room: - double bed - small desk - a huge closet where I can make some room if needed In the living room: - a phone with a land line for illimited calls to cell phones and many international destinations (useful since the cell coverage is not so good in the appartment) - cable TV - DVD/Blue Ray player - Hi-Fi with Ipod plug - a brand new couch - lots of books - and many many DVDs!!!!!! In the kitchen: - fridge - a freezer - washing machine with a dryer - microwave - oven - toaster, blender and even a machine to make sparkle water. No coffee machine though (I'm no
14623		60 m² flat with a direct view on the Seine River. This double living room flat is perfect for a short trip in Paris. Close from all the main touristic attraction. 
14624	localisation parfaite au coeur de paris appartement très français meublé dans un esprit design... situé à coté de la place Vendome, du Palais Royal, de l'opéra Garnier, du musée du Louvre et du jardin des tuileries notre gouvernante sera présente à l'arrivée et au départ et vous conseillera les visites à effectuer, les bons plans, les restaurants sympas.... la situation géographique permet un accès direct aux principaux monuments, musées et parcs... metro ligne 1 station palais royal musée du louvre lignes 14 et 7 PYRAMIDES beaucoup de liaisons bus	Superbe appartement de 70 M2 de style haussmanien meublé dans un esprit design et contemporain situé à deux pas du Palais royal, du Louvre, de l'Opéra Garnier et de la Place Vendôme. Le très chic 1er arrondissement vous permet de vous retrouver au coeur de Paris . localisation parfaite au coeur de paris appartement très français meublé dans un esprit design... situé à coté de la place Vendome, du Palais Royal, de l'opéra Garnier, du musée du Louvre et du jardin des tuileries notre gouvernante sera présente à l'arrivée et au départ et vous conseillera les visites à effectuer, les bons plans, les restaurants sympas.... la situation géographique permet un accès direct aux principaux monuments, musées et parcs... metro ligne 1 station palais royal musée du louvre lignes 14 et 7 PYRAMIDES beaucoup de liaisons bus situé à coté de la place Vendome, du Palais Royal, de l'opéra Garnier, du musée du Louvre et du jardin des tuileries Une personne de mon entourage sera présente à l'arrivée et au d
14625	Located in the first district, this is a strategic place to enjoy the most beautiful charms of Paris : Museums, garden park, historic monuments, stores... everything for you dazzle! Apartment with a separated bedroom for 2 people, a bathroom with a bathtub and toilets separated. The kitchen is completely equipped : oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, vitroceramic, coffee machine Nespresso and everything for cooking. The living room and the kitchen are separated by a bar where you can eat or have a drink. The living room is tastefully decorated and contains a sofa and a large TV with home cinema, stereo and a desk.	"Ideal warm nest for 2 people located in a very calm and smart building. This apartment of 55m2 is on the first floor (without lift), the access is secured with a door code. All the windows are double-glazed and overlook a nice courtyard. Located in the first district, this is a strategic place to enjoy the most beautiful charms of Paris : Museums, garden park, historic monuments, stores... everything for you dazzle! Apartment with a separated bedroom for 2 people, a bathroom with a bathtub and toilets separated. The kitchen is completely equipped : oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, vitroceramic, coffee machine Nespresso and everything for cooking. The living room and the kitchen are separated by a bar where you can eat or have a drink. The living room is tastefully decorated and contains a sofa and a large TV with home cinema, stereo and a desk. Very chic and lovely neighborhood! This flat is at few steps from the famous attractions like "" Chateau du Louvre"", ""Jardin de"
14626	STANDING Beautiful Parisian building. The apartment is on the 5th and last floor and there is no elevator. Access to the building is secured by a code and an intercom at the entrance. LAYOUT One of the perfect Paris rental apartments ideal for two people with a separate bedroom (murphy bed of 140x200). The living-room features a high quality sofabed (130x200) but only two people are allowed to sleep in the apartment. Fully renovated last year, this accommodation is beautifully presented with an open kitchen that is fully equipped. There is a bathroom with a separate shower and separate toilets. Finally, the big advantage is the terrace that runs around the apartment which gives great light and it is a privilege to be able to soak up the sun in the heart of the capital. Being on the top floor, the apartment is very calm and has an additional double glazing. Really not to be missed ! You will not be disappointed by this little unique Parisian pearl.	One of the perfect Paris rental apartments ideal for two people. It is in the heart of the city, from where you can visit all the major touristic sites. You can also enjoy the sun from the rooftop terrace. STANDING Beautiful Parisian building. The apartment is on the 5th and last floor and there is no elevator. Access to the building is secured by a code and an intercom at the entrance. LAYOUT One of the perfect Paris rental apartments ideal for two people with a separate bedroom (murphy bed of 140x200). The living-room features a high quality sofabed (130x200) but only two people are allowed to sleep in the apartment. Fully renovated last year, this accommodation is beautifully presented with an open kitchen that is fully equipped. There is a bathroom with a separate shower and separate toilets. Finally, the big advantage is the terrace that runs around the apartment which gives great light and it is a privilege to be able to soak up the sun in the heart of the capital. Being on the t
14627	"The apartment ( 47m2, 506 sq ft) is between rue du Louvre and rue Saint-Honoré, next to the Louvre. It is a fourth floor walk-up, in a 19th century building, on the rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau, a quiet one-way street. "" The views are stunning -- the Eglise St Eustache, the commercial stockmarket with its wonderful statues lit up at night, and the quiet rue J-J Rousseau with its cozy cafes and restaurants, chic boutiques and the nearby covered nineteenth-century shopping gallery Véro-Dodat"" (guest review). The bedroom and living room are very quiet ( double-glazed windows ) and well sized with plenty of natural light ( southeast exposure ).  There is one double size bed (140 × 200 cm, 55 × 79 inches), and the sofa isn't ""a pull out"" but has a small (67x28 inches) and comfortable real matress. There is a separate, fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dish-washer, oven, microwave, etc.)  The bathroom has a full sized bath and shower.  Bath towels and linens are included.  There is a lar"	"In the heart of Paris, next to the Louvre, this 506 sq ft bright apartment is the perfect spot to start your discovery of the City of Light. Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou, Orsay, Marais, St Germain des Prés, Concorde are all within walking distance. The apartment ( 47m2, 506 sq ft) is between rue du Louvre and rue Saint-Honoré, next to the Louvre. It is a fourth floor walk-up, in a 19th century building, on the rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau, a quiet one-way street. "" The views are stunning -- the Eglise St Eustache, the commercial stockmarket with its wonderful statues lit up at night, and the quiet rue J-J Rousseau with its cozy cafes and restaurants, chic boutiques and the nearby covered nineteenth-century shopping gallery Véro-Dodat"" (guest review). The bedroom and living room are very quiet ( double-glazed windows ) and well sized with plenty of natural light ( southeast exposure ).  There is one double size bed (140 × 200 cm, 55 × 79 inches), and the sofa isn't ""a pull out"" but has a sm"
14628	Very quiet apartment in a beautiful old Parisian building. - Two bedrooms, with two real double beds, and one single matress for a fifth person or a child. -  Beautiful bathroom with a bathtub. - Kitchen with everything you need for cooking. -  Cosy living room with high ceilings and wooden floors.	Beautiful and very quiet apartment in a charming parisian building, in the heart of Paris, minutes away from major touristic sites (Louvre, Opéra, Palais Royal, Tuileries). It is also in a very nice area for shopping (Galeries Lafayetts, Printemps). Very quiet apartment in a beautiful old Parisian building. - Two bedrooms, with two real double beds, and one single matress for a fifth person or a child. -  Beautiful bathroom with a bathtub. - Kitchen with everything you need for cooking. -  Cosy living room with high ceilings and wooden floors. Access to the building is secured by a code and an intercom in the entrance. It is on the 1st floor, with an elevator. I am available via airbnb for any additional information, but it may be possible that I will not be the one to welcome you and give you the keys as I'm often away from Paris. It is ideally located, in the heart of the city from where you can visit the main touristic sights by foot, as it is only a few minutes away from Louvre, Pa
14629	Our studio is situated within 100m from the Louvre! The apartment is quiet and has all basic things one may need while traveling.  It sleeps up to 4 people.  The 1st district is the heart of Paris hosting the Louvre Palace and the Royal Palace. One of indisputable advantages of this apartment is its magnificent location, just within: - 100м from the Louvre, - 3-4 min. walk from Palais Royal, - 5-6 min. walk from the Marais district,  - 6-8 min. walk rom the Notre Dame, the Sante Chapel and other historical monuments of the Cite island. Our apartment accommodates 1-4 people. The minimum stay is 3 days. The Christmas/New Year's and May holidays - 5 days. Sometimes we accept 1- or 2-night bookings but only when they fill in the gaps between existing bookings.  ATTENTION: No check in or check out is possible on 31 Dec. We PROVIDE (included in the price): - FREE wi-fi Internet  - FREE international calls to land lines of the majority of the countries in the world + to US mobile phones),  - 	Our studio is situated within 100m from the Louvre! The apartment is quiet and has all basic things one may need while traveling.  It sleeps up to 4 people.  The 1st district is the heart of Paris hosting the Louvre Palace and the Royal Palace. One of indisputable advantages of this apartment is its magnificent location, just within: - 100м from the Louvre, - 3-4 min. walk from Palais Royal, - 5-6 min. walk from the Marais district,  - 6-8 min. walk rom the Notre Dame, the Sante Chapel and other historical monuments of the Cite island. Our apartment accommodates 1-4 people. The minimum stay is 3 days. The Christmas/New Year's and May holidays - 5 days. Sometimes we accept 1- or 2-night bookings but only when they fill in the gaps between existing bookings.  ATTENTION: No check in or check out is possible on 31 Dec.  We PROVIDE (included in the price): - FREE wi-fi Internet  - FREE international calls to land lines of the majority of the countries in the world + to US mobile phones),  -
14630	Welcome in my place, warm and cosy, full of charm. You will love to stay here, in a privileged area of Paris, one block from the Louvre and Palais Royal.  Charm and silence 	"Charming duplex with terrace in the center of historical typical Paris. In a very silent street, view on the roofs of Paris.  Fantastic area to live a true Parisian experience Welcome in my place, warm and cosy, full of charm. You will love to stay here, in a privileged area of Paris, one block from the Louvre and Palais Royal.  Charm and silence Nice building with code at the street door + key at the door of the building. All has been renewed recently. There is a lift, the appartment is at the last floor. Very silent. Very calm on a small street. IDEAL LOCATION !  The place is amazing as we are here in the heart of beautiful historic Paris, Palais Royal, Louvre, Opéra are at 5 minutes walk. All shops for anything you might need are down the street. A lot of restaurants, from the ""chic parisien"" to the simple one. Cinemas, theatre, Opera Garnier is at 10 minutes walk, as well as Galeries Lafayette.  Louvre museum at 5 minutes, River Seine, like Jardin des Tuileries and Jardin du Palais"
14631		This cosy studio is at the very heart of paris, close to Notre-Dame, the Latin quarter, the Saint-Michel fountain... Everything is right at hand, including public transportation! And if you feel like cooking, my pots and pans are right here for you. So many cafés, boulangeries (bakery / pastry shops), really cool restaurants from many regions (and not the touristy stuff, the real deal)... Plus, Notre-Dame, the Saint-Michel fountain, docks to hang out along the Seine... It's the most beautiful neighborhood of Paris! The closest stations are Saint-Michel and Odéon. They are deserved by RER B and C, Metros 4 and 10, and a bunch of buses. If you're willing to walk a little, Metros 1, 7, 11 and 14 are quite close as well. You can get more information from (website hidden)
14632	Ideally located two minutes away from the Palais Royal and the Louvre, and Jardin des Tuilleries with the renowned shopping and restaurant district that surrounds. 	Luxury, Stylish and Spacious Apartment in the heart of Paris ( Louvre-Palais Royal). It's a prestigious Hausmann's building ideally located two minutes away from the Palais Royal and the Louvre.  4  Bedrooms, 3 Baths, (Sleeps 8) Ideally located two minutes away from the Palais Royal and the Louvre, and Jardin des Tuilleries with the renowned shopping and restaurant district that surrounds.  Access into the apartment is both easy and secure; two codes are needed to enter the building, and then it is only a short ride in the elevator to the fourth floor. The Metro  is downstairs. I am very hands on host and i interact with my guests all the time. we also have a manager and a maid for checking in and out, for serving the needs of the guests. This neighborhood is the most central. It's a walk to practically anywhere a visitor wants to go: Louvre, Place Concorde, Hotel ritz, hotel Coste, Rue de St Honore, St Germain, Champs Elysees, Palais Royal, Opera, Marais etc It also has lots restauran
14633	• A Luxury Apartment Situated In The Heart Of Central Paris This beautiful, unique, newly renovated, 2 bedroom luxury apartment is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk across the beautiful gardens from the Louvre Museum. It is the ideal spot for families, friends, or couples traveling together who want to experience real Parisian living. The apartment has two bedrooms, with king beds, 2 full baths, a living room, a large fully equipped kitchen open onto the living room, big windows directly overlooking the historic Palais Royal gardens and fountain. It is located in an elegant old Parisian building that is part of the original Palais Royal, built in the 17th century. This apartment has been completely renovated to bring you modern comfort in traditonal French style. To ensure your comfort, the apartment has central heat and air conditioning. Both bedrooms have king-sized beds. The two bathrooms have large tubs with Am	This gorgeous unique 2 bedroom - 2 bathroom apartment rental (100 square meters - 1,076 square feet) is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk from the world famous Louvre Museum. • A Luxury Apartment Situated In The Heart Of Central Paris This beautiful, unique, newly renovated, 2 bedroom luxury apartment is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk across the beautiful gardens from the Louvre Museum. It is the ideal spot for families, friends, or couples traveling together who want to experience real Parisian living. The apartment has two bedrooms, with king beds, 2 full baths, a living room, a large fully equipped kitchen open onto the living room, big windows directly overlooking the historic Palais Royal gardens and fountain. It is located in an elegant old Parisian building that is part of the original Palais Royal, built in the 17th century. This apa
14634	De ce Duplex calme et lumineux avec un charme fou, Paris est à vos pieds ! Paris est à vous ! Toutes les PRINCIPALES VISITES  sont à 5/10 minutes à pied ou en vélo. Ce qui vous permet aussi de remonter vous reposer à l'appartement avant de repartir pour une nouvelle balade !	De ce Duplex calme et lumineux avec un charme fou, Paris est à vos pieds ! Paris est à vous ! Toutes les PRINCIPALES VISITES  sont à 5/10 minutes à pied ou en vélo. Ce qui vous permet aussi de remonter vous reposer à l'appartement avant de repartir pour une nouvelle balade ! A la disponibilité des voyageurs pour échanger avec eux ! Et les aider à réussir leur séjour parisien !  Regardez sur google map ! Et vous constaterez que la rue du Bouloi (où est situé cet appartement) est précisément au Centre de la Capitale ! Ce qui signifie que vous avez juste en bas de la maison les quartiers suivants à découvrir : quartier piéton de Montorgueil, Beaubourg et le nouveau Forum des Halles, Jardins du Palais Royal et Musée du  Louvre, Opéra, Notre Dame.  Accès direct Aéroport Orly Roissy et Gares via métro, bus, RER. Et de nombreuses stations près de l'appartement : Châtelet-Les Halles, Louvre, Etienne Marcel, Sentier 
14635	Very comfortable apartment nestled under the roofs of Paris in the heart of the capital in the 1st district. Area of 40 m2. A 5-minute walk from the Opera Garnier, the Louvre, the Palais Royal and the Jardin des Tuileries! Very cozy, it feels immediately at home.  On hand:  -elevator  -shower  -kitchen  -refrigerator  -2 Sofas, one sofa bed  -a double  -enceintes  -internet	Very comfortable apartment nestled under the roofs of Paris in the heart of the capital in the 1st district. Area of 40 m2. A 5-minute walk from the Opera Garnier, the Louvre, the Palais Royal and the Jardin des Tuileries! Very cozy, it feels immediately at home.  On hand:  -elevator  -shower  -kitchen  -refrigerator  -2 Sofas, one sofa bed  -a double  -enceintes  -internet
14636		Situé à Palais Royal, à côté du musée du Louvre, appartement au 3ème sans ascenseur avec fenêtre donnant sur rue. Une salle d'eau avec WC et lavabo. Il est également muni d'une kitchenette. Proche du métro, idéalement situé . Quartier assez chic mais au vu de sa proximité des autres, il est très facile de changer d'ambiance an quelques minutes. En métro : Ligne 1 arrêt Palais Royal Musée du Louvre
14637	Building of good standing. The apartment rental in Paris looks on an interior courtyard and a calm street. It has a very great height under ceiling and a view on a typically Parisian street which is in the axis of the windows of the apartment. Rent an apartment in Paris of 90 m2 that has been superbly furnished. It is composed of a spacious living area and two bedrooms. The main room features a living area with a comfortable sofabed and a coffee table. The sofabed has a queen size mattress chosen for a daily use. There used to be a futon (as shown on the pictures), but it has been replaced by a proper convertible couch with a queen size mattress 160×200. The dining area has a table that can accommodate up to 6 guests. The kitchen, entirely equipped, is open on the dining area. The first bedroom has a double bed (140 cm) and looks on the courtyard. The second has three single beds, of which two beds can be put side by side to form a double bed. The bathroom, which is very luxurious, is 	This apartment is perfect to rent for one in love with the true Paris as it is in a lively district in the centre of the capital, in the triangle formed by the Louvre, Chatelet and Montorgeuil. Building of good standing. The apartment rental in Paris looks on an interior courtyard and a calm street. It has a very great height under ceiling and a view on a typically Parisian street which is in the axis of the windows of the apartment. Rent an apartment in Paris of 90 m2 that has been superbly furnished. It is composed of a spacious living area and two bedrooms. The main room features a living area with a comfortable sofabed and a coffee table. The sofabed has a queen size mattress chosen for a daily use. There used to be a futon (as shown on the pictures), but it has been replaced by a proper convertible couch with a queen size mattress 160×200. The dining area has a table that can accommodate up to 6 guests. The kitchen, entirely equipped, is open on the dining area. The first bedroom 
14638	EMPLACEMENT EXCEPTIONNEL AU METRO PYRAMIDES 	Appartement 72 m² , 2 pièces , situé 16 rue des Pyramides 75001 PARIS , 5ème étage immeuble standing 19ème siècle pour 2 personnes. cuisine entièrement équipée, Air Conditionné, lave linge séchant, lave vaisselle, TV internet wifi. EMPLACEMENT EXCEPTIONNEL AU METRO PYRAMIDES 
14639	"Hello travelers, I am letting my lovely 2 rooms flat on daily and/or weekly basis for 2 people maximum (exceptionally 4 people) - Non Smoker It is located right in the center, rue Saint Honoré in the 1st arrondissement of Paris, next to Le Louvre, Palais Royal, Pyramide Carroussel du Louvre, Jardin des Tuileries, Place de la Concorde, Opéra, les Halles, la Comédie Française and l'Opéra, Place des Victoires. A nice 15 minutes walk to Museums like Beaubourg Modern Art Museum, Orsay, Jeu de Paume, l'Orangerie... 2 minutes walk from 3 metro stations: Palais Royal, Tuileries, Pyramides 15 Minutes walk from the famous ""Grands Magasins: les Galeries Lafayette et Le Printemps"" and Les Halles (commercial center), from Saint Germain across the Seine and Place de la Concorde. Its location is exceptional for those who want to visit Paris and also for business people. Next to the food markets, rue du Marché Saint Honoré and rue Montorgueil All kind of shops, fashion shops like Colette and all the g"	"Hello travelers, I am letting my lovely 2 rooms flat on daily and/or weekly basis for 2 people maximum (exceptionally 4 people) - Non Smoker It is located right in the center, rue Saint Honoré in the 1st arrondissement of Paris, next to Le Louvre, Palais Royal, Pyramide Carroussel du Louvre, Jardin des Tuileries, Place de la Concorde, Opéra, les Halles, la Comédie Française and l'Opéra, Place des Victoires. A nice 15 minutes walk to Museums like Beaubourg Modern Art Museum, Orsay, Jeu de Paume, l'Orangerie... 2 minutes walk from 3 metro stations: Palais Royal, Tuileries, Pyramides 15 Minutes walk from the famous ""Grands Magasins: les Galeries Lafayette et Le Printemps"" and Les Halles (commercial center), from Saint Germain across the Seine and Place de la Concorde. Its location is exceptional for those who want to visit Paris and also for business people. Next to the food markets, rue du Marché Saint Honoré and rue Montorgueil All kind of shops, fashion shops like Colette and all the g"
14640	This modern-style studio is located in the center of Paris, 5mns by walk from the Louvre museum and the Rue de Rivoli, in the heart of the 1st arrondissement of the city. Very well designed by interior architect, the studio is very modern and is cleverly made to avoid any lost space. Wooden floor and the very simple decoration has been especially thinked to allow a confort time for our customers. It is situated on the 6th floor of a modern, calm and very secured building (two doors with codes), which also has elevator. Ideal for couples, or a family (the sofa is a sofa-bed), you will find the main room with couch, TV and internet, a separated bathroom with shower and toilets, and a hidden full-equiped kitchen. On the 6th floor (with elevator) of a modern building, this appartment has a good west exposure.	This modern-style studio of 30m2  is located in the center of Paris, 5mns by walk from the Louvre museum. Very well designed by interior architect, it is cleverly made to avoid any lost space. 6th floor (elevator) This modern-style studio is located in the center of Paris, 5mns by walk from the Louvre museum and the Rue de Rivoli, in the heart of the 1st arrondissement of the city. Very well designed by interior architect, the studio is very modern and is cleverly made to avoid any lost space. Wooden floor and the very simple decoration has been especially thinked to allow a confort time for our customers. It is situated on the 6th floor of a modern, calm and very secured building (two doors with codes), which also has elevator. Ideal for couples, or a family (the sofa is a sofa-bed), you will find the main room with couch, TV and internet, a separated bathroom with shower and toilets, and a hidden full-equiped kitchen. On the 6th floor (with elevator) of a modern building, this appart
14641	Dans un immeuble datant du 18ème siècle,  cet appartement de 2 pièces de 40 m2 se situe au 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur offrant une vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris, le Sacré Cœur et sur le passage Choiseul. L’appartement offre une décoration très cosy, vintage et campagne. Un véritable cocon perché au cœur du Little Tokyo parisien. Appartement atypique en partie en duplex avec poutres apparentes, parquet, tomettes et cheminé.  Composé d’une petite entrée, d’une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo, toilettes et une microchaîne HIFI. Linge de toilette fourni. Une cuisine indépendante tout équipée (Frigidaire avec un compartiment indépendant congélateur,  Four micro-onde mini four, plaques, bouilloire, vaisselle, machine à café, lave linge ainsi qu’une table dinatoire en formica). Un salon comprenant une cheminé, table basse, canapé, meuble de rangement, télévision avec bouquet de chaines internationales et WIFI. En mezzanine un lit double avec draps fournis. A l’étage une petite	Dans un immeuble datant du 18ème siècle,  cet appartement de 2 pièces de 40 m2 se situe au 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur offrant une vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris, le Sacré Cœur et sur le passage Choiseul. L’appartement offre une décoration très cosy, vintage et campagne. Un véritable cocon perché au cœur du Little Tokyo parisien. Appartement atypique en partie en duplex avec poutres apparentes, parquet, tomettes et cheminé.  Composé d’une petite entrée, d’une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo, toilettes et une microchaîne HIFI. Linge de toilette fourni. Une cuisine indépendante tout équipée (Frigidaire avec un compartiment indépendant congélateur,  Four micro-onde mini four, plaques, bouilloire, vaisselle, machine à café, lave linge ainsi qu’une table dinatoire en formica). Un salon comprenant une cheminé, table basse, canapé, meuble de rangement, télévision avec bouquet de chaines internationales et WIFI. En mezzanine un lit double avec draps fournis. A l’étage une petite
14642	Studio, 33 sqm, quiet, on the ground floor can accommodate four. It consists of: - the living room: a foldable bed (160*200), a sofa bed (140x200), a coffee table, a HD TV, WIFI / broadband Internet connection; - the kitchen block is fully equipped with 2 ring hob, an owen, a fridge, cooker, kettle, a dish washer, and everything you need to cook; - four high chairs for the bar; - a desk; - a bathroom with a tub / shower, a basin ; - toilets; - a dressing with a washing / drying machine. The linen is provided.	La Porte du Louvre is an intimate oasis of Zen nestled in the 1st arrondissement of Paris - exactly where it all began. Studio, 33 sqm, quiet, on the ground floor can accommodate four. It consists of: - the living room: a foldable bed (160*200), a sofa bed (140x200), a coffee table, a HD TV, WIFI / broadband Internet connection; - the kitchen block is fully equipped with 2 ring hob, an owen, a fridge, cooker, kettle, a dish washer, and everything you need to cook; - four high chairs for the bar; - a desk; - a bathroom with a tub / shower, a basin ; - toilets; - a dressing with a washing / drying machine. The linen is provided.
14643	"• Beautiful Gardens Outside Your Door This charming completely renovated two bedroom apartment is situated directly on the gardens of the famous Palais Royal and just a stone's throw from the Louvre. The apartment is an ideal spot for a family, two couples, or simply friends traveling together who want to experience living like a ""real"" Parisian. The beautiful gardens outside your doors are perfect for children to play in and adults to stroll in. The apartment has its own private entryway from the narrow street and also from the gardens. The flat is on three levels. The entryway and living room are on the ground floor. There are two cozy and small bedrooms and one full bath on the second floor and the kitchen and half bath (toilet, sink) are below the ground floor. PLEASE NOTE that there are stairways leading from the entryway to the bedrooms and from the living room to the kitchen. They are fairly narrow and could pose a problem for someone elderly or someone who has trouble walking. "	"This charming 2 bedroom - 1 bathroom apartment (65 square meters - 700 square feet) is situated directly on the gardens of the historic Palais Royal, just a stone's throw from the Louvre. • Beautiful Gardens Outside Your Door This charming completely renovated two bedroom apartment is situated directly on the gardens of the famous Palais Royal and just a stone's throw from the Louvre. The apartment is an ideal spot for a family, two couples, or simply friends traveling together who want to experience living like a ""real"" Parisian. The beautiful gardens outside your doors are perfect for children to play in and adults to stroll in. The apartment has its own private entryway from the narrow street and also from the gardens. The flat is on three levels. The entryway and living room are on the ground floor. There are two cozy and small bedrooms and one full bath on the second floor and the kitchen and half bath (toilet, sink) are below the ground floor. PLEASE NOTE that there are stairways"
14644	• Unique And Luxury Apartment On The Gardens Of The Palais Royal This beautiful, unique, newly renovated, 3 bedroom luxury duplex apartment is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk across the beautiful gardens from the Louvre Museum. It is the ideal spot for families, friends or couples traveling together who want to experience real Parisian living. The apartment has three bedrooms with king beds (one of these can be separated to make two comfortable single beds), 3 full baths, one half bath, a huge living room, a large fully equipped kitchen that opens onto the living room, a long balcony directly overlooking the historic Palais Royal gardens and a lovely terrace with table and chairs overlooking the quiet and narrow street. It is in an elegant Parisian building that is part of the original Palais Royal built in the 17th century. The building elevator takes you to the 3rd floor, then you walk up one more flight to rea	This beautiful unique 3 bedroom - 3 bathroom luxury duplex penthouse apartment rental (140 square meters - 1,507 square feet) is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk from the world • Unique And Luxury Apartment On The Gardens Of The Palais Royal This beautiful, unique, newly renovated, 3 bedroom luxury duplex apartment is situated in the heart of central Paris, directly on the gardens of historic Palais Royal and a short walk across the beautiful gardens from the Louvre Museum. It is the ideal spot for families, friends or couples traveling together who want to experience real Parisian living. The apartment has three bedrooms with king beds (one of these can be separated to make two comfortable single beds), 3 full baths, one half bath, a huge living room, a large fully equipped kitchen that opens onto the living room, a long balcony directly overlooking the historic Palais Royal gardens and a lovely terrace with tabl
14645	One bedroom apartment, 42 sqm, for 4 people on the 4h floor with lift. It consists of: - the lobby that grants access to all rooms of the apartment; - the kitchen/bar open on the living room : equipped with an oven, 2 ring hob, fridge, cooker, coffee maker, kettle and everything you need to cook. - the living room: a cofee table, a sofa, two armchairs, a foldable table that accommodate four, a TV, WIFI / broadband Internet connection and a stylish decor. - the bedroom: equipped with a 2 seater 160cm bed, a mirror, a chest of drawers, cupboards and lamps. - the bathroom: with tub/shower, one sink, hair dryer and a toilet. The linen is provided. No pets allowed.	Located one block from Le Louvre, one block from Palais Royal and two blocks from Opéra Garnier, two blocks from la Place des Victoires, Pygmalion will meet your expectations One bedroom apartment, 42 sqm, for 4 people on the 4h floor with lift. It consists of: - the lobby that grants access to all rooms of the apartment; - the kitchen/bar open on the living room : equipped with an oven, 2 ring hob, fridge, cooker, coffee maker, kettle and everything you need to cook. - the living room: a cofee table, a sofa, two armchairs, a foldable table that accommodate four, a TV, WIFI / broadband Internet connection and a stylish decor. - the bedroom: equipped with a 2 seater 160cm bed, a mirror, a chest of drawers, cupboards and lamps. - the bathroom: with tub/shower, one sink, hair dryer and a toilet. The linen is provided. No pets allowed.
14646	Sa situation privilégiée sa décoration contemporaine haut de gamme son calme absolu	Situation optimum calme absolu prestation haut de gamme Sa situation privilégiée sa décoration contemporaine haut de gamme son calme absolu A l'ensemble de l'appartement A l'accueil pour information sur l'appartement ainsi que sur les différentes activités parisiennes Appartement de standing de 45m2 en plein cœur de Paris entre Louvre et Opéra à côté du Palais Royal  à 15mm à pied de St Germain des Prés et des bords de Seine, île st Louis et île de la Cité dans un secteur très recherché pour la découverte à pied de nombreux monuments  musées et magasins Rue de Rivoli Bd Hausmann Opéra etc L'accès au métro RER et bus en ce plein centre de Paris est optimum  L'appartement est refait à neuf avec un mobilier haut de gamme 2 TV écrans plats (séjour et chambre) Cuisine  entièrement équipée grille pain cafetière Nespresso plaque induction four multifonctions réfrigérateur vaisselle neuve petit ménager électrique aspirateur Chambre fermée lit 200x140 literie neuve 2 chevets Séjour avec canapé 
14647	Ideally located in the Beaubourg pedestrian district, steps from the transport hub of Châtelet-Les Halles and the world-renowned Centre Pompidou, as well as a stone’s throw away from the gorgeous Hôtel de Ville and the Notre-Dame Cathedral, this lovely 23m2 (248ft2) boutique studio apartment has been totally remodelled in April 2013.  It is on the 3rd floor of a well-kept 18th century walk-up building, facing a bright and quiet courtyard.  It boasts a good-size living room with high ceilings, a dining area and a comfortable high quality sofabed that easily opens into a queen-size double bed (200x140 cm). The bedding includes brand new, prime quality linen and 95% down-feather pillows. A separate fully-fitted kitchen is connected to the dining area through a charming in-room window. The stylish and modern bathroom features a spacious walk-in shower. A state-of-the-art video/tv/cd/dvd player, wireless high-speed internet, a telephone line with continent-wide free phone calls and a scan-c	Châtelet-Les Halles-Beaubourg - modern elegant deco - high ceilings - extremely bright - faces a tranquil courtyard - wifi/tv/dvd/cd/hifi/scan-copy-printer/phone - spacious ceiling closets - pro. cleaning service - cafés/réstos/fitness-spa clubs/jazz Ideally located in the Beaubourg pedestrian district, steps from the transport hub of Châtelet-Les Halles and the world-renowned Centre Pompidou, as well as a stone’s throw away from the gorgeous Hôtel de Ville and the Notre-Dame Cathedral, this lovely 23m2 (248ft2) boutique studio apartment has been totally remodelled in April 2013.  It is on the 3rd floor of a well-kept 18th century walk-up building, facing a bright and quiet courtyard.  It boasts a good-size living room with high ceilings, a dining area and a comfortable high quality sofabed that easily opens into a queen-size double bed (200x140 cm). The bedding includes brand new, prime quality linen and 95% down-feather pillows. A separate fully-fitted kitchen is connected to the din
14648	Apartment with AIR CONDITIONNING Large studio in a recent building with elevator AC, heater, Internet, 2 people This apartment is located on the very chic rue Saint Honore of Paris, a paradise for shoppers! Omega, Black Norms, Hugo Boss, Max Mara, Zapa, Alberta Ferretti, Astier de Villate, Ba&sh - Saint-Honore, Brooks Brothers, La boutique Chantal Thomass, Maje - Saint-Honore... and many others, right at your door!   And also: - Museums: the Louvre just minutes away, the Orsay Museum... - Monuments: The Tuileries gardens, Palais Royal, Notre Dame, the Opera Garnier ... The Eiffel Tower (which is not in the very center of Paris) is about 20 mn away by metro. The Champs Elysees avenue is less than 5  minutes away by metro. - Districts: you are in the heart of Paris, next to the Louvre. Close to the Marais district on one side, the Champs Elysees on the other, the Latin Quarter accross the river, the Islands Ile de la Cite and Ile Saint Louis are just near by etc. - Dozens of restaurants 	Apartment with AIR CONDITIONNING, perfect location Apartment with AIR CONDITIONNING Large studio in a recent building with elevator AC, heater, Internet, 2 people This apartment is located on the very chic rue Saint Honore of Paris, a paradise for shoppers! Omega, Black Norms, Hugo Boss, Max Mara, Zapa, Alberta Ferretti, Astier de Villate, Ba&sh - Saint-Honore, Brooks Brothers, La boutique Chantal Thomass, Maje - Saint-Honore... and many others, right at your door!   And also: - Museums: the Louvre just minutes away, the Orsay Museum... - Monuments: The Tuileries gardens, Palais Royal, Notre Dame, the Opera Garnier ... The Eiffel Tower (which is not in the very center of Paris) is about 20 mn away by metro. The Champs Elysees avenue is less than 5  minutes away by metro. - Districts: you are in the heart of Paris, next to the Louvre. Close to the Marais district on one side, the Champs Elysees on the other, the Latin Quarter accross the river, the Islands Ile de la Cite and Ile Saint L
14649	Il est moderne et au calme,  au 3 eme étage avec ascenseur. Situé au cœur de Paris.  Appartement familiale ou nous  aurons le plaisir  de vous accueillir et de vous guider dans votre séjour, si vous  avez besoin d'information. 	"Nous vous proposons une belle chambre chez nous. Au cœur de Paris, entre le LOUVRE, Concorde, châtelet, Notre Dame. Vous serez accueillit dans un appartement moderne et au calme de tout bruit extérieur. Il est moderne et au calme,  au 3 eme étage avec ascenseur. Situé au cœur de Paris.  Appartement familiale ou nous  aurons le plaisir  de vous accueillir et de vous guider dans votre séjour, si vous  avez besoin d'information. Salle de bain, équipe de baignoire et/ou douche, possibilité d'utiliser la cuisine pour le petit déjeuner, aussi si besoin le frigo reste a votre disposition. Vous disposer d'une télé dans la chambre. I will be available for tenants. Also I can purpose them a dinner shared with my family and I with a participation fee Nous sommes au cœur de Paris, 3 stations de métro proches a l'appartement:  entre le métro ""châtelet ""ou ""Louvre- Rivoli"" ou aussi "" les halles"" quartier  agréable, près du seine, près du Louvre, et des commerces de tout genre, restaurants et bars un"
14650	Cet appartement est unique compte tenu de sa localisation. De plus, c'est un appartement lumineux et trés fonctionnel. Un séjour avec canapé lit, d'une cuisine équipée et d'une salle d'eau avec wc. L'appartement se situe au 5ème étage, feignant, s'abstenir!! This cute little flat is perfectly located right in center of Paris near le Louvre, Opéra Garnier or quartier Saint Michel. 6 subway lines will take you anywhere you want to go. The flat  is fully equiped for short stay: living room with couch/bed, kitchen, bathroom including shower and toilets. The flat is on 5th floor, no lift and is the size of a room.	Ce charmant studio situé idéalement en plein centre de Paris, au coeur du quartier Montorgueil (75001) est parfait pour un séjour seul ou en couple. L'appartement de 10m2 dispose d'un séjour avec canapé lit, d'une cuisine équipée et d'une salle d'eau avec wc. Cet appartement est unique compte tenu de sa localisation. De plus, c'est un appartement lumineux et trés fonctionnel. Un séjour avec canapé lit, d'une cuisine équipée et d'une salle d'eau avec wc. L'appartement se situe au 5ème étage, feignant, s'abstenir!! This cute little flat is perfectly located right in center of Paris near le Louvre, Opéra Garnier or quartier Saint Michel. 6 subway lines will take you anywhere you want to go. The flat  is fully equiped for short stay: living room with couch/bed, kitchen, bathroom including shower and toilets. The flat is on 5th floor, no lift and is the size of a room. Très facile d'accès. Via RER A ou RER B, s'arrêter â Châtelet. Par la ligne de métro 4, s'arrêter à Etienne Marcel. Par le 
14651	This spacious apartment of 650 sq ft is located in Central Paris with a view on Notre-Dame-de-Paris, and two steps away from Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The apartment offers a large living-room with a sitting area with comfy Steiner sofa and a sofa bed for two and a large flat screen TV, a fully equiped American kitchen with a bar, a large bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom, seperated toilets, Internet connection, and is located on the 2rd floor of a 17th century building.   The classic Parisian architecture and atypical interior with stone walls and beams with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing.   The owner puts a particular emphasis on cleanliness & servic	This spacious apartment of 650 sq ft is located in Central Paris with a view on Notre-Dame-de-Paris, and two steps away from Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The apartment offers a large living-room with a sitting area with comfy Steiner sofa and a sofa bed for two and a large flat screen TV, a fully equiped American kitchen with a bar, a large bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom, seperated toilets, Internet connection, and is located on the 2rd floor of a 17th century building.   The classic Parisian architecture and atypical interior with stone walls and beams with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing.   The owner puts a particular emphasis on cleanliness & servic
14652	Luxury apartment freshly renovated in 2013, located in the rue Saint Honoré, Paris 1st district. A few steps from the Louvre, Palais Royal and the Tuileries garden, cosy, convenient, and ideally located: your perfect location in Paris!  The flat is located on the 3rd floor, on the courtyard, so it is really peacefull and quiet. The apartment has a spacious bedroom with a large King Size Bed, in the living room you have as well as a sofa that transforms into a real bed (very comfy) in the living-room suitable for 2 people.  The entrance can be turned into a room with two bunks bed that can be fold in 2 minutes. The flat has two bathroom with shower. You have one toilet in the 1st bathroom and another separated. The place fits 6 very comfortably!  It is fully furnished with all the modern equipment one may hope for, such as 2 flat screen TVs (one in the living room, one in the masterbedroom), , Wi-Fi,  Internet, etc...  The kitchen is brand new and equipped with kettle, coffee maker, dis	    Cosi and design apartment located between the Louvre and the place Vendôme.    Luxury apartment freshly renovated in 2013, located in the rue Saint Honoré, Paris 1st district. A few steps from the Louvre, Palais Royal and the Tuileries garden, cosy, convenient, and ideally located: your perfect location in Paris!  The flat is located on the 3rd floor, on the courtyard, so it is really peacefull and quiet. The apartment has a spacious bedroom with a large King Size Bed, in the living room you have as well as a sofa that transforms into a real bed (very comfy) in the living-room suitable for 2 people.  The entrance can be turned into a room with two bunks bed that can be fold in 2 minutes. The flat has two bathroom with shower. You have one toilet in the 1st bathroom and another separated. The place fits 6 very comfortably!  It is fully furnished with all the modern equipment one may hope for, such as 2 flat screen TVs (one in the living room, one in the masterbedroom), , Wi-Fi,  Int
14653	Central Paris, in front of the marvelous tour st Jacques, beautiful Gothic monument built at the beginning of the 16th century and recently renovated. Spacious, decorated with a good taste and “alive”, with the books and the paintings of the owner who still uses it quite often, this apartment is the perfect spot where to live as a Parisian, in the very center of the town. Everything is at a walking distance. Two double bedrooms with desk, a bathroom with bathtub, a well-organized kitchen, a nice living with a glass and wooden table and comfortable sofa, lot of light, a beautiful view, these are some of the characteristics of this apartment.  To complete it, the charm of the old Paris: ancient fireplaces, beautiful parquet and ceiling moldings. AREA The location of this apartment doesn’t need long explications; a list of the sites which are at a distance shorter than 1 km from it should be self-explicatory: the Louvre Museum, the Palais Royal, Saint Germain de Pres, Notre Dame church, P	Central Paris, in front of the marvelous tour st Jacques, beautiful Gothic monument built at the beginning of the 16th century and recently renovated. Spacious, decorated with a good taste and “alive”, with the books and the paintings of the owner who still uses it quite often, this apartment is the perfect spot where to live as a Parisian, in the very center of the town. Everything is at a walking distance. Two double bedrooms with desk, a bathroom with bathtub, a well-organized kitchen, a nice living with a glass and wooden table and comfortable sofa, lot of light, a beautiful view, these are some of the characteristics of this apartment.  To complete it, the charm of the old Paris: ancient fireplaces, beautiful parquet and ceiling moldings. AREA The location of this apartment doesn’t need long explications; a list of the sites which are at a distance shorter than 1 km from it should be self-explicatory: the Louvre Museum, the Palais Royal, Saint Germain de Pres, Notre Dame church, P
14654	This is were we live, a family of 4 ( 2 adults and 2 girls aged 17 and 12). 3 large bedrooms and a sofa convertible into a real bed can accomodate 6 people while maintaining a required level of privacy. All that is necessary to conduct a regular family life exists in the apartment. We rent out the apartment only during Paris school holidays. 	150sq m. dining room - large living room - 3 large bedrooms - at walking distance from the Louvre and the Tuileries - Don't waste time in transports and enjoy the best of Paris - Street markets on wednesday afternoons and saturday mornings. This is were we live, a family of 4 ( 2 adults and 2 girls aged 17 and 12). 3 large bedrooms and a sofa convertible into a real bed can accomodate 6 people while maintaining a required level of privacy. All that is necessary to conduct a regular family life exists in the apartment. We rent out the apartment only during Paris school holidays. The guests will have access to the whole apartment and will obviously be requested to take care of our belongings as we do. The apartment is in a very secure neighbourhood and a concierge lives downstairs. I shall welcome the guests and collect the key upon departure. As I am never far away I might interfere more ( arranging house cleaning - tips for museums and restaurants...) For us there is no other district 
14655	Beautiful one bedroom wooden floor apartment in the heart of Paris. Ideally located between Le Louvre, the Opera, and the upscale fashion stores of rue St Honoré ( Colette, Tom Ford, Angelina, Chanel...) First floor of a classical and chic building with an elevator, a digicode and interphone for your safety.    Large living room with chimney, a comfortable sofa with a very nice white carpet (Beni ouarain) and a dining table with 4 executive chairs (Charles Pollock)  HQ equipment (Plasma screen, Wifi connection and Bose sound system for IPod / iPhone) complete this lovely living room. The kitchen is perfectly equiped with a micro-wave, a baking oven, a washing/drying machine, a Magimix blender, a kettle and an eggs cooker.       The elegant bedroom will be perfect for quiet nights or relaxing naps with its dark blue walls and white doors ( wardrobe). It opens on a black and white bathroom with a comfortable bathtub. Five minutes walk from Opera, department stores (Galeries Lafayette...)	Beautiful one bedroom wooden floor apartment in the heart of Paris. Ideally located between Le Louvre, the Opera, and the upscale fashion stores of rue St Honoré ( Colette, Tom Ford, Angelina, Chanel...) First floor of a classical and chic building with an elevator, a digicode and interphone for your safety.    Large living room with chimney, a comfortable sofa with a very nice white carpet (Beni ouarain) and a dining table with 4 executive chairs (Charles Pollock)  HQ equipment (Plasma screen, Wifi connection and Bose sound system for IPod / iPhone) complete this lovely living room. The kitchen is perfectly equiped with a micro-wave, a baking oven, a washing/drying machine, a Magimix blender, a kettle and an eggs cooker.       The elegant bedroom will be perfect for quiet nights or relaxing naps with its dark blue walls and white doors ( wardrobe). It opens on a black and white bathroom with a comfortable bathtub. Five minutes walk from Opera, department stores (Galeries Lafayette...)
14656	The Studio - 3rd floor - offers an ideal location in Paris (only 5-minute walk to the Louvre Museum). The typical neighborhood will enable you to become acquainted with the Old Paris and enjoy the many theaters and restaurants nearby. Flat is ideally situated for tourism or business. The Jean-Jacques Rousseau street follows the side of the famous Louvre Museum and its Four-Sided Square, where still echoes its past glory. You will be a few steps away from the famous and enjoyable Tuileries Gardens which housed the sparks of the French Revolution. But why enumerate all the treasures enclosed in this neighbourhood ? The best would be to find out yourself ... The owner of the apartment has put a lot of effort to ensure your optimal comfort. Accommodation for two, indeed there is a double bed and. In addition, you will find: a bathroom with multi-jet shower, central heating, a fully equipped kitchen (tableware and accessories included) and cable TV. Thanks to free unlimited local calls (and	The Studio - 3rd floor - offers an ideal location in Paris (only 5-minute walk to the Louvre Museum). The typical neighborhood will enable you to become acquainted with the Old Paris and enjoy the many theaters and restaurants nearby. Flat is ideally situated for tourism or business. The Jean-Jacques Rousseau street follows the side of the famous Louvre Museum and its Four-Sided Square, where still echoes its past glory. You will be a few steps away from the famous and enjoyable Tuileries Gardens which housed the sparks of the French Revolution. But why enumerate all the treasures enclosed in this neighbourhood ? The best would be to find out yourself ... The owner of the apartment has put a lot of effort to ensure your optimal comfort. Accommodation for two, indeed there is a double bed and. In addition, you will find: a bathroom with multi-jet shower, central heating, a fully equipped kitchen (tableware and accessories included) and cable TV. Thanks to free unlimited local calls (and
14657	Beautiful two rooms apartment, ideally located for visiting Paris. At the heart of the 8th arrondissement, close to the Elysee, Place de la Madeleine, Concorde, the Tuileries Gardens, the Champs Elysées. But also the Place Vendome, the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, many delis as Ladurée, Fauchon, Hédiard, Kaspia etc.. Luxury brands are installed in the building as Chanel and Valentino. The apartment is fully equipped and very pleasant. You will feel safe with the gendarmes posted 24/24 near the accommodation. Once you arrive you will not want to leave!	One bedroom apartment fully furnished, welcoming and cozy, located in the heart of Paris, in one of the most luxurious streets of the 8th and the capital. Beautiful two rooms apartment, ideally located for visiting Paris. At the heart of the 8th arrondissement, close to the Elysee, Place de la Madeleine, Concorde, the Tuileries Gardens, the Champs Elysées. But also the Place Vendome, the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, many delis as Ladurée, Fauchon, Hédiard, Kaspia etc.. Luxury brands are installed in the building as Chanel and Valentino. The apartment is fully equipped and very pleasant. You will feel safe with the gendarmes posted 24/24 near the accommodation. Once you arrive you will not want to leave! Guests have access to the whole apartment which has a living / dining room, a kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. We'll be at you disposal during all your stay if you need any information, by phone or email. The apartment is located in one of the most beautiful and prestigious district of 
14658	La Résidence du Louvre - 2nd floor Address : 15, rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau - Paris 1st district | Louvre-Rivoli metro station Luxury : Attributes : Queen size bed - Sofa-bed 1 pers. (Beds 2/3 people) ALL INCLUSIVE RATES* : 100 euros/night** | 600 euros/week | 1800 euros/month Details of the apartment The Résidence du Louvre - 2nd floor - is ideally situated for tourism or business. The Jean-Jacques Rousseau street follows the side of the famous Louvre Museum and its Four-Sided Square, where still echoes its past glory. You will be a few steps away from the famous and enjoyable Tuileries Gardens which housed the sparks of the French Revolution. But why enumerate all the treasures enclosed in this neighbourhood ? The best would be to find out yourself from theRésidence du Louvre... The owner of the apartment has put a lot of effort to ensure your optimal comfort. Accommodation for two to three people is guaranteed, indeed there is a double bed and a sofa-bed (one person). In addition, yo	 La Résidence du Louvre - 2ème étage  Adresse: 15, rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau - Paris 1er arrondissement | Louvre-Rivoli station de métro  Prestige:  Attributs: lit queen size - Canapé-lit 1 pers. (Lits 2/3 personnes)  LES TARIFS TOUT COMPRIS *: 100 euros / nuit ** | 600 euros / semaine | 1800 euros / mois  Détails de l'appartement  La Résidence du Louvre - 2ème étage - est idéalement situé pour tourisme ou affaires. Le Jean-Jacques Rousseau rue suit le côté de la célèbre Musée du Louvre et de ses quatre-Sided Square, où résonne encore sa gloire passée. Vous serez à quelques pas du jardin des Tuileries célèbres et agréable qui abritaient les étincelles de la Révolution française. Mais pourquoi énumérer tous les trésors enfermés dans ce quartier? Le mieux serait de trouver vous-même à partir theRésidence du Louvre ...  Le propriétaire de l'appartement a mis beaucoup d'efforts pour assurer votre confort optimal. Hébergement pour deux à trois personnes est garantie, en effet il ya un lit d
14659		BEL APPARTEMENT CONFORTABLE 
14660		2 pièces à 100 mètres du Louvre et Palais Royal , de type bourgeois ; moulures, parquet Versaillé et 4 mètres de hauteur sous plafond. 1 Étage sans ascenceur. Proches de super boutiques, resto et bar
14661		In the heart of a Paris, appt for 6 persons with 2 bathrooms and a lot of charms under the roofs of paris. Great location at a walking distance of Le Louvre or Pompidou. Market down the street for everyday French products
14662	This apartment is the Paris pied-a-terre of a distinguished British writer. It overlooks a leafy courtyard, so quiet that it’s hard to believe you are in the very heart of one of the world’s great capital cities. No traffic to wake you up here – and no noisy neighbours or paper-thin walls either: one merit of 18th century construction is that it’s solid stone. The apartment itself comprises a dining room with fully equipped open kitchen – complete with a dining table from the 1890s, designed by Gustav Eiffel, the man who built the Eiffel tower; a drawing room with a stone fireplace and Edwardian furnishings, dating from the early 1900s; a mirrored bedroom area, separated from the living area by a low wall and wrought-iron screen (also at least a hundred years old, but whether it’s 17th or 19th century no one seems able to say); and a bathroom with bath, shower, loo and bidet (an accessory the French won’t do without). The apartment is equipped with internet, cable television, and offer	Boasting all the comforts of your very own Parisian apartment, revel in the charm and features dating back to a Century of intricacy. Constructed with solid stone overlooking a leafy courtyard  This apartment is the Paris pied-a-terre of a distinguished British writer. It overlooks a leafy courtyard, so quiet that it’s hard to believe you are in the very heart of one of the world’s great capital cities. No traffic to wake you up here – and no noisy neighbours or paper-thin walls either: one merit of 18th century construction is that it’s solid stone. The apartment itself comprises a dining room with fully equipped open kitchen – complete with a dining table from the 1890s, designed by Gustav Eiffel, the man who built the Eiffel tower; a drawing room with a stone fireplace and Edwardian furnishings, dating from the early 1900s; a mirrored bedroom area, separated from the living area by a low wall and wrought-iron screen (also at least a hundred years old, but whether it’s 17th or 19th c
14663	Une situation exceptionnelle en plein cœur de Paris. Au sein du 1er arrondissement, l'appartement de 60m2 situé sur l'avenue de l'opéra est proche de nombreux monuments comme l'église de la Madeleine, du Louvre, de l'Opera Garnier, de la place de la Concorde .... L'appartement est calme, dans un immeuble haussmanien de standing sécurisé avec digicode. Il y a un ascenseur qui permet d'accéder facilement à l'appartement.  L'appartement est décoré de façon moderne et équipé dans le but de satisfaire pleinement les locataires (TV, wifi, satellite, draps et linge de maison ainsi que serviettes de bain). PROXIMITE  Magasins, supermarchés, commerces, restaurants, office du tourisme, supermarchés asiatiques 	Appartement cosy de 2 pièces de 60m2 situé sur l'avenue de l'opéra, dans le premier arrondissement de Paris. SITUATION IDÉALE A PROXIMITE DU LOUVRE Entièrement refait à neuf  Tout confort et entièrement équipé. Séjour, salle à manger, chambre et salle de bains comprenant une douche et baignoire. Une situation exceptionnelle en plein cœur de Paris. Au sein du 1er arrondissement, l'appartement de 60m2 situé sur l'avenue de l'opéra est proche de nombreux monuments comme l'église de la Madeleine, du Louvre, de l'Opera Garnier, de la place de la Concorde .... L'appartement est calme, dans un immeuble haussmanien de standing sécurisé avec digicode. Il y a un ascenseur qui permet d'accéder facilement à l'appartement.  L'appartement est décoré de façon moderne et équipé dans le but de satisfaire pleinement les locataires (TV, wifi, satellite, draps et linge de maison ainsi que serviettes de bain). PROXIMITE  Magasins, supermarchés, commerces, restaurants, office du tourisme, supermarchés asiat
14664	unique by its location center of Paris 1 min to Tuileries 5 min to Louvre 5 min to Opera / Galeries Lafayette (walking) metro Tuileries (line 1) or Pyramides (line 14) 2 persons bed (queen size)	nice and cosy studio which can accomodate 1 or 2 persons centrally located in Paris 1er 1 min to Tuileries 5 min to Opera / Galeries Lafayette 4th floor, no elevator high speed wifi 1 queen size bed (not the sofa from the picture) unique by its location center of Paris 1 min to Tuileries 5 min to Louvre 5 min to Opera / Galeries Lafayette (walking) metro Tuileries (line 1) or Pyramides (line 14) 2 persons bed (queen size) very quiet street, 50 meters away to Rue Saint Honoré and Colette shop metro Line 1 - Tuileries stop metro Line 14 - Pyramides stop
14665	Bonjour! We hope you will consider spending Christmas in our Parisian apartment! Luxurious Haussmanian apartment, 5th floor (elevator) with sweeping balcony servicing every room, located in the 1st arrondissement, less than 5 minutes walk to the Louvre, Saint Honore and metro Palais Royal. Amazing view from balcony, especially on the Pompidou Museum. The 120 square meter (1,290 square feet) apartment has two bedrooms (laid out at opposite ends of the apartment), living room, dining room, a large bathroom (bathtub and shower), equipped kitchen and separate toilet.  There is a third bedroom with a crib to accomodate a small child. Each room has traditional Haussmanian crown moldings on the ceiling and herringbone parquet floors. We have chosen a mix of modern and vintage furnishings. We are happy to accommodate your requests - please feel free to contact us with any questions, in English or French bien sur!  Closest Metro: Palais Royal Musée du Louvre / Louvre Rivoli (line 1) Closest Bus	Luxurious Haussmanian apartment, 5th floor (elevator) with sweeping balcony servicing every room, located in the 1st arrondissement, less than 5 minutes walk to the Louvre. Very safe neighborhood with nice cafés, restaurants and boutiques. Bonjour! We hope you will consider spending Christmas in our Parisian apartment! Luxurious Haussmanian apartment, 5th floor (elevator) with sweeping balcony servicing every room, located in the 1st arrondissement, less than 5 minutes walk to the Louvre, Saint Honore and metro Palais Royal. Amazing view from balcony, especially on the Pompidou Museum. The 120 square meter (1,290 square feet) apartment has two bedrooms (laid out at opposite ends of the apartment), living room, dining room, a large bathroom (bathtub and shower), equipped kitchen and separate toilet.  There is a third bedroom with a crib to accomodate a small child. Each room has traditional Haussmanian crown moldings on the ceiling and herringbone parquet floors. We have chosen a mix of
14666	STANDING Building of good standing. The apartment rental in Paris looks on an interior courtyard and a calm street. It has a very great height under ceiling and a view on a typically Parisian street which is in the axis of the windows of the apartment. LAYOUT Rent an apartment in Paris of 90 m2 that has been superbly furnished. It is composed of a spacious living area and two bedrooms. The main room features a living area with a comfortable sofabed and a coffee table. The sofabed has a queen size mattress chosen for a daily use. There used to be a futon (as shown on the pictures), but it has been replaced by a proper convertible couch with a queen size mattress 160x200. The dining area has a table that can accommodate up to 6 guests. The kitchen, entirely equipped, is open on the dining area. The first bedroom has a double bed (140 cm) and looks on the courtyard. The second has three single beds, of which two beds can be put side by side to form a double bed. The bathroom, which is ver	This apartment is perfect to rent for one in love with the true Paris as it is in a lively district in the centre of the capital, in the triangle formed by the Louvre, Chatelet and Montorgeuil. STANDING Building of good standing. The apartment rental in Paris looks on an interior courtyard and a calm street. It has a very great height under ceiling and a view on a typically Parisian street which is in the axis of the windows of the apartment. LAYOUT Rent an apartment in Paris of 90 m2 that has been superbly furnished. It is composed of a spacious living area and two bedrooms. The main room features a living area with a comfortable sofabed and a coffee table. The sofabed has a queen size mattress chosen for a daily use. There used to be a futon (as shown on the pictures), but it has been replaced by a proper convertible couch with a queen size mattress 160x200. The dining area has a table that can accommodate up to 6 guests. The kitchen, entirely equipped, is open on the dining area. Th
14667	The Louvre Parisian 2 bedroom apartment is located in an 17th century hotel de particulier is steps from the Louvre, Opera Garnier, Tuileries and the Place Vendome. There are 2 bedrooms one with a queen bed and the second with 2 twin beds. This stylishly decorated 65m2 apartment has a blend of classical antiques and modern necessities. There is a fully equipped kitchen with gas stove, microwave/oven, and all cookware necessary.  You are a five minute walk from the Louvre, Opera Garnier and Place Vendome.  	The Louvre Parisian 2 bedroom apartment is located in an 17th century hotel de particulier is steps from the Louvre, Opera Garnier, Tuileries and the Place Vendome. There are 2 bedrooms one with a queen bed and the second with 2 twin beds. This styli The Louvre Parisian 2 bedroom apartment is located in an 17th century hotel de particulier is steps from the Louvre, Opera Garnier, Tuileries and the Place Vendome. There are 2 bedrooms one with a queen bed and the second with 2 twin beds. This stylishly decorated 65m2 apartment has a blend of classical antiques and modern necessities. There is a fully equipped kitchen with gas stove, microwave/oven, and all cookware necessary.  You are a five minute walk from the Louvre, Opera Garnier and Place Vendome.  The entire apartment. If you run into a problem, feel free to call me. he least populated of the twenty arrondissements in Paris is at the geographical center of Paris, hence the area is crammed with historic sights. The Louvre Museum, Ro
14668	Located in the 1st district, the heart of Paris, and just minutes from the Louvre, this 3rd floor apartment will offer you all the comfort and location you will need for your stay in Paris. Available for up to 4 people. -Full size bed in bedroom -Pull out for 2 people in the living room -Living room has sofa, table and 4 chairs -Kitchen equipped with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, burner, microwave, expresso machine -Bathroom with bath, toilet, faucet, and hair dryer, washing machin. -All sheets will be provided. -Fast internet with tv and 200 chanels.	Located in the 1st district, the heart of Paris, and just minutes from the Louvre, this 3rd floor apartment will offer you all the comfort and location you will need for your stay in Paris. Available for up to 4 people. -Full size bed in bedroom -Pull out for 2 people in the living room -Living room has sofa, table and 4 chairs -Kitchen equipped with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, burner, microwave, expresso machine -Bathroom with bath, toilet, faucet, and hair dryer, washing machin. -All sheets will be provided. -Fast internet with tv and 200 chanels.
14669	This beautiful and charming 73 square meters , 2 Bedroom, apartment is located on Place des deux Ecus in the 1st arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 16th century walk up building and it sleeps 5 people, This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, hairdryer, iron, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi, phone, DVD. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The nearest metro : Louvre-Rivoli or Palais Royal : YES ! You can go on foot to the Louvre, which is 100m. There is no more central and convenient for exploring the city of light. The square there are 2 cafes and all around there are many restaurants, this is a neighborhood branch following moves all the time. You can even eat in restaurants at night because they never close. Street Saint Honoré there are many stores for shopping. You can visit on foot monuments that are close to the apartment as the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Concorde, the Tuilleries, Plac	This beautiful and charming 73 square meters , 2 Bedroom, apartment is located on Place des deux Ecus in the 1st arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 16th century walk up building and it sleeps 5 people, This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, hairdryer, iron, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi, phone, DVD. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The nearest metro : Louvre-Rivoli or Palais Royal : YES ! You can go on foot to the Louvre, which is 100m. There is no more central and convenient for exploring the city of light. The square there are 2 cafes and all around there are many restaurants, this is a neighborhood branch following moves all the time. You can even eat in restaurants at night because they never close. Street Saint Honoré there are many stores for shopping. You can visit on foot monuments that are close to the apartment as the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Concorde, the Tuilleries, Plac
14670	The flat is private and entirely yours , location is incomparable. The whole apartment has luxury furniture and is finished to the highest standards. Everything from the bathroom to the high end kitchen. The apartment is professionally cleaned and beds are made up with clean sheets prior to all arrivals and towels are provided as standard The apartment Facilities Include  *High Speed Wi-Fi Connection  *32-inch Smart HD TV Combining fully smart functionality including an open web browser, allowing you to connect to Internet, Youtube The flat comfortably accommodates up to five guests : *One room equipped with a king size bed (Bultex Mattress 160*200)  *One room with a desk and additional bed (Bultex Mattress 100*190) *optional : Living room can be turned in a bedroom with a 2 persons comfortable Air Mattress 	Located in the most famous street of Paris , Rue Saint Honore, which provides exceptional access to Louvre Museum, shopping, dinner and entertainment destinations, this apartment have been designed by an architect to offer chic accommodations The flat is private and entirely yours , location is incomparable. The whole apartment has luxury furniture and is finished to the highest standards. Everything from the bathroom to the high end kitchen. The apartment is professionally cleaned and beds are made up with clean sheets prior to all arrivals and towels are provided as standard The apartment Facilities Include  *High Speed Wi-Fi Connection  *32-inch Smart HD TV Combining fully smart functionality including an open web browser, allowing you to connect to Internet, Youtube The flat comfortably accommodates up to five guests : *One room equipped with a king size bed (Bultex Mattress 160*200)  *One room with a desk and additional bed (Bultex Mattress 100*190) *optional : Living room can be 
14671	Very well located , high ceiling (3.80m) charming & cosy you will immediatly feel like home and you can play music ! 	Very well located , high ceiling (3.80m) charming & cosy you will immediatly feel like home and you can play music ! 
14672	This studette has a fantastic location . you are in downtown.   Every places are around the studette 5 min by walk.  You are at the 5th floor without lift but you get a large window so the studette is very bright.  The flat is brand new as the furnitures , mattress… 	In one of the most beautiful place in the heart of Paris.  Close to Opéra Garnier and Louvre Museum.  You are in the one of the best location in paris. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking.  This studette has a fantastic location . you are in downtown.   Every places are around the studette 5 min by walk.  You are at the 5th floor without lift but you get a large window so the studette is very bright.  The flat is brand new as the furnitures , mattress… Quiet oasis near in a buzzing market street with many great restaurants, bistros, cafes, shops and supermarket. Are provided as well:   - Wireless (Wifi) - Large and comfortable sofa bed - Towels, linens - Fridge, Microwave,  - Shower gel and Shampoo - Coffee and Tea - Hair dryer - Iron -  All you need to cook  - FAN We are always available to help or provide any information. We be reached at any time either through email, text or phone. Getting here is very easy from the two airports by underground.  Th
14673	Lovely charming apartment in the heart of Paris, in a building of the seventeenth century, close to the Louvre and the Opera, luxury boutiques (10 min walk from the rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré), shopping area, many museums (Louvre, Beaubourg, Musée d'Orsay, Marais quarter). Beautiful building overlooking the Place des Victoires, 4th floor, beautiful light, two comfortable bedrooms, large lounge, kitchen, bathroom with bath, separate toilet. In the neighborhood you can do everything on foot, your Montorgueil market street (former Halles district), luxury shopping (Kenzo, Colette, Zadig and Voltaire ....), many local restaurants, some open all night, the theaters (Chatelet, the French comedy), attend a ballet at the Paris Opera. Several metro stations very close (Palais Royal, Bourse, Les Halles). A deposit of 300 euros will be required on the day of your arrival at the apartment and will be refunded upon departure if no problem. No smoking. We will be delighted to welcome you and help 	Lovely charming apartment in the heart of Paris, in a building of the seventeenth century, close to the Louvre and the Opera, luxury boutiques (10 min walk from the rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré), shopping area, many museums (Louvre, Beaubourg, Musée d'Orsay, Marais quarter). Beautiful building overlooking the Place des Victoires, 4th floor, beautiful light, two comfortable bedrooms, large lounge, kitchen, bathroom with bath, separate toilet. In the neighborhood you can do everything on foot, your Montorgueil market street (former Halles district), luxury shopping (Kenzo, Colette, Zadig and Voltaire ....), many local restaurants, some open all night, the theaters (Chatelet, the French comedy), attend a ballet at the Paris Opera. Several metro stations very close (Palais Royal, Bourse, Les Halles). A deposit of 300 euros will be required on the day of your arrival at the apartment and will be refunded upon departure if no problem. No smoking. We will be delighted to welcome you and help 
14674	"This is a small furnished independant room located in the very center of Paris, in the famous ""Montorgueil"" neighbourhood. So tiny but so cosy ! Once downstairs you'll dive right into the heart of the most beautiful city. There's everything you'll need if you want to cook, except for the food of course. There's even a corkscrew :) Despite the size of the studio, there is a shower and toilets. The bed is a convertible couch. All the sheets and towels are provided. It's a very quiet room with a sight on a nice architectural courtyard. The neighbourhood is extremely lively with tons of bars, restaurants, shops, etc. And a patisserie with the best eclair au chocolat in Paris ! It's perfect if you look for a low-budget stay in Paris, you will be independant and perfectly able to come back home at any time of the night considering your central position; or if you wish to spend a few days for shopping, sightseeing, enjoying french gastronomy and then rest in a very calm room. There is no clea"	"This is a small furnished independant room located in the very center of Paris, in the famous ""Montorgueil"" neighbourhood. So tiny but so cosy ! Once downstairs you'll dive right into the heart of the most beautiful city. There's everything you'll need if you want to cook, except for the food of course. There's even a corkscrew :) Despite the size of the studio, there is a shower and toilets. The bed is a convertible couch. All the sheets and towels are provided. It's a very quiet room with a sight on a nice architectural courtyard. The neighbourhood is extremely lively with tons of bars, restaurants, shops, etc. And a patisserie with the best eclair au chocolat in Paris ! It's perfect if you look for a low-budget stay in Paris, you will be independant and perfectly able to come back home at any time of the night considering your central position; or if you wish to spend a few days for shopping, sightseeing, enjoying french gastronomy and then rest in a very calm room. There is no clea"
14675	Welcome in our Paris flat's. You are in the one of the best location in paris. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking  are 5 mn max around the studio. We will tell you our best places to go. Welcome in our Paris flat's. You are in the one of the best location in paris. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking  are 5 mn max around the studio. We will tell you our best places to go. Welcome in our flat in paris this charming studio is for 4 guest. You are in the best location in paris. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking  are 5 mn max around the studio. We will tell you our best places to go. You will find in the district of the street Etienne Marcel many shops to go shopping, food shops, bars, and restaurants. You can visit monuments which are near the apartment as the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Tuilleries, places of the Opera. Brand new, modern and stylish apartment in the heart of Paris in	Welcome in our Paris flat's. You are in the one of the best location in paris. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking  are 5 mn max around the studio. We will tell you our best places to go. Welcome in our Paris flat's. You are in the one of the best location in paris. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking  are 5 mn max around the studio. We will tell you our best places to go. Welcome in our Paris flat's. You are in the one of the best location in paris. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking  are 5 mn max around the studio. We will tell you our best places to go. Welcome in our flat in paris this charming studio is for 4 guest. You are in the best location in paris. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, Drinking  are 5 mn max around the studio. We will tell you our best places to go. You will find in the district of the street Etienne Marcel many shops to go shopping, 
14676	Détails des pièces + équipements: Salon + Cuisine 1 pièce principale aménagée en séjour et salle à manger comprenant : 1 petit canapé, 1 étagère, une table basse 1 téléviseur couleur LCD + Meuble TV 1 table et chaises pour les repas de 4 personnes 1 Cuisine équipée avec réfrigérateur, évier, four + plaques de cuisson, four à micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, et accessoires de cuisine. Vaisselle et matériel de cuisson pour  4 Personnes. 1 grille pain électrique. 1 bouilloire électrique 1 salle d'eau avec douche, 1 lavabo et 1 Wc + une machine à laver 1 chambre avec un lit 140 cm + Un meuble de rangement.  1 Mezzanine ouverte avec un lit en 140 cm + un chevet + un coffre de rangement Petit matériel et autres: fer à repasser et table de repassage à poser, connexion internet wifi, téléphone fixe, séchoir... Draps et serviettes fournis A disposition : 4 oreillers, 2 couettes. Chauffage, eau, électricité et internet sont inclus dans le prix. 	A louer au coeur de Paris (proche Louvre, Palais Royal, Pont de Arts, Quartier Montorgueil...) appartement de charme au calme de 37 m2 (2 pièces - grande hauteur sous plafond, poutres apparentes, tomettes, cheminée...)  Proximité métro, RER, bus. Détails des pièces + équipements: Salon + Cuisine 1 pièce principale aménagée en séjour et salle à manger comprenant : 1 petit canapé, 1 étagère, une table basse 1 téléviseur couleur LCD + Meuble TV 1 table et chaises pour les repas de 4 personnes 1 Cuisine équipée avec réfrigérateur, évier, four + plaques de cuisson, four à micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, et accessoires de cuisine. Vaisselle et matériel de cuisson pour  4 Personnes. 1 grille pain électrique. 1 bouilloire électrique 1 salle d'eau avec douche, 1 lavabo et 1 Wc + une machine à laver 1 chambre avec un lit 140 cm + Un meuble de rangement.  1 Mezzanine ouverte avec un lit en 140 cm + un chevet + un coffre de rangement Petit matériel et autres: fer à repasser et table de repassage à po
14677		"This charming and delightful 32 square meters , 1 Bedroom apartment is located in the 1st arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor, with elevator, of a 19th century building and it sleeps 2/4 people. Palais Royal is a historic district in the heart of Paris. A few hundred yards from Opéra, the Palais-Royal district is packed with history. If you are looking for a bit of charm a stone's throw from an area bustling with life, look no further than seasonal rentals in this old quarter of Paris. Palais-Royal district is bordered to the west by Rue Sainte-Anne, to the east by Rue du Louvre, to the north by Rue du Quatre-Septembre, and to the south by Rue de Rivoli. In this district, which is lively by day and more subdued at night, narrow shopping streets sit alongside old passageways and a wonderful garden on the edge of which the murmurs of the city simply fade away. A bit of history for you: the former ""Palais Cardinal"" was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu. It became the Palais Royal w"
14678	Brand new studio with kitchenette, bathroom in the center of Paris: you can walk to almost everything.  2 people maximum. Checkin after 1pm Checkout until 11am. Between dec 15th and jan 5th 2015, 2 weeks booking minimum. Bitcoins payments accepted.	This one bedroom apartment is in the center of Paris near the Louvre and Palais Royal. It has all the comfort you can expect : sofa/bed, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, internet and TV. 5th floor WITHOUT elevator. Brand new studio with kitchenette, bathroom in the center of Paris: you can walk to almost everything.  2 people maximum. Checkin after 1pm Checkout until 11am. Between dec 15th and jan 5th 2015, 2 weeks booking minimum. Bitcoins payments accepted. Access to the entire apartment (it is small) kitchen, main room and bathroom. Forbidden to noisy travelers. I work and live near the housing. We can text or exchange emails. Metro Pyramides or Palais Royal. Between dec 15th 2014 and jan 5th 2015, 2 weeks reservation minimum.
14679	Laissez vous séduire par ce ravissant studio tout confort,  idéalement situé à moins de 500 mètres du Louvre, à proximité de l'Opéra Garnier et des grands magasins.. Ravissant appartement situé un immeuble classé monument historique, avec grand cachet: poutres et pierres apparentes. Profitez de tous les conforts nécessaires au bon déroulement de votre séjour:  - Machine à laver séchante - Four  - Cafetière & bouilloire  - Réfrigérateur & congélateur  Situé au coeur du quartier du Palais-Royal. Découvrez  des monuments d'exception faisant la renommée de Paris : le Louvre, la place des Pyramides, le Palais Royal, la fontaine Molière, le musée des Arts Décoratifs, la Comédie française... A seulement 10 minutes à pied de la Place-Vendôme considérée comme l'une des plus luxueuses du monde. Une grande partie des façades y est classée « monument historique ». On y trouve de nombreuses boutiques de luxe, principalement des bijoutiers-joailliers réputés. Metro: - Palais Royal - Musée du Louvre 	Laissez vous séduire par ce ravissant studio tout confort,  idéalement situé à moins de 500 mètres du Louvre, à proximité de l'Opéra Garnier et des grands magasins.. Laissez vous séduire par ce ravissant studio tout confort,  idéalement situé à moins de 500 mètres du Louvre, à proximité de l'Opéra Garnier et des grands magasins.. Ravissant appartement situé un immeuble classé monument historique, avec grand cachet: poutres et pierres apparentes. Profitez de tous les conforts nécessaires au bon déroulement de votre séjour:  - Machine à laver séchante - Four  - Cafetière & bouilloire  - Réfrigérateur & congélateur  Situé au coeur du quartier du Palais-Royal. Découvrez  des monuments d'exception faisant la renommée de Paris : le Louvre, la place des Pyramides, le Palais Royal, la fontaine Molière, le musée des Arts Décoratifs, la Comédie française... A seulement 10 minutes à pied de la Place-Vendôme considérée comme l'une des plus luxueuses du monde. Une grande partie des façades y est cl
14680	This cosy one bedroom apartment is located next to the famous Louvre Museum, and Les Halles, on rue Saint Honoré, in the 1st arrondissement. Situated on the 2d floor without an elevator, it was recently fully renovated with an elegant decoration. It is charming with its wooden floor, wooden beams, and lovely view on the rue Saint Honoré. Great location!  This apartment of about 35 sq meters (or 377 sq ft) with a refined decoration features a cosy and charming living room with a convertible sofa wooden dining table, chairs for four, wooden beams, and wooden floor. The convertible sofa opens into a double bed (140x190 centimeters), that is comfortable with its real mattress. Enjoy the view on the lovely rue Saint Honore, and les Halles.  The open-plan kitchen is equipped with electric stove, microwave, washing-machine, dishwasher, and fridge. It is very practical with everything you need (coffee maker, toaster, induction cooktops).  The separate small bedroom features a double bed (140x1	Charming one bedroom apartment located Rue Saint Honoré, next to the Louvre Museum, in the 1st arrondissement. 2nd floor without an elevator. Just renovated with a beautiful decoration. Perfect for romantic stay! This cosy one bedroom apartment is located next to the famous Louvre Museum, and Les Halles, on rue Saint Honoré, in the 1st arrondissement. Situated on the 2d floor without an elevator, it was recently fully renovated with an elegant decoration. It is charming with its wooden floor, wooden beams, and lovely view on the rue Saint Honoré. Great location!  This apartment of about 35 sq meters (or 377 sq ft) with a refined decoration features a cosy and charming living room with a convertible sofa wooden dining table, chairs for four, wooden beams, and wooden floor. The convertible sofa opens into a double bed (140x190 centimeters), that is comfortable with its real mattress. Enjoy the view on the lovely rue Saint Honore, and les Halles.  The open-plan kitchen is equipped with el
14681	The minute you walk into this gorgeous two-level apartment, you will not believe your eyes.  Immense and spacious with high ceilings, you will feel spoiled and luxurious in this 300 square meter beauty.  You really must pinch yourself to believe it is real, especially in Paris, the city famous for tiny apartments.  This apartment was recently professionally designed and remodeled, and has been photographed by several well-known art and lifestyle magazines, and has been the backdrop for many photo shoots. Upon entering, you find yourself in a cute entryway, which leads into the gorgeous, fully-equipped kitchen and dining room.  The kitchen features all appliances that you (or your private chef!) will need to prepare a gourmet meal.  All dishes, cutlery, utensils, pots and pans, etc. are provided.  There is also a small pantry off of the kitchen for extra storage.  The dining room table has seating for 6, and the counter in the kitchen has two bar stools. Leaving the kitchen, there is a 	The minute you walk into this gorgeous two-level apartment, you will not believe your eyes.  Immense and spacious with high ceilings, you will feel spoiled and luxurious in this 300 square meter beauty.  You really must pinch yourself to believe it is real, especially in Paris, the city famous for tiny apartments.  This apartment was recently professionally designed and remodeled, and has been photographed by several well-known art and lifestyle magazines, and has been the backdrop for many photo shoots. Upon entering, you find yourself in a cute entryway, which leads into the gorgeous, fully-equipped kitchen and dining room.  The kitchen features all appliances that you (or your private chef!) will need to prepare a gourmet meal.  All dishes, cutlery, utensils, pots and pans, etc. are provided.  There is also a small pantry off of the kitchen for extra storage.  The dining room table has seating for 6, and the counter in the kitchen has two bar stools. Leaving the kitchen, there is a 
14682	Our flat is lovely. It's bright and sunny, it's just been renovated with the help of talented Parisian interior designers, it has two spacious bedrooms and bathrooms equipped with king-beds and AC, it has Wifi on a super speedy cable optic fiber line, and it has an exceptionally large kitchen for Parisian standards.  In a fun twist, the flat was featured in US VOGUE In April, 2014.	Housed in a 18th c building overlooking rue du Louvre and in the very center of Paris, this newly renovated 2BD / 2BA apartment is bright, chic, and fabulous. Our flat is lovely. It's bright and sunny, it's just been renovated with the help of talented Parisian interior designers, it has two spacious bedrooms and bathrooms equipped with king-beds and AC, it has Wifi on a super speedy cable optic fiber line, and it has an exceptionally large kitchen for Parisian standards.  In a fun twist, the flat was featured in US VOGUE In April, 2014. Wifi on a fiber optic line New iMac with an American keyboard TV / DVD player Fully stocked kitchen Seimens washing machine & dryer We will arrange for our wonderful greeter Laurence Martin du Pont to welcome you to the apartment - and that she both give you the keys and show you how to use everything, including the appliances, the washer/dryer, the computer, the wireless, etc.  Her written English is not perfect, but she's otherwise fluent. Located in
14683	A superb and large (40 sf) one-bedroom apartment ideally located in the heart or Paris just down the street from the Louvre, the Pont Neuf and the Ile de la Cité  and the Marais. The adjacent rue Saint Honore is beaming with cafes, restaurants, bakery, wine merchant....Located on the 4th floor, WITHOUT A LIFT, it has 5 large windows facing the street which allows plenty of sunshine to enter. Outside metal blinds allow you darken the apartment and inside blinds for more intimacy. The bedroom has a double bed with a great mattress and the lounge has a double sofa bed, with a comfortable mattress. This charming apartment blends the elegance of Haussmanian architecture with contemporary design. Designed by an architect its equipped equally well for families or traveling companions. Large fully equipped kitchen, seats 4, open to the lounge, very airy. Next to the Châtelet  Les Halles metro station, its a direct line from either of the two major airports and for those with children, ther	A superb and large (40 sf) one-bedroom apartment ideally located in the heart or Paris just down the street from the Louvre, the Pont Neuf and the Ile de la Cité  and the Marais. The adjacent rue Saint Honore is beaming with cafes, restaurants, bakery, wine merchant....Located on the 4th floor, WITHOUT A LIFT, it has 5 large windows facing the street which allows plenty of sunshine to enter. Outside metal blinds allow you darken the apartment and inside blinds for more intimacy. The bedroom has a double bed with a great mattress and the lounge has a double sofa bed, with a comfortable mattress. This charming apartment blends the elegance of Haussmanian architecture with contemporary design. Designed by an architect its equipped equally well for families or traveling companions. Large fully equipped kitchen, seats 4, open to the lounge, very airy. Next to the Châtelet  Les Halles metro station, its a direct line from either of the two major airports and for those with children, ther
14684	This charming apartment for four people is situated in the heart of Paris, just minutes from the Opera, opposite the Marché Saint Honoré, 2 minutes from Place Vendome, the boutique Colette, Palais Royal, the Tuileries Garden and the Louvre Museum. It is on the 4th floor of a beautiful old building and has a double exposure with an exceptional view of the sunset on the Marché Saint Honoré. This apartment is very bright thanks to the numerous windows. The room is big and very nice, with a space where you can enjoy the piano or strolling at the sight, office space and of course the bed. The lounge is comfortable, with a sofa bed quality, very easy to fold and unfold, a coffee table and a dining table. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub, hairdryer and a vanity unit and toilet are separated. The input consists of a cozy bistro area overlooking the kitchen is equipped with everything needed to prepare meals. This apartment is ideal for a romantic and comfortable in the center of Paris a	This charming apartment for four people is situated in the heart of Paris, just minutes from the Opera, opposite the Marché Saint Honoré, 2 minutes from Place Vendome, the boutique Colette, Palais Royal, the Tuileries Garden and the Louvre Museum. It is on the 4th floor of a beautiful old building and has a double exposure with an exceptional view of the sunset on the Marché Saint Honoré. This apartment is very bright thanks to the numerous windows. The room is big and very nice, with a space where you can enjoy the piano or strolling at the sight, office space and of course the bed. The lounge is comfortable, with a sofa bed quality, very easy to fold and unfold, a coffee table and a dining table. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub, hairdryer and a vanity unit and toilet are separated. The input consists of a cozy bistro area overlooking the kitchen is equipped with everything needed to prepare meals. This apartment is ideal for a romantic and comfortable in the center of Paris a
14685	Cosy and quiet apartment superbly located in the very center of Paris, near the Louvre and Tuileries Gardens	"Charming apartment  located in the very center of Paris, rue Saint Honoré, a very nice address. Situated on the 6th floor of a beautiful stone building, it is suitable for those who search quiet and comfort on a reasonable budget. For 1-4 persons. Cosy and quiet apartment superbly located in the very center of Paris, near the Louvre and Tuileries Gardens Private apartment with a bedroom, living space, fully equipped opened kitchen and large bathroom Will meet the guests at check in Ideally located in the very center of Paris, located within walking distance, to many major places of interest such as the Louvre, Tuileries gardens, Place de la Concorde, Place Vendôme, Palais Royal and Musée d'Orsay. It is also very handy for your daily shopping ""the Parisian way"" i.e. without the need of a car. You will find nearby 4 supermarkets, a grocery store, an excellent bakery, a butcher, a fish shop, a drugstore, a wine & spirit store, a chocolate store and naturally, plenty restaurants as well. 3"
14686	The apartment is a romantic studio on the 2nd floor of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of the Montorgueil-quarter. The cosy ambiance is due to tasteful decoration combining historic and modern styles with wooden beams and parquet floor. A big window giving out on the street lets in lots of light. Thanks to its double-glazed noise-isolation, one can enjoy the ambiance on the street when the window is open and will still not hear a sound when it is closed. The studio is equipped with a bathroom, a real bed, a wardrobe, dresser and a fully fitted kitchen with a dishwasher, a combined oven/microwave, a fridge/freezer, a washer dryer machine and everything you will need for cooking. You will also find the hair dryer, the ventilator, the high speed wireless and cable internet, the TV with 150 films provided and a phone with land lines and mobiles calls free to the USA, Canada and France. The land lines calls to some of others countries are also free. A weekly cleaning 	This apartment located on a quite calm street, in the center of Paris, is ideal to explore Paris by foot. The apartment is a romantic studio on the 2nd floor of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of the Montorgueil-quarter. The cosy ambiance is due to tasteful decoration combining historic and modern styles with wooden beams and parquet floor. A big window giving out on the street lets in lots of light. Thanks to its double-glazed noise-isolation, one can enjoy the ambiance on the street when the window is open and will still not hear a sound when it is closed. The studio is equipped with a bathroom, a real bed, a wardrobe, dresser and a fully fitted kitchen with a dishwasher, a combined oven/microwave, a fridge/freezer, a washer dryer machine and everything you will need for cooking. You will also find the hair dryer, the ventilator, the high speed wireless and cable internet, the TV with 150 films provided and a phone with land lines and mobiles calls free to the 
14687	This charming studio is pleasantly arranged and offers all the necessary comfort for two people. It is very bright and perfectly equipped. Located near the Louvre, you will be close to the most beautiful places of Paris. The apartment is located on the 5th floor of an 18th century building with no elevator. It has views over the roofs of Paris. Facing south and overlooking a peaceful courtyard, this studio is perfect for a student. It is furnished with a 140 cm sofa bed for 2 people, a dining table for 2 as well, a flat screen TV and integrated drawers. The kitchenette is equipped with hot plates, a fridge and a microwave. Under the slope, a mezzanine was fitted out with bedding for 1 person. The bathroom has a shower tub and WC. Louvre – Palais Royal neighborhood shelters one of the most famous museum in the world, but it is also an excellent place to stroll through its beautiful gardens and its boutiques situated under the archways. This is without a doubt the posh side of Paris wher	This charming studio is pleasantly arranged and offers all the necessary comfort for two people. It is very bright and perfectly equipped. Located near the Louvre, you will be close to the most beautiful places of Paris. The apartment is located on the 5th floor of an 18th century building with no elevator. It has views over the roofs of Paris. Facing south and overlooking a peaceful courtyard, this studio is perfect for a student. It is furnished with a 140 cm sofa bed for 2 people, a dining table for 2 as well, a flat screen TV and integrated drawers. The kitchenette is equipped with hot plates, a fridge and a microwave. Under the slope, a mezzanine was fitted out with bedding for 1 person. The bathroom has a shower tub and WC. Louvre – Palais Royal neighborhood shelters one of the most famous museum in the world, but it is also an excellent place to stroll through its beautiful gardens and its boutiques situated under the archways. This is without a doubt the posh side of Paris wher
14688	"The appartment is calm, sunny and view on a courtyard. Located on the 3rd floor of an old building. Parquet, refurbished, bathroom ""à l'italienne""."	"Lovely and sunny appartment in the heart of Paris. 5 minutes walking from le Louvre, 1 minute walking from Les Halles (RER B), a lot of shopping brand around (Sandro, Colette, Maje, Zara). The street is one of the best in Paris. Everything you need! The appartment is calm, sunny and view on a courtyard. Located on the 3rd floor of an old building. Parquet, refurbished, bathroom ""à l'italienne"". Wifi but no parking."
14689	A perfect place to spend a few days in the best conditions in Paris. Comfortable, well equipped, and ... not very expensive !	A perfect place to spend a few days in the best conditions in Paris. Comfortable, well equipped, and ... not very expensive ! You can have all the necessary equipment. With wifi and tv. Near subway Louvre and the subway Palais Royal. I'll be there to welcome you and at your disposal during your stay if needed. You will see that this area of Paris is very warm and alive. You will be close to the Chatelet. Near the banks of the Seine. There are plenty of cafés and friendly restaurants. Bars for the evening and night. Beautiful places for walks ... The studio is 5 minutes walk from the subway Louvre line 1 which crosses Paris from east to west. And the subway Palais Royal line 1 and 7. I will offer you all the information to make your stay as pleasant as possible.
14690		Appartement de charme, sans vis-à-vis ni personne d'autre sur le pallier, très calme et très bien situé dans le quartier le plus central de Paris. Possibilité d'héberger des enfants en + des 4 personnes initiales prévues. Mezzanine en +.
14691		Appartement typique parisien au centre de Paris (chatelet) avec un beau séjour et une grande chambre (20m²). Parquet, belle hauteur sous plafond, donnant sur une rue calme, au pied du métro et des commerces. 
14692		Appartement de 30 m2 situé au 3ème étage d’un immeuble ancien sans ascenseur. 450m du Musée du Louvre, 400m d’Opéra. Composé d’une grande pièce avec une partie chambre avec placards et une partie salon, un coin cuisine traversant et une salle de bain
14693	Very well located in the center of Paris, we are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !!! The flat is in Rue des Halle, near the Museum of Le Louvre. The location is really great because of all the concept stores, the typicall French groceries, the restaurants which are around the appartment. There is also possibilities for the night lifers to enjoy the Parisian life : Marais, Quai de Seine, etc. Of course for the people who want to rest them of their walks and discovers of the city you can enjoy quietly the city on the flat's balcony. One bedroom, a big Living room with a sofa bed, a kitchen (well equipped : oven, microwaves, hob, fridge, freezer), a bathroom (washing machine, ) and toilets. Greatly connected you can reach every part of the city and its suburb (Versailles, Disneyland Paris, airports, train stations) : RER, metros, buses. I will be glad to share with you some informations about the past and the secrets of this area !!!  Sleeping capacity is 4 	Very well located in the center of Paris, we are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !!! The flat is in Rue des Halle, near the Museum of Le Louvre. The location is really great because of all the concept stores, the typicall French groceries, the restaurants which are around the appartment. There is also possibilities for the night lifers to enjoy the Parisian life : Marais, Quai de Seine, etc. Of course for the people who want to rest them of their walks and discovers of the city you can enjoy quietly the city on the flat's balcony. One bedroom, a big Living room with a sofa bed, a kitchen (well equipped : oven, microwaves, hob, fridge, freezer), a bathroom (washing machine, ) and toilets. Greatly connected you can reach every part of the city and its suburb (Versailles, Disneyland Paris, airports, train stations) : RER, metros, buses. I will be glad to share with you some informations about the past and the secrets of this area !!!  Sleeping capacity is 4 
14694	This apartment of 46 ㎡ is on the 6th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:2 semi-double beds(120X190), 1 double sofa bed(140X190).	1 Bedroom + 1 Convertible bed, 1 bath/WC, sleeps up to 4. Beautifully renovated and fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment of 46 m2 in 1er arrondissement, the apartment is located just steps from the famous street Saint Honoré and the Louvre museum. This apartment of 46 ㎡ is on the 6th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:2 semi-double beds(120X190), 1 double sofa bed(140X190). You will have full usage of all the equipments in the apartment during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped as followed: ・Bathroom : Bathtub, Hair dryer, towels(2 sizes big&medium), hand towels, bathroom mat, towel dryer, weight scale and toilet papers. ・Bedroom : 2 semi-double beds with bedding, spare linens&towels, alarm clock, wardrobe with hangers, iron&ironing board, drying rack and safe. ・Living room : Double sofa bed, TV, DVD player, stereo, telephone(unlimited usage in france&s
14695	The apartment is a cosy studio on the 3rd floor of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of Paris. The cosy ambience is due to tasteful decoration combining historic and modern styles with wooden beams and parquet floor. 3 bigs windows giving out on the street lets in lots of light. The street is really calm an you have an exceptional location in the center of Paris without any noise.  The studio is equipped with a bathroom, a wahshing machine, a wardrobe, dresser, towels and sheets are provided, shower gel and shampoo are provided, coffee and tea are also provided.   A fully fitted kitchen with a combined oven/microwave, a fridge/freezer, and everything you will need for cooking. You will also find the high speed wireless and cable internet, the TV…  The studio is new, clean and it's a romantic and perfect accommodation for your vacation in Paris Inquiry me for 2 nights stay.  Subject to availability the prices is 90 Euros per night  Location  The nearest subway stop 	The apartment is a cosy studio on the 3rd floor of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of Paris. The cosy ambience is due to tasteful decoration combining historic and modern styles with wooden beams and parquet floor. 3 bigs windows giving out on the street lets in lots of light. The street is really calm an you have an exceptional location in the center of Paris without any noise.  The studio is equipped with a bathroom, a wahshing machine, a wardrobe, dresser, towels and sheets are provided, shower gel and shampoo are provided, coffee and tea are also provided.   A fully fitted kitchen with a combined oven/microwave, a fridge/freezer, and everything you will need for cooking. You will also find the high speed wireless and cable internet, the TV…  The studio is new, clean and it's a romantic and perfect accommodation for your vacation in Paris Inquiry me for 2 nights stay.  Subject to availability the prices is 90 Euros per night  Location  The nearest subway stop 
14696	"Nice studio of 27m2 in the neighborhood of ""Châtelet"", on the 6th floor (no elevator) of a beautiful building in the center of Paris, renovated and bright, an ideal base for your excursions in the capital. The Seine is 50 meters down the street, the Louvre is really close, Notre Dame is a few minutes away by foot and the subway is thirty meters away... There is also the rue de Rivoli, at the other end of the street, one of the main shopping streets of Paris, and numerous restaurants, diverse and varied in the neighborhood. The studio is inhabited by myself and I :),  a 31-year-old french who speaks french, spanish and english .... 2 places sofa bed in the main room, my bed is on the mezzanine, aside. I share with you the equipped kitchen and the recently renovated bathroom. I'll give you clean towels and bed linen and pillows as well.  You're completely independent, I leave you a set of keys. Internet, TV, films and collections of art books, white piano, everything you need for a succe"	"Nice studio of 27m2 in the neighborhood of ""Châtelet"", on the 6th floor (no elevator) of a beautiful building in the center of Paris, renovated and bright, an ideal base for your excursions in the capital. The Seine is 50 meters down the street, the Louvre is really close, Notre Dame is a few minutes away by foot and the subway is thirty meters away... There is also the rue de Rivoli, at the other end of the street, one of the main shopping streets of Paris, and numerous restaurants, diverse and varied in the neighborhood. The studio is inhabited by myself and I :),  a 31-year-old french who speaks french, spanish and english .... 2 places sofa bed in the main room, my bed is on the mezzanine, aside. I share with you the equipped kitchen and the recently renovated bathroom. I'll give you clean towels and bed linen and pillows as well.  You're completely independent, I leave you a set of keys. Internet, TV, films and collections of art books, white piano, everything you need for a succe"
14697	Ideally located at the heart of Paris between Châtelet les Halles, Hotel de Ville and Beaubourg. The inside is a mix of Feng Shui and Modern Art, the apartment is very luminous and has very high ceilings.  3 minutes from trendy Le Marais and 10 minutes from the Notre-Dame, you will find a large variety of restaurants, bars, bistrots, shops and art galleries.	Spacious apartment (TO SHARE WITH US) completely remodeled by an architect. Conveniently located next to Centre Pompidou and trendy Le Marais. Pedestrian street with plenty of restaurants, bars and shops. 25% of your booking will go to charity! Ideally located at the heart of Paris between Châtelet les Halles, Hotel de Ville and Beaubourg. The inside is a mix of Feng Shui and Modern Art, the apartment is very luminous and has very high ceilings.  3 minutes from trendy Le Marais and 10 minutes from the Notre-Dame, you will find a large variety of restaurants, bars, bistrots, shops and art galleries. The whole apartment will be available (living room, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom), except our bedroom. We will be delighted to help our guests make their trip unforgettable. The bars, variety of restaurants, the warm atmosphere, the art galleries and exhibit, the parks, cinemas, fitness, shops and food stores. Métro Chatelet les Halles (line (phone number hidden)) RER Les Halles (
14698	LOVELY APARTMENT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS. ----- Please if you are interested, read this entire description. ----- Very quiet, and located in the heart of Paris typical. 10 minutes walk from the Louvre, the Opera, Notre Dame and other monuments, but also so popular areas for restaurants and bars... You will love it ! Perfect for couple. 1 bedroom, and 1 living room. 377 sq.ft. There is everything in 2 minutes walking : 4 lines of metro (go everywhere in Paris in 20 minutes maximum), supermarkets, Bio supermarket, little shops for fruits and vegetables, one of the best (really...) parisian baguette, etc... Apartment on the 4th floor without elevator, in a pretty flowered courtyard. Comfortable and fully equipped : - 1 living room : sofa bed (sleeping possibility for one more couple), LCD TV, WIFI internet, mini-HIFI, adjustable table (4 to 8 sits), printer with scanner - 1 bedroom : bed with premium mattress, large storage with wardrobe - 1 kitchen : microwave and traditional oven, refrig	Charming, comfortable, quiet, and located in the heart of Paris typical. 10 minutes walk from the Louvre, the Opera, and other monuments, but also so popular areas for restaurants and bars ... You will love it ! LOVELY APARTMENT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS. ----- Please if you are interested, read this entire description. ----- Very quiet, and located in the heart of Paris typical. 10 minutes walk from the Louvre, the Opera, Notre Dame and other monuments, but also so popular areas for restaurants and bars... You will love it ! Perfect for couple. 1 bedroom, and 1 living room. 377 sq.ft. There is everything in 2 minutes walking : 4 lines of metro (go everywhere in Paris in 20 minutes maximum), supermarkets, Bio supermarket, little shops for fruits and vegetables, one of the best (really...) parisian baguette, etc... Apartment on the 4th floor without elevator, in a pretty flowered courtyard. Comfortable and fully equipped : - 1 living room : sofa bed (sleeping possibility for one more coupl
14699	The studio is 15sqm (so about the size of an average hotel room) with a mezzanine accessed by a staircase. It has a light, airy, open feel partly due to the high ceilings and partly the manner in which it has been furnished. Overlooking a calm courtyard area, helps to reduce street and traffic noise. It is ideally suited for a single traveller or a couple.	Our cool and chic studio is centrally located within a car free zone surrounded by shops, buzzing bars and restaurants that cater for every taste. Newly refurbished to high spec., choice of sleeping areas, fully equipped & all tech'ed out good to go. The studio is 15sqm (so about the size of an average hotel room) with a mezzanine accessed by a staircase. It has a light, airy, open feel partly due to the high ceilings and partly the manner in which it has been furnished. Overlooking a calm courtyard area, helps to reduce street and traffic noise. It is ideally suited for a single traveller or a couple. The studio is self contained so you have exclusive access to everything inside which is provided for.Towels and linen are provided for as well as tea and coffee making facilities. The telephone can be used for local calls for free and international calls by prior arrangement. The building has numerous flats and other studios and is quite cosmopolitan. The entrance corridor and staircase 
