13500	We have one big  comfortable bed in the room (160cm wide), and one sofa bed (120cm) in the living room for 1 adult or 2 children.	"Welcome in our home ! Located near the Gare de Lyon station, it is the perfect place to stay to visit Paris by metro or by bike. The flat is in a really quiet neighborhood on the groundfloor on a courtyard. We have one big  comfortable bed in the room (160cm wide), and one sofa bed (120cm) in the living room for 1 adult or 2 children. You will have access to the whole flat. As this is our home and not a secondary appartment rental, we will be on holiday during your time in Paris : if our destination allows it, we will be available by phone should you have any question. Near the nice Aligre market, close to gare de Lyon and not far from Bastille & Notre Dame de Paris. 2 minutes walk from the Velib (Public Bike Rental) 5 minutes walk from the big station of Gare de Lyon (with the ""Metro 1 ""which serves many tourist sites: Louvre, Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe,...) 6 minutes walk from the station Reuilly Diderot 1 minutes walk from car rental (ADA & Europcar)"
13501	Situé au 2éme  étage dans une rue calme, ce charmant appartement est composé d'un salon avec un canapé convertible en lit deux places, une chambre séparée avec un lit deux places, une cuisine équipée et une salle de bain. Chaque pièce est desservi par le couloir.   L'appartement est propre et comprend tout l'équipement électro ménager nécessaire, ordinateur (+ wifi gratuit), TV, four, frigo, congélateur, grille pain, fer à repasser et machine à laver. Nous louons l'appartement entier.  Our charming flat is located on the 2nd floor, in a quiet street. You will find a living room with a convertible couch for two, a separated bedroom with a double bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. Each room is deserved by a corridor. Our flat includes : a computer (and free Wifi), TV, an oven, a fridge, a freezer, a micro wawe a iron and a washing machine.  We are renting the whole place. 	L'appartement est situé à bastille, dans une rue calme, prés du port de l'Arsenal et à quelques centaines de mètres de la place des Vosges. Charming apartment, located at Bastille near l'Arsenal port and at some center meters of place des Vosges.    Situé au 2éme  étage dans une rue calme, ce charmant appartement est composé d'un salon avec un canapé convertible en lit deux places, une chambre séparée avec un lit deux places, une cuisine équipée et une salle de bain. Chaque pièce est desservi par le couloir.   L'appartement est propre et comprend tout l'équipement électro ménager nécessaire, ordinateur (+ wifi gratuit), TV, four, frigo, congélateur, grille pain, fer à repasser et machine à laver. Nous louons l'appartement entier.  Our charming flat is located on the 2nd floor, in a quiet street. You will find a living room with a convertible couch for two, a separated bedroom with a double bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. Each room is deserved by a corridor. Our flat inclu
13502	ATTENTION : Only the living room will be for rent, the whole apartment is no longer available. A near Bercy, Gare de Lyon and Bastille, quiet and surrounded by many shops (market) area and a park (planted promenade where you can take a stroll to Bastille and enjoy the best views in the neighborhood). Access in the city center in 15 minutes by Metro.  This well appointed apartment of 37m2 has everything a great: the living room with a plasma TV, blu-ray player, high speed internet with wifi, velvet sofa bed for 2 and bedroom with a double bed, a window overlooking the courtyard and a dressing room with private telephone and unlimited throughout France and the USA (landlines and mobiles) and a laptop (French SIM for calls in France) and is provided free on request (with deposit) - separate and fully equipped kitchen (fridge , large oven, microwave, washing machine) - bathroom with sink, toilet and large shower. All very bright 5th floor with special ascenseur.Tarif upon request for stude	Bright apartment on the 5th floor (elevator) in a quiet part of Paris, close to parks, shops, promenades. Ideal for a couple. ATTENTION : only the living room is for rent, the whole apartment is no longer available. ATTENTION : Only the living room will be for rent, the whole apartment is no longer available. A near Bercy, Gare de Lyon and Bastille, quiet and surrounded by many shops (market) area and a park (planted promenade where you can take a stroll to Bastille and enjoy the best views in the neighborhood). Access in the city center in 15 minutes by Metro.  This well appointed apartment of 37m2 has everything a great: the living room with a plasma TV, blu-ray player, high speed internet with wifi, velvet sofa bed for 2 and bedroom with a double bed, a window overlooking the courtyard and a dressing room with private telephone and unlimited throughout France and the USA (landlines and mobiles) and a laptop (French SIM for calls in France) and is provided free on request (with depos
13503	My flat is very calm, modern and made for lovers who want discover Paris. The decoration is recent and modern made by my girlfriend and myself. Its near from all amenities !	My apartment of 27m² is recent and very clean. We spend 3 month to renovate it fully. Its well equiped for a pleasant stay !  Its confortable and very livable for a couple with a cool decoration. The apartment is near from all amenities My flat is very calm, modern and made for lovers who want discover Paris. The decoration is recent and modern made by my girlfriend and myself. Its near from all amenities ! Well, all the flat is accessible If you need something, my friends or me can help you There is a lot of merchants (fishmonger, butcher, cheesemonger), two hypermarkets, restaurants and terrace for lunch or drink Subway Ligne 8 & 6 & 14 Bus 87
13504	Beau 3 pièces, très  lumineux avec parquet et cheminées. L'appartement est situé au deuxième étage dans un immeuble calme et sécurisé par des digicodes.  Au coeur de Paris, à dix minutes à pied du Marais, à  deux  pas de la place de la bastille, du port de l'Arsenal, entre le marché d'Aligre et la coulée verte et face à la petite église Saint Antoine.  Deux chambres : une chambre avec lit double, excellente literie (160X200) et une chambre d'enfant avec un lit simple et une mezzanine enfant Possibilité couchage  supplémentaire dans le salon sur canapé lit (120X200).  Tout le confort moderne, avec wi-fi,cuisine équipée, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, salle de bain avec baignoire et wc séparés. Trés bien desservi par les transports: Metro Ledru Rollin ligne 8 ; Bastille lignes1,5,8 ; Garde de Lyon RER A, RER D et  ligne 14.  Le quartier est très Le quartier est vivant, il y a de nombreux commerces ,un petit supermarché juste au bas de l'immeuble. Vous trouverez une pharmacie, un Tabac ainsi	Beau 3 pièces, très  lumineux avec parquet et cheminées. L'appartement est situé au deuxième étage dans un immeuble calme et sécurisé par des digicodes.  Au coeur de Paris, à dix minutes à pied du Marais, à  deux  pas de la place de la bastille, du port de l'Arsenal, entre le marché d'Aligre et la coulée verte et face à la petite église Saint Antoine.  Deux chambres : une chambre avec lit double, excellente literie (160X200) et une chambre d'enfant avec un lit simple et une mezzanine enfant Possibilité couchage  supplémentaire dans le salon sur canapé lit (120X200).  Tout le confort moderne, avec wi-fi,cuisine équipée, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, salle de bain avec baignoire et wc séparés. Trés bien desservi par les transports: Metro Ledru Rollin ligne 8 ; Bastille lignes1,5,8 ; Garde de Lyon RER A, RER D et  ligne 14.  Le quartier est très Le quartier est vivant, il y a de nombreux commerces ,un petit supermarché juste au bas de l'immeuble. Vous trouverez une pharmacie, un Tabac ainsi
13505	Appartement de charme, joliment meublé, tout équipé, très lumineux au coeur d'un quartier dynamique et commerçant.  Très calme, l'appartement donne sur une impasse et une cour intérieure. Il dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires (machine à café Nespresso, micro-ondes, produits de base ( thé, capsules Nespresso, pâtes, riz, sucre, huile, vinaigre, épices etc.), écran plat, internet sans fil, radio, livres, lave-linge, lessive, shampoing, gel douche. 	Appartement de charme, joliment meublé, tout équipé, très lumineux au coeur d'un quartier dynamique et commerçant.  Très calme, l'appartement donne sur une impasse et une cour intérieure. Il dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires (machine à café Nespresso, micro-ondes, produits de base ( thé, capsules Nespresso, pâtes, riz, sucre, huile, vinaigre, épices etc.), écran plat, internet sans fil, radio, livres, lave-linge, lessive, shampoing, gel douche. L'appartement est desservi par la ligne 6 du métro (arrêt Picpus), et se situe à 500m de la place de Nation et de tous ses métros (lignes 1,2,6,9 et RER A). oui Laissez vous charmer par la rue du rendez-vous, qui regorge de petits commerces de qualité (poissonniers, bouchers, primeurs, boulangeries), mais aussi de bons restaurants français.  Vous pourrez également profiter des marchés qui se tiennent sur le cours de Vincennes les mercredi et samedi matin.
13506	On the first floor : large and luminous living room with a small balcony, kitchen, bathroom, separated toilets. Second floor : 3 bedrooms , extra space on top of the stairs, another bathroom and another room for the washing machine. All the rooms are equipped with a double bed (one with no bedspring, one a bit smaller but still comfortable) and some more people can use the couches or an extra mattress. It can thus fit quite comfortably 10 people.	We rent our large and beautiful duplex appartment with view on the place de la Nation in Paris. This is a perfect location for visiting Paris (quite central,
13507	"pacious, typical parisian  apartment  One master bedroom with an adjacent dressing room, equiped with télévision and window overlooking an interior yard  (with trees) and the famous ""coulée verte"" (which is a green area) . Equiped with a 1m60 bed  One bedroom with small office corner , chimney . Equiped with a 1m60 bed One big bathroom with tub, shower and washing machine Separate toilets Modern kitchen (dish washer, coffe machines ...) Living room with big chimney Balcony Quiet area , haussmanian building, entirely redecorated  (2010)  apartment, with high level equipments"	"75m2, full of light with a balcony. High ceiling,  wooden floor ""point de Hongrie"". Ideal for a holiday at the heart of a historical area, lively and, at the same time, quiet. At the heart of Bastille, close to the famous Aligre market pacious, typical parisian  apartment  One master bedroom with an adjacent dressing room, equiped with télévision and window overlooking an interior yard  (with trees) and the famous ""coulée verte"" (which is a green area) . Equiped with a 1m60 bed  One bedroom with small office corner , chimney . Equiped with a 1m60 bed One big bathroom with tub, shower and washing machine Separate toilets Modern kitchen (dish washer, coffe machines ...) Living room with big chimney Balcony Quiet area , haussmanian building, entirely redecorated  (2010)  apartment, with high level equipments 2nd floor with a lift Rent includes keys provided upon arrival  with visit of the apartment  and explanations regarding the various equipments  Owners can be contacted by phone throug"
13508		Appartement tout équipé pour 4 personnes,  situé  à 15 mn de bastille, 8 mn de daumesnil et nation et à 3 mn de la coulée verte qui va jusqu au ois de Vincennes.  RER et métro au bout de la rue. 
13509	Studio de 30 m2,impeccable, accueillant et lumineux. Idéal pour passer un séjour agréable et se déplacer en toute simplicité dans la capitale. Situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur.  Nice and cosy studio, ideal to have a pleasant stay in Paris.	Studio lumineux  et douillet avec un grand lit 2 places, cuisine séparée et équipée. Transports en commun a deux pas ( métro ligne 6 et 8  à 100 mètres et plusieurs bus) pour se déplacer facilement dans tout Paris.  Cosy studio in Paris with easy access to anywhere in the city. Studio de 30 m2,impeccable, accueillant et lumineux. Idéal pour passer un séjour agréable et se déplacer en toute simplicité dans la capitale. Situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur.  Nice and cosy studio, ideal to have a pleasant stay in Paris. Studio équipé avec tv, WiFi, machine à laver, linge de maison. Cuisine entièrement (website hidden),WiFi, washing machine and a  fully equiped kitchen. Les clés vous seront remises le jour de votre arrivée puis reprises lors de votre départ. Je resterai disponible si besoin . I will be there to welcome you and give you the keys. I will be available to you for any question or concerns :) Proche de Bastille et du Marais. Quartier typique parisien, avec ses commerçants et le ma
13510	The apartment is a 3-bedroom apartment, one of which is my studio. You will share the whole apartment with me. Wifi internet (fibre), electricity and gas consumption are all included in the monthly rent!	Enjoy Paris from the heart of the lively 11eme! I am renting a very large, sunny bedroom in a 66m2 typical Parisian apartment, perfectly located to discover the 11eme walking around...but you also have 5 metro lines and Velib in front of the house! The apartment is a 3-bedroom apartment, one of which is my studio. You will share the whole apartment with me. Wifi internet (fibre), electricity and gas consumption are all included in the monthly rent!
13511	Haussmann typical apartment with parquet and fireplace... there are 2 rooms(chambers):  The first room(chamber) is very quiet with a queen size bed , very recent and really comfortable. The 2nd room(chamber) is equipped with a bed 2 people (140 cms) and gives onto street (double glazing). The lounge(show) has a new sofa reads convertible for only 1 person. The bathroom is equipped with a shower cubicle which has just been renovated.  The cooking(kitchen) is equipped:machine to wash programmable, new vitro / ceramic cook(cooker), refrigerator / freezer, Nesspresso Krups, oven microphone / wave.... The apartment is strictly non-smoking, but there is a long balcony with a beautiful view on Paris for the smokers. 	Pleasant apartment 60M2, 3 rooms in 12th close Nation, some wood of Vincennes, in 5 M on foot of the Subway Picpus: 2 rooms(chambers), 1 fully-equipped kitchen, 1 lounge(show) with sofa / bed, 1 SDB, 1 Balcony WIFI, ideal for 4  Haussmann typical apartment with parquet and fireplace... there are 2 rooms(chambers):  The first room(chamber) is very quiet with a queen size bed , very recent and really comfortable. The 2nd room(chamber) is equipped with a bed 2 people (140 cms) and gives onto street (double glazing). The lounge(show) has a new sofa reads convertible for only 1 person. The bathroom is equipped with a shower cubicle which has just been renovated.  The cooking(kitchen) is equipped:machine to wash programmable, new vitro / ceramic cook(cooker), refrigerator / freezer, Nesspresso Krups, oven microphone / wave.... The apartment is strictly non-smoking, but there is a long balcony with a beautiful view on Paris for the smokers.  We supply sheets and hand towels You will have acce
13512	This 80m² loft (860 sq.ft.) is located in a remodeled industrial building. A leafy courtyard provides freshness in the summer and is available for pleasant outdoor meals. The place is very quiet, sunny and conveniently located rue de Citeaux in the heart of the trendy Bastille / Marché d’Aligre area with its many shops and restaurants. Bastille, the Marais, the Seine river at 10’ walking distance. With 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, this apartment is suitable for 4 persons, although it is possible to add one extra single mattress in the living room. 1 spacious living room 42m² (overlooking a courtyard - open kitchen - double exposure - bright and airy in the summer !) 1 master bedroom 15m² (1 double bed 160cm wide) with ceiling fan.  1 bathroom with bathtub and toilet (in the master bedroom).  1 bedroom 9m² (2 bunk beds 90cm wide).  1 bathroom with shower and toilet. Everything needed is available: Hygiene products in the bathrooms, cooking ingredients (olive oil, salt, pepper, tea, coffe	Very roomy and quiet. In the heart of the trendy Bastille / Aligre area. Overlooking a garden and a park, a leafy courtyard provides freshness in the summer and is available for pleasant outdoor meals. This 80m² loft (860 sq.ft.) is located in a remodeled industrial building. A leafy courtyard provides freshness in the summer and is available for pleasant outdoor meals. The place is very quiet, sunny and conveniently located rue de Citeaux in the heart of the trendy Bastille / Marché d’Aligre area with its many shops and restaurants. Bastille, the Marais, the Seine river at 10’ walking distance. With 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, this apartment is suitable for 4 persons, although it is possible to add one extra single mattress in the living room. 1 spacious living room 42m² (overlooking a courtyard - open kitchen - double exposure - bright and airy in the summer !) 1 master bedroom 15m² (1 double bed 160cm wide) with ceiling fan.  1 bathroom with bathtub and toilet (in the master bedroom
13513	Situé entre la Gare de Lyon et la place de la Nation 	Appartement cocooning de deux pièces avec balcon donnant sur un espace vert dans une résidence de standing, au cœur d'un quartier commerçant. Proche transports (RER A - métro lignes 1, 2, 6, 8 et 9).  Place de parking fermée et surveillée en option (payante) Situé entre la Gare de Lyon et la place de la Nation Situé entre les arrêts Reuilly-Diderot (lignes 1 et 8) et Montgallet (ligne 8) et à 5min à pied de la place de la Nation (RER A, métro lignes 1, 2, 6 et 9) Il y a également les lignes de bus 57 et 46 Nous serons là pour vous accueillir et vous laisser les clés de notre appartement. Nous répondons par mail à toutes vos questions ! Un supermarché Monoprix, pharmacie au pied de la résidence. Tous les dimanches matin un marché juste de l'autre côté de la rue avec des producteurs de la région. Plusieurs boulangeries, un boucher, Picard et une biocoop Ligne 1 et 8 au Métro Reuilly-Diderot à deux minutes à pied. Bus 46 et 57 à deux minutes à pied. Le second couchage qui est dans le salo
13514	Very confortable and cosy apartment.  Big and extra confortable bed in the guest room. Fully equipped with washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, oven, glass ceramic cooktop, wifi, etc.	"We welcome you to our lovely 2 BR fully equipped apartment in a nice and quiet neighborhood close to Bastille and Nation. Confortable apartment with all amenities, well served by public transportation. Breakfast with delicious croissants included! Very confortable and cosy apartment.  Big and extra confortable bed in the guest room. Fully equipped with washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, oven, glass ceramic cooktop, wifi, etc. Breakfast will be served for you in the mornings, with fresh bread and delicious french ""viennoiseries"" from the bakery. In a very nice and safe neighbourhood, close to lively areas such as Bastille, Bercy and Nation. Many supermarkets, pharmacies, bakeries, outdoor markets, just down the street. The perfect place to stay for visiting Paris. Very well served by public transportation (metro lines 6 and 8, and several buses). City bikes are also available just 1 min away."
13515	Located on the 1st floor without elevator, this chic apartment offers a sitting room, two bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment is very quiet and bright. - Fully equiped kitchen:  cooker, oven, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, coffee maker, dishwasher, and everything needed to cook and eat. - Sitting room with a large comfortable sofa, two armchairs, a coffee table, TV, a decorative fireplace and a desk. - Bathroom: bathtub with showerhead, washbasin, washer and dryer. The toilets are separated. -  First bedroom with a queen size bed, built-in wall closet, and hard wood floor. The second one has a single sofa bed, a dining table for 4 people, and also hard wood floor.	This typical Parisian flat, decorated with style, is ideally located, close to all public transport means, shops, cafés and restaurants. It is an ideal base to relax after a busy day. From there you can also easily explore the capital. Located on the 1st floor without elevator, this chic apartment offers a sitting room, two bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment is very quiet and bright. - Fully equiped kitchen:  cooker, oven, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, coffee maker, dishwasher, and everything needed to cook and eat. - Sitting room with a large comfortable sofa, two armchairs, a coffee table, TV, a decorative fireplace and a desk. - Bathroom: bathtub with showerhead, washbasin, washer and dryer. The toilets are separated. -  First bedroom with a queen size bed, built-in wall closet, and hard wood floor. The second one has a single sofa bed, a dining table for 4 people, and also hard wood floor. The flat is located in the 12th district, on the 1st floor of a 19th centu
13516	"300m from ""Place de la Nation"" Very quiet and bright accommodation  A lot of shops, bars, restaurants, ""brasseries"", bank, pharmacies and severals services next to the flat (laundry, shops, wine, cheese, bakery, etc) 4 People can sleep inside (2 adults and 2 children) - 1 double bed and 1 litle Sofa reads"	"Sweet studio in Paris 12, 300m from the great ""Place de la Nation"" and 3 Metro stops from Chateau de Vincennes. All the services you may need are around the studio. 300m from ""Place de la Nation"" Very quiet and bright accommodation  A lot of shops, bars, restaurants, ""brasseries"", bank, pharmacies and severals services next to the flat (laundry, shops, wine, cheese, bakery, etc) 4 People can sleep inside (2 adults and 2 children) - 1 double bed and 1 litle Sofa reads Digital code No lift in the building We can meet to give you the keys when you arrive or leave the (email hidden) near to the flat. We won't be here during your stay. I will be available by cell, email or sms during your stay. The ""Place de la Nation"", Pic-pus and Chateau de Vincennes (3 stops) are very cloth. Very parisian neighborhood with a lot of bars, restaurants, shops (wines, cheeses, meat, fruts and fish), ""brasseries"", supermarkets, banks, fitness club and pharmacies. Bus (50 m) Metro L1: porte de Vincennes (300 m"
13517	Dans un immeuble du 19ème siècle typique du faubourg, au premier étage sans ascenseur. Appartement neuf sur rue et cour pour 4 personnes. Prestations de qualité : fenêtres double vitrage, parquet chêne massif, poutres apparentes, douche à l'italienne spacieuse, cuisine moderne ouverte sur le salon tout équipée avec plaques à induction, four multifonctions, cafetière, grille-pain, réfrigérateur et lave vaisselle. Chauffage central électrique. Une chambre sur cour très calme équipée de volets roulants et d'un lit double (140x200). Un espace nuit près du salon avec rideau occultant et 2 lits 1 personne (80x200). 	Appartement typique parisien très bien situé, rénové tout confort : séjour, cuisine, 2 chambres, douche et WC séparés. Dans un quartier animé, avec 5 lignes de métro, 3 bus, stations Velib' et Autolib', les sites touristiques sont à quelques minutes. Dans un immeuble du 19ème siècle typique du faubourg, au premier étage sans ascenseur. Appartement neuf sur rue et cour pour 4 personnes. Prestations de qualité : fenêtres double vitrage, parquet chêne massif, poutres apparentes, douche à l'italienne spacieuse, cuisine moderne ouverte sur le salon tout équipée avec plaques à induction, four multifonctions, cafetière, grille-pain, réfrigérateur et lave vaisselle. Chauffage central électrique. Une chambre sur cour très calme équipée de volets roulants et d'un lit double (140x200). Un espace nuit près du salon avec rideau occultant et 2 lits 1 personne (80x200). L'appartement dans son entier est mis à la disposition des voyageurs, à l'exception d'un dressing renfermant nos affaires personnell
13518	My guest clean the apartment. Check in is after 4 pm and check out is before 11am The apartment is still available even if either it only for a day or a booking at the last moment. However the booking this block only when you confirm. First come first served... I propose the cheapest Duplex apartment for your stay in Paris. It is a considered as a comfortable apartment for 2 person but i accept for 4 person. It has been recently renovated and you will feel at home. It is well equipped there are kitchen ustensils such as cutlery, dishes, bowls, coffer maker, kettle, fridge, micro wave and more... =)	The apartment is atypical since it used to be an old office, the frontage is painted in yellow so you cannot miss it. You will succumb to the charm of this apartment which harmonizes perfectly modern and old style My guest clean all the apartment My guest clean the apartment. Check in is after 4 pm and check out is before 11am The apartment is still available even if either it only for a day or a booking at the last moment. However the booking this block only when you confirm. First come first served... I propose the cheapest Duplex apartment for your stay in Paris. It is a considered as a comfortable apartment for 2 person but i accept for 4 person. It has been recently renovated and you will feel at home. It is well equipped there are kitchen ustensils such as cutlery, dishes, bowls, coffer maker, kettle, fridge, micro wave and more... =) washing machine and tumble dryer available on request ( it's not free paid service ) During your stay you will have a total privacy in the apartmen
13519	Logement lumineux, et douillet avec un voisinage âgé et très calme. Idéal pour un séjour pour une ou deux personnes. 	Nice room with king Size bed. Very good location next to Nation's metro station and commerces. The room is part of a 60m² flat, with an all equiped kitchen, living room, and bathroom with separated toilet.
13520	The flat is fully equipped, making your stay easy and enjoyable. It is located in a quiet area, very close to central Paris.	Cozy apartment with a private room - double bed and a very comfortable couch (sleeping for 1 person). Located 10 min walk from the famous place de la Bastille and the Marais area, with access to major subway lines, you can easily get anywhere in Paris! The flat is fully equipped, making your stay easy and enjoyable. It is located in a quiet area, very close to central Paris.
13521	The apartment has been recently fully refresh.   The leaving room is absolutely huge perfect to invite colleagues and friends for dinner thanks to the extensible table. The metro station affront to the apartment is a must to be quickly connected to all Paris districts. The RER station Nation is near to the apartment perfect to reach every suburbs 	70m^2 apt: 2double bedrooms huge livingroom with sofabed On the Daumesnil place full of bistrot and shops just behind the entree of the most charming walkside side garden in PARIS (The Parking is included in the cleaning price/ No caution requested) The apartment has been recently fully refresh.   The leaving room is absolutely huge perfect to invite colleagues and friends for dinner thanks to the extensible table. The metro station affront to the apartment is a must to be quickly connected to all Paris districts. The RER station Nation is near to the apartment perfect to reach every suburbs Daumesnil place just below the bulding, will propose you several bakeries several typical bar and bistrots, alimentary shops banks and all you needs. a typical open air market in Daumesnil place is open every Tuesday and Friday from 8am to 2pm, between boulevard de Reuilly and rue de Charenton and the Félix Eboué place . From only 7 min metro to the apartment you will be in one of the best night li
13522	The bedroom is very large, lit by three windows.  The flat has a modern decoration with a twist of French flair.	*** SPACIOUS BEDROOM IN A BEAUTIFUL FLAT in building w/ lift .  The bedroom is looking over a courtyard with trees and open sky. Close to the Gare de Lyon and easy access to Bastille, the metro and buses are just at the bottom of the building . The bedroom is very large, lit by three windows.  The flat has a modern decoration with a twist of French flair. The guests have access to a bedroom with ensuite bathroom, the toilets are in the flat  located at the end of the hallway to be shared with the host. The living room and kitchen are private area but if you ask the host might allow you to use the kitchen. I love to help people and want them to feel welcomed. I will be in the flat during the evenings and nights. I would be happy to serve breakfast on weekends and share it with them if they wish. However I respect their privacy. The breakfast can be shared in the kitchen or served in the bedroom. The building is in a typical Frrench neighbourhood, calm, residential. The area has plenty o
13523	ENGLISH / ANGLAIS: Nice cozy 45 m², 484 ft², apartment in super modern and green neighborhood, rare in Paris.  High standing residence! You will have the whole living room to yourself (20m²) shared with another person/couple at most.  It has 2 double beds and foam mattresses, very comfortable!  One person/couple can have the double top bed (140cm = 55 inches).  Another person/couple can have the bottom bed (120cm = 47 inches wide).  A 3rd person can have a 1 person mattress on the floor...  So I can accept different people who are not together.... I also have a bedroom available as I am temporarily away.  It has a very large double bed. Panoramic view in 2 directions on 2 statues of Place de la Nation as wall as Daumesnil Church. Wifi access, TV, laundry machine, fresh towels and sheets, hair drier, iron, shower gels and shampoo, many types of teas and coffee (just ask and I have), sugar, jams,  filtered water ...  and you don't run out of hot water, very important in Paris... Located 	ENGLISH / ANGLAIS: Nice cozy 45 m², 484 ft², apartment in super modern and green neighborhood, rare in Paris.  High standing residence! You will have the whole living room to yourself (20m²) shared with another person/couple at most.  It has 2 double beds and foam mattresses, very comfortable!  One person/couple can have the double top bed (140cm = 55 inches).  Another person/couple can have the bottom bed (120cm = 47 inches wide).  A 3rd person can have a 1 person mattress on the floor...  So I can accept different people who are not together.... I also have a bedroom available as I am temporarily away.  It has a very large double bed. Panoramic view in 2 directions on 2 statues of Place de la Nation as wall as Daumesnil Church. Wifi access, TV, laundry machine, fresh towels and sheets, hair drier, iron, shower gels and shampoo, many types of teas and coffee (just ask and I have), sugar, jams,  filtered water ...  and you don't run out of hot water, very important in Paris... Located 
13524	We love this flat for being both central and quiet, having high ceilings and large volumes in the haussmanian style, and being very bright. The bedroom and the kitchen overlook the planted walk that was built on an ancient viaduct going from Bastille to bois de Vincennes.	Beautiful flat, very pleasant, spacious and central. Many lines of metro, great for easily visiting Paris. Aligre market 2 streets away for grocery shopping at a typical Parisian market. Area full of restaurants and bars for wine and food lovers. We love this flat for being both central and quiet, having high ceilings and large volumes in the haussmanian style, and being very bright. The bedroom and the kitchen overlook the planted walk that was built on an ancient viaduct going from Bastille to bois de Vincennes. You will dispose of the full flat except for one bedroom. You will enjoy the newly fully equipped kitchen, the bedroom with a double bed (160x200 cm), 2 bathrooms, 1 separate toilet, a double living room with a dinner corner, a lounge and a TV corner with a futon that can be used as a bed for 2 people. It is likely that we won't be able to welcome you but we'll be happy to share our favorite places in the area with. Just let us know what type of food, bars, places you'd like 
13525	Bienvenu dans ce joli appartement Parisien, il est composé de 2 pièces donnant sur une rue assez calme, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, il est très lumineux et ensoleillé. Le séjour dispose d'un canapé lit très confortable, un petite table à manger pour 4 personne, une cuisine ouverte équipée de plaque et d'un four micro-onde, bouilloire et le nécessaire pour cuisiner, ainsi que d'un frigo et d'une petite machine à laver le linge.  IL y a une salle de bain avec toilettes et une chambre à coucher pour 2 personnes avec un lit double. L'appartement est bien chauffé, il y a une télévision et le wifi. L'appartement est situé à 5mns des métro Ledru-Rollin et Reuilly-Diderot, et des lignes de bus (phone number hidden) et 29. Bastille est à 5/10 à pieds et le faubourg Saint-Antoine avec tous ses magasins est immédiatement accessible. Le marché d'aligre au coin de la rue est un marché très animé et agréable entouré de petits restaurants et marchands qui vous régalerons.  Le wifi est en haut débit	Bienvenu dans ce joli appartement Parisien, il est composé de 2 pièces donnant sur une rue assez calme, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, il est très lumineux et ensoleillé. Le séjour dispose d'un canapé lit très confortable, un petite table à manger pour 4 personne, une cuisine ouverte équipée de plaque et d'un four micro-onde, bouilloire et le nécessaire pour cuisiner, ainsi que d'un frigo et d'une petite machine à laver le linge.  IL y a une salle de bain avec toilettes et une chambre à coucher pour 2 personnes avec un lit double. L'appartement est bien chauffé, il y a une télévision et le wifi. L'appartement est situé à 5mns des métro Ledru-Rollin et Reuilly-Diderot, et des lignes de bus (phone number hidden) et 29. Bastille est à 5/10 à pieds et le faubourg Saint-Antoine avec tous ses magasins est immédiatement accessible. Le marché d'aligre au coin de la rue est un marché très animé et agréable entouré de petits restaurants et marchands qui vous régalerons.  Le wifi est en haut débit
13526		"in front of the parc ""bois de vincenne"" in a Hausmanian flat, metro and tram at 5min, 20m2 room with full of arrangements, fully fitted kitchen,bathtub. I'm working in the living room but i'm very quite :) smocking area in the kitchen! kitchen, bathroom, room and toilets! Will be always at home to work if i'm not on tour. ""parc de Vincennes"" Lake and green walk in front of the appartment, shopping, grocery behind the street. Metro ligne 8 ""porte dorée"" Tram T3 ""charenton"" ""V lib"" for bike lover in front of the street! Vegetarian and Bio people are welcoming!"
13527		View on a yard, in the third floor without lift.  Kitchen full equipment ( dishwasher, microwave, laundry) Near to metro Porte de Vincennes (line 1) and Picpus (line 6), Tramway 1-2. 10min on foot for nation of the RER A for the main tourist place.
13528	"It’s a beautiful newly renovated one bedroom apartment, it’s located in the 3th floor with no elevators, but it’s really easy to get up cause the stairs are not very high. There is a one bedroom that you will be staying in, one bathroom that you will be shared with me, a living room where you can relax and an open kitchen full of equipment.  The apartment is clean, bright and very comfortable. It’s located in the 11th district, very close to Bastille (5 minutes walking to Bastille place with the tower), right in the very famous street “Faubourg Saint Antoine”, stocked with restaurants, coffee shops, shops and even a Farmer Market! The famous market ""marché d’Aligre"" is 5 minutes’ walk, you will find plenty of florists, cheese makers, fishmongers, butchers.... I will be happy to show you around and give you all the indications you need. The location is in a nice neighborhood with excellent well known French restaurants in several adjacent streets (“Rue de Montreuil”, rue de “Lappe” à Ba"	"Cosy Cute Apartment in Bastille! Very comfortable and in the center of Paris.  Very close to transportation. It’s a beautiful newly renovated one bedroom apartment, it’s located in the 3th floor with no elevators, but it’s really easy to get up cause the stairs are not very high. There is a one bedroom that you will be staying in, one bathroom that you will be shared with me, a living room where you can relax and an open kitchen full of equipment.  The apartment is clean, bright and very comfortable. It’s located in the 11th district, very close to Bastille (5 minutes walking to Bastille place with the tower), right in the very famous street “Faubourg Saint Antoine”, stocked with restaurants, coffee shops, shops and even a Farmer Market! The famous market ""marché d’Aligre"" is 5 minutes’ walk, you will find plenty of florists, cheese makers, fishmongers, butchers.... I will be happy to show you around and give you all the indications you need. The location is in a nice neighborhood with"
13529		Studio charmant et lumineux avec belle hauteur sous plafond, pourvu du confort nécessaire pour se sentir comme chez soi au cœur de Paris. Composé de : coin nuit 2 places de qualité, pièce de douche avec wc, cuisine toute équipée pour concocter de bons petits plats! Multiples transports à proximité Ce quartier très agréable à vivre de par son aspect familial et calme est réputé pour son marché de la nation en plein air où vos sens seront éveillés par ses produits traditionnels, ses nombreux commerces de proximité aussi bien alimentaires que pour du shopping !  Un des points forts de ce quartier réside en la proximité des transports (moins d'une minute à pied du logement) ce qui vous permet un accès rapide aux endroits immanquables à la capitale par ses 4 lignes de métro (ligne 1, 2, 6,9) ainsi que le RER A!
13530	"A very comfortable room in one of the most amazing district of Paris : ""La Bastille"". Close to Marais, Place des Vosges, Arsenal, the train-station Gare de Lyon."	"Simple but cute and comfortable room in the amazing district ""La Bastille"" !  A lot Close to Marais, Place des Vosges, Arsenal, Gare de Lyon. A very comfortable room in one of the most amazing district of Paris : ""La Bastille"". Close to Marais, Place des Vosges, Arsenal, the train-station Gare de Lyon. Bedroom, Kitchen, Bathroom and Toilets. I will not be here but my housemate is really friendly and he speaks English better than me ;-) Bars, restaurants, architecture, history, river and the Arsenal harbor (unique in Paris !)  Metro, RER (the high-speed train service between Paris and the suburbs), Train (in Gare de Lyon for the whole middle and south of France and Italy) The building is a little old..."
13531	Grande terrasse, espace moderne et design, glissez vous dans la peau d'un vrai parisien !	    Optez pour le privilège de vivre dans un bien de standing à 2 au pied de la place de la Nation. Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble moderne, cet appartement de 2 pièces dispose d'un salon avec cuisine américaine, une chambre et un dressing.    Grande terrasse, espace moderne et design, glissez vous dans la peau d'un vrai parisien ! Le 12ème arrondissement regorge de lieux à découvrir : La Place de la Bastille, le port de l’Arsenal, la place des Vosges, le marché d’Aligre, la Gare de Lyon, le Marais, Rivoli. Grâce aux transports en commun (métro 1, 2, 6, 9 et RER A) rendez-vous facilement dans les autres quartiers parisiens : les Champs Elysées, le Louvre et ses Tuileries, Saint-Germain et son quartier Latin, Haussmann et Opéra... Nation, métro 1, 2, 6, 9 et RER A.
13532	Come visit and discover Paris in nice flat in the center of Paris, near Bastille, le Marais, Châtelet... Flat very bright of 47m2 It is composed with : one living-room  one room one kitchen (with frigo,oven, washing will and induction hob)  one bath-room one toilets Our flat is really nice, with the charm of Parisian's flat : fireplace and parquet, but with a very clear and clean flat  all equipped: Internet, TV, kitchen, washing machine... there is one bed (futon) and one sofa where someone can sleep located near Bastille, at the metro Ledru-Rollin (on line 8) Great neighborhood, restaurants, shops, bar and la coulée verte... you can visit a lot of things near the flat by walk or tube. Perfect to visit Paris and to come in a lovely place to sleep and eat quietly 	Come to visit Paris in a very Nice flat very good équiped ! IT´s in a really Nice area near the Marais, Beaubourg (you can go by walk). The flat Is for you : there Is à room, à living room, à kitchen and toilets and bathroom. It´s really sunny !  Come visit and discover Paris in nice flat in the center of Paris, near Bastille, le Marais, Châtelet... Flat very bright of 47m2 It is composed with : one living-room  one room one kitchen (with frigo,oven, washing will and induction hob)  one bath-room one toilets Our flat is really nice, with the charm of Parisian's flat : fireplace and parquet, but with a very clear and clean flat  all equipped: Internet, TV, kitchen, washing machine... there is one bed (futon) and one sofa where someone can sleep located near Bastille, at the metro Ledru-Rollin (on line 8) Great neighborhood, restaurants, shops, bar and la coulée verte... you can visit a lot of things near the flat by walk or tube. Perfect to visit Paris and to come in a lovely place to s
13533	★ THE APARTMENT ★  One-bedroom apartment, 430 sq ft (40m²), 1st floor (1er étage) with elevator, in a quiet and charming building.  The apartment was completely renovated with an architect in August 2013. - Complementary description of the apartment:  Entrance, kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom with an Italian style shower and closets. - Bedroom:  One queen size bed (160x200) and one comfortable pull out sofa bed (140x200) in the living room.  Fresh bed linens are provided. - Kitchen:  The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, microwave, grill, cooktop, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, dishwasher, dishes & utensils, and cooking utensils. - Bathroom:  The bathroom is equipped with a modern Italian style shower, a glass vanity and a high quality toilet.  Fresh towels are provided. - Other equipments:  Unlimited Wi-Fi Internet access, flat screen TV with international channels, laundry machine, iron, iron table, and hairdryer. ★ THE NEIGHBO	★ THE APARTMENT ★  One-bedroom apartment, 430 sq ft (40m²), 1st floor (1er étage) with elevator, in a quiet and charming building.  The apartment was completely renovated with an architect in August 2013. - Complementary description of the apartment:  Entrance, kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom with an Italian style shower and closets. - Bedroom:  One queen size bed (160x200) and one comfortable pull out sofa bed (140x200) in the living room.  Fresh bed linens are provided. - Kitchen:  The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, microwave, grill, cooktop, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, dishwasher, dishes & utensils, and cooking utensils. - Bathroom:  The bathroom is equipped with a modern Italian style shower, a glass vanity and a high quality toilet.  Fresh towels are provided. - Other equipments:  Unlimited Wi-Fi Internet access, flat screen TV with international channels, laundry machine, iron, iron table, and hairdryer. ★ THE NEIGHBO
13534		Nice 1 bedroom (65sqm) in Paris near Nation (12). Accomodates 4 people. Quiet (overlooking garden) and sunny (8th floor facing east - elevator). Close to metro (lines 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A)
13535	"Charmant appartement de 2 pièces au rdc de 40m² dans une impasse classée, ""La campagne à Paris"" Entrée-salon avec :  Canapé lit pouvant accueillir un adulte et un enfant ou deux enfants, Tv, lecteur blu-ray, Internet, Téléphone gratuit dans 105 pays, piano, bibliothèque. Cuisine américaine toute équipée :  Plaques halogènes, hotte, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séchant, réfrigérateur-congélateur, nombreux rangements. Chambre-Bureau avec : Lit deux places 160 x 200 ESCAMOTABLE (Le lit monte jusqu'au plafond dans la journée et redescend pour la nuit; hauteur du lit 1m20), armoires. Salle de bain avec : WC, lavabo, baignoire, rideau pare-douche Quartier très calme avec à deux pas :  Métro Ligne 1 desservant tout Paris.  Métro Ligne 6, direct Tour Eiffel RER A : direct jusqu'à Disneyland Paris Tramway 3.  Une charmante rue commerçante avec tous commerces.  Bois de Vincennes. Possibilité de location d'une place de parking en sous-sol en complément de l'appartement :  15€/jour  90€/semaine 250€"	"Charmant appartement de 2 pièces au rdc de 40m² dans une impasse classée, ""La campagne à Paris"" Entrée-salon avec :  Canapé lit pouvant accueillir un adulte et un enfant ou deux enfants, Tv, lecteur blu-ray, Internet, Téléphone gratuit dans 105 pays, piano, bibliothèque. Cuisine américaine toute équipée :  Plaques halogènes, hotte, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séchant, réfrigérateur-congélateur, nombreux rangements. Chambre-Bureau avec : Lit deux places 160 x 200 ESCAMOTABLE (Le lit monte jusqu'au plafond dans la journée et redescend pour la nuit; hauteur du lit 1m20), armoires. Salle de bain avec : WC, lavabo, baignoire, rideau pare-douche Quartier très calme avec à deux pas :  Métro Ligne 1 desservant tout Paris.  Métro Ligne 6, direct Tour Eiffel RER A : direct jusqu'à Disneyland Paris Tramway 3.  Une charmante rue commerçante avec tous commerces.  Bois de Vincennes. Possibilité de location d'une place de parking en sous-sol en complément de l'appartement :  15€/jour  90€/semaine 250€"
13536		Appartement lumineux et calme sur cour A 5mn des métros Gare de Lyon et Reuilly-Diderot (lignes 1-8-14 et RER  et proximité tout commerces 2 chambres (2 lits doubles)  Lave Linge  TV - Hifi - Wifi gratuite  
13537		Studio clair et calme d'une surface de 18 m2. Cuisine, wc et salle d'eau séparés. Accès WI FI. Idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Quartier agréable et bien équipé. Métro Michel Bizot à 100 mètres. Bois de Vincennes à 300 mètres (jogging).
13538	Un petit coin bien confortable, au calme, pour se reposer après une bonne journée passée à parcourir Paris. Il y a du neuf, du chiné, du vieux, mais que du beau, du bon et du charme !	Parquet au sol, moulures au plafond, cet appartement était sympa vide. En l'aménageant pour m'y sentir bien, son salon accueillant, sa chambre confortable, sa cuisine pratique et sa salle de douche lumineuse sont devenus un vrai chez-moi ! Un petit coin bien confortable, au calme, pour se reposer après une bonne journée passée à parcourir Paris. Il y a du neuf, du chiné, du vieux, mais que du beau, du bon et du charme ! Accès à tout l'appartement (sauf le dressing qui me permet de libérer de la place pour les voyageurs et de ranger les affaires du chat !), une machine à laver, une connexion wifi. Je fournis draps et serviettes de bain. Les voyageurs sont en parfaite indépendance pendant leur séjour. Je reste disponible par téléphone si besoin. Si je suis à l'étranger, une personne de confiance sera joignable. Le quartier est calme, familial, il a toutefois son charme. Le marché du dimanche matin à Porte Dorée (10 minutes à pied) propose des produits d'excellente qualité. De nombreux ma
13539	Nous vous proposons un charmant appartement en plein cœur de Daumesnil. La résidence est située au niveau de la placette de Daumesnil, avec digicode et code au niveau de l’ascenseur, calme et très agréable. Le quartier est très animé, avec le marché deux fois par semaine. L’appartement est très calme malgré l’animation du quartier et donne une vue sur une petite cour.  La station métro se trouve à 50 mètres de la maison (Lignes 6 et 8), plusieurs bus sont présents également. Proximité restaurants, cafés, boulangerie et magasin (simply market). L’appartement est idéal pour un couple et peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes (canapé lit dans le salon). L’appartement a été refait à neuf en 2014 et dispose de toutes les commodités nécessaires dont WIFI et télé afin que vous puissiez vous y sentir chez vous. L’appartement dispose d’un long balcon passant par le salon la cuisine ainsi que la chambre tous disposants de portes fenêtres ce qui le rend très lumineux. Vous trouverez dans la cuisine 	Charmant appartement chaleureux, lumineux et sécurisé, tout est fait afin d'y passer un agréable moment et s'y sentir comme à la maison.       Nous vous proposons un charmant appartement en plein cœur de Daumesnil. La résidence est située au niveau de la placette de Daumesnil, avec digicode et code au niveau de l’ascenseur, calme et très agréable. Le quartier est très animé, avec le marché deux fois par semaine. L’appartement est très calme malgré l’animation du quartier et donne une vue sur une petite cour.  La station métro se trouve à 50 mètres de la maison (Lignes 6 et 8), plusieurs bus sont présents également. Proximité restaurants, cafés, boulangerie et magasin (simply market). L’appartement est idéal pour un couple et peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes (canapé lit dans le salon). L’appartement a été refait à neuf en 2014 et dispose de toutes les commodités nécessaires dont WIFI et télé afin que vous puissiez vous y sentir chez vous. L’appartement dispose d’un long balcon passan
13540	L'appartement est à la fois très proche des quartiers animés de l'est parisien (Faidherbe, Bastille, Belleville,...) et placé dans un endroit calme.  Il est spacieux (64 m²) et bien équipé (internet, chaîne hi-fi,...) ce qui permet d'y passer d'agréables moments après avoir profité de la vie parisienne.	Grand deux pièces, avec une chambre isolée et calme sur cour (équipée d'un grand lit) et un double séjour. Situé à proximité immédiate des métros Michel Bizot, Daumesnil et Bel Air (lignes 8 et 6) et des commerces. L'appartement est à la fois très proche des quartiers animés de l'est parisien (Faidherbe, Bastille, Belleville,...) et placé dans un endroit calme.  Il est spacieux (64 m²) et bien équipé (internet, chaîne hi-fi,...) ce qui permet d'y passer d'agréables moments après avoir profité de la vie parisienne. Les voyageurs seront accueillis par moi ou par un proche résidant dans le quartier. Nous nous ferons un plaisir de vous donner toutes nos bonnes adresses. Nous pouvons aussi échanger par email avant votre arrivée. L'appartement est situé à proximité immédiate des métros Michel Bizot ou Daumnesnil (ligne 8). La station Bel Air est très proche également (ligne 6).
13541		A very cosy and sunny flat on the last floor. You will appreciate our 12 m2 balcony where you will have a nice breakfast in the sun. A quiet area with many local markets next to the vibrant center of Paris, just
13542	My name is Anna and I've been living in this apartment for 5 years now. The atmosphere is great and very bright, it took me years to do all the decoration, no Ikea but pieces found on flea markets or brocantes. There's a great area with cushions to relax, read or have drinks !	Hi there, I'm offering a separated room in my apartment located in Nation, (east side of Paris, Metro : 1, 2, 6 ,9, RER A). You'll have access to a kitchen, bathroom and dining area. Check the pictures ;) See you soon, Anna My name is Anna and I've been living in this apartment for 5 years now. The atmosphere is great and very bright, it took me years to do all the decoration, no Ikea but pieces found on flea markets or brocantes. There's a great area with cushions to relax, read or have drinks ! It's a separated room with a single bed and the possibility to put an other heavy mattress that I have. You'll be sharing the apartment with me. The 2 rooms are well separated. I've been living in Boston, Brussels and Melbourne so I'm used to meet new people + i enjoy cooking and sharing occasional meals :) Nation is a very nice, calm area, very convenient with all the metro lines ( 3 minutes walk to the subway ).
13543	Studio 	Meuble, cuisine, toilette, douche, lit, sofa, bureau ! Métro Daumesnil A 1min a pied de la station : ligne 6 et 8 Confort assuré! N’hésitez pas a me contactez pour plus d'informations supplémentaires! Studio  Simply Market Picard Bus 46 Metro Daumesnil : ligne 6 et 8 
13544	Gare de Lyon : 1 bedroom in a charming parisian apartement ********* Accomodation ********* Hi there, we are a 30y old french couple and we are glad to offer a romantic 15 m2 private bedroom. You will have your own room in a typical parisian apartment, 1mn from Gare de Lyon. The room is spacious, luminous, and furnished with a very comfortable double bed, drawers + chauffage warming interior spaces. There's a kettle in your room with free tea and cofee, and a table with two chairs (so you can work or take your breakfast/lunch/diner in your room if you want some privacy). Bath towels, pillows, sheet and braid are included. You will also have access to the bathroom with a bathtub, separated kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, oven and microwave. Separeted wc. Wi-Fi included. ********* Situation ********* The flat is 40m2 and located in a quiet street in one of the best area of Paris : Gare de Lyon / Bastille. Every commodity you need is at the doorstep, a nice bakery makes delicious fren	Gare de Lyon : 1 bedroom in a charming parisian apartement ********* Accomodation ********* Hi there, we are a 30y old french couple and we are glad to offer a romantic 15 m2 private bedroom. You will have your own room in a typical parisian apartment, 1mn from Gare de Lyon. The room is spacious, luminous, and furnished with a very comfortable double bed, drawers + chauffage warming interior spaces. There's a kettle in your room with free tea and cofee, and a table with two chairs (so you can work or take your breakfast/lunch/diner in your room if you want some privacy). Bath towels, pillows, sheet and braid are included. You will also have access to the bathroom with a bathtub, separated kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, oven and microwave. Separeted wc. Wi-Fi included. ********* Situation ********* The flat is 40m2 and located in a quiet street in one of the best area of Paris : Gare de Lyon / Bastille. Every commodity you need is at the doorstep, a nice bakery makes delicious fren
13545		Location d'un appartement, 2pièces 36m² rue du faubourg saint-antoine. En face du marché d'Aligre, à 5min de la place de la Bastille. Cuisine américaine donnant sur le séjour. Chambre  Salle de bain + WC Wifi, télévision, machine à laver séchante
13546		Appartement design, déco soignée et originale. Metro ligne 8 se trouve au pied de l'immeuble, les lignes 1,2,6,9 RER A se trouvent à moins de 10 minutes, ainsi que prêt à vous promener facilementdans tout Paris. Tout commerces à proximité immédiate.
13547		Spacious flat (71 sqm / 800 sqft) next to Bastille, 100 meters from one of Paris finest market. Since we just welcomed a young child, configuration is slightly different from pics, however you'll still have the best comfort! L1, L8, L14, RER A
13548		Beau 
13549		Charmant studio meublé, situé à 10 min à pied de la Gare de Lyon, à 5 min à pied de la place de la Nation et de Bastille. Le studio comprend une cuisine équipée, une table à manger, une armoire, une salle de bains avec douche, une vue sur la ville. 
13550	Welcome in my atypical and cozy 48 square meters studio loft apartment located on rue des Colonnes Du Trone in the 12th arrondissement, on the ground floor of a 19th century building. The loft benefits from a small courtyard with plants for sunny breakfast outside ! Description : The living room has a window facing courtyard and it is furnished with : sofa, queen size bed, coffee table, armchair, 2 armchairs, desk, TV, built-in shelves, hard wooden floor. The kitchen is equipped with all kitchen utensils and oven, ceramic hob, fridge, freezer, kettle, built-in wall closet, hard wooden floor The bathroom is equipped with : washbasin, shower, toilet, washer (in the dressing), built-in shelves, tiled floor. This apartment is equipped with : washer, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi , phone, stereo, TV. I also provide Bed linens and Towels.  A parking is included. The area :  Nation, the heart of eastern Paris For a vacation in a less touristy area of Paris, Nation is a quiet but 	Welcome in my atypical and cozy 48 square meters studio loft apartment located on rue des Colonnes Du Trone in the 12th arrondissement, on the ground floor of a 19th century building. The loft benefits from a small courtyard with plants for sunny breakfast outside ! Description : The living room has a window facing courtyard and it is furnished with : sofa, queen size bed, coffee table, armchair, 2 armchairs, desk, TV, built-in shelves, hard wooden floor. The kitchen is equipped with all kitchen utensils and oven, ceramic hob, fridge, freezer, kettle, built-in wall closet, hard wooden floor The bathroom is equipped with : washbasin, shower, toilet, washer (in the dressing), built-in shelves, tiled floor. This apartment is equipped with : washer, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi , phone, stereo, TV. I also provide Bed linens and Towels.  A parking is included. The area :  Nation, the heart of eastern Paris For a vacation in a less touristy area of Paris, Nation is a quiet but 
13551		Bel appartement, très clair, 3 pièces, cuisine et salle de bain (77 m2) situé entre Bastille et Nation, à moins de 20 mn de marche du Marais.
13552	L’APPARTEMENT Appartement contemporain et lumineux de 40m2: -un agréable salon meublé de pièces fities (table en formica jaune, buffet design noir et blanc, étagères hollandaises en teck et metal, luminaire “arc”…)  -une cuisine refaite à neuf et équipée, ouverte sur le salon -une chambre séparée avec un grand lit et un dressing  -une salle de bain avec baignoire. -des toilettes séparées Linge de lit et serviettes de toilette fournis. Accès wi-fi illimité.  LE QUARTIER Idéalement situé dans le quartier vivant et très central de Bastille ou vous trouverez une multitude de cafés et bistrots typiquement parisiens, de bars branchés, de boutique de créateurs et de commerçants de qualité (fleuriste, cave à vins, boulangeries…) Vous êtes à 10 minutes à pied du Marais et à 3mn du très populaire marché d’Aligre, ouvert 6 jours sur 7. L’appartement est très bien desservi par les transports en commun avec trois stations de métro à moins de 5mn de marche: - Marais/St Paul (5mn), Louvre (10mn) et C	L’APPARTEMENT Appartement contemporain et lumineux de 40m2: -un agréable salon meublé de pièces fities (table en formica jaune, buffet design noir et blanc, étagères hollandaises en teck et metal, luminaire “arc”…)  -une cuisine refaite à neuf et équipée, ouverte sur le salon -une chambre séparée avec un grand lit et un dressing  -une salle de bain avec baignoire. -des toilettes séparées Linge de lit et serviettes de toilette fournis. Accès wi-fi illimité.  LE QUARTIER Idéalement situé dans le quartier vivant et très central de Bastille ou vous trouverez une multitude de cafés et bistrots typiquement parisiens, de bars branchés, de boutique de créateurs et de commerçants de qualité (fleuriste, cave à vins, boulangeries…) Vous êtes à 10 minutes à pied du Marais et à 3mn du très populaire marché d’Aligre, ouvert 6 jours sur 7. L’appartement est très bien desservi par les transports en commun avec trois stations de métro à moins de 5mn de marche: - Marais/St Paul (5mn), Louvre (10mn) et C
13553	"GLOBAL DESCRIPTION OF THE FLAT :  Fully equipped studio studio (17 square meters with 3 meters in height) for 2 people, has been renovated in June 2014 in a very modern style. It is located around 300 meters from ""Gare De Lyon"" and Metro station ""Ledru-Rollin"" in Paris. My flat is located on the ground floor (reinforced door) of a well secured building. The common portions will be soon renovated as well. Pets are not allowed.  NO SMOKING AREA.  LIVING ROOM/BEDROOM :  Comfortable sofa bed, 2 people Double sized bed for sleeping in ( 140x190cm ).  Large storage.  Ironing Board and Iron.  Towels and bed sheets furnished Bar and stool for 2 people. Office area.  Television flat screen with national and international télévision channels. Clock-radio.  Free Wi-fi.  KITCHEN (opened on living room) : Microwave ; 2 modern hot plates ; refrigerator ""Smeg""; washing machine ; coffee machine "" Dolce Gusto"". Kettle. Toaster. Orange squeezer. BATHROOM AND TOILETS:  Modern, with shower, Towel radiator"	"Welcome to my little parisian nest !  Ideally for couples who wants to discover Paris. My flat was renovated in June 2014 in a very modern style. Located in an nice and quiet area, close to Bastille.  Enjoy !    GLOBAL DESCRIPTION OF THE FLAT :  Fully equipped studio studio (17 square meters with 3 meters in height) for 2 people, has been renovated in June 2014 in a very modern style. It is located around 300 meters from ""Gare De Lyon"" and Metro station ""Ledru-Rollin"" in Paris. My flat is located on the ground floor (reinforced door) of a well secured building. The common portions will be soon renovated as well. Pets are not allowed.  NO SMOKING AREA.  LIVING ROOM/BEDROOM :  Comfortable sofa bed, 2 people Double sized bed for sleeping in ( 140x190cm ).  Large storage.  Ironing Board and Iron.  Towels and bed sheets furnished Bar and stool for 2 people. Office area.  Television flat screen with national and international télévision channels. Clock-radio.  Free Wi-fi.  KITCHEN (opened on"
13554		Located in a calm area of Paris, 12 arrondissement.  The metro is very near and you can go to the center of Paris very easely. You'll appreciate the calm of the appartment. Suitable for families or friends :) Don't hesitate to ask me for places to visit ! If you need any help, don't hesitate to ask !
13555	The flat (30 m2) is ideal for a couple or a single person.   -Main room with a double bed (160x200cm), a dining table with chairs, bookshelves, TV and loud speakers. -Small kitchen with a cooker, a microwave/ grill oven, a fridge/freezer, a toaster, a Nespresso machine, a boiler and the basic cooking and eating utilities -Bathroom with a shower, a toilet, a washing machine and a hairdryer. -Balcony with a small table and a deck chair. -Small hall with closet. Fully equipped flat. 2nd Floor with an elevator. Bastille, the Marais, the Aligre food Market, the Viaduc des Arts within walking distance. Easy access to anywhere in Paris. -Métro Station Ledru-Rollin (line 8) is the closest (1 minute walk). Metro station Bastille (8, 5, 1 ) and Gare de Lyon (14,1,RER A,D) are at walking distance  -Bus 86 direct to Latin Quarter / Jardin du Luxembourg / St-Germain-des-Prés,... -Bus 76 to Marais / Hotel de Ville  / Louvre Museum, -Bus 61 to Père-Lachaise Cimetery. -To go to Château de Versailles: 	Confortable and quiet studio (30m2), with a double bed, a small separated kitchen, and a balcony on a green courtyard. The street is peaceful, the neirghboorhood lively. Bastille, the Marais, the food market of Aligre are nearby. The flat (30 m2) is ideal for a couple or a single person.   -Main room with a double bed (160x200cm), a dining table with chairs, bookshelves, TV and loud speakers. -Small kitchen with a cooker, a microwave/ grill oven, a fridge/freezer, a toaster, a Nespresso machine, a boiler and the basic cooking and eating utilities -Bathroom with a shower, a toilet, a washing machine and a hairdryer. -Balcony with a small table and a deck chair. -Small hall with closet. Fully equipped flat. 2nd Floor with an elevator. Bastille, the Marais, the Aligre food Market, the Viaduc des Arts within walking distance. Easy access to anywhere in Paris. -Métro Station Ledru-Rollin (line 8) is the closest (1 minute walk). Metro station Bastille (8, 5, 1 ) and Gare de Lyon (14,1,RER A,
13556		Contemporary, well furnished, very quiet, very luminous, this 78 sqm 2-bedroom apartment will be perfect for a family ! Located opposite the Gare de Lyon, ten minutes away from Bastille and the lovely Basins of the Arsenal.
13557	- Fitted kitchen with an oven, a microwave, a toaster, ceramic hob, fridge, freezer, oven and a dishwasher. - A 15m² living room with a large table, a computer with internet access and WIFI throughout the apartment  - A bedroom with a bed 160x200 cm / linens provided - Bathroom: shower / hair dryer / towels provided.  Iron and ironing board / washer / dryer Comfortable, equipped, spacious and near a variety of shops and attractions, the apartment is ideal for short and long stays. Only 4 minute walk from Ledru Rollin subway (line 8) and 4 minute of Gare de Lyon, the apartment is located near the bakery / supermarket and few minutes from the Aligre market and the Faubourg Saint Antoine Street, with a multitude of shops and restaurants of various cuisines of the world and also some very very good typical French bistrot ! (good wine, good meal, good cheese ! )  We will give you our famous addresses ! Le Marais, Le Père Lachaise cemetery , the Place de la Republique and Bastille, the Jardi	We will do our best to make you feel like in your home and make your stay in Paris unforgettable :) Welcome home ! - Fitted kitchen with an oven, a microwave, a toaster, ceramic hob, fridge, freezer, oven and a dishwasher. - A 15m² living room with a large table, a computer with internet access and WIFI throughout the apartment  - A bedroom with a bed 160x200 cm / linens provided - Bathroom: shower / hair dryer / towels provided.  Iron and ironing board / washer / dryer Comfortable, equipped, spacious and near a variety of shops and attractions, the apartment is ideal for short and long stays. Only 4 minute walk from Ledru Rollin subway (line 8) and 4 minute of Gare de Lyon, the apartment is located near the bakery / supermarket and few minutes from the Aligre market and the Faubourg Saint Antoine Street, with a multitude of shops and restaurants of various cuisines of the world and also some very very good typical French bistrot ! (good wine, good meal, good cheese ! )  We will give y
13558	The DISTRICT I am living in (12th arrondissement) is quiet and charming: - the exact location is Metro Daumesnil - metro lines 6 and 8  - within 10 minutes' walk of the beautiful Bois de Vincennes (+castle) - within 10 minutes' walk of Nation (and movies) - within 10 minutes' walk of Bercy (Garden+ movie theaters) - supermarkets are to be found everywhere near the metro station + in the surrounding streets The APARTMENT is WITHIN 2 MINUTES'WALK OF THE METRO It is on the 4th floor (with an elevator). It is quite elegant, has wooden floor and moulded ceilings. The apartment has one bedroom and is 37sq meters. It overlooks a yard and is therefore very quiet.  BEDROOM: It has a double bed and a fold-out sofa for one person The chimney is here for decoration only! LIVING ROOM: - TV and telephone (you can call landlines for free) - there is an Internet connection - you'll find books in English, French and German + travel guides BATHROOM: - there is a tub - linen and towels are provided KITCH	The DISTRICT I am living in (12th arrondissement) is quiet and charming: - the exact location is Metro Daumesnil - metro lines 6 and 8  - within 10 minutes' walk of the beautiful Bois de Vincennes (+castle) - within 10 minutes' walk of Nation (and movies) - within 10 minutes' walk of Bercy (Garden+ movie theaters) - supermarkets are to be found everywhere near the metro station + in the surrounding streets The APARTMENT is WITHIN 2 MINUTES'WALK OF THE METRO It is on the 4th floor (with an elevator). It is quite elegant, has wooden floor and moulded ceilings. The apartment has one bedroom and is 37sq meters. It overlooks a yard and is therefore very quiet.  BEDROOM: It has a double bed and a fold-out sofa for one person The chimney is here for decoration only! LIVING ROOM: - TV and telephone (you can call landlines for free) - there is an Internet connection - you'll find books in English, French and German + travel guides BATHROOM: - there is a tub - linen and towels are provided KITCH
13559		Charmant appartement situé entre le metro bel air et daumesnil. Une chambre avec lit double et un canapé lit deux places dans le salon. Cuisine et salle de bain fonctionnelles. Très lumineux avec deux petits balcons. Quartier Agréable.
13560		12e quartier Bel Air, proche tout transport (métro, bus, tramway). Clair, très calme, sur belle cour verdoyante, 28 m2 tout confort : entrée, grand séjour avec télé et Wifi, cuisine aménagée (four, frigo, plaques, lave-linge), salle de bains.
13561	We just rebuilt this wonderful 21 m² studio with kitchen corner and brand new bed (140 cm). Our cosy studio is quiet  and very bright with its 2 wide windows and combines all the comfort of modernity and past centuries' (website hidden) cable and wireless connection are available, washing machine, shower and fridge as well. Indeed, anything for an incredible experience on the heart of Paris !	5 mn far from Gare de Lyon and 10 from Bastille, right in the heart of 12th arrondissement, our cosy studio stands in an original 19th century building. From here, everything is available and reachable : shops, restaurants, clubs, museums. Welcome! We just rebuilt this wonderful 21 m² studio with kitchen corner and brand new bed (140 cm). Our cosy studio is quiet  and very bright with its 2 wide windows and combines all the comfort of modernity and past centuries' (website hidden) cable and wireless connection are available, washing machine, shower and fridge as well. Indeed, anything for an incredible experience on the heart of Paris ! The access to the 7th, Crozatier St. is very easy : by train (Gare de Lyon from southern France), suburb train (RER A & D), Metro (lines 1 & 14) or bus (lines (phone number hidden)......) or even by bikes (Velib' just down the flat). 1 hour from Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport, 1 hour from Orly airport as well. However, the flat stands on the 5th floor
13562	Appartement très calme et très clair sans vis à vis avec vue sur un jardin  Très haut de plafond, en dernier étage Chauffage individuel au gaz Une chambre avec lit double Une chambre avec un lit simple Linge de maison fourni	Location d'un appartement meublé pour une durée de 2 semaines à un an. Libre au 1er février 2014. Appartement de 100 m² ancien atelier entièrement rénové 2ème et dernier étage 2 chambres - 2 salles de bains-2 wc cuisine américaine Très clair  Appartement très calme et très clair sans vis à vis avec vue sur un jardin  Très haut de plafond, en dernier étage Chauffage individuel au gaz Une chambre avec lit double Une chambre avec un lit simple Linge de maison fourni Télévision, chaine hi-fi, cuisinière, réfrigérateurs congélateur, machine à laver le linge, machine à laver la vaisselle, mixer, cafetière, grille pain, ligne de métro 1 et 8 proche de la gare de lyon
13563	Parisian Studio, very Bright - 30m2 - ideal for 2 people	2 steps from all the famous sights of Paris : In the South, 5 minutes walk from Nation (RER A central) and the Bois de Vincennes (known for its racecourse) In the West, less than 30 minutes walk from the Bastille (bars, restaurants, disco), the Canal Saint Martin and Place des Vosges (the Marais district where splendours of medieval and 17th century mingle) or 10 minutes from these sites by bus or subway. In the north, we are between 5 and 10 minutes walk  from Pere Lachaise and Menilmontant. Subway Line 2 located at 2 minutes from the apartment (Avron or Alexandre Dumas subway station) provides direct access to Pigalle (known for his Moulin Rouge and its Review “Féérie”), Montmartre (Sacred Heart, Place du Tertre and artists) Antwerp/Anvers station and also straight to the Champs Elysees (station Charles de Gaulle Etoile) in just 20 minutes maxi. And for those who love cycling, the 11th district has more than 54 stations Vélib Parisian Studio, very Bright - 30m2 - ideal for 2 people 7
13564	"like a small house , ""la campagne à Paris"""	"35 m2 ; nice quiet duplex (there are renovations in the courtyard that's why the price is 35€ instead of 49 ). A living room with kitchenette; a bedroom and a bathroom (bath). Close to Bastille and the market place Aligre ... like a small house , ""la campagne à Paris"""
13565	- very comfortable and quality apartment (flooring,     fireplaces, ...)  - fully renovated in 2013  - Large walk-in shower  - One bedroom with king size bed (160x190)  - a non-convertible sofa 2 places for a child in the living room (+ 1 extra mattress for one person) - No TV	"2 rooms, renovated in 1900 Parisian style, friendly, cozy, quiet and bright! It can accommodate two people plus a child and your well behaved cat :-) Near Bastille, Gare de Lyon and ""coulée verte"". - very comfortable and quality apartment (flooring,     fireplaces, ...)  - fully renovated in 2013  - Large walk-in shower  - One bedroom with king size bed (160x190)  - a non-convertible sofa 2 places for a child in the living room (+ 1 extra mattress for one person) - No TV"
13566		Dans un quartier sympathique, à proximité de Nation, un logement de 20m°. Contenant 2 chambres indépendantes. Une chambre principale et une deuxième plus petite avec un canapé. Une kitchenette avec les équipements nécessaires.
13567	This large studio in a quiet place is perfect for family gathering after a visit in paris. Close to shops, transports, restaurants and very easy to access. It includes : living room, a small kitchen, bathroom with a bath, separate toilets, the main bedroom and an additionnal room.	"This large studio in a quiet place is perfect for family gathering after a visit in paris. Close to shops, transports, restaurants and very easy to access. It includes : living room, a small kitchen, bathroom with a bath, separate toilets, the main bedroom and an additionnal room. You have access to the whole appartment which is 42m2. You access it through a private and quiet alley with a lot of greens and flowers. I will help you move in and out, but won't stay nearby for the main part of your trip. You will have the possibility to request a cleaning maid, and a friend of mine will be available in emergency cases. The neighborhood is quiet yet alive. A lot of shops, restaurants and bars are nearby, also the immediate surrounding is not loud. The ""promenade plantée"" starts nearby and will lead you to different parcs.  You have a very easy access to transportation to important places of the city, making it the perfect place to rest after visiting paris. Direct access : métro Reuilly-Did"
13568	Chambre privée proposée dans un appartement vaste de 80 m² dans lequel je (website hidden) chambre est très éclairée,apaisante ,meuble tout confort et à proximité des transports en commun ( bus,tramway,taxi,métro,velib).Un grand bois et un lac se trouvent à quelques pas de la maison,de même qu un musée aquatique.Le parc floral et le château de Vincennes ne sont pas loin. La bibliothèque François Mitterand et le nouveau quartier du 13ème arrondissement sont très plaisants? D'AUTANT PLUS AVEC UN GRAND NOUVEAU CENTRE COMMERCIAL. Dans l'appartement, Entre deux chambres se situe une salle de bains à l américaine donc l accès à la salle de bains se fait directement via la chambre,sans se ballader dans les (website hidden)  cuisine dispose d un four,four micro-ondes,réfrigérateur,cuisinière fer à repasser... possibilité de disposer d'une télé avec le cable..Dans le quartier il y a au moins cinq boulangeries,3 petits supermarchés.Un Mac Do,Quick,Pizzeria,sandwicherie,restaurants chinois et jap	Chambre privée proposée dans un appartement vaste de 80 m² dans lequel je (website hidden) chambre est très éclairée,apaisante ,meuble tout confort et à proximité des transports en commun ( bus,tramway,taxi,métro,velib).Un grand bois et un lac se trouvent à quelques pas de la maison,de même qu un musée aquatique.Le parc floral et le château de Vincennes ne sont pas loin. La bibliothèque François Mitterand et le nouveau quartier du 13ème arrondissement sont très plaisants? D'AUTANT PLUS AVEC UN GRAND NOUVEAU CENTRE COMMERCIAL. Dans l'appartement, Entre deux chambres se situe une salle de bains à l américaine donc l accès à la salle de bains se fait directement via la chambre,sans se ballader dans les (website hidden)  cuisine dispose d un four,four micro-ondes,réfrigérateur,cuisinière fer à repasser... possibilité de disposer d'une télé avec le cable..Dans le quartier il y a au moins cinq boulangeries,3 petits supermarchés.Un Mac Do,Quick,Pizzeria,sandwicherie,restaurants chinois et jap
13569	This charming and nicely decorated studio apartment is nestled on the 1rst floor in a typically artisan paved and flowery court. The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, coffee maker, kettle, microwave, electric cooking plaques, toaster... The double bed is separated from the living room area with a folding screen. The sofa is convertible into a double bed. The bathroom has a sink, toilet and a shower. There is Wifi and a washing machine. The apartment is located in Ledru Rollin neighborhood, a residential area within walking distance to Bastille Place, Gare de Lyon station and the Marais historical area. Historically being the district of carpenters and wood workers some are still in activity in hidden alleyways around rue du faubourg saint antoine and rue de charonne. Bastille district is now known to be the Fashion (designers') district (Isabelle Marant etc...) but also world known architects (Wilmotte etc...) Close to the historical Marais (Pablo Picasso Museum, place de Vosges). Thi	BASTILLE AREA ATELIER D'ARTISTES EN STUDIO SUR COUR, IDÉAL FAMILLE OU GROUPE D'AMIS POUR 4 PERSONNES This charming and nicely decorated studio apartment is nestled on the 1rst floor in a typically artisan paved and flowery court. The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, coffee maker, kettle, microwave, electric cooking plaques, toaster... The double bed is separated from the living room area with a folding screen. The sofa is convertible into a double bed. The bathroom has a sink, toilet and a shower. There is Wifi and a washing machine. The apartment is located in Ledru Rollin neighborhood, a residential area within walking distance to Bastille Place, Gare de Lyon station and the Marais historical area. Historically being the district of carpenters and wood workers some are still in activity in hidden alleyways around rue du faubourg saint antoine and rue de charonne. Bastille district is now known to be the Fashion (designers') district (Isabelle Marant etc...) but also world known arc
13570		This bedroom is part of 45m2 haussmanian apartment (3rd floor) in a building with a lift. I share it with a girl named Camille. It is located in a peaceful area near Bois de Vincennes , and very close from most parisian sites thanks to metro 6, 8, 1.
13571	The apartment (19m2) comprises a small entry area, a bedroom/living room, a separate kitchen and bathroom. In the bedroom/living room is a double sofa bed, a table with four chairs and wardrobe. In the kitchen are the usual mod cons (fridge/freezer, microwave, oven etc), a double sink and storage space. In the bathroom is a toilet, sink, shower cubicle and washing machine. The flat has direct access to a communal courtyard.  Please be aware that the apartment is occupied all year round meaning it has a bit of normal wear and tear. The bathroom whilst not ultra modern (some exposed pipe work/dated tiles) remains clean and functional. If you can forego these minor points, the flat is definitely the best-value offer going!	My charming apartment in a perfect base for couples or solo travellers looking for an authentic stay in Paris. Ideally located close to two metros, Bercy's cafes/restaurant and Bois de Vincennes, everything you could possibly need is right here. The apartment (19m2) comprises a small entry area, a bedroom/living room, a separate kitchen and bathroom. In the bedroom/living room is a double sofa bed, a table with four chairs and wardrobe. In the kitchen are the usual mod cons (fridge/freezer, microwave, oven etc), a double sink and storage space. In the bathroom is a toilet, sink, shower cubicle and washing machine. The flat has direct access to a communal courtyard.  Please be aware that the apartment is occupied all year round meaning it has a bit of normal wear and tear. The bathroom whilst not ultra modern (some exposed pipe work/dated tiles) remains clean and functional. If you can forego these minor points, the flat is definitely the best-value offer going! Outdoor communal courtya
13572		Studio de 21m2 au coeur de Paris entre Bastille et Gare de Lyon. Bien ensoleillé.  Canapé convertible, salle de bain: baignoire, toilettes. Cuisine (four, micro-onde, plaques chauffantes). Wifi
13573	Une vraie petite maison calme au plein cœur de Paris ! Cette maison sur cours, est un duplex cosy pouvant accueillir 2 personnes.  Située à 15-20mn du Louvre, République, le Marais et à quelques mètres du bois de Vincennes Métro Daumesnil : lignes 6 et 8 Métro Reuilly Diderot : ligne 1	Une vraie petite maison calme au plein cœur de Paris ! Cette maison sur cours, est un duplex cosy pouvant accueillir 2 personnes.  Située à 15-20mn du Louvre, République, le Marais et à quelques mètres du bois de Vincennes Une vraie petite maison calme au plein cœur de Paris ! Cette maison sur cours, est un duplex cosy pouvant accueillir 2 personnes.  Située à 15-20mn du Louvre, République, le Marais et à quelques mètres du bois de Vincennes Métro Daumesnil : lignes 6 et 8 Métro Reuilly Diderot : ligne 1 Métro Daumesnil : lignes 6 et 8 Métro Reuilly Diderot : ligne 1
13574	"Au fond d'un passage privé parisien, arboré et verdoyant, 3 pièces en rez-de-jardin, très calme et chaleureux. Grande cuisine ""rouge"" avec poutres apparentes, lave-vaisselle, four et gazinière, salon ""bleu"", très cosy et chambre ""blanche"" avec tomettes au sol,. Salle de bain-WC avec baignoire, et machine à laver. Cet appartement vous donne l'impression d'être à la campagne en pleine ville. Terrasse extérieure à partager avec les autres locataires. Très bonne ambiance de voisinage. Commerces dans la rue et marché les jeudi et dimanche juste en face. Situation idéale : vous apprécierez la proximité des quartiers de Bastille (3 stations de métro ou 15 min à pied) et Nation (1 station de métro ou 10 min à pieds), mais aussi celle du marché d'Aligre, un des marchés les moins chers et les plus pittoresques de la capitale (10 min à pieds). Proximité de"" la coulée verte"", une promenade verdoyante et du bois de Vincennes. Nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants à quelques minutes à pieds.Lignes"	Room of Bath-toilets with bathtub, and washing machine. This apartment gives the impression to you of being in the campaign(countryside) in full city. Outside terrace to share with the others tenant. Very good atmosphere of neighborhood. Businesses i
13575	Appartement avec cour privée  ( possibilité de petit dejeuner/repas à l extérieur ) au coeur de Paris. A 1 minute de la Gare de Lyon , TGV , Rer, Métro ligne 1 ( Bastille, Chatelet,  Le Marais, Louvre, Champs Élysées, la Défense...) ligne 8 , ĺigne 14... Logement refait à neuf et fonctionnel au Rez de Chaussée 	Quiet place for 2 in the center of Paris, near Gare de Lyon station and Reuilly Diderot (line 1, 8, 14, RER A (Disneyland) and RER  D). Calm and secure area, lively with restaurants and bars. On the ground floor with a private large terrace (10m2). 
13576	"Sunny, calm apartment close to metro & Bastille"" The Space Light-filled studio apartment in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, close to Bastille and the beautiful “coulé verte” (a promenade with tree-lined walkways and hanging gardens, stretching 4km through the city). The apartment features an equipped kitchenette including refrigerator and washing machine. Free, high-speed wifi and TV with French & international channels."	"The Space Light-filled studio apartment in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, close to Nation and the beautiful “coulé verte”. The apartment features an equipped kitchenette including refrigerator and washing machine. Free, high-speed wifi and TV. Sunny, calm apartment close to metro & Bastille"" The Space Light-filled studio apartment in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, close to Bastille and the beautiful “coulé verte” (a promenade with tree-lined walkways and hanging gardens, stretching 4km through the city). The apartment features an equipped kitchenette including refrigerator and washing machine. Free, high-speed wifi and TV with French & international channels. Guests have full use of the entire apartment including cupboards & closets, which are kept clean of personal affairs for maximum guest convenience I live 10 minutes away, and am available for any questions or assistance. I’ll be delighted to welcome you whenever possible, and on those rare occasions when I can’t, you’ll be g"
13577	Appartement tout confort, meublé de 2 pièces (30m²) proche de toutes commodités. L'appartement comporte : - une cuisine équipée en électroménager (micro-onde, four, frigo, congélateur, plaques électriques, grille-pain) ainsi qu'en vaisselle (assiettes, couverts, casseroles, poêles et ustensiles divers)  - un salon avec un canapé 2 places, une table basse et télévision - une chambre avec un lit deux places, une armoire, un bureau - une salle d’eau avec douche et WC L’appartement est situé au rez-de-chaussée, donnant sur cour intérieure. L'appartement est initialement prévu pour 2 personnes. Pour ceux qui le souhaitent, j'offre la possibilité d'accueillir 1 personne supplémentaire en mettant à votre disposition 1 matelas d'appoint.	Appartement tout confort, meublé de 2 pièces (30m²) proche de toutes commodités. L'appartement comporte : - une cuisine équipée en électroménager (micro-onde, four, frigo, congélateur, plaques électriques, grille-pain) ainsi qu'en vaisselle (assiettes, couverts, casseroles, poêles et ustensiles divers)  - un salon avec un canapé 2 places, une table basse et télévision - une chambre avec un lit deux places, une armoire, un bureau - une salle d’eau avec douche et WC L’appartement est situé au rez-de-chaussée, donnant sur cour intérieure. L'appartement est initialement prévu pour 2 personnes. Pour ceux qui le souhaitent, j'offre la possibilité d'accueillir 1 personne supplémentaire en mettant à votre disposition 1 matelas d'appoint. Je mets à votre disposition :  -fer et planche à repasser.  -machine à laver  -draps et serviettes de bain  -le wifi est inclus N'hésitez pas à me contacter via Airbnb, mais aussi par mail ou sur mon portable. Nation est un quartier animé grâce aux bars situés
13578	"This apartment is pleasant ; floor heating, very quiet : double glazing. No direct ""vis- à-vis"". It overlooks ""la coulée verte"" This apartment is ideally located : you're in Paris and you can also enjoy the Bois de Vincennes (5min) : Nature at your fingertips"	"    I offer you this flat ; 2 rooms, 35 square meters, new condition with a beautiful fully equipped kitchen, a living room, a bedroom and a nice bathroom . This apartment is close to the subway porte dorée (line 8) or tram T3 porte de charenton          This apartment is pleasant ; floor heating, very quiet : double glazing. No direct ""vis- à-vis"". It overlooks ""la coulée verte"" This apartment is ideally located : you're in Paris and you can also enjoy the Bois de Vincennes (5min) : Nature at your fingertips The whole apartment is available I will be available any time during your stay for any questions about the apartment or more broadly ; your stay in Paris"
13579	Large high 4m ceiling studio apartment. Quiet airy and sunny  through out the day ! Large front window that looks at the back patio. Our studio is equipped with Internet, Cable TV, washing machine, microwave, cooker if you wish to prepare a meal, bluetooth sound system.a Located on the 1st floor you can enter via stairs or we also have communal lift which can bring you to the 1st floor. Great neighbourhood minute walk from famous French Bakery and supermarket that is open until 9pm.  Close to Metro, restaurants walking distance from Marais.	Architect designed studio, close to Bastille metro. Ideal for 2 people: self-contained, located on the first floor with lift access. 35sqm with 4m high ceiling airy living space, open kitchen area seats 4, comfortable shower room.Wifi, cable TV WM, Large high 4m ceiling studio apartment. Quiet airy and sunny  through out the day ! Large front window that looks at the back patio. Our studio is equipped with Internet, Cable TV, washing machine, microwave, cooker if you wish to prepare a meal, bluetooth sound system.a Located on the 1st floor you can enter via stairs or we also have communal lift which can bring you to the 1st floor. Great neighbourhood minute walk from famous French Bakery and supermarket that is open until 9pm.  Close to Metro, restaurants walking distance from Marais. Pin code on entrance  Lift and stairs As much as you require happy to help you with advice how to travel and visit places during your stay in Paris. Well located and close to Marais bakery's, metro, super
13580		Peaceful, clean and bright 45 m² flat  (1 min walk from metro station). 1 large living room, 1 double bedroom and separated Kitchen. Fully equiped : Sattelite Flat scree TV, WI-FI, washing machine & dryed.
13581	-Furnished apartment of 32m square welcoming and cosy being able to accommodate 4 people in quiet street, in 5 minutes of the wood of Vincennes. Completed for two couples or a couple with child. - the apartment is a rez of road and it contains a main room including a sofa bed with meridian line.  - separate kitchen and any outing (Barkeeper, coffeepot), fridge, freezer, cooktops, oven with microwave. - bathroom with shower. - bedroom with double bed and dressing room. - well isolated apartment, makes windows in double glazing, in recent electric heating. 	Furnished apartment of 32m square welcoming and cosy being able to accommodate 4 people in quiet street, in 5 minutes of the wood of Vincennes. Completed for two couples or a couple with child. -Furnished apartment of 32m square welcoming and cosy being able to accommodate 4 people in quiet street, in 5 minutes of the wood of Vincennes. Completed for two couples or a couple with child. - the apartment is a rez of road and it contains a main room including a sofa bed with meridian line.  - separate kitchen and any outing (Barkeeper, coffeepot), fridge, freezer, cooktops, oven with microwave. - bathroom with shower. - bedroom with double bed and dressing room. - well isolated apartment, makes windows in double glazing, in recent electric heating. - The apartment is non-smoking.  - Your animals are welcome if they are well brought up. - I wait before any people that they take care of my apartment. -Even if I not live in the apartment, I am not very far from it - I am reachable by telephon
13582	The flat is quiet and peaceful, so it's perfect for relaxing and having a great night sleep. - Living room with sofa, TV, dining table with chairs and balcony - Nice bedroom with queen bed, roller shutter and sunlight at the morning - Fully equipped and separate kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, washing machines, induction cooktop, oven, toaster, cutlery sets, pots, pans and all other necessary cooking utensils ! - Tidy bathroom with shower and toilets /!\ 5th floor without lift	This is a light and quiet one bedroom apartment, with great transport links to the city centre, tourist attractions and nightlife. The entire flat is yours to use during your stay and I want you to feel like you are in a home from home. Less than 3 minutes walk from Nation station (lines 1, 2, 6, 9 and RER A) /!\ 5th floor without lift The flat is quiet and peaceful, so it's perfect for relaxing and having a great night sleep. - Living room with sofa, TV, dining table with chairs and balcony - Nice bedroom with queen bed, roller shutter and sunlight at the morning - Fully equipped and separate kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, washing machines, induction cooktop, oven, toaster, cutlery sets, pots, pans and all other necessary cooking utensils ! - Tidy bathroom with shower and toilets /!\ 5th floor without lift I can give you lots of information in advance for your trip to the city - just let me know what you're interested in! At 250m from Nation station, which means : - 15min from Gare 
13583	logement calme et lumineux sans vis à vis dans immeuble ancien refait à neuf.	logement calme et lumineux sans vis à vis dans immeuble ancien refait à neuf.
13584		LIU HOME
13585	En face du parc de Bercy, très calme et à 10 minutes de châtelet  seulement. Accès facile au métro à moins de 2 minutes. Tout confort, cuisine, TV, ordinateur, wifi, balcon, lave linge et même piano ! 	null
13586		I live in the 12th area in Paris, which is two-minute walk from metro line 8. The apartment is so cute. There is a big living room. Two bedrooms(I'd like to rent one), one toilet, one bathroom, one balcony and one big kitchen.
13587	Our apartment is in a typical old Parisian building. We have a pretty big place for Paris. The room to rent is small, but pretty and quiet. We have a big kitchen, with a big coach and a dinner table.	I'm subletting my room in Paris from June 11th to July 8th - four weeks. It's located in the 12th arrondissement, not too far from Bastille. I have three flatmates, who are nice and helpful. The room is 8 sqm. It's furnished. There is one big kitchen Our apartment is in a typical old Parisian building. We have a pretty big place for Paris. The room to rent is small, but pretty and quiet. We have a big kitchen, with a big coach and a dinner table. You will have access to all the shared rooms, so the kitchen and the bathroom. You can use the washing machine, and of course the oven, the fridge... I have three flatmates who will be there when I will be away. There are two men (French) and one woman (Japanese). They are all warm and welcoming. We spend a lot of time together, so if you want to, you could join them for a night out or some visits. They speak French, English, Spanish and Japanese. It's very nice area of Paris. It's not in the touristic city center, so it's pretty quiet, but th
13588	Very beautiful room, spacious, with a lot of day light, and quiet. Double bed. In a big apartment, 65m2, new, 6th floor with lift, and a balcony. The sun is in the living-room in the morning and in the room the afternoon. Very well situated, 5min away from Metro station Nation (very quick to go to the centre of Paris, métro lines 1, 2, 6, 9, and RER A), and station Montgallet (métro line 8). Is situated near all the shops you need but in a very quiet street. the area is very nice, 5 min from the park Jardin de Reuilly and the Promenade Plantée, a green path which will bring you to Bastille place in 20 min walk. 	Very beautiful and spacious room, quiet and with a lot of light, double bed, in a charming 65m2 flat, in the heart of Paris. 12th district, Nation.    Very beautiful room, spacious, with a lot of day light, and quiet. Double bed. In a big apartment, 65m2, new, 6th floor with lift, and a balcony. The sun is in the living-room in the morning and in the room the afternoon. Very well situated, 5min away from Metro station Nation (very quick to go to the centre of Paris, métro lines 1, 2, 6, 9, and RER A), and station Montgallet (métro line 8). Is situated near all the shops you need but in a very quiet street. the area is very nice, 5 min from the park Jardin de Reuilly and the Promenade Plantée, a green path which will bring you to Bastille place in 20 min walk. The flat is equipped with wifi, a phone line you can use to call landlines of many countries for free (United Stated, UK, ...). The kitchen is well equipped, with oven, microwave, fridge, wash-machine, induction hob. PLEASE do com
13589	1 bed-2 persons 1 sofa-1 person 1 additionnal bedding for 2 kids	This is a bright redesigned duplex loft above a green and quiet courtyard close to the Paris Nation place and all means of transport. This 70 square meter flat will allow you to have a good stay in confort. 1 bed-2 persons 1 sofa-1 person 1 additionnal bedding for 2 kids Metro line 1 - 2 - 6 - 9 RER train line A (direct to Disneyland Paris) Tramway 3a - 3b
13590	The accommodation is comfortable, with underfloor heating, in a small paved impasse	Studio about 18m2 in a quiet but close to all amenities street. Very bright, overlooks short. All furnished, a piano  and I also left my bike at disposal. The accommodation is comfortable, with underfloor heating, in a small paved impasse Close to 2 metro lines 1 and 7 and T3 tramway A nearby shopping street with good butcher, fishmonger,  good bakery... The apartment is located 5 minute from the Bois de Vincennes. If you are athletic so you can go running in minutes in the wood. A pool also 400m
13591	This is a studio seperated with kitchen room and bathroom.  Very light with big window	***Only for feminin cosy and fully-equipped studio. 3 mins walking from Métro line 1/8.  Best location for traveling! 5-10 mins to quartier Marais, Bastille, Notre dame, Musee du Louvre, Pompidou. Ask me in English, en français, 또는 한국어로 문의 주세요. This is a studio seperated with kitchen room and bathroom.  Very light with big window Kitchen if you clean after cooking :) Security. Just 3mins to Metro, bakery, market, bar, restaurant... **** Should let me know your ARRIVAL TIME AND DEPARTURE TIME before booking ****
13592	"New apartment 3 rooms of 50m2 very bright, near Bastille, Ile St Louis. Ideal for family with 2 children. The apartment is located in a secure building with guardian and deus digicodes building.  At the last (website hidden), stereo, internet, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge and freezer, microwave.  Sheets, towels. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms. Master bedroom with double bed and a children's room with two single beds. 10 minutes from the Marais, Notre Dame, Canal St Martin. 200 m you will find the (website hidden) Paul Le Marais district is very pleasant to have a drink, make a restaurant, or shopping (large and small) as well as numerous antique shops. The nearest metro is ""Bastille"" in less than two minutes. There are Velib and Autolib stations all around the apartment. Not to miss at the end of the street you have the port of Arsenal for a wonderful boat ride through Paris. We remind you that the walls of Parisian apartments are very thin, so it is important not to distu"	"New apartment 3 rooms of 50m2 very bright, near Bastille, Ile St Louis. Ideal for family with 2 children. The apartment is located in a secure building with guardian and deus digicodes building.  At the last (website hidden), stereo, internet, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge and freezer, microwave.  Sheets, towels. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms. Master bedroom with double bed and a children's room with two single beds. 10 minutes from the Marais, Notre Dame, Canal St Martin. 200 m you will find the (website hidden) Paul Le Marais district is very pleasant to have a drink, make a restaurant, or shopping (large and small) as well as numerous antique shops. The nearest metro is ""Bastille"" in less than two minutes. There are Velib and Autolib stations all around the apartment. Not to miss at the end of the street you have the port of Arsenal for a wonderful boat ride through Paris. We remind you that the walls of Parisian apartments are very thin, so it is important not to distu"
13593	"Charming 2 rooms apartment (60 m2 – 650 sqft), at the 7eme and last floor (with an elevator). Double-room living room, a fully equipped kitchen overlooking a courtyard, a very quiet bedroom (courtyard too) with a large comfortable bed (big size), bathroom with bathtub/shower, toilet. The benefits of this apartment are : cozy atmosphere (old parquet, wood) , very quiet, very bright and sunny, top floor with an unobstructed view on a pretty square. It’s in a typical Parisian building, in a rather ""chic"" neighborhood, both very commercial, but quiet living. The church nearby and its bell ringing in the morning is lovely. Equipment: oven, hob, microwave oven, washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, crockery and cutlery, utensils. Large TV (127 cm), bluray/DVD player, TV with cable and free high speed wifi internet access.. You can use basic products (coffee /tea/sugar/oil/vinegar/Herbs, pod dishwasher, laundry). I will leave some Nespresso capsules. Linens a"	"Charming 2 rooms apartment, cozy atmosphere (old parquet, wood), very quiet, bright, sunny, 7th top floor with elevator. In a typical Parisian building, both chic, commercial but quiet neighborhood. 10 min from the center (Marais). 4 Lines Subway. Charming 2 rooms apartment (60 m2 – 650 sqft), at the 7eme and last floor (with an elevator). Double-room living room, a fully equipped kitchen overlooking a courtyard, a very quiet bedroom (courtyard too) with a large comfortable bed (big size), bathroom with bathtub/shower, toilet. The benefits of this apartment are : cozy atmosphere (old parquet, wood) , very quiet, very bright and sunny, top floor with an unobstructed view on a pretty square. It’s in a typical Parisian building, in a rather ""chic"" neighborhood, both very commercial, but quiet living. The church nearby and its bell ringing in the morning is lovely. Equipment: oven, hob, microwave oven, washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, crockery and cut"
13594	Clair, lumineux et reposant, le studio est en même temps au coeur de Paris, à 50m de la Place de la Nation. Au pied de l'immeuble, de très bons restaurants : sushi, thaï, italien, coquillages, oriental, et de nombreux commerçants : meilleures boulangeries de Paris, traiteurs italien et français, épiceries fines, fromagers, excellents bouchers-charcutiers de la rue du rendez-vous, Picard, supérettes.	MiniStudio architecte situé Place de la Nation Peut loger 1 à 2 personnes en double ou en twin Parquet, grande fenêtre, calme Micro-onde grill, nespresso, plaques induction. Internet wifi, Smart TV 3D, lecteur Blueray, lunettes 3D Clair, lumineux et reposant, le studio est en même temps au coeur de Paris, à 50m de la Place de la Nation. Au pied de l'immeuble, de très bons restaurants : sushi, thaï, italien, coquillages, oriental, et de nombreux commerçants : meilleures boulangeries de Paris, traiteurs italien et français, épiceries fines, fromagers, excellents bouchers-charcutiers de la rue du rendez-vous, Picard, supérettes. Logement entier avec de nombreux équipements : internet Wifi, Smart TV 3D connectée (accès à tous les réseaux sociaux directement avec la TV), lecteur blueray, lunettes 3D, cafetière nespresso, bouilloire, presse agrume, grille pain, micro onde grill, plaques induction, défroisseur vapeur. Le logement est très bien chauffé. Nous occupons ce logement de manière occ
13595	82 square meters. We own a very lightened apartment, there are no cars making noises,  our view leads to a pedestrian and very clear area.  Our neighborhood is customer-friendly bars, little traditional café...  	"Attractive home in a much friendly area. Beautiful apartment, space and surroundings. Bastille, Le Marais, Le Louvre, Champs-Élysées, and more... all that in no time! Very bright and pleasant.    82 square meters. We own a very lightened apartment, there are no cars making noises,  our view leads to a pedestrian and very clear area.  Our neighborhood is customer-friendly bars, little traditional café... 3 rooms plus extra beds if you need any, and a sofa bed. We have a washing, drying machine, a dishwasher. You can use everything you want in our house, we don't have a TV but a large mac computer. If I have the chance, I would be glad to welcome you in our home when you arrive. And if unfortunately I can't, I'll let you all of what you need to discover Paris the way I love it. I put the maps you need, my favorite spots, unusual, places adresses for adults and children and of course traditional bakeries with the most delicious ""croissants"" and ""baguettes"" ;)  Our neighborhood is ""boho-st"
13596		Hi ! I am French and I rent my little (but cute and pratical) flat in the 12th of Paris. It's perfect for one person or a couple, closed to many shops, metro, parcs and bars.  Don't hesitate to contact me for further informations !
13597	Apartment Accommodation Quiet apartment, overlooking a semi-private, cul-de-sac (Villa Saint-Mande, Paris 12th arrondissement). Sunny apartment on the 5th and last floor of a well-kept and quiet building. It can comfortably accommodate one couple (in the bedroom) plus a third person (on the large sofa bed in the living room) with plenty of closet space. A typically Parisian apartment with wooden floors and crown molding. Recently renovated.	Apartment Accommodation Quiet apartment, overlooking a semi-private, cul-de-sac (Villa Saint-Mande, Paris 12th arrondissement). Sunny apartment on the 5th and last floor of a well-kept and quiet building. It can comfortably accommodate one couple (in the bedroom) plus a third person (on the large sofa bed in the living room) with plenty of closet space. A typically Parisian apartment with wooden floors and crown molding. Recently renovated. Easily Accessible A 400 m (5-minute walk) to access metro lines 1,2,9 and RER line A, plus only 120 m (1-minute walk) to metro line 6. (...) and other sights directly accessible within minutes. Small shops, big shops, and other facilities within walking distance. Local Support My apartment is at your disposal. During your stay, I stay elsewhere nearby. So I can easily be there to welcome you and answer any questions. You will have a set of keys and are free to come and go as you please. The Neighborhood Place de la Nation, is just 400 meters away. M
13598	Couchage pas très cher, confortable et au calme!!  Permet de recevoir deux personnes. Ventilateur avec minuteur et chauffage électrique, Lave-linge et sèche linge en option. 	Bonjour à tous! Vous serez les bienvenus à Charenton le Pont au pied du métro dans une chambre seul, Centre Commercial à 2 pas, Bois de Vincennes, Parking, Tranquillité, Boulangerie, ... La chambre peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes. Couchage pas très cher, confortable et au calme!!  Permet de recevoir deux personnes. Ventilateur avec minuteur et chauffage électrique, Lave-linge et sèche linge en option. Sdb et WC à partager Wifi Nous sommes disponibles pour des conseils, mais aussi pour discuter et faire découvrir notre magnifique capitale.  Quartier calme, Proche des boutiques, des centres commerciaux, Bercy à coté (cinéma, resto, pubs, concert, patinoire...), boulangerie, restaurants très sympa et gastronomique. métro Ligne 8 arrêt Liberté sortie coté rue du colonel Chanzy. La rue du petit château est parallèle à la rue de Paris. Taxi,  Voiture avec place de stationnement (gratuit), Tram 3a Bus 351, 111 Couette et oreillers neufs.  Chambre seul sur palier.
13599		"I rent my appartment during summer Lovely appartment fully equipped in a nice neighborhood 1 queensize bed + 1 ""sofa bed"", + 2 kid's bed (1,70m long) In front of the Subway station Michel Bizot and bike station ""Velib"""
13600	Bright, calm flat though you'll have to work a bit to get there (it's on the 4th floor, but it's worth the effort I swear!).	A room at Porte Dorée in a charming flat, for one or two people. Very close to the Bois de Vincennes if you like to walk, as well as the subway if you wish to visit Paris. Bright, calm flat though you'll have to work a bit to get there (it's on the 4th floor, but it's worth the effort I swear!). You'll have access to the bathroom and the kitchen. My roommate will share the apartment with you, but don't worry she's very nice and easy to talk to! In case you need me, I do check my phone quite often. Nice, lively though calm neighborhood, with an agreeable parc in the summer, the immigration museum, the Paris aquarium and zoo... Close to grocery stores, a pharmacy, etc. Porte Dorée station (line 8 and 3a).
13601	"In the area of ""Aligre"" where you can find among the best places to eat, drink (Le Baron rouge)and near Opera Bastille, Gare de Lyon and Nation. For shopping addicts, the Faubourg Saint Antoine street is a little paradise."	"Studio 25sqm, bright and comfortable, at the foot of Aligre market, near the Place de la Bastille, Nation and Republique. You're really in the centre and it's just that Paris-feeling that you get walking through those little streets. In the area of ""Aligre"" where you can find among the best places to eat, drink (Le Baron rouge)and near Opera Bastille, Gare de Lyon and Nation. For shopping addicts, the Faubourg Saint Antoine street is a little paradise. You have access to the whole flat. We give you the keys and you're like home. But you'll have someone eto contact should there be a problem. Located 700 metres from the lively Place de la Nation, the property is 10 min walk from Gare de Lyon  and from Opéra Bastille.  If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Place de la République, 2.5 km away. Gare de Lyon is one of the suburban center of Paris. You can find there many metro lines and the RER A (connected in 10 min to Chatelet les Halles, center of Paris)"
13602		Great studio with TV and WiFi. Fully equiped kitchen and 2 person bed. Bathroom with washing machine. Great location, next to metro station Dugommier. Very friendly and safe neighbourhoud. In the middle of all kinds of shops and restaurants.
13603	A menos de um minuto a pé da ligna 1 do metro ( a que tem metros com mais frequencia e atravessa Paris de uma ponta a outra ) e a 15 minutos de metro de Chatelet . Podem dormir quatro pessoas , tenho um sofa convertivel em cama . Estar no centro e ao fim do dia estar tranquilo , a 15 minutos do bosque de vincennes e com transportes directos para a eurodisney 	um belo f2 ( 40 m quadrados) no bairro da Nation em Paris.Studio cosy dans le 12em arrondissement , a une minute du metro porte de vincennes(ligne 1) et a 5 minutes du metro picpus (ligne 6) . Je loue uniquement mon salon qui a un canapé convertible A menos de um minuto a pé da ligna 1 do metro ( a que tem metros com mais frequencia e atravessa Paris de uma ponta a outra ) e a 15 minutos de metro de Chatelet . Podem dormir quatro pessoas , tenho um sofa convertivel em cama . Estar no centro e ao fim do dia estar tranquilo , a 15 minutos do bosque de vincennes e com transportes directos para a eurodisney 
13604	Véritable 2 pièces. 1 grand salon, 1 chambre, 1 salle de bain avec toilettes séparées, 1 cuisine équipée, un lave-linge, Une place de parking souterrain peut être incluse si besoin.  L'immeuble est équipé d'un ascenseur et surveillé par un gardien. La chambre est équipée d'un vrai lit deux places. Il y a un canapé-lit dans le salon permettant d'accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaire.	Il s'agit de notre appartement personnel que nous mettons à disposition le temps de nos vacances. 44m2  avec une vraie chambre et une vraie salle de bain. Bien aménagé, récemment refait. Très proche garde Lyon et métro, à 20min à pied du Marais. Véritable 2 pièces. 1 grand salon, 1 chambre, 1 salle de bain avec toilettes séparées, 1 cuisine équipée, un lave-linge, Une place de parking souterrain peut être incluse si besoin.  L'immeuble est équipé d'un ascenseur et surveillé par un gardien. La chambre est équipée d'un vrai lit deux places. Il y a un canapé-lit dans le salon permettant d'accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaire. Les voyageurs pourront accéder à tout l'appartement puisque nous ne serons pas là. Quartier de Bercy : très proche de la Seine, de la Garde de Lyon, du Palais Omnisports, ainsi que du parc de Bercy. 2 grands cinémas à moins de 15min à pied (5 en métro). Une boulangerie et une supérette au pied de l'immeuble. Le Marais et le 11e arrondissement sont accessibles en que
13605	Lovely appartment, 4th floor, Lift, very quiet Twos rooms (2). VERY COMFORTABLE  Bed-Room (1) with king size -bed and cupboards Living-room (2) with two beds (90 x200) Large kitchen with window,  all utensils, washdisher, wash machine, american frizor, micro-wave ...All you can need. Bath-room with tube and shower Separated toilets Cable TV, internet, computer, wifi, safe Phone with illimited calls Terrace  Private Car-park Subway : line 1 : (Porte de Vincennes)  200 meters, direct Louvre, Champs-Elysées, Marais, gare de Lyon  RER A direct to Disneyland Subway : line 6 :  (Picpus) 300meters, direct Etoile, Eiffel Tower, gare Montparnasse Several buses All small shops, restaurants, groceries, bakeries, supermarkets just near  You can reach easily all you like in Paris and just  near Bois de Vincennes, lake, park... Coulée Verte, POPB Bercy Direct bus for airport Roissy-Charles de Gaulle We can help you to plane your visit...	Lovely appartment, 4th floor, Lift, very quiet Twos rooms (2). VERY COMFORTABLE  Bed-Room (1) with king size -bed and cupboards Living-room (2) with two beds (90 x200) Large kitchen with window,  all utensils, washdisher, wash machine, american frizor, micro-wave ...All you can need. Bath-room with tube and shower Separated toilets Cable TV, internet, computer, wifi, safe Phone with illimited calls Terrace  Private Car-park Subway : line 1 : (Porte de Vincennes)  200 meters, direct Louvre, Champs-Elysées, Marais, gare de Lyon  RER A direct to Disneyland Subway : line 6 :  (Picpus) 300meters, direct Etoile, Eiffel Tower, gare Montparnasse Several buses All small shops, restaurants, groceries, bakeries, supermarkets just near  You can reach easily all you like in Paris and just  near Bois de Vincennes, lake, park... Coulée Verte, POPB Bercy Direct bus for airport Roissy-Charles de Gaulle We can help you to plane your visit...
13606		Dans immeuble neuf, entre Bercy et Gare de Lyon, nous vous invitons dans notre bel appartement de 90 m². Calme, lumineux, confortable et spacieux, il vous donnera accès à tout Paris en quelques stations de métro seulement ! Il y a 2 chats à nourrir. Tous les commerces sont accessibles à pied. Un Monoprix à 3 mn. Un Gosport à 5 mn. Vin en biodynamie aux Caves de Reuilly. Vous pouvez pousser jusqu'au marché de la place Aligre à 15 mn à pied : couleur et exotisme au rendez-vous ! Ne manquez pas les superbes jardins de Bercy et celui de Reuilly d'où vous pourrez rejoindre la Coulée Verte, poumon de verdure en plein Paris ... à 5 mn à pieds ! Idéal pour aller faire une ballade en barque au lac de Vincennes. Vous pouvez vous rendre à pied aux métros Dugommier, Montgallet, Bercy et à Gare de Lyon. Stations autolib à 2 mn à pied
13607	Deux-pièces pouvant accueillir 2 personnes avec tout le confort nécessaire à disposition pour permettre aux hôtes de vivre comme de vrais parisiens!	"Charming  & Cosy 2-room flat (38m²), built in the typical Haussmann-style, offering an amazing view of ""la Coulée verte"".  Calm and near of one of the most popular area of Paris, you will enjoy the Parisian lifestyle.  Guests can freely use the kitchen to simmer good dishes.  You can enjoy the Bastille, Charonne and Oberkampf areas nightlife.  You can visit the artisans hosted in the Viaduct of Arts and have a promenade on ""la Coulée Verte"", and do your shpooing at the Aligre marketplace.  Close to subway lines 1, 6, 8. "
13608	L'appartement, un 3 pièces avec balcon filant est situé au 2eme étage d'un immeuble calme et sécurisé. Récemment refait à neuf, vous disposerez du charme de l'ancien (moulures et parquets) et du moderne (mobilier récent).  L'appartement dispose de 6 couchages, 2 vrais lits doubles dans les chambres et un canapé-lit Bultex dans le séjour. Linge de lit fourni. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, avec lave-vaiselle, four à micro-ondes, grille-pain, cuit-riz, boulloire, vaiselle, sel et poivre ... La salle de bain est composée d'une douche, d'un lavabo, d'une machine à laver et d'un sèche-linge. Serviettes et savon à votre disposition. Connexion WIFI et TV.	Our home is a lovely, newly renovated 3 rooms apartment. It's well located : close from gare de lyon and direct by bus from roissy cdg airport.The apartment is ideal for a family of 4-6 people for a week-end, a week or more in Paris. We will be here to explain that you have to know. The neighborhood is young and lively with many things to discover. Gare de Lyon (5 min) - Lines 1, 14 and RER A, D Bus (phone number hidden) and 91 Ledru-Rollin (5 min) - Line 8 Bus 86 and 76 Easy acces to Auterlitz Train Station and Montparnasse Train Station with the bus 91, to Nord Train Station with RER D and St Lazare Train Station with L14. Charles De Gaulle Airport with Air-France Bus number 4 from Gare de Lyon. La ligne 1 dessert une grande partie des sites touristiques de la capitale ( l'Hotêl de Ville, Le Louvre, Les Tuilleries, Les Champes Elysées, etc. ) très facilement. Et au bout de la rue : Station Velib'
13609	Hello, I rent my F2 (living room and bedroom) situated in the 12th arrondissement of Paris (metro Reuilly Diderot). The apartment is bright and furnished, close to bars and restaurants and transports (1,2,6,8,9 Metro, RER A). It is 40 m², the bathroom is equipped with a cabin shower, washing machine etc.. The room is spacious with a double bed and in the living room there is a convertible couch where a kid could sleep. You take a 15 minute walk and you are at Bastille, 10 minutes more and you reach les quais de Seine. You need 10 minutes to go to Chatelet by Metro, 15 to Saint Michel. All interesting spots in Paris are close basically, so coming home at night by uber/taxi or a night bus is easy. The flat is freshly painted and a cleaning woman is keeping the place clean. Have a good vacation :)	Cosy flat, perfect for a couple. In authentic Parisian building with elevator, on a calm street close to Nation, Bastille, Gare de Lyon. Public transports nearby, 15 min by walk to reach la Seine.  Hello, I rent my F2 (living room and bedroom) situated in the 12th arrondissement of Paris (metro Reuilly Diderot). The apartment is bright and furnished, close to bars and restaurants and transports (1,2,6,8,9 Metro, RER A). It is 40 m², the bathroom is equipped with a cabin shower, washing machine etc.. The room is spacious with a double bed and in the living room there is a convertible couch where a kid could sleep. You take a 15 minute walk and you are at Bastille, 10 minutes more and you reach les quais de Seine. You need 10 minutes to go to Chatelet by Metro, 15 to Saint Michel. All interesting spots in Paris are close basically, so coming home at night by uber/taxi or a night bus is easy. The flat is freshly painted and a cleaning woman is keeping the place clean. Have a good vacation
13610	Une grande chambre calme, spacieuse et confortable dans un bel immeuble typiquement bourgeois parisien. Balcon avec jolie vue au dessus des arbres. Cuisine toute équipée avec lave linge et sèche linge. Salle de douche petite mais fonctionnelle et agréable. W.c indépendants. Ascenseur.	"Entre Bastille et Gare de Lyon, a 100 m du métro Ledru Rollin et du marché d'Aligre, une grande chambre lumineuse vous attend au sein d'un appartement dans un bel immeuble bourgeois calme. Cuisine toute équipée et salle de douche sont a partager. Une grande chambre calme, spacieuse et confortable dans un bel immeuble typiquement bourgeois parisien. Balcon avec jolie vue au dessus des arbres. Cuisine toute équipée avec lave linge et sèche linge. Salle de douche petite mais fonctionnelle et agréable. W.c indépendants. Ascenseur. Cuisine toute équipée avec lave vaisselle, lave linge et sèche linge. Partage de la salle de bain. WC indépendants. j'habite Paris depuis 35 ans et je connais le quartier comme ma poche !  Bonnes adresses et bons plans seront au rendez-vous ! Un des quartiers les plus branchés de Paris, entre Bastille et Gare de Lyon... A 100 m du métro, et 50 m d'une station Vélib. Le faubourg Saint Antoine est un quartier authentique agrémenté d'un vrai shopping ""bobo"". Animé d"
13611	Hello, Nice and very cosy apartment with a living room, a bedroom and a fully-equipped (website hidden), DVD player, FREE WIFI. The flat is well situated in Paris. It is close to lively areas such as Bastille and other Parisian attractions (Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Tropical Aquarium...). You will find nearby supermarkets, a bakery, a subway station and a bus stop (daytime/nightime). It has a capacity of 2 people  The extra: BREAKFAST IS OFFERED YOU WILL FIND YOURSELF AT HOME!!!!!!!! Bonjour, Joli petit appartement très cosy et bien situé dans Paris.  Il se compose d'un salon, une chambre et une cuisine (website hidden), lecteur DVD et internet gratuit. Il est proche de quartiers animés comme Bastille et autres attractions parisiennes Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Tropical Aquarium...). Vous trouverez à proximité un supermarché, une boulangerie, station de métro et arrêt de bus jour/nuit. Idéal pour un couple,  Petit extra : le petit-déjeuner est offert.	Hello, Nice and very cosy apartment with a living room, a bedroom and a fully-equipped (website hidden), DVD player, FREE WIFI. The flat is well situated in Paris. It is close to lively areas such as Bastille and other Parisian attractions (Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Tropical Aquarium...). You will find nearby supermarkets, a bakery, a subway station and a bus stop (daytime/nightime). It has a capacity of 2 people  The extra: BREAKFAST IS OFFERED YOU WILL FIND YOURSELF AT HOME!!!!!!!! Bonjour, Joli petit appartement très cosy et bien situé dans Paris.  Il se compose d'un salon, une chambre et une cuisine (website hidden), lecteur DVD et internet gratuit. Il est proche de quartiers animés comme Bastille et autres attractions parisiennes Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Tropical Aquarium...). Vous trouverez à proximité un supermarché, une boulangerie, station de métro et arrêt de bus jour/nuit. Idéal pour un couple,  Petit extra : le petit-déjeuner est offert.
13612	Located in the heart of Paris (twelfth district) , closed from all the public transports (bus, metro and train) and closed also from many supermarkets and restaurants. There are two separated rooms : one is the bedroom with a bed for 2 adults and the other one is the lounge & diner room with a sofa bed) +  Bathroom with a shower  + Kitchen fully furnished (oven, microwave, refrigerator with deep freeze, coffee machine,...)  + Separate toilets.  Linen and bath towels are provided. I make a point of honor to provide you with impeccable accommodation on its cleanliness and its bedding. You are only at 10 minutes by tube from the Champs-Elysées and from many famous Paris monuments (Le Louvre museum , Eiffel Tower, Notre-Dame cathedral, Sacré-Coeur basilica, ...). One hour from castle of Versailles.	Flat (40m2) with 2 separate rooms:  - A bedroom with a bed for 2 adults and  - A lounge/dinner room. Flat located in a courtyard. Closed from all public transports (bus, metro, RER). Many supermarkets and restaurants around. Located in the heart of Paris (twelfth district) , closed from all the public transports (bus, metro and train) and closed also from many supermarkets and restaurants. There are two separated rooms : one is the bedroom with a bed for 2 adults and the other one is the lounge & diner room with a sofa bed) +  Bathroom with a shower  + Kitchen fully furnished (oven, microwave, refrigerator with deep freeze, coffee machine,...)  + Separate toilets.  Linen and bath towels are provided. I make a point of honor to provide you with impeccable accommodation on its cleanliness and its bedding. You are only at 10 minutes by tube from the Champs-Elysées and from many famous Paris monuments (Le Louvre museum , Eiffel Tower, Notre-Dame cathedral, Sacré-Coeur basilica, ...). One h
13613	Cozy appartement of 15m2 in the center of Paris (12th district), 5 min walking from the Gare de Lyon. 2 min from the Velib' (bicycle) station and the Gare de Lyon 15 min walking distance from the Marais (gay district) 20 min walking distance from the Louvre Museum 20 min walking distance from the Galeries Lafayette etc. Free sheets and towels inside. The district if full of nice restaurants and bars. You'll have a great time around here :). And the area is really safe, even during the night. Don't go in the upper north of Paris :) It's a 15 m2 place with a very little bathroom (how can it be smaller?) with a shower and a sink. There is also a small kitchen with a microwave, a toaster and a coffee machine. It's a cute place perfect for couples. Utilities : WIFI, TV, CABLE, FRIDGE, MICROWAVE, COFFEE MACHINE... If you have any questions feel free to contact me. à bientôt! Benji	Cozy appartement of 15m2 in the center of Paris (12th district), 5 min walking from the Gare de Lyon. 2 min from the Velib' (bicycle) station and the Gare de Lyon 15 min walking distance from the Marais (gay district) 20 min walking distance from the Louvre Museum 20 min walking distance from the Galeries Lafayette etc. Free sheets and towels inside. The district if full of nice restaurants and bars. You'll have a great time around here :). And the area is really safe, even during the night. Don't go in the upper north of Paris :) It's a 15 m2 place with a very little bathroom (how can it be smaller?) with a shower and a sink. There is also a small kitchen with a microwave, a toaster and a coffee machine. It's a cute place perfect for couples. Utilities : WIFI, TV, CABLE, FRIDGE, MICROWAVE, COFFEE MACHINE... If you have any questions feel free to contact me. à bientôt! Benji For the toilets : Just put paper inside of the toilets. It's a built-in grinder toilet. So any other material co
13614	Really Charming house for a couple, and also pleasant for a family travel in Paris. Closed to Place de la Bastille. Airport connection easy. The house have 3 levels.  Second floor :  1 bedroom with a double bed and shower room.   First floor :  2 bedrooms for friends or children's. 1 with a double bed and 1 with a single bed. And a Bathroom. (Extra bed : A sofa bed for 2 and  mattress Futon for 1).  (little bed for kid possible) To sum up : Bed for 5 and possibility to be 7 or 8. Two bathrooms 1 with bath, 1 with  shower, toilette ay each floor.  Ground floor : Kitchen and living.  (No smoking and no animal keep a sane athmosphere in the house) The house is in a quiet street of Paris in the 12 near the Bois de Vincennes (Paris green lung)   Parks, cinéma, shopping, good restaurant really close. Paris Tour Eiffel métro direct 20 minutes. Musée du Louvre to 15 min Metro Michel Bizot really closed. The Historical center of Paris at a quarter. And last thing I always do my best to receive 	Triplex dans Paris, confortable tout équipé pour 5 à 7 personnes. Cuisine, living,  3 chambres, 2 salles de bains. Idéale pour famille avec enfants. Pour visiter Paris métro à 2minutes. Accès très simple pour Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées, Le Louvre. Really Charming house for a couple, and also pleasant for a family travel in Paris. Closed to Place de la Bastille. Airport connection easy. The house have 3 levels.  Second floor :  1 bedroom with a double bed and shower room.   First floor :  2 bedrooms for friends or children's. 1 with a double bed and 1 with a single bed. And a Bathroom. (Extra bed : A sofa bed for 2 and  mattress Futon for 1).  (little bed for kid possible) To sum up : Bed for 5 and possibility to be 7 or 8. Two bathrooms 1 with bath, 1 with  shower, toilette ay each floor.  Ground floor : Kitchen and living.  (No smoking and no animal keep a sane athmosphere in the house) The house is in a quiet street of Paris in the 12 near the Bois de Vincennes (Paris green lung)   
13615	Very tastefully decorated in a classical Parisian style with furnitures coming from various antics shops, with brand new amenities, this apartment will ravish anyone looking to enjoy life in a very Parisian way.  	In the heart of Paris at Place de la Bastille, 200m away from Place des Vosges and right next to a big public transportation hub, this charming, bright and quiet apartment of over 50m2 with 2 bedrooms can accommodate 4 people (+2 on a sofa bed).  Very tastefully decorated in a classical Parisian style with furnitures coming from various antics shops, with brand new amenities, this apartment will ravish anyone looking to enjoy life in a very Parisian way.   2 bedrooms with one queen bed (140x190 cms) in each. A full and comfortable bathroom equipped with a large shower, an antic basin with a marble top, and toilets.   The kitchen is fully equipped : fridge, 3-cooker induction stove, micro-wave and traditional ovens, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine and a toaster, it also boasts a beautiful granite top.  The dining table will accommodate six people comfortably.  The living room has a sofa bed where 2 people can sleep.   The apartment also has a TV with a variety of channels in all th
13616		Spacieux appartement de 2 pièces et 57m2 tout équipé à coté de la place de la Nation proche du centre, de tout commerce et transport (RER metro et bus)
13617	Proximity of mythic Marché d'Aligre, the apartment is very sunny and bright. A joyful apartment. Nicely decorated. You will feel great after a fascinating day in Paris. You will enjoy from the typical and nice balcony the unlimited beautify Paris view. 	Charming 2 pièces, 5ème immeuble pierre de taille, balcon filant. Très lumineux. Pièce à vivre ouverte sur cuisine. Chambre lit 1,60. Salle de bain moderne. Cabine de douche 1mX1m. 2mn du métro (L. 8) et 5 mn bastille (L. 5,1). Bus.  Proximity of mythic Marché d'Aligre, the apartment is very sunny and bright. A joyful apartment. Nicely decorated. You will feel great after a fascinating day in Paris. You will enjoy from the typical and nice balcony the unlimited beautify Paris view.  You will have access to all the electronic items, CD, books, wifi. Washing machine. etc. A full well equipped kitchen. A full bathroom with a very pleasant and big shower I will be glad to have a ichat with my visitors ! I will explain them the great things about this very convenient neighborhood. I won't be in France during your stay….but everything is easy…. Very practical and convenient you can walk to the Marais. A lot of bars, restaurants, shops….. Down my street the very nice and famous Square Trousse
13618	Calme et central dans Paris	Très agréable studio 4 pers à louer -pour le mois d'aout (mini 7 jours) UNIQUEMENT. 1er étage (sur 1). Localisation idéalement sympa et centrale, sur lignes 1/A entre Gare de Lyon et Place d'Aligre, prox commerces et sorties (15' à pied de Bastille). Calme et central dans Paris Studio complet Je ne serai pas présent dans l'appartement, mais je peux passer du temps le 1er jour à la remise ses clefs. Métro et RER Gare de Lyon
13619	It is composed of two parts: - a lounge with TV, internet wireless, and a sofa bed for two people, - a bedroom with double bed, + - a fitted kitchen (fridge, microwave, oven, ... etc..) - a bathroom with a shower. 	"My apartment of 26m² is convenient, it feels really good. Whether it’s a weekend or a week, we like to enjoy. It is composed of two parts: - a lounge with TV, internet wireless, and a sofa bed for two people, - a bedroom with double bed, + - a fitted kitchen (fridge, microwave, oven, ... etc..) - a bathroom with a shower. If you are in the Orly airport, you take a shuttle airfrance. 'll drop you off at the ""Place Denfert-Rochereau"" / correspondence / After you take the RER-B from the Denfert-Rochereau station to Châtelet-les-Halles station, direction Aéroport Charles de Gaulle 2 TGV/ correspondence / Then take the RER A to Gare de Lyon station. Finally, you should take the exit n ° 1. When you are outside, you will find in front of you ""Rue de Lyon"". The building is located at 9. ----- If you are in the Roissy Charles-De-Gaules airport, you take a shuttle airfrance (12€) directly to ""Gare de Lyon station"". Or, you take a the RER-B to Châtelet les-Halles station / correspondence / Then "
13620		Cet appartement lumineux et clair donne sur une cour intérieure et offre donc beaucoup de tranquilité. Bien équipé, propre, proche des métros 6,8 et 14, il fera le bonheur des voyageurs souhaitant visiter Paris à petit prix! A tout ce qu'offre l'appartement: machine à laver / cuisine équipée/ micro onde/ linge de maison/ télévisions Toutes commodités et commerces ( supermarché / boulangeries/ pizzeria/pressing...)
13621	Appartement entièrement refait à neuf début. Août 2015 avec des matériaux de qualité et dans un esprit industriel revisité	Situé dans le quartier vivant et branché de la Bastille, appartement tranquille confortable et lumineux au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. En plein cœur de Paris, les principaux sites touristiques sont accessibles à pieds. Bien desservi par le métro (5 lignes), bus, vélib et gares.Wifi haut débit . Appartement entièrement refait à neuf début. Août 2015 avec des matériaux de qualité et dans un esprit industriel revisité Appartement entier situe au 5ème étage avec ascenseur digicode et gardienne Free Wifi and cable TV avialable. I Provide my guets with clean towels And linens. Nous aurons grand plaisir à accueillir nos hôtes et à les aider si nécessaire . Connaissant très bien le quartier nous sommes prêts à partager nos bons plans. Quartier vivant de jour comme de nuit Shopping dans le marais,mode rue St Antoine,marche bd Richard Lenoir le jeudi et le dimanche  Culture les musées Picasso .beaubourg ,,,,,opéra Bastille place des Vosges etc. La nuit les nombreux bars et restaurants des rues de
13622	Grand sejour, chambre avec balcon, meubles design, tres calme et lumineux, vue panoramique au dernier étage, baignoire, residence securisée, parking gratuit, WC séparé.	joli 60m2 chaleureux et lumineux + 12m2 avec 2 balcons, orientation sud et ouest, dernier étage avec une vue magnifique sur tout Paris  résidence sécurisée, proche métro et RER linges fournis ménage en fin de séjour de 50€ Grand sejour, chambre avec balcon, meubles design, tres calme et lumineux, vue panoramique au dernier étage, baignoire, residence securisée, parking gratuit, WC séparé. Acces direct depuis la gare de Lyon et facile gare du Nord, et aeroport CDG et Orly. Accueil et remise des clés, fin de séjour. Joignable en cas de besoin toute la duree de la semaine. Nous sommes prets à vous donner nos bons plans (visites et restaurants) en anglais et en espagnol. A 3 minutes du metro: Métro + RER  : Nation  (ligne 1, 2, 6, 9) Métro Montgallet (ligne 8) Métro Picpus (ligne 6) Métro Daumesnil (ligne 6 et 8) 1 500€ de caution
13623		Appartement typique parisien, 2 pièces avec toutes commodités proche des commerces et desservi par différents transports communs (métro 6, 8, tram 3a). Situé à proximité de la Gare de Lyon. Peut accueillir 3 personnes pour un séjour dans la capitale. Je suis à la disposition des voyageurs pour leur accueuil si besoin, et tout au long de leur séjour. Le quartier est très convivial, avec toutes les commodités à proximités et le lac Daumesnil à 10min et le Parc du Chateau de Vincennes à 20min (à pieds). Pas de mal de bon petits restos et terrasses pour des aprem cafés. Le logement est à proximité de divers transports en commun.
13624	Calme et confortable dans immeuble bien entretenu et surveillé. 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Grandes fenêtres, lumineux, double vitrage. Composé d'une chambre séparée avec lit double, une SDB et un séjour avec kitchenette. Tout équipé : wifi, TV, DVD, plaque induction, micro-onde, four. Lavomatique sous les fenêtres. Métro Bel Air proche Daumesnil et Nation. Quartier sympa, tranquille et facilement accessible. Nombreux métros et bus, station velib en bas.  A 10 min à pied du lac de Vincennes. Non fumeur et animaux non acceptés. Appartement idéal lorsque l'on a traîné toute la journée dans l'agitation parisienne et que l'on veut se reposer et se ressourcer. Très bien isolé, l'appartement reste silencieux et FRAIS l'été! 	2 pièces de 30 m2 au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Grandes fenêtres, lumineux, double vitrage. Chambre séparée avec lit double, SDB et séjour avec kitchenette. Equipé : wifi, TV, DVD, induction, four, micro-onde. M Daumesnil ou Bel Air. Calme et confortable dans immeuble bien entretenu et surveillé. 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Grandes fenêtres, lumineux, double vitrage. Composé d'une chambre séparée avec lit double, une SDB et un séjour avec kitchenette. Tout équipé : wifi, TV, DVD, plaque induction, micro-onde, four. Lavomatique sous les fenêtres. Métro Bel Air proche Daumesnil et Nation. Quartier sympa, tranquille et facilement accessible. Nombreux métros et bus, station velib en bas.  A 10 min à pied du lac de Vincennes. Non fumeur et animaux non acceptés. Appartement idéal lorsque l'on a traîné toute la journée dans l'agitation parisienne et que l'on veut se reposer et se ressourcer. Très bien isolé, l'appartement reste silencieux et FRAIS l'été! Logement entier. Je serai en vacances d
13625	 The district is reassured(secured) and very trading (Plusieurs Franprix, bakeries, pizzerias, pharmacies, restaurants).  If you come for a concert to the Bercy sports center, you will be in 10 min in feet there!  You can also go to stroll and to discover numerous nice restaurants Courts St Emilion, in 8 min in feet since the studio.	Charming studio of 25 m2 in 12 e district of Paris.  Done up like new in 2013, completely furnished (TV, washing machine, refrigerator, oven, internet) and equipped tastefully. It cosy studio can welcome 2 people The district is reassured(secured) and very trading (Plusieurs Franprix, bakeries, pizzerias, pharmacies, restaurants).  If you come for a concert to the Bercy sports center, you will be in 10 min in feet there!  You can also go to stroll and to discover numerous nice restaurants Courts St Emilion, in 8 min in feet since the studio.
13626	L'appartement est très agréable à vivre. Il est cosy, calme et très fonctionnel. Décoration simple mais chaleureuse. 	Charmant studio près de Bercy (5 min à pied) et gare de Lyon (15min à pied). Il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Quartier tranquille, agréable, avec commerces proches et station de métro à 50 mètres (ligne 6, Dugommier). Télévision et accès internet. L'appartement est très agréable à vivre. Il est cosy, calme et très fonctionnel. Décoration simple mais chaleureuse.  Accès Internet Wifi (pas de box, mais des codes Free Wifi), Télévision. Le nécessaire pour se préparer le petit-déjeuner. Draps et serviettes propres fournis.  Gel douche, shampoing, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser et lisseur. Je suis disponible 24h/24 par téléphone s'il y a le moindre problème et si je ne suis pas sur place, une amie peut se déplacer. Le 12ème arrondissement est très agréable, calme. Vous disposez d'une station Vélib' et Autolib' à côté de l'appartement. Le logement se trouve à 5 min à pied de la gare de Bercy et à 15 min à pied de la gare de Lyon.  Vous disposez de tous les commerces à proximité (supermarché, p
13627	Nice furnished apartment of 40m2 in the area of Reuilly Diderot, in the heart the 12th arrondissement. 4th floor, on very calm courtyard, very nice and bright apartment. You will find: - A bedroom with double bed (140cm) - A living room with sofa bed and a dining table. - A bathroom with shower, small bath and toilet - Separate kitchen.	Nice apartment of 40m2, quiet in the 12th arrondissement of Paris. Ideally located between Bastille and Gare de Lyon. 5 minutes walk from the metro Reuilly-Diderot (line 1 and 8). Quiet but lively district, shops, restaurants and cafes nearby. Nice furnished apartment of 40m2 in the area of Reuilly Diderot, in the heart the 12th arrondissement. 4th floor, on very calm courtyard, very nice and bright apartment. You will find: - A bedroom with double bed (140cm) - A living room with sofa bed and a dining table. - A bathroom with shower, small bath and toilet - Separate kitchen. You will have access to the entire apartment. I answer by email to all your questions. I will do my best to accommodate you and give you the keys of the apartment Quiet but lively! Nearby you will find a lot of shops (supermarkets, bakeries, butchers, ...) as well as restaurants / brasseries and bars. The famous Aligre market open 6 days out of 7 is located 3 minutes walk from the apartment The area is well connec
13628	Appartement de type Loft aux volumes atypiques. Déco soignée et de qualité. Calme, proche de tout et avec une petite cour: la nature dans Paris... 	Dans le quartier Bastille, Bercy, Gare de Lyon et Nation. Loft au calme et chaleureux avec sa petite terrasse pour le petit déjeuner, l'apéritif ou autres repas. Appartement lumineux et très bien équipé. Métro à 2 min. (Dugommier, Montgallet ou Daumesnil),  Gare de Lyon à 5min. Appartement de type Loft aux volumes atypiques. Déco soignée et de qualité. Calme, proche de tout et avec une petite cour: la nature dans Paris...  Vous aurez accès au wi-fi sans fil, à la machine à laver, au lave vaisselle.... Parisian appartment, in a Haussmann building. The building is accessible by a coded door. In the main room you will find a comfortable sofa, large dining table (4 people), TV and sound equipment. There is 1 large bedroom in the flat: 1 with double bed, 1 with convertible sofa suitable for 2 people. Sheets will be provided. You will have access to a fully equiped kitchen: italian coffee machine, washing machine, dishwasher, kettle, large fridge, oven ...  The bathroom is equiped with itali
13629	Bel appartement Parisien, dans un immeuble ancien plein de charme. Parquet au sol ; Moulures au plafond ; Cheminée dans le salon (16m2) très lumineux ; Cheminée dans la chambre (15m2) pleine de charme.  Cuisine équipée ; Entrée ; Salle de bain. 	Bel appartement Parisien, dans un immeuble ancien plein de charme. Parquet au sol ; Moulures au plafond ; Cheminée dans le salon (16m2) très lumineux ; Cheminée dans la chambre (15m2) pleine de charme.  Cuisine équipée ; Entrée ; Salle de bain. Le logement est situé dans le quartier Dausmesnil ; proche du bois de Vincennes et de son magnifique château. A quelques minutes de la place de la Nation.
13630	We are renting my large apartment (100 m²) on the Eastern side of Paris (12th arrondissement, métro Porte de Vincennes/Picpus, next to the Tram) during our holidays. It's a family apartment  - there are two bedrooms with king size beds+ a child bedroom with bunk beds, and a couch with sleeping for 2 in the living room, 2 bedrooms. The apartment is on the 6 and 7the floor of a 1930s building with an elevator and concierge.  The neighborhood is calm and with good public transport (métro, bus, tramway). We are 15 minutes by métro from Bastille (30 minutes walking on the Coulée Verte), 10 minutes away from Bois de Vincennes.  We are equiped with: a washing machine, a dish washer, a cable TV avec cable, WIFI. Street parking possible. Feel free to contact me for any additional information!	We are renting my large apartment (100 m²) on the Eastern side of Paris (12th arrondissement, métro Porte de Vincennes/Picpus, next to the Tram) during our holidays. It's a family apartment  - there are two bedrooms with king size beds+ a child bedroom with bunk beds, and a couch with sleeping for 2 in the living room, 2 bedrooms. The apartment is on the 6 and 7the floor of a 1930s building with an elevator and concierge.  The neighborhood is calm and with good public transport (métro, bus, tramway). We are 15 minutes by métro from Bastille (30 minutes walking on the Coulée Verte), 10 minutes away from Bois de Vincennes.  We are equiped with: a washing machine, a dish washer, a cable TV avec cable, WIFI. Street parking possible. Feel free to contact me for any additional information!
13631	"Appartement très agréable au cœur du XIIème arrondissement très bien desservi (Métro Gare de Lyon  lignes 1, 14 RER A et D) à proximité de Bastille et de la place d'Aligre. Here you find a very nice flat in the heart of the XIIth district. Close from Bastille and the Aligre market square, you will enjoy a very good location. For commodities you will find metro lines 1 and 14 - RER A and D at the metro station ""Gare de Lyon"". "	"Appartement très agréable au cœur du XIIème arrondissement très bien desservi (Métro Gare de Lyon  lignes 1, 14 RER A et D) à proximité de Bastille et de la place d'Aligre. Here you find a very nice flat in the heart of the XIIth district. Close from Bastille and the Aligre market square, you will enjoy a very good location. For commodities you will find metro lines 1 and 14 - RER A and D at the metro station ""Gare de Lyon"". A proximité directe du Marché de la place d'Aligre et de la coulée verte, vous êtes à 10mn des places de la Bastille et de la Nation. De nombreux commerces de proximité se trouvent sur place: supermarchés, boulangers, pharmaciens, ... // Close to Aligre market square and ""la coulée verte"" (very nice walking path), you are at 10min walking from Bastille and Nation squares. You 'll have access to many local markets such as supermarkets, bakeries, pharmacists, butchers, ... Métro Gare de Lyon  lignes 1, 14 RER A et D de nombreuses lignes de bus "
13632	The bedroom and living room are spacious. The layout of the apartment allows guests to have their own part of the apartment (bedroom + bathroom).	Spacious room (15m2) with balcony and private bathroom located in the heart of Paris. The apartment is on the 2nd floor. The Beauveau, which is opened every day, is located 150m from the apartment. The bedroom and living room are spacious. The layout of the apartment allows guests to have their own part of the apartment (bedroom + bathroom). Travelers have access to their private bathroom (with a bathtub and a sink). The toilet is in a separate room and will be shared with my roommate and myself. The kitchen (oven, hob, réfrigératuer, washing machine) is also made available to travelers. The apartment is located 10 minutes walk from the Seine (ideal for a ride), the Bastille (ideal for a restaurant or bar). The two closest metro stations are Gare de Lyon (line 1, line 14, RER A, RER D), and Ledru Rollin (line 8).
13633	Our apartment is located in the 12e arrondissement just 5 minutes walk from the Bois de Vincennes and 10 minutes walk from Bercy and his park . The apartment , courtyard, consists of 1 living room (with sofa bed), 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. Our neighborhood is quiet with all conveniences nearby. The tourist center of Paris is easily accessible via public transportation (aroud 20min) . We would be delighted if our apartment allows you to enjoy the capital!	Welcome to Paris ! Our cozy apartment in the 12e arrondissement, near Bercy, in a quiet street with public transport and shops nearby, can host you. In this place, you can enjoy Paris in peace ! Our apartment is located in the 12e arrondissement just 5 minutes walk from the Bois de Vincennes and 10 minutes walk from Bercy and his park . The apartment , courtyard, consists of 1 living room (with sofa bed), 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. Our neighborhood is quiet with all conveniences nearby. The tourist center of Paris is easily accessible via public transportation (aroud 20min) . We would be delighted if our apartment allows you to enjoy the capital! Throughout your stay , Coralie and I will be in Paris and available. We will try to meet you when you arrive to explain the functioning of the apartment, codes, transportations, etc. With great pleasure, Coralie, student in art history, proposes to advise you about Paris and his monuments. The 12e arrondissement is both dyn
13634	Appartement idéalement situé que ce soit pour de la villégiature ou pour le travail. Très calme, lumineux, fonctionnel, chaleureux.  Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous.	Well situated in old Paris : near Bastille place, Aligre market and Gare de Lyon. Clothe to subways and busses lines. Large living room with integrated kitchen, TV, WIFI, Bedroom, bathroom with italian shower and restrooms.
13635	Je loue ma chambre, indépendante et tout confort, dispose d'un lit double (140x200). Vous pourrez accéder librement à la salle de bain avec baignoire & machine à laver, ainsi que de la cuisine, qui dispose d'un frigo avec congélateur, lave-vaisselle, micro ondes, et électroménager divers…  L’appartement est propre joliment décoré, et je l'habite avec ma colocataire très sympathique.	Grande chambre dans bel appartement parisien de 65 m², tout équipé, en plein cœur du 12ème - idéalement situé entre Bastille, Nation et Gare de Lyon. Je loue ma chambre, indépendante et tout confort, dispose d'un lit double (140x200). Vous pourrez accéder librement à la salle de bain avec baignoire & machine à laver, ainsi que de la cuisine, qui dispose d'un frigo avec congélateur, lave-vaisselle, micro ondes, et électroménager divers…  L’appartement est propre joliment décoré, et je l'habite avec ma colocataire très sympathique. À un arrêt de métro de la Gare de Lyon et de Nation & proche de la place de la Bastille (10min à pieds). Également à 5 min d'Hotel de ville par la ligne 1 et à 10 min des grands boulevards par la ligne 8. Très proche de Bastille, de Nation et de la gare de Lyon - en face du métro Reuilly-Diderot (lignes 1 et 8).
13636	Beautiful large 2 rooms fully equipped for 4 people. On the 1st floor. Renovated by a famous Parisian architect. High speed internet, wifi, bluetooth speaker Bose. 2 LCD TV with international channels . Bedroom: king size bed Fully equipped kitchen , oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing dryer ling , induction hob , iron, iron table, fridge, Nespresso coffee and classic . Bathroom bathroom with large Italian shower and Grohe Rain Shower system .	Superb totally new housing. 1st floor & lift A double bedroom, a double sofa bed . Equipped for 4 people . Just next Bastille underground (line 1) . Ultra modern kitchen complete. Bose Bluetooth speaker . Wifi , international channels , 2 LCD TV. Beautiful large 2 rooms fully equipped for 4 people. On the 1st floor. Renovated by a famous Parisian architect. High speed internet, wifi, bluetooth speaker Bose. 2 LCD TV with international channels . Bedroom: king size bed Fully equipped kitchen , oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing dryer ling , induction hob , iron, iron table, fridge, Nespresso coffee and classic . Bathroom bathroom with large Italian shower and Grohe Rain Shower system . All the apartement is for you. Of course i will be there for your check in. I'm always around this area so very easy to help you, if needed. The historic district of Paris. Living the day or night . Many restaurants , bakery , shops ... Bar and Brasserie, bistrots day and night. Line 1 is connected to a
13637	Notre appartement de 70 m2 (situé au 4eme étage avec ascenseur) est plein de couleurs, de livres, de cadres rapportés de nos différents voyages. Il est idéal pour 4 personnes et peut accueillir 6 personnes sans problème en occupant le salon. 1 grande chambre avec lit 160*200, donnant sur la rue de Picpus assez calme  1 petite chambre avec canapé BZ 140*200 donnant sur la cour intérieure donc le calme absolu. 1 canapé convertible dans le salon de très bonne qualité (maison du convertible) 140*200 Les deux chambres sont équipées de volets roulants et permettent de dormir dans le noir total, et il y a des stores occultants dans le salon. Toute la literie et le linge de toilette sont neufs. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (lave linge, lave vaisselle, machine expresso avec broyeur...) et nous laissons tout à votre disposition (électroménager, accès wifi, imprimante etc...). L'appartement est très calme. Nous laissons également à disposition sur demande la place de parking très grande sit	Grand 3 pieces a proximité immediate des metro Nation (lignes 1-2-6-9 et RER A) et Montgallet (ligne 8). Le calme au coeur de Paris Parking dans l'immeuble.  2 chambres et canapé convertible haut de gamme. Petit balcon et vue dégagée sans vis à vis. Notre appartement de 70 m2 (situé au 4eme étage avec ascenseur) est plein de couleurs, de livres, de cadres rapportés de nos différents voyages. Il est idéal pour 4 personnes et peut accueillir 6 personnes sans problème en occupant le salon. 1 grande chambre avec lit 160*200, donnant sur la rue de Picpus assez calme  1 petite chambre avec canapé BZ 140*200 donnant sur la cour intérieure donc le calme absolu. 1 canapé convertible dans le salon de très bonne qualité (maison du convertible) 140*200 Les deux chambres sont équipées de volets roulants et permettent de dormir dans le noir total, et il y a des stores occultants dans le salon. Toute la literie et le linge de toilette sont neufs. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (lave linge, lave v
13638	Très joli 2 pièces au cœur de Paris. les pièces sont complètement séparées. Dans la chambre principale se trouve un  lit pour deux personnes, une armoire à disposition des voyageurs et un bureau. la 2eme pièce fait office de pièce à vivre avec une TV, un clic-clac qui se transforme en lit pour 2 personnes, une très grande table  pour manger, et une chauffeuse pour une personne supplémentaire. la cuisine est parfaitement équipée, et une salle de bain avec douche neuve.	Très joli 2 pièces au cœur de Paris. les pièces sont complètement séparées. Dans la chambre principale se trouve un  lit pour deux personnes, une armoire à disposition des voyageurs et un bureau. la 2eme pièce fait office de pièce à vivre avec une TV, un clic-clac qui se transforme en lit pour 2 personnes, une très grande table  pour manger, et une chauffeuse pour une personne supplémentaire. la cuisine est parfaitement équipée, et une salle de bain avec douche neuve. L'appartement est très bien situé à moins de 5mn à pieds des lignes de métro 1,2,6, 9 et le RER A, ainsi que de nombreuses lignes de bus pour accéder aux centres culturels et touristiques. Je reste à votre disposition pour vous indiquer les meilleurs plans de la capitale. Quartier très animé et sécurisé au cœur de Paris, beaucoup de restaurants et de bars ouverts 7j/7, proche du parc Daumesnil et la cour de Vincennes, excellent marché typiquement Parisien à 10mn à pieds. Place de la Bastille à 15mn à pieds (2 stations), 3
13639	Cozy flat (32 sq meter) located in Ledru-Rollin. Half way between Nation, Bastille (8 mins walk), Gare de Lyon (8 mins walk). Fully furnished flat.  At your disposal: - Nespresso machine - Washing machine - Microwave Oven  - Induction Cooktop - Flat screen TV - High speed broadband internet / Wifi - Iron + Ironing board. - Located in a building without elevator - Many transportations available: Metro 8 (Station Ledru-Rollin), Buses (76 /86 /61) - Grocery shopping (Aligre street market) and supermarket (Monoprix / Carrefour market / Auchan) - Amazing restaurants and bars all around - One of the best parisian nightclub nearby: Badaboum - Excellent bakery/pastry shop nearby NO CHECK-IN AFTER 8:30PM.	    Cozy flat (32 sq meter) located in Ledru-Rollin. Between Nation and Bastille (8 mins walk).           Cozy flat (32 sq meter) located in Ledru-Rollin. Half way between Nation, Bastille (8 mins walk), Gare de Lyon (8 mins walk). Fully furnished flat.  At your disposal: - Nespresso machine - Washing machine - Microwave Oven  - Induction Cooktop - Flat screen TV - High speed broadband internet / Wifi - Iron + Ironing board. - Located in a building without elevator - Many transportations available: Metro 8 (Station Ledru-Rollin), Buses (76 /86 /61) - Grocery shopping (Aligre street market) and supermarket (Monoprix / Carrefour market / Auchan) - Amazing restaurants and bars all around - One of the best parisian nightclub nearby: Badaboum - Excellent bakery/pastry shop nearby NO CHECK-IN AFTER 8:30PM. During your stay, there are many ways to contact me (Phone, Mail, via AirBnB). Easy access to the building
13640	Lovely place to enjoy your visit in Paris ! This is a charming studio of 25 square meters located in central & safe neighborhood Nation area. The studio has american kitchen & bathroom.  You could find few cosy bars & restaurants between Nation and Bastille area (15 min walk). There are few supermarket near the apartment. Moreover, you can reach main tourist attractions for less than 15 minutes by metro 1, 2, 6, 9 or RER A(Louvre, Notre Dame, Pere Lachaise, etc...). Two minutes walking from metro station Nation. The apartment is located in a 5th floor & is very quiet & sunny with an elevator.  It's entirely equipped & furnished (wireless internet, Nespresso machine, fridge, oven, cooker, iron...). Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.  I will be glad to help you with any advice :-) Regards, 	As my guests usually say, my apartment is perfectly located and tastefully decorated.  Calm and cosy, neer metro and every accommodation.  Come visite and see by yourself  :)  Lovely place to enjoy your visit in Paris ! This is a charming studio of 25 square meters located in central & safe neighborhood Nation area. The studio has american kitchen & bathroom.  You could find few cosy bars & restaurants between Nation and Bastille area (15 min walk). There are few supermarket near the apartment. Moreover, you can reach main tourist attractions for less than 15 minutes by metro 1, 2, 6, 9 or RER A(Louvre, Notre Dame, Pere Lachaise, etc...). Two minutes walking from metro station Nation. The apartment is located in a 5th floor & is very quiet & sunny with an elevator.  It's entirely equipped & furnished (wireless internet, Nespresso machine, fridge, oven, cooker, iron...). Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.  I will be glad to help you with any advice :-) Regards,  All the 
13641	"This charming and nicely decorated apartment is an ""atelier d'artiste"" duplex. It's nested on the ground floor and 1rst floor in a typically artisan paved and flowery courtyard. The kitchen is fully equiped: fridge, coffee maker, kettle, oven, electrical cooker, toaster...  There are 2 separate bedrooms with a double bed in each room. The sofa, in the living room is convertible into a double bed. The bathroom is equiped with sink, toilet and a bathtub.   Wifi and washing machine. If you are a group of 10, I also rent a flat for 4 people just next door to the apartment for 6 persons. If you need more informations, feel free to ask."	"BASTILLE AREA ATELIER D'ARTISTE EN DUPLEX SUR COUR IDEAL FAMILLE OU GROUPE D'AMIS This charming and nicely decorated apartment is an ""atelier d'artiste"" duplex. It's nested on the ground floor and 1rst floor in a typically artisan paved and flowery courtyard. The kitchen is fully equiped: fridge, coffee maker, kettle, oven, electrical cooker, toaster...  There are 2 separate bedrooms with a double bed in each room. The sofa, in the living room is convertible into a double bed. The bathroom is equiped with sink, toilet and a bathtub.   Wifi and washing machine. If you are a group of 10, I also rent a flat for 4 people just next door to the apartment for 6 persons. If you need more informations, feel free to ask. The apartment is located in Ledru Rollin neighborhood, a residential area within walking distance to the place de la Bastille, Gare de Lyon station and the Marais historical area.  Many subway lines will get you easily around Paris:  Ledru rollin ( 2 min from apt ): Line 8  Bast"
13642	The apartment is a one bedroom apartment. Fully equipped kitchen is separated from the living room. Very comfortable bed (160cm wide) and single bed in living room.  Cable TV and wireless internet.  Bathroom with bathtub and washing (website hidden) in Bedroom	Close to Place de la Bastille, the apartement is located on the 6th floor of Hausmannian building. Access by elevator. QuietStreet. Close access to Bastille Métro Station and Gare de Lyon. Bedroom with air conditioning. The apartment is a one bedroom apartment. Fully equipped kitchen is separated from the living room. Very comfortable bed (160cm wide) and single bed in living room.  Cable TV and wireless internet.  Bathroom with bathtub and washing (website hidden) in Bedroom Close to Canal de l'Arsenal, the only harbor in Paris. 5min walk from Place des Vosges and Marais district. A farmers' market takes place everyday (except Mondays) on Place d'Aligre, 5min walk from the apt. Great night life. A lot of restaurants and bars are located close by. The apartement is within walking distance of Ile de la Cité, Ile Notre Dame. Metro Bastille right outside the building. Gare de Lyon : 10min walk Taxi Station in front of the Opera Bastille
13643	A very sunny flat with a view on the roofs of Paris, wooden floor, nice mouldings, wooden furniture. I can welcome two people in the spare bedroom, you will find  two confortable single beds, a nice bathroom with a shower and bathtub, a fully-equipped kitchen. The flat is on the last floor, so it is very quiet.	Lovely 3 room flat on the roofs of Paris in a quiet and  lively area. A very sunny flat with a view on the roofs of Paris, wooden floor, nice mouldings, wooden furniture. I can welcome two people in the spare bedroom, you will find  two confortable single beds, a nice bathroom with a shower and bathtub, a fully-equipped kitchen. The flat is on the last floor, so it is very quiet. You will have acces to the bathroom and the kitchen for your breakfast. Access to the Internet. You will feel at home in this nice and welcoming flat. We will be glad to welcome you on your arrival to show you the flat and answer to any question. If you need so, we can also give you some advice during your stay in Paris and give you all the information on the area and Paris transports. We love this area because it is both quiet and lively. You can find cafés, shops, and also parks. You can walk to the Bastille by the Coulée Verte (Green path). The surroundings are harmonious with nice old buildings. You can wa
13644	Confortable studette en plein coeur du quartier Gare de Lyon - Bastille, avec coin cuisine, salle de bain et toilettes.  Elle peut accueillir 2 personnes (canapé lit dépliant 2 places). Draps et serviettes de toilette à disposition. Coin cuisine avec frigo, micro-ondes, bouilloire et vaisselle (assiettes, verres, couverts, tasses).	Située à 4 minutes à pied de la Gare de Lyon, 8 minutes de Bastille, studette de 15m2 avec chambre, coin cuisine, salle de bain et toilettes indépendants, au 1er étage sur rue calme. Proche de stations de métro, bus, RER, Velib, bars, restaurants, commerces. Confortable studette en plein coeur du quartier Gare de Lyon - Bastille, avec coin cuisine, salle de bain et toilettes.  Elle peut accueillir 2 personnes (canapé lit dépliant 2 places). Draps et serviettes de toilette à disposition. Coin cuisine avec frigo, micro-ondes, bouilloire et vaisselle (assiettes, verres, couverts, tasses). Vous pourrez aller à pied dans les quartiers très animés de Bastille (8 minutes) ou du Marais (15 minutes), faire un footing sur la promenade plantée, paradis des runners, à 3 minutes de l'appartement ou aller découvrir les meilleurs lieux de nuit de musique électronique près des quais voisins (Wanderlust, Nuba, Batofar, Concrete). La proximité de la Gare de Lyon vous donne accès à de nombreuses lignes d
13645		A nice apartment of 45m2 in an haussmanian building (3rd floor lift). I normaly share it with a girl named Camille. It is located in a peaceful area near Bois de Vincennes , and very close from most parisian sites thanks to metro 6, 8, 1.
13646	"Hi  Very charming apartment for two or 4 persons at the third floor  Located in the heart of Paris(Nation closed to famous Bastille !), in a quiet parisian neighborhood. Close to all amenities: -Subway Nation( ligne 1,2,6,9, RER A). ALL WAYS TAKE TO NATION ;) -Markets( open untill 11 pm) -Shops, restaurants, museums It is a great apartment well appointed with a bed for 2 persons and a sofa bed that allows you to enjoy your stay in Paris with friends. There's also a nice kitchen with a bar where you can eat   a ""fromage"" or drink a true French wine as Languedoc.. oh la la !  There's also a bathroom in the bedroom. It is a bright and sunny apartment very pleasant to live. You'll have:  -->Wifi internet access -->A washing machine --> An Oven/Micro-wave  -->A French surprise ;) See you in Paris. I'm sure you'll love la capitale de l'amour ;) Alesson ***SPECIAL OFFER*** 7 nights in Paris for 2 only 400€, write a message to more informations :)"	"I'am Alesson, I would be glad to host you in my flat during your wonderful and unforgettable stay in Paris! I speak English, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese and German then you don't have excuse to not  send me an email ;) A bientôt à Paris Hi  Very charming apartment for two or 4 persons at the third floor  Located in the heart of Paris(Nation closed to famous Bastille !), in a quiet parisian neighborhood. Close to all amenities: -Subway Nation( ligne 1,2,6,9, RER A). ALL WAYS TAKE TO NATION ;) -Markets( open untill 11 pm) -Shops, restaurants, museums It is a great apartment well appointed with a bed for 2 persons and a sofa bed that allows you to enjoy your stay in Paris with friends. There's also a nice kitchen with a bar where you can eat   a ""fromage"" or drink a true French wine as Languedoc.. oh la la !  There's also a bathroom in the bedroom. It is a bright and sunny apartment very pleasant to live. You'll have:  -->Wifi internet access -->A washing machine --> An Oven/Micr"
13647		Charmant,spacieux et lumineux appartement au cœur du 12è arr de Paris. Avec 2 belles chambres modernes pour vous accueillir.  In a cosy appartment in the heart of Paris 12 (Daumesnil) - 2 nice and large bedrooms for 5 people - Ideal place in Paris
13648	Charmant appartement tout équipé sur rue pouvant accueillir deux personnes pour un agréable séjour à Paris.  Pièce séjour/cuisine toute équipée (frigo, four, micro-onde, plaques, bouilloire,...), chambre séparée par une cloison avec un grand lit deux place. La salle de bain est spacieuse et contient une baignoire et si besoin une machine à laver. 	Charmant appartement tout équipé sur rue pouvant accueillir deux personnes pour un agréable séjour à Paris.  Pièce séjour/cuisine toute équipée (frigo, four, micro-onde, plaques, bouilloire,...), chambre séparée par une cloison avec un grand lit deux place. La salle de bain est spacieuse et contient une baignoire et si besoin une machine à laver. Pas d'animaux Les voyageurs occuperont seuls l'appartement, mais je serais à proximité en cas de (website hidden) du routard sur Paris disponible  A proximité d'une rue animée (tous commerces, restaurants,...) mais dans une rue calme. Le quartier est très agréable et bien desservi par les transports en communs Stations à proximité : Bus 64 et 87 arrêt Charenton-Wattigny; Métros Dugommier (ligne 6) et Daumesnil (lignes 6 et 8) à 5min; Métro Cour Saint Emilion (ligne 14) à 10min pour se garer, il existe un certains nombre de places à proximité de l'appartement
13649	Very bright Very quiet In paris, 5 minutes walk from Bois de Vincennes. 15 minutes walk from Gare de Lyon / Bercy	Cosy and comfy 2 rooms flat in the heart of Paris (Intramuros). Located near Bois de Vincennes, close to Métro, Tramway and vélib. Fully equipped: Internet, american kitchen, oven, fridge Very bright Very quiet In paris, 5 minutes walk from Bois de Vincennes. 15 minutes walk from Gare de Lyon / Bercy television, DVD player, 2TV, Internet Metro, Tramway, Velib, Autolib
13650	Bright, quiet, view on typical court, near the park of Bercy, some wood and the new zoo of Vincennes, close to Bastille. In the heart of the cultural poles and the festive life.  - Transport : close bus, subway, streetcar - The businesses: Bercy Village, bakery and butcher's shop traditional, Walked(Worked) (fruits and vegetables, fishmonger's shop, caterers) - The useful services : doctor, dentist, pharmacy in 20 meters	Apartment of charm, typical Parisian (build in 1891) A big room + a bed room. Quiet flat.  Our flat is near any transport (Eiffel Tower and Bastille, subway line 6/8/14, by direct bus 15mn)  Bright, quiet, view on typical court, near the park of Bercy, some wood and the new zoo of Vincennes, close to Bastille. In the heart of the cultural poles and the festive life.  - Transport : close bus, subway, streetcar - The businesses: Bercy Village, bakery and butcher's shop traditional, Walked(Worked) (fruits and vegetables, fishmonger's shop, caterers) - The useful services : doctor, dentist, pharmacy in 20 meters TV with cable and international chains(channels), free internet Fully-equipped kitchen 1 closet, drawers in the bed room for you Do not hesitate to ask us questions, we shall indulge to answer you. C'est le vrai Paris : des monuments, la fête, mais aussi des commerces traditionnels, des restaurants,cafés et bars,   - bus direct numéro 87 vers Bastille (10 '), Tour Eiffel (30 ' de b
13651		Charming and typically parisian apartment in the heart of Paris with a nice balcony and all the comforts! Right next to Nation or Picpus subway stations. Lovely neigboorhood.
13652	Spacious sunny apartment 90 m2. in a modern building parking with security and on site guardian. Living room 30m2 filled with books and sculptures. A wall of sliding bay windows looking out on the garden, lets in lots of light. One large bedroom with double bed and a piano 2 individual bedrooms looking out on the garden, one with a balcony 2 well kept bathrooms with shower and bath, separate toilet A well furnished kitchen oven electric range refrigerator with freezer big counter dishwasher washing machine coffee machine Dishes and cooking utensils Sorry no microwave Internet Wifi, TV Neighborhood on the other side of the Seine from the National Library François Mitterrand, tree-lined cobbled streets in the former wine warehouse district. Lots of cafés, shops, and the Cinémathèque Française. Easy transportation connexions to the city center. The nearest metro station is only two minutes walk from the building. The Automated 14 metro line will get you to Châtelet and Notre Dame in only 	Spacious sunny apartment 90 m2. in a modern building parking with security and on site guardian. Living room 30m2 filled with books and sculptures. A wall of sliding bay windows looking out on the garden, lets in lots of light. One large bedroom with double bed and a piano 2 individual bedrooms looking out on the garden, one with a balcony 2 well kept bathrooms with shower and bath, separate toilet A well furnished kitchen oven electric range refrigerator with freezer big counter dishwasher washing machine coffee machine Dishes and cooking utensils Sorry no microwave Internet Wifi, TV Neighborhood on the other side of the Seine from the National Library François Mitterrand, tree-lined cobbled streets in the former wine warehouse district. Lots of cafés, shops, and the Cinémathèque Française. Easy transportation connexions to the city center. The nearest metro station is only two minutes walk from the building. The Automated 14 metro line will get you to Châtelet and Notre Dame in only 
13653	My place is amazing because it's a 60sqm flat in Paris downtown, it has a long balcony, there's an elevator in the building and it's located on the 7th floor. The flat itself has been renovated in January 2014 and benefits from a modern equipement and a tasty decoration. It offers a very nice space for a 2/3 person family, with a chocolate wooden floor, a spacious bathroom with a tub and a brand new kitchen with modern appliances.	A recently renovated flat, with a very nice and sunny living room, a great balcony and a cosy bedroom. 2 metro lines and a supermarket downstairs. The kitchen is brand new and the airplay sound system, enjoyable. My place is amazing because it's a 60sqm flat in Paris downtown, it has a long balcony, there's an elevator in the building and it's located on the 7th floor. The flat itself has been renovated in January 2014 and benefits from a modern equipement and a tasty decoration. It offers a very nice space for a 2/3 person family, with a chocolate wooden floor, a spacious bathroom with a tub and a brand new kitchen with modern appliances. The library is filed with design books and the green touch is given by a splendid ficus tree next to the couch. You can use the connected TV, Airplay, Wifi, the washing machine and the 5.1 Sound system... as long as you respect the neighbors :) Feel free to cook, but please take care of the wooden work top. Let's chat a bit before you book, let's get
13654	L'appartement a été entièrement refait à neuve cette année et est entièrement meublé. Vous y trouverez plusieurs livres sur Paris, ses bars et ses lieux secrets ;) Vous dormirez dans un lit 160 x 200 très confortable. L'appartement est équipé : microndes, plaques vitrocéramique, vaisselle... Nous fournissons draps et serviettes. Idéal pour un couple ! The apartment was completely redone this year and is fully furnished. You will find several books on Paris about bars and secret places ;) You will sleep in a bed 160 x 200 very comfortable. The apartment includes : Microwaves , ceramic hob , dishes ... We provide sheets and towels. Ideal for a couple !	Appartement très confortable et bien placé ! Le point de départ idéal de votre séjour. Lovely and comfortable place in a great area. The ideal starting point to visit Paris. L'appartement a été entièrement refait à neuve cette année et est entièrement meublé. Vous y trouverez plusieurs livres sur Paris, ses bars et ses lieux secrets ;) Vous dormirez dans un lit 160 x 200 très confortable. L'appartement est équipé : microndes, plaques vitrocéramique, vaisselle... Nous fournissons draps et serviettes. Idéal pour un couple ! The apartment was completely redone this year and is fully furnished. You will find several books on Paris about bars and secret places ;) You will sleep in a bed 160 x 200 very comfortable. The apartment includes : Microwaves , ceramic hob , dishes ... We provide sheets and towels. Ideal for a couple ! Situé dans le 12ème arrondissement, entre Nation et Gare de Lyon, le logement est accessible par la ligne 1 et 8, station Reuilly Diderot. Located in the 12th arrondis
13655		Au pied de 2 lignes de métro. Quartier Faidherbe à proximité des terrasses des bars, resto.... Appartement pierre de taille avec parquet, cheminée, refait à neuf, cuisine équipée, sdb et couchage pour 2 personnes.
13656	One bedroom, big queen sized bed. couch/single bed in the living room. Big windows and lots of sun and light. Balcony with table and two chairs for cigarettes or brunch in the sun. There is TV and WiFi inernet. 5th floor walk up, no elevator! Right next to the Marché d'aligre and close to lots of metros or a quick walk to Bastille or the Marais.	Gorgeous little place to call home. Lots of light, balcony, comfortable and above all close to everything you need! One bedroom, big queen sized bed. couch/single bed in the living room. Big windows and lots of sun and light. Balcony with table and two chairs for cigarettes or brunch in the sun. There is TV and WiFi inernet. 5th floor walk up, no elevator! Right next to the Marché d'aligre and close to lots of metros or a quick walk to Bastille or the Marais.
13657	Cozy apartment, nicely furnished in a nice building located near Dugommier Metro. Great shopping, nice restaurants and cafes, near the famous market of Marche Aligre.  The apartment is very quiet, includes a queen size bed.  Amenities include wifi, TV, coffee and expresso machines, cooktop and oven, dishwasher, hair dryer, towels and linens.	Beautifull flat with all commodities,  one room with a big bed (2 personns) a kictchen a living room  and a bathroom with bathtube. The flat is located near Dugommier and Bercy Metro. 4th floor with elevator.          Cozy apartment, nicely furnished in a nice building located near Dugommier Metro. Great shopping, nice restaurants and cafes, near the famous market of Marche Aligre.  The apartment is very quiet, includes a queen size bed.  Amenities include wifi, TV, coffee and expresso machines, cooktop and oven, dishwasher, hair dryer, towels and linens. The flat is near Dugommier Metro 3 minutes, and Bercy Metro 7 minuytes. You can join the center of Paris easily, less than 20 minutes by Metro.  By walk you can join quickly  Bastille, the famous Marché Aligre, 
13658	style parisien classique, confort minimal, planchers cirés	chbre de 13 m2 dans un apt de 45m2 : pas pr couple. la salle de bain/ WC ferme avec une porte coulissante sans loquet. déjeuner possible ds petite cuisine. simple mais charmant, quartier agréable urbain, calme, proche bois. . 5e étage sans ascenseur. style parisien classique, confort minimal, planchers cirés cuisine, une étagère du frigo, salle de douche + wc.  peu en tout cas dans un premier temps, mais je suis serviable. le bois de Vincennes, le parc de Bercy, la cinémathèque, plein de commerces, le viaduc des arts, l'opéra Bastille... ligne métro 6 : arrêt Dugommier ligne de métro 8 : arrêt Daumesnil bus 87 : arrêt Charenton Wattignies vu la taille de l'appartement, je préfère accueillir une seule personne, pas de couple. Il faut pouvoir monter 5 étages sans ascenseur avec les bagages.
13659		Beuatiful appartement with front and rear views light all day long.
13660	This 30 sqm fully furnished apartment offers a cozy living space with a comfy sofa-bed for two, a flat screen TV and wifi, a modern fully equipped big American kitchen (microwave, refrigerator, cooking utensils...), a queen size bed in a separated bedroom and a stylish functional bathroom.	Apt for 4 people ideal for your stay in Paris at 2 min walk from the subway ( 1,2,6,9 , RERA ) . Renovated in 2013 , and furnished for your comfort , it offers a comfortable living space with a separate bedroom and a stylish modern bathroom . This 30 sqm fully furnished apartment offers a cozy living space with a comfy sofa-bed for two, a flat screen TV and wifi, a modern fully equipped big American kitchen (microwave, refrigerator, cooking utensils...), a queen size bed in a separated bedroom and a stylish functional bathroom. You will have access to: -Wifi and television (Bbox Bouygues Telecom) -Microwaves , hotplates and oven -Refrigerator -Kettle -Showers and WC -Sheets and towels -Hair dryer -Heated towel holder We'll see you at the time of check in and check out for the keys. The area is perfect for your stay in Paris Place de la Nation, next to the shopping center Printemps. The Nation area is full of caterers, restaurants, cinema and shopping of all kinds. You will have the cha
13661		Appartement 3 pièces, 64m2, situé au 3ème étage.  Cet appartement lumineux possède une loggia de 6m2. Il se compose de deux chambres,d un salon et d une cuisine La chambre parentale possède un grand lit de 160*200 La chambre enfant possède deux lits superposes Situé face au parc de Bercy,vous pourrez profiter des jardins,des quais de Seine et leurs restaurants d été ainsi que de l'atypique Bercy village.  La ligne 6 vous mènera en 20 min a la Tour Eiffel La ligne 14 vous amènera au coeur de Paris. Le quartier de Bercy est un quartier calme avec ses parcs mais également très animé (cinémathèque,bibliothèque nationale,cinémas UGC et Mk2,bercy village,quai de seine) Ligne 6 ou 14 station bercy Bus 24 et 87  5 min de gare de Lyon 15min de gare Montparnasse 20 min de gare du Nord 1h de orly et charles de gaulle Nous laissons notre parking sécurisé à la disposition des locataires.
13662	Je vous accueille, que vous soyez seul ou jusqu'à quatre personnes dans un appartement de 34m2 rénové récemment. Vous pourrez profiter du lieu dans une ambiance atypique et chaleureuse. Tout le confort sera a votre disposition (machine a laver, lave vaisselle, draps et serviettes propre). Fumeurs et animaux bienvenus !	Proche de la Gare de Lyon et de Bercy Arena, je vous accueille dans un appartement charmant et calme. Placé en rez-de-chaussée, il peut loger jusqu'a 4 personnes. Idéal pour un week-end entre amis ou en amoureux. Je vous accueille, que vous soyez seul ou jusqu'à quatre personnes dans un appartement de 34m2 rénové récemment. Vous pourrez profiter du lieu dans une ambiance atypique et chaleureuse. Tout le confort sera a votre disposition (machine a laver, lave vaisselle, draps et serviettes propre). Fumeurs et animaux bienvenus ! Vous aurez accès a la totalité de mon appartement puisque je ne serai pas là, hormis pour vous accueillir et en cas d'un éventuel problème.  Tous mes équipements seront a votre disposition (télévison, internet...) Je serai présent au moment de la remise des clés et joignable pendant tout votre séjour par téléphone. Proche de la Gare de Lyon et de la Bercy Arena, l'appartement offre cependant un lieu calme et agréable. A deux pas des stations Dugommier (ligne 6) 
13663	65m2, charme de l'ancien, refait à neuf. Situé au 1er étage dans une rue calme. Superette Bio dans la rue et de nombreux autres commerces à 2 pas ainsi qu'un marché. 	Un 65 m2 typiquement Parisien avec tout le confort. Rue calme dans quartier animé par de nombreux bars et restaurants. Commerces et transports à proximité. Métro direct Champs Elysées et Eurodisney. Bastille à pied et découvrez le fameux Marché Aligre à 2 pas. 65m2, charme de l'ancien, refait à neuf. Situé au 1er étage dans une rue calme. Superette Bio dans la rue et de nombreux autres commerces à 2 pas ainsi qu'un marché. En face de la Gare de Lyon, vous avez accès à un énorme choix de transports. Bus lignes (phone number hidden) Métro: Ligne 1 et 14 RER: Ligne A et D Bus navette: Liaison directe Paris-Gare de Lyon-Aéroport Roissy-Charles de Gaulle  Trains: Terminus des TGV SNCF Sud-Est Terminus des TGV Lyria (liaisons France  > Suisse) Terminus des trains de nuit Thello (liaisons France  > Italie) Terminus de la « ligne R » (Melun, Montereau, Montargis) Station de taxi Vélib et Autolib Ne travaillant pas tous les jours, je suis assez disponible. Il n'y a pas de problème pour me joind
13664	4 chambres: 2 chambres avec lit double + 2 chambres d'enfant avec lit simple + 1 canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon, 2 sdb, 2 WC	Appartement familial moderne et chaleureux, donnant sur un jardin, proche de tous les transports (métro,bus, tramway) pour accéder rapidement aux attractions parisiennes (Louvre : 20 min / Ménilmontant : 15 min /  Le Marais : 15 min; tout en direct) 4 chambres: 2 chambres avec lit double + 2 chambres d'enfant avec lit simple + 1 canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon, 2 sdb, 2 WC Quartier calme et commerçant. Vous y trouverez des supermarchés, des petits commerces (boulangeries, bouchers, poissonniers, fruits et légumes, fromagers...) de très bonne qualité. Notre quartier est également proche de zones vertes : le bois de Vincennes et son zoo et la coulée verte (permettant d'aller à pieds ou en vélo  jusqu'à Bastille au milieu de la verdure). Ce quartier est une vraie respiration dans Paris. Notre quartier est desservi par des lignes de métro (lignes 1 et 6) qui permettent un accès simple et rapide à tous les quartiers de Paris. Il y a aussi toute proche une gare de train (RER A) qui travers
13665	Well equipped kitchen with a gas hob, an oven and a micro-wave oven. Bathtub. Queen size bed. Sunny balcony. Computer available for the guests.	"This is the flat we live in. Located on the 8th floor, it is very sunny and quiet. Nice balcony with no overlook. Close to Gare de Lyon and Bastille, you can easily get almost anywhere in Paris. Perfect fot a couple willing to visit Paris. Well equipped kitchen with a gas hob, an oven and a micro-wave oven. Bathtub. Queen size bed. Sunny balcony. Computer available for the guests. Everything but the washing-machine (we will store our stuff there). But there is a laundry 100m away. If you need advice, we can tell you the best places to visit, have a walk, have dinner, go out... Quiet neighborhood, close the nice walk ""la Coulée Verte"" (right in front of the building). Many metros and trains to visit Paris or it suburbs easily. Lines 1, 8, 14. RER A and D."
13666	Une chambre indépendante avec un lit en 140. Un séjour cuisine à l'américaine avec un canapé lit 1 place ou 2 places si déplié. Salle de Bain avec douche à l'italienne et WC indépendant. Situé au 2em étage d'un immeuble industriel avec un ascenseur ancien en acier rouge. Poutres apparentes en béton vernissé, fenêtres en acier avec stores à lames extérieurs électriques, faisant l'occultation totale. Parquet teck au sol.  Un code wifi vous sera donné à votre arrivée et vous permettra de vous connecter en toute liberté. Serviettes et draps de bain, serviettes de table et torchons, seront fournis, les lits seront faits. Ma maison est la porte à coté, n'hésitez pas à me contacter en cas de problème. Je me ferai un plaisir de vous aider et vous renseigner. La présence de commerces de bouche de très grande qualité ouverts tard le soir. Monoprix ouvert jusqu'à 21H50, Picard jusqu'à 20H00. Une boulangerie délicieuse, une rôtisserie et poissonnerie et beaucoup de petits restaurants à deux pas po	2 pièces, entièrement restauré et équipé, à coté du métro ligne 6, dans un quartier animé avec beaucoup de commerces. On peut venir en famille ou à 2 couples. A proximité des gares (Gare de Lyon, Bercy, Montparnasse) Il est très calme, très lumineux. Une chambre indépendante avec un lit en 140. Un séjour cuisine à l'américaine avec un canapé lit 1 place ou 2 places si déplié. Salle de Bain avec douche à l'italienne et WC indépendant. Situé au 2em étage d'un immeuble industriel avec un ascenseur ancien en acier rouge. Poutres apparentes en béton vernissé, fenêtres en acier avec stores à lames extérieurs électriques, faisant l'occultation totale. Parquet teck au sol.  Un code wifi vous sera donné à votre arrivée et vous permettra de vous connecter en toute liberté. Serviettes et draps de bain, serviettes de table et torchons, seront fournis, les lits seront faits. Ma maison est la porte à coté, n'hésitez pas à me contacter en cas de problème. Je me ferai un plaisir de vous aider et vous 
13667		65 Square Meters; 2 Double bed rooms; Comfortable living room (Fully equiped kitchen); Wifi; Balcony (on 5th floor); Parquet Floor Whole Apartment Just 100 meters away from Reuilly Diderot Metro Station
13668	Our lovely studio is ideal for 1 or 2 travelers willing to stay in the animated 12th district and (re)discover Paris. Located 2 minutes away from the metro, you'll be able to travel all accross paris whenever you wish to. Our flat welcomes you in the sun and will serve you at best for your stay.	Our spacious and sunny studio welcomes you in the heart of the 12th. It comfortably fits two and lets you discover or rediscover Paris, 2 minutes away from the metro and 3 minutes from the Vincennes Woods. Our lovely studio is ideal for 1 or 2 travelers willing to stay in the animated 12th district and (re)discover Paris. Located 2 minutes away from the metro, you'll be able to travel all accross paris whenever you wish to. Our flat welcomes you in the sun and will serve you at best for your stay. Are included: HD TV, two-person bed, full kitchen and toilets. Daumesnil district is animated and calm, and is full of cute stores (bakeries, chocolate factories, fashion stores...). 5 minutes away from Vincennes woods where you can boat trip and go green, 3 minutes away from the metro and get ready for moving in Paris. 3 minutes from Daumesnil (metro station) 1 minute from bus station (down the building) 25 minutes away from Tour Eiffel 35 minutes away from airport (by car or taxi) 35 minute
13669	Le salon est équipé d'un canapé lit , télévision, internet , wifi, table repas , la cuisine est très bien fournie avec four  ,lave linge séchant  , lave  (website hidden) chambre contient un lit à 2 places et ungrand placard  la salle de bains contient une douche et lavabo  les toilettes sont indépendantes 	Appartement agréable, calme  et lumineux , situé au 5e étage d'un immeuble moderne de standing ,avec ascenseur, et balcon . Vous disposez d'une pièce principale   avec double canapé lit, d'une cuisine completement équipée, et d'une chambre . Le salon est équipé d'un canapé lit , télévision, internet , wifi, table repas , la cuisine est très bien fournie avec four  ,lave linge séchant  , lave  (website hidden) chambre contient un lit à 2 places et ungrand placard  la salle de bains contient une douche et lavabo  les toilettes sont indépendantes métro Bel Air
13670		Chambre de 10m² dans un appartement au 6ème étage avec ascenseur.  Appartement de 4 chambres, avec cuisine, toilettes, salle de bain à partager avec 3 colocs sympa. La chambre dispose d'une lit deux places, bureau, penderie et rangements.
13671	Appartement refait à neuf cet été, moderne (peintures blanches et parquet flottant) mais avec beaucoup de charme également (moulures au plafond, immeuble en briques).	Appartement refait à neuf cet été, moderne (peintures blanches et parquet flottant) mais avec beaucoup de charme également (moulures au plafond, immeuble en briques). Nation est un point de chute parfait pour accéder aux différents arrondissement de Paris du fait du grand choix de lignes de métro et du RER. Il s'agit d'un quartier plutôt calme, assez vert (proche de la coulée verte pour les sportifs ou plus loin du château de Vincennes, de son bois, de son zoo et de son parc floral). Nation est également à 5-15 minutes en métro de quartiers avec des rues très festives et animées : Bastille, Ledru-Rollin, Menilmontant ou le Marais. L'appartement est situé à 5 minutes à pieds d'un supermarché Casino. De nombreuses boulangeries et pharmacies sont autour. Le cinéma MK2 est à 3 minutes à pied. De nombreux bars et restaurants sont proches rue Faubourg Saint Antoine. De plus, la rue du rendez vous est très connue pour ses traiteurs en tout genre.  Métro ligne 1, 2, 6, 9 et RER A Nombreux bus 
13672	Une caution est à prévoir Une caution est à prévoir	Ce studio vous offrira le confort nécessaire à quelques nuits parisiennes en couple, ou entre ami(e)s. L'appartement est situé à Nation : à 2 min du métro (lignes 2, 6, 9 et 1) ainsi que du RER A. Super U au pied du bâtiment. Caution requise
13673	"studio located in Bastille like artist workshop ""Atelier d'artiste"" district very comfortable on grounfloor of a building that has a charming courtyard , entirely renewed by interior designer. The access is secured by a door code.The windows are double-glazed so the studio is very quiet and always full of light The district near le Marais, area is animated full of restaurants, bars,in an old neighborhood of craftsmen and furniture makers in the mythical streets of Faubourg Saint Antoine. many shops foods and fashions  and famous ""Café Français"" Bofinger Brasserie, China Club, Paul restaurant,le pain Quotidien, concept store ""Merci "" Opéra Bastille,  center of design. art gallery, Gymnase Center at five minutes ... This studio have a nice Italian Shower/ toilet / Clean bed and fresh towels. Kitchen with electrics hobs/ fridge, toaster/ kettle / microwave oven / iron / coffee machine expresso/ toaster. dishes, glasses and pans are provided and included in the rent.  Internet: yes, broadb"	"The studio in Bastille like artist workshop ""Atelier d'artiste"" district very comfortable on grounfloor that has a charming courtyard , entirely renewed by Interior Designer for two people.  cosy, contemporary style , perfect for short or long stay. studio located in Bastille like artist workshop ""Atelier d'artiste"" district very comfortable on grounfloor of a building that has a charming courtyard , entirely renewed by interior designer. The access is secured by a door code.The windows are double-glazed so the studio is very quiet and always full of light The district near le Marais, area is animated full of restaurants, bars,in an old neighborhood of craftsmen and furniture makers in the mythical streets of Faubourg Saint Antoine. many shops foods and fashions  and famous ""Café Français"" Bofinger Brasserie, China Club, Paul restaurant,le pain Quotidien, concept store ""Merci "" Opéra Bastille,  center of design. art gallery, Gymnase Center at five minutes ... This studio have a nice It"
13674	Deux pièces joliment décoré dans un quartioer calme au coeur de Paris.	Chambre au calme avec lit simple dans un deux pièces proche Bastille et gare de Lyon.  Quartier du marché d'Aligre et de la Promenade plantée. Deux pièces joliment décoré dans un quartioer calme au coeur de Paris. Chambre de 18 m2, acccès salle de bain avec baignoire et cuisine. A 5 mn du métro Reuilly-Diderot (lignes 1 et 8) et 10 mn à pied de la gare de Lyon.
13675	Le studio présente un bon rapport qualité/prix. Il est très bien situé dans Paris, central mais éloigné des quartiers trop bruyants. Situé sur deux lignes de métro, il vous permet d'accéder facilement à toute la ville. La salle de bains dispose d'une grande baignoire et la position de l'appartement en rez-de-chaussé vous facilitera la vie lors du déplacement de vos bagages.	Très joli studio, situé à deux pas du parc de Bercy et du bois de Vincennes, à 20 mètres des lignes 6 et 8, d'une station Velib, du marché de Daumesnil, entouré de restaurants et d'une boulangerie, dans un coin très calme d'un quartier vivant. Le studio présente un bon rapport qualité/prix. Il est très bien situé dans Paris, central mais éloigné des quartiers trop bruyants. Situé sur deux lignes de métro, il vous permet d'accéder facilement à toute la ville. La salle de bains dispose d'une grande baignoire et la position de l'appartement en rez-de-chaussé vous facilitera la vie lors du déplacement de vos bagages. Vous aurez accès à tout ce qui est dans l'appartement (excepté les vêtements, naturellement) et à un garage à vélo (dans la mesure des places disponibles) Je réponds avec plaisir à toutes vos questions. Nous pourrons nous entretenir par téléphone, mail ou sms. La remise des clés se fera avec mon amie, Manon. De mon côté je suis dans le Sud-Ouest de la France , en préparation d
13676	Un balcon donnant sur jardin, un appartement spacieux et confortable : toutes les conditions sont réunies pour que votre séjour à Paris soit inoubliable ! Balcony overlooking garden, a spacious and comfortable apartment : all the conditions are perfect for an unforgettable trip to Paris !	Notre appartement est spacieux (53m²) confortable et tout équipé. Son emplacement est idéal pour un séjour à Paris, proche de la gare de Lyon (métro A, D, 1 et 14) et de Reuilly Diderot (métro 1, 8). A 5 min de la place de la Bastille. Un balcon donnant sur jardin, un appartement spacieux et confortable : toutes les conditions sont réunies pour que votre séjour à Paris soit inoubliable ! Balcony overlooking garden, a spacious and comfortable apartment : all the conditions are perfect for an unforgettable trip to Paris ! Cuisine équipée Equipped kitchen Quartier agréable et commerçant, emplacement central. Emplacement très bien desservi, à 5 minutes de la place de la Bastille (ligne 1) et 10 minutes de Châtelet (ligne 1 ou A) Excellent location, 5 minutes from the Place de la Bastille (line 1) and 10 minutes from Châtelet (lines 1 or A)
13677	Nice place with Tv , room  for 2 persons toreslittle roses garden, near postoffice,restaurants,hospital,doctor, walking nature in Vincennes wood,Bercy Village with movies,restos.	Nice place with Tv , room  for 2 persons toreslittle roses garden, near postoffice,restaurants,hospital,doctor, walking nature in Vincennes wood,Bercy Village with movies,restos.
13678	Très beau séjour avec parquet ancien et cheminée. Immeuble calme et bien fréquenté .	Grand deux pièces dans immeuble ancien parisien . Appartement charmant, décoration moderne, grand salon de 30 m2 avec canapé lit et une chambre enfant  avec lit.Une salle de bain avec baignoire et wc privatifs. Situé au deuxième étage. Chambre enfant   sur cour. Quartier tranquille et sympa proche Vincennes, Bastille .Metros proches Très beau séjour avec parquet ancien et cheminée. Immeuble calme et bien fréquenté . Accès à toutes les pièces et accessoires de cuisine Si je suis sur Paris, avec grand plaisir La coulée verte est une balade sympa à 2 pas, elle relie Bastille à Vincennes et est idéale pour les joggeurs Metro Daumrsnil ou Bel air à proximité . Stationnement facile et non payant le week end.
13679	The apartment is located in a charming garden, isolated from noise. The surface is 27 m² with a little privative patio. A comfortable double bed room with storage spaces.  A design bathroom with Italian shower and water-jet massage, hair-dryer, and in the central room a  sofa is at your disposal. The kitchen is equipped with a microwave, a ceramic glass cooktop, a fridge, a Nespresso coffee maker, a toaster, and a kettle. Cet appartement est idéal pour deux personnes. Il se situe dans un charmant jardin fleuri à l'abri du bruit.  La surface est de 27 m² et le petit plus : une cour privative aménagée. Une chambre double et des rangements, une salle de bain avec douche italienne et massage Hydro-jet , sèche cheveux. Dans le séjour, vous trouverez un canapé ainsi que le coin cuisine qui est entièrement équipée : un micro ondes, une plaque vitro céramique, un frigidaire, une cafetière NESPRESSO, un grille pain,et une bouilloire , tous les équipements nécessaires pour un confort optimal.	In the heart of the 12th arrondissement in Paris, this flat full of charm will welcome you with modern and functional equipments. Typical, cosy and romantic , all has been thought for you to live the Parisian experience at the fullest. The apartment is located in a charming garden, isolated from noise. The surface is 27 m² with a little privative patio. A comfortable double bed room with storage spaces.  A design bathroom with Italian shower and water-jet massage, hair-dryer, and in the central room a  sofa is at your disposal. The kitchen is equipped with a microwave, a ceramic glass cooktop, a fridge, a Nespresso coffee maker, a toaster, and a kettle. Cet appartement est idéal pour deux personnes. Il se situe dans un charmant jardin fleuri à l'abri du bruit.  La surface est de 27 m² et le petit plus : une cour privative aménagée. Une chambre double et des rangements, une salle de bain avec douche italienne et massage Hydro-jet , sèche cheveux. Dans le séjour, vous trouverez un canapé
13680	Very special atmosphere, little garden for breakfast. 	Crossing the gate of the building you arrive in a one of secret gardens of Paris. Charming little architect house with a private courtyard is a best oasis with flowers, signing birds for breakfast or a romantic dinner in a very crowded summer Paris. Ground floor - living room with open kitchen, fully equipped. First floor - bathroom with tub and toilet. Second floor - bedroom with a double bed. Very close to the subway and shopping.10 minutes from Bastille. Recommended for couple in love. Girls will be charmed ! 100 % garantie !!! Very special atmosphere, little garden for (website hidden), all kitchen equippement   how much they need Very close to Bastille, Oberkampf and big parc with lake restaurants, shopping we explain everything directely 
13681	Charming private one double bedroom, of 17sqm Shared bathroom with bathtub.  In an apartment of 105sqm on the 7th floor with elevator. Wonderful view over paris The building is secured with 2 digicodes and you have a set of key.	Charming private one double bedroom, of 17sqm Shared bathroom with bathtub.  In an apartment of 105sqm on the 6th floor with elevator. The building is secured with 2 digicodes and you have a set of key.  Placed right in the center of Paris. 5min of
13682	loue appartement 2 pièces (1 chambre 2 personnes) de 50 m² sécurisé de construction récente, déco de style ancien et contemporain au 4ème étage avec ascenseur donnant sur cour intérieure boisée (arbre japonais). Résidence de standing très très calme proche de bastille et gare de lyon. le quartier de bastille et du marais (même le dimanche) sont très animés. les rues sont pleines de magasins pour tous les goûts, de boutiques de créateurs, de bars de nuit, de bars à vin, de restaurants de toute nationalité. les metro très proches ledru rollin (ligne 8) metro bastille (lignes 1 et 5). A 7 mn à pied de la gare de lyon (RER A Marne la Vallée disneyland). A 10 mn à pied du jardin des plantes et du musée d'histoire naturelle. A 10-15 mn à pied du Marais (4ème). Magasins alimentaires (en bas de l'immeuble) et autres très proches (5 mn). Marché Aligre à 5 mn à pied. Toutes sortes de restaurants. Vous trouverez dans l'appartement les cartes de visite des restaurants que je fréquente.Draps et ser	appartement de 50 m² au 4ème étage avec ascenseur calme dans une belle résidence de construction récente avec toutes les commodités. proche du métro et du RER, des restaurants et des boutiques de tous genres dans le quartier (dont le marché aligre). loue appartement 2 pièces (1 chambre 2 personnes) de 50 m² sécurisé de construction récente, déco de style ancien et contemporain au 4ème étage avec ascenseur donnant sur cour intérieure boisée (arbre japonais). Résidence de standing très très calme proche de bastille et gare de lyon. le quartier de bastille et du marais (même le dimanche) sont très animés. les rues sont pleines de magasins pour tous les goûts, de boutiques de créateurs, de bars de nuit, de bars à vin, de restaurants de toute nationalité. les metro très proches ledru rollin (ligne 8) metro bastille (lignes 1 et 5). A 7 mn à pied de la gare de lyon (RER A Marne la Vallée disneyland). A 10 mn à pied du jardin des plantes et du musée d'histoire naturelle. A 10-15 mn à pied du 
13683	Cosy living room with a small dining table (adjustable to fit up to 6 people), a large TV available to watch movies through USB.  A decent selection of books and CDs to handle with care- lots of titles available in English! The sofa doesn't pull out, but can comfortably sleep one person. Extra linen provided, and the guest sleeps free of charge! (We'd like to meet them before you invite them in, though : ) ) The kitchen is separate, accessible via the living room. It is fully equipped and you can make use of our organic coffee, tea and yummy spreads for your toast in the morning.  We might leave a loaf of home-made bread for you, or buy one in the amazing bakery downstairs. Please feel free to use our kitchen equipment and spices, but handle them with love and care, and clean up any mess, like you would at home. The bedroom includes a standard double bed, a bedside table and two wardrobes- one of them will be emptied to fit your clothes. The bedroom also has a work desk which will be m	In a city where all is tiny, we offer a spacious, 1BD apartment with all rooms facing a quiet courtyard. Five minutes away from a major metro station, Nation, with lines taking you anywhere you wish. A new listing in need of some reviews : ) Cosy living room with a small dining table (adjustable to fit up to 6 people), a large TV available to watch movies through USB.  A decent selection of books and CDs to handle with care- lots of titles available in English! The sofa doesn't pull out, but can comfortably sleep one person. Extra linen provided, and the guest sleeps free of charge! (We'd like to meet them before you invite them in, though : ) ) The kitchen is separate, accessible via the living room. It is fully equipped and you can make use of our organic coffee, tea and yummy spreads for your toast in the morning.  We might leave a loaf of home-made bread for you, or buy one in the amazing bakery downstairs. Please feel free to use our kitchen equipment and spices, but handle them w
13684	The apartment has just been redone for nine. Any outing, oven, hot plates, microwave is provided with a kitchen. The bathroom has a big shower and a washer. The room(chamber) is big and very brilliant, it contains a big cupboard for a maximum of arrangement. The must of the apartment, a balcony and a sight loosened on the place dausmenil. Near ( less than 50 metres): - Subway lines 6 and lines 8 - Bakery, coffee(cafe), tobacco Chinese, Japanese restaurants, pizzeria, picard, franprix - Border of taxi - Border of vélib Very beautiful, ideal apartment to visit capital in couple or between friends.	Beautiful flat in the center of Paris, 6th floor with a beautiful view; it's look like a small loft as in Manhattan but with the charming of Paris. A llot of light on it, very clean, very close to  the subway. The apartment has just been redone for nine. Any outing, oven, hot plates, microwave is provided with a kitchen. The bathroom has a big shower and a washer. The room(chamber) is big and very brilliant, it contains a big cupboard for a maximum of arrangement. The must of the apartment, a balcony and a sight loosened on the place dausmenil. Near ( less than 50 metres): - Subway lines 6 and lines 8 - Bakery, coffee(cafe), tobacco Chinese, Japanese restaurants, pizzeria, picard, franprix - Border of taxi - Border of vélib Very beautiful, ideal apartment to visit capital in couple or between friends. In 5min of the station of Lyon in car, border of just taxi below. In 8 minutes of Bastille and the swamp. The district is rather quiet but many businesses near (just in the street). Corne
13685	Je loue mon studio, situé dans un quartier et immeuble typiquement parisiens. Petit, mais disposant de tout ce dont vous pourriez avoir besoin (micro-onde, plaques électriques, frigidaire, vaisselle, bouilloire, télévision 90 cm, WI-FI gratuite et illimitée haut débit). Il est très lumineux (les photos ont été prises par temps de pluie). 	Studio confortable proche de toutes commodités et transports. Restaurants très divers aux alentours. Appartement parfait pour couple ou personne seule. Idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris. Je loue mon studio, situé dans un quartier et immeuble typiquement parisiens. Petit, mais disposant de tout ce dont vous pourriez avoir besoin (micro-onde, plaques électriques, frigidaire, vaisselle, bouilloire, télévision 90 cm, WI-FI gratuite et illimitée haut débit). Il est très lumineux (les photos ont été prises par temps de pluie). Je serais joignable à tout moment sur mon téléphone portable pendant la durée du séjour. Le quartier est très vivant avec de nombreux restaurants et cafés et tout à proximité (commerces et supermarchés, banques, hôpital, métros et bus). A 800m de Gare de Lyon (RER A, RER D, métro 1, métro 14) Station de métro Reuilly Diderot qui est desservie par les lignes 1 et 8 au pied de l’immeuble. La ligne 1 qui est directe pour aller dans le centre de Paris, sur les Champs E
13686	Très beau duplex, vue exceptionnelle sur Paris et la Tour Eiffel. Juste au-dessus d'un parc paysager, appartement facile à vivre et confortable. Très calme, au-dessus d'une rue piétonne.	Quatre pièce en duplex au-dessus d'un parc. Vue exceptionnelle sur Paris, très calme, idéal pour une famille.Terrasse qui fait le tour de l'appartement, confortable et bien équipé. A 100m du métro (l.6 ou 14) et à 10mn du centre historique de Paris!  Très beau duplex, vue exceptionnelle sur Paris et la Tour Eiffel. Juste au-dessus d'un parc paysager, appartement facile à vivre et confortable. Très calme, au-dessus d'une rue piétonne. L'appartement est à 50m du Cour Saint Emilion, à 5mn de la Seine et à 20mn à pied de Bastille. Les quais de Seine sont aménagés à partir du mois d'avril (bars, restaurants..) Le parc est accessible par voie piétonne avec les enfants. La ligne 14  (Cour Saint Emilion) est à 50m, la station Bercy à 150m. Le bus 24 qui traverse tout Paris jusqu'à la Tour Eiffel est  à 3mn de l'appartement.
13687	A nice 2 room's typically parisian appartement, in a nice green area very close to the Bois de Vincennes, near Bastille and Aligre. We love to live there, you will love to spend your stay :) For more pictures please do not hesitate to contact us. The flat have a bedroom with a 2 persons bed, a very confortable living-room, a bathroom with a shower, toilets and washbasin,and a fully fitted kitchen. We have one extra mattress under the bed can accommodate a 3rd person if necessary, but we haven't counted in the number of bed because it is a solution side. The bathroom is small but functional enough. The kitchen is equipped: stove, oven, washing machine, fridge ... The flat overlooks in  courtyards every side, which is very pleasant. The apartment is on the 3rd floor without elevator. We are available in Paris until 16 july late morning. But we can arrange with a friend about the keys if it's necessary :) The neighborhood is very nice, especially in summer. this is a quiet neighborhood, v	Un joli 2 pièces, typiquement parisien, dans un joli quartier très vert tout près du bois de Vincennes, proche de Bastille et d'Aligre. Nous adorons y vivre, vous adorerez y passer votre séjour :) Pour plus de photos n'hésitez pas à nous contacter. A nice 2 room's typically parisian appartement, in a nice green area very close to the Bois de Vincennes, near Bastille and Aligre. We love to live there, you will love to spend your stay :) For more pictures please do not hesitate to contact us. The flat have a bedroom with a 2 persons bed, a very confortable living-room, a bathroom with a shower, toilets and washbasin,and a fully fitted kitchen. We have one extra mattress under the bed can accommodate a 3rd person if necessary, but we haven't counted in the number of bed because it is a solution side. The bathroom is small but functional enough. The kitchen is equipped: stove, oven, washing machine, fridge ... The flat overlooks in  courtyards every side, which is very pleasant. The apartm
13688	L'appart est refait à neuf, bien agencé, lumineux, très bien placé et parfait pour profiter de Paris pour vos vacances, voyages d'affaires, week-ends ou toute autres visites.	Beautiful, modern & spacious flat in the city center of Paris, near Gare de Lyon and Bastille. Awesome location, close to everything you need. The flat is a great 35sq m, well-designed, recently redone, with a great open kitchen. You have access to everything, you will have your own keys. I'm available whenever you need, working 10 minutes away from the flat, 7 days a week. You have everything you need around : supermarket, transport (subway, regional trains, buses, bikes), cultural places, and you are in the heart of Paris in 10 minutes. You can come by several stations : Gare de Lyon, Reuilly-Diderot and Ledru Rollin are the closest stations.
13689	Situé à 5 minutes du métro. Proche de Bastille. Near the subway station (5minutes walk). Close to Bastille Neighbor 	Ma chambre est disponible pour des courtes et moyennes durées. Elles est spacieuse et lumineuse. J'ai un lit double + un lit simple. Elle donne sur un cours intérieur exposée sud donc il y a le soleil toute la matinée. C'est très calme.  Mon appartement est situé à 5minutes du métro.  My room is available for short and mid times. It's a nice room with one big bed and another one person bedMy room is exposed so you have the sun all the mornings. It's very quiet. Situé à 5 minutes du métro. Proche de Bastille. Near the subway station (5minutes walk). Close to Bastille Neighbor Toutes (cuisine, salle de bain, chambre)  All (kitchen, bathroom and the room) Oui, quand je suis là, je suis disponible pour vous aidez, vous donnez des indications et vous conseiller.  Yes for sure, if i'm here it would be a pleasure to help you, give you advice and the best places to go in Paris. Le quartier est calme et on y trouve toutes les commodités (marché le dimanche matin, boulangeries, supermarché, banq
13690	"My flat is quite unique since I barely made it myself and made also 70% of the furnitures inside. The floor is made of typical french ""tomettes"" and the living room has a 19th century wooden floor.  Since it is on the 3rd floor, you get a lot of sunlight in the daytime.  "	"My flat is well located near Bastille and Gare de Lyon so it is pretty much easy to get anywhere in and outside Paris whatever your transportation choice might be! The neighborhood is nice and you can find good food places and supermarkets around! My flat is quite unique since I barely made it myself and made also 70% of the furnitures inside. The floor is made of typical french ""tomettes"" and the living room has a 19th century wooden floor.  Since it is on the 3rd floor, you get a lot of sunlight in the daytime.  You'll have access to internet with a high debit connection (optical fiber). You have a sound system and a video projector at your disposal (nice to watch movies on a lazy afternoon). I'll make sure there is coffee/tea during your stay for your morning cafeine boost. As soon as your reservation is accepted, I'll send you a mail with every details you could need inside, food, shopping, transportation....  And of course, I will try to be able to answer any question you might ha"
13691	This 48m² appartment has a lovely balcony overlooking a nice courtyard, offering a relaxing atmosphere in the heart of Paris! It consists of a large living room with: - A sofa bed suitable for one or two people ; - A modular coffee table ; - A TV connected to the Internet with hundreds of channels ; - A dining table for up to six people with chairs. A large kitchen is also available to prepare your breakfast, lunch & dinner in a friendly atmosphere! All the necessary kitchenware is available (fridge, oven, microwave, cutlery...). The bedroom overlooking the inner courtyard has a king size bed and will offer you all the quietness you need. The bedroom has a large closet and it provides access to a bathroom with sink and bathtub! A washing machine is also at your disposal and you also have a laundy just accross the appartment. A parking space is also available in the basement if you need to use it (with an access key and a remote control). Do not hesitate to ask further questions. This a	This 48m² appartment has a lovely balcony overlooking a nice courtyard, offering a relaxing atmosphere in the heart of Paris! It consists of a large living room with: - A sofa bed suitable for one or two people ; - A modular coffee table ; - A TV connected to the Internet with hundreds of channels ; - A dining table for up to six people with chairs. A large kitchen is also available to prepare your breakfast, lunch & dinner in a friendly atmosphere! All the necessary kitchenware is available (fridge, oven, microwave, cutlery...). The bedroom overlooking the inner courtyard has a king size bed and will offer you all the quietness you need. The bedroom has a large closet and it provides access to a bathroom with sink and bathtub! A washing machine is also at your disposal and you also have a laundy just accross the appartment. A parking space is also available in the basement if you need to use it (with an access key and a remote control). Do not hesitate to ask further questions. This a
13692		Joli appartement situé à 200 mètres du métro dans une rue piétonne calme
13693		Charming room in a sharing flat of two people. Located in the calm quarter Daumesnil, it is really close to nice places to go out and all the museums and parisian activities. The flat offer everything to cook and watch DVDs for a cosy week end. 
13694	Charming one bedroom furnished apartment in the 12th arrondissement close to everything. Perfect for one or two people, close to shopping, outdoor market twice a week. Fully equipped : elevator, TV, acces to internet, washer/dryer, freedge/deep freezer, vaccum cleaner...(pictures on demand)  Within walking distance to la Gare de Lyon, l'Opera Bastille, la Place des Vosges and la Coulee verte (beautifull green walk)  Public transportation : RER A and METRO ligne 1 : GARE DE LYON - Metro ligne 6 : DUGOMMIER - BUS 29 to Gare Saint Lazare through Le Marais , Beaubourg and Grands magasins.  Available Monday, october 24th through tuesday, november 1rst.	Charming small private apt (30m2), perfect for one people, possible for two people . Well located, close to bus 29 and metro, lignes 1-6, RER A. Charming one bedroom furnished apartment in the 12th arrondissement close to everything. Perfect for one or two people, close to shopping, outdoor market twice a week. Fully equipped : elevator, TV, acces to internet, washer/dryer, freedge/deep freezer, vaccum cleaner...(pictures on demand)  Within walking distance to la Gare de Lyon, l'Opera Bastille, la Place des Vosges and la Coulee verte (beautifull green walk)  Public transportation : RER A and METRO ligne 1 : GARE DE LYON - Metro ligne 6 : DUGOMMIER - BUS 29 to Gare Saint Lazare through Le Marais , Beaubourg and Grands magasins.  Available Monday, october 24th through tuesday, november 1rst. private small appartment Accueil, depart Can walk to Bastille, bois de Vincennes close, metro ligne 1 Bus 29 to Saint Lazare-Metro Ligne 1 and 6 - RER A Market outside twice a week- Sweaming pool 5 m
13695	This is a large and comfortable 1 bedroom modern flat at Reuilly Diderot, in the heart of the 12th district of Paris. A great location:  Very close to Le Louvre and the center of Paris: 5 to 10 minutes with the Metro line 1. 2 min walk from the typical shopping area Rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine. 30 minutes with a direct train to Disneyland Paris. Access from Charles-De Gaulle Airport is very easy: the bus ‘les Car Air France’ brings you directly to Gare de Lyon, which is 2 minutes away from the apartment by metro line 1. The closest Metro stations is Reuilly Diderot, which is in front of the building, and it is also very close to Nation: 5 minutes walk. Until 4 people can sleep; there is: -1 bedroom, with a queen size bed: the same as in 5 star Sofitel Hotels  -1 large living room, with a large sofa, convertible into a comfortable double bed settee (some of our friends have slept there, they were all happy with the comfort!), a dining table for 4 and a desk -1 furnished kitchen: oven,	Clean and quiet 1 bedroom appartment in the center of Paris. Direct train to Disneyland Paris. This is a large and comfortable 1 bedroom modern flat at Reuilly Diderot, in the heart of the 12th district of Paris. A great location:  Very close to Le Louvre and the center of Paris: 5 to 10 minutes with the Metro line 1. 2 min walk from the typical shopping area Rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine. 30 minutes with a direct train to Disneyland Paris. Access from Charles-De Gaulle Airport is very easy: the bus ‘les Car Air France’ brings you directly to Gare de Lyon, which is 2 minutes away from the apartment by metro line 1. The closest Metro stations is Reuilly Diderot, which is in front of the building, and it is also very close to Nation: 5 minutes walk. Until 4 people can sleep; there is: -1 bedroom, with a queen size bed: the same as in 5 star Sofitel Hotels  -1 large living room, with a large sofa, convertible into a comfortable double bed settee (some of our friends have slept there, they
13696	L’appartement fait 50 mètres carrés. Il est neuf, très confortable, et très calme. Il n’y a que des familles et des personnes discrètes dans l’(website hidden) est situé au 3ème étage (avec ascenseur !) et très lumineux toute la journée, avec une agréable vue sur des arbres.Grand lit double dans la chambre (2 personnes), canapé dans le salon (une personne) . Draps, serviettes et chaussons (website hidden) cuisine est entièrement équipée (frigo, congélateur, bouilloire, four, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, plaques vitro-céramiques, hotte, Tassimo). La salle de bains (avec baignoire) est séparée des toilettes. Internet par cle 3G et télévision uniquement TNT sont aussi à votre disposition. Il y a deux chaises, et une table basse blanche à hauteur et taille ajustable pour les repas, ce qui est très pratique ! (voir photos)Vous trouverez un excellent marché (le marché d’Aligre) tous les matins (excepté les lundis) à 5 minutes à pied. Il y a un cinéma juste en face (le MK2 Nation) et un très g	My flat is totally new. I'm travelling a lot and I appreciate coming back home and find everything ordered and clean. Everything is nearby and can be made by walking. Internet 3G (website hidden) TNT only. I am travelling so It will be hard to see each other. If i can, i will definetly welcome the guests. It is calm and peacful.  The flat is at the 3rd floor and you can enjoy a good luminosity all day, with trees in from of the windows. The building is new and there are only families and quiet people.  There is a great market (Marché d'Aligre) every morning at 5min by walk (not on Monday). Cinema at 5min. Really nice Restaurants and bars around my area (especially Rue Paul Bert)    2mins from Metro lines 1 and 8 : Reuilly Diderot 5mins from RER A Nation, Metro linges 6,9 and 2. Bus to Place d'Italie, Vincennes Park, Père Lachaise Cemetery, Saint Germain des Près.
13697	Charmant studio de 21 m2 au 4eme étage sans ascenseur au cœur de Paris (quartier Gare de Lyon - Bastille). Grande pièce principale avec clic clac, grande table avec chaises, télé et lecteur DVD. Cuisine équipée indépendante avec four, 2 plaques électriques, grille pain, grand réfrigérateur avec congélateur, machine à café et machine à laver. Petite salle de douche avec WC. Connexion internet avec Wifi. Quartier très agréable avec de nombreux commerces à proximité. Proche des transports  - RER A Gare de Lyon (5min à pied) - Metro ligne 1 Gare de Lyon (5min à pied) - Metro ligne 14 Gare de Lyon (5min à pied) - Metro ligne 8 Reuilly Diderot (5min à pied) - Station Velib à 100 mètres - Nombreuses lignes de bus à Gare de Lyon (10min à pied) Loisirs à proximité - Balade de la coulée verte à 50 mètres  - Place de la Bastille à 10 min de marche. - Marché d'Aligre (le plus ancien marche de Paris) à 500 mètres (tous les jours sauf le lundi)  	Charmant studio de 21 m2 au 4eme étage sans ascenseur au cœur de Paris (quartier Gare de Lyon - Bastille). Grande pièce principale avec clic clac, grande table avec chaises, télé et lecteur DVD. Cuisine équipée indépendante avec four, 2 plaques électriques, grille pain, grand réfrigérateur avec congélateur, machine à café et machine à laver. Petite salle de douche avec WC. Connexion internet avec Wifi. Quartier très agréable avec de nombreux commerces à proximité. Proche des transports  - RER A Gare de Lyon (5min à pied) - Metro ligne 1 Gare de Lyon (5min à pied) - Metro ligne 14 Gare de Lyon (5min à pied) - Metro ligne 8 Reuilly Diderot (5min à pied) - Station Velib à 100 mètres - Nombreuses lignes de bus à Gare de Lyon (10min à pied) Loisirs à proximité - Balade de la coulée verte à 50 mètres  - Place de la Bastille à 10 min de marche. - Marché d'Aligre (le plus ancien marche de Paris) à 500 mètres (tous les jours sauf le lundi)  
13698	Beautiful sunshine . Facing south. Near metro and bus and any trade. 2 Rooms of 60 m2 modern and all amenities around Family residential area, easy access by foot to the Vincennes wood and Paris zoo , shopping ( Restaurants, butcher, bakery ... ) , fast access to central Paris. Near Château de Vincennes	Beautiful modern apartment with Eiffel Tower view. Near Bois de Vincennes, Metro Bus close by and easy access to central Paris . Quiet and large balconies with unobstructed view. Beautiful sunshine . Facing south. Near to restaurants and shops  Beautiful sunshine . Facing south. Near metro and bus and any trade. 2 Rooms of 60 m2 modern and all amenities around Family residential area, easy access by foot to the Vincennes wood and Paris zoo , shopping ( Restaurants, butcher, bakery ... ) , fast access to central Paris. Near Château de Vincennes Access by metro line 8 or bus 46, 87 5 minutes from the apartment. Quick airport CDG or Orly taxi both airports. We will be glad to let you the guide and area guide which will explain everything about the apartment, and our favorites adresses in the area (restaurants, shops, bars ...) Quiet residential area , it is very well located close to the metro and near the Bois de Vincennes and the Zoo . This is a family neighborhood , very quiet and very
13699	Emplacement exceptionnel personnes 4 personnes 	Magnifique appartement en très bon état, 80 m², 2 chambres avec 1 lit double et 2 lits simple. Idéalement situé à 1 minute à pieds de place de la nation.  2ème étage avec ascenseur. Tout équipé : lave-linge, sèche-linge, lave-vaisselle TV internet  Emplacement exceptionnel personnes 4 personnes accès a tous les equipements
13700	"Situé sur le cour de Vincennes, à deux pas de la place de la Nation, ce charmant studio vous propose un accés facile et rapide à la plupart des points d'intérets de Paris, ( Bastille, Chatelet, Louvre, Concorde, Champs Elysées.... ) Métro, lignes 1,2,6,9, RER A. Son coin de jardin privatif, parfaitement calme sur la cour arborée, vous apporte beaucoup de détente après une journée bien remplie. Le studio, refait à neuf, est composé d'une piece principale, d'une kitchenette ouverte (équipée d'un micro-onde, d'une bouilloire, machine à café, grille pain, plaques électriques, frigidaire), d'une salle de bains (un sèche cheveux est à votre disposition). Donnant de plain-pied sur jardin, dans lequel vous pouvez fumer, il dispose d'une belle hauteur sous plafond et de hautes fenêtres qui lui confèrent lumière et beau volume. Vous trouverez à proximité de nombreux commerces, supérette, boulangerie, pharmacie....etc et le marché ""cour de Vincennes"" 2 fois  par semaine. Le studio est équipée d'i"	"Situé sur le cour de Vincennes, à deux pas de la place de la Nation, ce charmant studio vous propose un accés facile et rapide à la plupart des points d'intérets de Paris, ( Bastille, Chatelet, Louvre, Concorde, Champs Elysées.... ) Métro, lignes 1,2,6,9, RER A. Son coin de jardin privatif, parfaitement calme sur la cour arborée, vous apporte beaucoup de détente après une journée bien remplie. Le studio, refait à neuf, est composé d'une piece principale, d'une kitchenette ouverte (équipée d'un micro-onde, d'une bouilloire, machine à café, grille pain, plaques électriques, frigidaire), d'une salle de bains (un sèche cheveux est à votre disposition). Donnant de plain-pied sur jardin, dans lequel vous pouvez fumer, il dispose d'une belle hauteur sous plafond et de hautes fenêtres qui lui confèrent lumière et beau volume. Vous trouverez à proximité de nombreux commerces, supérette, boulangerie, pharmacie....etc et le marché ""cour de Vincennes"" 2 fois  par semaine. Le studio est équipée d'i"
13701		This  typical haussmanien appartment is quiet and bright,  next to Bastille, la Seine and gare de Lyon. It has parquet, chemneys and trims. Ideal for a family or for a romantic sejour. At two blocks from Place d'Aligre market, coffees and restaurants Fifty meters from Subway, RER, Bus and train station (Gare de Lyon).
13702	Très bien placé, avec un marché vraiment sympa le samedi matin. Chambre donnant sur courre, donc pas le bruit de la rue.	The room is very cute and practical with a fireplace. The location is ideal, there is 4 metros and 1 RER, it's very easy to visit Paris. The neighborhood is good and quiet. There is a lot of shops (supermarket, butchery ,bakery, fish shop, bank...)
13703	Very nice apartment in the center of Paris, Bastille (11th district). My apartment is a 10 minute walk from Gare de Lyon (or 1 station by metro). It is 15 minute walk from the place des Vosges, the banks of the Seine, Ile Saint Louis, port de l'arsenal.  In the close area, you will find a lot of restaurants, bars and shops (greengrocers, butchers, cheese makers, wine cellars, organic food shop, bakeries, pharmacies, banks ,etc.). Beautiful clothing stores, designers, vintage.... Galleries, antique stores....  It is 45 square meters. Very quiet with a code.  It consists of a large main living room, a room and a bathroom with toilets inside. It is really cosy for a couple but you can be four people.  A double bed (size 160) in the room, a sofa bed in the living room which can sleep two additional people, a television with unlimited internet.  A chest of drawers will be available to put away your things.  There is a table for six to have dinner in the living room. Services:  Linens and to	Perfectly situated, cosy and well equiped 45 square meter flat. Third floor accessible by lift.The perfect place to stay in Paris in a homy way.  Very nice apartment in the center of Paris, Bastille (11th district). My apartment is a 10 minute walk from Gare de Lyon (or 1 station by metro). It is 15 minute walk from the place des Vosges, the banks of the Seine, Ile Saint Louis, port de l'arsenal.  In the close area, you will find a lot of restaurants, bars and shops (greengrocers, butchers, cheese makers, wine cellars, organic food shop, bakeries, pharmacies, banks ,etc.). Beautiful clothing stores, designers, vintage.... Galleries, antique stores....  It is 45 square meters. Very quiet with a code.  It consists of a large main living room, a room and a bathroom with toilets inside. It is really cosy for a couple but you can be four people.  A double bed (size 160) in the room, a sofa bed in the living room which can sleep two additional people, a television with unlimited internet.  A
13704	"My lovely sweet home Will be yours for your stay!  40m2 brightened   1 bed room with 2 persons bed and a dressing A lounge with Tv, table in the kitchen, you ll found all you need for cooking or test the microwave! the bathroom with a bathtub and toilet  The terrace for breakfast, ""apéro"".. For your stay, i ll borrow sheets/ towels...let me kwow if something else is important for you!"	"Close to Gare de Lyon (5min by walk)/ Airlines bus stop/ farmer market/  easy to go for visiting all the tourist place : bastille/le marais /notre dame/ Louvre ( Metro 1, 15 min to go towards) My lovely sweet home Will be yours for your stay!  40m2 brightened   1 bed room with 2 persons bed and a dressing A lounge with Tv, table in the kitchen, you ll found all you need for cooking or test the microwave! the bathroom with a bathtub and toilet  The terrace for breakfast, ""apéro"".. For your stay, i ll borrow sheets/ towels...let me kwow if something else is important for you! Vous disposez de l intégralité de l appartement pendant votre séjour ainsi que de la terrasse! Un dressing pour vos vêtement, une cuisine équipée de four, plaque, micro onde, grille pain, frigo-congélateur ainsi que des aides culinaire de base! Une salle de bain avec baignoire, un canapé convertible et un lit 2 personnes. Draps et serviettes pour votre séjour vous seront réservés. Vous disposerez des astuces et plan"
13705	Nice flat of 50m2 with a 10m2 terrasse. 12th floor, directed towars the South. Modern, very clear, with a great view. The terrasse is big and one can dine, take breakfast, sunbathe, read, work etc. That's the best part of this flat.  The living-room is big enough as well. The double-mattress in the room is new and comfortable. The blinds  perfectly obliterate the light and the sound in the room and living-room, which guarantee a good sleep !	Located on the 12th floor, exposition to the South, 50m2 flat, very light, with a  long balcony and a great view over South Paris. Food shops around the corner, 15 min to the town centre and 5 min from one of the nicest parc of the capitale. Nice flat of 50m2 with a 10m2 terrasse. 12th floor, directed towars the South. Modern, very clear, with a great view. The terrasse is big and one can dine, take breakfast, sunbathe, read, work etc. That's the best part of this flat.  The living-room is big enough as well. The double-mattress in the room is new and comfortable. The blinds  perfectly obliterate the light and the sound in the room and living-room, which guarantee a good sleep ! 1 living-room, 1 room with a double-bed, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom (+clockroom). I'm happy to meet up with the guests to show around the flat and the neighborhood, advise on where to go, according to their arrival time. Beautiful neighborhood. Tues., Frid. and Sunday, there are large and nice fruits and vegetables 
13706	It is the place where I live, but I am very often around the world for work. So instead of leaving it unoccupied, I prefer people to enjoy this place for cheap so that they can enjoy their stay in Paris. It is 28 meters square, it has a bed for 2 persons, a couch that can also be transformed into a bed for 2 persons, a kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtube and a washing machine.	I rent a studio in Paris, in the 12th arrondissement, near Nation, at more or less 10 minutes from the center by metro. It is a 28 meters square studio with one room, a bed for 2 persons, and also with a couch that can be also transformed into a bed. It is the place where I live, but I am very often around the world for work. So instead of leaving it unoccupied, I prefer people to enjoy this place for cheap so that they can enjoy their stay in Paris. It is 28 meters square, it has a bed for 2 persons, a couch that can also be transformed into a bed for 2 persons, a kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtube and a washing machine. It is a very calm and charming neighborhood, with a lot of commerce, and very near from places with bars, etc (Bastille is at 5 minutes only, and the center is only at 10 minutes). There are a lot of transports around!
13707	"Situated in Paris, 200 meters, from the Bastille place, in the center of a very popular district, with plenty of restaurants, and shops,  Our flat is on the 6th floor with a charmant wiew on the roofs of Paris. Lift is begining at the first landing between Floor 0 and floor 1, and is going untill landing between ffloor 4 and floor 5. The living room with the kitchen are with beams. A few weeks ago, we waer a new coat on our sofabed. All the flat is very light There is a small bed room, very quiet with one dobble bed, and in the living room one sofa bed for one or twoo persons more. The bath room with shower, and washing machine. Toilets are separate. We are living in the east part of France, and this flat is for our stays in Paris, therefor, we designed it in modern style. Without to many things, but with a nespresso machine. And you will always find some caps. If you are coming with a baby, we have a small bath tub, a baby bed, and a baby chair. Metro station at 100 meters. Ever ""Ledr"	"Situated in Paris, 200 meters, from the Bastille place, in the center of a very popular district, with plenty of restaurants, and shops,  Our flat is on the 6th floor with a charmant wiew on the roofs of Paris. Lift is begining at the first landing between Floor 0 and floor 1, and is going untill landing between ffloor 4 and floor 5. The living room with the kitchen are with beams. A few weeks ago, we waer a new coat on our sofabed. All the flat is very light There is a small bed room, very quiet with one dobble bed, and in the living room one sofa bed for one or twoo persons more. The bath room with shower, and washing machine. Toilets are separate. We are living in the east part of France, and this flat is for our stays in Paris, therefor, we designed it in modern style. Without to many things, but with a nespresso machine. And you will always find some caps. If you are coming with a baby, we have a small bath tub, a baby bed, and a baby chair. Metro station at 100 meters. Ever ""Ledr"
13708	Appartement de 87 m2 composé de: Un  grand living de 32m2  avec cuisine US aménagée avec réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave- vaisselle, micro-ondes, très clair grâce à une double orientation et de grandes fenêtres. Un salon traversant de 17,5m2 avec un canapé, fauteuils, téléviseur et un divan 1 chambre avec lit double de 140, meuble de rangement. 1 chambre avec clic clac de 140 et 2 lits gigognes , placard-penderie salle de bains avec douche et baignoire, machine à laver, WC séparé avec petit lavabo L'appartement est prévu pour 6 personnes. . Il est habituellement occupé par la propriétaire, vous y trouverez donc, tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner et y passer un agréable séjour. Les familles avec enfants sont les bienvenues. Emplacement privatif de parking possible après accord avec la propriétaire La durée minimale de séjour est de 5 nuits. Pas d'arrivée après 20H sauf accord préalable de la propriétaire avant la reservation	A deux pas de Bastille, au cœur du Faubourg Saint-Antoine, quartier vivant et commerçant.  cet appartement  se trouve au 2ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble typique du faubourg. Il donne  entièrement sur cour et offre calme et luminosité . Appartement de 87 m2 composé de: Un  grand living de 32m2  avec cuisine US aménagée avec réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave- vaisselle, micro-ondes, très clair grâce à une double orientation et de grandes fenêtres. Un salon traversant de 17,5m2 avec un canapé, fauteuils, téléviseur et un divan 1 chambre avec lit double de 140, meuble de rangement. 1 chambre avec clic clac de 140 et 2 lits gigognes , placard-penderie salle de bains avec douche et baignoire, machine à laver, WC séparé avec petit lavabo L'appartement est prévu pour 6 personnes. . Il est habituellement occupé par la propriétaire, vous y trouverez donc, tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner et y passer un agréable séjour. Les familles avec enfants sont les bienvenues. Emplacement privatif de 
13709		Jolis lits supperposés pour vos enfants et chambre pleine de jeux. Cuisine aménagée neuve. SDB baignoire neuve. Proximité piscine découverte en été et coulée verte; bois de Vincennes. Quartier cool et accès 3 lignes de Métro + tram. Salon SAM soleil!
13710	Joli appartement, équipé, tout confort, récemment rénové, calme, lumineux, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Il dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires, TV, four micro-ondes, Machine à laver... Accès à internet, salle de bain avec baignoire. 1 chambre avec un lit double + un canapé-lit dans le salon pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires.	Bel appartement récemment rénové, très lumineux, 1 salon, 1 chambre, 1 cuisine avec lave-vaisselle, machine à laver, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire. L'appartement dispose d'un canapé-lit 2 places. Tous commerces  à proximité. A 1 min du métro Joli appartement, équipé, tout confort, récemment rénové, calme, lumineux, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Il dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires, TV, four micro-ondes, Machine à laver... Accès à internet, salle de bain avec baignoire. 1 chambre avec un lit double + un canapé-lit dans le salon pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. Accessibilité dans tout l'appartement Joignable sur mon téléphone 24h/24h n'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toutes questions. Quartier vivant, calme le soir, ce quartier est sur et on se sent en sécurité. A 1min du métro Daumesnil (ligne 6 et 8) (20 min de la gare Montparnasse) , des bus et vélib.
13711	Appartement fonctionnel, calme et frais (ce qui n'est pas un luxe en cette saison estivale!)... Le salon est cosy et dispose d'un coin bureau, la chambre est spacieuse et relaxante, la salle de bain et la cuisine ne sont pas très grandes mais très fonctionnelles!  Je laisserai à votre disposition tous les produits de bas (shampoing, gel douche, thé, café etc.) ainsi que du linge de lit! 	Situé dans un quartier paisible, cet adorable appartement se situe au RdC, sur cour: calme et fraicheur garantis. Lignes 6, 8 & 14 - possibilité d'aller aux 4 coins de Paris en peu de temps! A deux pas: Bois de Vincennes, Porte Dorée & Bercy! Appartement fonctionnel, calme et frais (ce qui n'est pas un luxe en cette saison estivale!)... Le salon est cosy et dispose d'un coin bureau, la chambre est spacieuse et relaxante, la salle de bain et la cuisine ne sont pas très grandes mais très fonctionnelles!  Je laisserai à votre disposition tous les produits de bas (shampoing, gel douche, thé, café etc.) ainsi que du linge de lit! Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble des pièces du logement. Plusieurs zones de rangements vous seront réservées. Ce sera évidemment un plaisir de vous renseigner et vous conseiller tout au long de votre séjour! Le quartier est très agréable: paisible mais vivant. De nombreux commerces de proximité (boucherie, boulangerie, fromagerie, poissonnerie, traiteur etc.) permette
13712	Vous bénéficierez d'un véritable havre de paix dans cet appartement.  Pas de vis-à-vis, la luminosité est présente du matin jusqu'au soir.  Idéalement bien distribué puisque l'appartement se situe entre 3 stations de métros et de bus (juste 10 minutes à pieds). Le Tramway, lui, se situe au pied de la résidence.	"Appartement haussmannien style Feng shui, placé plein sud, vue sur la Coulée Verte. A 5 minutes du Bois de Vincennes, vous succomberez au calme tout en étant à Paris. Vous bénéficierez d'un véritable havre de paix dans cet appartement.  Pas de vis-à-vis, la luminosité est présente du matin jusqu'au soir.  Idéalement bien distribué puisque l'appartement se situe entre 3 stations de métros et de bus (juste 10 minutes à pieds). Le Tramway, lui, se situe au pied de la résidence. L'appartement est à votre disposition de votre salon/chambre privée, à la cuisine, en passant par la salle de bain. Ma chambre étant à l'opposé de ces pièces, vous y serez comme chez vous. Je suis une Parisienne depuis ma naissance, c'est avec un grand plaisir que je vous suggérai des lieux à découvrir, des restaurants où vous pourrez régaler vos papilles, et autres adresses atypiques. Le Bois de Vincennes est à 5 minutes à pieds de l'appartement. Vous l'aimerez pour l'atmosphère que s'y trouve ""La Campagne à Paris"
13713	There is a very comfortable large sofabed (2x2m) and a bed for a child. The studio is equipped with a cable TV with English news - including BBC world, Sky news and CNN - and free of charge Wifi/ADSL internet access. The kitchen area also has full cooking and cleaning facilities and dining table. There are various storage places as well as large walk-in shower and separate WC. Sheets and towels provided. 	Ideally located and totally renovated  on a quiet street near Place de la Bastille and Arsenal Channel offers you unforgettable charming amusement time in thé heart of Paris. It is near Pl. de Vosges, Notre Dame de Paris, Pompidou centre and Louvre. There is a very comfortable large sofabed (2x2m) and a bed for a child. The studio is equipped with a cable TV with English news - including BBC world, Sky news and CNN - and free of charge Wifi/ADSL internet access. The kitchen area also has full cooking and cleaning facilities and dining table. There are various storage places as well as large walk-in shower and separate WC. Sheets and towels provided. Close to metro stations of lines 1, 8 and 5 (Bastille) as well as line 14 and city train RER A and D (Gare de Lyon). You are within easy access (less than 1 minute walk) of supermarket and drugstore. Within 3 minutes walk of all restaurants and bars. I live across the street so I can welcome you with flexible hours. Gate Marina Canal de l'A
13714	Nice and large studio. Lot of storage spaces. Beautiful top floor view. Nice old typical parisian building.	Very nice studio with a design kitchen and bathroom. Fully equipped. Located in East of Paris center. Just above a Metro Station. Easy access from the Airport. Close  Nice and large studio. Lot of storage spaces. Beautiful top floor view. Nice old typical parisian building. Top floor accessible with a lift 
13715	Appartement entièrement rénové, nous aimons la propreté et le rangement. Nous sommes à la recherche de personnes calmes et ordonnés. 	"Bonjour, vous êtes chez nous comme chez vous mais avec nous dans le but de vivre comme un parisien au cœur de Bastille...et si vous voulez nous pouvons vous aidez pour votre visite parisienne. Nous parlons anglais et espagnol. Appartement entièrement rénové, nous aimons la propreté et le rangement. Nous sommes à la recherche de personnes calmes et ordonnés. Vous avez accès à tout, comme nous... Nous parlons français et nous pouvons vous aider pour toute demande avec plaisir. We speak english, we can help you for everything with pleasure. Hablamos espanol, podemos ayudarle con gusto para cualquier pregunta. Quartier très sympathique où se mêlent parisiens ""BoBo"" et touristes. Beaucoup de boutiques. Nombreux restaurants et la célèbre Rue de Lappe avec ses différents bars branchés. Marché d'Aligre très connu. La Bastille, le Marais et les quais de Seine sont à deux pas. Au cœur de Bastille, à deux minutes à pied de la station de métro Ledru-Rollin et à cinq minutes de celle de Bastille. S"
13716	The flat has wooden floor, panelling and a double exposure throughout so it is exceptionally bright and sunny.  Art featured throughout.	Located on 4th floor, with original features and open rooftop views throughout, this flat is the ultimate Parisian experience. All bedding and appliances are brand new, furnitures are a mix of vintage and modern reflecting our love for comfort. The flat has wooden floor, panelling and a double exposure throughout so it is exceptionally bright and sunny.  Art featured throughout. the building has an access code, the flat is on 4th floor - no elevator. as much as needed for info, etc. Although I may not be present to hand over the keys I am always connected and available over the phone. The 11th and 12th are for me the real Parisian life: cafes, up and coming restaurants and bars, independent shops, a beautiful and eclectic market 6/7 days. It's all walking distance! ligne 8 - Faidherbe Chaligny station is 2 minutes away ligne 1 - Reuilly Diderot station is 6 minutes away RER and metro - Nation as well as Bastille are 12 minutes walking distance taxi rank 2 minutes away
13717	Un appartement chaleureux avec une grande pièce à vivre. Proche de la place de la nation et du château de Vincennes. Situez dans une petite résidence du 12ème arrondissement. L'appartement est composé comme suit : 1/ D'une cuisine entièrement équipée.  Elle comprend : un réfrigérateur/congélateur, plaques vitrocéramique, un four, un four à micro onde, une cafetière, un grille pain, un presse agrumes, une bouilloire, de la vaisselle.  2/ D'un salon comprenant un grand canapé d'angle et une télé grand écran.  3/ D'une salle de bain avec une baignoire, un lavabo, une machine à laver le linge et sèche cheveux. 	Jolie petit T2 plein de charme au plein cœur d'un quartier vivant, à 7 minutes à pied de Nation, proche du parc de Vincennes. À 20 minutes du quartier Marais. / Sweet sunny and charming flat in nice neighborhood. 7 minutes walk from nation and near from the Marais. Un appartement chaleureux avec une grande pièce à vivre. Proche de la place de la nation et du château de Vincennes. Situez dans une petite résidence du 12ème arrondissement. L'appartement est composé comme suit : 1/ D'une cuisine entièrement équipée.  Elle comprend : un réfrigérateur/congélateur, plaques vitrocéramique, un four, un four à micro onde, une cafetière, un grille pain, un presse agrumes, une bouilloire, de la vaisselle.  2/ D'un salon comprenant un grand canapé d'angle et une télé grand écran.  3/ D'une salle de bain avec une baignoire, un lavabo, une machine à laver le linge et sèche cheveux. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement. Un joli quartier, avec de nombreux parc fleuris. Beaucoup de restaurants, boulang
13718	Zone très calme tout l'appartement sauf les effets personnels jusqu'à 4 personnes. on est tout les deux disponibles  commerçant, calme. metro, bus no	Zone très calme tout l'appartement sauf les effets personnels jusqu'à 4 personnes. on est tout les deux disponibles  commerçant, calme. metro, bus no
13719		Ce deux pièces est situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) offrant une vue parfaitement dégagée, sans vis à vis. Situé sous les toits, c'est un espace chaleureux et convivial, parfaitement équipé. Situé à deux pas de la station de métro Daumesnil, la gare de Lyon est à 15 minutes à pied. La cuisine est parfaitement équipée, plaques de cuisson à induction, four, four à micro-onde. Le wifi est mis à disposition des voyageurs.
13720	Lovely two room apartment located in the 12th district of Paris, a calm, animated and secure neighborhood. Next to the Place de la Bastille, Bercy, Saint Emilion, Vincennes, gare de Lyon train station and Place de la Nation. Subway station Daumesnil (line 8 and 6) is located at the foot of the building, from where you can easily reach the famous parisian places : - Direct line to the Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse train station, Bastille, République, grands boulevards, Opéra, Denfert Rochereau ... - Only 1 change for Chatelet, Louvre, Champs Elysees, Montmartre ... - Easy access to Disneyland Paris with RER A (Gare de Lyon)  The apartment is located on the 8th floor, with digicode access and elevator and free wifi access. It is 540 sq ft, very quiet and cosy and consists of : one bedroom, one spacious living room, one bathroom and one kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped : micro wave, oven, refrigerator, dishwasher, Nespresso. I provide clean towels and bedclothes, hair dryer or even sha	Lovely two room apartment located in the 12th district of Paris, a calm, animated and secure neighborhood. Next to the Place de la Bastille, Bercy, Saint Emilion, Vincennes, gare de Lyon train station and Place de la Nation. Subway station Daumesnil (line 8 and 6) is located at the foot of the building, from where you can easily reach the famous parisian places : - Direct line to the Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse train station, Bastille, République, grands boulevards, Opéra, Denfert Rochereau ... - Only 1 change for Chatelet, Louvre, Champs Elysees, Montmartre ... - Easy access to Disneyland Paris with RER A (Gare de Lyon)  The apartment is located on the 8th floor, with digicode access and elevator and free wifi access. It is 540 sq ft, very quiet and cosy and consists of : one bedroom, one spacious living room, one bathroom and one kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped : micro wave, oven, refrigerator, dishwasher, Nespresso. I provide clean towels and bedclothes, hair dryer or even sha
13721		Ce petit appartement calme et lumineux est très bien situé, à deux pas des bars de Bastille ou des espaces verts de Vincennes! Bien raccordé aux transports grâce à la proximité de Nation. Idéal pour découvrir l'Est parisien!
13722	The apartment is a one-bedroom of 54 m2 (580 ft2) in a typical parisian building from the 19th century with a digicode and an interphone. 5th and last floor (with lift). It is made up of a living-room, kitchen/dining area, bedroom and bathroom. Very clear and quiet. Professionally renovated and designed apartment. Wooden beams.  It can easily accommodates 4 people (double sofa-bed in the living + queen size bed in the bedroom). The apartment is well-equipped with a TV, DVD, phone, ADSL and cable. Free local calls (except cells) and US calls. The kitchen is very well-equipped : fridge with freezer, a four burner electric stove, a microwave, an oven, and dishwasher + washing machine and dryer.  The apartment is located in front of the new opera of Paris, close to the Bastille. The neighborhood in the cultural heart of Paris with lots of great restaurants, lounges, night clubs, bars, shopping, and art galleries.  The building is just steps from the metro station (Bastille), direct to the 	The apartment is a one-bedroom of 54 m2 (580 ft2) in a typical parisian building from the 19th century with a digicode and an interphone. 5th and last floor (with lift). It is made up of a living-room, kitchen/dining area, bedroom and bathroom. Very clear and quiet. Professionally renovated and designed apartment. Wooden beams.  It can easily accommodates 4 people (double sofa-bed in the living + queen size bed in the bedroom). The apartment is well-equipped with a TV, DVD, phone, ADSL and cable. Free local calls (except cells) and US calls. The kitchen is very well-equipped : fridge with freezer, a four burner electric stove, a microwave, an oven, and dishwasher + washing machine and dryer.  The apartment is located in front of the new opera of Paris, close to the Bastille. The neighborhood in the cultural heart of Paris with lots of great restaurants, lounges, night clubs, bars, shopping, and art galleries.  The building is just steps from the metro station (Bastille), direct to the 
13723		Studio propre dans rue calme et proche de Bercy.  Metro à 2 min à pied, ligne 6 permettant de rejoindre les grands sites en peu de temps.
13724		Studio très fonctionnel, cuisine, salle de bain et pièce à vivre séparées.  Idéal pour un week end à la découverte de la capitale.  Proche de toutes commodités, et des axes de métros principaux.
13725	Room to rent in an apartment in the east of Paris, second floor with lift, heritage classified building (art déco). 2 rooms, a separate kitchen and a separate bathroom.	"Bright and fully furnished room in a quiet little street in the district of Michel Bizot. Second floor with a lift, close to the parc of Vincennes, food stores, as well as to the public transport (metro lines 6, 8). Room to rent in an apartment in the east of Paris, second floor with lift, heritage classified building (art déco). 2 rooms, a separate kitchen and a separate bathroom. kitchen and bathroom  We are two retired teachers and are open to help you discover Paris and to give you information in order to facilitate your stay (restaurants,   ( Restaurants , circuits , usage du velib,déplacement,sorties et visites du musée,shopping) Near the parc of Vincennes, green path (""coulée verte""), markets on tuesday and friday, organic foodstore nearby, good wine shop,famous bakery, French National Library (BNF), and the french film library Tube station (metro) Porte Dorée or Michel Bizot line 8 and Daumesnil on line 6 Tram station Charenton, close to bus 87"
13726	"Appartment really luminous, overhanging a private garden planted with trees, in a quiet property. Composed of an entry, giving access to the bathroom / comfort room, as well as the ""main room"". The kitchen is seperated of this main room.  The kitchen has all the needed kitchenware to cook. The bathroom is furnished with a bathtub. The bedding is composed of:  - 1 bed (mattress made of polyurethane foam for a better to adopt your body shape / size : 160x200cm)   - 1 corner sofa bed (2 beddings / size : 140x200cm), very confortable. The kitchen has a window and the living room a French door which both allow you to enjoy the sunlight's rays during the sunset if the weather is ok! Loction:  - 2 min walking distance from any kind of public transport : subway (lanes 8 & 6), buses, bicycles   - close from all the shops (French bakery, caterer, supermarkets, fish shop, restaurants...)  - perfectly located to shop in typical French street markets  - 20 min away in public transport of the histor"	"Appartment really luminous, overhanging a private garden planted with trees, in a quiet property. Composed of an entry, giving access to the bathroom / comfort room, as well as the ""main room"". The kitchen is seperated of this main room.  The kitchen has all the needed kitchenware to cook. The bathroom is furnished with a bathtub. The bedding is composed of:  - 1 bed (mattress made of polyurethane foam for a better to adopt your body shape / size : 160x200cm)   - 1 corner sofa bed (2 beddings / size : 140x200cm), very confortable. The kitchen has a window and the living room a French door which both allow you to enjoy the sunlight's rays during the sunset if the weather is ok! Loction:  - 2 min walking distance from any kind of public transport : subway (lanes 8 & 6), buses, bicycles   - close from all the shops (French bakery, caterer, supermarkets, fish shop, restaurants...)  - perfectly located to shop in typical French street markets  - 20 min away in public transport of the histor"
13727	There is a really great view. And no flat right in front of your window :-). All kind of stores are available less than 5 minutes from the flat. Ideally situated regarding the subway.  You can go everywhere because there is lot of subway lines. 	Dear all, This well equiped appartment is at 20min from the touristical center.  Near the subway station Nation. There is a really great view. And no flat right in front of your window :-). All kind of stores are available less than 5 minutes from the flat. Ideally situated regarding the subway.  You can go everywhere because there is lot of subway lines. You will have access to the TV, internet and everything in the flat. We will go on hollidays from the 10th to the 24th so there will be no interaction between us. Only the first day and/or last day depending on how long you will rent it. A friend of mine will be there the 17th if you stay only one week. There is no problem with our neighborhood. 2 minutes away from the subway station Nation. RER A, Line1, Line2, Line6 and Line9 
13728	The appartment is a cosy and colourfull 3 room apartment with a typical parisian style (ornate plaster work, chimney...) in agreat neighbourhood. It is 65 m2 big and has everything you need for your stay. The bedroom you will be renting is very calm and located on the courtyard side (away from the street) so you will be able to sleep in quiet :) It has a two person queen size bed and space for your clothes ! 	Nice room in a 3 room apartment with typical Parisian charm. Located near Gare de Lyon in a very nice neighborhood. Easy access to the center and Bastille area. I live there with my roommate and a lovely ginger cat.  The appartment is a cosy and colourfull 3 room apartment with a typical parisian style (ornate plaster work, chimney...) in agreat neighbourhood. It is 65 m2 big and has everything you need for your stay. The bedroom you will be renting is very calm and located on the courtyard side (away from the street) so you will be able to sleep in quiet :) It has a two person queen size bed and space for your clothes !  Living room from 8 am to 10 pm (8h-22h). Kitchen Bathroom Washing machine  Wifi WIFI I would be happy to share a meal with the guests if that's what they want :) The other room in the appartment is rented by my roommate and I have a ginger cat (the sweetest!!!) but they both are very discrete people :) t's a great neighbourhood with everything you need : supermarkets 
13729	C'est un appartement très lumineux et l'immeuble est sécurisé. I'm located in the east of Paris, 8 minutes from the center with the metro line 1. It's a typical parisian flat in a secure building. 	Big room at Portes de Vincennes, next to Nation . Pleasure to host you! Grande chambre dans appartement parisien très lumineux à 5 minutes à pieds du métro Portes de Vincennes sur la ligne 1. L'appartement est à 5 mins en métro de Gare de Lyon. C'est un appartement très lumineux et l'immeuble est sécurisé. I'm located in the east of Paris, 8 minutes from the center with the metro line 1. It's a typical parisian flat in a secure building. Vous aurez accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement, sauf aux chambres de mes colocataires bien sûr :) Je mets à disposition quelques éléments pour vous repérer dans Paris et selon vos objectifs de séjour je pourrai vous conseiller quelques bonnes adresses :) Le quartier est calme, pas de problèmes pour rentrer à toute heure de la journée ou de la soirée. Des restaurants se trouvent à côté, des supermarchés ainsi que des bureaux tabacs, poste et banque. It's a peaceful place near a small park, with some shops & restaurants around. You will feel secure an
13730	Lively area with many good cafes and easy access to the metro and buses. Please also note that there is a small Jack Russell who is very friendly with people and does not chew on anything other than what he is supposed to. Your stuff is safe!	Large private bedroom with double bed located in spacious apartment located in the 12eme.  Please note that while the toilet is separate, the shower and bathroom sink is located in the other bedroom, which wont cause any problems. Lively area with many good cafes and easy access to the metro and buses. Please also note that there is a small Jack Russell who is very friendly with people and does not chew on anything other than what he is supposed to. Your stuff is safe! Guest has access to the entire apartment. The apartment is shared with one lovely host named Tycen who is an american in Paris and has been living here half of his life. Tycen will be there interacting with you, but he is quite lovely. The neighborhood is lively with many good restaurants, close to the coulee verte and Chateau de Vincennes, as well as grocery stores and many other delightful finds. The line 1 metro is only a 5 minute walk. It is the largest and most efficient line in Paris.
13731	The apartement is located in a quiet gated residence. The living room open on the Trousseau garden, and the bedroom on the garden of the residence. The bright apartement (43m2) has a bedroom with a queen size bed, a large living room, and a kitchen with a table for 2. It is new and fully furnished (dish washer, washing machine, tv, cable, internet etc.)	"Lovely, bright, cosy apartement located in the ""hype"" neighborhood of Ledru Rollin/Bastille. 1 bedroom with a queen size bed, and a large living room. Both rooms open on trees. Located in a quiet gated residence.  Next to the lively Aligre Market. The apartement is located in a quiet gated residence. The living room open on the Trousseau garden, and the bedroom on the garden of the residence. The bright apartement (43m2) has a bedroom with a queen size bed, a large living room, and a kitchen with a table for 2. It is new and fully furnished (dish washer, washing machine, tv, cable, internet etc.) Entire apartement I would be there to welcome my guests, explain them everything and give them some advice about the neighborhood and the city. It is a very lively and ""hype"" neighborhood. A lot of good restaurants, bakeries, bars and stores are just down the house. The Aligre market with fresh products is open every day except on mondays. It is very well located, with a lot of metro stations "
13732		En plein coeur du 12e, tout proche des M. Picpus, Nation et Porte de Vincennes. Chambre agréable, dans un appartement de 3 pièces, pouvant accueillir deux personnes.  Quartier sympa, coloc sympa et discrete. M. Picpus, Nation, Porte de Vincennes
13733	This studio has everything you need to enjoy Paris. Clean, confortable and warm, just relax in the sofa after walking all day long on the Champs Elysées. You won't be cold thanks to the central heating system... All you can heat ;) - but please don't waste for planet :p Wanna stay connected? You'll also get access to the 42 inch flat screen and more than 100 channels. Unlimited broadband wifi is also available. The bathroom is big enough to enjoy your grooming! The kitchen is well equiped with a big fridge and freezer, induction plate, micro wave & oven combo, washing & dryer combo machine. Tired? the sofa converts into confortable bed (this is a daily use mattress so dont worry for your nights)	Enjoy a quiet and comfy stay in this modern and all equiped flat. Daumesnil subway station is just down the building, you'll be in the Marais in only 15 minutes. This studio has everything you need to enjoy Paris. Clean, confortable and warm, just relax in the sofa after walking all day long on the Champs Elysées. You won't be cold thanks to the central heating system... All you can heat ;) - but please don't waste for planet :p Wanna stay connected? You'll also get access to the 42 inch flat screen and more than 100 channels. Unlimited broadband wifi is also available. The bathroom is big enough to enjoy your grooming! The kitchen is well equiped with a big fridge and freezer, induction plate, micro wave & oven combo, washing & dryer combo machine. Tired? the sofa converts into confortable bed (this is a daily use mattress so dont worry for your nights) You'll get access to the whole studio since I am often away from Paris. During your stay, you'll be able to contact me by phone or wh
13734		Our flat is very comfortable for a family wishing to visit Paris. It is located near le Bois de Vincennes and La coulée verte, 15 min from Paris center by metro. It has 5 bedrooms and can receive 6 people + 1 baby. Familial and quiet neighborhood near woods and gardens 15 min from city centre
13735	Sa proximité à la ligne de métro rendant l’accès facile à de nombreux sites de visite, Bastille, Notre Dame de Paris, Les Champs Élysées, La Tour Eiffel, les grands magasins : Le Printemps, Les Galeries la Fayette, Le musée du Louvre, Le parc du bois de Vincennes ...	Sa proximité à la ligne de métro rendant l’accès facile à de nombreux sites de visite, Bastille, Notre Dame de Paris, Les Champs Élysées, La Tour Eiffel, les grands magasins : Le Printemps, Les Galeries la Fayette, Le musée du Louvre, Le parc du bois de Vincennes ... Accès à tous l'appartement et à ses services (lave linge ,  TV et internet wifi ... etc) 2 fois par semaine le marché est installé à côté de l'appartement .. vous y trouverez tous légumes, fruits de saison.  Métro ligne 6 et 14, Bus 87, Autolib et Vélib  J'attends des voyageurs qu'il traite mon appartement avec le respect qu'ils auraient envers le leur. 
13736	This charming apartment in an Art Deco (early 1920's) building is ideally located. You will enjoy access to the most fashionable parts of Paris, with the lively district of Le Marais/ St Paul/ Rue de Rivoli / Rue Saint-Antoine/ Place des Vosges  3-5 minutes away on foot and Bastille metro stop practically at your doorstep (150m walk) !  The Gare de Lyon is also very close (5 mn walk) if you feel like going to South of France. Bastille is one of the most exciting areas in Paris (it is where the French Revolution started! ) The apartment is located just opposite the Bastille Opera, which is a very chic area. You will find lots of bars, restaurants and cafés and just behind, the Seine. You will enjoy chilling out in L’Arsenal, a cute little marina with a garden full of flowers.  The ideal place to watch sunset or enjoy a drink! A lovely walk along the Seine will bring you to Paris landmarks like Notre Dame cathedral, the Louvre museum and the Pompidou Centre within 15-20 mn.  By metro (Ba	""" The perfect place to stay in Paris, just next to Bastille and Le Marais. Enjoy a real Parisian experience in a very central location. You will find a lot of bars, restaurants and cafés to make your stay spicy or romantic!""  This charming apartment in an Art Deco (early 1920's) building is ideally located. You will enjoy access to the most fashionable parts of Paris, with the lively district of Le Marais/ St Paul/ Rue de Rivoli / Rue Saint-Antoine/ Place des Vosges  3-5 minutes away on foot and Bastille metro stop practically at your doorstep (150m walk) !  The Gare de Lyon is also very close (5 mn walk) if you feel like going to South of France. Bastille is one of the most exciting areas in Paris (it is where the French Revolution started! ) The apartment is located just opposite the Bastille Opera, which is a very chic area. You will find lots of bars, restaurants and cafés and just behind, the Seine. You will enjoy chilling out in L’Arsenal, a cute little marina with a garden full "
13737	Ideal for a family or friends. fully equipped - 2 rooms: bedroom with a double bed 160x200 and baby room with a small bed for a child -3 years (120x60) - Living room with a comfortable sofa bed 140x200, flat screen TV, wifi, hifi. - Equipped kitchen (induction hob, oven / microwave, espresso machine) - Bathroom with bath. Close to all amenities: Nation, Saint-Mande, markets and supermarkets nearby.	Apartment near Place de la Nation, 2 bedrooms, lounge, kitchen, bathroom, WC. Ideal family. 4 adults + 1child -3yrs. Ideal for visiting Paris, the Château de Vincennes, and Euro Disney (RER A). Close to public transport (metro, tram, train). Ideal for a family or friends. fully equipped - 2 rooms: bedroom with a double bed 160x200 and baby room with a small bed for a child -3 years (120x60) - Living room with a comfortable sofa bed 140x200, flat screen TV, wifi, hifi. - Equipped kitchen (induction hob, oven / microwave, espresso machine) - Bathroom with bath. Close to all amenities: Nation, Saint-Mande, markets and supermarkets nearby. Access to all the facilities of the apartment. Close to le quartier de la Nation, near the Bois de Vincennes, ideal for walking and visiting Paris and points of interest Close to transport: T3a tram, metro Porte de Vincennes line 1 which takes you into the center of Paris and the main tourist sites. Apartment close to Gare de Lyon (20 min on line 1).
13738	appartment of an architect, 3 rooms in paris intra muros at the fifth floor, bright, sunny  and quiet for a small price . like home cheaper than hostel nice view from the window nice flat , typick parisian building, good neighborhood balcony to take breakfast, or dinner in the middle of flowers 2 bedrooms :    first bedroom with one double bed and     second bedroom with single bed  Nice and sunny dining and  living room   separate kitchen full équiped,(washing machine, heaven, .....)  bathroom with bath internet, tv , radio ...good residential area - quiet and secure private street very closed to public transport ( line 1 vincennes- la défense, line 6, 9 et 2) 10 mn to the center of paris , le marais,  to gare de lyon ( south of france), near to velo lib 10 mn to bois de vincennes  near shops ( grocery, bread shop, wine shop...), cinemas, restaurants, swimming pool  and everything you need   you will surely appreciate it as you will be at home 	nice flat in paris . 3 rooms , two bedrooms , a livin room with a balcon to take sunbath. very nice location closed to metro, shops, cinéma, restaurants . for three personns   great time in paris like home appartment of an architect, 3 rooms in paris intra muros at the fifth floor, bright, sunny  and quiet for a small price . like home cheaper than hostel nice view from the window nice flat , typick parisian building, good neighborhood balcony to take breakfast, or dinner in the middle of flowers 2 bedrooms :    first bedroom with one double bed and     second bedroom with single bed  Nice and sunny dining and  living room   separate kitchen full équiped,(washing machine, heaven, .....)  bathroom with bath internet, tv , radio ...good residential area - quiet and secure private street very closed to public transport ( line 1 vincennes- la défense, line 6, 9 et 2) 10 mn to the center of paris , le marais,  to gare de lyon ( south of france), near to velo lib 10 mn to bois de vincennes  
13739	Au cœur du 12e, logement très agréable et tout équipé. Peut loger confortablement 4 personnes (un lit deux places dans la chambre et un canapé lit deux places dans le bureau). La chambre donnant sur cour et très calme. La cuisine est très fonctionnelle avec frigo, congélateur, microondes, four et lave vaisselle. Elle est ouverte sur le salon et la salle à manger, très agréable pour dîner entre amis ou en amoureux.  L'appartement est idéalement situé pour découvrir la ville et profiter de la vie parisienne.	Très bel appartement situé au cœur du 12ème, au dessus du célèbre marché d'Aligre. Le quartier est animé dans la journée et tranquille le soir. La chambre est spacieuse et calme, le salon et le bureau lumineux. Idéal pour profiter de Paris ! Au cœur du 12e, logement très agréable et tout équipé. Peut loger confortablement 4 personnes (un lit deux places dans la chambre et un canapé lit deux places dans le bureau). La chambre donnant sur cour et très calme. La cuisine est très fonctionnelle avec frigo, congélateur, microondes, four et lave vaisselle. Elle est ouverte sur le salon et la salle à manger, très agréable pour dîner entre amis ou en amoureux.  L'appartement est idéalement situé pour découvrir la ville et profiter de la vie parisienne. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement et de ses équipements. Nous ne serons pas présent pendant le séjour de nos voyageurs. Le marché d'Aligre, un des plus anciens et moins chers de Paris,  anime la rue tous les jours de la semaine (sauf le lundi).
13740	Situé au 1er étage d'une résidence calme et pleine de charme, mon appartement est très confortable pour 2 personnes. 30m², 6 fenêtres, la chambre est séparée du salon, qui est séparée de la cuisine. La salle de bain est séparée des Wc	Ideally located: between Gare de Lyon and Metro + 1, 6 & 8 + RER A & D Cosy apartment for 2 people Perfect for visiting Paris Just 20 minutes by metro or bicycle from the heart of Paris
13741	L appartement est bien entretenu, il donne sur une cours intérieure et les voisins sont discrets. Vous pourrez passer de bonnes nuits.  Il est correctement équipé avec tout ce qui peut être utile -sèche cheveux, lave linge, four, micro ondes...  Cependant, il n'est pas très grand - parisien, seulement 30m2 mais convient bien pour 4 personnes. Il y a aussi un petit canapé pour deux personnes sous le lit mezzanine dans la chambre - on peut donc dormir jusqu'à 6 mais c'est vraiment un maximum.	L'appartement est celui dans lequel je vis. Il est petit, 30m2 mais tout équipé. Tout sera à votre disposition - wifi, couchage, couverts, produits de cuisine...  Il est situé dans Paris ; la tour Eiffel, le zoo de Vincennes... sont d'un accès aisé L appartement est bien entretenu, il donne sur une cours intérieure et les voisins sont discrets. Vous pourrez passer de bonnes nuits.  Il est correctement équipé avec tout ce qui peut être utile -sèche cheveux, lave linge, four, micro ondes...  Cependant, il n'est pas très grand - parisien, seulement 30m2 mais convient bien pour 4 personnes. Il y a aussi un petit canapé pour deux personnes sous le lit mezzanine dans la chambre - on peut donc dormir jusqu'à 6 mais c'est vraiment un maximum. Tout sera mis a votre disposition. Vous pourrez utiliser le wifi, ce que vous trouverez dans la cuisine (je vous demande juste de recompleter ce que vous aurez consommé). Je vous passe serviettes, draps... Vous n'avez pas  besoin de venir avec autres chos
13742	Grande chambre, habituellement occupée par notre fille. Lit 190x120. Matelas récent, de très bonne qualité. Bureau, ordinateur avec accès Internet. Wifi. Serviettes de toilettes, assortiment de produits de toilette, sèche-cheveux, ventilateur.	Chambre 17m2 dans appartement de charme, au 1er étage d'un petit immeuble typiquement parisien. Double vitrage. Accès à la salle de bains et à la cuisine. Les propriétaires seront présents. Disponible du 20/7 au soir au 31/7 au matin. Grande chambre, habituellement occupée par notre fille. Lit 190x120. Matelas récent, de très bonne qualité. Bureau, ordinateur avec accès Internet. Wifi. Serviettes de toilettes, assortiment de produits de toilette, sèche-cheveux, ventilateur. Accès cuisine et salle d'eau. Ordinateur avec Internet dans la chambre. Accès à notre réseau Wifi. Ma compagne et moi occuperont notre logement durant votre séjour. Quartier vivant, à 30mn à pied de Notre-Dame de Paris, très bien desservi par les transports en commun (métros, bus, RER). À 5mn à pied de Gare de Lyon. Face à la gare, prendre la rue Michel Chasles. Voiture déconseillée (parkings très chers).
13743	Studio de 40m2, dans Paris 12ème, métro reuilly diderot (ligne 1 et 8). Lit double et canapé lit, cuisine équipée (four, micro ondes, frigo et congél, lave vaiselle), salle de bain (boignoire et lave linge), salon (table de salon, tv). Résidence sécurisée et calme. Proche de bastille, nation, gare de Lyon (10min à pied), Marché d'Aligre 5min à pied.  Lieu de vie agréable, et stratégique pour se déplacer sur Paris. 	Studio de 40m2, dans Paris 12ème, métro reuilly diderot (ligne 1 et 8). Lit double et canapé lit, cuisine équipée (four, micro ondes, frigo et congél, lave vaiselle), salle de bain (boignoire et lave linge), salon (table de salon, tv). Résidence sécurisée et calme. Proche de bastille, nation, gare de Lyon (10min à pied), Marché d'Aligre 5min à pied.  Lieu de vie agréable, et stratégique pour se déplacer sur Paris. 
13744	Are you looking for an unforgettable experience in the French capital ? Stop searching ! In a cozy and lovely appartement of 24m², located at 20 minutes from the very core of Paris, you will fastly adopt the Parisian way of style.	Are you looking for an unforgettable experience in the French capital ? Stop searching ! In a cozy and lovely appartement of 24m², located at 20 minutes from the very core of Paris, you will fastly adopt the Parisian way of style. Are you looking for an unforgettable experience in the French capital ? Stop searching ! In a cozy and lovely appartement of 24m², located at 20 minutes from the very core of Paris, you will fastly adopt the Parisian way of style. By the l.6 of the métro, you can rapidly join the RER B at Denfert Rochereau. At Denfert, the RER B goes directly to the Charles de Gaulles Airport and the Orly Bus will bring you to the Orly Airport.  You can also go to the Gare de Lyon in 20 minutes only. How easier could that be ? You will find pleasant restaurants, bistros, « caffés » and a lot of boutiques. It is not far from 2 supermarkets, a beauty institute, banks, a pharmacy, one of the nicest coiffeur of Paris …not to forget that the appartement is located just above a del
13745	L'appartement comprend un salon, une salle à manger et deux chambres. Nous disposons d'un lit superposé pouvant accueillir un adulte en bas, et un enfant au dessus, un lit double 160 cm, et un canapé lit de deux places. Nous disposons de jouets que mes enfants se feront un plaisir de prêter aux vôtres.	Notre appartement est idéalement situé, à quelques stations de métro de Bastille. Notre appartement est parfait pour une famille, avec tout le nécessaire pour les enfants. Nous avons tout décoré dans un style urbain et chaleureux. L'appartement comprend un salon, une salle à manger et deux chambres. Nous disposons d'un lit superposé pouvant accueillir un adulte en bas, et un enfant au dessus, un lit double 160 cm, et un canapé lit de deux places. Nous disposons de jouets que mes enfants se feront un plaisir de prêter aux vôtres. Deux lignes de métro reliant très rapidement le centre de Paris (ligne 6 et 8)
13746	There are 3 rooms: the small bathroom (with a shower & toilets), the kitchen (with a fridge, a microwave & a washing machine) and the living room with a double bed & a couch. It's on the 3d floor, no elevator.  	"Bonjour, welcome in Paris! You're about to discover a nice apartment, in a quiet street, close from everything. Its size is perfect for one traveler or a couple. There are 3 rooms: the small bathroom (with a shower & toilets), the kitchen (with a fridge, a microwave & a washing machine) and the living room with a double bed & a couch. It's on the 3d floor, no elevator.  You'll also find: - security code to get in the building - wireless Internet connection - TV & cable channels - clean towels & sheets, an iron & its board - NEW washing machine (summer 2014) - iPod dock station (with FM radio) - copy machine/ scanner - Dvds & books. Once you're outside, you're in the middle of everything: 1) A nice neighborhood - bakeries, supermarkets, restaurant, movie theatre - laundry mat, pharmacy, bank, post office 2) The Parisian attractions (by subway) - Bastille & le Marais, IN 5' - the city center (Hotel de Ville/Louvre), the modern neighborhood ""Bercy"" & the beautiful park ""Bois de Vincennes"""
13747		Charming 2 rooms Flat with a huge Terrace. The view on PARIS is unique from the 15th floor. Nice and quiet neighborhood, you will be in heart of Paris in only 10 min. Near the Metro line 1 (le Louvre, le Marais). Be my guest
13748	Bedroom and spacious kitchen.  Bathroom with bathtub. Real bed, sofa bed and comfortable hammock. You can choose! 	Great studio (36m2) well located. On the 2th floor. Clean and fully furnished.  You will find a good energy !  Bedroom and spacious kitchen.  Bathroom with bathtub. Real bed, sofa bed and comfortable hammock. You can choose! There is a full equipped kitchen with a microwave and a fridge.  WIFI connection is also available. Total privacy for guests. There are many bars, restaurants, commerce and market.  5 minutes from the Marché d'Aligre and the charming Rue de Charonne. There are 4 subway lines nearby.  Line 8 (2 minutes walking), line 1 (5 minutes), line 9 (7 minutes) and line 2 (10 minutes). There are some bus lines too (eg. 86 straight to Odéon and Saint Germain). Hope to see you soon in Paris! 
13749	Our flat is warm and sunny, super cosy and full of charm.  It is perfect for two persons, and allows to share the space in a very convenient way.	/// SPECIAL  SUMMER PRICES for long stays in July and August! /// Warm and sunny, this cute typically Parisian apartment is perfect for 2 persons. Our flat is warm and sunny, super cosy and full of charm.  It is perfect for two persons, and allows to share the space in a very convenient way. Guests will have access to all the apartment. It counts 1 living + dining room, 1 big bedroom, bathroom, and kitchen. All rooms have big windows which make the apartment very bright. We'd be happy to give you some tips about the city and tell you about our favourite spots. Our neighborhood is very nice and quiet, full of green areas and extremely well-connected. Bois de Vincennes park is 5-minute walk from home, and there are plenty of cafes and restaurants in the area. Streek market Marché Daumesnil takes place every Tuesday and Friday from 7:00 to 14:30 at Place Daumesnil. Moving around is very easy. The appartment is only 5 minutes away from both Nation and Bercy. Metro M6 Bel-Air is just around
13750	Thanks to the 2 metro lines and 2 bus lines you can reach any major places in max 25 minutes.  The kitchen is fully equipped -we love cooking ;-) with oven, micro wave, 4 gaz cook top, dish washer, washing machine and dryer. One bathroom and separated toilets. Dining room for 6/8 guests and living room with sofa and flat screen with major international channels. The sofa bed can confortably accomodate a 7th and 8th guest Wifi Internet access and unlimited access to international calls to most major countries around the world, including the Europe and Americas.	1 BedRoom within a 3 Bedroom appartement Thanks to the 2 metro lines and 2 bus lines you can reach any major places in max 25 minutes.  The kitchen is fully equipped -we love cooking ;-) with oven, micro wave, 4 gaz cook top, dish washer, washing machine and dryer. One bathroom and separated toilets. Dining room for 6/8 guests and living room with sofa and flat screen with major international channels. The sofa bed can confortably accomodate a 7th and 8th guest Wifi Internet access and unlimited access to international calls to most major countries around the world, including the Europe and Americas. One Bedroom with Queen size (160 x 200cm) Kitchen, Bathroom, Toilets, Dining room Every rooms except the 2 other bedrooms which we keep are private. In order to facilitate your visits in Paris but also all the pleasures of living 'like a Parisian' we have prepared a booklet with all the practical information of our home and things to do around (transportation, shopping, food and drinks, wa
13751	Accommodation located near shops. Several supermarkets are 2 min walk. The apartment consists of a large living room and 2 bedrooms with a total area of approx. 50 m².  Newly remodeled kitchen with all cooking utensils necessary.  Coffee capsules for all guest also included. There is always plenty of space for you to store your own food without worries.  The bathroom is equipped with a shower and towels are provided . Building  secured with 2 digicodes and you have a set of key.	"Private room in a charming flat situated in the Bastille neighbourhood of Paris. Modern falt located on the 6th floor and very well served by public transportation. Perfect location to visit the ""Ile de la cité"" and the ""Marais"" (15 min walk). Accommodation located near shops. Several supermarkets are 2 min walk. The apartment consists of a large living room and 2 bedrooms with a total area of approx. 50 m².  Newly remodeled kitchen with all cooking utensils necessary.  Coffee capsules for all guest also included. There is always plenty of space for you to store your own food without worries.  The bathroom is equipped with a shower and towels are provided . Building  secured with 2 digicodes and you have a set of key. Full access to kitchen and living area. Shared bathroom. Bathroom and toilets separated. Free wireless Internet is also included. Fan of gastronomy, it will be a pleasure to advise you on the restaurants of neighborhoods. Do not hesitate to contact me by phone or e-mail f"
13752		-Double room -Breakfast in the demand -Bathroom with bathtub -Very nice, quiet, close district any businesses - Bastille and Nation a few minutes away walking -Very close transports (Metro 1 / 8)   - Available in May /June and July problem with the planning that's blocked!!!!   
13753	Très bien situé dans un quartier central de Paris avec commerces, sites touristiques proches, quartier sûr et calme.	Confortable et mignon. A côté des lignes 1 et 8 du métro (les plus touristique de Paris !), à une station de Gare de Lyon. 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Quartier animé (commerces, restaurants) et tout à fait sûr. Belle vue sur toits de Paris. Très bien situé dans un quartier central de Paris avec commerces, sites touristiques proches, quartier sûr et calme. Entièrement ouvert à échanger avec mes hôtes, faire connaissance et les guider pour leur séjour à Paris. Sûr tout en étant animé. Métros (plusieurs lignes dont les lignes 1 et 8), bus, Gare de Lyon à 10 mn à pieds. Il n'y a pas de plaque de véritable cuisine. Juste un micro ondes avec couverts, assiettes, etc. Pas de plaque de cuisson. Il y a sêche cheveux.
13754	C'est un logement sur cour au coeur de Paris (12ème arrondissement) au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Idéal pour sortir car proche du cinéma multiplex UGC Bercy, des restaurants et des magasins de Cour St-Emilion. A 10 min en métro de Châtelet-les-Halles.	Appartement charmant et fonctionnel de 2 pièces avec ascenseur situé face au métro Dugommier. Idéal pour un couple. À proximité du Palais Omnisport de Bercy, de la Gare de Lyon, de Bercy Village et de la Cinémathèque Française. C'est un logement sur cour au coeur de Paris (12ème arrondissement) au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Idéal pour sortir car proche du cinéma multiplex UGC Bercy, des restaurants et des magasins de Cour St-Emilion. A 10 min en métro de Châtelet-les-Halles. Je vous accueille pour vous remettre les clefs. Vous pouvez ensuite me joindre par téléphone en cas de besoin ou de renseignements. J'aime échanger, apprendre à connaître mes visiteurs, répondre à leurs questions et les guider dans Paris ainsi que leur donner les bonnes adresses de mon quartier. C'est un des rares quartiers de Paris qui est resté authentique car il y a une vraie atmosphère de village. En même temps il est très proche du quartier d'affaires de Bercy, de la Gare de Lyon et du quartier branché de Bast
13755	Appartement d'une capacité de 100m2 avec terrasse extérieure à Paris Daumesnil. Près de Bercy, la Gare de Lyon, Bastille, Nation et le bois de Vincennes. La sécurité, la proximité des moyens de transport (métros 6 et 8 à 2 minutes) et le confort y sont les principaux atouts. Il est situé dans un quartier calme et agréable à vivre.	Appartement d'une capacité de 100m2 avec terrasse extérieure à Paris Daumesnil. Près de Bercy, la Gare de Lyon, Bastille, Nation et le bois de Vincennes. La sécurité, la proximité des moyens de transport (métros 6 et 8 à 2 minutes) et le confort y sont les principaux atouts. Il est situé dans un quartier calme et agréable à vivre.
13756	Appartement, style loft. Il dispose de 2 autres chambres. Nous contacter si vous souhaiter réserver plus d'une chambre.	Très bien situé et très calme dans PARIS 12ème. 3 chambres disponibles. Chambre confortable, avec un grand lit (160x200) ou 2 lits séparés. Salle de bain privative. Proche des attractions touristiques, restaurants, cafés, magasins, marchés... Appartement, style loft. Il dispose de 2 autres chambres. Nous contacter si vous souhaiter réserver plus d'une chambre. Grand salon avec parquet en bois. Accès à la cour commune avec jardin. Une chambre est accessible aux personnes handicapées en fauteuil roulant. Un piano est à votre disposition dans le séjour. Accès Wifi gratuit. Documentations touristiques et mes recommandations à votre disposition. Quartier calme, avec de nombreux restaurants, cafés, commerces et espaces verts. Proche de la Bastille, POPB Bercy ARENA, La Cinémathèque, La Bibliothèque Nationale de France, les Quais de Seine, Le Musée des Arts forains, le Village de Bercy, la Gare de Bercy et de Lyon, ... A 50m du métro Dugommier, à 400m du métro Daumesnil et à 500m du métro Ber
13757		Studio 21m² à coté de Gare de Lyon proche de tous transports (RER, metro...). Très calme et lumineux, 2ème étage sur cour. Studio apartment VERY QUIET near to train station and in the touristic center, 5 min from main metro lines.
13758	1 bedroom + 1 living room with kitchen + 1 bathroom with shower Haussmann style recreates, with moldings, underbody, cornice and ceiling rose. Modern furniture.	Welcome to my apartment and its bright Hausmann style :) It can accommodate 3 people in a quiet shopping street. On lines 1 and 8 of the Metro, just 10 minutes from Chatelet, 15 minutes from the Louvre Museum and 20 minutes from the Champs-Elysées. 1 bedroom + 1 living room with kitchen + 1 bathroom with shower Haussmann style recreates, with moldings, underbody, cornice and ceiling rose. Modern furniture. The entire apartment is yours! Ideal for 2 people, 1 bed and 1 sofa-bed, unlimited Wi-Fi, wired (ethernet) available, convection/microwave oven, 2 hotplates, all kitchen utensils, raclette / stone grill and fridge-freezer disposal. - Access to the building by digital code - Bath towels - Sheets - 1 wardrobe for your belongings - 1 desk available - DVD player - 120 international TV channels - Home Cinema 5.1 - Iron, hair dryer, flat iron. Attention: the apartment is on the 6th floor. I will welcome you upon arrival (or my neighbor will do) and I will return the last day you say goodby
13759	(english version below) L'appartement, typiquement parisien avec moulures et cheminée, se situe au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur) et a été récemment rénové, il est composé:  - d'un salon: canapé, table, chaises, TV, chaine Hi-fi, wifi fibre - d'une chambre: lit double (de 140) dressing et chaine hi-fi   - d'une cuisiné séparée: four, plaques, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, machine à laver  - d'une salle d'eau, petite mais pratique: douche, lavabo, toilettes. Recently renovated, typical Parisian apartment with ceiling decoration and fireplace; 2nd floor (no elevator). The apartment includes: - Leaving room: sofa, table, chairs, TV, hifi sytem and Wifi. - Room: Double bed (140 cm or 55 in), closet (that can be used) - Kitchen: oven, electric stove, fridge, kettle, washing machine. - Shower room: shower, toilets, basin.	Appartement 2 pièces de 32 m2 dans le quartier calme et commerçant de Daumesnil, proche des transports, de Bercy et du Bois de Vincennes. 2 room apartement (32 sqm) in “Daumesnil’ quarter, calm place with shops and restaurants, near public transport. (english version below) L'appartement, typiquement parisien avec moulures et cheminée, se situe au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur) et a été récemment rénové, il est composé:  - d'un salon: canapé, table, chaises, TV, chaine Hi-fi, wifi fibre - d'une chambre: lit double (de 140) dressing et chaine hi-fi   - d'une cuisiné séparée: four, plaques, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, machine à laver  - d'une salle d'eau, petite mais pratique: douche, lavabo, toilettes. Recently renovated, typical Parisian apartment with ceiling decoration and fireplace; 2nd floor (no elevator). The apartment includes: - Leaving room: sofa, table, chairs, TV, hifi sytem and Wifi. - Room: Double bed (140 cm or 55 in), closet (that can be used) - Kitchen: oven, electric stove,
13760	We leave in the same building, on one floor lower. If you have any problem or question, we are there to help you.	Tiny apartment of 11m2 on the 6th floor (no elevator) of a calm building with an excellent location. Near good transport links, tourist attractions, points of interest, and shops. Possibility of parking. We leave in the same building, on one floor lower. If you have any problem or question, we are there to help you. Parking. We don’t want to only rent our room, but also share with you our know-how of Paris by providing you advices, so as you spend the best time in our home. We live on the 5th floor of the same building so we can help you if you meet any problem.  You need: - 5 minutes to get to the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy (POPB) - 1 minute to get to restaurants, shops, post office, pharmacy... - 3 minutes to reach open air food markets -- twice a week -- (fresh fruits, fish, meat, cheese, olives, home-made bakery products…) - 5 min walk to be in the heart of beautiful parks and the famous Vincennes forest - 10 min to reach Place de la Bastille (trendy restaurants, cafés)  - 20
13761	"Very convenient and quiet location close to Bastille and Le Marais. The metro station ""Daumesnil"" is at the foot of the building. lines 6 and 8 will take you directly to the heart of the city. You need 2 mn walk to be on the ""promenade plantée"" ( green course). "	"Recently renovated 85 sqm apartment with view on the tree-lined ave Daumesnil.  Very convenient and quiet location close to Bastille and Le Marais. The metro station ""Daumesnil"" is at the foot of the building. lines 6 and 8 will take you directly to the heart of the city. You need 2 mn walk to be on the ""promenade plantée"" ( green course).  The fully equipped kitchen really enables you to cook as french people do. Finest teas and Nespresso coffee provided. The bathroom ( with italian shower) is including a washing machine, a drying machine,  heated towel rails and hair dryer. I will be happy to give you advices on this district , its numerous shops and  restaurants."
13762	Hello, My name is Phil and I am the owner and manager of this beautiful Parisian apartment. It’s a real pleasure for me to host people from all over the world. I am always happy to share and help others to enjoy what Paris has the best to offer. ★ THE APARTMENT ★ One-bedroom apartment, 430 sq ft (40m²), 1st floor (1er étage) with elevator, in a quiet and charming building. The apartment was completely renovated with an architect in August 2013. - Complementary description of the apartment:  Entrance, kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom with an Italian style shower and closets.  - Bedroom:  One queen size bed (160x200) and one comfortable pull out sofa bed (140x200) in the living room. Fresh bed linens are provided. - Kitchen: The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, microwave, grill, cooktop, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, dishwasher, dishes & utensils, and cooking utensils. - Bathroom: The bathroom is equipped with a modern Italian sty	Hello, My name is Phil and I am the owner and manager of this beautiful Parisian apartment. It’s a real pleasure for me to host people from all over the world. I am always happy to share and help others to enjoy what Paris has the best to offer. ★ THE APARTMENT ★ One-bedroom apartment, 430 sq ft (40m²), 1st floor (1er étage) with elevator, in a quiet and charming building. The apartment was completely renovated with an architect in August 2013. - Complementary description of the apartment:  Entrance, kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom with an Italian style shower and closets.  - Bedroom:  One queen size bed (160x200) and one comfortable pull out sofa bed (140x200) in the living room. Fresh bed linens are provided. - Kitchen: The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, microwave, grill, cooktop, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, dishwasher, dishes & utensils, and cooking utensils. - Bathroom: The bathroom is equipped with a modern Italian sty
13763	Welcome to my cosy apartment, located near the Nation metro station , where up to 4 people can spend some nights. The flat is fully equipped. It's 65m2 and very nicely arranged with 2 bedrooms and a living room, a kitchen, toilets and a bathroom (with a bathtub !). You'll have access to a private washing machine.  The space is very luminous and the view is overwhelming over Paris rooftops. You have easy and close access to the major metro lines, allowing you to get anywhere in Paris in no time (from 5 to 20 minutes). In our appartment, you will get - an unlimited Wi-Fi internet access and a TV. About checkin and checkout time, we have some flexibility but please send mail, before booking, telling us when you'll be in Paris. 	A very calm and luminous place on the 7th stair of a charming building in Paris. Two bedrooms, and a queen size bed in each one of them are awaiting you along with an overwhelming view of Paris Rooftops.  Welcome to my cosy apartment, located near the Nation metro station , where up to 4 people can spend some nights. The flat is fully equipped. It's 65m2 and very nicely arranged with 2 bedrooms and a living room, a kitchen, toilets and a bathroom (with a bathtub !). You'll have access to a private washing machine.  The space is very luminous and the view is overwhelming over Paris rooftops. You have easy and close access to the major metro lines, allowing you to get anywhere in Paris in no time (from 5 to 20 minutes). In our appartment, you will get - an unlimited Wi-Fi internet access and a TV. About checkin and checkout time, we have some flexibility but please send mail, before booking, telling us when you'll be in Paris.  We have 4 cats. They are very quiet, you'll just have to giv
13764		Loue chambre dans un appartement en colocation dans le 12e, proche de Nation. Lit pour deux personnes, avec un petit balcon. Cuisine équipée, salon lumineux. / Bedroom for 2, in a flat shared with 2 roommates, near Nation (eastern Paris).
13765	City center, Beautiful Apartment, pleasant, quiet giving onto court(course,price,yard), any comfort Building 1930, in quiet, residential district quite close to the Bastille. 2 rooms(chambers), stay, cooking(kitchen) American, toilet and room of bath separated. Internet access, television, washes dishes(crockery), washing machine, microphone(microcomputing) wave, oven, hi-fi equipment,  Any businesses nearby: supermarket, pharmacies, bakeries on the place(square). Station(Resort) of taxi in front of the building as well as subway station and bus in 10m. Closeness parks of Lyon.	City center, Beautiful Apartment, pleasant, quiet giving onto court(course,price,yard), any comfort Building 1930, in quiet, residential district quite close to the Bastille. 2 rooms(chambers), stay, cooking(kitchen) American, toilet and room of bath separated. Internet access, television, washes dishes(crockery), washing machine, microphone(microcomputing) wave, oven, hi-fi equipment,  Any businesses nearby: supermarket, pharmacies, bakeries on the place(square). Station(Resort) of taxi in front of the building as well as subway station and bus in 10m. Closeness parks of Lyon.
13766	Mon studio est situé dans une rue très calme du 12 ème arrondissement de Paris, au deuxième étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble fraichement rénové et bien sécurisé. Le studio lui même a été récemment refait à neuf (belle salle de bain, propreté des lieux, volets électriques, double vitrage). Lumineux, cosy et bien agencé, ce studio est idéal pour deux personnes. Vous disposez donc d'un lit double, une jolie terrasse aménagée d'une table et des chaises pour vous permettre de profiter des premiers rayons de soleil, des petits déjeuners/repas/apéros au grand air, ainsi que l'autorisation de fumer contrairement à l'intérieur de l'appartement.  Vous avez accès à la télévision avec un très grand nombre de chaînes, ainsi qu'à internet gratuit et une connexion Wi-Fi illimitée. Le prix comprend toutes les charges, les draps, les serviettes et mes petits conseils !  L'appartement est vraiment bien situé et desservi, il se trouve tout prêt du zoo et du bois de Vincennes, à 15 min à pied de Nat	Ce studio est accueillant et douillet. Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes, il est situé dans une rue très calme  dans le 12ème arrondissement de Paris à deux pas de Nation. Profitez de sa terrasse, d'un accès à un parking privé ( sur demande ) et de sa proximité avec le métro. Mon studio est situé dans une rue très calme du 12 ème arrondissement de Paris, au deuxième étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble fraichement rénové et bien sécurisé. Le studio lui même a été récemment refait à neuf (belle salle de bain, propreté des lieux, volets électriques, double vitrage). Lumineux, cosy et bien agencé, ce studio est idéal pour deux personnes. Vous disposez donc d'un lit double, une jolie terrasse aménagée d'une table et des chaises pour vous permettre de profiter des premiers rayons de soleil, des petits déjeuners/repas/apéros au grand air, ainsi que l'autorisation de fumer contrairement à l'intérieur de l'appartement.  Vous avez accès à la télévision avec un très grand nombre de chaînes, ainsi qu
13767	Ideal for couples, families and friends, the 1 bedroom apartment in the mansion sleep four people in comfort. It offers a separate bedroom with one double bed and a living room with twin sofa beds. Further are available a nicely equipped kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub, as well as a separate lavatory. 	Ideal for couples, families and friends, the 1 bedroom apartment in the mansion sleep four people in comfort. It offers a separate bedroom with one double bed and a living room with twin sofa beds. Further are available a nicely equipped kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub, as well as a separate lavatory.  Other highlights include: • Broadband internet • Digital TV • Direct Dial Telephone • Weekly Maid Service • Laundry Facilities • Disabled Facilities • Business and Conference Facilities with 3 meeting rooms The guests of the residence can use the breakfast room. Nearby are available a restaurant, a fitness center and a parking area. Placed in the very heart of Bercy Village, this residence is situated in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, overlooking the beautiful quays of Seine River. The mansion is set near Bercy Park and gardens and though in the outskirts of the French capital, the area is served by the means of public transport, including the Meteor metro line and Gare de Lyon tr
13768	Situé au 2nd étage à proximité du Quartier Bercy/Daumesnil (Dugommier), l'appartement a été en partie rénové en 2013 et dispose de tout le confort et d'un très grand placard dans l'entrée. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : Réfrigérateur (avec compartiment congélateur), plaques de cuissons, hotte, évier, micro onde, ainsi que toute la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine (qui se trouve dans le buffet). Le séjour dispose d'un lit double avec matelas de qualité, 1 clic clac pour 2 personnes supplémentaires, 1 table à manger avec 4 chaises, 1 grand buffet, télévision, ainsi qu'un balcon. La salle de bain est propre et minimaliste, vous y trouverez des placards ainsi qu'une baignoire. Les WC sont dans cette même pièce. Shampoing, savons et serviettes sont à disposition. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Located on the 2nd floor near the Quartier Bercy / Daumesnil (Dugommier), the apartment was partially renovated in 2013 and offer	Idéalement situé entre Bercy et la place Daumesnil. Cet élégant studio de 28m2 tout équipé sera parfait pour vos vacances. Ideally situated between Bercy and the Daumesnil place. This stylish, fully equipped studio will be perfect for your holidays. Situé au 2nd étage à proximité du Quartier Bercy/Daumesnil (Dugommier), l'appartement a été en partie rénové en 2013 et dispose de tout le confort et d'un très grand placard dans l'entrée. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : Réfrigérateur (avec compartiment congélateur), plaques de cuissons, hotte, évier, micro onde, ainsi que toute la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine (qui se trouve dans le buffet). Le séjour dispose d'un lit double avec matelas de qualité, 1 clic clac pour 2 personnes supplémentaires, 1 table à manger avec 4 chaises, 1 grand buffet, télévision, ainsi qu'un balcon. La salle de bain est propre et minimaliste, vous y trouverez des placards ainsi qu'une baignoire. Les WC sont dans cette même pièce. Shampoing, savons et 
13769	Ce logement se situe dans un vieil immeuble parisien très charmant. L'un des points forts de ce joli studio est son balcon sur lequel vous pourrez passer d'agréables moments si le temps le permet. D'autre part le voisinage est très calme donc vous ne serez pas dérangé par le bruit mais malgré son calme le quartier ne manque pas de charme. Vous pourrez y faire de très belles balades à pied ou à vélo voire même du sport puisque la coulée verte se situe à 5min de la maison. Vous y trouverez de nombreux bistrots, boulangeries et petits commerces moins chers qu'en plein centre ville.  L'appartement est entièrement équipé : internet,machine à laver, télévision, frigo, serviettes de bain, shampoing. ______________________________________ Este pisito está situado en un antiguo y bonito edificio parisino . Uno de los aspectos más destacados de mi piso es su balcón donde se puede pasar momentos agradables cuando hace bueno. Por otro lado el barrio es muy tranquilo, así que si lo que buscas es tr	Bonjour, Je vous propose mon agréable studio typiquement parisien, bien équipé, simple et accueillant. Vous y trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour y passer un excellent séjour dans un quartier calme et charmant qui offre de très belles balades. Ce logement se situe dans un vieil immeuble parisien très charmant. L'un des points forts de ce joli studio est son balcon sur lequel vous pourrez passer d'agréables moments si le temps le permet. D'autre part le voisinage est très calme donc vous ne serez pas dérangé par le bruit mais malgré son calme le quartier ne manque pas de charme. Vous pourrez y faire de très belles balades à pied ou à vélo voire même du sport puisque la coulée verte se situe à 5min de la maison. Vous y trouverez de nombreux bistrots, boulangeries et petits commerces moins chers qu'en plein centre ville.  L'appartement est entièrement équipé : internet,machine à laver, télévision, frigo, serviettes de bain, shampoing. ______________________________________ Este pisi
13770		Quartier calme, proche bois de Vincennes. Immeuble ancien, parquets et grandes fenêtres d'origine. Très bien desservi (tram T3, métro ligne 8, bus 87, stations vélib à proximité). De bonnes adresses parisiennes à partager!
13771	Bed-room (16sqm): extremely quiet (a big advantage for a Parisian appartment) with one very good queensize bed (140cm x 200cm) 	"AN IDEAL LOCATION TO VISIT PARIS !  YOU WILL LOVE IT !  Bed-room (16sqm): extremely quiet (a big advantage for a Parisian appartment) with one very good queensize bed (140cm x 200cm)  Kitchen: refrigerator drawers, induction hob, combi oven: microwave and traditional (+ steam cooking, crisp, etc.), kettle, italian coffee maker, etc.  Bath-room: bathtub, washbasin, washing machine  WC: WC, electric water heater.  We live in PARIS in a wonderful, calm, luminous and clean 2 rooms apartment. Our district is quiet, our street is with everything you need: a lot of shops (especially bakeries with ""baguettes"" and ""croissants""), supermakets, a big parisian park. French residents - middle class live here.  The 45 sqm apartment is located on the second floor. There is no elevator. Everything kept in original french style. Close to Metro (subway line 8), bus (phone number hidden)) and the rental bikes ! Perfectly desserved by public transports, but it is also easy to park your car for a low price."
13772	2 pièces tout confort, chaleureux et aménagé avec soin. Idéal pour un couple qui souhaite passer un weekend sur Paris ! Vous disposerez de tout l'équipement nécessaire pour votre séjour :  - Mise à disposition de Serviettes de toilette et draps. - Shampoing et Gel douche. Possibilité d'utiliser la machine à laver. Vous disposerez de la cuisine aménagée pour cuisiner à la française (livres de recette disponible) et du petit balcon pour prendre votre petit déjeuner ou votre verre de vin. Machine à Café Nespresso, Four, Micro Onde, Lave vaisselle, Frigidaire TV, Wifi 	Passionnée de voyage et amoureuse de Paris, je vous propose de passer un moment inoubliable dans la plus belle ville du monde ! 2 pièces tout confort, chaleureux et aménagé avec soin. Idéal pour un couple qui souhaite passer un weekend sur Paris ! Vous disposerez de tout l'équipement nécessaire pour votre séjour :  - Mise à disposition de Serviettes de toilette et draps. - Shampoing et Gel douche. Possibilité d'utiliser la machine à laver. Vous disposerez de la cuisine aménagée pour cuisiner à la française (livres de recette disponible) et du petit balcon pour prendre votre petit déjeuner ou votre verre de vin. Machine à Café Nespresso, Four, Micro Onde, Lave vaisselle, Frigidaire TV, Wifi  Idéalement situé :  - Accès direct via la ligne 8 (à quelques minutes à pied) au quartier Bastille, Marais et Opéra. - Accès direct via la ligne 6 à la Tour Eiffel - Accès Borne Autolib et Vélib à côté de l'appartement - Commerces de proximité & Marché - Restaurants - Caves à vin - Proche bois de Vi
13773	Douche privée, accès à un parking privé, proche de toutes commodités. A 10 minutes des gares de Lyon, Bercy et Austerlitz. Chambre donnant sur une cour intérieure et donc très calme.  Accès en face à la coulée verte, balade piétonne aux verts qui rejoint le bois de Vincennes à Bastille. Tram T2 à 2 minutes à pieds Metro 8 à 5 minutes à pieds Metro 6 à 10 minutes à pieds Bus 46 au pied de l'immeuble. 	Belle chambre avec douche privée donnant sur une cour intérieure. Calme. Proche de toute commodités  Très bien situé dans quartier populaire  Douche privée, accès à un parking privé, proche de toutes commodités. A 10 minutes des gares de Lyon, Bercy et Austerlitz. Chambre donnant sur une cour intérieure et donc très calme.  Accès en face à la coulée verte, balade piétonne aux verts qui rejoint le bois de Vincennes à Bastille. Tram T2 à 2 minutes à pieds Metro 8 à 5 minutes à pieds Metro 6 à 10 minutes à pieds Bus 46 au pied de l'immeuble. Chambre, machine à laver et sèche linge, toilettes communs, cuisine, salon, parking privé  Disponible 24h/24 Proximité du bois de Vincennes, musée de l'immigration, la coulée verte, la piscine olympique découverte l'été, proche d'une des meilleure boulangerie de paris, du zoo de Vincennes, 15 minutes de Bastille Metro, tram, bus, voiture
13774		Notre appartement moderne et atypique, doté d'une grande terrasse orientée plein sud, permet de visiter Paris le jour et de se détendre le soir.  (Our modern and rare flat is perfect for relaxing after a day of visit, thanks to the huge terrace) Partout everywhere 1 personne est dédiée à la réception des voyageurs en notre absence. 1 person is dedicated to receive visitors while we are away. Tous les monuments de Paris a moins de 30mn. Disneyland Paris à 55 mn. Château de Versailles à 1h. Châteaux de la Loire à 2h. Nous pouvons prêter trottinettes, scooter et voiture avec parking privé. Toutes les conditions sont réunies pour faire de belles visites et de belles balades en famille. Attention : La durée minimum de location est de 6 nuitées d'affilée. Warning : the minimum length of a rental is 6 nights in a row.
13775		"L'appartement ""Michel-Bizot"" est un studio de 32m² avec un balcon terrasse. Il est au 4ème étage d'un appartement parisien qui se situe dans le 12ème arrondissement entre les célèbres places de la Nation et de la Bastille. Ce paisible et joli quartier regorge de restaurants, de cafés, de boulangeries, de supermarchés, de boutiques de prêts-à-porter, de cinémas, de docteurs, de pharmacies et d'hôpitaux. A 2 minutes à pied du métro ""Daumesnil"", vous pourrez accéder rapidement et directement aux principaux lieux et monuments de Paris (La Place de la Nation, le Palais Omnisport de Paris/Bercy, La Bibliothèque François Mitterand, le Quartier Chinois, Les Catacombles, les navettes pour l'aéroport d'Orly, la Gare Montparnasse TGV, les trains directs pour le Château de Versailles, La Motte Picquet Grenelle et ses fameux restaurants, Le Champs de Mars, la Tour Effeil, le Trocadero, l'Arc de Triomphe et les Champs Elysées avec la Ligne 1 ; Le célèbre Centre Commercial Créteil Soleil, le Parc de "
13776	"In the heart of Paris,near the place des Vosges and the Marais,in the lively Bastille neighborhood but away from the noise, please come and discover your future apartment where you can enjoy a typical "" marais"" home:wooden beams with a seventies touch. Very lively neighborhood with many shops and two daily farmer's markets nearly. The first ; the very popular  "" Marché d'Aligre "" works every morning except on monday... The second ; very beautiful market on the Boulevard Richard Lenoir...every thursday and sunday morning. 2 lines of subways Line 1 (the mean line ) Bastille station , between 4 and 5 minutes on walking , to go to the Louvre , the  ""Champs Elysées...etc... Line 8 Ledru Rollin Station ,3 minutes on walking ,to go to Opéra Garnier and  bigs stores (Printemps and Galeries Lafayette...) A  55 square meter (600 square feet ) apartment with mezzanine( new queen size bed )  where we take care to bring you all the comfort :washine machine, dishwasher, fully equipped kitchen .     "	"In the heart of Paris,near the place des Vosges and the Marais,in the lively Bastille neighborhood but away from the noise, please come and discover your future apartment where you can enjoy a typical "" marais"" home:wooden beams with a seventies touch. Very lively neighborhood with many shops and two daily farmer's markets nearly. The first ; the very popular  "" Marché d'Aligre "" works every morning except on monday... The second ; very beautiful market on the Boulevard Richard Lenoir...every thursday and sunday morning. 2 lines of subways Line 1 (the mean line ) Bastille station , between 4 and 5 minutes on walking , to go to the Louvre , the  ""Champs Elysées...etc... Line 8 Ledru Rollin Station ,3 minutes on walking ,to go to Opéra Garnier and  bigs stores (Printemps and Galeries Lafayette...) A  55 square meter (600 square feet ) apartment with mezzanine( new queen size bed )  where we take care to bring you all the comfort :washine machine, dishwasher, fully equipped kitchen .     "
13777	Nice Studio Double bed Bathroom with toilet So very quiet overlooking quiet courtyard 	Studio welcoming, can accommodate two people. Bathroom with toilet. Kitchen - washing machine - TV - Internet - Elevator -  Shops nearby. Metro Line 8 Michel Bizot 5min Tram3 5min Golden Gate Nice Studio Double bed Bathroom with toilet So very quiet overlooking quiet courtyard Shops nearby Parc de Vincennes Zoo de Vincennes Metro Ligne 8- Michel Bizot ou Porte Dorée Tram 3 - Porte Dorée Pets not allowed
13778	Apartement by architect, very quiet.    Two rooms  with very comfortable beds.  Not conditioned air, but natural thermal comfort	APARTMENT BY ARCHITECT, BRIGHT, ACOUSTIC AND THERMAL COMFORT LOCATED IN A LIVELY NEIGHBORHOOD, MANY RESTAURANTS AND SHOPS, NEAR ALIGRE'S MARKET, PUBLICS TRANSPORTS (3') AND RAILWAY STATION (15') Apartement by architect, very quiet.    Two rooms  with very comfortable beds.  Not conditioned air, but natural thermal comfort A cup of tea or coffee are offered We will do our best :) We'd be very happy to receive people who speak english  ! We like lend city guide and provide good address.  Discretion and friendly LOCATED IN A LIVELY NEIGHBORHOOD, MANY RESTAURANTS AND SHOPS, NEAR ALIGRE'S MARKET,  Everything you need is close PUBLICS TRANSPORTS (3') AND RAILWAY STATION (15')! To find your way to get to our place:   (website hidden) by Orly > 1h00 public transports. Taxi 30' -40' (approximately 50 €) by Charles de Gaulle > 1h15 public transport. Taxi 40' - 1h (approximately 60 €) by Railway station Gare du Nord (Eurostar) > 30' publics transports BUS 46  Chateau-Landon>Faidherbe Chaligny  by
13779	2-room flat with 1 living room and 1 bedroom in a central location in Paris. Typical Parisian appartment with high ceilings, wooden floor, decorative chimney. Very cozy, luminous and clean. Area: Bastille, Gare de Lyon, Bois de Vincennes * Living room with 2 large window doors and a balcony. * Bedroom with a double size bed- Wardrobe available- BEDDINGS AND TOWELS FURNISHED. * Kitchen with all equipment adjoining the living room with a bar and 2 high chairs. Possibilty to dine on a 4 seat table in the living room as well. Fully equiped kitchen : fridge, oven, micro-wave oven, electric stoves, Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster and dish-washer. * Bathroom with small bathtub. Washing machine/dryer. > Free access to wireless (website hidden) with cable. > Capacity: 2/4. > Entrance code, 2nd floor. > Surroundings : The flat is situated in the 12th arrondissement of Paris. Metro station (Daumesnil- lines 6&8) and bus station at 1 minute walking distance. 10 minutes away from  Bastille and G	2-room flat with 1 living room and 1 bedroom in a central location in Paris. Typical Parisian appartment with high ceilings, wooden floor, decorative chimney. Very cozy, luminous and clean. Area: Bastille, Gare de Lyon, Bois de Vincennes * Living room with 2 large window doors and a balcony. * Bedroom with a double size bed- Wardrobe available- BEDDINGS AND TOWELS FURNISHED. * Kitchen with all equipment adjoining the living room with a bar and 2 high chairs. Possibilty to dine on a 4 seat table in the living room as well. Fully equiped kitchen : fridge, oven, micro-wave oven, electric stoves, Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster and dish-washer. * Bathroom with small bathtub. Washing machine/dryer. > Free access to wireless (website hidden) with cable. > Capacity: 2/4. > Entrance code, 2nd floor. > Surroundings : The flat is situated in the 12th arrondissement of Paris. Metro station (Daumesnil- lines 6&8) and bus station at 1 minute walking distance. 10 minutes away from  Bastille and G
13780		Chambre dans un deux pièces entre Nation et Gare de Lyon. Pas toujours disponible.  
13781	Located right between Bastille and Nation, my apartment is very central and will make your stay in Paris very convenient! It is furnished with taste, and offers quiet and light at the same time! The neighborhood is both lively and very safe. Several subways are close, but the closest one (3 minutes walk) will take you to Galeries Lafayette and Printemps-Haussman in 20 minutes. The apartment is completely furnished and you can use all my (website hidden)-DVD-WIFI and phone for France (flat and cell numbers) and US and other countries (to be checked if needed). It is great for a couple or a single person. And if you're lucky, you will enjoy a monthly opening in the art gallery of our neighbors. Please, feel free to ask more...  	Ideally located in a central and safe neghborhood, and charmy, this apartment is great to discover Paris ! Located right between Bastille and Nation, my apartment is very central and will make your stay in Paris very convenient! It is furnished with taste, and offers quiet and light at the same time! The neighborhood is both lively and very safe. Several subways are close, but the closest one (3 minutes walk) will take you to Galeries Lafayette and Printemps-Haussman in 20 minutes. The apartment is completely furnished and you can use all my (website hidden)-DVD-WIFI and phone for France (flat and cell numbers) and US and other countries (to be checked if needed). It is great for a couple or a single person. And if you're lucky, you will enjoy a monthly opening in the art gallery of our neighbors. Please, feel free to ask more...  
13782	Lovely Flat, fully renovated, ideally located in the typical parisian Aligre district (market every morning) and lively Faubourg St Antoine (bars & restaurants). The 55m2 flat is composed of : - living room and open kitchen - Bedroom 1 : double bed (140 cm) 2 persons - Bedroom 2 : small convertible sofa 1 person - Bathroom : great Italian shower - WaterCloset separated  Internet WIFI or network connexion in each room/ no TV Idealy located  > public transport : Métro « Gare de Lyon » : RER (line A : direct access to Disney Land, Ligne D), Line 14 and Trains (Fontainebleau castle) Métro « Reuilly Diderot » :  line 1 (Champs Elysées, Hôtel de Ville, Le Marais)  line 8 (Opéra, Grands Magasins Printemps and Galeries Lafayette)   > Districts :  5 min walk to Aligre market (every morning) and the lively Faubourg Saint-Antoine (gourmet restaurants) 10 min walk to Bastille (bars & clubs)	Lovely Flat, fully renovated, ideally located in the typical parisian Aligre district (market every morning) and lively Faubourg St Antoine (bars & restaurants). The 55m2 flat is composed of : - living room and open kitchen - Bedroom 1 : double bed (140 cm) 2 persons - Bedroom 2 : small convertible sofa 1 person - Bathroom : great Italian shower - WaterCloset separated  Internet WIFI or network connexion in each room/ no TV Idealy located  > public transport : Métro « Gare de Lyon » : RER (line A : direct access to Disney Land, Ligne D), Line 14 and Trains (Fontainebleau castle) Métro « Reuilly Diderot » :  line 1 (Champs Elysées, Hôtel de Ville, Le Marais)  line 8 (Opéra, Grands Magasins Printemps and Galeries Lafayette)   > Districts :  5 min walk to Aligre market (every morning) and the lively Faubourg Saint-Antoine (gourmet restaurants) 10 min walk to Bastille (bars & clubs)
13783	Après avoir vécu 3 ans dans ce studio, je me suis installée à Dijon pour raisons professionnelles. Grande amoureuse de Paris et de cet appartement, je recherche des personnes qui souhaitent partager cet espace avec moi quand je n'y suis pas.  L'ambiance peut être, selon l'humeur de votre séjour : sereine, studieuse ou artistique (je suis metteuse en scène de théâtre et essaie de laisser quelques livres et films à consulter sur place). Vous pourrez profiter de la radio ou écouter des CD si vous souhaitez en emmener, regarder la TV (grand écran plat) et utiliser le lecteur DVD.  Au plaisir de vous accueillir !  Marion	Studio de 21² lumineux et très calme au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Situé dans un quartier familial et animé avec commerces, restaurants et transports à proximité. Idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Après avoir vécu 3 ans dans ce studio, je me suis installée à Dijon pour raisons professionnelles. Grande amoureuse de Paris et de cet appartement, je recherche des personnes qui souhaitent partager cet espace avec moi quand je n'y suis pas.  L'ambiance peut être, selon l'humeur de votre séjour : sereine, studieuse ou artistique (je suis metteuse en scène de théâtre et essaie de laisser quelques livres et films à consulter sur place). Vous pourrez profiter de la radio ou écouter des CD si vous souhaitez en emmener, regarder la TV (grand écran plat) et utiliser le lecteur DVD.  Au plaisir de vous accueillir !  Marion N'hésitez pas à me contacter avant et pendant toute la durée de votre séjour si vous avez besoin de précisions. Quartier vivant et familial où vous ne manquerez de rien 
13784	A nice room with a double bed, in a sunny appartment. Internet access(WIFI), washing machine, iron, kitchen all equiped. The bathroom is equiped with a bath, and is separated from the toilets. Located in Nation at 2 minuts walk from the metro station. All kind of shops are available in the neighborhood: supermarkets, a weekly outside market, banks, gym clubs, clothes shops, restaurants and café, Parkings... The visitors will be provided clean sheets, blankets and towels. No food service is included in the price, but possibility to use the kitchen. The flat will be shared with the (website hidden): smokers can smoke only on the balcony.	A nice room with a double bed, in a sunny appartment. Internet access(WIFI), washing machine, iron, kitchen all equiped. The bathroom is equiped with a bath, and is separated from the toilets. Located in Nation at 2 minuts walk from the metro station. All kind of shops are available in the neighborhood: supermarkets, a weekly outside market, banks, gym clubs, clothes shops, restaurants and café, Parkings... The visitors will be provided clean sheets, blankets and towels. No food service is included in the price, but possibility to use the kitchen. The flat will be shared with the (website hidden): smokers can smoke only on the balcony.
13785	Unique in Paris : Apartment with 20m² terrace in a quiet residential estate above garden. 1 master bedroom with dressing room and a large bathroom. Second bathroom with modern & spacious shower. US kitchen provides great moments of conviviality. The terrace can be heated & allows use from spring to autumn.  2 bedrooms with double beds can accommodate 2 couples. The Children bedroom is for 2 but may accommodate a 3rd thanks to a trundle bed( Beds for children or adults). Exceptionnaly 1 adult and 1 child could sleep in the living-room on the sofas.	Beautiful 4 rooms renovated, 3 bedrooms, 2 quiet terraces, 1 bathroom&1shower, Beautiful living room with US kitchen, living & dining room on quiet south facing terrace. 7th floor with lift not overlooked, concierge & secure parking. Unique in Paris : Apartment with 20m² terrace in a quiet residential estate above garden. 1 master bedroom with dressing room and a large bathroom. Second bathroom with modern & spacious shower. US kitchen provides great moments of conviviality. The terrace can be heated & allows use from spring to autumn.  2 bedrooms with double beds can accommodate 2 couples. The Children bedroom is for 2 but may accommodate a 3rd thanks to a trundle bed( Beds for children or adults). Exceptionnaly 1 adult and 1 child could sleep in the living-room on the sofas. To the whole apartment well furnished: kitchen, multifunction oven, US refrigerator, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, 152cm screen TV, Wifi. Parking in the residence if necessary. Within 300m : Many shops, Sub
13786	2 bedrooms : one for couple with the big bed  ( 160 cm), and one for child with a small bed  ( 90/160 cm ).  One additional person is possible on the sofa.	You want to enjoy the charm of the beautiful duplex apartment in Haussmannien building, welcome in our personal apartment. Situated on the 5th and the last 6th floor, no lift, very bright & quiet. 80 sqm flat and 13 sqm balcony with the Effeil view. 2 bedrooms : one for couple with the big bed  ( 160 cm), and one for child with a small bed  ( 90/160 cm ).  One additional person is possible on the sofa. Located : Faidherbe, Faubourg St Antoine, Aligre and Bastille area. Our neighborhood is charming, greats spots to go out, many restaurants & bars.  5mn walk to marché d'aligre, 10mn walk to Gare de Lyon ( airport buses ), 1mn walk to métro  line 8 Faidherbe Chaligny ( Opéra, Concorde…) and line 1 Reuilly Diderot ( Hotel de ville, Châtelet, Musée du Louvre, Champs Elysées... ) Very easy & quick to get everywhere in Paris. 
13787	Très calme au cœur de Paris qui donne sur un petit espace pelouse.  	Situé au cœur de Paris directe Les Halles, Le Louvres, Musée d'Orsay, centre, vrai bon matelas, le métro est à 5 mètres de ma porte  Consignes à disposition dans les gares de train :  (website ) In : 14 h Out. : 12 h  1 lit double: 2 adultes 1 matelas d'appoint : 1 enfant  Très calme au cœur de Paris qui donne sur un petit espace pelouse.  Gare de Lyon est à une station.  L'aéroport  Charles De Gaulles est à 35 mn en transport avec un seul changement  Le métro est juste en bas de mon immeuble.  La station de métro : Reuilly Diderot Si je suis à Paris je peux vous accompagner au musée si vous le voulez Un mélange de calme et de proximité de tout commerce, bar, restaurant, cinéma et c'est à 5 mn à pied de bastille.  RER A et métros lignes 1 et 8  Ma station de métro : Reuilly Diderot  Les peintures sont neuves
13788	Un appartement calme, spacieux et charmant.	"Grand appartement familial, 3 chambres ( 1 lit double, 2 lits simples, 1 lit enfant). Très calme, idéal pour famille. A deux pas de bastille, de la gare de Lyon, du marais. Au coeur du quartier d'Aligre. Proche marché, commerces et transports.     Un appartement calme, spacieux et charmant. Je serais joignable par téléphone et par mail. Possibilité de rencontrer les voyageurs. Un quartier paisible, familial, sans trop de circulation de voitures. Typique du ""Paris d'Antan"" avec le marché d'Aligre quotidien et beaucoup de commerces alentours (boulangeries, kisoques, supermarchés, magasins de vêtements...). Il y fait bon vivre et se situe à 5 minutes de Bastille et Gare de Lyon, où l'animation bat son plein. Les transports (train, bus, métro, station vélib') sont accessibles très simplement. C'est un plaisir de séjourner ici!!! On peut accéder au logement par La ligne 8 du métro arrêt Ledru Rollin, la ligne 1 du métro arrêt gare de Lyon, le RER A et B arrêt gare de Lyon. Nous pouvons accu"
13789	Particular care has been taken with the decoration in choosing materials which lend themselves to a warm and friendly atmosphere.	"This tastefully decorated 45 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue du Louvre in the 1st arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. Particular care has been taken with the decoration in choosing materials which lend themselves to a warm and friendly atmosphere. Perfectly located near the train station : Gare de Lyon The nearest metro stations are ""Reuilly Diderot"" (line 1-8), ""Gare de Lyon"" (Line 1-14, RER A, RER D). For your check-in one of our staff member will be there to welcome you. Household linen is furnished (bath towel, sheet).  Internet with a wifi connection and cable TV are available. If you have any problems in your apartment during your stay, we have an operational team who can help you in the shortest time. Everything is included in the price, there is no additional charge (note that credit card fee will apply) • 10 days before your arrival, you will receive an email with information about our welcome agent"
13790		La studette se situe près de la place Daumesnil près de tous les commerçants. Elle est calme et lumineuse avec cuisine équipée et douche. Elle est au 7eme étage sans ascenseur. Il y la TV avec tnt. Les wc sont sur le palier.
13791	The flat is composed of a double bed + another double-sofa bed.  You will have a 3D TV at your disposal, a shower with a mirror, parquet flooring, a waffle maker and a giant hassock... In a word, everything needed for a pleasant stay. See you soon I hope ! =) Distances (à pied) :  Gare de Lyon : 5’  Bastille: 10’  Nation : 10’	"Cute flat which was completely refurbished. It is very close from ""Gare de Lyon"" and several subways. A perfect place for holidays in Paris ! The flat is composed of a double bed + another double-sofa bed.  You will have a 3D TV at your disposal, a shower with a mirror, parquet flooring, a waffle maker and a giant hassock... In a word, everything needed for a pleasant stay. See you soon I hope ! =) Distances (à pied) :  Gare de Lyon : 5’  Bastille: 10’  Nation : 10’ Everything. As much as you want and according to my own timetable too. Many supermarkets and bakeries very close. Bastille is a must-do if you wanna go out at night. By walking (if you come from metro or the train station) or cycling."
13792	"T1 Quartier Reuilly-Faidherbe très animé. à 2 min à pied du M1 ""Reuilly-Diderot"" ligne traversant Paris d'Est en Ouest idéal pour visiter Paris. Ensoleillé, très calme sur cour."	"T1 Quartier Reuilly-Faidherbe très animé. à 30 s à pied du M1-M8 ""Reuilly-Diderot"" ligne traversant Paris d'Est en Ouest idéal pour visiter Paris. Ensoleillé, très calme sur cour. T1 Quartier Reuilly-Faidherbe très animé. à 2 min à pied du M1 ""Reuilly-Diderot"" ligne traversant Paris d'Est en Ouest idéal pour visiter Paris. Ensoleillé, très calme sur cour. location du logement en entier échanges en préparation de votre séjour et lors de la remise des clefs. M1 et M8 à 2 min, RER A nation à 5 min à pied. "
13793	Great flat (30m2) in a very nice and quiet area at only 6mn by tube from the heart of Paris (Chatelet Station). The flat is very bright, it is on the 6th floor with elevator, it has a separate kitchen and a large bathroom. The main room has all the comfort: a big bed very comfortable for 2 people. You also have a dining table. HIFI, WIFI free access. The studio can host 2 persons with all confort.	Great, bright and quiet flat (30m2) 3 minutes walk from the Metro Cour Saint Emilion, 5 minutes from the Gare de Lyon ( with the tube 14 or the bus 24) and 7 minutes from the center of Paris (Châtelet metro). The flat is in a very nice neighborhood. Great flat (30m2) in a very nice and quiet area at only 6mn by tube from the heart of Paris (Chatelet Station). The flat is very bright, it is on the 6th floor with elevator, it has a separate kitchen and a large bathroom. The main room has all the comfort: a big bed very comfortable for 2 people. You also have a dining table. HIFI, WIFI free access. The studio can host 2 persons with all confort. The flat is at less than 3 minutes by walk from Saint Emilion Court Station (line 14) (email hidden) from Gare de Lyon Station (with the line 14). From Bercy Station you can walk about 7mn to the flat. The flat is at 6mn by tube from the heart of Paris (Chatelet Station).  If needed I can show you some nice places in Paris The flat is at less than
13794	Located in the 6th floor (with an ELEVATOR), this apartment has parquet floors, high ceilings, a south oriented balcony, a washer, a tv, a dish machine... The living room is an excellent place to relax and have a nice meal, with its south oriented glass walls that capture any ray of light coming from the largest avenue in Paris! For sleeping (maximum 6), there are two double bedrooms and there is also a double sofa bed in the lounge. 	"Fantastic location - ""Place de la Nation"" offers lots of  metro and bus connexions.  For ex, you can easily and directly go to the Eiffel Tower, the Louvres museum, le Sacré Coeur, les Champs Elysées, l'Opéra Garnier,... And also Disneyland Paris! Located in the 6th floor (with an ELEVATOR), this apartment has parquet floors, high ceilings, a south oriented balcony, a washer, a tv, a dish machine... The living room is an excellent place to relax and have a nice meal, with its south oriented glass walls that capture any ray of light coming from the largest avenue in Paris! For sleeping (maximum 6), there are two double bedrooms and there is also a double sofa bed in the lounge. Guests have access to the full apartment. (Fresh towels & bed sheets will be of course provided :-)  We won't be in the flat but we will of course welcome you in person.  We are very easy to contact and will be pleased to help you organising your trip in Paris and to answer any question about the apartment. We lo"
13795	 THIS IS NOT A SHARE. You will have the whole apartment for yourselves. I will be out of town for few weeks. During this period of time, I offer a recently refurbished and fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment in Bastille area.  The apartment is quiet and is meant for 4 persons max.  The flat Consists of:  * A living room including 2 couches that can be transformed in a bed (linens & sheets available)  * A bathroom with tub and toilet,  * A fully equipped kitchen with all kitchen utensils (including Micro-Wave oven and oven)  High Speed Wi-fi Internet is included.  Located in the 3rd floor of a building (Lift available) Please contact me if further details are needed. Important note: Please note that towels are not provided (only clean linens are provided)	 THIS IS NOT A SHARE. You will have the whole apartment for yourselves. I will be out of town for few weeks. During this period of time, I offer a recently refurbished and fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment in Bastille area.  The apartment is quiet and is meant for 4 persons max.  The flat Consists of:  * A living room including 2 couches that can be transformed in a bed (linens & sheets available)  * A bathroom with tub and toilet,  * A fully equipped kitchen with all kitchen utensils (including Micro-Wave oven and oven)  High Speed Wi-fi Internet is included.  Located in the 3rd floor of a building (Lift available) Please contact me if further details are needed. Important note: Please note that towels are not provided (only clean linens are provided)
13796	"Very nice flat located in a green area of the South of Paris. You will appreciate the charm of  ""grand boulevard"" style architecture (beautiful wooden floors, fireplaces and moulding) discreetly enhanced with the modern comforts."	"2 Bedroom Parisian flat (Haussman period building). Ideal for family (baby changing area), nature lovers (5 min walk to the Vincennes Woods, many green axis) and discovery of Paris. Very nice flat located in a green area of the South of Paris. You will appreciate the charm of  ""grand boulevard"" style architecture (beautiful wooden floors, fireplaces and moulding) discreetly enhanced with the modern comforts. Access only to the parental room (location of the baby changing area), living room (with convertible settee click-clac), bathroom (with bath), separate toilets, kitchen (functional). I am happy to help and I will remain available during your stay for any assistance Perfect mix of a quiet building located in a moderate busy area Local Facilities for families – library, parks, theatre  Short walk to Vincennes Woods, Bercy, Reuilly Garden (green axis) Extensive range of shops, bars and restaurants - very accessible to transportation (taxi 24/7, bus, underground, bike...) - close to Da"
13797	We are a couple staying in midst of Paris in  a Lovely and spacious apartment. We invite you to share our apartment with a room of your own. The room is comfortable for 2 People. Best for guests who want to spend a comfortable night and spend the day exploring Paris.	"Ideal for you if you want to spend most time exploring Paris. Abosolutely comfortable, centrally located in Paris. 5 minutes walking from Gare de Lyon train station , Bastille - Rue de Lappe.  Perfect location for guests who just need a stopover before taking their trains from Gare De Lyon. We are a couple staying in midst of Paris in  a Lovely and spacious apartment. We invite you to share our apartment with a room of your own. The room is comfortable for 2 People. Best for guests who want to spend a comfortable night and spend the day exploring Paris. You will have space to keep your things and to sleep comfortably. Other areas of the house will be shared like the bathroom and the toilet.  Kitchen is accessible for tea and coffee and for heating ready-made stuff in microwave. If you are Lucky, We might share food with you! Here you get to explore and enjoy the typical Parisian way of life. - 5 minutes walk to the most happening ""Bastille"" region with loads of Bars and restaurants to "
13798	Located in the back of a quiet courtyard, surrounded by trees, you can easily enjoy this clean, minimal apartment from all major metro and bus lines.	Located in the Bastille neighbourhood only three metro stops away from Le Marais. This one bedroom apartment, in the back of a quiet bamboo courtyard, is the perfect retreat for your Paris visit. Located in the back of a quiet courtyard, surrounded by trees, you can easily enjoy this clean, minimal apartment from all major metro and bus lines. You will have access to a kitchen, bar, bathroom, bedroom, and living room.  I am around to help out unless specified. Good and affordable food, bars, parks, and shops. Located directly in front of the building, you have metro line 8. Line 8 is your direct connection to most major stops in Paris including Bastille, Le Marais, Republique, Grand Boulevard, Opera, Concorde, and Madeleine.
13799		Bel appartement de 70m² près de la place de la Nation dans un quartier très agréable. Situé à 30m du métro Nation (lignes 1, 2, 6 et 9 et RER A) desservant le centre de Paris et Disneyland. Double séjour,2 chambres. 4è sans ascenseur.Cuisine équipée.
