15000	This 35m2 apartment has one closed bedroom, with full bathroom ensuite, and a separate, spacious open living room /kitchen area, with equipped kitchen (fridge, hot plates, microwave, all pans, plates, utilensils), couch and TV (one TV station, TF1). Internet is WIFI. The apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator. It is sunny with a lovely view of the street and the elegant and unoccupied Hotel de La Vrillière across the street: no vis à vis, total privacy! There is a door code to access the building. The door to the building is locked 24/7. The 1st arrondissement is known for the Louvre and Palais Royal, its super-central location in the city, and for being one of the safest neighborhoods in Paris.	At Louvre Paris 1er: a great view from a sunny flat, 1-bedroom with spacious, separate living/kitchen area, equipped, wifi. So many metro & RER lines close by!  5-minute walk to the Seine, Louvre ; Velib bikes 50m away. All is accessible from here, the heart of Paris. C'est top! This 35m2 apartment has one closed bedroom, with full bathroom ensuite, and a separate, spacious open living room /kitchen area, with equipped kitchen (fridge, hot plates, microwave, all pans, plates, utilensils), couch and TV (one TV station, TF1). Internet is WIFI. The apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator. It is sunny with a lovely view of the street and the elegant and unoccupied Hotel de La Vrillière across the street: no vis à vis, total privacy! There is a door code to access the building. The door to the building is locked 24/7. The 1st arrondissement is known for the Louvre and Palais Royal, its super-central location in the city, and for being one of the safest neighborhoods in Paris. Walking
15001		    Elegant appartement, situé rue saint honoré à Paris, à quelques pas de la place vendôme et du jardin des tuileries. Style loft, 2 chambres, 1 salle de bains (douche + baignoire), cuisine spacieuse, lumineuse et chaleureuse.      
15002	Charming apartment Paris OPERA, SEINE, LOUVRE with WIFI 1 bedroom for 4 guests. One bedroom apartment, sleeps 4, 1 bathroom, with WIFI. The apartment is at the heart of the tourist district, Place du Marché Saint Honoré, 75002 PARIS in the heart of PARIS OPERA-close to the Royal Palace, in the heart of Chatelet Les Halles, Paris Opera, Louvre . Place du Marché Saint Honoré is a very special place, very quiet without a car and surrounded by many restaurants. OPERA GARNIER is about 500 meters away. The 3rd and last floor courtyard, sunny and bright with no elevator, the apartment is 30 square meters: Separate bedroom, fitted kitchen with washing machine, fridge, coffee machine, kettle, iron, electric hob, microwave , vacuum cleaner, TV, WIFI internet, a lounge and a bathroom with shower. 4 beds distributed: 1 separate living room with a great room sofa bed 140 * 200 and a lounge with convertible sofa bed 140 cm with a very good mattress. You can add in the great room an air mattress for 	Charming apartment Paris OPERA, SEINE, LOUVRE with WIFI 1 bedroom for 4 guests. One bedroom apartment, sleeps 4, 1 bathroom, with WIFI. The apartment is at the heart of the tourist district, Place du Marché Saint Honoré, 75002 PARIS in the heart of PARIS OPERA-close to the Royal Palace, in the heart of Chatelet Les Halles, Paris Opera, Louvre . Place du Marché Saint Honoré is a very special place, very quiet without a car and surrounded by many restaurants. OPERA GARNIER is about 500 meters away. The 3rd and last floor courtyard, sunny and bright with no elevator, the apartment is 30 square meters: Separate bedroom, fitted kitchen with washing machine, fridge, coffee machine, kettle, iron, electric hob, microwave , vacuum cleaner, TV, WIFI internet, a lounge and a bathroom with shower. 4 beds distributed: 1 separate living room with a great room sofa bed 140 * 200 and a lounge with convertible sofa bed 140 cm with a very good mattress. You can add in the great room an air mattress for 
15003	Apartment/ flat : 2 - 4 people - 538 ft² Open-plan kitchen 1 Living room with sofa bed (2 people) 1 Bedroom with 2 twin beds (2 people) 1 Bathroom with toilet inside In the heart of Paris between the Louvre, the Palais Royal, les Halles, Montorgueil market. Modern building built in 1960. Apartment (50m2) located on the 6th floor with lift, quiet, clear, large windows overlooking a courtyard. Includes: 1 room with 2 beds, 1 living room with a sofa bed for 2 persons, 1 American kitchen open on the living room and dining room equipped with table and 6 chairs, bathroom with toilet and bath with shower and hair dryer. At the entrance of the apartment there are three Closets where you can store all your luggage comfortably. Central heating. Portable air conditioning. Equipment: 2 burner ceramic hob, refrigerator, extractor, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, (website hidden), internet wi-fi free, unlimited, fan, vacuum cleaner, radio CD, . If you want to stay connected, has at its dis	Quiet apartment with its 4 windows on courtyard side. 2 twin beds in the bedroom and 1 sofa bed in the lounge. Near the Louvre Museum and the Royal Palace in a area full of good restaurants and shops. Easy access to all the monuments. Apartment/ flat : 2 - 4 people - 538 ft² Open-plan kitchen 1 Living room with sofa bed (2 people) 1 Bedroom with 2 twin beds (2 people) 1 Bathroom with toilet inside In the heart of Paris between the Louvre, the Palais Royal, les Halles, Montorgueil market. Modern building built in 1960. Apartment (50m2) located on the 6th floor with lift, quiet, clear, large windows overlooking a courtyard. Includes: 1 room with 2 beds, 1 living room with a sofa bed for 2 persons, 1 American kitchen open on the living room and dining room equipped with table and 6 chairs, bathroom with toilet and bath with shower and hair dryer. At the entrance of the apartment there are three Closets where you can store all your luggage comfortably. Central heating. Portable air conditi
15004	Wonderful sunny flat in the heart of Le Quartier Latin/Saint Michel with a beautiful view on Notre-Dame-de-Paris and Le Panthéon. Wonderful sunny flat in the heart of Le Quartier Latin/Saint Michel with a beautiful view on Notre-Dame-de-Paris and Le Panthéon. The apartment is at 5 minutes by feet from Notre-Dame-de Paris and St-Germain-des-Près, the Luxembourg garden and Carrefour de l'Odéon with its famous cafés and restaurants. This 70sqm apartment offers a large living room with TV and Wi-Fi, a fully equipped small kitchen, a double bedroom with King size bed, a bathroom with washing machine and dryer, and a dining room who can be change in a single bedroom. The apartment is located on 5th floor with NO elevator. Linens, towels are provided. + 26€ for a cleaner. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre! Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, the Quartier Latin. Typical French/Parisian appartment in the heart of Le Quartier Latin/Saint M	Wonderful flat in the heart of the latin quarter Saint Michel. 5 minutes by feet from Notre Dame and St Germain des près. A lot of restaurants. A lot of shine in the flat. Beautiful view to the panthéon and Notre DAME. Wonderful sunny flat in the heart of Le Quartier Latin/Saint Michel with a beautiful view on Notre-Dame-de-Paris and Le Panthéon. Wonderful sunny flat in the heart of Le Quartier Latin/Saint Michel with a beautiful view on Notre-Dame-de-Paris and Le Panthéon. The apartment is at 5 minutes by feet from Notre-Dame-de Paris and St-Germain-des-Près, the Luxembourg garden and Carrefour de l'Odéon with its famous cafés and restaurants. This 70sqm apartment offers a large living room with TV and Wi-Fi, a fully equipped small kitchen, a double bedroom with King size bed, a bathroom with washing machine and dryer, and a dining room who can be change in a single bedroom. The apartment is located on 5th floor with NO elevator. Linens, towels are provided. + 26€ for a cleaner. Step 
15005		charmant studio niché dans une petite rue calme, dans le quartier du Palais-Royal, vous serez au cœur de Paris. vous y trouverez toutes sortes de petits commerces et de boutiques de luxe. Vous pourrez visiter la capitale à pieds en vous promenant jusqu'au Musée du Louvre, Jardin des Tuileries,Place de la Concorde, Notre dame, a moins de 10mn. Vous serez également à proximité de Châtelet-les-halles, lieu strategique des transports en communs, RER: A,B,D et lignes de metro : 1, 4, 11, 14.
15006	This lovely 40sqm apartment has been entirely renovated and furnished in july 2013. It has a separate bedroom and can sleep up to four guests. The entrance gives on the main room, charming with a beautiful wooden floor and original stones on the wall, and bright thanks to the two French windows. One of them opens on the balcony. From the two seats you will be able to watch the street, very lively with all the shops and Les Halles near by. The living area features an L-shaped couch (sofabed with two sleeps 140x200), a coffee table on wheels, easy to move if you need to open the sofabed. The dining table is equipped with a modular table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room but a bar and a beautiful wooden beam separate it from the rest of the room. All the equipments are brand new. The bedroom is next to the living-room, it has a queen size bed (160x200) with a luxury mattress. You can store your clothes in the wardrobe and on the shelves. This room is also very b	       Luminous, contemporary 1-bedroom 40 sqm apartment suitable for up to four people. Renovated and furnished in july 2013 with nothing but good quality equipments. You will love sitting on the balcony, watching this busy area under your feet ! This lovely 40sqm apartment has been entirely renovated and furnished in july 2013. It has a separate bedroom and can sleep up to four guests. The entrance gives on the main room, charming with a beautiful wooden floor and original stones on the wall, and bright thanks to the two French windows. One of them opens on the balcony. From the two seats you will be able to watch the street, very lively with all the shops and Les Halles near by. The living area features an L-shaped couch (sofabed with two sleeps 140x200), a coffee table on wheels, easy to move if you need to open the sofabed. The dining table is equipped with a modular table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room but a bar and a beautiful wooden beam separate i
15007	The flat is very quiet and cosy , in the middle of Paris next to the Louvres and palais royal . and next to the japanese area where on can find great places to eat .	Appartement comfortable , chambre lit double , canapé pouvant servir de lit pour 3eme personne ,grande douche , cuisine américaine , machine à laver , wifi , ascenseur . En plein centre de Paris au calme à coté du Louvres et du très joli jardin du Palais royal. L ' appartement est  insonorisé . Very comfortable ,quiet apartment right in the center next to the Louvres and the Palais royal garden . Salon with sofa where a  3rd person can sleep, american kitchen , bedroom for 2 , wifi , lift. The flat is very quiet and cosy , in the middle of Paris next to the Louvres and palais royal . and next to the japanese area where on can find great places to eat . on the first floor with a lift . If you need help I can give you addresses of the area . The next metro is 5 minutes away / Palais Royal and there is a taxi stand there too where there are always taxis . You can also find many buses very close by on the avenue de L 'Opera .
15008	"This fully renovated, Paris apartment, located on the 2nd French floor (no elevator/lift), redesigned by an architect, is a marvelous ""pied-a-terre"" in the Louvre area.  This furnished Paris apartment offers a beautiful combination of charming 18th-century spirit and contemporary necessities. The elegant and rich space is filled with an artistic blend of French styling and other aesthetic charms. The living room features an antique ""bibliotheque directoire"" and upscale furnishings. Three large windows with high ceiling make it very bright and sunny. Original features of this apartment in Paris have been carefully restored, including original prestigious Versailles wooden floors, mouldings and a stone fireplace (for decoration use only).  After recent renovations the apartment has two similar archways next to each other. These archways take you to a spacious, bright and romantic living room with sparkling crystal chandeliers, a comfortable queen-size sofa bed, and now a bar in the middl"	"This fully renovated, Paris apartment, located on the 2nd French floor (no elevator/lift), redesigned by an architect, is a marvelous ""pied-a-terre"" in the Louvre area neighborhood in the 1st district of Paris - Metro ""Louvre Palais Royal"" Line 1.     This fully renovated, Paris apartment, located on the 2nd French floor (no elevator/lift), redesigned by an architect, is a marvelous ""pied-a-terre"" in the Louvre area.  This furnished Paris apartment offers a beautiful combination of charming 18th-century spirit and contemporary necessities. The elegant and rich space is filled with an artistic blend of French styling and other aesthetic charms. The living room features an antique ""bibliotheque directoire"" and upscale furnishings. Three large windows with high ceiling make it very bright and sunny. Original features of this apartment in Paris have been carefully restored, including original prestigious Versailles wooden floors, mouldings and a stone fireplace (for decoration use only).  "
15009	Profitez d’un emplacement exceptionnel dans la rue la plus prestigieuse de la capitale : la rue de la Paix. Cet appartement de 65 m² vous offre une prestation de standing en plein cœur du 2ème arrondissement de Paris. Ce grand 3 pièces dispose d’une salle à manger avec son espace salon comportant un canapé lit convertible confortable. La cuisine est séparée et toute équipée. La chambre est double et permet un accès direct à la salle de bains avec grande baignoire. Grâce à sa localisation au 6ème étage d’un immeuble parisien haut de gamme, vous bénéficierez d’une vue imprenable sur la capitale. Double living-room with a sofa bed for 2 people and dining-room area Separated and fully-furnished kitchen Master bedroom with bathroom Free Wifi throughout Located on the most prestigious street of Paris 	Profitez d’un emplacement exceptionnel dans la rue la plus prestigieuse de la capitale : la rue de la Paix dans cet appartement de 65 m² de 2 pièces pour 4 personnes. Profitez d’un emplacement exceptionnel dans la rue la plus prestigieuse de la capitale : la rue de la Paix. Cet appartement de 65 m² vous offre une prestation de standing en plein cœur du 2ème arrondissement de Paris. Ce grand 3 pièces dispose d’une salle à manger avec son espace salon comportant un canapé lit convertible confortable. La cuisine est séparée et toute équipée. La chambre est double et permet un accès direct à la salle de bains avec grande baignoire. Grâce à sa localisation au 6ème étage d’un immeuble parisien haut de gamme, vous bénéficierez d’une vue imprenable sur la capitale. Double living-room with a sofa bed for 2 people and dining-room area Separated and fully-furnished kitchen Master bedroom with bathroom Free Wifi throughout Located on the most prestigious street of Paris A proximité de la place Ven
15010	Right between the prestigous Place Vendôme and the famous Place du Marché St Honoré, this typical Parisian apartment has been fully renovated by architect and interior designer in November 2014. EVERYTHING is brand new !   With its exposed beams and its view on Parisian roofs, this is the most typical Parisian love nest you can find. No-one lives there, it's only used for short-term rental. So there is no personal things hanging around. It's really like a a great hotel room with a kitchen and a homey feeling ;-) It will feel like your own flat in Paris ! Located on one the world’s most famous shopping streets, the apartment is nevertheless very quiet as it is facing the inner courtyeard (quiet apartments are not a common thing in central Paris…). In the heart of the Fashion district, Rue St Honoré is the most trendy street in Paris with all the world famous designers on your doorstep (the building is next to the beautiful «  Balenciaga » store and the cult concept store « Colette » is 	In the prestigious rue St Honoré: quiet studio for 2 with exposed beams and brand new cosy scandinavian furnitures. Renovated by architect and interior designer in Nov. 2014. Fully equipped kitchen and great comfy bed in the best location in Paris ! Right between the prestigous Place Vendôme and the famous Place du Marché St Honoré, this typical Parisian apartment has been fully renovated by architect and interior designer in November 2014. EVERYTHING is brand new !   With its exposed beams and its view on Parisian roofs, this is the most typical Parisian love nest you can find. No-one lives there, it's only used for short-term rental. So there is no personal things hanging around. It's really like a a great hotel room with a kitchen and a homey feeling ;-) It will feel like your own flat in Paris ! Located on one the world’s most famous shopping streets, the apartment is nevertheless very quiet as it is facing the inner courtyeard (quiet apartments are not a common thing in central Pa
15011	This furnished apartment near the Louvre area in Paris .(the Louvre Museum is at 3mn walking distance ), is located on the 1st floor of a 19th century building, with lift . The main entrance is secured by a door code and an intercom. This furnished apartment has a fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, ceramic hob and extractor fan. A dining area is furnished with a table and four chairs. The apartment also includes a large bath, perfect for relaxing after a long visit to (website hidden) has also a separate toilet with sink . The windows are facing south and overlooking the courtyard of the building. The apartment is located at  the Louvre area in Paris. Rue Richelieu Street adjacent to the apartment there is a multitude of services. You will find, among other things, a scoop, a bakery, a hair salon, laundry facilities, a pharmarcie, a library , an excellent supermarket ( 2mn walking), as well as restaurants and cafes. The apartment is also close to many attractions such as the 	This furnished apartment near the Louvre area in Paris .(the Louvre Museum is at 3mn walking distance ), is located on the 1st floor of a 19th century building, with lift . The main entrance is secured by a door code and an intercom. This furnished apartment has a fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, ceramic hob and extractor fan. A dining area is furnished with a table and four chairs. The apartment also includes a large bath, perfect for relaxing after a long visit to (website hidden) has also a separate toilet with sink . The windows are facing south and overlooking the courtyard of the building. The apartment is located at  the Louvre area in Paris. Rue Richelieu Street adjacent to the apartment there is a multitude of services. You will find, among other things, a scoop, a bakery, a hair salon, laundry facilities, a pharmarcie, a library , an excellent supermarket ( 2mn walking), as well as restaurants and cafes. The apartment is also close to many attractions such as the 
15012	***Location***  Very conveniently situated close to all commodities, our newly renovated apartment is set in the heart of Paris, with all the hip cafés and fashionable restaurants at your doorstep.  ***Description***  The apartment is on the 4rd and last floor of a typically Parisian stone building. Its facade gives onto a large cobble-stoned courtyard. The apartment is very sunny and is extremely quiet. It equiped to a very high standard. The nearby metro stations make it an ideal base to explore the city, with easy connections to all the main monuments, museums and famous sites. — The apartment is 50 sqm and can comfortably sleep four — A fully equiped kitchen with fridge, oven, stove, Nespresso machine, kettle, washing machine.  — A bathroom with washbasin, WC and spacious shower  — High speed wireless internet and VLC cable TV  — Hair dryer, iron, ironing board  — Linen, towels, dishes, pots and pans are provided and included in the rent Nearest Metros  ‘Palais royal’ line 1/7 - 5m	***Location***  Very conveniently situated close to all commodities, our newly renovated apartment is set in the heart of Paris, with all the hip cafés and fashionable restaurants at your doorstep.  ***Description***  The apartment is on the 4rd and last floor of a typically Parisian stone building. Its facade gives onto a large cobble-stoned courtyard. The apartment is very sunny and is extremely quiet. It equiped to a very high standard. The nearby metro stations make it an ideal base to explore the city, with easy connections to all the main monuments, museums and famous sites. — The apartment is 50 sqm and can comfortably sleep four — A fully equiped kitchen with fridge, oven, stove, Nespresso machine, kettle, washing machine.  — A bathroom with washbasin, WC and spacious shower  — High speed wireless internet and VLC cable TV  — Hair dryer, iron, ironing board  — Linen, towels, dishes, pots and pans are provided and included in the rent Nearest Metros  ‘Palais royal’ line 1/7 - 5m
15013	This charming studio for 2 people, luminated and pleasant apartment, with all the necessities for a trip in the city of Paris. At the heart of Paris, in the 1st arrondissement, very close to the Centre Pompidou, Hôtel de Ville and Châtelet, you can visit Paris by foot. The metro station of Châtelet (central station) is just 30 meters away. Near the apartment you will find restaurants, bars and bistros that will make you feel a real Parisian! This central luminated apartment has a very comfortable bed,  a convertible table and chairs, but also TV. A small kitchen type kitchenette with everything needed (plate, kettle, microwave, fridge) for snacking between visits. A shower is available to refresh yourself (soaps and hair dryers are available) and toilet. Linen and Towels are provided. A good quality WIFI available ! It is an ideal base for your visit of the French capital with everything you need at a good price! 	This charming studio for 2 people, luminated and pleasant apartment, with all the necessities for a trip in the city of Paris. At the heart of Paris, in the 1st arrondissement, very close to the Centre Pompidou, Hôtel de Ville and Châtelet.  This charming studio for 2 people, luminated and pleasant apartment, with all the necessities for a trip in the city of Paris. At the heart of Paris, in the 1st arrondissement, very close to the Centre Pompidou, Hôtel de Ville and Châtelet, you can visit Paris by foot. The metro station of Châtelet (central station) is just 30 meters away. Near the apartment you will find restaurants, bars and bistros that will make you feel a real Parisian! This central luminated apartment has a very comfortable bed,  a convertible table and chairs, but also TV. A small kitchen type kitchenette with everything needed (plate, kettle, microwave, fridge) for snacking between visits. A shower is available to refresh yourself (soaps and hair dryers are available) and t
15014		Joli studio de 20m2 aux poutres apparentes et avec parquet, très lumineux, il est agréable à vivre. Situé en plein coeur de paris dans le 1er arrondissement,entouré de monuments historiques, c'est un pied à terre idéal pour visiter Paris.
15015	Arrondissement (Quarter) 1 of Paris, It is the least populated and quietest and most secure of the city's arrondissements and one of the smallest by area, a significant part of which is occupied by the Louvre Museum and the Tuileries Gardens. Much of the remainder of the arrondissement is dedicated to business and administration, so it is a most unique and exclusive part of Paris where to stay.  About This Listing Best central place to start your tour of Paris. At the very epicenter of this beautiful city that I call home. Arrondissement (Quarter) 1 of Paris, It is the least populated and quietest and most secure of the city's arrondissements and one of the smallest by area, a significant part of which is occupied by the Louvre Museum and the Tuileries Gardens. Much of the remainder of the arrondissement is dedicated to business and administration, so it is a most unique and exclusive part of Paris where to stay.  All of the Space was renovated and redecorated on 02/02/15, most of what	           Best central place to start your tour of Paris. At the very epicenter of this beautiful city that I call home. Arr (Quarter) 1 of Paris, the least populated and quietest and most secure of the city, most unique & exclusive .           Arrondissement (Quarter) 1 of Paris, It is the least populated and quietest and most secure of the city's arrondissements and one of the smallest by area, a significant part of which is occupied by the Louvre Museum and the Tuileries Gardens. Much of the remainder of the arrondissement is dedicated to business and administration, so it is a most unique and exclusive part of Paris where to stay.  About This Listing Best central place to start your tour of Paris. At the very epicenter of this beautiful city that I call home. Arrondissement (Quarter) 1 of Paris, It is the least populated and quietest and most secure of the city's arrondissements and one of the smallest by area, a significant part of which is occupied by the Louvre Museum and the T
15016	This AMAZING house is unlike anything else you will see in Paris!  Its a totally modern, architect designed open-plan four-level loft.  On the ground floor...There is a huge lounge area as you enter the house, with a comfy couch and more seats where you can really relax, and above this as open-plan kitchen has everything you will need: two gas rings, oven, microwave, dishwasher, cafetière Italienne, juicer, washer/dryer etc, fridge/freezer etc.  And then from there, you take the modernist spiral staircase up to all the different levels of the house!  On the second level you will find the first bedroom, with a double bed, library, and desk/table. Next you will come to the toilet space which is also a 'wet room' style shower, with multiple massage jets.   At the top of the stairs is the open-plan bathroom, with a gorgeous big bath, and a large free-standing bath and vanity cabinet with mirror.  The large 'dressing room' level is half a level down from the bathroom, and has closets, shelv	This unique four-story house is right in the centre of Paris's 2nd arrondissement, the hip Etienne Marcel/Montorgueil district. Spend your holidays in Paris with the best boutiques, fresh food, cafes and restaurants right at your door! This AMAZING house is unlike anything else you will see in Paris!  Its a totally modern, architect designed open-plan four-level loft.  On the ground floor...There is a huge lounge area as you enter the house, with a comfy couch and more seats where you can really relax, and above this as open-plan kitchen has everything you will need: two gas rings, oven, microwave, dishwasher, cafetière Italienne, juicer, washer/dryer etc, fridge/freezer etc.  And then from there, you take the modernist spiral staircase up to all the different levels of the house!  On the second level you will find the first bedroom, with a double bed, library, and desk/table. Next you will come to the toilet space which is also a 'wet room' style shower, with multiple massage jets.   
15017	Lovely apartment located in the heart of Paris for 4 people. Conveniently located near Le Louvre and Opera Garnier, the apartment is within walking distance of restaurants, galleries, shopping and museums. You will find all the comfort you need in this appartment:  - Living room with a comfortable sofa bed, a large TV (Satellite TV) and a dining table. - Bedroom with double bed, luxurious bed linen and large wardrobe. - Modern kitchen fully equipped with oven, fridge, microwave, ceramic hub, cofee maker, kettle and blender. You will find also plenty of cooking utensils. - Bathroom with an elegant Roman Shower. Towels are provided for our guests. Highspeed wifi is available in the whole flat.   As the apartment overlooks a beautiful flowered courtyard, it is very quiet and sunny, and unaffected by any street noise.	Beautiful apartment of 53 sq-m2 in the center of Paris!  Elegant and quiet, you will find all the comfort you need. We look forward to hosting you in our lovely flat and will make everything possible to make it unforgetable ! Lovely apartment located in the heart of Paris for 4 people. Conveniently located near Le Louvre and Opera Garnier, the apartment is within walking distance of restaurants, galleries, shopping and museums. You will find all the comfort you need in this appartment:  - Living room with a comfortable sofa bed, a large TV (Satellite TV) and a dining table. - Bedroom with double bed, luxurious bed linen and large wardrobe. - Modern kitchen fully equipped with oven, fridge, microwave, ceramic hub, cofee maker, kettle and blender. You will find also plenty of cooking utensils. - Bathroom with an elegant Roman Shower. Towels are provided for our guests. Highspeed wifi is available in the whole flat.   As the apartment overlooks a beautiful flowered courtyard, it is very q
15018	Features: - Studio 40 m2 for 4 people.  - Fully equipped kitchen: sink, small fridge, microwave, coffee maker, toaster and dishes.  - Large room with:    * A sleeping area with 1 queen bed   * A lounge area with 1 sofa-bed for 2 people and a second  sofa-bed also for 2, a coffee table and a TV    * A dining area with table and chairs  - WIFI  - Bathroom with sink and toilet,  - Each room has windows overlooking a courtyard, so QUIET - Located on the 1st floor with elevator  - Linen and cleaning at the end of the stay are provided 	Great studio in the heart of Paris in a quiet street, a short walk from les Halles, le Louvre, la Seine, l' Ile de la Cité, Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis, Centre Georges Pompidou, Rue Montorgueil. many shops, cafes and restaurants, theaters, museums. Features: - Studio 40 m2 for 4 people.  - Fully equipped kitchen: sink, small fridge, microwave, coffee maker, toaster and dishes.  - Large room with:    * A sleeping area with 1 queen bed   * A lounge area with 1 sofa-bed for 2 people and a second  sofa-bed also for 2, a coffee table and a TV    * A dining area with table and chairs  - WIFI  - Bathroom with sink and toilet,  - Each room has windows overlooking a courtyard, so QUIET - Located on the 1st floor with elevator  - Linen and cleaning at the end of the stay are provided You will be met on site and the housekeeper will be available to help you during your stay. (if arrival or departure before 8am or after 8 pm, there will be a 30 euros extra charge) Metro / RER Les Halles (direct to
15019	 Chic and famous area that combines amazing shopping spots, the main Parisian touristic sights Concorde, Champs Elysees nearby, Louvre museum as well as Tuileries Gardens. The apartment has been fitted out by Jean Nouvel great French architect -Upstairs : a bedroom overlooking the living room with a queen size double bed -In the living room : a convertible sofa for 2 persons, a large dining table  You will also find a wifi internet access -The open kitchen is fully equipped, with  microwave, fridge, ceramic plates - Bathroom: Shower with a sink and toilets 	Amazing 30 sqm flat for 4 persons in a secured stone building on the 4th floor with a lift located in the center of Paris, Rivoli street with a fantastic view g  Chic and famous area that combines amazing shopping spots, the main Parisian touristic sights Concorde, Champs Elysees nearby, Louvre museum as well as Tuileries Gardens. The apartment has been fitted out by Jean Nouvel great French architect -Upstairs : a bedroom overlooking the living room with a queen size double bed -In the living room : a convertible sofa for 2 persons, a large dining table  You will also find a wifi internet access -The open kitchen is fully equipped, with  microwave, fridge, ceramic plates - Bathroom: Shower with a sink and toilets - AROUND YOU - Just few steps from the flat you’ll find - for the shopping :  Royale and Saint Honoré streets, the famous Ladurée for their Macarons and much more) - the most beautiful avenue in the world :  Champs-Elysées - the main Parisian tourist sights : Louvre Museum, C
15020	Is a standing building with elevator, the metro TUILERIES (the garden of the Louvre) is in front of the building.  My apartment (where the great painter Chagall lived) covers all the fifth floor but you are a separate entrance in your studio .  I will be your neighbor end I hope to have the opportunity to show you the panoramic view of the most important monuments of Paris from my balcony You have a big room (independent studio) with bathroom, kitchenette, big bed, bureau, WI-FI, television,  Hairdryer, towels and linens are provided, air condition and dabble windows, balcony with an amazing view over the LOUVRE –museum. and Tuileries garden!  Perfect location in the historical centre of Paris, so romantic!  You will be in front of the Louvre, near by Champs Elysées, Opera, Eiffel Tower, Orsay Museum, Place Véndome, Place Royale, few minutes walking distance!	Independent Studio  in front of Tuileries garden and Metro , with bathroom, kitchenette, bureau, wifi, television, air condition and dabble windows, balcony with an amazing view over the LOUVRE –museum! Perfect location in the  historical centre  Is a standing building with elevator, the metro TUILERIES (the garden of the Louvre) is in front of the building.  My apartment (where the great painter Chagall lived) covers all the fifth floor but you are a separate entrance in your studio .  I will be your neighbor end I hope to have the opportunity to show you the panoramic view of the most important monuments of Paris from my balcony You have a big room (independent studio) with bathroom, kitchenette, big bed, bureau, WI-FI, television,  Hairdryer, towels and linens are provided, air condition and dabble windows, balcony with an amazing view over the LOUVRE –museum. and Tuileries garden!  Perfect location in the historical centre of Paris, so romantic!  You will be in front of the Louvre,
15021		Beautiful flat for 4 persons (1 bed for 2 and 1 sofa for 2). Great situation in Châtelet (pedestrian area) : subway, bus, monuments, shopping (Rivoli Street), restaurants, bars, nightclubs, pool, theaters ! Live in Paris like a real Parisian ;)
15022		Appartement situé au cœur de Paris, au calme, dans le quartier Montorgueil, à proximité du Louvre, du Palais Royal et de Beaubourg. Il peut accueillir deux personnes. 
15023		Bonjour, nous sous-louons notre appart pouvants accueillir 6 (website hidden) contient 2 chambres et un clic clac dans le 2 salon.parfait  pour une famille avec enfants.Idéalement placé, quartier Montorgueil proche tout commerces et transports.
15024	This 80sqm (872sq ft) apartment has two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms. It has been entirely renewed in 2012, everything is brand new with high quality equipments. The entrance corridor first leads to the master bedroom. It features a queen size bed (160×200) and a large wardrobe to store your clothes. It overlooks the street. The main room is also overlooking the street with the same gorgeous view on the Church. You will not be disturbed by the neighbors in front of you as the view is clear. The main room is accessible from the corridor, on the right side. It features a couch, two beautiful and comfortable armchairs and a dining table for six people. The high ceilings give much space to this room. On the other side of the corridor, right in front of the living-room entrance, you will find the fitted kitchen. It is spacious, equipped with brand new high quality equipment. You will be able to have your breakfast in the kitchen as there is a high table with two high stools. The seco	Lovely 80sqm 2-bedroom apartment to rent for 6 people in Paris next to the Louvre. Contemporary, bright and quiet, this high standing apartment will be a great place for your vacation ! This 80sqm (872sq ft) apartment has two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms. It has been entirely renewed in 2012, everything is brand new with high quality equipments. The entrance corridor first leads to the master bedroom. It features a queen size bed (160×200) and a large wardrobe to store your clothes. It overlooks the street. The main room is also overlooking the street with the same gorgeous view on the Church. You will not be disturbed by the neighbors in front of you as the view is clear. The main room is accessible from the corridor, on the right side. It features a couch, two beautiful and comfortable armchairs and a dining table for six people. The high ceilings give much space to this room. On the other side of the corridor, right in front of the living-room entrance, you will find the fitt
15025	The room to rent is situated in a charming apartment in the very center of Paris, close to everything. You can either just hang out in our comfy, huge living room that is even equipped with a fireplace, or take a step out of our apartment and find yourself surrounded by several of Paris' most famous spots, like the Centre Georges Pompidou, Les Halles or the Louvre. The apartment consists of 3 privat rooms meaning that the two other rooms are inhabited by my wonderful housemates Céline and Denis who are both in their 30s. The room to rent has approx. 10 m², is equipped with a queen-size bed, a desk and some book-shelves.  Due to our apartment-policies, the room can only be rent by one single person (I'm sorry, dear couples). 	Cosy room in 80 m ²  flat with big, comfy living room, roomy kitchen, bathroom with bath tub, washing machine, WiFi, 2 toilets. Right in the center of Paris, close to everything. The room to rent is situated in a charming apartment in the very center of Paris, close to everything. You can either just hang out in our comfy, huge living room that is even equipped with a fireplace, or take a step out of our apartment and find yourself surrounded by several of Paris' most famous spots, like the Centre Georges Pompidou, Les Halles or the Louvre. The apartment consists of 3 privat rooms meaning that the two other rooms are inhabited by my wonderful housemates Céline and Denis who are both in their 30s. The room to rent has approx. 10 m², is equipped with a queen-size bed, a desk and some book-shelves.  Due to our apartment-policies, the room can only be rent by one single person (I'm sorry, dear couples). As our guest, you have access to all the facilities in our apartment, which is equipped
15026	Cozy, newly renovated designer flat in the center of Paris available for a month of august. The apartment is located on the first floor, it has large winows opening in one of the most popular street in the first arroundisement. It's one bedroom with double bed, a living room with a comfy sofa, large tv, open kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped and the whole apartment has everything you will need while your stay. It also includes fast internet wifi connection and a lot of tv channels (also in english). The apartment is spacious and full of light. It's located in a heart of Paris. Every popular spot of Paris is reachable by foot. Louvre, Galleries Lafayettes, Palais Royal and the Garnier Opera are about 10mins by walk. The neighbourhood is full of life, full of cute bars and chic restaurants. You will also be able to easily find the supermarket and small grocery shops open 24hrs. Closest metro stations (about 5mins walk each) :  - Pyramides (line 7) -	Beautiful one bedroom apartement in the center of paris made by a designer. Spacious living room with an open kitchen and bathroom with separate toilet. Fast wifi connection and TV included. Cozy, newly renovated designer flat in the center of Paris available for a month of august. The apartment is located on the first floor, it has large winows opening in one of the most popular street in the first arroundisement. It's one bedroom with double bed, a living room with a comfy sofa, large tv, open kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped and the whole apartment has everything you will need while your stay. It also includes fast internet wifi connection and a lot of tv channels (also in english). The apartment is spacious and full of light. It's located in a heart of Paris. Every popular spot of Paris is reachable by foot. Louvre, Galleries Lafayettes, Palais Royal and the Garnier Opera are about 10mins by walk. The neighbourhood is full of life, full of cu
15027	Breathtaking view over st Eustache, 10meters from the windows!	A stunning appartment with a view over one of the most gorgeous cathedral in Paris, Saint-Eustache. The flat is 70m2, 3 rooms fully furbished with wi-fi, decorated with fine artwork, and situated in the heart of Paris. Unforgettable stay. Breathtaking view over st Eustache, 10meters from the windows!
15028		close to the famous PALAIS ROYAL garden , you can easily walk to Opera and Le Louvre. This charming 45 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue de Richelieu in the 1st arrondissement, on the 1 st French floor  and it sleeps 2 people.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi.  Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils check-in and check-out on sunday and french bank holidays are subject to additional fees of 40 € check-in and check-out before 08:00 am or after 08:00 pm are subject to additional fees of 40 €
15029	The apartment is on the 6th floor, the elevator goes up to 4th. Once on the 6th you will find a small balcony overlooking the Pompidou Centre.  I want to warn travelers that there is only one room with double bed, the second bed is on a mezzanine cozy but quite narrow and without railing, i do not advise for young children. 	This apartment is located in rue des Halles, right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Chatelet Les Halles. It has two double bed and a kitchen well equipped. Calm and cosy, the nearest metro station is Chatelet, 20 meters away.  The apartment is on the 6th floor, the elevator goes up to 4th. Once on the 6th you will find a small balcony overlooking the Pompidou Centre.  I want to warn travelers that there is only one room with double bed, the second bed is on a mezzanine cozy but quite narrow and without railing, i do not advise for young children.  Enjoy the proximity of the Seine, the Marais district and Montorgueil. Take time to see the Tour Saint Jacques ou la Conciergerie.  Very easy access, direct subway to get to the airports Roissy and Orly (RER B)
15030	Newly updated this well presented apartment is as comfortable as any 4 Star hotel but without the price tag and all the extras as standard. Perfect for two for that dreamed about  romantic getaway  Freshly painted white walls and fashionable grey painted door trims  its feels quiet contemporary but  cleverly the original Vintage Kitchen and Bathroom has been restored  creating a Contemporary/ Vintage look. Enter through a light flooded Hall with built in storage accessing the separate WC with the main bathroom opposite. The bathroom houses a full bath and a powerful directional  shower plenty of storage under the large vanity unit and  a large Mirror with a built in  light sensor activated by hand. The kitchen is located at the end of the hallway the original wall and floor tiles have been kept and the burgundy red kitchen doors add a real splash of color with original metal handles. The kitchen has been fully equipped with all the essentials you need to prepare a delicious meal for tw	Newly updated this well presented apartment is as comfortable as any 4 Star hotel but without the price tag and all the extras as standard. Perfect for two for that dreamed about  romantic getaway  Freshly painted white walls and fashionable grey painted door trims  its feels quiet contemporary but  cleverly the original Vintage Kitchen and Bathroom has been restored  creating a Contemporary/ Vintage look. Enter through a light flooded Hall with built in storage accessing the separate WC with the main bathroom opposite. The bathroom houses a full bath and a powerful directional  shower plenty of storage under the large vanity unit and  a large Mirror with a built in  light sensor activated by hand. The kitchen is located at the end of the hallway the original wall and floor tiles have been kept and the burgundy red kitchen doors add a real splash of color with original metal handles. The kitchen has been fully equipped with all the essentials you need to prepare a delicious meal for tw
15031	Beautiful apartment located in the Center of Paris, between Chatelet Les Halles, Montorgueil district and La Place des Victoires. Cozy, luminous and well decorated. 52 square meters, calm, typically Parisian, 5th floor, without elevator ( I will help you to carry luggages), in a beautidul building. it understands : - a living room  - a bedroom with a desk - a large kitchen - a bathroom (including shower and wc) - an entrance all the equipment is present - a large bed (200cm x160cm) - a small extra bed 1 person, I install it in the living room with I have extra guest staying over. It is very comfortable and perfectly sized for one person. - towels - TV and Wi Fi The district close to Les Halles and La Place des Victoires is animated (restaurants, bars) and many traditional shops (bakeries, fish sellers, butchers). The apartment is close to the RER/Metro station Chatelet Les Halles, which is direct to the Charles DeGaulle Airport (RER B). 10 minutes walking from Le Louvre Museum and the 	Beautiful apartment located in the Center of Paris, between Chatelet Les Halles, Montorgueil district and La Place des Victoires. Beautiful apartment located in the Center of Paris, between Chatelet Les Halles, Montorgueil district and La Place des Victoires. Cozy, luminous and well decorated. 52 square meters, calm, typically Parisian, 5th floor, without elevator ( I will help you to carry luggages), in a beautidul building. it understands : - a living room  - a bedroom with a desk - a large kitchen - a bathroom (including shower and wc) - an entrance all the equipment is present - a large bed (200cm x160cm) - a small extra bed 1 person, I install it in the living room with I have extra guest staying over. It is very comfortable and perfectly sized for one person. - towels - TV and Wi Fi The district close to Les Halles and La Place des Victoires is animated (restaurants, bars) and many traditional shops (bakeries, fish sellers, butchers). The apartment is close to the RER/Metro stati
15032	"The Quincamp is an apartment of 30 m2 open space guy with a ceiling that is more than 3 meters above the ground. It is the 5er floor of a 18th century building with a 1 bed of 160 cm 2 can accommodate all guests in total. The apartment is fully equipped in terms of bed sheets, blankets, and pillows. The Quincamp Quincampoix is located in the 3 rd Street district. Its location places it in close proximity to all the attractions of central Paris. You will also find your feet all means possible transportation in Paris, RER, Metro, bus. The apartment is a 2 minute walk from the station the ""halls"", which will allow you direct access by public transportation from all airports in the capital. It has close to all the shops you need to do your shopping or an infinite number of restaurants and coffee. In terms of equipment the Quincamp has a TV with cable channels. Wireless internet is also available. The kitchen is an open kitchen. It is equipped with a refrigerator, a freezer, two hobs, micro"	"The Quincamp is an apartment of 30 m2 open space guy with a ceiling that is more than 3 meters above the ground. It is the 5er floor of a 18th century building with a 1 bed of 160 cm 2 can accommodate all guests in total. The apartment is fully equipped in terms of bed sheets, blankets, and pillows. The Quincamp Quincampoix is located in the 3 rd Street district. Its location places it in close proximity to all the attractions of central Paris. You will also find your feet all means possible transportation in Paris, RER, Metro, bus. The apartment is a 2 minute walk from the station the ""halls"", which will allow you direct access by public transportation from all airports in the capital. It has close to all the shops you need to do your shopping or an infinite number of restaurants and coffee. In terms of equipment the Quincamp has a TV with cable channels. Wireless internet is also available. The kitchen is an open kitchen. It is equipped with a refrigerator, a freezer, two hobs, micro"
15033	Welcome to my design loft in the center of paris. The apartment is very well decorated and was recently fully renovated. It is located in the luxious and fashion district of saint Honoré with trendy shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 5 minutes walking distance. - Champs Elysées: 10 minutes walking distance. - Notre-Dame: 20 minutes walking distance (or 5 stations away) - Le Marais/Centre Pompidou: 20 minutes walking distance (or 8 stations) - La Seine river: 5 minutes walking distance (or 2 metro stations away) - Tour Eiffel: 20 minutes (direct metro) - And many more! Presentation of the apartment: It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay: The apartment is on the first floor. Is has a separate bedroom and a fully equiped kitchen. Living-room / Kitchen: easily convertible couch (180*200) LCD TV (40”), Internet access, heater Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven,dish washer, toaster, c	Welcome to my design loft in the center of paris. The apartment is very well decorated and was recently fully renovated. It is located in the luxious and fashion district of saint Honoré with trendy shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 5 minutes walking distance. - Champs Elysées: 10 minutes walking distance. - Notre-Dame: 20 minutes walking distance (or 5 stations away) - Le Marais/Centre Pompidou: 20 minutes walking distance (or 8 stations) - La Seine river: 5 minutes walking distance (or 2 metro stations away) - Tour Eiffel: 20 minutes (direct metro) - And many more! Presentation of the apartment: It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay: The apartment is on the first floor. Is has a separate bedroom and a fully equiped kitchen. Living-room / Kitchen: easily convertible couch (180*200) LCD TV (40”), Internet access, heater Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven,dish washer, toaster, c
15034	Very charming flat in one of the most gorgeous streets of the city   In very center of the city, in the most beautiful district, rue Saint-Honoré in the 1st arrondissement, you cannot find better place to stay and to visit the town: - 1 min walk from the Tuileries garden - 2 min walk from place de la Madeleine and place de la Concorde - 2 min walk from place Vendôme - 5 min walk from the Louvre and the Palais Royal - 10 min walk from the Opéra Garnier - 15 min walk from the Champs-Elysées  The street is very safe and occupied by luxury shops.  You can reach 5 subway lines at 2 to 10 minutes (max) from the apartment. French bakery at 100m, supermarket at 5 min. Very bright and totally calm and peaceful, the flat is on the third floor of a building dated from the 18th century. Exposed beams, antique parquet, Italian shower... 	Very charming flat in one of the most gorgeous streets of the city   In very center of the city, in the most beautiful district, rue Saint-Honoré in the 1st arrondissement, you cannot find better place to stay and to visit the town: - 1 min walk from the Tuileries garden - 2 min walk from place de la Madeleine and place de la Concorde - 2 min walk from place Vendôme - 5 min walk from the Louvre and the Palais Royal - 10 min walk from the Opéra Garnier - 15 min walk from the Champs-Elysées  The street is very safe and occupied by luxury shops.  You can reach 5 subway lines at 2 to 10 minutes (max) from the apartment. French bakery at 100m, supermarket at 5 min. Very bright and totally calm and peaceful, the flat is on the third floor of a building dated from the 18th century. Exposed beams, antique parquet, Italian shower... 
15035	Unique Location a real Parisian Studio 18 century building totally renovated apartment, first floor with two nice window facing Rue Saint Honore. Supermarkets: Carrefour 205 Rue Saint Honoré, 75001 Paris (phone number hidden) Monoprix 21 Avenue de l'Opéra, 75001 Paris (phone number hidden) Post Office Rue Moliere 75001 	"New Studio in the center of Paris a block from Musee Louvre and Palais Royal, also la Comedie Francaise and the best shopping area in Paris "" Rue Saint Honore"" first floor no elevator, street view. Only two blocks from Place Vendome and Tuileries. Unique Location a real Parisian Studio 18 century building totally renovated apartment, first floor with two nice window facing Rue Saint Honore. Supermarkets: Carrefour 205 Rue Saint Honoré, 75001 Paris (phone number hidden) Monoprix 21 Avenue de l'Opéra, 75001 Paris (phone number hidden) Post Office Rue Moliere 75001 Metro 1- louvre rivoli ( yellow) 14-Pyramides (purple) 7 - Pyramides ( violet) also close to Tuileries- chatelet les halles ( major central station) RER A -B- C A block from Louvre, and Palais Royal, few steps from la Comedie Francaise and in the other direction Place Vendome. Shops & shops and restaurants, and everything else. The studio is located in the most central area of Paris, metro number 1- 7- 14 and many buses, also c"
15036	2 rooms apartment, ideally located (rue St Honoré, within the block of Colette), basement and 1st floor, Very nice bedroom (85 sq ft), ancient stones (17th century), 1st floor (180 sq ft) with a sunny living room (TV, internet...), kitchen (washing machine, heaters, microwave, nespresso...), bathroom (shower & WC) Métro Pyramides or Tuileries, 200 meters from Le Louvre and 300 meters from Vendôme square. Restaurants and clubs around. 200 meters from metro station Pyramides (line 7 and 14), 300 meters from Tuileries station (line 1)	"2 rooms apartment, ideally located (rue St Honoré, within the block of Colette), basement and 1st floor, Very nice bedroom (85 sq ft), ancient stones (17th century), 1st floor (180 sq ft) with a sunny living room (TV, internet...), kitchen (washing machine, heaters, microwave, nespresso...), bathroom (shower & WC) Métro Pyramides or Tuileries, 200 meters from Le Louvre and 300 meters from Vendôme square. Restaurants and clubs around. 200 meters from metro station Pyramides (line 7 and 14), 300 meters from Tuileries station (line 1) Métro ""Pyramides"" or ""Tuileries"", ""Palais Royal - Musée du Louvre"", 200 meters from Le Louvre and 300 meters from Vendôme square. Restaurants and clubs around. Le Louvre museum Colette (design and limited editions shop) Place Vendôme (jewelry headquarters in Paris) french, international, japanese restaurants / shopping area Metro station ""Tuileries"" or ""Pyramides"""
15037	Rare duplex (150m2), top floors(5th and 6th) of historical building, elevators, concierge, valet parking, very quiet, bright, views of Paris rooftops. Fully furnished, linen included,only tooth brush required! Sleep capacity for maximum 7 guests. Direct access to elevators.   6th floor:  -Large living room, wooden floors, high wooden beams, Asian furniture, fireplace, aircon, balcony with flower beds and aromatic herbs, a table and chairs for meals or drinks or as a smoking area. Spectacular! -Large  fully equipped dining kitchen with 2 dishwashers, oven, microwave, all dishes and props for elegant dinners, aircon. - One single Balinese bed for additional guest in the TV corner of the living room. -One bedroom with separate bathroom, washer and dryer, separate toilet.   -One Office/bedroom with  additional King size sleeping mattress, ideal for children. 5th floor:  One chinese luxury bedroom with full bathroom, bath tub. Internet, wifi, utilities, cable and taxes, all included . Next 	Rare duplex (150m2), top floors(5th and 6th) of historical building, elevators, concierge, valet parking, very quiet, bright, views of Paris rooftops. Fully furnished, linen included,only tooth brush required! Sleep capacity for maximum 7 guests. Direct access to elevators.   6th floor:  -Large living room, wooden floors, high wooden beams, Asian furniture, fireplace, aircon, balcony with flower beds and aromatic herbs, a table and chairs for meals or drinks or as a smoking area. Spectacular! -Large  fully equipped dining kitchen with 2 dishwashers, oven, microwave, all dishes and props for elegant dinners, aircon. - One single Balinese bed for additional guest in the TV corner of the living room. -One bedroom with separate bathroom, washer and dryer, separate toilet.   -One Office/bedroom with  additional King size sleeping mattress, ideal for children. 5th floor:  One chinese luxury bedroom with full bathroom, bath tub. Internet, wifi, utilities, cable and taxes, all included . Next 
15038	This triplex apartment with terrace is very well situated, quiet and cozy, which can accommodate 4 persons. It is in the heart of Paris and just next to the Louvre Museum and Tuileries Garden. The apartment is structured as follows: Ground floor inside the apartment:   --- Living room with a double sofa bed, flat screen TV, dining table with four chairs.  --- Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils.  First floor of the apartment:   --- Bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe.  --- Bathroom with shower, separated WC. Second floor (Terrace):   --- This private terrace gives you a wonderful view of Paris: the Eiffel Tower, the Sacre Coeur, the roof of Louvre, the Opera, the Montparnasse tower, etc.  --- There's one big table with six chairs. This flat is on the 6th French floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven, dishwasher, micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine, hairdryer, iron and i	This triplex apartment with terrace is very well situated, quiet and cozy, which can accommodate 4 persons. It is in the heart of Paris and just next to the Louvre Museum and Tuileries Garden. This triplex apartment with terrace is very well situated, quiet and cozy, which can accommodate 4 persons. It is in the heart of Paris and just next to the Louvre Museum and Tuileries Garden. The apartment is structured as follows: Ground floor inside the apartment:   --- Living room with a double sofa bed, flat screen TV, dining table with four chairs.  --- Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils.  First floor of the apartment:   --- Bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe.  --- Bathroom with shower, separated WC. Second floor (Terrace):   --- This private terrace gives you a wonderful view of Paris: the Eiffel Tower, the Sacre Coeur, the roof of Louvre, the Opera, the Montparnasse tower, etc.  --- There's one big table with six chairs. This flat is on the 6th French floor witho
15039	Independant STUDIO (one bedroom). With air conditioned. 2 steps from Park Palais Royal charming renovated studio in the heart of a chic, vibrant and safe Paris. This studio overlooks a quiet courtyard, it is very sunny thanks to its south (email hidden) walk from the Rue Montorgueil, 5 from the Seine and the Louvre, 15 Mn Gay Marais. Double bed (160X200) + convertible sofa (120X200) for 2 children or 1 teenager. Fully Equipped. All great shops are the area also restaurants day and night. Theater, cinema and the swimming pool of Les halles (email hidden) walk. I always do the checkin/out in person at your time. Location : RUE COQUILLIERE - 4 th floor- No elevator, easy steps. 400 Meters from CHATELET LES HALLES (main transport hub in Paris):  - RER A/B/D  - METRO Lines : (phone number hidden)  - Many Buses : (phone number hidden) Meters from PALAIS ROYAL or LOUVRE RIVOLI : - METRO Lines : 1/7 - Many Buses : (phone number hidden) Meters from BOURSE : - METRO Line : 3  If you arrive at CD	Please take your time to read my numerous reviews.These are the people who have stayed in the apartment that will tell you all you need to know before making your choice.  Independant STUDIO (one bedroom). With air conditioned. 2 steps from Park Palais Royal charming renovated studio in the heart of a chic, vibrant and safe Paris. This studio overlooks a quiet courtyard, it is very sunny thanks to its south (email hidden) walk from the Rue Montorgueil, 5 from the Seine and the Louvre, 15 Mn Gay Marais. Double bed (160X200) + convertible sofa (120X200) for 2 children or 1 teenager. Fully Equipped. All great shops are the area also restaurants day and night. Theater, cinema and the swimming pool of Les halles (email hidden) walk. I always do the checkin/out in person at your time. Location : RUE COQUILLIERE - 4 th floor- No elevator, easy steps. 400 Meters from CHATELET LES HALLES (main transport hub in Paris):  - RER A/B/D  - METRO Lines : (phone number hidden)  - Many Buses : (phone nu
15040	The geographical situation; the Tuileries gardens and the Louvre museum, in the rue Saint Honore and the quality of benefits	Hello, we offer you a very nice apartment on the 3rd floor with an elevator located opposite the gardens of Tuileries.Comprenant, a house with a full bedding Tempur, and a lounge with a sofa bed. ideal for 4 persons. The geographical situation; the Tuileries gardens and the Louvre museum, in the rue Saint Honore and the quality of benefits Continuously, we their handing over the keys the day and let them visit the apartment in their explaining all the features of the apartment The Tuileries Gardens, the Louvre Museum, Rue Saint Honore Métro Tuileries  ligne 1 et Métro Pyramides ligne 14 & 7 
15041	The studio is located in the heart of Paris at the foot of the garden halls and near the Pont Neuf and Pont des Arts. It is equidistant from the Louvre Museum and Beaubourg. Direct access by RER from Roissy Charles de Gaulle and live Subway Station North - Lyon - East. Many bus and subway nearby. The studio is in an old building. It is furnished, equipped (broadband internet, TV, cable included, DVD, fan), 30 sqm. 5th without elevator, sunny, double exposure courtyard, very quiet. Many shops and restaurants open day and night nearby. It is a place ideal to visit the museums of the capital, parks, old town and enjoy restaurants, enjoy bakeries and caterers	In the heart of Paris in a building dating from the 17th century, large, comfortable studio offered to travellers wishing to enjoy a quiet space, light and live a true Parisian experience in a lively and cultural district. The studio is located in the heart of Paris at the foot of the garden halls and near the Pont Neuf and Pont des Arts. It is equidistant from the Louvre Museum and Beaubourg. Direct access by RER from Roissy Charles de Gaulle and live Subway Station North - Lyon - East. Many bus and subway nearby. The studio is in an old building. It is furnished, equipped (broadband internet, TV, cable included, DVD, fan), 30 sqm. 5th without elevator, sunny, double exposure courtyard, very quiet. Many shops and restaurants open day and night nearby. It is a place ideal to visit the museums of the capital, parks, old town and enjoy restaurants, enjoy bakeries and caterers I leave you with my studio in order to live a real Parisian experience. You can find music, CDS, DVDS of, and art
15042	The apartment is located at the top floor of an old parisian building, it is extremly calm and relax. A vast living room offers space for chill out, TV and breakfast. 1 cosy single bedroom + 1 comfortable double room. 1 tiny functionnal bathroom. 1 kitchen	2 bedrooms in a calm and luminous apartment in the heart of Paris. Within walking distance to the main tourist attractions. The apartment is located at the top floor of an old parisian building, it is extremly calm and relax. A vast living room offers space for chill out, TV and breakfast. 1 cosy single bedroom + 1 comfortable double room. 1 tiny functionnal bathroom. 1 kitchen You have full access to the apartment. For stays longer than 3 nights, laundry is available. Wi-Fi. We'll be happy to meet you and help you through your visit in Paris. We can give you advices on restaurants, transports, museums, shopping and tourist attractions. The neighborhood is extremly central with a lot of nice restaurants for all budgets. The garden of Palais Royal is a delight and you can walk to almost any main Paris attraction. If you don't want to walk you can still take one of the various buses that passes by or metro: he nearest stations are Palais Royal Musée du Louvre (lines 1 - 7), Pyramides (li
15043	Apartment in the heart of Paris, rue de Rivoli, opposite the Louvre! 80m ² apartment, 1st floor without elevator. Completely renovated in June 2012. The flat has 3 bedrooms (each bedroom has a shower and a lavabo, a cupboard and a double-bed) + 2 WC + US kitchen + living-room / dining room. Ideal for 6 persons (dinner table for 6 persons, but possibility to add 2 chairs). The sofa in the living room is a sofa-bed so 8 persons can sleep in this flat. Ideal for a turistic trip, with family or friends ! Opera Garnier, the Louvre Museum, the Tuileries Gardens, the Royal Palace, French comedy, Champs-Elysées, ... All Paris is yours! 2 minutes from the metro station Palais Royal / Louvre. Restaurants, shops, public transport are very close! Towels and bed linen are furnished. Coffee, tea, salt, pepper... also. All dishes are provided so you can cook into the flat. You can use washing machine and dryer. See you soon!	This large, modern apartment located in the heart of Paris will seduce you with its location and convenience. Ideal for holidays with family or friends, but also for business trips colleagues! Apartment in the heart of Paris, rue de Rivoli, opposite the Louvre! 80m ² apartment, 1st floor without elevator. Completely renovated in June 2012. The flat has 3 bedrooms (each bedroom has a shower and a lavabo, a cupboard and a double-bed) + 2 WC + US kitchen + living-room / dining room. Ideal for 6 persons (dinner table for 6 persons, but possibility to add 2 chairs). The sofa in the living room is a sofa-bed so 8 persons can sleep in this flat. Ideal for a turistic trip, with family or friends ! Opera Garnier, the Louvre Museum, the Tuileries Gardens, the Royal Palace, French comedy, Champs-Elysées, ... All Paris is yours! 2 minutes from the metro station Palais Royal / Louvre. Restaurants, shops, public transport are very close! Towels and bed linen are furnished. Coffee, tea, salt, pepper.
15044	"This charming flat is located in the famous ""Passage Choiseul 75002"" in the second arrondissement of Paris , classified as historic monument in the city center of Paris. Close to the most beautiful touristic spots like the Louvre Museum, Tuileries garden, Palais Royal garden, Opéra Garnier and rue saint honoré for shopping. You can enjoy doing everything by walk with every kind of stores and markets.The location is perfect also for business meeting and fashion week events in Paris. The Passage is open the day so you can enjoy to be in the parisien lifestyle (you have a lot of café, restaurants and boutiques over there). At the evening the Passage remains close so you can really enjoy this amazing quiet place which is rare for Paris. The size of the apartment is 25 square meter on the 2nd floor of à very quiet building in a very good condition without lift. The apartment is fully furnished with king size bed of 160x200, a very confortable sofa bed of 100x200 for a 3rd person(we ask 40 e"	"This charming flat is located in the famous ""Passage Choiseul"" in the 2nd district of Paris, classified as historic monument close to the best spots of Paris(Louvre Museum, Palais royal, Tuilerie garden and opéra).The best location to enjoy the city! This charming flat is located in the famous ""Passage Choiseul 75002"" in the second arrondissement of Paris , classified as historic monument in the city center of Paris. Close to the most beautiful touristic spots like the Louvre Museum, Tuileries garden, Palais Royal garden, Opéra Garnier and rue saint honoré for shopping. You can enjoy doing everything by walk with every kind of stores and markets.The location is perfect also for business meeting and fashion week events in Paris. The Passage is open the day so you can enjoy to be in the parisien lifestyle (you have a lot of café, restaurants and boutiques over there). At the evening the Passage remains close so you can really enjoy this amazing quiet place which is rare for Paris. The si"
15045	Emplacement très recherché par les touristes car une situation géographique numéro 1 Appartement très calme  refait à neuf  	Quartier très chic de Paris Opéra Louvre Place Vendôme  Elysée    Emplacement très recherché par les touristes car une situation géographique numéro 1 Appartement très calme  refait à neuf   A tous les équipements dans le logement En priorité avec vous et dés le conclusion de la location avec le voyageur par email .Une personne est chargée de recevoir nos hôtes pour la prise en charge  et l'information sur l'appartement et répondre à leurs demande cette personne parle couramment Anglais si un problème survient lors du séjour les voyageurs peuvent faire appel à leur services    Sa situation idéale pour visiter les grands monuments de Paris (Louvre,Opéra, place Vendôme,etc)  Métro RER Bus
15046	Appartement 3 pièces refait à neuf avec 2 chambres et une belle salle de bain. Situé au plein cœur de Paris entre Châtelet et le Marais, et de toutes commodités. Au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur), l'appartement bénéficie du charme d'un appartement sous les combles. Avec une belle vue dégagée et donnant sur une rue piétonne, l'appartement est très lumineux. Il a aussi l'avantage d'être le seul de cet étage et, du coup, de bénéficier d'autonomie.	Appartement 3 pièces refait à neuf avec 2 chambres et une belle salle de bain. Situé au plein cœur de Paris entre Châtelet et le Marais, et de toutes commodités. Appartement 3 pièces refait à neuf avec 2 chambres et une belle salle de bain. Situé au plein cœur de Paris entre Châtelet et le Marais, et de toutes commodités. Au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur), l'appartement bénéficie du charme d'un appartement sous les combles. Avec une belle vue dégagée et donnant sur une rue piétonne, l'appartement est très lumineux. Il a aussi l'avantage d'être le seul de cet étage et, du coup, de bénéficier d'autonomie. Les voyageurs se sentiront comme chez eux. Ils ont accès à des serviettes de toilette et des draps de lit. Le quartier est très animé. Donnant sur une rue piétonne, de nombreux magasins, restaurants, bars et tout autre autres commerces sont à proximité. A deux pas de Beaubourg et du Marais l'appartement est au centre de Paris. L'appartement se trouve au milieu de 3 stations de métro et RER
15047	Très beau Studio pour 4 refait à neuf composé d'une cuisine US, d'une salle de bain et d'un séjour. Cuisine : -frigo -cafetière  - bouilloire -grille pain -vaisselle et verrerie pour 4 personnes -aliments de base tels que le sucre, le café et le thé. -ustensiles de cuisine  Séjour : -mezzanine avec un lit de 140x190 -canapé-lit de 140x190 -télévision -penderie Salle de bain: -baignoire-douche -WC -serviettes -tapis de bain -papier toilette 	 Situé a deux minute de MUSÉE DU LOUVRE, et de la PLACE DU PALAIS ROYAL Situé à 230 mètres du Musée du Louvre  Beau STUDIO de 25m2 (4 personnes)  Etage: 1ère étage  Dans un immeuble bourgeois. Deux Digicodes Très beau Studio pour 4 refait à neuf composé d'une cuisine US, d'une salle de bain et d'un séjour. Cuisine : -frigo -cafetière  - bouilloire -grille pain -vaisselle et verrerie pour 4 personnes -aliments de base tels que le sucre, le café et le thé. -ustensiles de cuisine  Séjour : -mezzanine avec un lit de 140x190 -canapé-lit de 140x190 -télévision -penderie Salle de bain: -baignoire-douche -WC -serviettes -tapis de bain -papier toilette Les voyageurs auront accès à tous les équipements du logement dont l'Internet haut débit en illimité. L'échange avec les voyageurs doit se faire par mail  ou par téléphone 10 jours avant la date d'arrivée. Pour les voyageurs ayant réservé en dernière minute, nous contacter dès la validation de leur réservation. Le quartier du Louvre est un quarti
15048		Niché en plein coeur du 1er arrondissement, à 100 mètres du Louvre et du Palais Royal, venez découvrir ce magnifique loft tout juste rénové dans un immeuble du 17ème siècle à la facade classée. Au calme et très bien desservi.
15049	Rented only four months per year, within the legal demands, the studio being our ownership and tax residence. We travel a lot throughout the year.	A charming newly decorated very quiet studio is located in the heart of Paris, in rue Saint Honoré, by the Palais Royal and the Louvre museum. Three metro stations are within 2 minutes' walk.
15050	Notre grand appartement, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble ancien, combine histoire (poutres apparentes) et contemporanéité.  Vous partagerez notre univers à travers les nombreux tableaux qui décorent nos murs et objets qui accompagnent nos meubles.  Une grande cuisine s’ouvre sur le bar, le salon -  salle-à-manger  (bref Living !) ; sur rue et sur cour, lumineux, vous avez le choix entre 2 chambres (l’une avec 1 canapé/lit double, l’autre avec un vrai lit double).   La salle de bain et les toilettes sont séparées.  A votre disposition, machine à laver la vaisselle, le linge, sèche linge, TV plasma grand écran (+ une dans chaque chambre) lecteur DVD (grande vidéothèque), wifi…  et évidemment la cuisine entièrement équipée puisque nous adorons cuisiner ! De chez nous, vous pourrez  profiter des commerces, du marché Montorgueil ouvert, des restaurants, bars, théâtres, cinéma (37 salles) évidemment des musées u Louvre, d'Orsay, Picasso... des show rooms et boutiques des grands	Nous vous proposons notre appartement, lieu de vie quotidien,  parisien et atypique en plein centre de Paris pour 4 personnes.  A 1 minute du musée du Louvre,  du  Palais Royal, des quais de Seine, du romantique Pont des Arts... Notre grand appartement, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble ancien, combine histoire (poutres apparentes) et contemporanéité.  Vous partagerez notre univers à travers les nombreux tableaux qui décorent nos murs et objets qui accompagnent nos meubles.  Une grande cuisine s’ouvre sur le bar, le salon -  salle-à-manger  (bref Living !) ; sur rue et sur cour, lumineux, vous avez le choix entre 2 chambres (l’une avec 1 canapé/lit double, l’autre avec un vrai lit double).   La salle de bain et les toilettes sont séparées.  A votre disposition, machine à laver la vaisselle, le linge, sèche linge, TV plasma grand écran (+ une dans chaque chambre) lecteur DVD (grande vidéothèque), wifi…  et évidemment la cuisine entièrement équipée puisque nous adorons cuisin
15051	Open space atypique en rez-de-chaussée près du Louvre et Palais Royal, laissez-vous séduire par ce charmant espace doté d'une superbe et authentique cave voutée, situé dans le centre et coeur de Paris 1er. Pièce à vivre salle à manger salon avec grande table ancienne et banc d'église  Cuisine entièrement équipée - Vaisselle nécessaire à votre séjour, - Gazinière avec four,  - Cafetière, bouilloire, grille-pain  etc..., - Réfrigérateur/congélateur Salle de bain complètement rénovée avec du parquet - Douche avec mur en pierres apparentes - WC - Lavabo - Sèche serviette Pour dormir, il y a - 1 lit 2 places (160x200) - 1 banquette lit 2 places Pour ranger, vous avez  - 2 petites commodes - 1 penderie avec cassiers Le linge de maison (draps, couette, serviettes de toilette, torchons, etc…), l'internet wifi sont mis à disposition. 	Les premières photos sont surexposées. Open space atypique en rez-de-chaussée près du Louvre et Palais Royal, laissez-vous séduire par ce charmant espace doté d'une superbe et authentique cave voutée, situé dans le centre et coeur de Paris 1er. Pièce à vivre salle à manger salon avec grande table ancienne et banc d'église  Cuisine entièrement équipée - Vaisselle nécessaire à votre séjour, - Gazinière avec four,  - Cafetière, bouilloire, grille-pain  etc..., - Réfrigérateur/congélateur Salle de bain complètement rénovée avec du parquet - Douche avec mur en pierres apparentes - WC - Lavabo - Sèche serviette Pour dormir, il y a - 1 lit 2 places (160x200) - 1 banquette lit 2 places Pour ranger, vous avez  - 2 petites commodes - 1 penderie avec cassiers Le linge de maison (draps, couette, serviettes de toilette, torchons, etc…), l'internet wifi sont mis à disposition. Pendant votre séjour, je suis à 20 mns de l'appartement et toujours joignable par téléphone, email, sms, skype, viber, whats
15052		Brightly lit studio nested between Avenue de l'Opera and the Musee du Louvres, near tons of restaurants, Galeries Lafayette, walking distance to Louvres, Concorde, Opera, Ritz,  Tuileries gardens. Your unique local base to explore Paris on foot! Accessibility is one of the best features of the flat. It is accessible on metro lines 14 (the best in Paris) and 7. It is walking distance (10mn) to the very central Chatelet Les Halles, or Auber where you can catch RER A, B, D and E and at least 4 other metro lines (1, 4, 5, and 11). Invalides station  is just across the river  (for line C). Bus lines (phone number hidden) and 62 are also available.
15053	Situation exceptionnelle de cet appartement. Proche de nombreux restaurants et de fameux monuments de Paris: musée du Louvres, Jardin du Palais Royal, jardin des Tuileries, les boutiques de la rue St Honoré, les quais de Seine, l'Opéra Garnier... Très bien desservit par les transports: métro L1, 7, 3, bus etc... Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l appartement. Le quartier du Palais Royal est pratique car très central Metro Palais Royal, Pyramide, Bourse, 4 Septembre 6 eme étage avec ascenseur  Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l appartement. Le quartier du Palais Royal est pratique car très central Metro Palais Royal, Pyramide, Bourse, 4 Septembre 6 eme étage avec ascenseur  Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l appartement. Le quartier du Palais Royal est pratique car très central Metro Palais Royal, Pyramide, Bourse, 4 Septembre 6 eme étage avec ascenseur  Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l appartement. Le quartier du Palais Royal est pratique c	Duplex traversant au coeur de Paris (1er arr. ) vue sur les jardins du Palais Royal et Tour Eiffel, 2 chambres avec TV, dont 1 double et 1 d'enfant avec couchage supplémentaire. 2 salles de bain avec baignoire + 2 WC.  Très lumineux. Musée du Louvres à 2 min.  Situation exceptionnelle de cet appartement. Proche de nombreux restaurants et de fameux monuments de Paris: musée du Louvres, Jardin du Palais Royal, jardin des Tuileries, les boutiques de la rue St Honoré, les quais de Seine, l'Opéra Garnier... Très bien desservit par les transports: métro L1, 7, 3, bus etc... Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l appartement. Le quartier du Palais Royal est pratique car très central Metro Palais Royal, Pyramide, Bourse, 4 Septembre 6 eme étage avec ascenseur  Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l appartement. Le quartier du Palais Royal est pratique car très central Metro Palais Royal, Pyramide, Bourse, 4 Septembre 6 eme étage avec ascenseur  Les voyageurs auront accès à la tot
15054	This large studio is perfectly located in the heart of Paris, just few minutes by walk from the Louvre Museum, Palais Royal and the Seine. It is situated in the 4th floor with elevator in a modern and secure building, it has a street view panoramic live.  There is an entrance hall, kitchen corner and then the main room with sofa bed and a double bed, a table for dining, a hi-fi, wifi internet and television. The bathroom is spacious with a bath, a large dressing will allow you to store all your business and your luggage. You will find a bakery and all the shops in Coquillière Street, next door, 2 minutes from the apartment. For shopping trips you can stroll Rue Saint Honore or the Halles. Everything is within walking distance! The Louvre-Palais-Royal extends over the entire 1st arrondissement, as well as the 2nd arrondissement. Located here: the Louvre, which is one of the largest European palaces and is now home to one of the world’s largest art museums. Also to be sine, the glass and	This large studio is perfectly located in the heart of Paris, just few minutes by walk from the Louvre Museum, Palais Royal and the Seine. It is situated in the 4th floor with elevator in a modern and secure building, it has a street view panoramic live.  There is an entrance hall, kitchen corner and then the main room with sofa bed and a double bed, a table for dining, a hi-fi, wifi internet and television. The bathroom is spacious with a bath, a large dressing will allow you to store all your business and your luggage. You will find a bakery and all the shops in Coquillière Street, next door, 2 minutes from the apartment. For shopping trips you can stroll Rue Saint Honore or the Halles. Everything is within walking distance! The Louvre-Palais-Royal extends over the entire 1st arrondissement, as well as the 2nd arrondissement. Located here: the Louvre, which is one of the largest European palaces and is now home to one of the world’s largest art museums. Also to be sine, the glass and
15055	Charming duplex studio right in Chatelêt-les-halles. 1 min walk from the subway station Châtelet and 1 min from les Halles, it's the easiest place to go to and from in Paris. You are right in the middle of Paris, near the biggest transport hub (RER, Metro, Bus, Velib bik stations...) It can't take you more than 30 min to go anywhere in Paris from the studio. It is so central that you'll probably won't use the subway that much. The Louvre, Notre Dame de Paris, Pompidou Modern Art Museum, Jardin des Tuileries are all within easy walking distance. Literally hundreds of places around to have a drink and eat, truly the best neighborhood for all your shopping needs! From Chatelet-Les Halles, direct express line to Roissy-Charles de Gaulle international airport (a 45 minutes ride).  The whole neighborhood is very lively, you are at the border of The Marais, the trendiest neighborhoud of Paris. The studio windows are not on the street, which means it stays extremely quiet at night, even when t	Charming duplex studio right in Chatelêt-les-halles. 1 min walk from the subway station Châtelet and 1 min from les Halles, it's the easiest place to go to and from in Paris. You are right in the middle of Paris, near the biggest transport hub (RER, Metro, Bus, Velib bik stations...) It can't take you more than 30 min to go anywhere in Paris from the studio. It is so central that you'll probably won't use the subway that much. The Louvre, Notre Dame de Paris, Pompidou Modern Art Museum, Jardin des Tuileries are all within easy walking distance. Literally hundreds of places around to have a drink and eat, truly the best neighborhood for all your shopping needs! From Chatelet-Les Halles, direct express line to Roissy-Charles de Gaulle international airport (a 45 minutes ride).  The whole neighborhood is very lively, you are at the border of The Marais, the trendiest neighborhoud of Paris. The studio windows are not on the street, which means it stays extremely quiet at night, even when t
15056	Beautiful house, located on 154 rue de Rivoli opposite the Louvre museum. Line 1 subway station Louvre Rivoli in front the building.  You will be in the heart of Paris. The greatest monuments of Paris are available and very easy to walk from home : The Louvre museum, you will see it from your living room, place Vendôme, the Palais Royal,l'île de la Cité, l'île Saint Louis, Notre Dame de Paris, La Mairie de Paristhe, the Pompidou Centre, the Forum des Halls. At the end of your street the Place de la Concorde and the Champs Elysées. The apartment is completely renovated in a building of character Haussmann style. It is perfectly equipped for 6 people.  réversible air conditioning The area is exceptionally rich in history and very commercial, it is the heart of Paris. You will easily find restaurants, pubs, caterers in the area. Day and night views from the apartment are superb. 	Apartment very well equipped for 6 people, 2 bedrooms and a lounge with sofa bed.  Very clear, unobstructed view of the Louvre Museum. The metro.  Ideally located rue de Rivoli in the 1st arrondissement of Paris. 1st floor elevator. Beautiful house, located on 154 rue de Rivoli opposite the Louvre museum. Line 1 subway station Louvre Rivoli in front the building.  You will be in the heart of Paris. The greatest monuments of Paris are available and very easy to walk from home : The Louvre museum, you will see it from your living room, place Vendôme, the Palais Royal,l'île de la Cité, l'île Saint Louis, Notre Dame de Paris, La Mairie de Paristhe, the Pompidou Centre, the Forum des Halls. At the end of your street the Place de la Concorde and the Champs Elysées. The apartment is completely renovated in a building of character Haussmann style. It is perfectly equipped for 6 people.  réversible air conditioning The area is exceptionally rich in history and very commercial, it is the heart o
15057	1 bedroom with a queen bed and a spacious living space with sofa bed combining kitchen, dining and sitting room (40sqm).  On 4th floor (with lift to the 3rd) flooded with natural light with views over the rooftops of Paris, totally calm and peaceful.   Fully refurbished in 2015	Under the eaves in the heart of historic Paris, a perfect nest for lovers. Flooded with natural light, calm and undisturbed, with views over the rooftops. The best of historical Paris just a short walk away. 1 bedroom with a queen bed and a spacious living space with sofa bed combining kitchen, dining and sitting room (40sqm).  On 4th floor (with lift to the 3rd) flooded with natural light with views over the rooftops of Paris, totally calm and peaceful.   Fully refurbished in 2015 In the heart of historic Paris, the Louvre, Tuileries gardens, Opera de Paris and the Palais Royal just a few minutes walk as well as the Japanese quarter. 3 of the best metro lines 100m away : Line 1 (E/W), Line 7 (N/S), Line 14 (automatic, fast). Taxi station 100m away
15058	This amazing apartment of 78 square meters for 6 persons with two bedrooms is very well located a few steps from Louvre-Rivoli and Châtelet Les Halles. Modern and luxury apartment. Very well located in the 1st District which is in the center of Paris.	it is a luxurious two bedroom apartment of 78 m2 for 6 people. Located at 5th and last floor, the flat overlooks a nice and quiet courtyard. The building has its own elevator.  This amazing apartment of 78 square meters for 6 persons with two bedrooms is very well located a few steps from Louvre-Rivoli and Châtelet Les Halles. Modern and luxury apartment. Very well located in the 1st District which is in the center of Paris. The entire apartment over phone and e-mails This apartment is located in the 1st district, at few meters from Louvre-Rivoli, the Louvre Museum and Châtelet Les Halles. You will easily use all the means of transport and enjoy shops and markets. Nearest Metros : Louvre-Rivoli (line 1) and Châtelet Les Halles (RER A and B) • A few days before your arrival, you will receive an email with information about our agent in charge of your Check-in & Check-out. • Once you are in Paris, you will have to sign the lease.  • We provide sheets, duvets, pillows and towels as well a
15059	Wake up with a French accent! This apartment is located on rue Jean Jacques Rousseau, about a 1/2 block from the Rue St. Honore and two blocks from the Louvre. It is minutes away from Rue de Rivoli, Place Vendome, the Seine, Notre Dame, and the Latin Quarter, just to name a few!  This first floor apartment has an entrance hall with a closet. After entering the french doors from the foyer, you are in the living room decorated in Louis Philippe antiques. This room has a queen size sofa bed that sleeps two.  The dining area seats four. The kitchen is well equipped with a washer, 4 burner stove, oven, toaster, microwave, and coffeemaker.  The bedroom has a queen-size bed, high beamed ceilings, an armoire and a Louis Philippe dresser. The bathroom is completely remodeled in marble with a tub & shower attachment. Everything is complete. Just bring your clothes! Metro: Louvre/Rivoli 	Wake up with a French accent! This apartment is located on rue Jean Jacques Rousseau, about a 1/2 block from the Rue St. Honore and two blocks from the Louvre. It is minutes away from Rue de Rivoli, Place Vendome, the Seine, Notre Dame, and the Latin Quarter, just to name a few!  This first floor apartment has an entrance hall with a closet. After entering the french doors from the foyer, you are in the living room decorated in Louis Philippe antiques. This room has a queen size sofa bed that sleeps two.  The dining area seats four. The kitchen is well equipped with a washer, 4 burner stove, oven, toaster, microwave, and coffeemaker.  The bedroom has a queen-size bed, high beamed ceilings, an armoire and a Louis Philippe dresser. The bathroom is completely remodeled in marble with a tub & shower attachment. Everything is complete. Just bring your clothes! Metro: Louvre/Rivoli 
15060	30 square meters, fifth floor (no elevator)	Three bright rooms in the middle of Paris, first arrondiss. View on the west entrance of the Musée du Louvre, next to Rue de Rivoli,les jardins de Tuileries,Musée d'Orsay. Ten-minute walk to the Notre Dame cathedral. Equip kitchen,tv,WiFi,bath. 30 square meters, fifth floor (no elevator) Really happy to interact with guests. I speak English, French and Italian. Perfectly central, everything is reachable. Several metro lines (1, 7, 4, 11): less than 5 mins walking. Several buses.
15061	"In excellent order!  Highly functional, All facilities available. Ideally located, just next to ""LE LOUVRE"" At the 3rd floor with a lift."	"Le Louvre, Opéra, Madeleine, Tuileries, all just next door!!! One Bedroom ideally located to spend good times in the heart of Paris.  One king-size bed, one bathroom, one kitchenette. 3rd floor with a lift In excellent order!  Highly functional, All facilities available. Ideally located, just next to ""LE LOUVRE"" At the 3rd floor with a lift. Access to the kitchenette area. Tableware, serving dishes and coffee machine available.  Wifi access, and Hifi cd/radio available. Next to ""Grands Boulevards"", to ""LE LOUVRE"" to ""Rivoli"", to ""Port Royal"". A lively and attractive neighborhood, where many cafes, restaurants, museums and art galleries can be found.  Ideally located at the center of Paris By subway Ligne 14, Station: Pyramides By cab"
15062		Situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur, en plein centre de Paris, ce superbe studio conviendra aux couples en séjour à Paris ! Sur la rive droite, à deux pas du Jardin des Tuileries, du Musée du Louvre et de la place du marché Saint Honoré.
15063	"A very central and nice apartment near from a great place like Louvre, Opéra, Palais Royal, Tuileries, place Vendôme and a lot of fashion shop like Colette. I rent my apartment minimum three days. There is one bed room and a new sofa double bed in the living. It is  comfortable and you can have a break in the rush if you visit Paris : between Opera and the Louvre, you can walk around, then go home to have a lunch, a nap... and then go out again to explore the parisian night.  No need to take any transportation : a lot of places can be visited by walking. The area is very famous and ""chic"" : nice restaurants, perfect mood, a lot of shops... You can sleep in the double bed or in the couch in the living. Open it, it's for two people and it's comfortable.  I let you clean sheets and towels and you can feel home in my cosy place.  The flat is very secure : you'll need to know three codes to reach it.  Three metro station can be reached easily within five minutes : Opera, Palais Royal and Py"	"A very central and nice apartment near from a great place like Louvre, Opéra, Palais Royal, Tuileries, place Vendôme and a lot of fashion shop like Colette. I rent my apartment minimum three days. There is one bed room and a new sofa double bed in the living. It is  comfortable and you can have a break in the rush if you visit Paris : between Opera and the Louvre, you can walk around, then go home to have a lunch, a nap... and then go out again to explore the parisian night.  No need to take any transportation : a lot of places can be visited by walking. The area is very famous and ""chic"" : nice restaurants, perfect mood, a lot of shops... You can sleep in the double bed or in the couch in the living. Open it, it's for two people and it's comfortable.  I let you clean sheets and towels and you can feel home in my cosy place.  The flat is very secure : you'll need to know three codes to reach it.  Three metro station can be reached easily within five minutes : Opera, Palais Royal and Py"
15064	This apartment is  localited at GUENEGAUD street in the hearth of SAINT GERMAIN-ODEON district in the 6th area,   face of river SEINE bank and face on CITE  ISLAND are located within walking distance. On the first floor with a lift : The apartment consiste of a large living room with 2 baies windows with a view on the river LA SEINE and CITE Island . very suitable for  6/7 guests on the first floor with elevator, in a complete renovated building of 1930. Last renovation of the apartment is 2013. the kitchen is full equipped (stove, micro-wave, fridge, wash-dishes, cupboards, coffee machine and kettle.  The apartment consists of 2 separated bedrooms, In the first bedroom, you’ll find a double beds with a bathroom and water closets in suite. The other bedrooms are with a large bed and a bathroom with shower in suite .  There is also a toilet in the corridor. Equipment: washing-machine, vacuum cleaner, iron and ironing board, ADSL, Wifi, telephone, Flat TV Screen. Linen and towels are fur	this apartment is localited at GUENEGAUD street in the hearth of SAINT GERMAIN-ODEON district in the 6th area,  in front of the river THE SEINE bank.  CITE  ISLAND is located at within walking distance. Odeon area is very close :restaurant and cafes This apartment is  localited at GUENEGAUD street in the hearth of SAINT GERMAIN-ODEON district in the 6th area,   face of river SEINE bank and face on CITE  ISLAND are located within walking distance. On the first floor with a lift : The apartment consiste of a large living room with 2 baies windows with a view on the river LA SEINE and CITE Island . very suitable for  6/7 guests on the first floor with elevator, in a complete renovated building of 1930. Last renovation of the apartment is 2013. the kitchen is full equipped (stove, micro-wave, fridge, wash-dishes, cupboards, coffee machine and kettle.  The apartment consists of 2 separated bedrooms, In the first bedroom, you’ll find a double beds with a bathroom and water closets in suite. 
15065	"Place des Victoires. Located closed to pedestrian Montorgueil neighborhood, Palais Royal and the Louvre museum, you will be located in the heart of Fashion Paris, one of the best location in Paris. Visiting, Shopping, Eating are 5 minutes max by walk... Very central location ideal to explore the city and live a parisian experience in the famous Saint Honoré street. You can visit monuments closed to the apartment (just by walk) as the Louvre, Tuileries Garden, Vendôme Square, Opéra Garnier, Concorde Square, and enjoy many hype parisian ""places to be"" for dinner and after dinner."	"Beautiful modern and stylish apartment of 65 m2 (700 sqf)  in a peaceful and charming residence Place des Victoires. Located closed to pedestrian Montorgueil neighborhood, Palais Royal and the Louvre museum, you will be located in the heart of Fashion Paris, one of the best location in Paris. Visiting, Shopping, Eating are 5 minutes max by walk... Very central location ideal to explore the city and live a parisian experience in the famous Saint Honoré street. You can visit monuments closed to the apartment (just by walk) as the Louvre, Tuileries Garden, Vendôme Square, Opéra Garnier, Concorde Square, and enjoy many hype parisian ""places to be"" for dinner and after dinner."
15066	Our flat is a one bedroom flat (bed for 2 people) and an inflatable matress is available for another 2 people (Trust me, very confortable). All you need is here, at your disposal (kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, TV, internet, ...). We only have one or two neighbors, so you will rest in a quiet place, where you can make a little bit of noise without anoying anyone! You can tidy your bike in the court and a concierge is here for you if you need anything. 	"Amazing flat, ""haussmanien style"", very Parisian! The surface is 90 m2, near the Louvre (around the corner). The location is very central (1st arrondissement), 2 min walking to the Seine,  very quiet and close from all you would need (shops, bikes, cinema, metro, buses...) Our flat is a one bedroom flat (bed for 2 people) and an inflatable matress is available for another 2 people (Trust me, very confortable). All you need is here, at your disposal (kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, TV, internet, ...). We only have one or two neighbors, so you will rest in a quiet place, where you can make a little bit of noise without anoying anyone! You can tidy your bike in the court and a concierge is here for you if you need anything. it's a second floor flat. You will have access to the whole flat. Of course, we'll stay in touch by email if you have any question. You probably know the Louvre area! This is one of the best place to rest in Paris. Right in the center of Paris. in 1st arron"
15067	Au cœur de Paris, proche de tous commerces ! Vous aurez tout à disposition, pas besoin de ramener le linge de maison. L'appartement est très propre et très bien agencé. Très lumineux, très calme, idéalement situé. Pour ceux qui aime le shopping, de nombreux magasins de luxe sont à proximité. Pour ceux qui aime le sport, les quais de Seine sont fait pour vous ! Pour ceux qui veulent se reposer, cinémas, restaurants, théâtres sont ici pour vous !	Pour 1 personne ou un couple, studio lumineux, propre et calme se situant rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau dans le 1er arrondissement, en face Louboutin !  Logement idéal pour visiter Paris. Vous ne serez qu'à 200m du Louvre, et 400m des quais de Seine. Au cœur de Paris, proche de tous commerces ! Vous aurez tout à disposition, pas besoin de ramener le linge de maison. L'appartement est très propre et très bien agencé. Très lumineux, très calme, idéalement situé. Pour ceux qui aime le shopping, de nombreux magasins de luxe sont à proximité. Pour ceux qui aime le sport, les quais de Seine sont fait pour vous ! Pour ceux qui veulent se reposer, cinémas, restaurants, théâtres sont ici pour vous ! Très facile d'accès (Chatelêt-Les Halles à coté) : RER A / Ligne 1 etc. Le cœur de Paris, à visiter absolument. Des monuments, des places pour prendre l'apéritif, de beaux immeubles, et ça à chaque coin de rue ! Métro, RER, bateaux-mouches, taxi ! ;-)
15068	En plein coeur du 1er arrondissement parisien, à deux pas du métro chatelet, du musée du louvre. Mon studio de 27 m² vous offrira tout le confort comme si vous étiez chez vous. Possibilité de coucher deux enfants grâce à des chauffeuses en plus d'un canapé lit très confortable. Cuisine tout équipé, supermarché en bas de l'immeuble haut standing. N’hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'infos ou de photos.	"En plein coeur du 1er arrondissement parisien, à deux pas du métro chatelet, du musée du louvre. Mon studio de 27 m² vous offrira tout le confort comme si vous étiez chez vous. Possibilité de coucher deux enfants grâce à des chauffeuses en plus d'un canapé lit très confortable. Cuisine tout équipé, supermarché en bas de l'immeuble haut standing. N’hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'infos ou de photos. Métro châtelet, sortie numéro 1 ""rue de Rivoli"", deuxième à droite en marchant dans le sens des voitures."
15069	Welcome to this charming and elegant top floor duplex apartment, beautifully decorated with design objects and artworks.  Downstairs we have the entrance, a spacious kitchen, dining area and living room.  Upstairs you will find a cozy and quiet bedroom towards the courtyard and a luxurious bathroom. The apartment is fully equipped with everything a sophisticated traveller expects for a flawless stay. But be aware that just like in so many of the typical old Parisian buildings, we do not have an elevator, so the daily workout can be gotten out of the way by the four flights of stairs.	This elegant and arty one-bedroom duplex apartment comfortably sleeps two. It is most centrally located only one block from the Louvre, the Palais Royale, the Seine and next door to great shopping options like the neighboring Louboutin boutique.  Welcome to this charming and elegant top floor duplex apartment, beautifully decorated with design objects and artworks.  Downstairs we have the entrance, a spacious kitchen, dining area and living room.  Upstairs you will find a cozy and quiet bedroom towards the courtyard and a luxurious bathroom. The apartment is fully equipped with everything a sophisticated traveller expects for a flawless stay. But be aware that just like in so many of the typical old Parisian buildings, we do not have an elevator, so the daily workout can be gotten out of the way by the four flights of stairs. You will live right in the heart of the chic 1st Parisian district. It is just down the street from the Louvre and so many other exciting sights, cultural institu
15070	In front of the Ministry of culture, you will enjoy a calm and cosy 570 square feet (53 m2) luminous apartment.  No overlooked for the living, a courtyard bedroom and a brand new bathroom. As a true Hausman building, the apartment has a wooden floor, moldings and a fire place. 2 mn from the Louvre, 5 from the Seine, a supermarket at the corner and the best Parisian restaurants in the neighborhood (including my favorite brunch, Klaus).  You have different metro (subway) access at less than 5 mn and two beautiful garden (Palais Royal and Jardin des Tuileries) at walking distance. In a few words, you cannot be better located	This lovely 600 ft apartment provides all essential aspects of a romantic and cosy experience in the heart of the capital. Located in the first district, the Louvres, the Palais Royal, The Seine and the Tuileries are at walking distance ( 5 mn). In front of the Ministry of culture, you will enjoy a calm and cosy 570 square feet (53 m2) luminous apartment.  No overlooked for the living, a courtyard bedroom and a brand new bathroom. As a true Hausman building, the apartment has a wooden floor, moldings and a fire place. 2 mn from the Louvre, 5 from the Seine, a supermarket at the corner and the best Parisian restaurants in the neighborhood (including my favorite brunch, Klaus).  You have different metro (subway) access at less than 5 mn and two beautiful garden (Palais Royal and Jardin des Tuileries) at walking distance. In a few words, you cannot be better located Every supply of the apartment. You will be able to reach us by mail or telephone during your whole stay. Calm and historic, 
15071	l'appartement est composé de 3 pièces avec 80 mètres carrés, une première chambre avec un lit de 160 x 190 suivi d'un grand salon et la deuxième chambre avec un grand lit de 190×200 , les deux chambres sont complètement séparé, ensuite nous avons la cuisine avec une table à manger à côté la salle des bain  et les toilettes séparées, nous savons aussi en lit  pliante supplémentaires en cas de besoin	Situé à quelques pas de Nôtre Dame de Paris, la Tour St. Jacques, Centre Pompidou et Châtelet, l'appartement est une splendide habitation située dans un immeuble haussmannien au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Il a 5 grandes fenêtres double vitrage, qui laisse une lumière paradisiaque entrer et créer une atmosphère de vacances, calme et sérénité. Toutes les possibilités de transport : RER, Métro, Bus, Taxis et Vélos avec pistes cyclables vous offrent la possibilité d'aller là ou votre coeur désire : Musées, expositions, jardins) parmi les 600 jardins de Paris), bibliothèques salles de cinémas, discothèques, bars et même faire de promenades à pédibus (marche à pied). La cuisine est un véritable espace zen par sa présentation, mais aussi par tout le nécessaire qui facilite la création de royaux repas. La chambre, avec un énorme lit est un lieu de repos assuré par un silence total. Le salon est équipé avec tout le nécessaire : TV, DVD, cd et home cinéma, wi-fi, TV international. Aussi, le cana
15072		Coquet petit 2 pièces traversant plus couchage sur mezzanine dans une rue calme au cœur du quartier latin. Pièce principale avec coin cuisine et grand canapé lit. Coin salle d'eau sous la mezzanine et coin bureau dans l'autre pièce. WC séparés.  
15073	PRIVILEGED LOCATION SPECIAL Located two minute LOUVRE, and PLACE OF ROYAL PALACE Located 230 meters from the Louvre Museum Beautiful STUDIO 16m2 (2 persons) Floor: 1st floor In a stately building. Two Digicodes Address: Rue Jean Jacques Rousseau 75001Paris Sofa 140X200 -Kitchen: 2 hot plates, 1 sink, 1 refrigerator, 1 microwave, 1 coffee, 1 kettle, 1 toaster Subway, bus, Metro: 200 meters  Parking: 100 meters. Taxi rank: 50 meters. -CLOSE - De La Place Vendome, Champs Elysees, Rue de la Paix, Rue Royale, Opera (Garnier), Place de la Concorde, Rue Saint Honore, Etc ... .-AROUND -: The ... - Department Stores, Palaces Parisians fashion shops nearby building Christian Louboutin & passage Vero Dodat Gallery, the Louvre Museum in theaters, cinema, tourist attractions, Comedy French Opera .. . Two parks (Jardin du Palais Royal and Jardin des Tuileries). 5 minutes walk from Chatelet district, 10 minutes walk from the Centre Pompidou, the town hall and the marsh. Other Information: TV LG 55cm 	PRIVILEGED LOCATION SPECIAL Located two minute LOUVRE, and PLACE OF ROYAL PALACE Located 230 meters from the Louvre Museum Beautiful STUDIO 16m2 (2 persons) Floor: 1st floor In a stately building. Two Digicodes Address: Rue Jean Jacques Rousseau 75001Paris Sofa 140X200 -Kitchen: 2 hot plates, 1 sink, 1 refrigerator, 1 microwave, 1 coffee, 1 kettle, 1 toaster Subway, bus, Metro: 200 meters  Parking: 100 meters. Taxi rank: 50 meters. -CLOSE - De La Place Vendome, Champs Elysees, Rue de la Paix, Rue Royale, Opera (Garnier), Place de la Concorde, Rue Saint Honore, Etc ... .-AROUND -: The ... - Department Stores, Palaces Parisians fashion shops nearby building Christian Louboutin & passage Vero Dodat Gallery, the Louvre Museum in theaters, cinema, tourist attractions, Comedy French Opera .. . Two parks (Jardin du Palais Royal and Jardin des Tuileries). 5 minutes walk from Chatelet district, 10 minutes walk from the Centre Pompidou, the town hall and the marsh. Other Information: TV LG 55cm 
15074		    Charmant studio situé au 3 ème étage d'un immeuble sécurisé et situé à 3 minutes à pied du Musée du Louvre.   
15075		This charming Paris furnished, duplex apartment is located in the historic center of Paris, just outside the Louvre, near the Palais Royal and the Tuileries Gardens. Just a few minutes stroll from St Germain des Près.
15076	This nice studio with it's rustic touch will seduce you at the first sight!  Very well located, in the heart of the very famous Quartier Latin, on the Left Bank.  The nice little chimney, the floor-tiles and the beams give the studio the charm of typical parisian places, with a subtle rustic style.  The main room is spacious (173ft²), and very pleasant and comfortable to live in.  The bed is very comfortable with TWO top-mattresses and FIVE pillows! The building has a rich historical background, many painters of the 20th century lived there, including Henri Matisse, from where he painted his famous Goldfish and Notre Dame cathedral. 	Nice studio, very pleasant and comfortable to live in, in the best area, in the very center of Paris.  Many subways, bus, monuments, museums (Le Louvre, le Musée d'Orsay...), restaurants, movie theaters, bars, and clubs, just around the corner! This nice studio with it's rustic touch will seduce you at the first sight!  Very well located, in the heart of the very famous Quartier Latin, on the Left Bank.  The nice little chimney, the floor-tiles and the beams give the studio the charm of typical parisian places, with a subtle rustic style.  The main room is spacious (173ft²), and very pleasant and comfortable to live in.  The bed is very comfortable with TWO top-mattresses and FIVE pillows! The building has a rich historical background, many painters of the 20th century lived there, including Henri Matisse, from where he painted his famous Goldfish and Notre Dame cathedral.  The entire studio.  In the kitchen, you have access to the oven, the double electric hotplate, dish soap, and all
15077	Our quiet 30m2 loft studio is two 'chambres de bonne' turned into one, full of charm, situated in the heart of Paris ( 1st arrondissement) parallel to the beautiful gardens of Palais Royal. We live in the same (18th century) apartment building and we use the studio for our children, our friends ànd short lets.  Two double-glazed sky lights ( with sun control window film) overlook the roofs of Paris. When they're open, you hear the city noise, when shut it's dead quiet in the studio.. A typical Parisian-style winding wooden staircase (escalier de service) takes you to the fifth floor, no lift I'm afraid!  You need to be fit, if not, you will become so... Separate entrance in the courtyard, so you are completely independent. The studio has recently been refurbished and it comprises a mezzanine with double bed, a fully equipped kitchenette, no dishwasher, small bathroom with shower, basin and toilet. The sofa bed sleeps one adult or two small children. Plenty of storage, electric heating 	Cozy, comfortable and quiet loft in heart of Paris, ideal home to come back to after your strolls. All sites, museums and monuments are walking distance, great area for dining and shopping. We let per week (7 nights) minimum from now on. Our quiet 30m2 loft studio is two 'chambres de bonne' turned into one, full of charm, situated in the heart of Paris ( 1st arrondissement) parallel to the beautiful gardens of Palais Royal. We live in the same (18th century) apartment building and we use the studio for our children, our friends ànd short lets.  Two double-glazed sky lights ( with sun control window film) overlook the roofs of Paris. When they're open, you hear the city noise, when shut it's dead quiet in the studio.. A typical Parisian-style winding wooden staircase (escalier de service) takes you to the fifth floor, no lift I'm afraid!  You need to be fit, if not, you will become so... Separate entrance in the courtyard, so you are completely independent. The studio has recently been 
15078	This comfortable and charming studio with exposed beams has a modern and refined decoration. Located near the famous Louvre, you will be close to the most beautiful districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of an old 18th century building with no elevator. It overlooks a courtyard facing south-west. This studio is very charming with its apparent beams and contemporary design. It is furnished with a 140 cm leather sofa bed, a console table, a duo coffee table and a flat screen TV. The open-plan kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a microwave, hot plates and 2 coffee makers (one with filter and the other with capsules). The closet was built in the corridor. The WC is included in the bathroom with the shower tub. Louvre – Palais Royal neighborhood shelters one of the most famous museums in the world, but it is also an excellent place to stroll through its beautiful gardens and its boutiques situated under the archways. This is without a doubt the posh side of Paris wher	This comfortable and charming studio with exposed beams has a modern and refined decoration. Located near the famous Louvre, you will be close to the most beautiful districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of an old 18th century building with no elevator. It overlooks a courtyard facing south-west. This studio is very charming with its apparent beams and contemporary design. It is furnished with a 140 cm leather sofa bed, a console table, a duo coffee table and a flat screen TV. The open-plan kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a microwave, hot plates and 2 coffee makers (one with filter and the other with capsules). The closet was built in the corridor. The WC is included in the bathroom with the shower tub. Louvre – Palais Royal neighborhood shelters one of the most famous museums in the world, but it is also an excellent place to stroll through its beautiful gardens and its boutiques situated under the archways. This is without a doubt the posh side of Paris wher
15079	THIS LISTING HAS MOVED HERE: www.airbnb.com/rooms/3519793	THIS LISTING HAS MOVED HERE: www.airbnb.com/rooms/3519793 THIS LISTING HAS MOVED HERE: www.airbnb.com/rooms/3519793 its very central: Palais Royal and its gardens, the Louvre, the shopping areas all very close by. there are metro/subway stations very close.
15080	Description Welcome In Paris (Saint Germain des Près – Odéon). Here you can walk everywhere in Paris! You don't want to miss out on the opportunity to experience Parisian life! The studio is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. It cannot get any better, right beside the churches of Saint Germain des Prés and Saint Sulpice, in one of the most lively and fashionable areas of Paris, with many chic shops. The neighborhood is full of chic bars and gastronomic restaurants around but the studio has a plus is very quiet. Restaurants, cinemas, theatres, Museums, shops (Bon Marché, Galeries Lafayette, Shops ), art galleries nearby Metros: Odéon 3 minutes, Saint Michel 5 minutes, Mabillon 5 minutes, Saint Germain des prés 7 minutes and Louvre-Rivoli 10 minutes. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your 	Welcome In Paris (Saint Germain des Près – Odéon). Here you can walk everywhere in Paris! You don't want to miss out on the opportunity to experience Parisian life! Description Welcome In Paris (Saint Germain des Près – Odéon). Here you can walk everywhere in Paris! You don't want to miss out on the opportunity to experience Parisian life! The studio is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. It cannot get any better, right beside the churches of Saint Germain des Prés and Saint Sulpice, in one of the most lively and fashionable areas of Paris, with many chic shops. The neighborhood is full of chic bars and gastronomic restaurants around but the studio has a plus is very quiet. Restaurants, cinemas, theatres, Museums, shops (Bon Marché, Galeries Lafayette, Shops ), art galleries nearby Metros: Odéon 3 minutes, Saint Michel 5 minutes, Mabillon 5 minutes, Saint Germain des prés 7 minutes and Louvre-Rivoli 10 minutes. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side t
15081	In a building dating from the late seventeenth century, you will love this apartment, ideally located in the heart of Paris, near the Louvre, next to the Royal Palace, near the Rue Saint Honore, close to the Opera of Paris next to the Seine, the Pont des Arts .... After all these trips and if you still have energy then you can go shopping in department stores or so walk down the Rue Saint-Honoré enjoy the great couturiers. Although this apartment is very well equipped, you can enjoy the restaurants in a central and very lively day and night. A very well equipped kitchen, a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom and a mezannine with a double extra bed recently renovated await you. Served by metro lines 1, 3, 7, 8, 14 and RER A, RER B (for airports) this studio is at the crossroads of all roads.	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, near the Louvre, next to the Royal Palace, near the Rue Saint Honore...  A very well equipped kitchen, a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom and a mezannine with a double extra bed recently renovated await you. In a building dating from the late seventeenth century, you will love this apartment, ideally located in the heart of Paris, near the Louvre, next to the Royal Palace, near the Rue Saint Honore, close to the Opera of Paris next to the Seine, the Pont des Arts .... After all these trips and if you still have energy then you can go shopping in department stores or so walk down the Rue Saint-Honoré enjoy the great couturiers. Although this apartment is very well equipped, you can enjoy the restaurants in a central and very lively day and night. A very well equipped kitchen, a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom and a mezannine with a double extra bed recently renovated await you. Served by metro lines 1, 3, 7, 8, 14 and RER A, RER B (for airport
15082	This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a residential building, with no elevator.  This apartment provides a stunning view over the paved courtyard and it is very bright. With a chic and modern spirit, this apartment can accommodate up to five people in the two bedrooms and the living room. Indeed, a 160 cm double bed, a 80 cm single bed and a 160 cm convertible sofa are at your disposal. The apartment features a baby cot if you are on a family trip.	This apartment is perfectly equipped and functional. It will allow you to have an unforgettable stay in Paris. Its central position, in the heart of the city, between the Louvre, the Halles and the Bourse will make it easy for you to discover Paris. This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a residential building, with no elevator.  This apartment provides a stunning view over the paved courtyard and it is very bright. With a chic and modern spirit, this apartment can accommodate up to five people in the two bedrooms and the living room. Indeed, a 160 cm double bed, a 80 cm single bed and a 160 cm convertible sofa are at your disposal. The apartment features a baby cot if you are on a family trip. Housing one of the world’s most famous museums, the Louvre – Palais Royal neighborhood is an ideal place to stroll around in its wonderful gardens and stalls under the arches. It is undoubtedly the elite neighborhood of Paris where you will find luxury boutiques, 5 stars hotels and famous
15083		Sublime 2 pièces, moderne, extrêmement bien situé au centre de Paris. En face du concept store Colette, en plein quartier fashion de la rue saint honoré, à deux minutes des restaurants prisés du marché saint honoré, des tuileries et du louvre.
15084	Nice old building Newly refurbished: a mix of modern and charming touch: 1 master bedroom 1 single bedroom 1 bathroom with bath and shower Rooms are large High ceiling Large windows, great light in the flat all day long Quiet street 	105 m2 in the 1st district: fashion & cultural Newly refurbished: charm & modern 200m from Tuileries / Musee du Louvre /Opera 50m from rue Saint Honore: Colette, balenciaga 2 bedrooms:  1 master bedroom 1 single bedroom 1 bathroom: bath+shower Nice old building Newly refurbished: a mix of modern and charming touch: 1 master bedroom 1 single bedroom 1 bathroom with bath and shower Rooms are large High ceiling Large windows, great light in the flat all day long Quiet street Wifi Washing machine Dish washer Microwave Tv Available by email and mobile to give good advice for the nice restaurants, bars, boutiques... 2 minutes away from the fashion and cultural district. Central location 50m from concept store Colette, 150m from musée du Louvre, musée des Arts Décoratifs, musée du Jeu de Paume, place Vendome 300m from Louvre des Antiquaires, Opéra, Palais Royal, Comédie Française 50m from Place du Marche Saint Honoré Alimentation: monoprix a 3 minutes, franprix et carrefour market, ainsi que 
15085	Good standing building from 17th century with a beautiful facade. This apartment is on the third floor without a lift. The access to the Paris apartment is secured by two digicodes.	Beautiful 1-bedroom spacious apartment for two people in the center of Paris ! Shopping lovers will dream about this location, with all the trendy and luxury shops nearby. Good standing building from 17th century with a beautiful facade. This apartment is on the third floor without a lift. The access to the Paris apartment is secured by two digicodes. Enjoy the lovely high ceilings characteristic of Paris apartments by renting this flat of 55 m2. Art lovers will appreciate the beautiful paintings and a collection of colorful butterflies. There is a very nice lounge with a decorative fireplace, a table to accommodate 4 guests and a comfortable couch. The bedroom, looking onto a courtyard, is quiet and has a double bed (160 * 200). The bathroom has a tub with a real shower. The kitchen is fully equipped. In conclusion, this is a very nice Paris apartment rental located in the heart of the capital, close to the Louvre and the Opera district at a quite fair price. Rent this apartment in Pa
15086	en plein coeur du paris chic , vue sublime et tout confort ds un petit espace ...( 14m2) + le wc sur le palier et le lit rangé au plafond , font  que vous vivez aussi bien que ds un studio de 20 m2  le lit se range au plafond la journée et laisse la place assise sur les banquettes  la nuit il descend , et vous dormez ds un vrai lit avec un matelas de 27 cm d epaisseur  la douche est tout confort (les photos ne la mette pas en valeur ) , vous avez un chauffe eau de 150 litres d eau  la machine a laver le linge sèche aussi !!  coté cuisine , rien a dire , assiettes tasses , verres casserole et poêles sont a votre disposition si vous souhaitez cuisiner ! pour les travailleurs fatigués , nombreux restaurants sur la place ou ds le quartier japonais juste derrière l avenue de l opéra .. les wc  sont collés a la chambre et vous en n avez l exclusivité , ils sont privés !!  draps et serviettes sont fournis  il y a la télévision par câble et internet ... mais je vous recommande de regarder le c	en plein coeur du paris chic , vue sublime et tout confort ds un petit espace ...( 14m2) + le wc sur le palier et le lit rangé au plafond , font  que vous vivez aussi bien que ds un studio de 20 m2  le lit se range au plafond la journée et laisse la place assise sur les banquettes  la nuit il descend , et vous dormez ds un vrai lit avec un matelas de 27 cm d epaisseur  la douche est tout confort (les photos ne la mette pas en valeur ) , vous avez un chauffe eau de 150 litres d eau  la machine a laver le linge sèche aussi !!  coté cuisine , rien a dire , assiettes tasses , verres casserole et poêles sont a votre disposition si vous souhaitez cuisiner ! pour les travailleurs fatigués , nombreux restaurants sur la place ou ds le quartier japonais juste derrière l avenue de l opéra .. les wc  sont collés a la chambre et vous en n avez l exclusivité , ils sont privés !!  draps et serviettes sont fournis  il y a la télévision par câble et internet ... mais je vous recommande de regarder le c
15087	At over 82 m2 (about 890 ft2), the apartment is quite large and certainly feels larger, due to the open spaces and volume created by the tall ceilings that are over 3.5 m2 (about 11 ft) and large windows grace this beautiful apartment.  The master bedroom has a king sized bed. The second bedroom has 2 twin size beds, which can be separated or pushed together, but do not form one single bed. The bathroom is located between the 2 bedrooms with seperate access, which makes it practical. The kitchen is fabulous, and opens out to the dining area, where a large table can accommodate up to six people. The kitchen is well equipped with all you need to cook, or just reheat delicatessen items, of which there are many in your immediate area!	This is a very handsome and comfortable apartment, set up for up to 4 adults in refined settings of luxury. Very well maintained and tastefully decorated, it is sure to please discriminate travelers.  At over 82 m2 (about 890 ft2), the apartment is quite large and certainly feels larger, due to the open spaces and volume created by the tall ceilings that are over 3.5 m2 (about 11 ft) and large windows grace this beautiful apartment.  The master bedroom has a king sized bed. The second bedroom has 2 twin size beds, which can be separated or pushed together, but do not form one single bed. The bathroom is located between the 2 bedrooms with seperate access, which makes it practical. The kitchen is fabulous, and opens out to the dining area, where a large table can accommodate up to six people. The kitchen is well equipped with all you need to cook, or just reheat delicatessen items, of which there are many in your immediate area! 2nd European floor walk up (3rd US) No elevator Sleeping a
15088	This apartment of 55 ㎡ is on the 2nd floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips.   It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:2 semi-double beds(120X190), 1 double sofa bed(140X190) and single sofa bed(80X190).	1 Bedroom + 2 Convertible bed, 1 bath/WC, sleeps up to 4.  Beautifully renovated and fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment of 50 m2 in 1er arrondissement, the apartment is located just steps from the famous street Saint Honoré and the Louvre museum.  This apartment of 55 ㎡ is on the 2nd floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips.   It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:2 semi-double beds(120X190), 1 double sofa bed(140X190) and single sofa bed(80X190). You will have full usage of all the equipments in the apartment during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped as followed: ・Bathroom : Bathtub, Hair dryer, towels(2 sizes big&medium), hand towels, bathroom mat, towel dryer, weight scale and toilet papers. ・Bedroom : 2 semi-double beds with bedding, spare linens&towels, alarm clock, wardrobe with hangers, iron&ironing board, drying rack and safe. ・Living room : Double sofa bed, TV, DVD player, stereo, telep
15089	"This  charming and convenient 30m²  renovated furnished and fully equipped studio flat is perfectly located in the center of Paris,  few steps from Madeleine Church, Garnier Opera house, the shopping avenues with Les Galeries Lafayette and Printemps. Few hundred meters from Louvre Museum and Concorde Square leading to Avenue Champs Elysees. it's located at the 4th floor accessible through two modern elevators. The building was an old luxury hotel in the 30s, saves all the simplicity and elegance of its time; exquisite foyer of ""Art Deco"" and delicious to rest after a hike through the amazing Paris.  With hardwood floor It's composed of a large living room with a very comfortable sofa-bed that may be converted into a double bed, cupboards, equipped US kitchen, bathroom with toilets. Perfect for business people, single, couple, language students, you are surrounded by shops, restaurants, bars, pubs, theathers,  luxury hotels but in a very quite flat. Public transportation are very conven"	"Excellent small open-space studio, perfect for romantic couple or two friends; comfortable, cozy, practical, well equipped, perfect location for walking and getting lost in the dream places of amazing Paris ... This  charming and convenient 30m²  renovated furnished and fully equipped studio flat is perfectly located in the center of Paris,  few steps from Madeleine Church, Garnier Opera house, the shopping avenues with Les Galeries Lafayette and Printemps. Few hundred meters from Louvre Museum and Concorde Square leading to Avenue Champs Elysees. it's located at the 4th floor accessible through two modern elevators. The building was an old luxury hotel in the 30s, saves all the simplicity and elegance of its time; exquisite foyer of ""Art Deco"" and delicious to rest after a hike through the amazing Paris.  With hardwood floor It's composed of a large living room with a very comfortable sofa-bed that may be converted into a double bed, cupboards, equipped US kitchen, bathroom with toile"
15090	Lovely little apartment of 22m2 in the heart of Paris on rue St Honoré street (1st district) right between Place de la Concorde and Madeleine. It will host you in the most beautiful, chic area in Paris! 3rd floor of a classical building with a digicode for your safety. One main room with a wood floor includes a comfortable bedroom (120 cm), a chair, and two coffee tables.  HQ equipment: plasma screen, wifi connexion. The kitchen is perfectly equipped with a baking over/ micro-wave combined, toaster, fridge, and 2 hotplates. In a separate place a dressing with a washing machine. The bathroom is very comfortable with a large mirror and a shower. Adorable appartement de 22 m2 au coeur de Paris rue St Honoré (1er arrondissement) juste entre la Place de la Concorde et Madeleine. Je vous accueillerai dans le quartier le plus chic et raffiné de Paris! L’appartement est situé au 3eme étage d’un immeuble classique avec un digicode pour votre sécurité. Il s’agit d’une pièce principale avec un be	Lovely apartment in the heart of Paris on  rue St Honoré street (1st district) right between Place de la Concorde and Madeleine. Welcome in the most beautiful and chic area of Paris! Adorable appartement sitéau coeur du célèbre quartier St Honoré! Lovely little apartment of 22m2 in the heart of Paris on rue St Honoré street (1st district) right between Place de la Concorde and Madeleine. It will host you in the most beautiful, chic area in Paris! 3rd floor of a classical building with a digicode for your safety. One main room with a wood floor includes a comfortable bedroom (120 cm), a chair, and two coffee tables.  HQ equipment: plasma screen, wifi connexion. The kitchen is perfectly equipped with a baking over/ micro-wave combined, toaster, fridge, and 2 hotplates. In a separate place a dressing with a washing machine. The bathroom is very comfortable with a large mirror and a shower. Adorable appartement de 22 m2 au coeur de Paris rue St Honoré (1er arrondissement) juste entre la Pl
15091	You will not find more central, it is a very nice area with lots of things to do! You have access as freely as you want to the kitchen, internet, lounge and of course the bathroom. The apartment has wifi in all rooms. The only think you have to know is that there is no evalevator in the building, it is on the 4 floor, but its no hard to do. I will be more happy to have in my appartement.	Very nice large room recently redone with a new dressing room and a large bathroom with tub. A large salon, kitchen with dining table are available. But the best is probably the area. Extremely central, it is a 15 minutes from everything. You will not find more central, it is a very nice area with lots of things to do! You have access as freely as you want to the kitchen, internet, lounge and of course the bathroom. The apartment has wifi in all rooms. The only think you have to know is that there is no evalevator in the building, it is on the 4 floor, but its no hard to do. I will be more happy to have in my appartement.
15092	It has a huge and luxury lobby with an impressive dome made of cristal Lalique, another historical museum piece as you enter the building !   There is a king size bed, 180x200cm, in the bedroom.   The living room is very bright and airy. There is a sofa bed for two people.  Size 160x180cm. All furniture is from luxury brand Steiner, a legend brand from Art Deco time.   	This bright and luxury apartment is located on Blvd de la Madeleine in Art Deco style historical building. Well situated at Opera/Madeleine 'arrondissement', it is central and convenient to get to all major tourist attractions in Paris.   It has a huge and luxury lobby with an impressive dome made of cristal Lalique, another historical museum piece as you enter the building !   There is a king size bed, 180x200cm, in the bedroom.   The living room is very bright and airy. There is a sofa bed for two people.  Size 160x180cm. All furniture is from luxury brand Steiner, a legend brand from Art Deco time.   This spacious 80 sqm one bedroom is fully furnished, with a Wi-Fi connection and TV cable. Please take a look at the photos and see the spacious beautiful shower in the bathroom with nice mosaic tiles, equipped with a washing machine and a dryer. You will enjoy having breakfast in summer time, on the balcony along the kitchen which is equipped with a huge fridge, a stove, microwave, dis
15093	"THE SPACE Our lovely & so romantic 50m2 apartment is located in Paris 1st arrondissment : Chanel Stores, Le Louvre, The Vendome square (Rue de la Paix), La Concorde with Tuileries Park in front of the building, The Champs Elysées (5 minutes walking - 1 stop by subway)  and so many other ""must do"" in Paris so close to our home! Our building is quiet and clean.  Large Bedroom, separated kitchen and large bathroom.  Modern and clean you will spend greats nights in there with all comfort you need !  Full of light and under the roof you will escape from the city sounds !   There is no elevator in the building and the apartment is on the 6th floor, and it's a good training  for everyday ! :) "	"Romantic one BR apartment of 50m2.  Modern and clean you will spend greats nights in there with all comfort you need !  Full of light and under the rooftop you will escape from the city sounds ! Have a great stay :)  THE SPACE Our lovely & so romantic 50m2 apartment is located in Paris 1st arrondissment : Chanel Stores, Le Louvre, The Vendome square (Rue de la Paix), La Concorde with Tuileries Park in front of the building, The Champs Elysées (5 minutes walking - 1 stop by subway)  and so many other ""must do"" in Paris so close to our home! Our building is quiet and clean.  Large Bedroom, separated kitchen and large bathroom.  Modern and clean you will spend greats nights in there with all comfort you need !  Full of light and under the roof you will escape from the city sounds !   There is no elevator in the building and the apartment is on the 6th floor, and it's a good training  for everyday ! :) GUEST ACCESS You can have access to anything in our place, please make yourself at home,"
15094	Spacious and luxurious appartement perfectly located in the center of Paris. Amazing view on the Louvre, Rivoli and Seine River.  Very bright with a very large living/dining room, spacious well equipped kitchen and a cosy and calm room towards the rear court yard.  Beautiful entrance, and Hausmannien Building recently renovated with lift.  One room has a double bed, comfortable mattress of 140x188cm.  The master bedroom has a King size bed 180x195cm  Both bedrooms have their bathroom with tub Second separate WC in the entrance.  Suitable for four guests.	Luxurious, spacious apartment in the center of Paris right in front of the Louvre with a great view. Very central the apartment is calm and bright with lovely views from all the windows. One side is onto a busy street but the double windows keep the Spacious and luxurious appartement perfectly located in the center of Paris. Amazing view on the Louvre, Rivoli and Seine River.  Very bright with a very large living/dining room, spacious well equipped kitchen and a cosy and calm room towards the rear court yard.  Beautiful entrance, and Hausmannien Building recently renovated with lift.  One room has a double bed, comfortable mattress of 140x188cm.  The master bedroom has a King size bed 180x195cm  Both bedrooms have their bathroom with tub Second separate WC in the entrance.  Suitable for four guests. Living Room  Room Bath room Separate WC Entrance Kitchen fully equipped TV  Wifi Washing machine Have a (email hidden) attached here, there are many reccomendations for the area close by.  
15095	The perfect flat organization for a sweet confortable cocoon which offers 3 windows, a bathroom with bath tub and a large enough living/sleeping area.	Perfect location for this 20Sqm studio located on 2st floor in a quiet street, halfway between Palais Royal, Louvres and Les Halles. It features a main living room with convertible sofabed that sleeps 2, kitchen corner and bathroom with bathtub & wc The perfect flat organization for a sweet confortable cocoon which offers 3 windows, a bathroom with bath tub and a large enough living/sleeping area. The flat is located on 2nd floor without lift of a residential building. The main entrance of the building is through a code, the second door through electronic badge. You will be welcomed by the dedicated apartment manager who will assist you in the best way is settling down and will provide you with all the necessary information and recommendations. Check-out will be organized with him wether he will be present or not. Perfectly located steps from Palais Royal and Louvre Museum, allowing you in less then 5 minutes walk to go to Jardin des Tuileries, 10 minutes for being on the bank of the S
15096	- Charming and light studio in the heart of  Paris - 30 m2 (320 sq ft). On the quay of the Seine with an amazing view on Notre Dame and the Louvre. -  2 min to subway, station St. Michel (direct RER to both airports), 3 min to subway, stations Pont Neud, Odeon, Chatelet. 3rd floor in a historical buiding.  - Fully equipped kitchen with possibility to cook. Big bathroom with a bath-tube. - Wi-Fi connection, elevatior, fridge, iron, hair-drier etc. - In the 6th district, within 5-20 min walk to all major sights : Notre Dame, the Louvre, Pompidou, Pantheon, Latin Quarter, Le Marais, Musée d'Orsay, St. Germain des Près !!!  - In the distance of 2 min supermarket and wine boutiques, traditional French bakeries, vegetable market, sea-food market, cheese and sausages market. Here is the old traditional Paris as you want to see! - All the most popular bars, restaurans, brasseries, cafés of  Paris are also here. -The location will save you a huge amount of your money that you won't spend on pub	Lovely and cozy studio right in the historical part of Paris, on the river bank. It's located between Notre Dame and the Louvre museum, so you may see these two wonderful monuments from the window. Area is absolutely safe and lively. - Charming and light studio in the heart of  Paris - 30 m2 (320 sq ft). On the quay of the Seine with an amazing view on Notre Dame and the Louvre. -  2 min to subway, station St. Michel (direct RER to both airports), 3 min to subway, stations Pont Neud, Odeon, Chatelet. 3rd floor in a historical buiding.  - Fully equipped kitchen with possibility to cook. Big bathroom with a bath-tube. - Wi-Fi connection, elevatior, fridge, iron, hair-drier etc. - In the 6th district, within 5-20 min walk to all major sights : Notre Dame, the Louvre, Pompidou, Pantheon, Latin Quarter, Le Marais, Musée d'Orsay, St. Germain des Près !!!  - In the distance of 2 min supermarket and wine boutiques, traditional French bakeries, vegetable market, sea-food market, cheese and saus
15097		"Located rue Richelieu, next to the Palais Royal and le Louvre, a classical yet cosy ""bourgeois"" appartment of 50m2 (+ a large mezzanine), ideally fitting for a couple travelling with children (or two couples)"
15098	The apartment can host up to 4 people. Each bedroom have a bathroom attached.  Both bedrooms have a queen size beds, but the second bedroom's bed can be divided in two singles if needed.  The apartment is very centered, just next to to the Louvre museum. 	2 bedrooms, and 2 bathrooms just next to the rue du Louvre, and 7 minutes walking from the Louvre museum. The building is secured with fobs, and has an elevator. The apartment is almost on the top floor, with a lovely view. The apartment can host up to 4 people. Each bedroom have a bathroom attached.  Both bedrooms have a queen size beds, but the second bedroom's bed can be divided in two singles if needed.  The apartment is very centered, just next to to the Louvre museum.  The apartment is entirely available except for one closet that is private. We always meet our renters upon arrival. We also remain available during the stays for any problem. We can meet you during office hours (Mon-Sat, 10h-19h); however, arrivals on Sundays, holidays, and after 7pm on any day of the week incur a cash fee: 50€ before 22h, 75€ after 22h.
15099		Palais-Royal, Louvre. Beau 3 pièces de 70 m², lumineux, refait à neuf en 2011. Au 2e étage sans ascenseur. Pour 2 à 4 personnes. 2 lits doubles dans chambre et salon. Grande cuisine avec bar, lave-vaisselle, fours, cuit-vapeur. Salle d'eau (douche à
15100	Hi ! The appartment I am renting is very modern, authentic and atypical at once (designed by an architect) and it takes you in the very heart of french history. As you can see the bed feels like a flying carpet riding above the parisian roofs … It is a very open and intimate space that does not have a door between the shower and the living area yet adds a poetic touch to it which makes it suitable for a couple or a single person. One thing that is important to precise, the toilet cabinet is just outside the flat right next to the flat entrance. It is shared with a tiny bedroom on the same floor, used as a spare by a harpist player when she needs to have quiet.. There is a readind/reaxing area on the mezzanine and also a charming roof terrasse overlooking the gardens of Palais Royal which I enjoy a lot ! I wish you a very plaisant stay :-) !	Hi ! The appartment I am renting is very modern, authentic and atypical at once (designed by an architect) and it takes you in the very heart of french history. As you can see the bed feels like a flying carpet riding above the parisian roofs … As Hi ! The appartment I am renting is very modern, authentic and atypical at once (designed by an architect) and it takes you in the very heart of french history. As you can see the bed feels like a flying carpet riding above the parisian roofs … It is a very open and intimate space that does not have a door between the shower and the living area yet adds a poetic touch to it which makes it suitable for a couple or a single person. One thing that is important to precise, the toilet cabinet is just outside the flat right next to the flat entrance. It is shared with a tiny bedroom on the same floor, used as a spare by a harpist player when she needs to have quiet.. There is a readind/reaxing area on the mezzanine and also a charming roof terrasse
15101	Perfectly located flat in the heart of Paris, next to Place Vendome, Coste, Hyatt, Le Meurice and Mandarin hotel, 5 mn walk from Le Louvres. One bedroom, one living room, kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet, the flat is full of light with a total area of 55 sqm. 4 th floor in a 6 floors building. One double bed in the bedroom, one sofa and one Meridienne (small bed) .  All kitchen inventory are at your disposal ( fridge, washing machine, oven, coffee machine, plates, cups, etc).   Bed linnen and towels are (website hidden) and internet connexion. It is the first district of Paris, the most prestigious one with the best hotels, jewelers and shops all around. You can walk over Paris from this location very easily, if you take part to the fashion week it's the place to be, two hundred meters from Tuileries.	Perfectly located flat in the heart of Paris, next to Place Vendome, Coste, Hyatt, Le Meurice and Mandarin hotel, 5 mn walk from Le Louvres. One bedroom, one living room, kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet, the flat is full of light with a total area of 55 sqm. 4 th floor in a 6 floors building. One double bed in the bedroom, one sofa and one Meridienne (small bed) .  All kitchen inventory are at your disposal ( fridge, washing machine, oven, coffee machine, plates, cups, etc).   Bed linnen and towels are (website hidden) and internet connexion. It is the first district of Paris, the most prestigious one with the best hotels, jewelers and shops all around. You can walk over Paris from this location very easily, if you take part to the fashion week it's the place to be, two hundred meters from Tuileries.
15102	"VERY CONVENIENT FLAT  & PERFECTLY  LOCALIZED : Downtown prestigious & historical area of PARIS CENTER  . Between ""le LOUVRE museum and l'ILE DE LA CITE"". Near "" Place du CHATELET & SAINT GERMAIN ""prestigious & commercial street, near the 4th,5th,6th.  Walking distance to every central & famous prestigious spots of PARIS . Direct Access to all metro lines,all RER lines of Chatelet. 20 Min from every train Stations. Nearby all department stores & groceries ! FLAT DESCRIPTION : ROOM in an APARTMENT SHARED with the Host . UPPER FLOOR with ELEVATOR , situated on the BACK COURT SIDE(  situated South ) CLEAN , QUIET , PARTICLE & COZY This place Can accommodate 2 or 1 person : The Flat will be shared with the Host during your stay"	"CHARMING FURNISHED ROOM B&B in LOVELY FLAT SHARED / PERFECTLY SITUATED in the  HISTORICAL - PRESTIGIOUS AREA of PARIS CENTER 1st - 4th DISTRICT .( metro station : Louvre-Rivoli / Chatelet / St Michel ) SINGLE -DOUBLE OCCUPANCY VERY CONVENIENT FLAT  & PERFECTLY  LOCALIZED : Downtown prestigious & historical area of PARIS CENTER  . Between ""le LOUVRE museum and l'ILE DE LA CITE"". Near "" Place du CHATELET & SAINT GERMAIN ""prestigious & commercial street, near the 4th,5th,6th.  Walking distance to every central & famous prestigious spots of PARIS . Direct Access to all metro lines,all RER lines of Chatelet. 20 Min from every train Stations. Nearby all department stores & groceries ! FLAT DESCRIPTION : ROOM in an APARTMENT SHARED with the Host . UPPER FLOOR with ELEVATOR , situated on the BACK COURT SIDE(  situated South ) CLEAN , QUIET , PARTICLE & COZY This place Can accommodate 2 or 1 person : The Flat will be shared with the Host during your stay YOUR PRIVATE ROOM : Double bed with faci"
15103	Welcome to Paris in its heart.  Located few steps from Chatelet and Hotel de Ville metro stations, the flat will give you easy access in a walking distance to many points of interest in the city: trendy Marais, charming Saint Germain de Pres, historic Louvre and Notre Dame Cathedral. Inside a recently renovated building, it is located on the 4th floor with lift (some steps to reach it). The building is at rue Saint Denis and some steps from rue de Rivoli, with commerce and facilities nearby. This is a pedrestian lively street with bars, shops and walkers visiting the city. Easy access from train station and airports (airport train lines coming directly to Chatelet station). This is a 64 squares meters flat (688 square feet) with beautiful and contemporary decoration, facing a courtyard (no noise coming from the street). There are two double bedrooms, one with large bed and ensuite bathroom, one with comfortable sofa bed for two guests, one spacious living rooms with extra single beds, 	Located in the center of Paris, nearby the must-see sites, this is a nicely decorated, quiet and well equipped flat, ready to comfortably host up to 6 guests. Also easy access from train stations and airports. A great opportunity for a mémorable stay Welcome to Paris in its heart.  Located few steps from Chatelet and Hotel de Ville metro stations, the flat will give you easy access in a walking distance to many points of interest in the city: trendy Marais, charming Saint Germain de Pres, historic Louvre and Notre Dame Cathedral. Inside a recently renovated building, it is located on the 4th floor with lift (some steps to reach it). The building is at rue Saint Denis and some steps from rue de Rivoli, with commerce and facilities nearby. This is a pedrestian lively street with bars, shops and walkers visiting the city. Easy access from train station and airports (airport train lines coming directly to Chatelet station). This is a 64 squares meters flat (688 square feet) with beautiful 
15104	Beautiful apartment in the heart of Paris (1st Arrondissement)- 55 m2 - 7 minutes from the Quartier Latin, Pyramide du Louvre, le Marais, in a very high-end district closed to the most famous streets for shopping or diner ( rue St Honoré, rue de Rivoli). The flat is located rue des Halles.On the third floor with an elevator and intercom. Very quite and very bright (oriented South). it sleeps up to 4 people : 1 room with a double bed + 1 room with two single bedsThis apartment is equipped with : washer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils.	Localisation perfect in the heart of Paris, in the center with all comodations on hand (subway, restaurant, shopping, museums....)- Appartment very sunny and very quite in a bourgeois building from the 19th century with elevator and interphone  Beautiful apartment in the heart of Paris (1st Arrondissement)- 55 m2 - 7 minutes from the Quartier Latin, Pyramide du Louvre, le Marais, in a very high-end district closed to the most famous streets for shopping or diner ( rue St Honoré, rue de Rivoli). The flat is located rue des Halles.On the third floor with an elevator and intercom. Very quite and very bright (oriented South). it sleeps up to 4 people : 1 room with a double bed + 1 room with two single bedsThis apartment is equipped with : washer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. Access to everything, all confort in the flat - Just bring your suitcase. Very quite and nice Chatelet - Station à deux pa
15105		3-bedroom flat. Living with two friends. 75m². My bedroom is about 9. Comfortable living room. Freshly repainted bathroom and kitchen. Great location. Super central. Many metro and RER lines 3 minutes from the flat (Châtelet-les Halles)
15106	My appartment is a studio located on the top floor, under the roofs, in a 17th century parisian building. It is a big single room with 5 windows on both sides (3+2), making it super sunny during the day. From one side of the studio, it is the pedestrian square. It is very quiet, the only noises you can hear are the people having lunch or dinners on the numerous terraces. On the same side, exceeding from the rooftops, you can see the Eiffel Tower. From the other side, on the courtyard side, you have a view over the rooftops of Paris, including one on a 18th century church. I live in my appartment most of the year, so it is fully equipped, but still charming, it is not a tasteless tourist/hotel place like you can often see in the 1st district (it is super clean and neat, though).	Hello dear travellers! My appartement is a super sunny and charming 50 sq.m. studio-loft on the top-floor of an old parisian building, on a famous pedestrian square in the very heart of Paris. Its is an exceptional and central location, with great views on Paris on both sides. Since it is the very first time it is rented on AirBnb, price is temporarily very low according to the place. My appartment is a studio located on the top floor, under the roofs, in a 17th century parisian building. It is a big single room with 5 windows on both sides (3+2), making it super sunny during the day. From one side of the studio, it is the pedestrian square. It is very quiet, the only noises you can hear are the people having lunch or dinners on the numerous terraces. On the same side, exceeding from the rooftops, you can see the Eiffel Tower. From the other side, on the courtyard side, you have a view over the rooftops of Paris, including one on a 18th century church. I live in my appartment most of t
15107		Five minutes walk from Opera, department stores (Galeries Lafayette...), The Tuileries, Le Louvre, Concorde, Madeleine...
15108		Appartement de grand standing avec poutres apparentes situé dans le quartier de la mode . Lieu idéal pour visiter Paris à pied . Tous les sites touristiques sont à proximité .nombreux commerces. Tout est conçu pour passer un sejour inoubliable.
15109	Measuring 40 m², this one-bedroom is calm, clean, and incredibly well-located. It consists of an entry, a luminous living room with sofa-bed, a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen (with refrigerator, freezer, stove, washer/dryer machine, oven, microwave, and vacuum extractor), a bedroom with lots of closet space, and a bathroom with WC.  	In the very center of Paris, next to the Louvre, the Tuileries Garden, and the Opera Garnier, this charming and convenient 1BR can sleep up to 4 people. Measuring 40 m², this one-bedroom is calm, clean, and incredibly well-located. It consists of an entry, a luminous living room with sofa-bed, a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen (with refrigerator, freezer, stove, washer/dryer machine, oven, microwave, and vacuum extractor), a bedroom with lots of closet space, and a bathroom with WC.  The unit is private so all equipment/internet/etc. is for your exclusive and unlimited use.  We'll be there to greet you when you arrive with keys, inventory, and instructions. We'll also remain available for maintenance support throughout your stay. Please note that check-in times are between 3pm and 7pm Monday-Saturday, and check-out time is at 10 am. Any arrival after 7pm during the week, or at any time on Sundays or French Holidays incur a 50€ fee.  We do our best to be flexible with check-in tim
15110	-2 bedrooms (one with a double bed and one with 2 twin beds) with all linens provided -sleeping sofa for two for a maximum occupancy of 6 persons -Two bathrooms with all towels provided -Totally equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, washer/dryer -Unlimited high speed Internet for your laptop -Nonsmoking  -Unlimited free phone calls to the USA, Canada and several other countries -Flat screen TV with numerous international channels -Hairdryer, iron/ironing board -Welcome bottle of wine  -Room fans (Apt-1) or A/C (Apt-2) The apartment has everything needed for 6 people. It is a great place to come and relax after a busy day sightseeing.	Fantastic apartment in the most central location of Paris, walking distance to  everything! -2 bedrooms (one with a double bed and one with 2 twin beds) with all linens provided -sleeping sofa for two for a maximum occupancy of 6 persons -Two bathrooms with all towels provided -Totally equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, washer/dryer -Unlimited high speed Internet for your laptop -Nonsmoking  -Unlimited free phone calls to the USA, Canada and several other countries -Flat screen TV with numerous international channels -Hairdryer, iron/ironing board -Welcome bottle of wine  -Room fans (Apt-1) or A/C (Apt-2) The apartment has everything needed for 6 people. It is a great place to come and relax after a busy day sightseeing. There is unlimited Internet and free phone calls to many (website hidden) with multiple international channels, DvD, fully equipped kitchen. I will interact via email or phone, as I live in the US. My manager lives in Paris and is available 2
15111	St Ho A5 Rue St Honoré 1er arrondissement, métro Pyramides 2 pièces, 35 m² environ Immeuble en pierre de taille avec ascenseur, digicode, gardienne étage : 5ème sur cour (avec ascenseur) douche salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Cuisine cuisine ouverte, équipée (frigo, cafetière ...) couchage : 1 lit 2 personnes (séjour) et canapé lit (entrée) séjour : lit double, table... le plus : sur cour calme au coeur de Paris equipements : lave-linge séchant, TV, DVD, internet Haut débit.. PRIX : 110 €/ jour/ 1 à 2 pers             700 € / sem/ 1 à 2 pers              840 € / sem / 3 à 4 pers             1930 € / mois             150 € / jour / 3 à 4 pers Option ménage : 50€ SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortableset agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. 	St Ho A5 Rue St Honoré 1er arrondissement, métro Pyramides 2 pièces, 35 m² environ Immeuble en pierre de taille avec ascenseur, digicode, gardienne étage : 5ème sur cour (avec ascenseur) douche salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Cuisine cuisine ouverte, équipée (frigo, cafetière ...) couchage : 1 lit 2 personnes (séjour) et canapé lit (entrée) séjour : lit double, table... le plus : sur cour calme au coeur de Paris equipements : lave-linge séchant, TV, DVD, internet Haut débit.. PRIX : 110 €/ jour/ 1 à 2 pers             700 € / sem/ 1 à 2 pers              840 € / sem / 3 à 4 pers             1930 € / mois             150 € / jour / 3 à 4 pers Option ménage : 50€ SITUES AU COEUR DE PARIS Dans des bons immeubles, les appartements sont confortableset agréables. Vous y êtes comme chez vous ! • Vous disposez de TV couleur, téléphone, lecteur CD... • La cuisine est équipée pour vous permettre de préparer vos repas (micro-onde, cafetière, vaisselle complète...) • La literie est de qualité. 
15112	This apartment is located in the heart of the city (1st) between Marais and Louvre-Rivoli-Tuileries ; Notre Dame de Paris, the Opera, Orsay Museum and Centre Pompidou  are less than 15 minutes away. It's a 30m2 studio which has 2 beautiful and tall windows, morning sun (south east). Functional kitchen and bathroom (bathtub) + Washing-machine.  It's not big but perfect for couples in need of a romantic get-away weekend, or a single person travelling for work or else. 	Charming apartement located in a central quiet street at a walking distance from several major parisian monuments (Louvre, Notre-Dame, Opéra, Chatelet, Ponts des arts...) and very well served by public transportation.
15113	"Located on the 5/6 floor, this renovated flat of 42m² - NO LIFT - could accommodate 4 adults and a baby ( baby cot is available on request for free) A real Queen bed size on the private bed room and a sofa bed for an additional guest are available The flat is equipped with a full equipped kitchen ( Hobbs, washing and dry machine , burner multi functions microwaves, a kettle, a Nespresso coffee maker, a fridge and a basic kitchen set tools) The bathroom is equipped with an hair dryer There is also an LCD and internet Wi-Fi free of charge. All linen and bath towels are including Located in the heart of Paris in the historic TUILERIES district. You can do everything by foot: LOUVRE museum, Opera  ,Notre Dame cathedral, BeauBourg museum, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul etc....And the Famous market ""the red children"" (oldest market in Paris). In front of the building entrance you will find a velib and autolib station (car and bike rental). If you come with your own car you will find a public p"	Top floor Charming renovated Flat of 42 m2 based in the historical and lovely Tuileries area. Located in saint Honoré street, the place of Hi fashion place of the center of Paris. You will be able to visit all Paris by foot Located on the 5/6 floor, this renovated flat of 42m² - NO LIFT - could accommodate 4 adults and a baby ( baby cot is available on request for free) A real Queen bed size on the private bed room and a sofa bed for an additional guest are available The flat is equipped with a full equipped kitchen ( Hobbs, washing and dry machine , burner multi functions microwaves, a kettle, a Nespresso coffee maker, a fridge and a basic kitchen set tools) The bathroom is equipped with an hair dryer There is also an LCD and internet Wi-Fi free of charge. All linen and bath towels are including Located in the heart of Paris in the historic TUILERIES district. You can do everything by foot: LOUVRE museum, Opera  ,Notre Dame cathedral, BeauBourg museum, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul etc
15114	STANDING This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building without lift. The access is made safe by a door code and an intercom. The windows of the bedroom give on a courtyard and the living-room gives on St Honoré Street. LAYOUT This 47sqm apartment is absolutely lovely. It has been entirely renewed in 2012. It can comfortably sleeps up to three guests. The entrance hall features a wardrobe and storage space. It gives on a long corridor that leads to all the rooms : the bedroom first, then the toilets, the bathroom and finally the main room. This main room has several parts : the living-room area features a very nice and comfortable sofabed (with a double bed 140x200) and a flat television. Note that the blackout curtains will enable you to sleep in a dark room, and electric sun-blinds will keep the bright light off the room if needed. The dining-room features a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. It is equipped with very good facilities s	Lovely 1-bedroom 45sqm apartment to rent in Paris near the Louvre. Renewed in 2012, this apartment is very comfortable, suitable for three guests. Come and taste its sweet atmosphere, perfect to rest, no matter how long you intend to stay ! STANDING This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building without lift. The access is made safe by a door code and an intercom. The windows of the bedroom give on a courtyard and the living-room gives on St Honoré Street. LAYOUT This 47sqm apartment is absolutely lovely. It has been entirely renewed in 2012. It can comfortably sleeps up to three guests. The entrance hall features a wardrobe and storage space. It gives on a long corridor that leads to all the rooms : the bedroom first, then the toilets, the bathroom and finally the main room. This main room has several parts : the living-room area features a very nice and comfortable sofabed (with a double bed 140x200) and a flat television. Note that the blackout curtains will enable you to 
15115	Here in the First Arrondissement - the historic and geographic heart of Paris, we have just renovated two lovely apartments!  The building used to be home to a Duke who held a weekly salon always attended by Benjamin Franklin, when he was ambassador to France.  We have taken the ground floor space - facing the street and courtyard - and made a charming one bedroom apartment with a mezzanine, and an attached studio apartment.  They can be rented separately or together. The neighborhood is incredible - located just off of the Ave. de l'Opéra, mid-way between the Opera Garnier and the Louvre Museum, just steps from the Palais Royal, Rue de Rivoli, St. Honoré, the Tuileries, Orsay Museum, Place Vendôme, you name it!   This is our studio apartment, with a fully equipped open kitchen. There is a full window-wall that gives out onto the beautifully maintained, quiet courtyard.  The bathroom has a free-standing salon tub and a separate jet shower. The kitchen has four top burners, an oven, dis	Here in the First Arrondissement - the historic and geographic heart of Paris, we have just renovated two lovely apartments!  The building used to be home to a Duke who held a weekly salon always attended by Benjamin Franklin, when he was ambassador to France.  We have taken the ground floor space - facing the street and courtyard - and made a charming one bedroom apartment with a mezzanine, and an attached studio apartment.  They can be rented separately or together. The neighborhood is incredible - located just off of the Ave. de l'Opéra, mid-way between the Opera Garnier and the Louvre Museum, just steps from the Palais Royal, Rue de Rivoli, St. Honoré, the Tuileries, Orsay Museum, Place Vendôme, you name it!   This is our studio apartment, with a fully equipped open kitchen. There is a full window-wall that gives out onto the beautifully maintained, quiet courtyard.  The bathroom has a free-standing salon tub and a separate jet shower. The kitchen has four top burners, an oven, dis
15116	Right in the historical centre of Paris, it's within walking distance to The Louvre, the Opera and Châteler-les Halles. Elevator, comfortable, full bathroom with bath and shower, bed-mezzanine. All linen, towels and besheets provided. Very centrally located and extremely quiet. Independant studio with private kitchen and bathroom I'll be glad to give you pieces of advice and ideas to enjoy Paris The food market in Montorgueil is lovely and so French More than 6 metro lines are passing nearby as well as 5 different buses, direct access to CDG airport 	Situé près des Halles, de Montorgueil et du Louvre, ce studio-mezzanine est très calme et fonctionnel. Ascenseur et tout le confort, TV, salle de bain complète avec WC, kitchenette équipée. Linge et draps fournis.  Right in the historical centre of Paris, it's within walking distance to The Louvre, the Opera and Châteler-les Halles. Elevator, comfortable, full bathroom with bath and shower, bed-mezzanine. All linen, towels and besheets provided. Very centrally located and extremely quiet. Independant studio with private kitchen and bathroom I'll be glad to give you pieces of advice and ideas to enjoy Paris The food market in Montorgueil is lovely and so French More than 6 metro lines are passing nearby as well as 5 different buses, direct access to CDG airport Studio indépendant avec kitchenette et salle de bain Je serai heureux de vous donner des idées et conseils pour profiter du quartier et de Paris Le quartier pietonmier et le marche Montorgueil Três agreable le dimanche matin Chat
15117	L'appartement est calme et lumineux au 4ème étage d'un ancien hôtel particulier (sans ascenseur). Ameublement et décoration volontairement minimalistes pour conserver une sensation d'espace malgré les 50m2 du logement.	Dans un ancien Hôtel Particulier, beau 2 pièces de 50m2 au 4ème étage, situé à 20 mètres de la place Vendôme et à 2 pas du jardin des tuileries, du Louvre et de l' Opéra. Idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris... L'appartement est calme et lumineux au 4ème étage d'un ancien hôtel particulier (sans ascenseur). Ameublement et décoration volontairement minimalistes pour conserver une sensation d'espace malgré les 50m2 du logement. Tout l'appartement J'adore Paris et faire découvrir ma ville. C'est donc avec plaisir que j'échange avec mes visiteurs qui le souhaitent  sur les lieux incontournables à visiter. La proximité de tous les monuments qui ont fait l'histoire de Paris : le Louvre, les tuileries,  la Concorde, l'opéra Garnier, le Grand Palais, les Champs Élysée et bien sur la Place Vendôme à quelques mètres... La rue Saint Honoré et les Grands Magasins pour les accros au shopping ! Sans oublier les nombreux restaurants et cafés de la place du Marché Saint Honoré. Tout ça dans un quarti
15118	- 1 bedroom with a king-size bed - 1 sitting-room with a sofa, big-screen TV, hifi, bar and fully equipped kitchen - 1 bathroom with bath, cleaning-machine - 1 toilet	A calm, comfortable and lovely 2 rooms flat in the very heart of Paris, just 100 meters away from le Louvre and Châtelet les Halles. An incredible location, a calm and parisian street, and a very nice furnishing. 5th floor with elevator. - 1 bedroom with a king-size bed - 1 sitting-room with a sofa, big-screen TV, hifi, bar and fully equipped kitchen - 1 bathroom with bath, cleaning-machine - 1 toilet Châtelet is like a small village in the first district, the most central in Paris. Pedestrian streets, wonderful restaurants, hundreds of monuments… Metro: 100m RER (urban train): 100m Bus: 10m Parking space: 50m
15119	Au 5ème étage (ascenseur) avec balcon, ce studio est tout équipé et meublé. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (frigo, plaques, four, évier, ustensiles de cuisine, vaisselle, toaster, théière, cafetière, etc.) La salle de bain est dotée d'une baignoire, lavabo et d'un wc.  La pièce principale comprend un canapé-lit très comfortable pour deux personnes, un téléviseur avec lecteur DVD Blue-Ray, un bureau, un grand miroir, des étagères, un piano et une imprimante. Wifi. Il y a un grand placard dans l'entrée. C'est très comfortable.  	Studio charmant, lumineux et idéalement placé derrière le Louvre, la Comédie Française et à 5 minutes à pieds de l'Opéra.  Plus de photos ou visites sur demande. Au 5ème étage (ascenseur) avec balcon, ce studio est tout équipé et meublé. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (frigo, plaques, four, évier, ustensiles de cuisine, vaisselle, toaster, théière, cafetière, etc.) La salle de bain est dotée d'une baignoire, lavabo et d'un wc.  La pièce principale comprend un canapé-lit très comfortable pour deux personnes, un téléviseur avec lecteur DVD Blue-Ray, un bureau, un grand miroir, des étagères, un piano et une imprimante. Wifi. Il y a un grand placard dans l'entrée. C'est très comfortable. Super quartier, jeune, dynamique et chic.  Vous êtes derrière la Comédie Française, le Louvre et à 5 minutes à pieds de l'Opéra. A 2 minutes des Jardins du Palais Royal.  Tout à proximité (monop, poste, restaurants, boutiques, laverie, etc.).  Très pratique et très agréable.  Très facile d'accès. Métro
15120	Logement unique sans aucun vis à vis, vue sur l'église St Roch !	"Logement unique sans aucun vis à vis, vue sur l'église St Roch ! Internet wi-fi Ascenseur Je suis joignable par mail et aussi par téléphone ! Quartier extrêmement vivant (proximité de la rue St Honoré et de la place du Marché st Honoré), nombreux bars et restaurants. Quartier ""fashion"" par excellence. La rue est calme et les voisins adorables ! Métro ligne 1 - Tuileries Métro Ligne 7 -Pyramide ou ligne 14 Pyramide Un peu plus loin ligne 3 Opéra.... L'appartement a deux chambres mais je ferme la seconde qui est une chambre d'enfant...."
15121	Logement pour 2 personnes idéalement situé pour visiter Paris.	Logement pour 2 personnes idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. Lave-vaisselle et lave-linge dans l'appartement.  Le logement est entièrement libre pour les voyageurs. Logement situé près du Louvre, des Halles, du Marais. Accès facile aux aéroports et gares par le RER ou le métro depuis Châtelet. Possibilité de garer sa voiture dans un parking (payant)  en face de l'immeuble. I can speak english for foreigners people. Frais de ménage en supplément : 20€.
15122	This apartment is placed in one of the most popular of the capital, close to shops, restaurants, shops, etc. ... Les Halles is 2 minutes walk, Le Marais months to 10 minutes and about 15 minutes to the Louvre. It will be a perfect pied a terre for a family stay in the center! The Montorgueil - Les Halles neighborhood is a central neighborhood that extends over the 1st and 2nd arrondissements. It starts on the Quai de la Mégisserie on the banks of the Seine. Place du Châtelet, there are two prestigious theaters here, the Théâtre de la Ville and the Théâtre du Châtelet. To the west, at the foot of the Pont-Neuf - to be seen for its mosaic facades - a former large department store, “La Samaritaine,” a magnificent building dating back to 1900, which had the slogan “You can find everything at La Samaritaine.” Crossing the rue de Rivoli, you come to the Forum des Halles, a vast underground shopping center, which is currently undergoing a tranformation. The Eglise Saint-Eustache and its garde	This apartment is placed in one of the most popular of the capital, close to shops, restaurants, shops, etc. ... Les Halles is 2 minutes walk, Le Marais months to 10 minutes and about 15 minutes to the Louvre. It will be a perfect pied a terre for a family stay in the center! The Montorgueil - Les Halles neighborhood is a central neighborhood that extends over the 1st and 2nd arrondissements. It starts on the Quai de la Mégisserie on the banks of the Seine. Place du Châtelet, there are two prestigious theaters here, the Théâtre de la Ville and the Théâtre du Châtelet. To the west, at the foot of the Pont-Neuf - to be seen for its mosaic facades - a former large department store, “La Samaritaine,” a magnificent building dating back to 1900, which had the slogan “You can find everything at La Samaritaine.” Crossing the rue de Rivoli, you come to the Forum des Halles, a vast underground shopping center, which is currently undergoing a tranformation. The Eglise Saint-Eustache and its garde
15123	This superb apartment is located in a typically parisian building. It's on the 5th floor (with a lift) from where you will enjoy a view on the top of the Pompidou Museum (Beaubourg) and the Saint-Jacques Tower. Very quiet and well-lit, this apartment offers typically Parisian charms such as wood parquet floors, crown moldings, and fireplaces. The contemporary decor perfectly complements the classic interior architecture. The living room space is unbelievably comfortable, bright and you can relax in a superb dark grey convertible couch. There is also a television, a high speed internet connection (optic fiber) and even video games (PS3) when you are tired from your visits! The kitchen is fully-equipped, permitting you to prepare and serve your meals like at home. There is a bright and tranquil bedroom with a double bed and plenty of room for your belongings.  The bathroom is perfectly functional and comfortable. The toilets are separate from the bathroom. The comfort and quality of this	This is a 2 bedroom apartment in a typical parisian apartment (wood parquet floors, crown moldings and fireplaces), with a convertible couch in the living-room. Only steps away from the Marais and every convenient transportations!    This superb apartment is located in a typically parisian building. It's on the 5th floor (with a lift) from where you will enjoy a view on the top of the Pompidou Museum (Beaubourg) and the Saint-Jacques Tower. Very quiet and well-lit, this apartment offers typically Parisian charms such as wood parquet floors, crown moldings, and fireplaces. The contemporary decor perfectly complements the classic interior architecture. The living room space is unbelievably comfortable, bright and you can relax in a superb dark grey convertible couch. There is also a television, a high speed internet connection (optic fiber) and even video games (PS3) when you are tired from your visits! The kitchen is fully-equipped, permitting you to prepare and serve your meals like at
15124	Bienvenue à Paris! Appartement  de 43m2 au centre de Paris, situé à Palais-Royal, rue de Richelieu, dans un immeuble de grand standing du 17ème siècle, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur.  Une chambre avec lit double (160), un salon avec canapé lit double et un lit d'appoint. Cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle), salle d'eau avec baignoire. L'appartement est calme, agréable et très lumineux, donnant sur cour. Jardin du palais royal et le comédie française sont 200 mètres, le Louvre et le jardin des tuileries à 5 minutes. Draps et serviettes fournis Lit bébé sur demande.	Bienvenue à Paris! Appartement  de 43m2 au centre de Paris, situé à Palais-Royal, rue de Richelieu, dans un immeuble de grand standing du 17ème siècle, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur.  Une chambre avec lit double (160), un salon avec canapé lit double et un lit d'appoint. Cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle), salle d'eau avec baignoire. L'appartement est calme, agréable et très lumineux, donnant sur cour. Jardin du palais royal et le comédie française sont 200 mètres, le Louvre et le jardin des tuileries à 5 minutes. Draps et serviettes fournis Lit bébé sur demande. Situation parfaite pour visiter Paris ou pour un déplacement professionnel.  Métro palais royal (lignes 1 et 7) et métro pyramide (lignes 14 et 7) à 5 minutes à pied. Situé à 30 mn de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle par le RER B et la ligne 14.  Accès direct de la gare du nord (Eurostar) Métro Chatelet les halles à deux stations de Palais-Royal. Accès direct pour atteindre la Défense (ligne 1 - 20 mn). Il s'agit du quartier de Louis
15125	A small cozy, luminated and pleasant apartment for 3 persones, with all the necessities for a short stay in the city of Paris. At the heart of Paris, in the 1st arrondissement, very close to the Centre Pompidou, Hôtel de Ville and Châtelet, you can visit Paris by foot. The metro station of Châtelet is just 30 m away. Near the apartment you will find restaurants, bars and bistros that will make you feel a real Parisian! This central luminated apartment has a comfortable double bed and a single bed in mezzanine, a convertible table and chairs and also a TV. A small kitchen with everything that you need (hob, kettle, fridge ... ) for snacking between visits. And a small shower, toilet and sink to refresh you. Linen and Towels are provided. Internet and Cable TV has been installed recently (January 2013). It is an ideal base for your visit of the French capital with everything you need at a good price!  	A small cozy, luminated and pleasant apartment for 3 persones, with all the necessities for a short stay in the city of Paris. At the heart of Paris, in the 1st arrondissement, very close to the Centre Pompidou, Hôtel de Ville and Châtelet, you can visit Paris by foot. The metro station of Châtelet is just 30 m away. Near the apartment you will find restaurants, bars and bistros that will make you feel a real Parisian! This central luminated apartment has a comfortable double bed and a single bed in mezzanine, a convertible table and chairs and also a TV. A small kitchen with everything that you need (hob, kettle, fridge ... ) for snacking between visits. And a small shower, toilet and sink to refresh you. Linen and Towels are provided. Internet and Cable TV has been installed recently (January 2013). It is an ideal base for your visit of the French capital with everything you need at a good price!  
15126	Cet appartement est spacieux et agréable à vivre. Composé de deux chambres, il est idéal pour accueillir une famille où deux couples. Situé au premier étage de l'immeuble, il est facile d'accès. 	Cet appartement spacieux est situé au coeur de Paris. Composé d'une grande pièce à vivre regroupant le salon, la salle à manger et la cuisine, il offre la possibilité d'accueillir 4 personnes. Idéal pour une famille où deux couples par exemple.   Cet appartement est spacieux et agréable à vivre. Composé de deux chambres, il est idéal pour accueillir une famille où deux couples. Situé au premier étage de l'immeuble, il est facile d'accès.  Je me tiens à votre entière disposition pour vous conseiller musées, cafés, restaurants et autres itinéraires pour faire de votre séjour à Paris, un moment inoubliable !  Vous allez adorer la rue coquillère, un vrai petit village en plein coeur de Paris !  La situation est idéale. Vous pourrez facilement vous rendre à pied au Louvre mais aussi à St Germain des près, dans le quartier du marais où encore sur les Grands Boulevards. L'appartement est également voisin du très branché quartier de Montorgueuil où vous apprécierez sortir dîner où aller boire 
15127		Cosy, quiet and spacious flat, ideally located in the center of Paris (1st district). 5-10mn to many key places (Opera, Palais-Royal, Louvres, Tuileries, Montorgueil, ..) and top restaurants, and well deserved by public transportation (metro, bus).
15128		Located in a cool duplex appartment in central Paris next to Beaubourg & Les Halles, I offer a comfortable and independant (whole upstaire floor) room giving directly onto a wide, sunny and flowery rooftop terrace with beautiful views over the Paris rooftops (possibility to make BBQ and Plancha.) The bright room has a full sized double bed, table, Chair, Internet, Hi-fi system, TV, cupboard space for hanging clothes. This comfortable bedroom gets its own private bathroom and washbasin. Downstairs is a wide living room and kitchen with all mod cons. which remain at your disposal. There is also a washer drier and a dishwasher. Towels are provided and an iron if needed. You are in the heart of Paris, next to Beaubourg, with designer shops, bars, clubs, restaurants in abundance. You are less 10 mins walk from the Louvre, Left Bank, Place des Vosges, and the Marais. Les Halles Metro and RER (Line B) is nearby giving direct access to both Charles de Gaulle and Orly Airport. Velib bicycles ar
15129	My apartment is situated Rue Tiquetonne, 30 meters from the famous Rue Montorgueil. The district is very alive, during the day and the evening, with all the possible shopkeeping (butchers, fish merchants, fruits and vegetables merchants, cheese shops, bakeries and cake shops , wine merchants…). You are also very close from many trendy bars and a great deal of very good restaurants.  Thanks to the localisation, you can reach the Louvre, the Centre Beaubourg, the Marais district or the Palais Royal within 15 minutes walking. It’s a very great opportunity to live in a secured district, close to the most beautiful monuments of Paris. For me, it’s the best district of Paris! The apartment, of a surface of 31 sq. feet, has: - a living room with nice sofa and a TV with all channels  - a small american kitchen equipped with an oven and Nespresso machine  - a very quiet separated room with a double bed - a bathroom with bathtub  - lots of storage spaces.  There is no washing machine, but a laun	My apartment is situated Rue Tiquetonne, 30 meters from the famous Rue Montorgueil. The district is very alive, during the day and the evening, with all the possible shopkeeping (butchers, fish merchants, fruits and vegetables merchants, cheese shops, bakeries and cake shops , wine merchants…). You are also very close from many trendy bars and a great deal of very good restaurants.  Thanks to the localisation, you can reach the Louvre, the Centre Beaubourg, the Marais district or the Palais Royal within 15 minutes walking. It’s a very great opportunity to live in a secured district, close to the most beautiful monuments of Paris. For me, it’s the best district of Paris! The apartment, of a surface of 31 sq. feet, has: - a living room with nice sofa and a TV with all channels  - a small american kitchen equipped with an oven and Nespresso machine  - a very quiet separated room with a double bed - a bathroom with bathtub  - lots of storage spaces.  There is no washing machine, but a laun
15130	Situé en plein cœur du quartier du Louvre, à deux pas de l'Opéra, du musée du Louvre, du Palais royal et des quais de seine, cet appartement de 42 m² est idéal pour découvrir le centre de la capitale. Located in the heart of Paris close to the Louvre museum, the Opera house, the Palais royal and the Seine river, this 42 sq.m appartment is perfect to discover the city center. Idéal pour un couple ou les voyageurs seuls! Perfect for a couple or single travellers! Cet appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf récemment et est donc très confortable.  The appartment has been entirely renovated : it is very nice and comfortable. Vous aurez accès au wi-fi, à la télé et toutes les installations de l'appartement (salle de bain privative, toilettes privatives, cuisine équipée) You will have access to the wi-fi, television and all other devices available in the appartment (private bathroom, private toilets, fitted kitchen) Je peux être disponible pour guider les voyageurs dans leur découverte d	Situé en plein cœur du quartier du Louvre, à deux pas de l'Opéra, du musée du Louvre, du Palais royal et des quais de seine, cet appartement de 42 m² est idéal pour découvrir le centre de la capitale. Idéal pour un couple ou les voyageurs seuls! Situé en plein cœur du quartier du Louvre, à deux pas de l'Opéra, du musée du Louvre, du Palais royal et des quais de seine, cet appartement de 42 m² est idéal pour découvrir le centre de la capitale. Located in the heart of Paris close to the Louvre museum, the Opera house, the Palais royal and the Seine river, this 42 sq.m appartment is perfect to discover the city center. Idéal pour un couple ou les voyageurs seuls! Perfect for a couple or single travellers! Cet appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf récemment et est donc très confortable.  The appartment has been entirely renovated : it is very nice and comfortable. Vous aurez accès au wi-fi, à la télé et toutes les installations de l'appartement (salle de bain privative, toilettes pri
15131	Welcome to this central, charming 1 bedroom suitable for 2 people  (or 4 as the couch is convertible) in Paris' 1st arrondissement! Only a 5-minute walk away from the Louvre museum and 1 minute away from the closest metrostop. Easy access by foot or by metro to several Parisian monuments. Enjoy a unique holiday in this chic and typical Parisian neighbourhood close to the luxury shops on rue Saint-Honoré and Place Vendôme. There are also several restaurants, bakeries and grocery stores in this very busy and bustling area, ideal for travelers who wish to stay in central Paris, close to the main tourist attractions in a very quiet street.  ! The flat has a surface of 45m²  and is located on the 3rd floor (please note that there is NO elevator, only stairs). It has recently been refurbished and is in good condition. Living room: a double bed suitable for 2 people (perfect for a couple or two close friends, bedsheets are provided), a French balcony, a desk, a TV with over 20 TV-channels and	Little Haven of Peace central Paris  1 bedroom+ bathroom, lounge, Kitchen:43m2, in the Saint-Honoré area, close by Colette store, Le Louvre, Concorde, Opera...  Many restaurants, shops, subway, this is the perfect place to stay for visiting Paris! Welcome to this central, charming 1 bedroom suitable for 2 people  (or 4 as the couch is convertible) in Paris' 1st arrondissement! Only a 5-minute walk away from the Louvre museum and 1 minute away from the closest metrostop. Easy access by foot or by metro to several Parisian monuments. Enjoy a unique holiday in this chic and typical Parisian neighbourhood close to the luxury shops on rue Saint-Honoré and Place Vendôme. There are also several restaurants, bakeries and grocery stores in this very busy and bustling area, ideal for travelers who wish to stay in central Paris, close to the main tourist attractions in a very quiet street.  ! The flat has a surface of 45m²  and is located on the 3rd floor (please note that there is NO elevator, o
15132	Quiet, sunny, practical studio in the heart of central Paris. Near the metro. Very close to the Louvre. Completely safe and quiet. Walking distance to the Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Centre Pompidou, Notre Dame. Paris' most famous fashion boutiques and department stores are just minutes away. The neighborhood is famous for its many excellent restaurants, cafés, wine bars, bakeries and bistros, for every budget and taste. Le Marais is an just down the street. Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter are just across the bridge, a few minutes away. Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur are also within easy reach. The studio is on the 4th floor. It's bright and sunny. It's completely quiet, there is no street noise at all! Very safe neighborhood. It has a large 2-person bed. A 3rd guest can sleep a convertible armchair (perfect for children or short adults). Separate kitchen with a fridge, induction stove, dishwasher, microwave, washing machine. Pots, plans, cutlery and dishes are provided. Separate bathroom 	Amazing location, center of Paris, right near the Louvre! Sunny and comfortable studio for 2-3 guests. Completely safe and quiet. No street noise! Near the metro. Free WiFi. Close to Notre Dame, Musee d'Orsay, Marais. Many restaurants around.       Quiet, sunny, practical studio in the heart of central Paris. Near the metro. Very close to the Louvre. Completely safe and quiet. Walking distance to the Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Centre Pompidou, Notre Dame. Paris' most famous fashion boutiques and department stores are just minutes away. The neighborhood is famous for its many excellent restaurants, cafés, wine bars, bakeries and bistros, for every budget and taste. Le Marais is an just down the street. Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter are just across the bridge, a few minutes away. Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur are also within easy reach. The studio is on the 4th floor. It's bright and sunny. It's completely quiet, there is no street noise at all! Very safe neighborhood. It has a large 2-p
15133	Duplex Paris - Centre Paris 1er 47 m Carré , En plein coeur du quartier piétonnier des halles appartement lumineux et calme Quartier : Etienne Marcel  Au bord de la rive droite de la Seine, Louvre Palais Royal est un quartier du Ier arrondissement qui se distingue par ses nombreux monuments historiques, ses musées, ses espaces verts et ses temples du shopping haut de gamme. Dominé par les deux adresses phares qui lui ont donné son nom, le Palais Royal et le Musée du Louvre, traversé d’est en ouest par une partie de la rue de Rivoli et la rue Saint-Honoré, ce quartier, le moins peuplé de Paris, est aussi l’un des plus agréables à habiter, Séjour :  Cet appartement est composé d'un charmant salon avec du parquet au sol et des fenêtres et vue sur rue. Ce salon calme est meublé et équipé pour rendre votre séjour agréable : téléviseur, table à manger, table basse, 4 chaise(s), 1 canapé(s) lit(s) de 140cm. Chambre :  Avec du parquet au sol et des fenêtres double vitrage et vue sur rue, cette	"This beautiful flat is a duplexe for 4 persons in the middle of Paris at the very famous and hipster ""Arts et métiers"" station. In the 1st district, you are at 15min of Notre Dame by walking. It's calm cause you have no direct neighbored, lightly."
15134	In a building dating back to the end of the 17th century, you will find this lovely walkup studio located on the 7th floor.   Ideally located in the center of Paris, you will find yourself at the foot of the Louvre, next to the Palais Royal, across from the Musee d’Orsay, and a short walk from the Opera de Paris… you can even see the top of the Eiffel Tower from the south-facing balcony. If you need more ideas of places to visit you can stop by the Tourism Office, which is located just one street over.   If you have some left over energy after all of these visits, you can go shopping in the department stores and enjoy the great courturiers by walking down Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honore.   In the late afternoon we suggest you relax and enjoy an aperitif on the quiet balcony surrounded by our olive tree and then take a peaceful bath before going out to enjoy the city by night.   Although the studio is very well equipped with new appliances you’ll find all the restaurants you could ever wan	In a building dating back to the end of the 17th century, you will find this lovely walkup studio located on the 7th floor.   Ideally located in the center of Paris, you will find yourself at the foot of the Louvre, next to the Palais Royal, across from the Musee d’Orsay, and a short walk from the Opera de Paris… you can even see the top of the Eiffel Tower from the south-facing balcony. If you need more ideas of places to visit you can stop by the Tourism Office, which is located just one street over.   If you have some left over energy after all of these visits, you can go shopping in the department stores and enjoy the great courturiers by walking down Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honore.   In the late afternoon we suggest you relax and enjoy an aperitif on the quiet balcony surrounded by our olive tree and then take a peaceful bath before going out to enjoy the city by night.   Although the studio is very well equipped with new appliances you’ll find all the restaurants you could ever wan
15135	Unique last floor apartment central Paris area Rue Montmartre with terrace and beautiful view on Eglise St Eustache. Located closed to Le Louvre, Place des Victoires and Rue de Rivoli, it's a charming 55 square meters with a quiet bedroom, a huge living room and a beautifull bathroom. The building is old but the flat is brand new. The area is pedestrian with typical street market 2 days a week and a lot of restaurants and Cafe's. Probably the most central and trendy place in paris Right now. 	Unique last floor apartment central Paris area Rue Montmartre with terrace and beautiful view on Eglise St Eustache. Located closed to Le Louvre, Place des Victoires and Rue de Rivoli, it's a charming 55 square meters with a quiet bedroom, a huge living room and a beautifull bathroom. The building is old but the flat is brand new. The area is pedestrian with typical street market 2 days a week and a lot of restaurants and Cafe's. Probably the most central and trendy place in paris Right now. 
15136	This apartment of 50 ㎡ is on the 4th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:2 semi-double beds(120X190), 1 double sofa bed(140X190) and single sofa bed(80X190).	1 Bedroom + 2 Convertible bed, 1 bath/WC, sleeps up to 4. Beautifully renovated and fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment of 50 m2 in 1er arrondissement, the apartment is located just steps from the famous street Saint Honoré and the Louvre museum. This apartment of 50 ㎡ is on the 4th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:2 semi-double beds(120X190), 1 double sofa bed(140X190) and single sofa bed(80X190). You will have full usage of all the equipments in the apartment during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped as followed: ・Bathroom : Bathtub, Hair dryer, towels(2 sizes big&medium), hand towels, bathroom mat, towel dryer, weight scale and toilet papers. ・Bedroom : 2 semi-double beds with bedding, spare linens&towels, alarm clock, wardrobe with hangers, iron&ironing board, drying rack and safe. ・Living room : Double sofa bed, TV, DVD player, stereo, telephone
15137	6th floor (no elevator) a 1 bedroom apartment, kitchen, Bathroom (bathtub). Very clean with 2 windows looking over a typical parisian view.	"Typical Parisian apartment in the center of Paris ( 1st arrondissement), 2 min away from the beautiful Seine. Ideal for 1person or a couple, very bright room.  30 secs away from the main subways and RER leading to airports  6th floor (no elevator) a 1 bedroom apartment, kitchen, Bathroom (bathtub). Very clean with 2 windows looking over a typical parisian view. WI-FI access, coffee machine ( american coffee and espresso). No smoking,no animals, sorry :-(  but thank you. I live in the same building, I'll be there to help you, welcome you and to give you tips and advices. In the center of the historical Paris, the area called ""Chatelet-Les-Halles"" is commercial center, with a lot different restaurants styles and bars easily accessible.  Ten minutes aways from all the main and secret touristic venues; Marais, Odéon, Champs Elysées,Louvre,the Seine, Notre Dame etc... Easy easy easy access from both of airports and train stations.  No parking; but a lot of different public parkings in the a"
15138		good apartment in paris
15139	This very small flat is perfect to simply stay and enjoy the city from its heart. Perfect for a short stay to enjoy the city.	Mini independent studio in quartier Montorgueil, nice and sunny, with just the necessary: 1 person-bed, desk, kitchen, shower. Toilets in the stairs (but not shared with any one else). 6th floor. This very small flat is perfect to simply stay and enjoy the city from its heart. Perfect for a short stay to enjoy the city. Top center of Paris. Direct from Airport via RER - Station Châtelet-Les Halles We are available for any advice or additional service (e.g. assistance to book events or even share dinner) Very central and nice neighbourhood. Lots of bars and restaurants, markets. Top center of Paris.
15140	Great loft located in the 1st arrondissement, métro station Etienne Marcel / Les Halles This wonderful home is ideal for families visiting over a week-end or a longer vacations in the French Capital. We live in the very heart of Paris, the location is perfect to discover Paris by foot as it is near Le Louvre, Châtelet, Beaubourg, Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) and le Marais, one of the oldest district of Paris, with a lot of nice boutiques, restaurants, bars and cafes. We are in a very animated and central disctrict but yet our flat is very quiet. Hopefully you will love this flat as much as we do, with its exposed beams, a beautiful view over Paris rooftops (you can see Notre Dame, Tour Saint Jacques and Le Panthéon), and all the decorations about travels. Fully furnished and equipped with tasteful furnitures (decoration related to travels), the kitchen has a microwave, an oven. As for the bathroom, it includes a bathtub and there is a washing machine. The sleepingroom  is seperated from	Beautiful loft in an old Parisian building with stunning view over Paris rooftops. Located in the 1st arrondissement, you'll be in walking distance of most tourist attractions and we will do all we can to make you feel like home ! Great loft located in the 1st arrondissement, métro station Etienne Marcel / Les Halles This wonderful home is ideal for families visiting over a week-end or a longer vacations in the French Capital. We live in the very heart of Paris, the location is perfect to discover Paris by foot as it is near Le Louvre, Châtelet, Beaubourg, Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame) and le Marais, one of the oldest district of Paris, with a lot of nice boutiques, restaurants, bars and cafes. We are in a very animated and central disctrict but yet our flat is very quiet. Hopefully you will love this flat as much as we do, with its exposed beams, a beautiful view over Paris rooftops (you can see Notre Dame, Tour Saint Jacques and Le Panthéon), and all the decorations about travels. Full
15141	- Secure area - In heart of Paris - A lot of and various things to do - No need subway tickets (except for Montmartre) as monuments / museums / restaurants / bars / shopping is around by foot. 	Tuileries station (line 1 near everything) 2 spacious rooms, filled with light, quiet, view to the courtyard, contemporary ambience, full equipped, big screen tv with international channels, internet, fridge, oven, microwave, kettle, washing machine - Secure area - In heart of Paris - A lot of and various things to do - No need subway tickets (except for Montmartre) as monuments / museums / restaurants / bars / shopping is around by foot. 
15142	Comfortable, privileged location	This quiet place is the most practical way to discover Paris and its main activities.  Just 1 min walking from all subways lines, a beautiful garden to hang out, shows and restaurants to enjoy.  1BR+1 extra-bed in 36 sq.m. for 2-4 people. Fully furnished place + housecleaning lady.
15143	Utilisé comme une colocation étudiante pendant l'année, cet appartement est lumineux et confortable. Équipé de tout ce dont vous pourriez avoir besoin pendant votre séjour, il est décoré de plusieurs jolis éléments : une alcôve, une fenêtre donnant sur la cour, une belle cheminée intérieure ouvragée (malheureusement inutilisable).	Situé en plein cœur de Paris, dans un quartier vivant et très agréable le Sentier, il convient parfaitement à un groupe d'étudiant ou à un couple avec enfant en visite à Paris. A deux pas des Halles, du Palais Royal et de nombreux transports. Utilisé comme une colocation étudiante pendant l'année, cet appartement est lumineux et confortable. Équipé de tout ce dont vous pourriez avoir besoin pendant votre séjour, il est décoré de plusieurs jolis éléments : une alcôve, une fenêtre donnant sur la cour, une belle cheminée intérieure ouvragée (malheureusement inutilisable). Tout l'appartement vous sera accessible. Je serai ravi de accueillir en personne, et je resterai à votre disposition pendant tout votre séjour. Le Sentier est un quartier agréable, jeune et dynamique : il y a de nombreux bars et commerces autour de l'appartement. L'appartement est aussi à deux pas du centre commercial des Halles et de l'Hotel de Ville de Paris.  Mais surtout, l'appartement est en plein cœur de Paris : on
15144	Immeuble ancien qui donne un cachet historique dans un appartement rénover l'année dernière. Sobriété, chic et pratique.	Petit nid douillet au coeur de Paris. Immeuble Classé 17eme Siècle. L'appartement est a deux pas du musée du Louvre, des jardins du palais royal et de la place des Victoires. Un mix entre Culture et shopping.  Restaurants et  bars variés. Immeuble ancien qui donne un cachet historique dans un appartement rénover l'année dernière. Sobriété, chic et pratique. L'entrée se fait par un porche et une cour commune avant d'accéder à la  cage d'escalier. Pas d'arrivée après 21h et pas de départ avant 8h afin de respecter la tranquillité de tous ! Je suis joignable par mail tout le temps et la personne qui vous accueille saura répondre a vos questions. Quartier historique et central de paris. Vous pouvez aller a pied et découvrir le charme et l'ambiance du Paris historique. Jardin des tuileries,Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Antiquaires du 1er et du 7 eme arrondissement. La mode et le shopping : Place des victoires, quartier Montorgeuil (Vintage), les Halles et le passage Vero-dodat pour ce qui
15145	In a typical Parisian and gorgeous flat, you're welcome to stay like at home.  A charming bright and quiet private room will be prepared for you, you can also relax yourself in the salon with his large sofa and the big flat screen TV with free Wifi access. You have free access to  the bathroom and toilet, with a large bathtub and hairdryer at disposal. The kitchen where you may have tasty tea/coffee whenever you want.  You can easily go everywhere with central location of the flat, next to Hotel de Ville in the heart of Le Marais.  You have the public transport downstairs (metro line 1 and 11 Hotel de Ville or very close to Chatelet line 1 and 4 and 7 and 11 and 14 and RER A, B and D) You can reach the Opera, the Louvre, Bastille, Notre-Dame of Paris, Champs Elysées... in 5-10 minutes, or you can enjoy Paris by walk.  You can also find all you need nearby, many supermarkets in the same street, amazing restaurants, lovely cafes, fashion clothes shops, and trendy art galleries...    You 	Large double bedroom in a 90m2 flat in a classical 19th century building located in the vibrant and diverse area of Paris... Le Marais !!  Quiet family building in a busy area ;-) Clean and tidy well-equiped appt.  Very close to all facilities, public transports, shops, museums, art-galeries, restaurants, bars... In a typical Parisian and gorgeous flat, you're welcome to stay like at home.  A charming bright and quiet private room will be prepared for you, you can also relax yourself in the salon with his large sofa and the big flat screen TV with free Wifi access. You have free access to  the bathroom and toilet, with a large bathtub and hairdryer at disposal. The kitchen where you may have tasty tea/coffee whenever you want.  You can easily go everywhere with central location of the flat, next to Hotel de Ville in the heart of Le Marais.  You have the public transport downstairs (metro line 1 and 11 Hotel de Ville or very close to Chatelet line 1 and 4 and 7 and 11 and 14 and RER A, 
15146		En plein cœur de Paris, charmant appartement, deux pièces, calme et cozy à deux pas du Palais Royal et de l’Opéra Garnier. Ses allures de garçonnière en fait un refuge idéalement situé proche du musée du Louvre et des Grands Magasins.  Le studio est en plein coeur de Paris. Toutes les lignes de metro sont proches.
15147	"-Located-: ""' AVENUE DE L'OPERA"" ""... Opposite the LOUVRE Museum, and of the ROYAL Palace Square... """" ""PRIVILEGED POSITION"" """". -CLOSE:. - Place Vendôme, Champs Elysées, Rue de la Paix, Rue Royale, Opera (Garnier), Place de la Concorde, Rue Saint Honoré, etc... -SURROUNDS: Des. - Department stores, fashion shops, museums, Palaces Parisien; (Across from the Louvre Museum), Theatres, cinemas, 'Office de tourisme'  located 100 meters away, Comedie Francaise. Two parks:(Jardin de Palais Royal et Jardin des Tuileries). """" ""EXCEPTIONAL SITUATION"" """" Subway, bus, Meteor: 20 meters. Parking: 100 meters. Large area for your needs: 100 meters. Taxi : 50 meters. Bus 20 meters stop: Station Palais Royal - Comédie Française In a bourgeois building.Digicode - Studio, 6th floor with lift, 'view-2 balconies' on the Avenue de l'Opera and Sacred Heart "", clear and unobstructed balconies (see photo). Equipped for 2 / 3 / 4 persons, (free baby cot available). Kitchen for your breakfasts and snacks, micro"	"A beautiful and romantic studio flat. Recently refurbished, equiped for 2/3/4 people. The situation of this apartment will seduce you, facing the LOUVRE Museum, in the heart of Paris, close to all historic monuments and shops. METRO 20 m. -Located-: ""' AVENUE DE L'OPERA"" ""... Opposite the LOUVRE Museum, and of the ROYAL Palace Square... """" ""PRIVILEGED POSITION"" """". -CLOSE:. - Place Vendôme, Champs Elysées, Rue de la Paix, Rue Royale, Opera (Garnier), Place de la Concorde, Rue Saint Honoré, etc... -SURROUNDS: Des. - Department stores, fashion shops, museums, Palaces Parisien; (Across from the Louvre Museum), Theatres, cinemas, 'Office de tourisme'  located 100 meters away, Comedie Francaise. Two parks:(Jardin de Palais Royal et Jardin des Tuileries). """" ""EXCEPTIONAL SITUATION"" """" Subway, bus, Meteor: 20 meters. Parking: 100 meters. Large area for your needs: 100 meters. Taxi : 50 meters. Bus 20 meters stop: Station Palais Royal - Comédie Française In a bourgeois building.Digicode - Stud"
15148	Beautiful 1-bed apartment located in the heart of Paris.  A very short walking distance to the Champs Elysees, Arc De Triomphe, Concorde, Elysees Palace, Jardins de Tuilleries, Palais Royale, Place Vendome. 15 minute walk or 5 minutes transport to Opera, Galleries Lafayette, Latin Quarter and Marais district. Tastefully decorated in a modern French style by professional interior decorators (website hidden). First floor with large staircase and elevator. Secure entrance with 2 security doors and guardian on ground floor. Bedroom: South-facing, double bed, ample storage. Lounge: Facing into private courtyard, double sofabed, flatscreen TV, additional storage space. Kitchen: Facing into private courtyard, with all modern appliances (Electric oven, induction cooker, dishwasher, washer/dryer, fridge/freezer, microwave, kettle, toaster), dining table, new crockery and cutlery provided. Bathroom: Modern fittings, walk-in shower with large overhead shower. Other conveniences: free wifi, cable 	Beautiful 1-bed apartment with sofabed in the lounge as well (sleeps 4 in total) in the heart of Paris. Right opposite the Louvre and walking distance of the Champs Elysees, St Germain and Opera district. All amenities provided for a comfortable stay Beautiful 1-bed apartment located in the heart of Paris.  A very short walking distance to the Champs Elysees, Arc De Triomphe, Concorde, Elysees Palace, Jardins de Tuilleries, Palais Royale, Place Vendome. 15 minute walk or 5 minutes transport to Opera, Galleries Lafayette, Latin Quarter and Marais district. Tastefully decorated in a modern French style by professional interior decorators (website hidden). First floor with large staircase and elevator. Secure entrance with 2 security doors and guardian on ground floor. Bedroom: South-facing, double bed, ample storage. Lounge: Facing into private courtyard, double sofabed, flatscreen TV, additional storage space. Kitchen: Facing into private courtyard, with all modern appliances (Electric 
15149	Beautiful apartment decorated by an arquitect in the district of Les Halles (1st Arrondissement). The most central place in Paris. Sunny and perfectly furnished it is the perfect place for your stay in Paris.  Very nice aud quite with all comfort.	Comfortable and sunny flat in the middle of Paris ( 1st district ) . Perfectly located to explore the city.  The appartement is fully equipped and has an elevator. Perfect place for you stay in Paris !! Beautiful apartment decorated by an arquitect in the district of Les Halles (1st Arrondissement). The most central place in Paris. Sunny and perfectly furnished it is the perfect place for your stay in Paris.  Very nice aud quite with all comfort. Located in a pedestrian zone. Nearby you have restaurants and bars, food shops, bakeries, caterers.  You are just 1 minute walk from the famous Beaubourg Center, also from the hippest district of Paris: the Marais, near the royal palace and the Louvre. Direct from CDG Airport with RER Station Châtelet - Les Halles.
15150	Very nice Haussmanian style flat (totally revamped) in a prestigious building with parquet flooring, moulding, high ceiling. 3rd floor flat with an elevator Located in the very centre of Paris, close to the museum of Louvre and the Tuileries garden, across the street from the St Roch church. An inviting and comfortable lounge with a sofa-bed, a flat screen Tv, Hi-fi, wifi and a French literature bookshelf. Kitchen with fridge, microwave, induction cooking hobs, kitchen hood, nespresso coffee machine (tea bag and coffee capsules included), washing and drying machine, dish machine and toaster. Bedroom with a double bed with 2 cabinets with hangers. Bathroom with 4 towels, a towels drying heater, hairdrier, wash gloves and toilet. I'am still available during your stay to advise you and answer your questions. You will find  a guide which will inform you about the best restaurant to go, places and monuments to visit. 	This cosy apartment of 43m2, perfectly located in the center of Paris, in the Saint-Honoré fancy area. Close to many restaurants, luxury shops, subways and the Louvre museum, this is the perfect place to stay for visiting Paris! Very nice Haussmanian style flat (totally revamped) in a prestigious building with parquet flooring, moulding, high ceiling. 3rd floor flat with an elevator Located in the very centre of Paris, close to the museum of Louvre and the Tuileries garden, across the street from the St Roch church. An inviting and comfortable lounge with a sofa-bed, a flat screen Tv, Hi-fi, wifi and a French literature bookshelf. Kitchen with fridge, microwave, induction cooking hobs, kitchen hood, nespresso coffee machine (tea bag and coffee capsules included), washing and drying machine, dish machine and toaster. Bedroom with a double bed with 2 cabinets with hangers. Bathroom with 4 towels, a towels drying heater, hairdrier, wash gloves and toilet. I'am still available during your 
15151	Ce logement joui d'un emplacement exceptionnel.	Ce logement joui d'un emplacement exceptionnel.
15152		All brand new Studio in a very central location in the historical Paris, near the Seine river, close to some of the best monuments and museums. Everything can be done easily by foot or by using many convenient transportation links.
15153	Located in the heart of the Ville Lumiere	You could not be more central than here! Located close to the Tuileries gardens, 5 mins from Louvre museum and the Opera. Third floor looking onto an internal court, calm and very bright. Just re-painted and new floor just being replaced! Located in the heart of the Ville Lumiere Very calm street although located to one of the coolest luxury shopping streets of Paris, rue Saint Honoré. Supermarket at 3 mins walking distance, a very lively square with many restaurants, bars as well as a market on the weekend Metro Tuileries (line 1), Pyramides (line 7 and 14), Opera (line 3  7, 8, RER A, ). Several buses including number (phone number hidden) and many others The apartment has all facilities, including washing machine, dishwasher, oven, wifi.
15154	Studio 30m Clasic style: parquet and chimney, high ceiling and two big large windows... Bath and kitchen renovated very modern 1 bed - 1m20cm 1 coach-bed  Wifi and calls to fixed international unlimited telephones Street very calmed in a very animated neighborhood, trades, bars and restaurants around (Montorgueil's Neighborhood - Louvre Neighborhood) In the downtown, in the district 1(two minutes walk of the Louvre Museum) By walk: The Madeleine, Palais Royal The Place de la Concorde, The Place Vendòme, The Opera Garnier... Very well connected: - Several lines of subway (lines: 1, 4, 3 and 7) - RER B (long distance train from the airports CDG and Orly) - Direct Line of transport to the bus that leads to Beauvais's airport. Very chic and very fashionable Neighborhood	Parisian charming studio 30 m  5 minutes walk from Louvre Museum 10 minutes from Opera, Madelaine, Place Vendome... Well connected with metro: Palais Royal-Musée du Louvre / Louvre Rivoli... Studio 30m Clasic style: parquet and chimney, high ceiling and two big large windows... Bath and kitchen renovated very modern 1 bed - 1m20cm 1 coach-bed  Wifi and calls to fixed international unlimited telephones Street very calmed in a very animated neighborhood, trades, bars and restaurants around (Montorgueil's Neighborhood - Louvre Neighborhood) In the downtown, in the district 1(two minutes walk of the Louvre Museum) By walk: The Madeleine, Palais Royal The Place de la Concorde, The Place Vendòme, The Opera Garnier... Very well connected: - Several lines of subway (lines: 1, 4, 3 and 7) - RER B (long distance train from the airports CDG and Orly) - Direct Line of transport to the bus that leads to Beauvais's airport. Very chic and very fashionable Neighborhood Wifi Really nice parisien cute a
15155	Studio-loft, spacious, quiet and luminous, in historical area, heart of Paris. Lots of charm. Entirely renovated and equipped recently (just finished). Situated in an old building from the 17th century, with no elevator, in the 5th floor, the studio has a bunk bed (double bed) and sofa-bed (queen) and a single-sofa bed.  The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, microwave, two burners, exhaust, dish-washer, coffeemaker, toaster, kettle . . .  There are flat screen TV, DVD player, wi-fi (numéricable: cable and free telephone for most destinations ) The bathroom has shower, toilets, laundry machine and dryer. Towels and bed linen are provided. If you want a spa experience, you have one of the best place in Paris, right at the bottom of my building. Check out the (website hidden) website @ 32-34-montorgueil-paris Renovated in the 1980s, the district of rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Since the renovation, motor vehicle traffic is prohibited in its newly-paved streets. Montorgu	Studio-loft, spacious, quiet et luminous, in an historical area in the center of Paris. Lots of charm.  Entirely remodeled recently. Studio-loft, spacious, quiet and luminous, in historical area, heart of Paris. Lots of charm. Entirely renovated and equipped recently (just finished). Situated in an old building from the 17th century, with no elevator, in the 5th floor, the studio has a bunk bed (double bed) and sofa-bed (queen) and a single-sofa bed.  The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, microwave, two burners, exhaust, dish-washer, coffeemaker, toaster, kettle . . .  There are flat screen TV, DVD player, wi-fi (numéricable: cable and free telephone for most destinations ) The bathroom has shower, toilets, laundry machine and dryer. Towels and bed linen are provided. If you want a spa experience, you have one of the best place in Paris, right at the bottom of my building. Check out the (website hidden) website @ 32-34-montorgueil-paris Renovated in the 1980s, the district of rue Mont
15156	L'apartement de 17m² est dans un quartier historique de Paris, dans un veil immeuble du 17e siècle où le peintre de Louis XIV Pierre Mignard a vécu. Il y a un matelas pour 2 personnes sur la mezzanine, et un canapé-lit Ikea pour 2 personnes dans la pièce. Il y a un téléviseur de  82cm (avec des connexions USB et HDMI pour vos fichiers), une radio avec lecteur de CD et MD avec un choix de CD variés.	Quiet and luminous sudio of 17m², 3m high, for until 4 people in the historic heart of Paris, only one floor to climb. It's decorated with some of my artistic photoraphs Travelers can rest, sleep, cook, eat of the organic food there is, wash, wash and dry their clothes, listen to music and radio, have access to wifi internet. I can exchange in french, english, little spanish, and give advices about visiting, shopping, transports, art, culture. A very touristic quarter in the center of Paris, beside Louvre museum, theaters Comédie Française and Palais Royal, Opéra Garnier, gardens like Palais Royal and Tuileries, the river. It's also the japanese quarter (attracted by Louvre, Opéra, Comédie Française) with a lot of japanase (and some corean) restaurants. The maximum, because it's in the center of Paris, 1st arrondissement (buses, subway, taxis station, bicycles station). I provide internet wifi codes even for outside in Paris and France. You have an automatic access to the access codes 
15157	one big bathroom, one living room, a bed room with a desk and computer. The kitchen has all the facilities for cooking! All the appartement is for the guest as I'm not in the flat at the moment I rent it.	The flat is  entirely to the guest's use. The appartement really nice, quiet, situated in a historical place (galerie vivienne) and very closed from museums, gardens, shops, restaurants... one big bathroom, one living room, a bed room with a desk and computer. The kitchen has all the facilities for cooking! All the appartement is for the guest as I'm not in the flat at the moment I rent (website hidden), fridge, computer, washing machine, blender, oven, microwave oven... I will welcomeyou and give you all the informations you need about what to do around. Historical center, wonderful architecture, gardens(1 minute from the jardin du palais royal, 7 minutes from the Louvre). Everything is at a walkable distance. There are also many nice restaurants, bars, cinemas... With the metro: Bourse or Chatelet-les-halles or Pyramides
15158		Magnifique studio entièrement rénové, tout equipe,  à deux pas du Louvre et des grands Boulevards !
15159	Hello, At your disposal is a romantic nest in the very heart of the City of Light. The 39 m2 (approx 420 ft2) one bedroom apartment is on the 5th floor (or US 6th floor) WITHOUT ELEVATOR of a 17th century building where the private doctor of Louis XIV used to live.  The apartment can comfortably accommodate 2 people with a full size bed in the bedroom, and the sofa in the living room can be converted into a bed - perfectly sized for two kids for instance sharing same bed.  There is a separated and fully equipped kitchen with: - full size fridge where you can store fresh food from nearby markets - induction cooktop to prepare your own meal - Nespresso machine, Nespresso capsules, French-press coffee maker, Magimix toaster and electric kettle for the perfect breakfast - Kusmi and TWG teas - washer-dryer - dishwasher - microwave-grill oven to reheat your take out from French gourmet deli to eat on the large dinning table or outside on your private terrace overlooking Paris' rooftops. Othe	This 1 bedroom apartment is located in the very heart of Paris, few blocks away from the Louvre Museum, the Seine river, the Marais. Enjoy the private terrace, the quirky charm of country cottage sitting on top of a 17th century old building with all modern amenities! Hello, At your disposal is a romantic nest in the very heart of the City of Light. The 39 m2 (approx 420 ft2) one bedroom apartment is on the 5th floor (or US 6th floor) WITHOUT ELEVATOR of a 17th century building where the private doctor of Louis XIV used to live.  The apartment can comfortably accommodate 2 people with a full size bed in the bedroom, and the sofa in the living room can be converted into a bed - perfectly sized for two kids for instance sharing same bed.  There is a separated and fully equipped kitchen with: - full size fridge where you can store fresh food from nearby markets - induction cooktop to prepare your own meal - Nespresso machine, Nespresso capsules, French-press coffee maker, Magimix toaster 
15160	This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building without lift. The access is made safe by a door code and an intercom. The windows of the bedroom give on a courtyard and the living-room gives on St Honoré Street. This 47sqm apartment is absolutely lovely. It has been entirely renewed in 2012. It can comfortably sleeps up to three guests. The entrance hall features a wardrobe and storage space. It gives on a long corridor that leads to all the rooms : the bedroom first, then the toilets, the bathroom and finally the main room. This main room has several parts : the living-room area features a very nice and comfortable sofabed (with a double bed 140×200) and a flat television. Note that the blackout curtains will enable you to sleep in a dark room, and electric sun-blinds will keep the bright light off the room if needed. The dining-room features a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. It is equipped with very good facilities such as induction	Lovely 1-bedroom 45sqm apartment to rent in Paris near the Louvre. Renewed in 2012, this apartment is very comfortable, suitable for three guests. Come and taste its sweet atmosphere, perfect to rest, no matter how long you intend to stay ! This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building without lift. The access is made safe by a door code and an intercom. The windows of the bedroom give on a courtyard and the living-room gives on St Honoré Street. This 47sqm apartment is absolutely lovely. It has been entirely renewed in 2012. It can comfortably sleeps up to three guests. The entrance hall features a wardrobe and storage space. It gives on a long corridor that leads to all the rooms : the bedroom first, then the toilets, the bathroom and finally the main room. This main room has several parts : the living-room area features a very nice and comfortable sofabed (with a double bed 140×200) and a flat television. Note that the blackout curtains will enable you to sleep in a dark 
15161		Appartement typiquement parisien situé au coeur du Louvre/Palais Royal et Opéra. Très confortable 45m2 pour un séjour très parisien au coeur du Paris chic. Venez vivre une véritable expérience de la vie parisienne dans mon appartement.
15162	------------------------ STAN EXPERIENCE ------------------------ Welcome to STAN,  a modern style, fully furnished and quiet studio. STAN is ideal for a single traveler or 2 persons max. On the 3rd floor/ No lift. NO SMOKING APT With its murphy bed (120x190) and high ceiling, STAN leaves you a maximum space and confort. STAN offers a furnished kitchen (microwave, fridge, 2 induction hobs, dishwasher, washing and drying machine) and a bathroom with shower and WC. Linens and towels are provided.  AMENITIES: - High speed WIFI connection - TV (International chanels) - Dock Station - Heater - Linens, towels, duvets - Numerous closets - Arrival kit (Shower gel, Shampoo, Coffee, Tea, Toilet Paper, Washing machine detergent...)	Located in the center of Paris, STAN is a modern style, fully furnished and quiet studio for 2 pers. max. The nearest metro stations will lead you directly to the most popular touristics sites of the capital.  READY TO START YOUR FRENCH ADVENTURE? ------------------------ STAN EXPERIENCE ------------------------ Welcome to STAN,  a modern style, fully furnished and quiet studio. STAN is ideal for a single traveler or 2 persons max. On the 3rd floor/ No lift. NO SMOKING APT With its murphy bed (120x190) and high ceiling, STAN leaves you a maximum space and confort. STAN offers a furnished kitchen (microwave, fridge, 2 induction hobs, dishwasher, washing and drying machine) and a bathroom with shower and WC. Linens and towels are provided.  AMENITIES: - High speed WIFI connection - TV (International chanels) - Dock Station - Heater - Linens, towels, duvets - Numerous closets - Arrival kit (Shower gel, Shampoo, Coffee, Tea, Toilet Paper, Washing machine detergent...) ---------------------
15163		Petit studio très bien situé en plein cœur de Paris. Ce perchoir est rempli de charme, vous offrant le petit nid douillet idéal pour un jeune couple voulant séjourner à Paris ou bien pour un jeune voulant profiter pleinement de la vie parisienne.
15164	Logement agréable à vivre, avec poutres apparentes.   	Ce studio est idéalement situé au milieu de Paris, dans le quartier branché de Montorgueil. Charmant endroit pour profiter au mieux de la vie parisienne! Il est à proximité de commerces, métros, et lieux pour sortir et boire un verre!   Logement agréable à vivre, avec poutres apparentes.   Wifi, cuisine équipée avec plaque à induction, salle de bain avec baignoire, piano, etc.  Métro: Sentier (ligne 3), Les Halles et Etienne Marcel (ligne 4). 4 Stations vélib aux alentours.
15165	This apartment is located in rue des Lombards, right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Chatelet Les Halles.  It is on the 2nd floor of a nice building, with no lift. You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. Please note that check-in is from 2pm, and check out by 12pm. The apartment itself can accommodate 1-4 people. It has a bedroom with 2 single beds and a pull-out sofa in the living room which opens up as a full double bed. The living room and bedroom are separated by a sliding door. 	"Welcome to your perfect central Paris base! Our calendar is always up-to-date; if you are interested in some dates, just press ""Book""! This apartment is located in rue des Lombards, right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Chatelet Les Halles.  It is on the 2nd floor of a nice building, with no lift. You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. Please note that check-in is from 2pm, and check out by 12pm. The apartment itself can accommodate 1-4 people. It has a bedroom with 2 single beds and a pull-out sofa in the living room which opens up as a full double bed. The living room and bedroom are separated by a sliding door. There is a flat screen tv as well a dvd player and wi-fi internet. The kitchen is well equipped with an oven,  stove, toaster, fridge and microwave. The bathroom has a shower, toilet, washing machine.  A hair drier is available. There will be clean bed linen and fresh towels for you to use. A travel cot for babies up to 3 ye"
15166	This studio with exposed beams has a decoration inspired by cottages and you will be charmed by its warm atmosphere. Located in the busy area of the Halles and Châtelet, it will be easy for you to get around Paris. This beautiful studio is located on the 5th floor with no elevator and has views on the rooftops of typical Parisian buildings. This studio with exposed beams features a very pleasant living room with a 160 cm convertible sofa, a dining table with 4 chairs, a footstool, an armchair and a flat screen TV as well as storage areas. The kitchen is opened on the living room and is fully-equipped. The bathroom, adjoining the living room, includes a shower cubicle, the toilets and a washer. A mezzanine is at your disposal with a 120 cm double bed. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers a	This studio with exposed beams has a decoration inspired by cottages and you will be charmed by its warm atmosphere. Located in the busy area of the Halles and Châtelet, it will be easy for you to get around Paris. This beautiful studio is located on the 5th floor with no elevator and has views on the rooftops of typical Parisian buildings. This studio with exposed beams features a very pleasant living room with a 160 cm convertible sofa, a dining table with 4 chairs, a footstool, an armchair and a flat screen TV as well as storage areas. The kitchen is opened on the living room and is fully-equipped. The bathroom, adjoining the living room, includes a shower cubicle, the toilets and a washer. A mezzanine is at your disposal with a 120 cm double bed. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers a
15167	Hello, We rent a charming Parisian apartment in a prime location: the Louvre Museum and the Garden of Palais Royal are all within walking distance. There is an easy access from airports and train stations by public transport. Lots of charm : authentic wooden beams on ceiling, rustic tiled kitchen, bathroom with shower and real bed in living room. This is the perfect place to enjoy a short term rental in Paris. It is at the third floor with no lift but with calm neighbours. 	Our charming Parisian apartment is located in a central and high-value location: the Louvre Museum and the Garden of Palais Royal are all within walking distance. Easy access to all public transport. Hello, We rent a charming Parisian apartment in a prime location: the Louvre Museum and the Garden of Palais Royal are all within walking distance. There is an easy access from airports and train stations by public transport. Lots of charm : authentic wooden beams on ceiling, rustic tiled kitchen, bathroom with shower and real bed in living room. This is the perfect place to enjoy a short term rental in Paris. It is at the third floor with no lift but with calm neighbours. The apartment is located in a quiet street in a lively and historic area (restaurants, museums, bars, shopping, nightclubs).  It is also very safe (probably the safest place in Paris due to the presence of a lot of luxury brands and banks) All famous parisian monuments are accessible on foot or by bike (Velib'). Here are
15168	Greetings, I live in the first district of Paris. At the heart of the beautiful capital. My appartment is 130m2 and is located close to the Royal Palace, Louvre Museum and the Victory Square. The apartment is fully equipped, recently renovated and is on the 4th floor with an elevator. The place is bright and luminous. The overall decor is modern. It is located in a building which is extremely well maintained and calm . The area is filled with shops, lovely boutiques, museums and easily accessable to transports in order to travel around Paris.The Rue Montorgueil with its markets and shops within 5 minutes by foot.  It is an apartment where I live, and the place is really quiet. I take care of my home and its a pleasure for me to bring home small new things to add on as soon as I can. I am offering to welcome you at my home, in this place and quarter which is very dear to me, and I will do my best to make your stay as marvellous as possible. According to the dates, I will be either renti	Greetings, I live in the first district of Paris. At the heart of the beautiful capital. My appartment is 130m2 and is located close to the Royal Palace, Louvre Museum and the Victory Square. The apartment is fully equipped, recently renovated and is on the 4th floor with an elevator. The place is bright and luminous. The overall decor is modern. It is located in a building which is extremely well maintained and calm . The area is filled with shops, lovely boutiques, museums and easily accessable to transports in order to travel around Paris.The Rue Montorgueil with its markets and shops within 5 minutes by foot.  It is an apartment where I live, and the place is really quiet. I take care of my home and its a pleasure for me to bring home small new things to add on as soon as I can. I am offering to welcome you at my home, in this place and quarter which is very dear to me, and I will do my best to make your stay as marvellous as possible. According to the dates, I will be either renti
15169	This cosy one bedroom apartment is located next to the famous Louvre Museum, and Les Halles, on rue Saint Honoré, in the 1st arrondissement. Situated on the 3rd floor without an elevator, it was recently fully renovated with an elegant decoration. It is charming with its wooden floor, wooden beams, and lovely view on the rue Saint Honoré. Great location!  This apartment of about 35 sq meters (or 377 sq ft) with a refined decoration features a cosy and charming living room with a convertible sofa wooden dining table, chairs for four, wooden beams, and wooden floor. The convertible sofa opens into a double bed (140x190 centimeters), that is comfortable with its real mattress. Enjoy the view on the lovely rue Saint Honore, and les Halles.  The open-plan kitchen is equipped with electric stove, microwave, washing-machine, dishwasher, and fridge. It is very practical with everything you need (coffee maker, toaster, induction cooktops). The separate small bedroom features a double bed (140x1	Charming one bedroom apartment located Rue Saint Honoré, next to the Louvre Museum, in the 1st arrondissement on the 3rd floor without an elevator. Just renovated with a beautiful decoration. Perfect for romantic stay! This cosy one bedroom apartment is located next to the famous Louvre Museum, and Les Halles, on rue Saint Honoré, in the 1st arrondissement. Situated on the 3rd floor without an elevator, it was recently fully renovated with an elegant decoration. It is charming with its wooden floor, wooden beams, and lovely view on the rue Saint Honoré. Great location!  This apartment of about 35 sq meters (or 377 sq ft) with a refined decoration features a cosy and charming living room with a convertible sofa wooden dining table, chairs for four, wooden beams, and wooden floor. The convertible sofa opens into a double bed (140x190 centimeters), that is comfortable with its real mattress. Enjoy the view on the lovely rue Saint Honore, and les Halles.  The open-plan kitchen is equipped 
15170	Au 5ème étage d'un immeuble pierre de Paris, vous serez au calme absolu et plein soleil dans cet appartement avec vue sur les toits. Au pied de l'immeuble, vous aurez tous les commerces nécessaires (boulanger, fruits et légumes...) et plein de café sympas (avec terrasse). Station Vélib à 1' et plusieurs lignes de métro (ligne (phone number hidden)) à 2' à pied. Le parfait emplacement pour visiter Paris.	32m2 en plein coeur du 1er.  Idéalement situé et proche des monuments et quartiers historiques. A pied : 1' du Louvre, 1' des Halles, 6' d'Opéra, 10' de Saint-Germain des Prés, 15' du Marais. Plein sud, vue sur les toits et au calme sur cour. Au 5ème étage d'un immeuble pierre de Paris, vous serez au calme absolu et plein soleil dans cet appartement avec vue sur les toits. Au pied de l'immeuble, vous aurez tous les commerces nécessaires (boulanger, fruits et légumes...) et plein de café sympas (avec terrasse). Station Vélib à 1' et plusieurs lignes de métro (ligne (phone number hidden)) à 2' à pied. Le parfait emplacement pour visiter Paris. Etant également habitant de Paris, je suis disponible pour vous faire part de mes bons plans : restos, bars, adresses perso... La rue Coquillière se situe à cheval sur le quartier du Palais-Royal (partie située entre la rue Croix-des-Petits-Champs et la rue du Louvre), et le quartier des Halles (partie située entre la rue du Louvre et l'Église Sain
15171	The appartement is located in the very heart of Paris in the famous « Rue saint Honoré ». Very spacious  (35m2) and luminous Ideal location for a couple who want to have a nice time visiting the beauty of Paris Kitchen : The kitchen is equipped with an electric hob, a microwave, a fridge and  storage, plus all basic amenities for home cooking.  Bathroom :  Fresh sheets and towels are provided for your stay. This is a bustling and thriving neighborhood where you will appreciate typical café Parisien.   In proximity: In within 5 minutes walking distance you will enjoy the well-known “Musée du Louvre” and “Jardin des Tuilleries” and Beaubourg.  In less than 10 minutes nice and famous neighborhood: “Saint-Germain des Pres”  “Hotel de Ville & Le Marais “ Within 15 min walking distance: “Musée d’Orsay” “Notre dame de Paris” “Latin quarter” Very accessible in Subway and buses: -Les Halles : Ligne 4, RER B (direction : Roissy Charles de Gaule), RER A -Chatelet-les Halles : ligne 4 – 1 – 14 (ga	"Cozy appartement of 35 m2 in the center of Paris.  autiful district of Paris (the 7th). 1 minute walking to the ""seine"" (river) and 3 to the ""musée du Louvre"".  This place is perfect for a couple who want to discover the beauty The appartement is located in the very heart of Paris in the famous « Rue saint Honoré ». Very spacious  (35m2) and luminous Ideal location for a couple who want to have a nice time visiting the beauty of Paris Kitchen : The kitchen is equipped with an electric hob, a microwave, a fridge and  storage, plus all basic amenities for home cooking.  Bathroom :  Fresh sheets and towels are provided for your stay. This is a bustling and thriving neighborhood where you will appreciate typical café Parisien.   In proximity: In within 5 minutes walking distance you will enjoy the well-known “Musée du Louvre” and “Jardin des Tuilleries” and Beaubourg.  In less than 10 minutes nice and famous neighborhood: “Saint-Germain des Pres”  “Hotel de Ville & Le Marais “ Within 15 mi"
15172	You will enjoy high quality materials and design equipment like Lounge corner xO by Starck table and 2 seats   Artemide lights   Nespresso Coffee Machine   Bathroom made of Corian Solid Surface Large Fantini rain shower  1 Acova design heater  Artemide lights Large & small mirror Hairdryer Fresh towels  Bedroom  Belle Literie bed 140mx180m (for 2) & fresh bed linen  2 Artimide bed lights Sony 40” (107cm) flat screen and 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema   Wifi & TV incl. over 200 channels Build-in closet 2x Lutron light dim controls + 1 remote, incl. neon blue option Painting 1 Acova design heater  2 Velux Electronic Roof Windows and Blinds  2 New side windows preventing from heath/cold/noise Fan Kitchen made of Corian Solid Surface Siemens Fridge & Freezer Scholtès Combi Oven&Microwave 2 Induction AIRLUX Hobs Toaster & Kettle Guy Degrenne cutlery & service WMF pans 	Experience the true Parisian city life in style staying in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés.  Renovated by an Interior Designer in 2013, located on the 6th floor with elevator in a 400 Years old building where the troupe of Molière once lived.    You will enjoy high quality materials and design equipment like Lounge corner xO by Starck table and 2 seats   Artemide lights   Nespresso Coffee Machine   Bathroom made of Corian Solid Surface Large Fantini rain shower  1 Acova design heater  Artemide lights Large & small mirror Hairdryer Fresh towels  Bedroom  Belle Literie bed 140mx180m (for 2) & fresh bed linen  2 Artimide bed lights Sony 40” (107cm) flat screen and 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema   Wifi & TV incl. over 200 channels Build-in closet 2x Lutron light dim controls + 1 remote, incl. neon blue option Painting 1 Acova design heater  2 Velux Electronic Roof Windows and Blinds  2 New side windows preventing from heath/cold/noise Fan Kitchen made of Corian Solid Surface Siemens Fridge & F
15173	Completely refurbished with quality equipment; features a bright living room with a sofa-bed and one bedroom with a double bed. The apartment is ideal for a couple and comfortable for 4 people .The bathroom contains a shower and a washing machine.  You will love this bright apartment as well as its selection of equipment that includes double glazed windows, a coffee machine and a Wi-Fi internet connection. 	An exclusive 50m2 duplex with a fantastic location, 1 min walk from the Louvre. The apartment overlooks a courtyard ensuring a good night rest. Refurbished with quality equipment, features a bright living room with a sofa bed and a bedroom (dble bed) Completely refurbished with quality equipment; features a bright living room with a sofa-bed and one bedroom with a double bed. The apartment is ideal for a couple and comfortable for 4 people .The bathroom contains a shower and a washing machine.  You will love this bright apartment as well as its selection of equipment that includes double glazed windows, a coffee machine and a Wi-Fi internet connection. Getting around the city will be quick and easy.  The Louvre is one minute walk from the apartment. The opera Garnier is 5 minutes away. From here you will be able to reach almost any part of the city. You will also enjoy taking easy strolls in Palais Royal gardens which are in front of the building. I will be available anytime by email o
15174	Grand appartement de 70m2 dont 1 chambre séparé avec lit double, grande cuisine séparé équipé, un grand salon avec vue sur les jardins des Halles	Appartement entièrement équipé situé au coeur de Paris, juste à coté des Halles, du Louvre et de toutes les attractions principales. Il peut accueillir deux personnes avec un couchage principal dans une chambre séparé et un sofa lit dans le salon. Grand appartement de 70m2 dont 1 chambre séparé avec lit double, grande cuisine séparé équipé, un grand salon avec vue sur les jardins des Halles Appartement entier Au coeur du quartier des Halles/Louvre, proximité des toutes les attractions possible à pied. Nombreux transports à deux pas (métro, bus, RER) Accès facile depuis les aéroports grace au RER direct.  4ème étage sans ascenseur
15175		Petit studio/ chambre de 12m2 à deux pas du jardin des tuileries et de la place de l'opéra. A deux stations du quartier commerçant de Chatelet. A 10mn du Louvre et des quais de Seine. au 5 eme sans ascenseur donnant sur cour. WC dans le studio.
15176	Located on a pedestrian street, on the 4th floor (no elevator but easy to climb), bright furnished apartment 35 m2 with 4 large windows, double glazing - Close to shops, bars, restaurants. Renovated and superbly equipped, consisting of a bedroom, a cozy living room, a kitchen and bathroom and toilet, sleeps 4 people.  Ce deux pièces est composé d'une chambre ( lit de 140 et matelas de très bonne qualité - grand dressing avec miroirs), d'un salon (avec un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes), une cuisine (toute équipée) et d'une salle d'eau avec toilettes. Les 4 fenêtres sont équipées de volets en bois – L'appartement dispose d'une porte avec œilleton et chaîne de sécurité – l'accès à l'immeuble se fait avec un digicode. Le commissariat tout proche sécurise le quartier. 	Lumineux appartement meublé 35 m2 au 4è étage double vitrage - Proche tous commerces, bars, restaurants. Refait à neuf et superbement équipé,  composé d'une chambre, d'un salon, d'une cuisine et d'une s. de bains et WC, peut accueillir 4 personnes. Located on a pedestrian street, on the 4th floor (no elevator but easy to climb), bright furnished apartment 35 m2 with 4 large windows, double glazing - Close to shops, bars, restaurants. Renovated and superbly equipped, consisting of a bedroom, a cozy living room, a kitchen and bathroom and toilet, sleeps 4 people.  Ce deux pièces est composé d'une chambre ( lit de 140 et matelas de très bonne qualité - grand dressing avec miroirs), d'un salon (avec un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes), une cuisine (toute équipée) et d'une salle d'eau avec toilettes. Les 4 fenêtres sont équipées de volets en bois – L'appartement dispose d'une porte avec œilleton et chaîne de sécurité – l'accès à l'immeuble se fait avec un digicode. Le commissariat tout proche s
15177	This is a very quiet south facing apartment with balcony.  It is in the very centre of Paris, in a great location.  The apartment is in very good condition and is perfect for your Paris stay (sleeps 1 to 4 persons).  Minimum 4 night stay in the apartment.  The Montorgueil Louvre One Bedroom is a perfect home away from home right in the heart of central Paris. Located on the 5th floor of a typical smaller Parisian apartment building with elevator access and with just one apartment on each floor. The apartment is 40 square meters in total size (that is 430 square feet).   This apartment faces south with a balcony, receiving direct sunlight late morning and early afternoon.   This is a NON SMOKING apartment. The apartment has air conditioning for summer months.   Upon entering the apartment you are in a very small foyer area that has a partition that looks through to the kitchen, and this entry leads directly to the living room.   The living room has a top quality sofa that pulls out to s	Excellent centrally located apartment,  with top quality queen bed and sofa bed.  Balcony, fully equipped kitchen and walk in shower.  Perfect apartment for your stay in central Paris.  Rue Montorgueil pedestrian market street just around the corner. This is a very quiet south facing apartment with balcony.  It is in the very centre of Paris, in a great location.  The apartment is in very good condition and is perfect for your Paris stay (sleeps 1 to 4 persons).  Minimum 4 night stay in the apartment.  The Montorgueil Louvre One Bedroom is a perfect home away from home right in the heart of central Paris. Located on the 5th floor of a typical smaller Parisian apartment building with elevator access and with just one apartment on each floor. The apartment is 40 square meters in total size (that is 430 square feet).   This apartment faces south with a balcony, receiving direct sunlight late morning and early afternoon.   This is a NON SMOKING apartment. The apartment has air conditioning
15178	"Fully equiped : kettle,coffe maker, toaster, airdryer, towels, linen, etc...  Has one double bed plus a confortable sofa-bed for 2 people.  Located in an amazing  1728 renovated building in a typical parisian narrow street (known as ""Louboutin street"" for Louboutin has his base here) . Every commodities nearby ( 2 supermarkets , laundry ,gym, restaurant, bistro and bakeries down the building, cool restaurants, bars and shops, transportation (""Châtelet / les halles"" is the key station to 90% of metro/train/buses lines in Paris. Metro line 1, crosses paris from east to west following most of touristic sites ...)  Both stations are a 5mn walk from the apartment. VERY central location. Next to Rivoli shopping avenue and a step away from Louvre museum , Tuileries gardens, Champs Elysée, Saint Honoré ""chic"" street, Les Halles mall, the Opera and pedestrian neighbourhood of Montorgueil . 100m from the apartment is ""Pont des Arts"" where Paris' sunset over the Seine is a must seen. Walking dist"	"Fully equiped. One real double bed & a confortable 2 people sofa-bed. Typical parisian narrow street with every commodities nearby ( supermarkets, laundry down the building, cool restaurants & bars, public transportation 3mn walk Fully equiped : kettle,coffe maker, toaster, airdryer, towels, linen, etc...  Has one double bed plus a confortable sofa-bed for 2 people.  Located in an amazing  1728 renovated building in a typical parisian narrow street (known as ""Louboutin street"" for Louboutin has his base here) . Every commodities nearby ( 2 supermarkets , laundry ,gym, restaurant, bistro and bakeries down the building, cool restaurants, bars and shops, transportation (""Châtelet / les halles"" is the key station to 90% of metro/train/buses lines in Paris. Metro line 1, crosses paris from east to west following most of touristic sites ...)  Both stations are a 5mn walk from the apartment. VERY central location. Next to Rivoli shopping avenue and a step away from Louvre museum , Tuileries g"
15179	The apartment is located right in front of the Louvre on rue de Rivoli with stunning views over the gardens of the Tuileries.  It is definitely the best starting point to discover Paris, even on foot.  Very well served by public transport.	In front of Louvre museum, 6th and last floor with (email hidden)xurious apartment, 4 sleeps+ 1 extra bed,air conditioning,wifi.This place is full of light from the morning till the evening. 3 balconies with amazing views on Tuileries and Rivoli. The apartment is located right in front of the Louvre on rue de Rivoli with stunning views over the gardens of the Tuileries.  It is definitely the best starting point to discover Paris, even on foot.  Very well served by public (website hidden), Internet and phone access are free (limited to 120 countries).  Washing-machine and dishwasher free use. 4 sleeps+ 1 extra bed high quality are available. The apartment is fully put to disposition of the hosts. Only two closets are locked to keep personal affairs. We remain reachable 24/24 The heart of Paris. Immediate vicinity of the most beautiful monuments.  Very convenient for all public transportations. 3 subway stations are next door : Tuileries, Palais Royal & Pyramide. Lots of bus stations  2 
15180	This  Paris studio has charm and is very well located . It is right on the corner of the famous trendy pedestrian Montorgueil street: open market twice a week, many typically parisian cafes and restaurants. It is a very lively place in the true center of Paris! At walking distance from Le Louvre, la Seine river, la Place des Victoires and all the best fashion stores. Metro station (Sentier) is just around the corner and takes you all around the city very easily. The appartement is super clean, it's on the 5th floor of the building with elevator. It’s luminous and very quiet.. It will be perfect for a single person or a couple. baby bed can be added.	Top floor with elevator . Very lively neighborhood of Montorgueil Les Halles. Super central . Close to everything. Very quiet and bright apartment. Brand new bed This  Paris studio has charm and is very well located . It is right on the corner of the famous trendy pedestrian Montorgueil street: open market twice a week, many typically parisian cafes and restaurants. It is a very lively place in the true center of Paris! At walking distance from Le Louvre, la Seine river, la Place des Victoires and all the best fashion stores. Metro station (Sentier) is just around the corner and takes you all around the city very easily. The appartement is super clean, it's on the 5th floor of the building with elevator. It’s luminous and very quiet.. It will be perfect for a single person or a couple. baby bed can be added. elevator I will be interested to swop this apartment for equivalent in NY or London city for short periods of time  La rue Montorgueil is one of the most lively, trendy yet preserv
15181	Appartement idéal pour un couple au coeur de Paris	UNIQUE in Paris in the Cité Island Nice Furnished Flat, South oriented, 3rd stair,   : entrance, large living room, bedroom, all equipped kitchen, A/C.
15182	Appartement familial de 110m² au 6 étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 5 ème. Grand double séjour ouvert sur une cuisine équipée et spacieuse avec coin repas.  Au même niveau que le séjour un petit couloir distribue 2 chambres et une salle de bains avec baignoire. une chambre avec 2 lits simples dont un en mezzanine et une chambre avec un canapé convertible en lit 2 places.  Au 2 ème niveau une suite parentale avec salle de bains douche, le tout plein de charme avec ses poutres apparentes et vue sur les toits de Paris. Un canapé lit supplémentaire est installé dans le salon.	Appartement familial de 110m² au 6 étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 5 ème. Grand double séjour ouvert sur une cuisine équipée et spacieuse avec coin repas.  Au même niveau que le séjour un petit couloir distribue 2 chambres et une salle de bains avec baignoire. une chambre avec 2 lits simples dont un en mezzanine et une chambre avec un canapé convertible en lit 2 places.  Au 2 ème niveau une suite parentale avec salle de bains douche, le tout plein de charme avec ses poutres apparentes et vue sur les toits de Paris. Un canapé lit supplémentaire est installé dans le salon. Situé au centre de la Capitale (100m du jardin des Tuileries et de la place Vendôme, à 5 min à pied du musée du Louvre, des jardins du Palais Royal, l'Opéra, place de la Concorde et des Champs Elysées.) Situation centrale exceptionnelle pour rayonner dans tous les quartiers de Paris à pied ou en transports en commun. Metro à 5 min: Tuileries(ligne 1), Concorde(Ligne 1,8, 12), Pyramides (ligne 7,14), Opéra (ligne 3, 8, 7 
15183	It is a charming two rooms flat (situated in the 5th floor without elevator) of 27 square meters situated under roofs right in the heart of Paris which can welcome comfortably two people.	It is a charming two rooms flat (situated in the 5th floor without elevator) of 27 square meters situated under roofs right in the heart of Paris which can welcome comfortably two people. all the flat The district is alive and the activities are not lacking! You will be just two steps away from the Louvre, the forum of Halle, the pedestrian district of Montorgueil. The district counts numerous gourmet restaurants and breweries of good qualities, there is something for every budget. To reach the flat: line 1: Louvre-Rivoli or lines 4/RER: Halle. Many things can be made on foot and lots of buses circulate in the district.
15184	"Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience in the famous Saint Honoré street. Saint-Honoré – Vendôme. Located just north of Jardin Des Tuileries and the Louvre museum is the largest, most varied range of fashion stores. You will are in one of the best location in Paris. Visiting, Shopping, Eating are 5 minutes max by walk...  The ""Saint Honoré"" street spans the 1st and 8th districts of Paris, near the Saint Honoré market square and the Tuileries gardens. Over the last few years, several luxury hotels have set up shop there. (The famous Ritz, the Mandarin Oriental, Hotel Costes.) The Rue Saint Honoré crosses the famously majestic Place Vendôme (""Vendôme Square""). You can visit monuments near the apartment (just by walk) as the Louvre, Tuileries Garden, Vendôme Square, Opéra Garnier, Concorde Square, Madeleine Square, Champs Elysées...  A trully parisian neighborhood where you can find shops and the restaurants with all the businesses (bakery, bread"	"Saint-Honoré – Vendôme. Located just north of Jardin des Tuileries and the Louvre museum is the largest, most varied range of fashion stores. You will are in one of the best location in Paris. Visiting, Shopping, Eating are 5 minutes max by walk...  Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience in the famous Saint Honoré street. Saint-Honoré – Vendôme. Located just north of Jardin Des Tuileries and the Louvre museum is the largest, most varied range of fashion stores. You will are in one of the best location in Paris. Visiting, Shopping, Eating are 5 minutes max by walk...  The ""Saint Honoré"" street spans the 1st and 8th districts of Paris, near the Saint Honoré market square and the Tuileries gardens. Over the last few years, several luxury hotels have set up shop there. (The famous Ritz, the Mandarin Oriental, Hotel Costes.) The Rue Saint Honoré crosses the famously majestic Place Vendôme (""Vendôme Square""). You can visit monuments near the apartme"
15185	A lovely and typical parisian studio, situated in the heart of Paris, close to Beaubourg and the main Paris' metro station 'Chatelet les Halles'. It is an ideal situation, next to Montorgeuil street, to saint Michel, Notre Dame de Paris, and the Seines' sides. The flat it a pretty large and hight room, with beams and a mezzanine.  Good opportunity for a couple or a group of friends. There is wifi and a wash machine.  the bed sheets can be provided ( whitout extra) Rent by the month in JULY AND AUGUST Un joli studio de 43 m2 situé au coeur de Paris, à deux pas de Beaubourg et de tous les métro/RER!  Un emplacement idéal, a proximité du Marais, de la rue Montorgueil, de Saint Michel, Notre Dame de Paris et des quais de Seine... L'appartement est une très grande pièce de 3.5m de hauteur, avec poutres apparentes et mezzanine.  Idéal pour un couple ou pour un groupe d'amis.  L'appartement est équipé de wifi et d'une machine a laver le linge. des draps peuvent etre procurés.  location au moi	A lovely and typical parisian studio, situated in the heart of Paris, close to Beaubourg and the main Paris' metro station 'Chatelet les Halles'. It is an ideal situation, next to Montorgeuil street, to saint Michel, Notre Dame de Paris, and the Seines' sides. The flat it a pretty large and hight room, with beams and a mezzanine.  Good opportunity for a couple or a group of friends. There is wifi and a wash machine.  the bed sheets can be provided ( whitout extra) Rent by the month in JULY AND AUGUST Un joli studio de 43 m2 situé au coeur de Paris, à deux pas de Beaubourg et de tous les métro/RER!  Un emplacement idéal, a proximité du Marais, de la rue Montorgueil, de Saint Michel, Notre Dame de Paris et des quais de Seine... L'appartement est une très grande pièce de 3.5m de hauteur, avec poutres apparentes et mezzanine.  Idéal pour un couple ou pour un groupe d'amis.  L'appartement est équipé de wifi et d'une machine a laver le linge. des draps peuvent etre procurés.  location au moi
15186	Studio en plein centre de Paris !! Proche du Musée du Louvre, du Musée d'Orsay, de l'Opéra de Paris. Pièce principale avec une cuisinette équipée (plaques, réfrigérateur, four à micro-onde) et salle d'eau avec douche, WC et lave-linge neuf. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmannien sécurisé. 	Joli studio fonctionnel et idéalement situé à deux pas de la Place de la Concorde, des Champs Élysées, du musée du Louvre, des Tuileries,de la Place Vendôme.... Cuisinette équipée et salle d'eau avec WC et lave-linge neuf. Immeuble Haussmannien.   Studio en plein centre de Paris !! Proche du Musée du Louvre, du Musée d'Orsay, de l'Opéra de Paris. Pièce principale avec une cuisinette équipée (plaques, réfrigérateur, four à micro-onde) et salle d'eau avec douche, WC et lave-linge neuf. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmannien sécurisé.  Logement complet Très rapidement !! Le quartier : Place de la Concorde, Place de la Madeleine, Avenue des Champs Élysées, Opéra de Paris...  Métro Concorde ou Tuileries
15187	This stylish 63sqm (roughly 680sqf) apartment, fully refurbished in April 2014, offers a very large living room with wooden floors and tons of light (west exposure, no large building across the street), a modern open kitchen with integrated appliances, two lovely bedrooms (a large one, a smaller one) with a wardrobe and a bathroom (including a bathtube). It is located at the 2nd floor (French way to count -we don't count the ground floor as one in France) or third floor (if you count US style) of a small family building. All the ingredients are here for you to have a truly wonderful stay in Paris !	Located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, between the charming Boulevard Saint-Germain and Rue de Grenelle. A sought-after address within walking distance of fashionable shops, bars and restaurants, next to the Seine river and the Orsay Museum This stylish 63sqm (roughly 680sqf) apartment, fully refurbished in April 2014, offers a very large living room with wooden floors and tons of light (west exposure, no large building across the street), a modern open kitchen with integrated appliances, two lovely bedrooms (a large one, a smaller one) with a wardrobe and a bathroom (including a bathtube). It is located at the 2nd floor (French way to count -we don't count the ground floor as one in France) or third floor (if you count US style) of a small family building. All the ingredients are here for you to have a truly wonderful stay in Paris ! Guests will obviously have full and exclusive access to the appartment when they rent it. That includes: - Fully equiped kitchen - Queen size bed in
15188	Very nice flat, at the last(3rd) floor, directly above Passage Choiseul (a pedestrian alley, private during the night and on Sunday). Newly renovated, this flat is situated in the historical heart of Paris, at 5-10 min walk of Palais Royal, Louvre, Opera square, Grands Boulevards... Bright and very peaceful (no traffic), with everything you'll need (fitted kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine, TV, internet...). One bedroom with 2 single beds, a bedroom on a mezzanine with a double bed and an alcove with 2 matresses, plus a sofa-bed in the living-room. If you come with kids, you will find everything for them! Just tell me what you will need. 	Nice peaceful flat in an historical pedestrian alley ( Passage Choiseul), with 2 bedrooms (mezzanine) and an alcove. Newly renovated, fully furnished Five min walk from Opéra Garnier, Palais Royal and Louvre museum. Very central and attractive area Very nice flat, at the last(3rd) floor, directly above Passage Choiseul (a pedestrian alley, private during the night and on Sunday). Newly renovated, this flat is situated in the historical heart of Paris, at 5-10 min walk of Palais Royal, Louvre, Opera square, Grands Boulevards... Bright and very peaceful (no traffic), with everything you'll need (fitted kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine, TV, internet...). One bedroom with 2 single beds, a bedroom on a mezzanine with a double bed and an alcove with 2 matresses, plus a sofa-bed in the living-room. If you come with kids, you will find everything for them! Just tell me what you will need. Several Metro stations are around (Pyramides -7, 14-, 4 Septembre -3-, Opéra -RER A, 3, 7, 8-, Louvre-
15189	The apartment is on the 6th and last floor (with elevator) of a typical brick stone Parisian building. It enjoys a great view over Paris roofs, including the Sacre Coeur church and other Parisian landmarks.  Recently renovated, exquisitely furnished, it is full of light thanks to its wall windows (four of them) and ceiling windows (two: one in the bedroom and one in the bathroom) that can be closed at will.  Very cosy and charming (exposed beams, tiled floor), well aired in Summer, comfortably warm in Winter. The living room includes an open US kitchen fully equipped, a dining table that seats up to 6 people, cupboards/dressings, and a lounge area with a comfortable seating sofa (canapé) convertible intoa queen size bed Television (more than 150 international channels) and free high-speed internet for free. Very cosy bedroom with double bed (queen size). Really a place of intimacy and well-being.  Bathroom full of light and very spacious, shower/bath, WC, etc.  Cleaning fees of 35 € to	In the heart of Paris, near the lively and trendy rue Montorgueil, Les Halles and the Louvre museum on the 6th floor, wonderful loft of 44 square meters (474 sqft) excellently designed and furnished. April offer: 118€/night. From May: 139€/night The apartment is on the 6th and last floor (with elevator) of a typical brick stone Parisian building. It enjoys a great view over Paris roofs, including the Sacre Coeur church and other Parisian landmarks.  Recently renovated, exquisitely furnished, it is full of light thanks to its wall windows (four of them) and ceiling windows (two: one in the bedroom and one in the bathroom) that can be closed at will.  Very cosy and charming (exposed beams, tiled floor), well aired in Summer, comfortably warm in Winter. The living room includes an open US kitchen fully equipped, a dining table that seats up to 6 people, cupboards/dressings, and a lounge area with a comfortable seating sofa (canapé) convertible intoa queen size bed Television (more than 15
15190		"This cozy apartment is just a five minute walk from the Louvre, Jardin du Tuileries and Palais Royale. Enjoy a coffee in one of the many cafes closeby or an Asian meal just a few streets over. Within minutes of Rue Montorgueil, a hotspot, too! The premier arrondissement in Paris is one of the most desirable areas of the city-centre. The Louvré is within minutes of this apartment as well as other attractions such as Palais Royalé. The charm of ""Chinatown"" is just a few streets away with a number of delicious Asian restaurants. The RER (train to the airport and outside city centre) is also within minutes as well as the regular Metro.  Yes, the Metro lines 1 and 4 are within 5 minutes as well as the RER. Taxis are always readily available as well."
15191	LOVELY AND COSY FLAT. IN THE MARAIS DISTRICT: THE HEARTH OF PARIS ON A GEOGRAPHICAL AND HISTORICAL POINT OF VIEW !!  IDEAL FOR LOVERS, REALLY NICE FOR FRIENDS! You want to live a typical parisian experience, in a authentic  atmospher, on the hearth of Paris, waked up by the smooth sound of the bells of the beautifull St Merri's church? You rang at the good door :) ! 25 M2 only for you. Ideally situated on a pedetrian streets (calm) of the centre. THE BEST LOCATION to discover Paris:100 metres from Beaubourg or Notre Dame de Paris, 5 mn by walf from le Louvre.  The whole neighborhood is very lively, it's considered to be one the trendiest place to live in. It is composed of upsacale fashion boutiques, restaurants and bistrots and historical high spots. All you need for a perfect stay is a the corner: 3 supemarkets on the street, fashion and vintage shops etc ! Metro line 1, 4, 7, 11. Chatelet-Les Halles is very close to the apart (5 min by foot), it's the biggest hub for subway/RER (exp	- Cosy, warm and quiet,  idéal for lovers -In the hearth of the historical Paris -Central 100% -Pédestrian Area, what a Lux in a big city! -All the main Paris monuments (email hidden) Area.  -Restaurent, shops, bar, whatever you need on the street. ENJOY!  LOVELY AND COSY FLAT. IN THE MARAIS DISTRICT: THE HEARTH OF PARIS ON A GEOGRAPHICAL AND HISTORICAL POINT OF VIEW !!  IDEAL FOR LOVERS, REALLY NICE FOR FRIENDS! You want to live a typical parisian experience, in a authentic  atmospher, on the hearth of Paris, waked up by the smooth sound of the bells of the beautifull St Merri's church? You rang at the good door :) ! 25 M2 only for you. Ideally situated on a pedetrian streets (calm) of the centre. THE BEST LOCATION to discover Paris:100 metres from Beaubourg or Notre Dame de Paris, 5 mn by walf from le Louvre.  The whole neighborhood is very lively, it's considered to be one the trendiest place to live in. It is composed of upsacale fashion boutiques, restaurants and bistrots and hist
15192	Top floor (7th floor, no elevator),2 bedroom appartment for rent in the heart of Paris, located by the Louvres and the Tuileries garden, as well as luxury shopping area. Open kitchen with washer and dryer , living room with flat screen tv , cable and high speed internet on mac computer. Bedroom with storage for cloth. Nice bathroom with with Paris view.	Top floor (7th floor, no elevator),2 bedroom appartment for rent in the heart of Paris, located by the Louvres and the Tuileries garden, as well as luxury shopping area. Open kitchen with washer and dryer , living room with flat screen tv , cable and high speed internet on mac computer. Bedroom with storage for cloth. Nice bathroom with with Paris view.
15193	A fantastic open space with lots of light and style. Separate bedroom, and a brand new convertible couch in the main room for additional guests. Some other great features: - Original kitchen woodwork - Full bath and shower - Huge windows providing light throughout the day	This recently renovated apartment couldn't be better situated - less than a five minute minute walk from the Louvre, but surrounded by some of the most-talked wine bars and restaurants in the city in the unspoiled part of the First Arrondissement. A fantastic open space with lots of light and style. Separate bedroom, and a brand new convertible couch in the main room for additional guests. Some other great features: - Original kitchen woodwork - Full bath and shower - Huge windows providing light throughout the day - Wifi internet - Television - Washer - Dishwasher - Nespresso machine - Fresh towels and linens I'll meet you upon arrival to show you the apartment and help get you settled in, and then I'm always available throughout your stay if you have any questions.
15194	Petit logement pratique au centre des visites parisiennes. Calme et ensoleillé.	Petit logement pratique au centre des visites parisiennes. Calme et ensoleillé. Face au Louvre, jardin des Tuileries, près de la Concorde, de l'Opéra, de la comédie française et du Palais royal. Juste la seine à traverser pour se rendre dans le quartier latin. A 5 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées. Par téléphone, je serai joignable. Tout les plus beaux monuments de Paris sont dans ce quartier. Et , quartier central, tout est accessible. Métros Tuileries, Pyramides, Concorde, Palais Royal, Opéra. Beaucoup de lignes de métro et de bus. Logement au 5 ème étage sans ascenseur. Les toilettes sont sur le palier. Et la douche est dans un coin de la cuisine;
15195	The apartment is located right in the heart of Paris, few meters from the Place Vendôme, the Jardin des Tuileries, the Louvre, the Opéra Garnier or Palais Royal. Being right in the center, you can walk to mostly all the quarters: St Germain des Prés, the Marais, the Champs Elysées... Here is the address, if you want to have a look on a map : 12 rue de la Sourdiere 75001 Paris The apartment is just renovated by a famous parisian architect in a very luxury way, you'll have all the comfort you need: internet, free phone call to more than 90 countries, 250 CDs, DVDs, books... On the first floor of a typical Parisian little street (bookinist, florist, couturier...) and bedroom on a very nice private court you will have a very calm and peaceful stay. Welcome to the heart of Paris !	The apartment is located right in the heart of Paris, few meters from the Place Vendôme, the Jardin des Tuileries, the Louvre, the Opéra Garnier or Palais Royal. Being right in the center, you can walk to mostly all the quarters: St Germain des Prés, the Marais, the Champs Elysées... Here is the address, if you want to have a look on a map : 12 rue de la Sourdiere 75001 Paris The apartment is just renovated by a famous parisian architect in a very luxury way, you'll have all the comfort you need: internet, free phone call to more than 90 countries, 250 CDs, DVDs, books... On the first floor of a typical Parisian little street (bookinist, florist, couturier...) and bedroom on a very nice private court you will have a very calm and peaceful stay. Welcome to the heart of Paris !
15196	The room is located in the Halles district, in the heart of Paris, right next to the Louvre Museum and the Seine River. The flat is located on the 5th floor, with elevator, in a nice XIXth century building, and about 65/70 m2.	Spacious flat, located 5 minutes walking from Châtelet, Montorgueil street, Louvre Museum, Palais Royal, Comédie Française, Centre George Pompidou... In an ideal place to enjoy the city, I'll be glad to welcome you! The room is located in the Halles district, in the heart of Paris, right next to the Louvre Museum and the Seine River. The flat is located on the 5th floor, with elevator, in a nice XIXth century building, and about 65/70 m2. As for Châtelet and Musée du Louvre, they are just across the street ! Otherwise, you can take the subway, it is 4/5 minutes walking (lines : 3, 4, 1, 14, 7, and RER, A, B, D). Both airport Charles de Gaulle/Orly are directly passing through Les Halles-Chatelet stations. The station is 4 minutes walking away. Numerous nearby Bus lines allow to go easily in various places of the city. I am very pleased to welcome people, form anywhere, and I will be glad to show you around my district, and tell you about the city. I will be living in the flat, but as I
15197	Lovely 45 Sqm 1 bedroom apartment offering 2 terraces overlooking beautiful parisian roofs. Fully renewed beginning of 2014, this standing apartment is furnished with quality materials, nice decoration & fully equipped. It features a nice cosy living room with fully equipped kitchen, table for 4 and soba bed open on a beautiful terrace perfect for lunch or enjoying sun. The bedroom is also opened on his own private terrace and let a lot of light coming in. The bathromm is equipped with a shower cabin, toilets and bidet. Large wardrobe in the access corridor. The apartment belongs to a standing buiding which was before a luxury hotel and who offers a large lobby, concierge 7/7, and 2 large modern lifts. Public transportation are very convenient to go everywhere you like in very short time. Sheets and linen are provided. 	Elegant cosy 1 bedroom apartment fully renewed & equipped with nice terraces overlooking Paris roofs, in a standing building, a stone's throw from Opéra, shopping Malls and 10 minutes from Champs-Élysée Avenue. Perfect nest in heart of lively Paris  Lovely 45 Sqm 1 bedroom apartment offering 2 terraces overlooking beautiful parisian roofs. Fully renewed beginning of 2014, this standing apartment is furnished with quality materials, nice decoration & fully equipped. It features a nice cosy living room with fully equipped kitchen, table for 4 and soba bed open on a beautiful terrace perfect for lunch or enjoying sun. The bedroom is also opened on his own private terrace and let a lot of light coming in. The bathromm is equipped with a shower cabin, toilets and bidet. Large wardrobe in the access corridor. The apartment belongs to a standing buiding which was before a luxury hotel and who offers a large lobby, concierge 7/7, and 2 large modern lifts. Public transportation are very conveni
15198	L'emplacement rend le studio exceptionnel. Le quartier de Montorgueil est réputé pour l'animation des commerçants et des restaurants. Malgré tout l'appartement est très calme. Il a été repeint et décoré avec soin. Il est très agréable à vivre pour 1 ou 2 personnes.	Studio (20 m2) très lumineux en plein coeur de Paris dans le quartier piéton et commerçant de Montorgueil. Refait à neuf et très calme, donnant sur une cour intérieure. Cuisine entièrement équipée, canapé convertible très confortable. L'emplacement rend le studio exceptionnel. Le quartier de Montorgueil est réputé pour l'animation des commerçants et des restaurants. Malgré tout l'appartement est très calme. Il a été repeint et décoré avec soin. Il est très agréable à vivre pour 1 ou 2 personnes. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec un digicode et une grille sur la deuxième (website hidden) vous laissez pas impressionner par les 7 étages qui sont en réalité très faciles à monter. Je serais présente sur les lieux pour vous accueillir et vous donner les bonnes adresses du quartier ! Si vous aimez vous balader dans des rues piétonnes pleines de boutiques atypiques et tendances, si vous aimez dîner en terrasse dans une atmosphère animée ou si vous voulez vous préparer un bon déjeuner en achetant de
15199		Wide, clean and bright 57m2 great view Big living/bdr/kitchen/shower/WC M Châtelet: line 7, 4, 1, 14, B, A. Direct airports (40 min) and train stations (15) Shopping, restaurants, 1 min to rue de Rivoli et Seine river & 3 min to Pompidou Museum
15200	In the heart of Paris Between Opera and Royal Palace, in a secured Passageway of the 18th century. This apartment of 40m ² situated on the first floor without elevator, onto the Passageway, has been just completely refurbished, and decorated with taste. It Is composed of a bedroom with a comfortable double bed, a living room with an american kitchen fully equipped  and a new double sofa bed. It also have a dining room area with table and chairs for 4 persons, and a separated bathroom / toilet with a big bathtub shower. The apartment does have Wifi internet connection and cable TV. Just a stroll away from the Garden if the Royal Palace, Tuileries Gardens and the museum of the Louvre, the Avenue of the Opera and the place des Victoires, close to any conveniences, restaurants, cafes, shops and grocer's shops open until 1 am in the morning, its situation is an ideal place to discover and take advantage of Paris.	In the heart of Paris Between Opera and Royal Palace, in a secured Passageway of the 18th century. This apartment of 40m ² situated on the first floor without elevator, onto the Passageway, has been just completely refurbished, and decorated with taste. It Is composed of a bedroom with a comfortable double bed, a living room with an american kitchen fully equipped  and a new double sofa bed. It also have a dining room area with table and chairs for 4 persons, and a separated bathroom / toilet with a big bathtub shower. The apartment does have Wifi internet connection and cable TV. Just a stroll away from the Garden if the Royal Palace, Tuileries Gardens and the museum of the Louvre, the Avenue of the Opera and the place des Victoires, close to any conveniences, restaurants, cafes, shops and grocer's shops open until 1 am in the morning, its situation is an ideal place to discover and take advantage of Paris. At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the fl
15201	This is a unique luxury loft redesigned and completed by a well-known Italian architect. It's located in Paris' most central district, the 1st arrondissement. Walking distance (5 minutes) from museums, hip restaurants, clubs, monuments, supermarkets and movie theatres. 	This 80 square meter open loft with private garden terrace, has been designed from the ground up by a well-known Italian architect. It's located in the heart of Paris, five minutes from Notre Dame, the Pompidou Center and the Louvre museum.     This is a unique luxury loft redesigned and completed by a well-known Italian architect. It's located in Paris' most central district, the 1st arrondissement. Walking distance (5 minutes) from museums, hip restaurants, clubs, monuments, supermarkets and movie theatres. You have access to everything in the loft. Please contact our house manager, Mark ((phone number hidden)) a day before you arrive to set up your check-in. He is available via AIRBNB email, SMS, or phone for any questions, problems or just to point you in the direction of a great coffee place. Check-in/Checkout may be flexible if there are no guests before or after you. For check-in past eight pm, there will be an extra fee upon arrival. Past midnight is double. This is the BEST pl
15202	The apartment is located on the 6th floor with elevator, in a beautiful building . It is oriented east / west and it is quiet and bright. It has a main room with a double sofa bed , a fully-equipped kitchen - dishwasher , washing machine , Nespresso - a bathroom with bathtub, a separate toilet . The building is secured with two digicodes and an intercom with camera. The living room has a beautiful library filled with literary and artistic works .	A charming studio in a luxury building in a quiet street, near the Louvre! . Ideally located in the « golden triangle » of the capital, you will be a five-minute walk from the main attractions of Paris ! The apartment is located on the 6th floor with elevator, in a beautiful building . It is oriented east / west and it is quiet and bright. It has a main room with a double sofa bed , a fully-equipped kitchen - dishwasher , washing machine , Nespresso - a bathroom with bathtub, a separate toilet . The building is secured with two digicodes and an intercom with camera. The living room has a beautiful library filled with literary and artistic works . The first district is one of the finest in Paris , and is suitable for every possible activities dear to vacationers , from shopping rue de Rivoli to visiting museums within walking distance from the apartment – The Louvre and Pompidou Center , through countless walks along the Seine ... You will have access to all Parisian tourist sites thank
15203	Charmant Studio en plein coeur de Paris ! Dans un immeuble de 17 siècle, au 6ème étage(sans ascenseur), porte d'entrée équipée de CODE. Sur une rue piétonne, bordée de restaurants,boutiques,caves à vin, boulangeries, fromageries et pleins d'autres commerces. Tout près de la célèbre église Saint-Eustache, quelques minutes à pied de BEAUBOURG - Musée d'art contemporain, ainsi du LOUVRE, NOTRE DAME etc... Stations de métro autour : Les Halles Châtelet (RER A, B, D, lignes 1, 4, 5, 7, 11), Sentier (ligne 3),  et Velib (vélos) pour les sportifs. L'appartement est équipe de : - 1 salon - 1 cuisinette avec la vaisselle et outils nécessaires, frigo - 1 salle de douche et toilettes séparées - 1 lit - 1 mezzanine avec la possibilité de couchage - draps et linges fournis. IL EST STRICTEMENT INTERDIT DE FUMER DANS L'APPARTEMENT !!!  30 € sera demander pour les frais de nettoyage. Si vous avez des question, n'hésitez pas à me contacter. A bientôt à Paris Olga 	"Charming Studio in the heart of Paris! In a 17th century building on the 6th floor (no lift) door équipéé CODE. On a pedestrian street lined with restaurants, shops, wineries, bakeries, dairies and many other shops.  Close to the famous church Saint-Eustache, a few minutes walk from BEAUBOURG - Museum of Contemporary Art and the LOUVRE, NOTRE DAME etc ...  Metro stations around: Châtelet -Les Halles (RER A, B, D, line 1, 4, 5, 7, 11), Sentier (line 3), and Velib (bicycles) for ""athletes"".  The apartment is team:  - 1 living room  - 1 kitchenette with dishes and tools nécessaies, fridge  - 1 bathroom with shower and separate toilet  - 1 bed  - 1 Mezzanin Allow bed  - Bed linen and towels provided  No rentals less than 3 night.  30 € will ask for the cost of cleaning.  If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me.  See you in Paris  Olga "
15204	 My studio, 24m2, is located at the very center of Paris between Louvre, Opera & Pl Vendome. The street is just at the corner of Place Marche du St Honore. The metro lines 1,3,14 and all the major bus lines are nearby. It is designed with a modern  touch. Damage Deposit is required for 1 month+ rentals.  	My studio is located at the very center of Paris between Louvre, Opera & Pl Vendome. The street is just at the corner of Place Marche du St Honore. The metro lines 1,3,14 and all the major bus lines are nearby. It is designed with a modern  touch. Damage Deposit is required for 1 month+ rentals. 
15205	Comfortable private room with view on a large calm Parisien court yard, bright with view on the sky .  Wooden floor with Persian carpets, book shelve and cozy reading corner in front of the window. Double bed, comfortable matrass 140x188cm.   The bath room is next to the room, it has a bath tub and WC.  Suitable for two guests Available in the room:  -central heating -fan ( if required) -Rack and hangers  -large space in cupboard  -book shelve and seating place for two  -night table - curtains - bed sheets and blankets  -iron and ironing table available in the room -Water bottle Available in the bath room:  -Towels -shampoo -soap -basic products -hair dryer -towel heater ( in the season when the central heating is working, not available from june to October) -new toothbrush ( if required)  -disposable razor	Very central the private room is calm and bright with a window onto a large rear court yard.  Beautiful spacious and luxurious apartment with traditional hausmannien structure and modern furniture and decoration. Comfortable private room with view on a large calm Parisien court yard, bright with view on the sky .  Wooden floor with Persian carpets, book shelve and cozy reading corner in front of the window. Double bed, comfortable matrass 140x188cm.   The bath room is next to the room, it has a bath tub and WC.  Suitable for two guests Available in the room:  -central heating -fan ( if required) -Rack and hangers  -large space in cupboard  -book shelve and seating place for two  -night table - curtains - bed sheets and blankets  -iron and ironing table available in the room -Water bottle Available in the bath room:  -Towels -shampoo -soap -basic products -hair dryer -towel heater ( in the season when the central heating is working, not available from june to October) -new toothbrush ( 
15206	My studio is very bright and cozy. It is best suitable for a couple enjoying a romantic trip to Paris. However, everyone is welcome! 	This bright and spacious studio is at the very heart of Paris! EVERYTHING is in walking distance: Louvre, Notre Dame, Galeries Lafayette, Champs Elysees... It is located on the 6th floor inside a quiet courtyard. 3 metro stops and MANY shops nearby. My studio is very bright and cozy. It is best suitable for a couple enjoying a romantic trip to Paris. However, everyone is welcome!  The apartment is fully equipped:  Flatscreen TV Dishwasher Washing Machine Fully-equipped kitchen  Small sofa (not foldable) Double bed Bathroom with shower Towels and Bedding included The location of the studio is unbeatable! All the main sights are walkable. Especially in the summertime I love to chill out in the gardens of the Louvre (drinking wine and eating cheese) or taking a stroll in le jardin des Tuileries.  It is located on the main shopping street. The famous VIP club is literally next door (not even 3m away) and yet it's very quiet (no noise from the club or the street) as the apartment is inside 
15207	Very beautiful flat, very confortable, ideally located in the very center of Paris, at Châtelet-les Halles. The apartment is spacious, contemporary, very pleasant with a lofty roof and apparent wooden beams.  It is at the 3d floor of an historical building and the lift is from the 1st floor.  There is a spacious living-room with a sofa convertible in bed for 1 or 2 persons, with kitchen, a bedroom with a king-size bed in a mezzanine, a small room with 2 small beds for children (1,70 m), a bathroom with bathtub and toilets.  Gorgeous view on the Innocents Fountain from the bedroom.	Great apartment located in the very heart of Paris (Châtelet-les-Halles), ideal for a couple and 2 young children (less than 10 years old). Very beautiful flat, very confortable, ideally located in the very center of Paris, at Châtelet-les Halles. The apartment is spacious, contemporary, very pleasant with a lofty roof and apparent wooden beams.  It is at the 3d floor of an historical building and the lift is from the 1st floor.  There is a spacious living-room with a sofa convertible in bed for 1 or 2 persons, with kitchen, a bedroom with a king-size bed in a mezzanine, a small room with 2 small beds for children (1,70 m), a bathroom with bathtub and toilets.  Gorgeous view on the Innocents Fountain from the bedroom. We live in the district of Châtelet-Les-Halles in the very center of Paris. From our home, you can walk to the Louvre Museum, to the Georges Pompidou Museum, to the Garden of the Tuileries, to Saint-Michel, to Notre-Dame, to the districts of Montorgueil and Marais, to The
15208	In the heart of the 7th district, right next to the Seine and to the Musée d'Orsay, this flat sits at the best possible location if you want to visit Paris. Located on the ground floor and yet totally calm since in an elegant courtyard, it is the perfect fit for a couple or a family of up to four.  The flat is made of one bedroom with a double bed, one bathroom with a shower and toilets, one entrance, and one main room with a kitchen side and a living-room side, both being separated by a bar.  The location is ideal if you want to visit the city : you can go to most interesting spots on foot or with a direct ride through the metro.  Musée d'Orsay is one minute away from the house. The Louvre and the Tuileries garden are just across the river, 5 minutes away walking. Saint-Germain is a 10 minutes walk. The Eiffel tower is a 20-minute walk, or you could prefer a 10 minutes bike ride thanks to Vélib, the rental system of the Paris area. Saint-Michel, Montmartre, the Eiffel Tower again and 	This comfortable, super-quiet and ideally located flat in the center of Paris is the best possible spot for a holiday in the city. You'll have easy access to all the interesting places while enjoying a clean, comfortable and true Parisian apartment. In the heart of the 7th district, right next to the Seine and to the Musée d'Orsay, this flat sits at the best possible location if you want to visit Paris. Located on the ground floor and yet totally calm since in an elegant courtyard, it is the perfect fit for a couple or a family of up to four.  The flat is made of one bedroom with a double bed, one bathroom with a shower and toilets, one entrance, and one main room with a kitchen side and a living-room side, both being separated by a bar.  The location is ideal if you want to visit the city : you can go to most interesting spots on foot or with a direct ride through the metro.  Musée d'Orsay is one minute away from the house. The Louvre and the Tuileries garden are just across the river
15209	The apartment allows you to find peace after a hectic day in Paris but just set foot outside to find themselves in the heart of all significant distractions offered by this wonderful city of Paris. The apartment is at the center provides access to tourist sites very easily and even do everything by walk.  The Louvre is the end of the street from the bridge of arts with easy access to the area of St Germain des Prés and also 10 minutes from the island of the city. 	Lovely apartment near the Louvre Museum in central of Paris.  Parisian neighborhood with great bakery, brewery, bars...  Enjoy life in Paris in the nearby tourist areas!!! The apartment allows you to find peace after a hectic day in Paris but just set foot outside to find themselves in the heart of all significant distractions offered by this wonderful city of Paris. The apartment is at the center provides access to tourist sites very easily and even do everything by walk.  The Louvre is the end of the street from the bridge of arts with easy access to the area of St Germain des Prés and also 10 minutes from the island of the city.  The area is very touristy but still very busy with many typical and many traders neighborhood Parisian brasserie.  The lively pedestrian district of Montorgueil is a 5 minute walk and offers many restaurants, bars, pubs, shops and shopping district (bakery, deli, fish, supermarket ...)  The apartment is located between the metro stations Les Halles and Pala
15210	Apartment to rent in Paris of 50 m2 that has been recently renovated. It has one large living room with a very comfortable sofabed, allowing two additional people to sleep here, and a table that is able to accomodate up to 6 guests. The kitchen is separated and entirely equipped. The bedroom has two single beds which can be brought closer to form a double bed. The bathroom of the Paris rental has a very nice, large shower and is independently accessible from the bedroom and the living room, as is the toilet. The Paris rental apartment gets an high speed Internet connection and a computer. By renting this jewel of the Paris apartments, you are in an exceptional location which is, according to us, the most beautiful in the city.	By renting this jewel of the Paris apartments, you are in an exceptional location which is truly the most beautiful in the city. A small retreat from the usual crowds and tourists, it has artistic history. Apartment to rent in Paris of 50 m2 that has been recently renovated. It has one large living room with a very comfortable sofabed, allowing two additional people to sleep here, and a table that is able to accomodate up to 6 guests. The kitchen is separated and entirely equipped. The bedroom has two single beds which can be brought closer to form a double bed. The bathroom of the Paris rental has a very nice, large shower and is independently accessible from the bedroom and the living room, as is the toilet. The Paris rental apartment gets an high speed Internet connection and a computer. By renting this jewel of the Paris apartments, you are in an exceptional location which is, according to us, the most beautiful in the city. The Place Dauphine is a small and quaint little residenti
15211	Appartement très fonctionnel et tout équipé dans un superbe immeuble en plein centre de Paris.  Traversant. Chambre exposée nord-est. Séjour exposé sud-ouest.  3ème (grand) étage sans ascenseur. Pour ceux que la lumière du jour dérange le matin : pas de volet ni de rideau, mais des masques à disposition !	2 pièces. 1 chambre avec 1 lit 2 places et 1 canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon. Très calme. Très lumineux. Vue dégagée. Idéalement situé en plein cœur de Paris, dans le deuxième arrondissement, à deux pas du jardin du Palais Royal. Appartement très fonctionnel et tout équipé dans un superbe immeuble en plein centre de Paris.  Traversant. Chambre exposée nord-est. Séjour exposé sud-ouest.  3ème (grand) étage sans ascenseur. Pour ceux que la lumière du jour dérange le matin : pas de volet ni de rideau, mais des masques à disposition ! Je ne serai pas toujours à Paris lors de votre séjour mais il y aura toujours quelqu'un pour vous accueillir et vous renseigner en cas de besoin. Le quartier est parfait ! En plein centre de Paris, proche des métros (Bourse, Palais Royal-Musée du Louvre et Pyramides), du musée du Louvre, des jardins du Palais Royal et des Halles, de la rue Etienne Marcel, des Grands Boulevards, etc. Il y a une boulangerie et un petit supermarché à deux pas ainsi que de nomb
15212		Adorable Paris studio apartment beautifully decorated in 2013. The location is great - right in the heart of the city, 1 min walk from the Louvre Museum. 13 square meters. 5th floor with elevator. Internet, TV, washing machine.
15213		Le coq heron est un studio de 25 m2 pouvant accueillir 2 voyageurs. Il dispose d'une situation exceptionnel au coeur de Paris.Cet appartement ravira tous les amoureux de Paris.
15214	161 sq ft neat studio in the very center of Paris with kitchen, shower and toilets.   A sofa bed and a bed so the studio can accommodate up to 4 persons but I think it is best for one or two people given its surface area !	15m2 studio in the very heart of Paris. Has two beds: can accomodate up to four people. With kitchen and toilets. Close to line 1 (2min, metro station Louvre Rivoli), line 7 (2min from Palais Royal), lines 4, 11, 14; RER A, B, D (3min from Châtelet)
15215	The apartment is located on the uppermost floor of a remarkably renovated hôtel particulier of the 18th century, with a lift and a cozy private courtyard. This quiet and sunny 2-level apartment (50 sq meters) is nestled under Paris roofs. It is fully equipped and tastefully decorated. With 1 bedroom (queen size bed) and 1 bathroom, the apartment fits perfectly for a couple. You will just have to unpack to feel like home. 	Perfectly located in the center of the Vieux Paris, this 538 sq ft-apartment will allow you to experience a chic and lively Paris. The 2-level apartment with 3 rooms will offer you charming, comfortable and quiet accommodations. Subway is 100m away.  The apartment is located on the uppermost floor of a remarkably renovated hôtel particulier of the 18th century, with a lift and a cozy private courtyard. This quiet and sunny 2-level apartment (50 sq meters) is nestled under Paris roofs. It is fully equipped and tastefully decorated. With 1 bedroom (queen size bed) and 1 bathroom, the apartment fits perfectly for a couple. You will just have to unpack to feel like home. Rue Montorgueil is a vibrant pedestrian street that will allow you experience a chic and lively Paris. This commerce street offers a wide choice of food shops, cafés, bars, restaurants and fashion boutiques diverse enough to please hipsters and traditionalists alike. The apartment is a 2-minute walk from the Métro (Les 
15216	All comfort and fully equipped apartment situated in the 4th floor and the top floor of a building situated from the 16th century located behind the Louvre, a few steps away from the Pont Neuf, from the royal  palace, The eglise  of saint Germain l' Auxerrois ,le Musée du Louvre., les halles. street st honored famous for its shopping. The flat is exactly as shown on the pictures you can see. Consisted of 2 Bedrooms with double beds and a  mezzanine equipped with a bed  of 140  Huge Flat Screen, IPOD station for Iphone 4, Heat by electricity free WIFI We reach the apartment by stairs , theres no (website hidden) flat is very quiet and bright ideal to rest after day shopping, visit of museums or to rest  Parisian nights. Every kind of shopping around: bakery, butcher's shop, grocers, wine bar, caterers, hairdresser, the biggest cinema of Europe in the forum of Les Halles, swimming pool of Les Halles Everything to appreciate  your Parisian stay	The flat is in the heart of Paris . Its as peacefull than full of light. Its fully equipped as if it was yours so that you can enjoy a peacefull and confortable stay. Its possible to be from 1 to 6 people All comfort and fully equipped apartment situated in the 4th floor and the top floor of a building situated from the 16th century located behind the Louvre, a few steps away from the Pont Neuf, from the royal  palace, The eglise  of saint Germain l' Auxerrois ,le Musée du Louvre., les halles. street st honored famous for its shopping. The flat is exactly as shown on the pictures you can see. Consisted of 2 Bedrooms with double beds and a  mezzanine equipped with a bed  of 140  Huge Flat Screen, IPOD station for Iphone 4, Heat by electricity free WIFI We reach the apartment by stairs , theres no (website hidden) flat is very quiet and bright ideal to rest after day shopping, visit of museums or to rest  Parisian nights. Every kind of shopping around: bakery, butcher's shop, grocers, wi
15217	The flat is very well located, in the heart of Paris (Les Halles and Montorgueil areas).  The apartment is on the 5th floor, there is no elevator. The flat is a 55m2 atypical flat The format is as follows: - A fully equipped kitchen  with a refrigerator, a microwave, an electric cooker, a kitchen oven, and coffee  maker. - A bathroom with a bath, a toilet, 2 wash basins, a washmachine and dryer. - A bed room with a tatami bed  for 2 persons. - A living room with a big sofa bed - fully equipment for new born child Cet appartement est a l'avant dernier étage d'un immeuble typique parisien avec vue sur les toits et façades haussmaniennes.  Le quartier est l'un des plus populaire et des plus animés de la capitale.  L'appartement a beaucoup de cachet et se compose d'une chambre ouverte sur salon (un petit passage sépare la chambre du salon) d'une cuisine équipée et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Les pièces sont spacieuses et confortables.  Vous pourrez y dormir sur un futon japonais 2 	In the heart of Paris, you can walk to the Louvre museum, notre Dame, the Seine River or Hôtel de Ville. Ce 2pièces atypique vous séduira par son emplacement exceptionnel. proximité immédiate des Halles et tout est accessible à pieds: Notre Dame, d'hôtel de Ville, le Louvre l'opéra. The flat is very well located, in the heart of Paris (Les Halles and Montorgueil areas).  The apartment is on the 5th floor, there is no elevator. The flat is a 55m2 atypical flat The format is as follows: - A fully equipped kitchen  with a refrigerator, a microwave, an electric cooker, a kitchen oven, and coffee  maker. - A bathroom with a bath, a toilet, 2 wash basins, a washmachine and dryer. - A bed room with a tatami bed  for 2 persons. - A living room with a big sofa bed - fully equipment for new born child Cet appartement est a l'avant dernier étage d'un immeuble typique parisien avec vue sur les toits et façades haussmaniennes.  Le quartier est l'un des plus populaire et des plus animés de la capita
15218	This nice flat is located at the last floor of a typical Parisian Building. It is very bright with its large roof windows, two large size rooms, a diner table with a dining room corner to eat at 8 people, cosy lounge corner with fireplace. 2 bedrooms, 2 bath and one shower, with 3 toilets, a full equipped kitchen, with microwave, oven, cooktop, stove, american fridge, two small balconies are accessible, air conditioning in all rooms	This nice flat is located at the last floor of a luxury building few steps from Tuileries, Palais Royal, Louvre. Idealy located at the last floor with balconies and large windows 2 big bedroom, 3 bathroom, sofa bed in the lounge, all equipped kitchen This nice flat is located at the last floor of a typical Parisian Building. It is very bright with its large roof windows, two large size rooms, a diner table with a dining room corner to eat at 8 people, cosy lounge corner with fireplace. 2 bedrooms, 2 bath and one shower, with 3 toilets, a full equipped kitchen, with microwave, oven, cooktop, stove, american fridge, two small balconies are accessible, air conditioning in all rooms You will have the whole place for you until 6 people, ideal for big families I shall be available for you to give you my best spots around since I have been living there for 30 years Ideal location in the very center of Paris, Walking distance to  Tuileries, Louvre, Concorde, Pyramide (5 min) Marais, Notre Dame
15219	A haven of peace in the lively heart of Paris.  Ideally situated at the heart of the historic center of Paris, this very quiet two rooms apartment is a real haven of peace for your stay in the city of light, at a walking distance from the main attractions of the city (the Louvre, the Marrais, the Montourgueil  area with it’s trendy shops and restaurants, etc.).  Far from the noise of cars, in the pedestrian district of les Halles, this quite equipped, comfortable and welcoming apartment, will allow you to get fresh ideas after your days of discovery.  In the heart of the 1st arrondissement, I’d love to welcome you to my cosy one bedroom apartment with all accommodations.  You will find renting an apartment is an alternative to a hotel. With use of a kitchen, free WIFI internet, free long-distance calls home, music through airplay and more,  a hotel can't compare!  On the first floor (without elevator) on a quiet, standing and flowery courtyard of a 1820 typical and nice building, this 	A haven of peace in the lively heart of Paris.  Ideally situated at the heart of the historic center of Paris, this very quiet two rooms apartment is a real haven of peace for your stay in the city of light, at a walking distance from the main attractions of the city (the Louvre, the Marrais, the Montourgueil  area with it’s trendy shops and restaurants, etc.).  Far from the noise of cars, in the pedestrian district of les Halles, this quite equipped, comfortable and welcoming apartment, will allow you to get fresh ideas after your days of discovery.  In the heart of the 1st arrondissement, I’d love to welcome you to my cosy one bedroom apartment with all accommodations.  You will find renting an apartment is an alternative to a hotel. With use of a kitchen, free WIFI internet, free long-distance calls home, music through airplay and more,  a hotel can't compare!  On the first floor (without elevator) on a quiet, standing and flowery courtyard of a 1820 typical and nice building, this 
15220	Lovely studio in the very heart of Paris, five minutes walking from The Louvre Museum, The Tuilleries Garden, The Seine river, The Centre Georges Pompidou. You will find nice restaurants and bars nearby. The studio offers a main room with a bed-sofa for two. Coffee machine, micro wave,fridge, electric kettle. A large balcony on which you can have breakfast or lunch, a table and two chairs. Nice view on the rooftops of Paris. There is no kitchen but you can cook summary dinners and nice breakfast . In fact you have nice restaurants and everything you need in the very near area. The studio is at the 5th floor without lift.  The bathroom is very nice, large with a beautiful bath, toilet ,  nicely arranged with mosaic and antic ceramics. This is THE place for a long week-end. Minimum stay 3 nights 	Lovely studio in the very heart of Paris, five minutes walking from The Louvre Museum, The Tuilleries Garden, The Seine river, The Centre Georges Pompidou. You will find nice restaurants and bars nearby. The studio offers a main room with a bed-sofa for two. Coffee machine, micro wave,fridge, electric kettle. A large balcony on which you can have breakfast or lunch, a table and two chairs. Nice view on the rooftops of Paris. There is no kitchen but you can cook summary dinners and nice breakfast . In fact you have nice restaurants and everything you need in the very near area. The studio is at the 5th floor without lift.  The bathroom is very nice, large with a beautiful bath, toilet ,  nicely arranged with mosaic and antic ceramics. This is THE place for a long week-end. Minimum stay 3 nights The neighborhood is very animated, lot of cafés and nice restaurants. Supermarket and organic grocery at less than 50 meters. 5 to 15 min walking from the Louvre and the Seine river, Notre Dame C
15221	My cozy and well-appointed Apt is located in the heart of bustling central Paris! It has a separate bedroom & bathroom Comfortable, safe and clean, the apartment can fit up to 2 people and is just steps away from the world-famous Musée du Louvre, Palais Royal or Jardins des Tuileries with easy access to most subways lines. - Living Room bright with flat screen TV and corner sofa - Full Eat-in-Kitchen - Toaster, Microwave, Pots, Pans, Dishes, Coffee, Tea, Cereal, Milk and some cooking items (oil, vinegar, etc) - Full Bathroom with shower - Clean Towels and linens provided - Free Wifi internet access - Wireless IPOD docking station BOSE - Bedroom feature two large windows that open up South to Rue Coquillière and has abundant natural light. It includes a true full size bed with sumptuous bedding. The modern interior is clean, minimal, and comfortable, done in calming neutral palette with industrial accent. The apartment is on the 4th floor but there is a small elevator: good to know if y	A cozy private apartment with a separate bedroom, for 2 persons. Local attractions: Louvre Museum, Palais Royal, Place des Victoires and Georges Pompidou Center 5 min away. 34sq My cozy and well-appointed Apt is located in the heart of bustling central Paris! It has a separate bedroom & bathroom Comfortable, safe and clean, the apartment can fit up to 2 people and is just steps away from the world-famous Musée du Louvre, Palais Royal or Jardins des Tuileries with easy access to most subways lines. - Living Room bright with flat screen TV and corner sofa - Full Eat-in-Kitchen - Toaster, Microwave, Pots, Pans, Dishes, Coffee, Tea, Cereal, Milk and some cooking items (oil, vinegar, etc) - Full Bathroom with shower - Clean Towels and linens provided - Free Wifi internet access - Wireless IPOD docking station BOSE - Bedroom feature two large windows that open up South to Rue Coquillière and has abundant natural light. It includes a true full size bed with sumptuous bedding. The modern inter
15222	" ....C'est la vie ... A Paris !!! My appartment ""Paris Suite Dreams"" welcomes you in Paris with open arms.... mixing both modern & romantic design, the tone is set ! All decorated with Lilac, silver and Taupe gray colour shades furnishing, Paris Suite Dreams makes you instantly feel relaxed at home.  Located on the 2nd floor of the building in a no- through street , next to the amazing Saint Eustache church, the appart is one of the most quiet you can get in the area. SLEEPING ! The appartment Has a bedroom with 1 king size bed (160x200cm) for 2 persons. The sofa in the living room is also made to be used as a bed for 1 person, ( 90x200cm) and it is very confortable. VISITING ! As you will be right in the heart of Paris you will  be close to everything ! - Louvre Museum 650m - Beaubourg museum of Art 300m - Quais de Seine 10 minutes walk - Palais Royal 10 min walk - Le Marais 15 min walk - St Germain des prés 20 min walk - Sacré coeur 15min by Metro - Champs Elysée 15 min by metro - To"	"PRESTIGE APPARTMENT      40sqm - Up to 3 p. Free wifi Exceptionnal location right in the heart of Paris Quiet place in a lively area. Metro,Shops & Restaurants at foot of building.  Le Louvre, Palais Royal, Beaubourg are at walking distance.    ....C'est la vie ... A Paris !!! My appartment ""Paris Suite Dreams"" welcomes you in Paris with open arms.... mixing both modern & romantic design, the tone is set ! All decorated with Lilac, silver and Taupe gray colour shades furnishing, Paris Suite Dreams makes you instantly feel relaxed at home.  Located on the 2nd floor of the building in a no- through street , next to the amazing Saint Eustache church, the appart is one of the most quiet you can get in the area. SLEEPING ! The appartment Has a bedroom with 1 king size bed (160x200cm) for 2 persons. The sofa in the living room is also made to be used as a bed for 1 person, ( 90x200cm) and it is very confortable. VISITING ! As you will be right in the heart of Paris you will  be close to ever"
15223	One bedroom apartment composed of a living area with a large and comfortable sofa, a convertible dining table, and open kitchen. Fully equiped, you won't need anything while you're here; Crockery, gas hob and oven, refrigerator, coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine and storage space. One private bedroom will welcome you. Separated toilets. The bathroom is wide and comfortable.	Brand new refurbished and renovated 1 bedroom and bathroom apartment located on rue d'Argenteuil, 1st district. 42 square meters, with a capacity of 2-3 people. One bedroom apartment composed of a living area with a large and comfortable sofa, a convertible dining table, and open kitchen. Fully equiped, you won't need anything while you're here; Crockery, gas hob and oven, refrigerator, coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine and storage space. One private bedroom will welcome you. Separated toilets. The bathroom is wide and comfortable. the whole apartment If you have any problems in your apartment during your stay, we have an operational team who can help you in the shortest time. Very well located in the center of Paris. The famous Avenue de l'Opera neighbors the apartment, le Jardin des Tuileries is just a few steps away. You will enjoy luxurious and trendy shops (Colette, Chantal Thomas, Place Vendôme etc..), Also markets and monuments such as the Louvre Museum, the famous bri
15224	Very bright single room apartment in the centre of Paris, in the 1st arrondissement, very close to the river the Seine and all the touristic places such as the Louvre, Tuileries, Concorde, Notre-Dame, Hôtel-de-Ville, Le Marais, Odéon. In the heart of the neighborhood of Châtelet-Les Halles, the very nerve centre of the capital, easy to reach by any mean of transportation (Metro/RER: Châtelet-Les Halles) 10min from the train stations Montparnasse/Saint Lazare/Est/Nord or 30min from the airports Charles de Gaulle or Orly. 4th floor (without elevator), single room apartment with period parquet, fireplace and mirror, open kitchen and shower with wc. Wi-fi very high debit (Fibre), cable TV (lot of foreign channels), sound system, oven microwave, induction plate, fridge, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine,  washer, dryer, table, chairs, iron, hair dryer. Provided: -Toilet set (towels, shower gel, shampoo, cotton bud, cotton pads, toilet paper). -Staple (coffe, tea, rice, pastas, condiments...	Very bright studio in the center of paris (1st arrondissement). Cute little street, 20m from the river La Seine. Perfect place for a couple or job stay ! Very bright single room apartment in the centre of Paris, in the 1st arrondissement, very close to the river the Seine and all the touristic places such as the Louvre, Tuileries, Concorde, Notre-Dame, Hôtel-de-Ville, Le Marais, Odéon. In the heart of the neighborhood of Châtelet-Les Halles, the very nerve centre of the capital, easy to reach by any mean of transportation (Metro/RER: Châtelet-Les Halles) 10min from the train stations Montparnasse/Saint Lazare/Est/Nord or 30min from the airports Charles de Gaulle or Orly. 4th floor (without elevator), single room apartment with period parquet, fireplace and mirror, open kitchen and shower with wc. Wi-fi very high debit (Fibre), cable TV (lot of foreign channels), sound system, oven microwave, induction plate, fridge, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine,  washer, dryer, table, chairs, iron
15225	1st Floor with elavator or by stair, 2 rooms with 2 doublebeds for 4pers. and 1 sleeping sofa bed for 2pers.extra single bed.upon request-max.7 or 8pers.) TV set, Wi-Fi,  kettle, coffee maker, washing machine, oven, toaster.,1 bathtub, 1toilet,  in the kitchen we often have some coffee,some jasmin tea,in the fridge :few eggs ,milk ,water and bread for your breakfast  (don't hesitate if we forget something when we prepare the house) car parking 17e per day in an other area  Keep everything in a good shape please,don't forget to switch off the light ,  we are flexible for check in and check out time,when you make a short renting of one day we charge 30e ,we have metro line  1 and 7 ,14  ,buses(phone number hidden)..	we are in a good location50m fromCOLETTE 100m from metro tuileries ,rue st honore ,few minutes from LOUVRE museum ,OPERA theater  when it is possible we can provide a third room for a big family  30e a day,for short renting of one day we charge 30e , 1st Floor with elavator or by stair, 2 rooms with 2 doublebeds for 4pers. and 1 sleeping sofa bed for 2pers.extra single bed.upon request-max.7 or 8pers.) TV set, Wi-Fi,  kettle, coffee maker, washing machine, oven, toaster.,1 bathtub, 1toilet,  in the kitchen we often have some coffee,some jasmin tea,in the fridge :few eggs ,milk ,water and bread for your breakfast  (don't hesitate if we forget something when we prepare the house) car parking 17e per day in an other area  Keep everything in a good shape please,don't forget to switch off the light ,  we are flexible for check in and check out time,when you make a short renting of one day we charge 30e ,we have metro line  1 and 7 ,14  ,buses(phone number hidden).. Daily  Hospitallity of se
15226	Appartement soigné ! Avec beaucoup de charme. 2ème étage avec ascenseur et porte d'entrée sécurisée. 2 chambres avec lit double, placards. Grande salle de bains avec baignoire et grande vasque. Salle à manger et salon avec canapé confortable + 2 fauteuils. Téléviseur très grand écran. Cuisine aménagée ultra moderne avec lave vaisselle et lave linge/sèche linge. Chauffage électrique. Une occasion de passer un séjour confortable et inoubliable dans un super quartier ! Accès internet wifi. Draps de lit et serviettes fournis. Cuisine toute équipée refaite il y'a 1an. 	Appartement soigné ! Avec beaucoup de charme. 2ème étage avec ascenseur et porte d'entrée sécurisée. 2 chambres avec lit double, placards. Grande salle de bains avec baignoire et grande vasque. Salle à manger et salon avec canapé confortable + 2 fauteuils. Téléviseur très grand écran. Cuisine aménagée ultra moderne avec lave vaisselle et lave linge/sèche linge. Chauffage électrique. Une occasion de passer un séjour confortable et inoubliable dans un super quartier ! Accès internet wifi. Draps de lit et serviettes fournis. Cuisine toute équipée refaite il y'a 1an. Closest subway stations are Chatelet,louvre rivoli, palais royal musée du louvre, bourse. Chatelet station serves directly airports and Eurodisney. Ideal for a couple, a family or friends. The neighborhood is also one of the major assets of this apartment. Very quiet and perfectly safe - day and night - you will find many shops for shopping (supermarket, bakery, grocery stores), and hundreds of restaurants to discover French g
15227	A very nice and bright Parisian typical flat in the 1st arrdt located in the very heart of Paris, 10 meters from the Louvre  and the Jardin des Tuileries, just above the seine and close to all Paris attractions It is located just next to the Louvre, You are in the very center of Paris. 5 minutes to the Seine, Louvre, Jardin des Tuileries 10 minutes for Concorde, Opéra, Chatelet, Hôtel de Ville, Le Marais 15 : minutes to Notre Dame and the Latin quarter 20 minutes to the Champs Elysées A very nice typical French flat in an Haussmanien building, the apartment is traditional Parisian style with parquet and ceiling moldings. it is a separate room, you will access to a big and bright living room, a dining room, a kitchen fully equipped,a bathroom with a bath and separate toilets.  Located at the 4 floor without elevator 	In the center of Paris near the Seine and the Louvre. The flat in the 1st dt, typical french Haussmannien building, the apartment is traditional parisian style with parquet and ceiling moldings and furnished with style, 2 rooms and one bathroom A very nice and bright Parisian typical flat in the 1st arrdt located in the very heart of Paris, 10 meters from the Louvre  and the Jardin des Tuileries, just above the seine and close to all Paris attractions It is located just next to the Louvre, You are in the very center of Paris. 5 minutes to the Seine, Louvre, Jardin des Tuileries 10 minutes for Concorde, Opéra, Chatelet, Hôtel de Ville, Le Marais 15 : minutes to Notre Dame and the Latin quarter 20 minutes to the Champs Elysées A very nice typical French flat in an Haussmanien building, the apartment is traditional Parisian style with parquet and ceiling moldings. it is a separate room, you will access to a big and bright living room, a dining room, a kitchen fully equipped,a bathroom wit
15228	IMPORTANT : Depending on the dates preferential rates may apply. I would recommend restaurants, hangouts and answer all your needs throughout your stay. My priority is that you spend an unforgettable stay in Paris and home! A few steps from the Louvre, the Palais Royal, in the heart of Paris, you are close to all major points of interest of the city, the apartment is located on the top floor of a building built in the early 19th century by architects Percier & Fontaine, building characteristics arcades known worldwide. It consists of a large bedroom with a queen size bed with a TV, a desk with a printer, a bathroom includes a large bathtub.  The apartment also has a lounge with a very comfortable sofa and a second television.  The kitchen, open on the living room, has all the necessary equipment, dishwasher, fridge, hob, oven / microwave ... coffee machines...  You also have an airconditionning mobile machine. A second bed for one person is also provided. Sheets and towels are provided	Luxurious apartment renovated in 2013 in a luxury building located Rue de Rivoli next to the Louvre, the Tuileries and Decorative Arts museum. IMPORTANT : Depending on the dates preferential rates may apply. I would recommend restaurants, hangouts and answer all your needs throughout your stay. My priority is that you spend an unforgettable stay in Paris and home! A few steps from the Louvre, the Palais Royal, in the heart of Paris, you are close to all major points of interest of the city, the apartment is located on the top floor of a building built in the early 19th century by architects Percier & Fontaine, building characteristics arcades known worldwide. It consists of a large bedroom with a queen size bed with a TV, a desk with a printer, a bathroom includes a large bathtub.  The apartment also has a lounge with a very comfortable sofa and a second television.  The kitchen, open on the living room, has all the necessary equipment, dishwasher, fridge, hob, oven / microwave ... cof
15229	This is a nice studio located in rue des Lombards,right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Chatelet Les Halles.  It is on the 2nd floor of a lovely building, with no lift.  You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. 	"Welcome to your perfect central Paris base! Our calendar is always up-to-date; if you are interested in some dates, just press ""Book""! This is a nice studio located in rue des Lombards,right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of Chatelet Les Halles.  It is on the 2nd floor of a lovely building, with no lift.  You will have the whole apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The studio itself is fully furnished with a double bed, a shower, sink, 2 electrical plates, a microwave, a washing machine and a fridge. Please note that in quaint Parisian style, the toilet is located right outside the studio on the same floor.(literally 2 seconds away)  It is completely PRIVATE to the studio, and not shared with any other apartment. There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. A travel cot for babies up to 3 years old is available. Fast wi-fi access I remain available for guests throughout their s"
15230	"We propose you a big room in a shared apartment in the most central place in Paris – Chatelet. It’s a classy flat of 1300 ft2 (120m). The two flatmates, Louis and Louis (also), 28 years-old french guys, speak french, english and Spanish and are active participants of Parisian cultural life. In case you need it, there is a cell phone with french sim card available for our guests. It's free of charge, and will help you with your ""french experience"" The flat is in the 4th floor of a renewed “Haussmanian style” building with elevator. There is plenty of room and it’s very luminous and calm. It’s a perfect example of Parisian architecture: historical fancy old building, completely renovated inside. The room and living room are both exposed to Sebastopol Avenue, meaning you will have sun and a view (see photos) The flat & the room are fully equipped. In the room you will find a double bed, an office, stereo system, Wi-Fi. The bed sheets, pillows, and bath towels are also included. The matres"	"Seen on TV!  Big room in our cool apartment located in the center of Paris (1st arrondissement). Near to le Marais, Montorgueil Street, Louvre Museum and Pompidou.  Typical Parisian apartment (cheminee, moudling), 2min walk from main Subway lines! We propose you a big room in a shared apartment in the most central place in Paris – Chatelet. It’s a classy flat of 1300 ft2 (120m). The two flatmates, Louis and Louis (also), 28 years-old french guys, speak french, english and Spanish and are active participants of Parisian cultural life. In case you need it, there is a cell phone with french sim card available for our guests. It's free of charge, and will help you with your ""french experience"" The flat is in the 4th floor of a renewed “Haussmanian style” building with elevator. There is plenty of room and it’s very luminous and calm. It’s a perfect example of Parisian architecture: historical fancy old building, completely renovated inside. The room and living room are both exposed to Seba"
15231	It is a charming duplex ceiling high with exposed beams, in the heart of Paris with bus, metro and RER at the bottom of the building. Located on the 5th and last floor of an eighteenth century building , a listed building , it's a haven of peace, bright and very quiet, you do not hear a sound. View over the rooftops of Paris and the Beaubourg museum. Completely renovated a few months ago the apartment is very healthy, clean and nicely decorated. Many accessible walking distance attractions. Choice of bakery, butcher, supermarket 3 minutes around. Nightlife with many restaurants, bars, theaters, jazz clubs 5mn.	Queen size memory foam bed If couple. Clear open kitchen, fully equipped. Living-room, 2 bathroom. Close to a handful of cafe's and shops, to 5 lines of Metro, RER and to all sightseeing .Well-located in the heart of Paris It is a charming duplex ceiling high with exposed beams, in the heart of Paris with bus, metro and RER at the bottom of the building. Located on the 5th and last floor of an eighteenth century building , a listed building , it's a haven of peace, bright and very quiet, you do not hear a sound. View over the rooftops of Paris and the Beaubourg museum. Completely renovated a few months ago the apartment is very healthy, clean and nicely decorated. Many accessible walking distance attractions. Choice of bakery, butcher, supermarket 3 minutes around. Nightlife with many restaurants, bars, theaters, jazz clubs 5mn. The bedroom is upstairs with a queen bed and it's own bathroom. There is another bathroom downstairs where the toilets are and we'll share it. There  is a Tv i
15232	"Unique place by his exceptional location in the heart of historical Paris , in front of the Louvre museum . Surrounded by charming typical pedestrian shopping street, sublime monuments such Notre-Dame , Tour Saint-Jacques or  Marais and Saint-Germain-des-près district , the studio is next to the sublime Seine bank which leads to the famous Eiffel Tower ! Big 25 square meters studio , located on the 5th floor without elevator ( the inconvenience to face the Louvre ! ) , all moderne convenience, combined washing machine, dishwasher, wifi and international television. Please feel free to ask any questions . perfect metro location : ""Louvre-Rivoli"" station in front of the flat, line 1 which goes to all the main parisian monuments. ""Châtelet"" station, 2 min by foot biggest station of the city where all the buses and metro lines cross. "	"Cosy warm and calm studio in the very center of Paris, with all modern conveniences. Extremly well located,1 minute by foot to the Louvre museum, 10 to Notre-Dame , le Marais or Saint-Germain-des-près ! Unique place by his exceptional location in the heart of historical Paris , in front of the Louvre museum . Surrounded by charming typical pedestrian shopping street, sublime monuments such Notre-Dame , Tour Saint-Jacques or  Marais and Saint-Germain-des-près district , the studio is next to the sublime Seine bank which leads to the famous Eiffel Tower ! Big 25 square meters studio , located on the 5th floor without elevator ( the inconvenience to face the Louvre ! ) , all moderne convenience, combined washing machine, dishwasher, wifi and international television. Please feel free to ask any questions . perfect metro location : ""Louvre-Rivoli"" station in front of the flat, line 1 which goes to all the main parisian monuments. ""Châtelet"" station, 2 min by foot biggest station of the cit"
15233	Ideally located to visit Paris' must see landmarks - Walking distance : Louvre, Palais Royal, Latin quarter... Great shopping area - Great restaurants fashionable and/or traditional French cuisine. Safe area, two blocks from the French central bank. Completely refurbished in June 2015. Ideally for two persons: Queen size bed on a mezzanine, the studio can accommodate 2 extra (children) : pull-out couch - a separate kitchen and bathroom w/ bathtub.  View on Paris rooftops. 6th floor walk-up. No elevator.	Perfect location. Walking distance from the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Latin quarter (on the other side of the Seine). Fashionable shopping and great restaurants. 25sq meters Studio- Queen size bed on a mezzanine - separate kitchen and bathroom. Ideally located to visit Paris' must see landmarks - Walking distance : Louvre, Palais Royal, Latin quarter... Great shopping area - Great restaurants fashionable and/or traditional French cuisine. Safe area, two blocks from the French central bank. Completely refurbished in June 2015. Ideally for two persons: Queen size bed on a mezzanine, the studio can accommodate 2 extra (children) : pull-out couch - a separate kitchen and bathroom w/ bathtub.  View on Paris rooftops. 6th floor walk-up. No elevator. Check in time is noon  Check out time is 11 am When possible I am happy to arrange more convenient check in and check out times.  Yet this is not always possible so remember to check out the city lockers available, they are many in the area (
15234	Standing 2 rooms apartment in the very heart of Paris. Just renovated, this charming apartment is situated in a gallery listed historical monument. It has a immediate access to *Jardins du Palais Royal*. ---------The apartment ---------- * Living Room, with a sofa convertible in double bed, flat screen TV, hi-fi... Window view on the 'Vivienne Gallery'.  * Full equipped kitchen. * Big bedroom with a double-bed and wardrobes, windows with a direct view on the 'Jardins of Palais Royal'.  * Bathroom with a 'Roman Shower'. The apartment is fully equiped for a comfortable stay : sheets, towels, music, TV, wifi, books, dvds... --------- An ideal situation ---------- It's situated on a WALKING distance of the main historical and touristic places : * 2 min. from Jardins of Palais Royal * 5 min from Louvres Museum * 8 min. from Opéra Garnier * 10 min. from Place Vendome and Saint Honoré area * 15 min. from the river * la Seine * * 20 min. from Musée d’Orsay Ideal for a romantic trip, business s	Standing 2 rooms apartment in the very heart of Paris. Just renovated, this charming apartment is situated in a gallery listed historical monument. It has a immediate access to *Jardins du Palais Royal*. ---------The apartment ---------- * Living Room, with a sofa convertible in double bed, flat screen TV, hi-fi... Window view on the 'Vivienne Gallery'.  * Full equipped kitchen. * Big bedroom with a double-bed and wardrobes, windows with a direct view on the 'Jardins of Palais Royal'.  * Bathroom with a 'Roman Shower'. The apartment is fully equiped for a comfortable stay : sheets, towels, music, TV, wifi, books, dvds... --------- An ideal situation ---------- It's situated on a WALKING distance of the main historical and touristic places : * 2 min. from Jardins of Palais Royal * 5 min from Louvres Museum * 8 min. from Opéra Garnier * 10 min. from Place Vendome and Saint Honoré area * 15 min. from the river * la Seine * * 20 min. from Musée d’Orsay Ideal for a romantic trip, business s
15235	Very elegant, yet modern, apartment in Paris to rent for your next visit. Spacious at 90m², on the 2nd floor with an elevator. Located very near the Madeleine Church and the famous place de la Concorde. The living area has a sofabed, leather seating, flat screen television and floor to ceiling windows for ventilation and plenty of light. There is a large dining table that seats six.  The kitchen is efficiently designed with plenty of cupboard and counter space and a large stainless steel sink. It comes with everything needed to prepare simple meals and includes a dishwasher, stovetop, built in microwave oven, refrigerator and small bar area.   The master bedroom is an eye catching sherbet color and has two twin beds that can used together for a king sized bed or pulled apart for separate sleeping. There are floor to ceiling windows, comfortable leather seating and a desk.  The second bedroom is painted a deep marine blue and has a double bed, glass chandelier, leather chair, dresser an	90 m2 apartment on the 2nd floor with elevator, quiet as overlooking a large courtyard. Located close to the Madeleine church and the famous Place de la Concorde . Air - conditioning, 2 large bedrooms with Sealy beds (one with a double bed, another with 2 single beds that can be pushed together ), 1 large living room with sofa bed 2 places . The kitchen is designed effectively; The bathroom is fully tiled ; Separate toilet. Ideal location in the heart of Paris . Very elegant, yet modern, apartment in Paris to rent for your next visit. Spacious at 90m², on the 2nd floor with an elevator. Located very near the Madeleine Church and the famous place de la Concorde. The living area has a sofabed, leather seating, flat screen television and floor to ceiling windows for ventilation and plenty of light. There is a large dining table that seats six.  The kitchen is efficiently designed with plenty of cupboard and counter space and a large stainless steel sink. It comes with everything needed to
15236	Amazing flat in the center of Paris with 3 rooms, a big living room, a kitchen, bathrooms and a big terrace with barbecue. I provide one of the private room	Located in a cool duplex appartment in central Paris next to Beaubourg & Les Halles, I offer a comfortable and independant room. Sunny and flowery rooftop terrace with beautiful views over the Paris rooftops (possibility to make BBQ and Plancha) Amazing flat in the center of Paris with 3 rooms, a big living room, a kitchen, bathrooms and a big terrace with barbecue. I provide one of the private room You will have access to every common space of the flat. We want you to feel like home ! One of my roomate will be in Paris all summer (29 years old) so he will be able to give you any informations you need during your stay. You are in the heart of Paris, next to Beaubourg, with designer shops, bars, clubs, restaurants in abundance. You are less 10 mins walk from the Louvre, Left Bank, Place des Vosges, and the Marais. Because the flat is in the center of Paris you will have a very easy access to all kinds of Metro. Les Halles Metro and RER (Line B) is nearby giving direct access to both Cha
15237	On the 6th and last floor of the building with no lift, this 40m² -or 430 ft²- apartment consists of a bright living room with access to a balcony, a bedroom with a queen size bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower. There is also a sofa bed in the living room suitable for 2. 	This contemporary apartment, located in the heart of the city on rue de Rivoli on the top floor of a Haussman building will be the perfect place for your stay in Paris. Enjoy a peaceful and design interior, few steps away from where it all happens.  On the 6th and last floor of the building with no lift, this 40m² -or 430 ft²- apartment consists of a bright living room with access to a balcony, a bedroom with a queen size bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower. There is also a sofa bed in the living room suitable for 2. Located on one of the best shopping streets of the city of fashion, this apartment is the perfect place to explore Paris.  A few steps away, you will discover Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Place Vendome, le Marais, etc. You will be ideally connected to public transportation and have direct access to the airports and train stations. The apartment is right across the Chatelet Metro station - Paris' transportation hub. Bed linens and towels are kindly provided. 
15238	Two bedroom and bathroom apartment composed of a living area with a large and comfortable sofa, a giant dining table, and open kitchen. Fully equipped, you won't need anything while you're here; Crockery, gas hob and oven, refrigerator, coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine and storage space. Two bright private bedrooms will welcome you. Each one has its bathroom and toilets.  18th centuary building, equiped with electronic magnet entrance, then cross a small and lovely courtyard, to hit the elevator up to the 2nd floor.	Brand new refurbished and renovated 2 bedroom and bathroom apartment located on rue du 29 juillet, 1st district. 60 square meters, with a capacity of 4 people. Two bedroom and bathroom apartment composed of a living area with a large and comfortable sofa, a giant dining table, and open kitchen. Fully equipped, you won't need anything while you're here; Crockery, gas hob and oven, refrigerator, coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine and storage space. Two bright private bedrooms will welcome you. Each one has its bathroom and toilets.  18th centuary building, equiped with electronic magnet entrance, then cross a small and lovely courtyard, to hit the elevator up to the 2nd floor. Guests will have access to the whole apartment Guest can communicate through phone and e-mails. A welcome agent will wait on them upon arrival and departure. Very well located in the center of Paris. The famous rue Saint Honoré, rue de Rivoli and le Jardin des Tuileries are just a few steps from the apartm
15239	Quiet and elegant, the large 4 window are facing the internal court of the 5 stars Hotel Mandarine Oriental, and the main court of the building, with the gallery that is connecting the court to the famous Hotel Costes and Costes Restaurant. Very clear and spacious with a powerful WiFi connection and more than 200 TV channels, large elevator in a new  Residence in the deep heart of Paris center!	Beautiful design apartment, few meter away from Place Vendome, next door to the Hotel Costes, and the Mandarin Oriental Hotel, of 50M2, in a luxury Residence with large elevators, videophones, in the heart of Paris. Quiet and elegant, the large 4 window are facing the internal court of the 5 stars Hotel Mandarine Oriental, and the main court of the building, with the gallery that is connecting the court to the famous Hotel Costes and Costes Restaurant. Very clear and spacious with a powerful WiFi connection and more than 200 TV channels, large elevator in a new  Residence in the deep heart of Paris center! Subway : Tuileries - Line :   This apartment is ideally located in rue Saint Honoré in the 1st arrondissement, just between the famous “Jardin des Tuileries”, the Louvre, the Place Vendôme and the Place de la Concorde where there is the famous Hotel Crillon. This is an exceptional situation, everything is just two steps away from the apartment; Champs Elysees, Opera, Seine River, Ile
15240	Paris Heart. 1st district. Near Louvre Museum, Place Vendom and Tuileries Garden- in the chic Place du Marché St Honoré. a small pedestrian square with cafes and high luxury shopping. Gorgeous, furnished 30m² authentic Parisian style apartment. I bedroom with large double bed, working Fireplace, oak parquet flooring, large separate kitchen with all conveniences, washing machine, linens, cable TV, internet & phone, everything included including US calls. sleeps up to 3. Extra single futon available upon request. American host	Stay in the very center of the Heart of Paris. Located in a pedestrian square with cafes and chic/ fun eateries. Literally 5min walking to Louvre Museum, Tuileries Garden,and Place Vendome & Next to high fashion luxury boutiques on the rue St Honore. Paris Heart. 1st district. Near Louvre Museum, Place Vendom and Tuileries Garden- in the chic Place du Marché St Honoré. a small pedestrian square with cafes and high luxury shopping. Gorgeous, furnished 30m² authentic Parisian style apartment. I bedroom with large double bed, working Fireplace, oak parquet flooring, large separate kitchen with all conveniences, washing machine, linens, cable TV, internet & phone, everything included including US calls. sleeps up to 3. Extra single futon available upon request. American host
15241		"In the lively, trendy and central neighborhood of Montorgueil, this bright and functional nest will enchant you. At two steps from the Louvre Museum and its gardens and victoire square, the studio is located in a narrow and quiet street in a small typical Parisian building. This furnished studio located on the 6th floor has a main room with one confortable double bed, a small kitchen  a dining area and a shower room with toilet. Bed linen and towels are provided. Metro: Etienne Marcel, Louvre Rivoli, Sentier Montorgueil - Bourse       It used to be a business district with the Paris Stock Market (the Bourse). The Lively pedestrian Rue Montorgueil is now one of the most popular streets in Paris.   West from Rue de Richelieu is the ""theatre district"" of Paris: a good dozen can be found in this part of town. The 2nd district of Paris, is also a great place to sample typical Parisian atmosphere: little passageways and arcades full of shops and small cafes, abound around Boulevard Montmartr"
15242	Great flat in the center of Paris - very close to Tuileries station( 100m) and Pyramides (150m) - 50m from Rue Saint-Honoré. The flat is on the 3 rd floor. The flat is very sunny, south exposed. You will enjoy the sun all day long. There are 2 rooms : a large bedroom with doublebed and a large living room with TV and convertible sofa (2 people can sleep). You have a bathroom (a shower with toilets) and kitchen well equiped ( oven, micro-wave, shaker, coffee machine, fridge, frizzer., etc...) Internet Access WIFI and Radio. You have all types of shops close to the flat ( 5 minutes by foot ) : supermarkets, bakery, pharmacy, butcher's shop, etc... Shuttle to Roissy airport  at 5 min walk. Orly bus takes you to Denfert Rochereau and then it's a direct bus to home. All train stations are less than 20min away. Going to Normandy is very easy from the flat. Plenty of bars, restaurants and nightclubs accessible by foot. My cosy appartment is a perfect starting point to discover Paris and the p	Great flat in the center of Paris - very close to Tuileries station( 100m) and Pyramides (150m) - 50m from Rue Saint-Honoré. The flat is on the 3 rd floor. The flat is very sunny, south exposed. You will enjoy the sun all day long. There are 2 rooms : a large bedroom with doublebed and a large living room with TV and convertible sofa (2 people can sleep). You have a bathroom (a shower with toilets) and kitchen well equiped ( oven, micro-wave, shaker, coffee machine, fridge, frizzer., etc...) Internet Access WIFI and Radio. You have all types of shops close to the flat ( 5 minutes by foot ) : supermarkets, bakery, pharmacy, butcher's shop, etc... Shuttle to Roissy airport  at 5 min walk. Orly bus takes you to Denfert Rochereau and then it's a direct bus to home. All train stations are less than 20min away. Going to Normandy is very easy from the flat. Plenty of bars, restaurants and nightclubs accessible by foot. My cosy appartment is a perfect starting point to discover Paris and the p
15243	"Very central (10 minutes to Notre Dame and musée du Louvre), 2 minutes from the metro ""Saint Michel"", no change to go to CDG airport and just one for Orly airport! Very nice and confortable! Typical building from Paris!"	"Cosy apartment, overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and sunny (facing south, 3d floor) in the heart of Paris Saint Michel/Saint Germain des Près (5 min walk from Notre Dame, 15 minutes from Musée du Louvre). Ideal for a couple or 3 persons Cosy apartment, overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and sunny (facing south, 3d floor) in the heart of Paris Saint Michel/Saint Germain des Près (5 min walk from Notre Dame, 15 minutes from Musée du Louvre). Ideal for a couple or 3 persons Very central (10 minutes to Notre Dame and musée du Louvre), 2 minutes from the metro ""Saint Michel"", no change to go to CDG airport and just one for Orly airport! Very nice and confortable! Typical building from Paris! WIFI, bath, towels, sheets and all you need!  Saint Michel/Saint Germain des Près From CDG airport : RER B : 45 minutes, no change! stop in ""Saint Michel"" station (2 minutes by walk from the flat!) From Orly airport : Orly val, change in Anthony and take the RER B : 40 minutes, stop in ""Saint Mi"
15244	Bright apartment with large windows industrial style . 63m2 surface, on 2 levels . Quiet street near several transport (metro , RER , bus). Classified Building that hosts ancient artists' studios . View on the courtyard with no buildings directly opposite . Quiet Building and apartment. On the ground floor: Closet for coats Kitchen open to the living (website hidden) where you can have lunch / dinner Dining room with a table that seats 6 people Sofa from where you can comfortably watch TV First floor: Office space with sofa-bed 1 place Bathroom with shower and closet for your stuff - toilet separated by a door Room with king size bed. No curtains, let Parisian sun wake you up ! Many restaurants around .	Bright apartment with large windows industrial style . 63m2 surface, on 2 levels . Quiet street near several transport (metro , RER , bus). Classified Building that hosts ancient artists' studios . View on the courtyard with no buildings directly opposite . Quiet Building and apartment. On the ground floor: Closet for coats Kitchen open to the living (website hidden) where you can have lunch / dinner Dining room with a table that seats 6 people Sofa from where you can comfortably watch TV First floor: Office space with sofa-bed 1 place Bathroom with shower and closet for your stuff - toilet separated by a door Room with king size bed. No curtains, let Parisian sun wake you up ! Many restaurants around . All apartment A friend will welcome you if I'm not around. I remain at our disposal for any question by phone or email. Quiet street with yoga studios and food markets. Near Jardins du Luxembourg (about 5 minutes walk) and Gare Montparnasse (10mn). Many restaurants around. Metro Raspail
15245		Logement en plein Paris avec petite cour intérieure. Lit double, logement situé en plein cœur de Paris 6ème et 14ème. Le logement est entouré de commerces, restaurants, cafés, brasseries et est situé à coté du quartier de Montparnasse.
15246	En plein coeur de Montparnasse Fondation Cartier  10 Minutes de Saint Germain des Prés  Appartement sur 2 niveaux RDC et sous sol - matériaux haut de gamme Vous disposez d'un salon donnant sur une terrasse arborée Une cuisine open équipée (vous trouverez un lave vaisselle, un four micro onde, un four traditionnel, plaques ceramique, réfrigérateur, congélateur,  machine à café Nespresso, grille pain) avec table pour 4/6 Personnes 1 chambre  avec salle bains (un lave linge, un sèche linge et un sèche cheveux) 1 Bureau avec ordinateur  Au sous sol une salle a manger, un dressing et une chambre avec velux et une salle de bains Vous pouvez profiter des restaurants, théatres, cinémas et tous commerces en vous promenant tout est à coté ! Metro : Raspail, Vavin, Notre Dame des Champs, Montparnasse Vous serez donc sur les lignes 4, 6, 12 et 13. Accès direct à Chatelet, St Michel, Arc de Triomphe, Tour Eiffel, Montmartre, Invalides...Tout Paris est à quelques minutes !  Bus: 68,91,82 Gares et Aé	En plein coeur de Montparnasse Fondation Cartier  10 Minutes de Saint Germain des Prés  Appartement sur 2 niveaux RDC et sous sol - matériaux haut de gamme Vous disposez d'un salon donnant sur une terrasse arborée Une cuisine open équipée (vous trouverez un lave vaisselle, un four micro onde, un four traditionnel, plaques ceramique, réfrigérateur, congélateur,  machine à café Nespresso, grille pain) avec table pour 4/6 Personnes 1 chambre  avec salle bains (un lave linge, un sèche linge et un sèche cheveux) 1 Bureau avec ordinateur  Au sous sol une salle a manger, un dressing et une chambre avec velux et une salle de bains Vous pouvez profiter des restaurants, théatres, cinémas et tous commerces en vous promenant tout est à coté ! Metro : Raspail, Vavin, Notre Dame des Champs, Montparnasse Vous serez donc sur les lignes 4, 6, 12 et 13. Accès direct à Chatelet, St Michel, Arc de Triomphe, Tour Eiffel, Montmartre, Invalides...Tout Paris est à quelques minutes !  Bus: 68,91,82 Gares et Aé
15247	Discover Paris staying in a charming and typically 17th century old Parisian flat with its authentic beams and stones and ideally located in the heart of Paris in the famous Arty, Literary and Jazzy Saint-Germain-des-Prés area.  Amazing location to make the most of your stay in Paris :  - Within walking distance of Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Le Jardin du Luxembourg or the river Seine and its utterly romantic Pont des Arts with its famous love padlocks. - Very well served area by public transport with two major metro lines (line 4 and 10) very close, several bus lines, a public bike Velib' station facing our building. Our apartment has beams and stones everywhere ! The apartment is looking out onto a pretty and typically parisian courtyard and has two bedrooms, one bathroom, toilets and a living room. Our building is at the corner of rue Jacob and the pretty rue Saint-Benoit, well-known for its mythic Café de Flore. Hungry ? Just hop on the Laduree boutique right downstairs to try their wor	Discover Paris staying in a charming and typically 17th century old Parisian flat with its authentic beams and stones. Ideally located in the very heart of Paris in the famous Arty, Literary and Jazzy Saint-Germain-des-Prés area.  Discover Paris staying in a charming and typically 17th century old Parisian flat with its authentic beams and stones and ideally located in the heart of Paris in the famous Arty, Literary and Jazzy Saint-Germain-des-Prés area.  Amazing location to make the most of your stay in Paris :  - Within walking distance of Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Le Jardin du Luxembourg or the river Seine and its utterly romantic Pont des Arts with its famous love padlocks. - Very well served area by public transport with two major metro lines (line 4 and 10) very close, several bus lines, a public bike Velib' station facing our building. Our apartment has beams and stones everywhere ! The apartment is looking out onto a pretty and typically parisian courtyard and has two bedrooms, on
15248		Studio de charme en plein coeur du Quartier Latin A deux pas de la Seine, de la rue de Buci, de saint Michel ou de Notre-Dame, ce petit studio très lumineux et niché sous les toit parisiens est idéal  pour votre week-end en amoureux!
15249	From one step away from Jardin du Luxembourg, you will be located in the heart of Paris. This 60sqm apartment offers a living room with an open kitchen, 3 bedrooms and a bathroom. The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a 17th century building. Your room is private, in a flat shared with 2 25years old nice guys.	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: next to 'JARDIN DU LUXEMBOURG', probably the coziest place in Paris. 'RIVE GAUCHE': ambiance between 'LE VIEUX PARIS' and students. Independent room in a shared flat.
15250	Beautiful area.	Comfortable room. Sleeps two. Beautiful area.
15251	it's a simple room 14m² with bed behind you got 2 windows  a lil kitchen as you can see (hotplate,micro wave, ketlle) table with 2 chairs. Behind the curtain  you have the sowher and the WC; It's small, the bed is for 1 person but if you are a couple well you can sleep togheter(or good friends) i provide you with clean sheets and towels the studio is only at the 1st floor	Cosy small studio ,looks more like a student room ,but really fonctionel and perfect for few days in Paris. Because it's the most central Area with everything you need around : Bars,restaurants,museum and metro/train station at 3min only  1st floor it's a simple room 14m² with bed behind you got 2 windows  a lil kitchen as you can see (hotplate,micro wave, ketlle) table with 2 chairs. Behind the curtain  you have the sowher and the WC; It's small, the bed is for 1 person but if you are a couple well you can sleep togheter(or good friends) i provide you with clean sheets and towels the studio is only at the 1st floor yes i can help you with your luggages if you need Central metro station at 2min by walk everything around i mean : Cathedral notre dame you are in the hert of LATIN district Ssaint germain des pres  and his famous Cafe des flores at 10min by walk pantheon,the hotel de ville and le Marais at 5min Like i told you if you are a hard sleeper it's not good for you because its rea
15252	Beautiful and charming apartment in the 6th arrondissement  of Gustavien style full of light on third floor of a 16th century building made of authentic parisian white stones. You will have a private room, separated by a floor-to-ceiling curtain, for your reservation. To rent the entire apartment, please see my listing for this apartment as an entire place: (website hidden)    The apartment is 30m2 with a very hight ceiling and two large windows. It has a wooden floor which feel fresh in summer and warm in winter. The main salon will be separated into two rooms by a large silk curtain. There is a very big cupboard and a chest of drawers empty for you  to put all your belongings.   There is also tow comfortable chairs, one armchair (style Louis XVI) and two stools in supplies.  There also a breakfast table that can fold to give more space. The bathroom has a bathtub and a knob of shower holder, a hair dryer available and has three glasses.  The kitchen is small with all the supplies tha	Beautiful and charming apartment in the 6th arrondissement  of Gustavien style full of light on third floor of a 16th century building made of authentic parisian white stones. Beautiful and charming apartment in the 6th arrondissement  of Gustavien style full of light on third floor of a 16th century building made of authentic parisian white stones. You will have a private room, separated by a floor-to-ceiling curtain, for your reservation. To rent the entire apartment, please see my listing for this apartment as an entire place: (website hidden)    The apartment is 30m2 with a very hight ceiling and two large windows. It has a wooden floor which feel fresh in summer and warm in winter. The main salon will be separated into two rooms by a large silk curtain. There is a very big cupboard and a chest of drawers empty for you  to put all your belongings.   There is also tow comfortable chairs, one armchair (style Louis XVI) and two stools in supplies.  There also a breakfast table that ca
15253	Dear all, OK, Who never dreamed to stay in River side in Paris ? We have this amazing flat in place de Saint Michel just behind of Fontaine so famous !!! To give you a chance to stay in most famous place in the world :) Nearby cité, ile saint louis and Saint germain. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is great !! We have very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. price per night is for 2 persons or a family maximum 4 peoples ( please check the special saisons in  calendar. the price include all service and machines inside : Washer and dryer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron, etc...... we provide fresh linen, sheetsa dn towels :) Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. Bus 96 to go to City hall and marais area RER C to go to the Versaille Please don't forge	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear all, OK, Who never dreamed to stay in River side in Paris ? We have this amazing flat in place de Saint Michel just behind of Fontaine so famous !!! To give you a chance to stay in most famous place in the world :) Nearby cité, ile saint louis and Saint germain. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is great !! We have very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. price per night is for 2 persons or a family maximum 4 peoples ( please check the special saisons in  calendar. the price include all service and machines inside : Washer and dryer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron, etc...... we provide fresh linen, sheetsa dn towels :) Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom y
15254	The apartment is on the 3rd floor (not many stairs)  has got 40m2 with a very hight ceiling and two large windows. It has a wooden floor. The main salon has a sofa-bed for two people. There is a very big cupboard and a chest of drawers empty for you to put all your belongings and a large desk with internet. The kitchen is small with all the supplies that you could need to do a bit of cooking. The bedroom has a big bed surrounded by plenty of closets.The windows gives on a courtyard, there are no inconvenient noises. I am fully reachable over my phone cell: calls, SMS, whatsapp... Always at your disposal.  The area is one of the most beautiful in Paris. Around the apartment you will find a lot of art galleries, French bakeries, most famous parisian bistros such as café de Flore , Les Deux Magots, Lipp... Don't forget the finest pastries as Ladurée, Pierre Hermé... The apartment is at 10 minutes away by walk of the Louvre, Notre Dame and Musee d'Orsay. At night the neighbourhood is full 	It is a really charming flat in the heart of St. Germain full of light with a very hight ceiling and two large windows Very close by walk of the Louvre, Notre Dame, Musee d'Orsay and a lot of French restaurants.  Easy to reach from airports. The apartment is on the 3rd floor (not many stairs)  has got 40m2 with a very hight ceiling and two large windows. It has a wooden floor. The main salon has a sofa-bed for two people. There is a very big cupboard and a chest of drawers empty for you to put all your belongings and a large desk with internet. The kitchen is small with all the supplies that you could need to do a bit of cooking. The bedroom has a big bed surrounded by plenty of closets.The windows gives on a courtyard, there are no inconvenient noises. I am fully reachable over my phone cell: calls, SMS, whatsapp... Always at your disposal.  The area is one of the most beautiful in Paris. Around the apartment you will find a lot of art galleries, French bakeries, most famous parisian 
15255	Located in the Latin Quarter, this apartment is on the 4th floor in a beautiful Parisian building, with moldings and parquet floors.  Description.   Completely renovated in 2013, the wooden floor and double glazed windows . There is a wireless internet connection broadband .  - Living room with dining area , decorative fireplace, sofa bed for 2 people  - Fully equipped kitchen , closed : Microwave stove, oven,fridge, cooker hood          - A first bedroom with a double bed (160 cm) and an en suite bathroom .  - A second bedroom with two single beds which can be joined to make a double bed, en suite shower room.  - Dressing room and cupboards  - Balcony spinning  	Close to the banks of the Seine, at the Fontaine Saint Michel, this apartment can accommodate 6 people. Refurbished in 2013, it is very comfortable, has a high ceiling. Moldings and parquet floors give it lots of character Located in the Latin Quarter, this apartment is on the 4th floor in a beautiful Parisian building, with moldings and parquet floors.  Description.   Completely renovated in 2013, the wooden floor and double glazed windows . There is a wireless internet connection broadband .  - Living room with dining area , decorative fireplace, sofa bed for 2 people  - Fully equipped kitchen , closed : Microwave stove, oven,fridge, cooker hood          - A first bedroom with a double bed (160 cm) and an en suite bathroom .  - A second bedroom with two single beds which can be joined to make a double bed, en suite shower room.  - Dressing room and cupboards  - Balcony spinning  The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of t
15256	"WELCOME IN ""CASA SAINT GERMAIN-PARIS"" IN THE VERY HEART OF ST GERMAIN DE PRES ! (Entire Apartment) The studio is located in the  very heart of the Latin Quarter. It cannot get any better, right beside the churches of Saint Germain des Prés and Saint Sulpice, in one of the most lively and fashionable areas of Paris, with many shops... The neighborhood is very busy... but the studio very quiet ! • Exact location : Odéon - Quartier Latin (St Germain des Prés) YOUR STUDIO :  18m2 (194 square feet) renovated in february 2013. Sixth floor walk up accessible through a service entrance WITHOUT ELEVATOR .   THE STUDIO IS NOT RECOMMENDED FOR GUESTS WITH HEAVY LUGGAGES. It might not be suitable for people with mobility issues and young children.  •  The living room Window overlooking a quiet courtyard. (curtains). 3 stools and a high table. Wardrobe. There is no door between the living room and the room. • Your room The room has : - a real traditional double bed frame of 140cm x 200cm (with duvet"	"Top location. Heart of st germain metro odéon. Easy access direct train express from cdg + orly airports and gare du nord Eurostar. Fully renovated and calm studio with shower, toilets, kitchen. 1queen size bed + large single airbed. No extra fare. WELCOME IN ""CASA SAINT GERMAIN-PARIS"" IN THE VERY HEART OF ST GERMAIN DE PRES ! (Entire Apartment) The studio is located in the  very heart of the Latin Quarter. It cannot get any better, right beside the churches of Saint Germain des Prés and Saint Sulpice, in one of the most lively and fashionable areas of Paris, with many shops... The neighborhood is very busy... but the studio very quiet ! • Exact location : Odéon - Quartier Latin (St Germain des Prés) YOUR STUDIO :  18m2 (194 square feet) renovated in february 2013. Sixth floor walk up accessible through a service entrance WITHOUT ELEVATOR .   THE STUDIO IS NOT RECOMMENDED FOR GUESTS WITH HEAVY LUGGAGES. It might not be suitable for people with mobility issues and young children.  •  Th"
15257	APARTMENT This apartment is situated in a typical 17th century Parisian building. Uniquely charming, you will be astonished by its beam of age.  It is a lovely pied-à-terre, on 4th floor with an elevator. Despite its very Paris central location, it enjoys the quiet inner courtyard. The apartment is furnished to welcome 4 persons for a cosy vacation in the Paris most delightful district.  It was completely renovated in 2014 and decorated in a Parisian loft spirit. As much as possible, we choosed authentical and quality furnitures and materials. We hope it will make you feel « at home » during your stay.  We also took care to provide you with all information about the area in a Welcome booklet, with our very special tips and recommendations, so that you can live as we do, as real Parisians… The apartment offers a complete and comfortable equipment:  It includes a convenient fully equipped kitchen, a dining area, a living room with a double sofa bed, and an alcove with a real double bed (	. APARTMENT This apartment is situated in a typical 17th century Parisian building. Uniquely charming, you will be astonished by its beam of age.  It is a lovely pied-à-terre, on 4th floor with an elevator. Despite its very Paris central location, it enjoys the quiet inner courtyard. The apartment is furnished to welcome 4 persons for a cosy vacation in the Paris most delightful district.  It was completely renovated in 2014 and decorated in a Parisian loft spirit. As much as possible, we choosed authentical and quality furnitures and materials. We hope it will make you feel « at home » during your stay.  We also took care to provide you with all information about the area in a Welcome booklet, with our very special tips and recommendations, so that you can live as we do, as real Parisians… The apartment offers a complete and comfortable equipment:  It includes a convenient fully equipped kitchen, a dining area, a living room with a double sofa bed, and an alcove with a real double bed
15258	A quiet 30 square meter studio in the very center of Saint Germain des Prés. The address is on the main street, but the studio is facing the courtyard, so it is very quiet. There is a bed (1.2m x 2.0m, fit for two), and a single optional mattress (0.9m x 2.0m). The studio is perfect for up to 2 people. 	A Studio apartment in the very heart of Saint Germain des pres - one of the best located apartments in Paris! The address is on the main street, but the apartment is facing a courtyard, so it is very quiet. Perfect place to get the most of Paris!  A quiet 30 square meter studio in the very center of Saint Germain des Prés. The address is on the main street, but the studio is facing the courtyard, so it is very quiet. There is a bed (1.2m x 2.0m, fit for two), and a single optional mattress (0.9m x 2.0m). The studio is perfect for up to 2 people. -Internet/WIFI (ADSL -Orange Livebox)  -Landline (Free calls to USA, Canada, and most of landlines in European Union countries) -Separate toilet in the hallway (just outside the door, and private with a key - not shared) and shower inside the apartment. -Microwave, a dishwasher, cooking plates, and basic cooking equipment.  I will try my best to see all the guests during their stay. -Located in the very heart of Saint Germain des Prés just by t
15259		This little duplex (25 m2, two rooms) is located on the top floor of an old building (4th floor) in the heart of Paris. It has a private terrace above a courtyard, and a balcony above the street. It is very silent day and night, and sunny.
15260		Studio, 1 Bath, (Sleeps 2) Charming studio with all equipment in the heart of the historical Latin Quarter in Paris. You will be in the most romantic place in the world near the Bridge of River La Seine and church Notre Dame!
15261	I absolutely love the area. If you're a fan of restaurants, bars, architecture, museums, and so much more then Saint Germain des Prés is the place to stay in Paris. The nice thing is that this studio is ever so slightly held back from the hustle and bustle so, whilst being only a 5 minute walk to Le Louvre or a 5 minute walk to The Luxembourg Gardens, it's quiet of an evening when you want to rest and easy to get back to without needing taxis or public transport.	About as central as you can get in Paris, this studio houses 1-2 people comfortably in a brilliant location. I absolutely love the area. If you're a fan of restaurants, bars, architecture, museums, and so much more then Saint Germain des Prés is the place to stay in Paris. The nice thing is that this studio is ever so slightly held back from the hustle and bustle so, whilst being only a 5 minute walk to Le Louvre or a 5 minute walk to The Luxembourg Gardens, it's quiet of an evening when you want to rest and easy to get back to without needing taxis or public transport. You will have access to the full studio, which is to say the living area, kitchenette and bathroom. Internet and full TV is available. I may or may not be present during the dates shown. If I am to be present, then I'll only be able to house one person. NB - I work 12 hour days and often stay elsewhere at the last minute. If I am present, I'll be more than happy to show you around the area too. Please note that this is 
15262	I am delighted to offer the possibility to stay in my beautiful recently renovated flat right in one of the most amazing, if not the best, area of Paris with cute and authentic great restaurants and cafes and close to all many major touristic attractions.  Located on the 4th floor (no elevator though), the flat benefit from great sunlight during the day . Simple but stylish decoration for a cozy feel.  The kitchen/ lounge area is very pleasant and you have all the amenities and tools to your disposal to make it like at home: TV/ cable, internet wifi, refrigerator, oven, cook top, washer, dryer, dishwasher, vacuum cleaner, iron/board, toaster and basic grocery starter kit (oil, vinegar, salt, spices, etc.)  The bedroom has a comfortable bed for a great rest after cruising all round town or a long day at work and spacious  closet to put your personal belongings away.  The bathroom has a shower cabinet, a toilet and a sink.   Also provided: bed linnen, towels, hair dryer and alarm clock. 	Cute and cozy 32sq meter recently renovated flat right in the vibrant legendary latin quarter of Paris. Fabulous location close to everything! The flat is optimized and very functional with as a lounge/kitchen, a comfortable berdoom and shower room. I am delighted to offer the possibility to stay in my beautiful recently renovated flat right in one of the most amazing, if not the best, area of Paris with cute and authentic great restaurants and cafes and close to all many major touristic attractions.  Located on the 4th floor (no elevator though), the flat benefit from great sunlight during the day . Simple but stylish decoration for a cozy feel.  The kitchen/ lounge area is very pleasant and you have all the amenities and tools to your disposal to make it like at home: TV/ cable, internet wifi, refrigerator, oven, cook top, washer, dryer, dishwasher, vacuum cleaner, iron/board, toaster and basic grocery starter kit (oil, vinegar, salt, spices, etc.)  The bedroom has a comfortable bed 
15263	Welcome to our apartment, fully renovated during winter 2014 and located in the center of Paris, in Saint-Germain-des-près area, emblematic district of the parisian life, artistic and cosmopolitan. The apartment enjoys an exclusive location. Located on the banks of the Seine. In the middle of a lively area, nevertheless very quiet as it look onto a courtyard. About the apartment, we renovated it with all our heart and we love living in it. A true modern digression in the heart of a historic site. The furniture, bedding and dishes are all new and the design blend perfectly with the antique charm. We leave at your disposal our french cooking books to make meals with what you have purchased in the sunday market, like a true parisian. The flat has a flat screen TV with over 200 channels, french and international (CNN, CNBC...) and a very fast Wifi. 	Exceptional. On the Seine banks. 200 meters from the Place Saint Michel. This large 2 rooms, 45 sqm which can welcome up to 5 people, is the perfect place to visite most of the tourist destinations on foot. Very quiet. Welcome to our apartment, fully renovated during winter 2014 and located in the center of Paris, in Saint-Germain-des-près area, emblematic district of the parisian life, artistic and cosmopolitan. The apartment enjoys an exclusive location. Located on the banks of the Seine. In the middle of a lively area, nevertheless very quiet as it look onto a courtyard. About the apartment, we renovated it with all our heart and we love living in it. A true modern digression in the heart of a historic site. The furniture, bedding and dishes are all new and the design blend perfectly with the antique charm. We leave at your disposal our french cooking books to make meals with what you have purchased in the sunday market, like a true parisian. The flat has a flat screen TV with over 
15264	Studio 4 personnes near Place Saint Michel Located at the heart of Paris and near its most famous sites and monuments. The lively quarter of Saint -Germain-des-Prés, the Saint-Michel Fountain, Pont Neuf, the Louvre, Ile Saint-Louis, Notre-Dame and Sainte Chapelle are just some of the historical, cultural and architectural treasures surrounding the hotel, located in the literary Latin Quarter. A charming flat in the heart of the Latin Quarter, close to Notre Dame Cathedral and the Louvre! •Notre Dame de Paris : 3 min. •Musée d’Orsay : 8 min. •Musée du Louvre : 15 min. •Panthéon : 15 min. •Jardins du Luxembourg : 20 min. •Place de la Concorde : 20 min. •Tour Eiffel : 25 min. Métro : Saint Michel (ligne 4) ou Pont-Neuf (ligne 7)  RER B ou C : Saint Michel  Transferts aéroports sur demande. The appartement is just a few minutes’ walk from the Saint-Michel metro and Saint-Michel–Notre-Dame RER stations which offer fast and direct access to all the city’s different quarters and its major air	Studio 4 personnes near Place Saint Michel Located at the heart of Paris and near its most famous sites and monuments. The lively quarter of Saint -Germain-des-Prés, the Saint-Michel Fountain, Pont Neuf, the Louvre, Ile Saint-Louis, Notre-Dame and Sainte Chapelle are just some of the historical, cultural and architectural treasures surrounding the hotel, located in the literary Latin Quarter. A charming flat in the heart of the Latin Quarter, close to Notre Dame Cathedral and the Louvre! •Notre Dame de Paris : 3 min. •Musée d’Orsay : 8 min. •Musée du Louvre : 15 min. •Panthéon : 15 min. •Jardins du Luxembourg : 20 min. •Place de la Concorde : 20 min. •Tour Eiffel : 25 min. Métro : Saint Michel (ligne 4) ou Pont-Neuf (ligne 7)  RER B ou C : Saint Michel  Transferts aéroports sur demande. The appartement is just a few minutes’ walk from the Saint-Michel metro and Saint-Michel–Notre-Dame RER stations which offer fast and direct access to all the city’s different quarters and its major air
15265	FR Une belle et grande chambre pour se relaxer. Une table pour manger, un groovy Rockin' Chair pour se poser et de la place pour vos affaires. Une bouteille de vin vous attendra toujours. Rouge ou blanc, c'est votre choix donc dites-moi quel est votre péché mignon. :-)  L’appartement situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur est composé d’une entrée, une cuisine équipée et d'une salle de bain avec douche et WC. Il a été entièrement repeint cet été 2015. Il est donc tout propre et tout blanc ! ; ) Si la vue depuis la fenêtre n’est pas saisissante, elle a au moins le mérite de vous préserver de tout vis à vis et de vous offrir une douce lumière dans la journée donnant une ambiance cosy et tranquille. EN A nice and pretty big room where you can relax. A little table to eat, A groovy Rockin' Chair to chill and some place to organize your stuff. A bottle of wine will always await for my guests. Red or white, it's your choice so please tell me which one you prefer. :-) The flat on the third floor w	Chambre tranquille au cœur des Saint Germain Des Prés. Vous serez proches du métro (L4, L10, L12), de la rue de Rennes, des Deux Magots et Café de Flore et de la place St Germain (environ 150m).  La vie parisienne par excellence. You're home... FR Une belle et grande chambre pour se relaxer. Une table pour manger, un groovy Rockin' Chair pour se poser et de la place pour vos affaires. Une bouteille de vin vous attendra toujours. Rouge ou blanc, c'est votre choix donc dites-moi quel est votre péché mignon. :-)  L’appartement situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur est composé d’une entrée, une cuisine équipée et d'une salle de bain avec douche et WC. Il a été entièrement repeint cet été 2015. Il est donc tout propre et tout blanc ! ; ) Si la vue depuis la fenêtre n’est pas saisissante, elle a au moins le mérite de vous préserver de tout vis à vis et de vous offrir une douce lumière dans la journée donnant une ambiance cosy et tranquille. EN A nice and pretty big room where you can relax. A l
15266	"The location by the Luxembourg garden (2 minutes walk) is ideal for joggers. 10 minutes walking distance to the famous Latin Quarter. 5 minutes walk to Saint-Germain-Des-Prés and 2 minutes walk to the world renowned Pastry Chef Pierre Hermé (you must try his macarons) Walking distance to all restaurants, shops, transportations, museums. There is a public swimming pool 5 minutes away 4 metros within 5 to 7 minutes walking distance (Saint sulpice, Saint germain des Prés, Odéon or Mabillon) , many buses, Direct access to all Department stores RER Luxembourg Walking distance to the Seine and the Louvre Bus direct to the Eiffel Tower in 15 minutes. This very bright studio + balcony has been renovated in 2015 by a renowned architect. It is featured in ""Maison a Part"" (March 2015), a French website specialized in decoration.  Online key words search:  ""Maison a part un 12m2 revu et corrigé"". the website link will be sent upon request.  It will also be featured on French television in the fall"	Sunny compact studio (12 square meters 130ft2 ). Wifi. Balcony. Inspirational view. Skylight. Designed by architect. Sophisticated lights, sofabed, granite countertop, oak parquet floor,  WC. Best location central Paris. metros shops restaurants... The location by the Luxembourg garden (2 minutes walk) is ideal for joggers. 10 minutes walking distance to the famous Latin Quarter. 5 minutes walk to Saint-Germain-Des-Prés and 2 minutes walk to the world renowned Pastry Chef Pierre Hermé (you must try his macarons) Walking distance to all restaurants, shops, transportations, museums. There is a public swimming pool 5 minutes away 4 metros within 5 to 7 minutes walking distance (Saint sulpice, Saint germain des Prés, Odéon or Mabillon) , many buses, Direct access to all Department stores RER Luxembourg Walking distance to the Seine and the Louvre Bus direct to the Eiffel Tower in 15 minutes. This very bright studio + balcony has been renovated in 2015 by a renowned architect. It is feature
15267	For more and other pictures of the flat, see Paris attitude web site  	Very beautiful and confortable 37 m studio rue mazarine completly renovated on march 2014, with a fully équipped kitchen (everything is new!), very quiet on the 3thierd level of a 17 centuary building (without elevator), with a new King size bed (160 cm) and a sofa bed. For more and other pictures of the flat, see Paris attitude web site  Metro stations : Odéon (line 4) or Mabillon (line 10) Many Bus : (phone number hidden) etc... You will be in the best neighborhood in Paris in the heart of saint germain des près. At 2-3 minutes by walk from métro station Odéon and Mabillon Less than 10 minutes by walk from station Saint Michel on train RER B (direct line for and from CDG Airport - around 40 minutes until the airport) Parking available on rue Mazarine Many equipment are available in the flat to make your stay confortable :  Fan, Hair dryer, Nespresso machine, tea kettle, Iron etc...
15268	Very nice 34 sqm (370 square feet) apartment well arranged fully equipped. Located on the 4th floor on big and very quiet arbored garden (400 sqm) Full day light in every room Living room on Dauphine street (double-glazed windows) with Pont-Neuf & Seine view = confortable sofa bed for 2 people, coffee table, 4 persons dining table,  1 baby high chair,TV with 25 chanels and audio input (USB port, RCA and 3,5 mm jack connectors) Bedroom with quiet big arbored garden view = double bed for 2 people, wardrobe & shelves (cot babybed, iron and ironing board) Kitchen = toaster, kettle and coffee maker, multi-function microwave and convection oven, heating plate, washing machine and dryer, table for 2 people. Separate bathroom with shower and toilet (separate access without going in bedroom, hairdryer) For shopping use caddy attached in mid-floor room by key. WIFI and LAN access + unlimited fixe/mobile phone calls to France, USA, Canada and fixe to other 100 countries. Wireless black & white La	CLEAR, QUIET, CENTRAL, FULLY EQUIPPED. The flat is very well located and full appropriate for short stay (1 week) at 4 persons, or long stay at 2. Because food is excellent nearby, the 4th floor without elevator will keep you fit. Very nice 34 sqm (370 square feet) apartment well arranged fully equipped. Located on the 4th floor on big and very quiet arbored garden (400 sqm) Full day light in every room Living room on Dauphine street (double-glazed windows) with Pont-Neuf & Seine view = confortable sofa bed for 2 people, coffee table, 4 persons dining table,  1 baby high chair,TV with 25 chanels and audio input (USB port, RCA and 3,5 mm jack connectors) Bedroom with quiet big arbored garden view = double bed for 2 people, wardrobe & shelves (cot babybed, iron and ironing board) Kitchen = toaster, kettle and coffee maker, multi-function microwave and convection oven, heating plate, washing machine and dryer, table for 2 people. Separate bathroom with shower and toilet (separate access w
15269	The studio is very clean and tidy in a quiet and safe building ( digicode ).	Beautiful , large and very cosy studio with amazing location (1min Pont Neuf/Pont des arts)  Métro : Pont neuf (2min) / Odéon (3min) Very close to supermarket ( open till 11pm everydays ) , laudry , bakery , banks , restaurants and bars.
15270	Located on the second floor of an historical building of the 17th century recently renovated. The studio allows up to four sleeps, a king size beds and a queen size bed on the mezanine. Four meters high celling, hard wood floor, stone wall will complete the charm of this unit. The apartment is 45m² (approx 400sqft) with a fully equiped kitchen and bathroom. Two high windows will give you a wonderfull view on the Mabillon Crossroad and the street of Paris. The apartment remain very quite from street noise and neighbours. You will be less than 10 minutes walk to most of the touristic attractions such as The Louvre Museum, Saint Germain des Prés, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Champs Elysées, Opéra. The closest metro station is just down the building, station Mabillon. The apartment is the best deal for a smal family, a couple for a romantic stay... For your convinience, I provide Wif and cable TV.	Charming mini Loft in Paris In the St Germain des Prés area.  Located on the second floor of an historical building of the 17th century recently renovated. The studio allows up to four sleeps, a king size beds and a queen size bed on the mezanine. Four meters high celling, hard wood floor, stone wall will complete the charm of this unit. The apartment is 45m² (approx 400sqft) with a fully equiped kitchen and bathroom. Two high windows will give you a wonderfull view on the Mabillon Crossroad and the street of Paris. The apartment remain very quite from street noise and neighbours. You will be less than 10 minutes walk to most of the touristic attractions such as The Louvre Museum, Saint Germain des Prés, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Champs Elysées, Opéra. The closest metro station is just down the building, station Mabillon. The apartment is the best deal for a smal family, a couple for a romantic stay... For your convinience, I provide Wif and cable TV.
15271	In a charming 18th century building, facing the river Seine and the Ile de la Cité, with a view of Notre-Dame Cathedral, this is a sunny 3 room apartment, 65m2 (720sq.f), 2nd floor with lift, old beamed room, wooden floor, one living room and dining room with convertible sofa, one master bedroom with a double bed, 2nd bedroom smaller with a double bed on a mezzanine and a single bed under, bathroom with bathtub, open kitchen fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine and micro-(website hidden), Tel, Wifi high speed Internet Capacity : 6 people. Metro : Odéon and Saint-Michel (lines 4, 10) - RER : C Saint-Michel 	In a charming 18th century building, facing the river Seine and the Ile de la Cité, with a view of Notre-Dame Cathedral, this is a sunny 3 room apartment, 65m2 (720sq.f), 2nd floor with lift, old beamed room, wooden floor, one living room and dining room with convertible sofa, one master bedroom with a double bed, 2nd bedroom smaller with a double bed on a mezzanine and a single bed under, bathroom with bathtub, open kitchen fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine and micro-(website hidden), Tel, Wifi high speed Internet Capacity : 6 people. Metro : Odéon and Saint-Michel (lines 4, 10) - RER : C Saint-Michel 
15272	All needed amenities: Cable TV with major international stations (Bloomberg, CNN etc.), Free international phone calls to USA (cell and landline), Internet Wifi.  *Great space:  -In a former Hotel Particulier building -Brand new elevator, 4th floor.  -Wooden staircase -Exclusive vis a vis on Saint Sulpice and Odeon  -High ceiling, mansarde and poutres	"Former Private Hotel - Amazing Elevator Studio - 130 positive reviews ""amazing"", 4.5 star rating.  Ideally situated in a calm exclusive building, welcome to my home in the heart of Saint Germain, at the very center of elegant and delicious Paris. All needed amenities: Cable TV with major international stations (Bloomberg, CNN etc.), Free international phone calls to USA (cell and landline), Internet Wifi.  *Great space:  -In a former Hotel Particulier building -Brand new elevator, 4th floor.  -Wooden staircase -Exclusive vis a vis on Saint Sulpice and Odeon  -High ceiling, mansarde and poutres The studio is an entirely private space with kitchen and bathroom. We are three - family oriented - dedicated to answer all questions and come at the studio in case there is an issue. A long form is sent to every guest as soon as the booking is made, with a very detailed explanation on how to check in, how to live in the flat and on things to do in the neighborhood. 1-Sightseeing You will find ev"
15273	Bright and luxurious 750 sq. ft. apartment with balcony on the 6th floor (with elevator) with a breathe taking view on the Seine river, Notre Dame, Ile-de-la-Cité, the Sacré-Coeur and the Louvre, located in the heart of St-Germain-des-Prés - St Michel District. This apartment has an entrance, a panoramic living room with kitchen, two bedrooms and a shower room. It has been renovated with high quality furnishings and beautiful decoration. It is located a walking distance from all monuments of the center of Paris (Notre-Dame, Louvre, Sainte-Chapelle, Orsay museum, Pantheon, Luxembourg Garden, St-Michel Fountain, Ile-Saint-Louis, city hall, ...). The neighborhood is nice and trendy. It offer full comfort services : international TV, WIFI, fully equipped kitchen with washing machine, fully equipped shower room. It is a perfect apartment for unforgettable and romantic vacation in Paris.	Bright and luxurious 600 sq. ft. apartment with balcony on the 6th floor with a breathe taking view on the Seine river, Notre Dame, Ile-de-la-Cité, the Sacré-Coeur and the Louvre, located in the heart of St-Germain-des-Prés - St Michel District. Bright and luxurious 750 sq. ft. apartment with balcony on the 6th floor (with elevator) with a breathe taking view on the Seine river, Notre Dame, Ile-de-la-Cité, the Sacré-Coeur and the Louvre, located in the heart of St-Germain-des-Prés - St Michel District. This apartment has an entrance, a panoramic living room with kitchen, two bedrooms and a shower room. It has been renovated with high quality furnishings and beautiful decoration. It is located a walking distance from all monuments of the center of Paris (Notre-Dame, Louvre, Sainte-Chapelle, Orsay museum, Pantheon, Luxembourg Garden, St-Michel Fountain, Ile-Saint-Louis, city hall, ...). The neighborhood is nice and trendy. It offer full comfort services : international TV, WIFI, fully eq
15274	Avec ses poutres du 16ème siècle et son design contemporain, cet appartement de 55 m2 offre un vaste volume grâce à une très belle hauteur sous plafond de près de 4 m. Son couchage en mezzanine, avec un lit de 160 cm, vous permettra de voir la Seine couler sous vos fenêtres. Et le soleil se coucher sur le Pont des Arts. Idéal pour deux personnes, l'appartement peut en accueillir quatre, grâce à un canapé lit deux places d'excellente qualité. L'intimité des deux couchages est assurée par un rideau de séparation entre mezzanine et salon. Pour un petit déjeuner royal à l'appartement ou un dîner fin aux chandelles, vous pourrez vous approvisionner au marché de la rue de Buci avec ses boucherie, poissonnerie, fromagerie, primeurs et le boulanger Paul ainsi qu’ un supermarché ouvert jusqu’à minuit ! 	Avec ses poutres du 16ème siècle et son design contemporain, cet appartement de 55 m2 offre un vaste volume grâce à une très belle hauteur sous plafond de près de 4 m. Son couchage en mezzanine, avec un lit de 160 cm, vous permettra de voir la Seine couler sous vos fenêtres. Et le soleil se coucher sur le Pont des Arts. Idéal pour deux personnes, l'appartement peut en accueillir quatre, grâce à un canapé lit deux places d'excellente qualité. L'intimité des deux couchages est assurée par un rideau de séparation entre mezzanine et salon. Pour un petit déjeuner royal à l'appartement ou un dîner fin aux chandelles, vous pourrez vous approvisionner au marché de la rue de Buci avec ses boucherie, poissonnerie, fromagerie, primeurs et le boulanger Paul ainsi qu’ un supermarché ouvert jusqu’à minuit ! Une cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée dessert un bar en angle bordé de tabourets en cuir.  Grande salle de bains avec une vaste baignoire, entourée de miroirs. Serviettes de bains, draps et
15275	"This charming three-room apartment 55 sqm, for 5 persons max is fully renovated and decorated in a trendy baroque arty parisian style. You can occupy it entirely for a minimum of 4 days.  Comprising a large living room, 2 bedrooms with real beds, bathroom and toilet, fully equipped kitchen, free WIFI internet included.  Decorated with style, character and antique furniture. Very bright, 6th floor. Very quiet courtyard.  Montparnasse district. 5 minutes walk from the Luxembourg Gardens. 15 minutes walk from Saint Germain des Prés. Very lively: many restaurants at all prices, the most prestigious (TheCloserie des Lilas, La Coupole, Le Select ...) and more affordable but typical ""bistrots"". Trendy bars with a lively atmosphere. Many cinemas and theaters. Supermarket and bakery 100m away.  • Living room: spacious, double exposure.  sofa, two leather armchairs, a table for 6 people.  32 ""LCD TV with 140 national and international TV channels.  • Bedroom 1: double bed 140x190cm, voltaire cha"	"This charming three-room apartment 55 sqm, for 5 persons max decorated in a trendy baroque arty parisian style.  You can occupy it entirely for a minimum of 4 days.  This charming three-room apartment 55 sqm, for 5 persons max is fully renovated and decorated in a trendy baroque arty parisian style. You can occupy it entirely for a minimum of 4 days.  Comprising a large living room, 2 bedrooms with real beds, bathroom and toilet, fully equipped kitchen, free WIFI internet included.  Decorated with style, character and antique furniture. Very bright, 6th floor. Very quiet courtyard.  Montparnasse district. 5 minutes walk from the Luxembourg Gardens. 15 minutes walk from Saint Germain des Prés. Very lively: many restaurants at all prices, the most prestigious (TheCloserie des Lilas, La Coupole, Le Select ...) and more affordable but typical ""bistrots"". Trendy bars with a lively atmosphere. Many cinemas and theaters. Supermarket and bakery 100m away.  • Living room: spacious, double expos"
15276	This typically Parisian charming flat has 3 floors: one bedroom (queen size + TV) in the basement, kitchen (fully equipped with all major appliances and cooking utensils) , dining area and bathroom (shower) on the ground floor; living room (TV), WC, one bedroom (king size) and bathroom in the first floor. 	"Charming 2 bedroom flat very centrally located in one of the most popular and charming streets of Paris (Rue Jacob), just a few few steps from Saint Germain-de-Prés and its ""cafés"", the shops in Rue de Rennes, Museums, the Seine and the Notre Dame This typically Parisian charming flat has 3 floors: one bedroom (queen size + TV) in the basement, kitchen (fully equipped with all major appliances and cooking utensils) , dining area and bathroom (shower) on the ground floor; living room (TV), WC, one bedroom (king size) and bathroom in the first floor.  We are in love with Paris. We are more than happy to guide you through your stay and give you tips on the hidden places and charming restaurants around Saint Germain In Saint Germain, you really live the Paris way. Wonder around the Saint Germain neighborhood, have a Croque Monsieur at the Café de Flore, walk along the Boulevard Saint Michel and visit the École des Beaux Arts, Ile de la Cité, Luxembourg gardens, book shops along the river.."
15277	Saint Germain des Près - Mabillon - Odeon The apartment is in the ideal location, on the famous place Saint Sulpice, the best place for visit all the monuments and the most beautiful places in paris walk. You will be in the heart of the Latin Quarter of Saint Germain des Près, in the 6th arrondissement, the most historic and romantic district of Paris. More precisely in front of the church of Saint Sulpice A few steps from the famous Café de Flore, you are also close to the Jardin du Luxembourg, the Ile Saint-Louis, the Pont des Arts, near the best restaurants, bars and cinemas, art galleries, two steps the mythical café de Flore. Notre Dame De Paris, Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens within 5 minutes. Ideal location to visit all the monuments of Paris on foot, nearby. A cosy apartment of 20m2, 2nd floor, renovated, quiet, ideal for couples, in a beautiful Parisian building. Room with a real big bed (a brand new bed from July 2015), parquet flooring, wardrobe, dining room with kitchen (NESP	Saint Germain des Près - Mabillon - Odeon The apartment is in the ideal location, the best place for visit all the monuments and the most beautiful places in paris walk. You will be in the most historic and romantic district of Paris. Saint Germain des Près - Mabillon - Odeon The apartment is in the ideal location, on the famous place Saint Sulpice, the best place for visit all the monuments and the most beautiful places in paris walk. You will be in the heart of the Latin Quarter of Saint Germain des Près, in the 6th arrondissement, the most historic and romantic district of Paris. More precisely in front of the church of Saint Sulpice A few steps from the famous Café de Flore, you are also close to the Jardin du Luxembourg, the Ile Saint-Louis, the Pont des Arts, near the best restaurants, bars and cinemas, art galleries, two steps the mythical café de Flore. Notre Dame De Paris, Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens within 5 minutes. Ideal location to visit all the monuments of Paris on foot
15278	The apartment is situated in the 6th arrondissement just next to the Luxembourg gardens, only 10 minute walk away from main Paris attractions like The Notre Dame Cathedral, Quartier Latin,docks of Seine and the Louvre Museum. The apartment is luminous and quite, with one bedroom, a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and an entrance hall.  In the room there is the 140x200 double bed and the big closet.  The kitchen is equipped with all the kitchenware necessities. We have very fast wifi connection.  Towels and sheets are included for the guests	Our apartment is located in one of the most beautiful & safe parts of Paris, in 6th district next to the Luxembourg Gardens  down the street & lots of places to enjoy the real Paris vibe. The apartment is situated in the 6th arrondissement just next to the Luxembourg gardens, only 10 minute walk away from main Paris attractions like The Notre Dame Cathedral, Quartier Latin,docks of Seine and the Louvre Museum. The apartment is luminous and quite, with one bedroom, a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and an entrance hall.  In the room there is the 140x200 double bed and the big closet.  The kitchen is equipped with all the kitchenware necessities. We have very fast wifi connection.  Towels and sheets are included for the guests You will have access to the entire apartment. We are available at any time for any questions and also are ready to give you local tips and guides. We live in 6th district which is one of the safest, cleanest and most beautiful area of the city.  Just down the st
15279	Proche des plus beaux monuments historiques : le Louvre, Notre Dame... Jardin du Luxembourg à 5 minutes à pied Equipé d'un Frigo / Micro-Onde  / plaques à induction / Internet Wifi / cheminée  Deux lits 2 places  L'appartement se situe au 2ème étage  	En plein coeur de Paris, entre Saint-Germain-des-Prés et Sèvres-Babylone, charmant appartement de 32 m2, qui vous permettra de profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Une grande pièce + une mezzanine. Poutres et pierres apparentes = authentique  Proche des plus beaux monuments historiques : le Louvre, Notre Dame... Jardin du Luxembourg à 5 minutes à pied Equipé d'un Frigo / Micro-Onde  / plaques à induction / Internet Wifi / cheminée  Deux lits 2 places  L'appartement se situe au 2ème étage Je me tiens à votre disposition par mail pour toute information concernant votre séjour parisien et je serais à Paris ou proche pendant votre séjour.  En plein coeur d'un quartier riche de restaurants, bars, galeries, magasins, vous aurez à vos pieds tous les services indispensables à un séjour agréable.  Le quartier est formidable tant pour les visites, que le shopping ou les sorties.  Ligne 12 Sèvres Babylone Ligne 4 Saint Germain des Prés ou Saint Sulpice Ligne 10 Mabillon Station Vélib dans
15280	Located on one of the most charming streets of Saint Germain des Pres. Walking distance to several restaurants, bistros, cafes, bookstores and boulangeries. One block from Seine River and Carrefour de l'Odéon.  Someone will be at the apartment upon the arrival and departure of each guest. We will also be available during their stay, should they need assistance for anything. Minimum stay duration is 7 nights.	This large apartment sleep s 4 people extremeley comfortably, and is situated on a very quiet and charming street in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres. 3rd floor walk-up, the apartment boasts plenty of natural light & measures 72 meters squared. Located on one of the most charming streets of Saint Germain des Pres. Walking distance to several restaurants, bistros, cafes, bookstores and boulangeries. One block from Seine River and Carrefour de l'Odéon.  Someone will be at the apartment upon the arrival and departure of each guest. We will also be available during their stay, should they need assistance for anything. Minimum stay duration is 7 nights. Our apartment manager offers a wide range of luxury concierge assistance at an addtional cost for services, should you need at least a car service arranging.
15281	Metro Vavin or Notre Dame des Champs, in Montparnasse/Luxembourg area. In a lively, but safe area. Many schools and universities. All commodities nearby. Supermarkets in the street. Bakery just outside the building. Cafés, restaurants, bars, movie theatres. 1 mn from the Jardin du Luxembourg, a nice park and great for joggers. 15 mn away by metro from Latin quarter, 25 mn away by metro from Pigalle (Moulin Rouge, Monmatre etc), 15 mn away from Champs Elysées by métro. Also many buses around that will take you everywhere. Modern building, high standard, with code, interphone. 5th floor with elevator. Overlooking the street. 2 big balconies with table and chairs where you can eat. Great neighborhood. Kitchen with conventional oven, micro-wave oven fridge, freezer, dish washer… Everything you need to cook and eat.  Sheets, towels and all types of linen included.. A very cute, cozy and clean, fully furnished studio apartment. 1 very comfortable bed that sleeps 2. Free WIFI, flat screen TV,	Metro Vavin or Notre Dame des Champs, in Montparnasse/Luxembourg area. In a lively, but safe area. Many schools and universities. All commodities nearby. Supermarkets in the street. Bakery just outside the building. Cafés, restaurants, bars, movie theatres. 1 mn from the Jardin du Luxembourg, a nice park and great for joggers. 15 mn away by metro from Latin quarter, 25 mn away by metro from Pigalle (Moulin Rouge, Monmatre etc), 15 mn away from Champs Elysées by métro. Also many buses around that will take you everywhere. Modern building, high standard, with code, interphone. 5th floor with elevator. Overlooking the street. 2 big balconies with table and chairs where you can eat. Great neighborhood. Kitchen with conventional oven, micro-wave oven fridge, freezer, dish washer… Everything you need to cook and eat.  Sheets, towels and all types of linen included.. A very cute, cozy and clean, fully furnished studio apartment. 1 very comfortable bed that sleeps 2. Free WIFI, flat screen TV,
15282	Large apartment of 90 m2, you will benefit from an exceptional location for your trip! Located on the ground floor, this place is a pleasure to stay in and is so close to any hot spot in town! With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!  This apartment can accommodate up to 10 people has 3 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom.	Modern apartment in Saint Germain, within the immediate proximity of the Luxembourg Gardens and the shopping streets. Ground floor. 90 m2, stylish and colorful atmosphere, 3 bedrooms and parking nearby Large apartment of 90 m2, you will benefit from an exceptional location for your trip! Located on the ground floor, this place is a pleasure to stay in and is so close to any hot spot in town! With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!  This apartment can accommodate up to 10 people has 3 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. Free Wifi Access and Cable TV provided I provide my clients with clean towels and linens  I'm always available for my guests! Ideally located a stone’s throw away from the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens, the apartment is the perfect base for all business travellers or tourists who wish to visit the Île de la Cité, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Saint-Germain and Saint-Michel d
15283	The room has a full size bed, tables, linens and towels. It also has a wardrobe, a table, where you can enjoy your breakfast, next to the balcony.The apartment has 1 bedroom, a shower, a kitchen with all the necessary equipment (fridge, microwave oven , toaster) and all kinds of utensils. It has high speed Wi-Fi.	Light and airy apartment with balcony on the famous Blvd du Montparnasse, the 6th arrondissement and heart of Paris. The room has a full size bed, tables, linens and towels. It also has a wardrobe, a table, where you can enjoy your breakfast, next to the balcony.The apartment has 1 bedroom, a shower, a kitchen with all the necessary equipment (fridge, microwave oven , toaster) and all kinds of utensils. It has high speed Wi-Fi. Next door to a grocery store open until midnight.  Excellent location to discover the 6th district of Paris as well as, the Montparnasse area that became famous in the 1920s, referred to as les Années Folles (the Crazy Years), and the 1930s as the heart of intellectual and artistic life in Paris. The area is also known for cafes and bars, such as the Breton restaurants specializing in crêpes (thin pancakes) located a few blocks from the Gare Montparnasse. The large Montparnasse Bienvenue metro station.  > 1min to Montparnasse Bienvenue metro. Lines (phone number
15284	Un petit deux pièce avec une vue magnifique sur le quartier Saint Michel. A l'entrée de l'appartement avec une cuisine équipé: micro-onde, des plaques électriques, lave linge, les vaisselles, tout ce qu'il faut pour préparer un repas simple. à gauche de l'entrée c'est la salle de douche avec WC dedans, simple mais pratique. En face de la porte se trouve le salon avec un canapé (convertible confortable pour 1 personne), écran plat sur un meuble télé et une table basse. La connexion de wifi est de très bon débit.  Dans la chambre, le lit double confortable pour deux personnes qui face les fenêtres avec une vue sur paris. Un placard simple dans à côté de lit.  Et des lumières à côté de lit éclairer toute la chambre. Le petit balcon se trouve juste devant les fenêtres qui profites une vue magnifique du quartier Latin: Panthéon, Tour Eiffel, Boulevard St Michel, etc.... 	En plein centre de paris dans le quartier Latin Sympathique deux piéces boulevard saint michel avec vue sur la tour Eiffel et Panthéon tout confort ideal pour un séjour génial. Un petit deux pièce avec une vue magnifique sur le quartier Saint Michel. A l'entrée de l'appartement avec une cuisine équipé: micro-onde, des plaques électriques, lave linge, les vaisselles, tout ce qu'il faut pour préparer un repas simple. à gauche de l'entrée c'est la salle de douche avec WC dedans, simple mais pratique. En face de la porte se trouve le salon avec un canapé (convertible confortable pour 1 personne), écran plat sur un meuble télé et une table basse. La connexion de wifi est de très bon débit.  Dans la chambre, le lit double confortable pour deux personnes qui face les fenêtres avec une vue sur paris. Un placard simple dans à côté de lit.  Et des lumières à côté de lit éclairer toute la chambre. Le petit balcon se trouve juste devant les fenêtres qui profites une vue magnifique du quartier Lati
15285	This beautiful and luminous one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. Situated on the lively Rue Dauphine, it is 1 min away from the rue de Buci with its bakeries, restaurants, shops, and supermarket. Recently fully renovated, you will love the cozy furniture and decoration. On the 3rd floor (ground floor + 3) without an elevator, it features a spacious living room, and a very nice bedroom on the court side. It can accommodate 4 guests. This apartment of about 50 square meters (or approx. 538sq ft) features a spacious and luminous living room with three large windows on the street side. Furniture includes a high-quality convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters), a dining table for four, a desk, a bookshelf, a coffee table, a pouf, an armchair, a closet, a cable TV with several international channels and internet in Wi-Fi. The lovely decoration, furniture, wooden beams, wooden floor, and exposed stone walls contribute to the pecu	Stylish one bedroom apartment located Rue Dauphine, next to the carrefour Buci, in Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. 3rd floor without an elevator. Beautiful & modern decoration with wooden beams, wooden floor, and exposed stone walls. This beautiful and luminous one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. Situated on the lively Rue Dauphine, it is 1 min away from the rue de Buci with its bakeries, restaurants, shops, and supermarket. Recently fully renovated, you will love the cozy furniture and decoration. On the 3rd floor (ground floor + 3) without an elevator, it features a spacious living room, and a very nice bedroom on the court side. It can accommodate 4 guests. This apartment of about 50 square meters (or approx. 538sq ft) features a spacious and luminous living room with three large windows on the street side. Furniture includes a high-quality convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters), a dining table for four, 
15286	"Beautiful 61 square meter apartment, fully furnished and quiet, at the heart of St Germain-des-prés. The apartment is located between rue du Bac and the church of Saint Germain, few-minute walk from 3 subway stations: Rue du Bac (Ligne 12), Saint Germain des Pres (Ligne 4), Mabillon (Ligne 10). The district of Saint Germain des Pres is ideal to discover Paris. The apartment is in the heart of the antiquarian district, called ""carré rive gauche"". The district of le Marais, le Louvre, la Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, le musée d'Orsay, la place de la Concorde, le jardin des Tuileries ainsi que le jardin du Luxembourg are few minute walk from the apartment. 10 min walking distance, you'll find the Bon Marché and  la Grande Épicerie de Paris (delicatessen). A lot of restaurants ( L 'entrecote, Le Germain, Le Bar du Marché ), cafés ( Café de Flore, Les Deux Magots ) and Bars ( Mabillon, Le Pré, la rue des Canettes)  are 5-10 minutes from the apartment. The apt, bright and calm, is at the f"	"Beautiful 61 square meter apartment, fully furnished and quiet, at the heart of St Germain-des-prés. The apartment is located between rue du Bac and the church of Saint Germain, few-minute walk from 3 subway stations: Rue du Bac (Ligne 12), Saint Germain des Pres (Ligne 4), Mabillon (Ligne 10). The district of Saint Germain des Pres is ideal to discover Paris. The apartment is in the heart of the antiquarian district, called ""carré rive gauche"". The district of le Marais, le Louvre, la Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, le musée d'Orsay, la place de la Concorde, le jardin des Tuileries ainsi que le jardin du Luxembourg are few minute walk from the apartment. 10 min walking distance, you'll find the Bon Marché and  la Grande Épicerie de Paris (delicatessen). A lot of restaurants ( L 'entrecote, Le Germain, Le Bar du Marché ), cafés ( Café de Flore, Les Deux Magots ) and Bars ( Mabillon, Le Pré, la rue des Canettes)  are 5-10 minutes from the apartment. The apt, bright and calm, is at the f"
15287	This spacious and charming apartment right in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés offers the best of comfort and french elegance. It features an entrance hall, a nice and spacious living-room with parquet floor, a convivial dining-room, a fully equipped kitchen. It can accomodate up to 5 guests with a master bedroom (queensize bed),  a second bedroom (two single beds), and a study featuring a small mezzanine to sleep an additional guest. Shower-room and separate toilet.  This charming property is the perfect fit for a classy stay in one of Paris most privileged location.	On the 3rd floor with elevator of a building in Saint-Germain des Prés, a nice apartment featuring a spacious living, a dining room, two bedrooms, an equiped kitchen, a bathroom with separated toilet and an office with mezzanine bed This spacious and charming apartment right in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés offers the best of comfort and french elegance. It features an entrance hall, a nice and spacious living-room with parquet floor, a convivial dining-room, a fully equipped kitchen. It can accomodate up to 5 guests with a master bedroom (queensize bed),  a second bedroom (two single beds), and a study featuring a small mezzanine to sleep an additional guest. Shower-room and separate toilet.  This charming property is the perfect fit for a classy stay in one of Paris most privileged location. Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV.  House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in
15288	Apartment JACOB street in the hearth of Saint Germain des Prés along the church: as well as the well-known ‘Latin Quarter’ of Paris. on 70 meters square on two level : ground floor and first floor : It is a family apartment for 6 guests.  Ground floor on court yard very quiet and sunlight Living room with TV , dinning room for 6 and separated kitchen Internet wifi and Adsl + international TV channels. Kitchen with washing machine, dish washer, electric dryer, electric oven and microwave, kettle, cafe machin. First floor level 2 bedrooms : 1 with a king bed de 180 cm X 200 cm , second bedroom with twin beds 90*200 cm  Bathroom with sink, showers  One separated toilet on the first level.	On 2 levels, Family apartment in the hearth of Saint Germain des Prés with 2 separated bedrooms, one living, one kitchen , one bathroom and one WC on court yard. For 6 guests : One large bed : 180 cm X 200 cm , Twin beds 90*200 cm and one sofabed Apartment JACOB street in the hearth of Saint Germain des Prés along the church: as well as the well-known ‘Latin Quarter’ of Paris. on 70 meters square on two level : ground floor and first floor : It is a family apartment for 6 guests.  Ground floor on court yard very quiet and sunlight Living room with TV , dinning room for 6 and separated kitchen Internet wifi and Adsl + international TV channels. Kitchen with washing machine, dish washer, electric dryer, electric oven and microwave, kettle, cafe machin. First floor level 2 bedrooms : 1 with a king bed de 180 cm X 200 cm , second bedroom with twin beds 90*200 cm  Bathroom with sink, showers  One separated toilet on the first level. All this gives us a prime address in the centre of Paris. 
15289	Located on the 2nd floor of a small building, you will be seduced by the charm of this lovely 1 bedroom apartment  - An entry with many cupboards - Separate WC  - A main room with dining table ( 6 persons ), a sofa bed (2 persons) , a coffee table.  - The kitchen is open to the main room and is fully equipped (oven , washer dryer , dishwasher, ... )  - The room has a single bed ( l130 cm) and has an en-suite bathroom (shower and basin) .  The apartment was renovated in 2013.  It is equipped with Internet and Cable TV  	Located on the 2nd floor of a small building, you will be seduced by the charm of this lovely 1 bedroom apartment  - An entry with many cupboards - Separate WC  - A main room with dining table ( 6 persons ), a sofa bed (2 persons) , a coffee table.  - The kitchen is open to the main room and is fully equipped (oven , washer dryer , dishwasher, ... )  - The room has a single bed ( l130 cm) and has an en-suite bathroom (shower and basin) .  The apartment was renovated in 2013.  It is equipped with Internet and Cable TV  The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may have.  We will also meet our guests on their day of departure. You will stay in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres whose history is definitely linked to the cultural and artistic life of Paris. Feel free to sit
15290	The studio has been recently renovated and is in perfect condition. The room is private with its own entrance. The studio gives on to a courtyard so it is relatively quiet. It consists of one main living space with convertible sofa bed and separate shower and toilet. There is a large television with cable tv and internet. There is also a small terrace for sipping your morning coffee in the Parisian sun (when it shines)!  The studio is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. It cannot get any better, right beside the churches of Saint Germain des Prés and Saint Sulpice, in one of the most lively and fashionable areas of Paris, with many shops...  The neighborhood is very busy .. there are clubs and bars around but the studio is very quiet. • Exact location : Odéon - Quartier Latin  Metro line 4: Odéon (Gare du Nord / Eurostar train station, Gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse, metro line to Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle) and Metro line 10 : Mabillon and Gare d'Austerlitz • You are at	The studio has been recently renovated and is in perfect condition. The room is private with its own entrance. The studio gives on to a courtyard so it is relatively quiet. It consists of one main living space with convertible sofa bed and separate shower and toilet. There is a large television with cable tv and internet. There is also a small terrace for sipping your morning coffee in the Parisian sun (when it shines)!  The studio is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. It cannot get any better, right beside the churches of Saint Germain des Prés and Saint Sulpice, in one of the most lively and fashionable areas of Paris, with many shops...  The neighborhood is very busy .. there are clubs and bars around but the studio is very quiet. • Exact location : Odéon - Quartier Latin  Metro line 4: Odéon (Gare du Nord / Eurostar train station, Gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse, metro line to Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle) and Metro line 10 : Mabillon and Gare d'Austerlitz • You are at
15291	Cozy bright and quiet studio in typical XVIIIth century Parisian building in central Paris.	Looking for a convenient yet casual place to stay while touring Paris? This studio has all the utilities and comfort, and the central location near Notre Dame and the Louvre is perfect to embrace the Parisian Life! Cozy bright and quiet studio in typical XVIIIth century Parisian building in central Paris. Feel free to mail me if you have any questions about the neighbourhood: I'll be glad to give you tips about the best restaurants, shops and museums, to make your Rive Gauche stay a success! Ideal location at the heart of the Left Bank and Saint Germain des Prés: 5 minutes walk to Notre Dame and to the famous Café de Flore. You will experience Parisian life in the most intellectual/hype/chic/gourmet places: Le Bon Marché department store, Laduree and Pierre Herme Macarons and many more! Within 5 minutes walk, the Metro line 4 takes you to Notre Dame and line 10  to Musée d'Orsay and the RER B straight to Charles de Gaulle Airport. Withing 10 minutes walk across the Seine the Metro line
15292	Stunning 30m² apartment apartment in the chic Saint-Germain-des-Prés area , located on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building in the heart of the chic Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Separate living room and bedroom, exposed beams, (email hidden)e flat is perfectly quiet It is a perfect match between a purely traditional Parisian furniture in the living room and a fully equipped modern kitchen. There is a bedroom with a double bed and a sofa bed in the living room.Would perfectly suit lovers or a small group of friends who want to experience Paris as real Parisians ! Linens, towels and professional cleaning before your stay, are all included in the rent.	Stunning 30m² apartment apartment in the chic Saint-Germain-des-Prés area , located on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building in the heart of the chic Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Separate living room and bedroom, exposed beams, (email hidden)e flat is perfectly quiet It is a perfect match between a purely traditional Parisian furniture in the living room and a fully equipped modern kitchen. There is a bedroom with a double bed and a sofa bed in the living room.Would perfectly suit lovers or a small group of friends who want to experience Paris as real Parisians ! Linens, towels and professional cleaning before your stay, are all included in the rent. In the heart of the 6th arrondissement of Paris, you can walk through the chic and trendy streets of the Saint-Germain-des-Prés district. You will be able to stroll around the neighbourhood and discover its charming appeal and its many art galleries. You are at the heart of the district where the intellectuals (novelists, philosophers, a
15293	Comfortable two bedrooms apartment perfectly located Quai des Gds Augustins, along the Seine River in the 6th arrt. In front of Ile de la Cité with the Notre Dame Cathedral & next to Place St-Michel, it is easy to access as it is on the ground floor.	Comfortable two bedrooms apartment perfectly located Quai des Gds Augustins, along the Seine River in the 6th arrt. In front of Ile de la Cité with the Notre Dame Cathedral & next to Place St-Michel, it is easy to access as it is on the ground floor. Comfortable two bedrooms apartment perfectly located Quai des Gds Augustins, along the Seine River in the 6th arrt. In front of Ile de la Cité with the Notre Dame Cathedral & next to Place St-Michel, it is easy to access as it is on the ground floor. Many attractions are at a walking distance: Bateau mouche on the River, 10 min to Louvre Museum, 10 min to Luxembourg Gardens, 15 min to Pantheon, 10 min to Paris’ City Hall, 12 min to Ile Saint Louis, 25 min to Place de la Concorde, 20 min to Musée d’Orsay, 10 min to Place Saint Germain des Prés (area famous for its art galleries), and Saint Sulpice Church 13 min.  One of the best locations, and perfect for a family! The closest metro and RER station “Saint Michel” is only 3 min away where yo
15294	When Humphrey Bogart said “We’ll always have Paris”, his words expressed the voices of many.  There are those personalities who develop a ‘je ne sais quoi’ for Paris... those who simply cannot resist the magical allure of the French capital, some of the most famous amongst them being Bogart himself, of course, Greta Garbo, Cole Porter and, more recently, the English actress, Kristen Scott Thomas. Over time, many of these seasoned regulars, be they entertainment personalities or not, by the necessity of their addiction, cannot resist the urge to purchase their own piece of Paris: a flat, an apartment, a pied-à-terre or ‘foot on the ground’ as the French like to refer to it. This decision not only legitimizes the owner spending even more time in the city he or she loves, but it is also one which makes financial good sense for these happily addicted souls, who no longer have to pay for expensive hotels and eat every meal out. The owners of the ST ANDRE DES ARTS 2 flat not only decided to 	Historic Medieval Street lends charm and comfort in the heart of St Germain. Newly renovated, 1 Bedrooom/1.5 bath for 4.  Located just 5 minutes to the river, this apartment puts you in the heart of old Paris with all of the comforts of today! When Humphrey Bogart said “We’ll always have Paris”, his words expressed the voices of many.  There are those personalities who develop a ‘je ne sais quoi’ for Paris... those who simply cannot resist the magical allure of the French capital, some of the most famous amongst them being Bogart himself, of course, Greta Garbo, Cole Porter and, more recently, the English actress, Kristen Scott Thomas. Over time, many of these seasoned regulars, be they entertainment personalities or not, by the necessity of their addiction, cannot resist the urge to purchase their own piece of Paris: a flat, an apartment, a pied-à-terre or ‘foot on the ground’ as the French like to refer to it. This decision not only legitimizes the owner spending even more time in th
15295		Nice and large place in front of the Luxembourg garden (6st Arr.) within a very good building with a private garden. In the best area of Paris, few blocks from Montparnasse, Port Royal and the Luxembourg.  Walking distance to Notre Dame Cathedral.
15296	"Very nice flat, like a little house on a garden courtyard (ground floor). Double living room with a diner area with a large table for 4 people and and the other area with a sofa bed for 2 people, 3 armchairs, a cheminee and a flat screen TV with cable. Very nice fireplace, nothing better for evening winter. The independant and cosy room has a 2 people queen bed. A fith and sixth person can be host on an air bed. Wooden floor and cosy atmosphere. You can have enjoy the courtyard for breakfast and lunch, there are outdoors furnitures (1 table and 2 chairs) Nice kitchen fully equipped and bathroom with a bathtub. Towels and sheets will be ready for your arrival. There is a big wardrobe where you can hang your close. The neighborhood is very nice and quiet, between ""le Jardin du Luxembourg"" one of the nicest park in Paris and Montparnasse. Lots of restaurants, bars and cinemas around 2 minutes walk to the subway Vavin or Notre Dame des Champs and also not far (6min) from the RER train dire"	"Very nice flat, like a little house on a garden courtyard (ground floor). Double living room with a diner area with a large table for 4 people and and the other area with a sofa bed for 2 people, 3 armchairs, a cheminee and a flat screen TV with cable. Very nice fireplace, nothing better for evening winter. The independant and cosy room has a 2 people queen bed. A fith and sixth person can be host on an air bed. Wooden floor and cosy atmosphere. You can have enjoy the courtyard for breakfast and lunch, there are outdoors furnitures (1 table and 2 chairs) Nice kitchen fully equipped and bathroom with a bathtub. Towels and sheets will be ready for your arrival. There is a big wardrobe where you can hang your close. The neighborhood is very nice and quiet, between ""le Jardin du Luxembourg"" one of the nicest park in Paris and Montparnasse. Lots of restaurants, bars and cinemas around 2 minutes walk to the subway Vavin or Notre Dame des Champs and also not far (6min) from the RER train dire"
15297	This great flat is in Paris's hippest neighborhood full of aspiring filmmakers, artists, photographers and designers.  The flat has an amazing american kitchen, so you can have great meals. It's a second floor with windows in each room. There is a queen sized bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed for two people in the living room. There is a shower in the bathroom The appartement is really quiet, even in front of Café de flore, les Deux Magots and the church of St Germain des prés. You'll find many great restaurants and bars. Nightlife and cultural events are making this area very special.	An amazing flat, typical parisian style, 510sq.ft, located on the place St Germain des Prés, the most elegant and safe district of central Paris. 5min walk to the Louvre and the Luxembourg.  It's 30sec from the metro station St Germain des Prés. This great flat is in Paris's hippest neighborhood full of aspiring filmmakers, artists, photographers and designers.  The flat has an amazing american kitchen, so you can have great meals. It's a second floor with windows in each room. There is a queen sized bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed for two people in the living room. There is a shower in the bathroom The appartement is really quiet, even in front of Café de flore, les Deux Magots and the church of St Germain des prés. You'll find many great restaurants and bars. Nightlife and cultural events are making this area very special. The guests have access to the whole flat It's the absolutly best district of Paris for decades, where have always lived the famous writers, painters, architects,
15298	Our nice studio is located in the Quartier Latin near the Jardin du Luxembourg. It is on the 4th floor of a typical parisian building (no elevator, it's good for the health !). It's a very cosy place under the roof with its wooden beams, just like a little cocoon. To sleep you will have to climb the ladder that leads to a bed (for 2 people) lighted by a round window - an unique experience in Paris !  The apartment is equipped with : a washing machine, a dishwasher, an oven, a microwave, a fridge, a freezer, TV, WIFI. We provide towels, sheets and shampoo so you don't need to bring anything ! The subway stations are : Odéon (4-10), Luxembourg (RER B direct from airport Charles de Gaulles and Orly), Saint-Michel (4 and RER C) or Cluny la Sorbonne (10).  The check-in and check-out are very flexible. I'm very accommodating. Just ask and if time permits, I will receive you with pleasure at any time of the day and even late at night or early morning. Do not miss the opportunity to rent the C	Our studio in the Latin Quarter is welcoming and cozy ! It sleeps two people and it's centrally located in a quiet street near the subway Odeon and the Luxembourg Garden. You will love its bed under the roof , its wooden beams and its big bathroom. Our nice studio is located in the Quartier Latin near the Jardin du Luxembourg. It is on the 4th floor of a typical parisian building (no elevator, it's good for the health !). It's a very cosy place under the roof with its wooden beams, just like a little cocoon. To sleep you will have to climb the ladder that leads to a bed (for 2 people) lighted by a round window - an unique experience in Paris !  The apartment is equipped with : a washing machine, a dishwasher, an oven, a microwave, a fridge, a freezer, TV, WIFI. We provide towels, sheets and shampoo so you don't need to bring anything ! The subway stations are : Odéon (4-10), Luxembourg (RER B direct from airport Charles de Gaulles and Orly), Saint-Michel (4 and RER C) or Cluny la Sorbo
15299	Il est très spacieux, lumineux, traversant, orientation est-ouest. La cuisine est aussi l'entrée, elle est donc plutôt grande, et très pratique. L'immeuble est très calme. Double-vitrages bien sûr. Situé au 1er étage ( street+1)	"Il est très spacieux, lumineux, traversant, orientation est-ouest. La cuisine est aussi l'entrée, elle est donc plutôt grande, et très pratique. L'immeuble est très calme. Double-vitrages bien sûr. Situé au 1er étage ( street+1) Le quartier très calme, très safe, très proche du grand jardin du Luxembourg. Promenades, picnics, jeux, c'est la campagne à Paris. De plus il y a des commerces de nourriture tout près, un magasin bio juste en face, la vie est très facile dans ce quartier résidentiel.  C'est la partie calme du Quartier Latin, avec ses librairies, proche du Panthéon, c'est un endroit mythique. RER Luxembourg, sortie ""Rue de l'Abbé de l'Epée"". Bus 38, arrêt ""Auguste Comte."""
