12300		Cosy one bedroom flat. Bright, modern and fully furnished. Only few minutes from the Eiffel Tower, 3 metro lines (l8, l6 & l10) only 200m. Within the shopping area of rue du Commerce Wifi, TV, washing machine etc. The sofa can accomodate a 3rd person
12301		19m2  appartment in Paris for students You have everything you need in that studio ALL Quiet and nice neighborhood Metro Convention ligne 12 Tramway T3 Porte de Versailles Bus 80, 39 and 62
12302		chaleureux intime confortable grd balcon pr dejeuner ou diner devant la tour eiffel illuminée lit très confortable tout près de montparnasse st germain des près 15 minutes des champs.   elysées 20 minutes du marais !magasin LDL en bas de l imm.marché
12303	I like living in Paris in spite of its hectic and often stressful rhythm. But it's such a pleasure when I go back home, right in the heart of the capital, to find a haven of peace,  clear and spacious. A place of ressourcement. Right after the hall, you'll cross a small courtyard. On the right, artist workshops, and on the left,  repairers of coffee machines.  The loft is on the first floor, 1022 sq ft, consisting of a big room of 699 sq ft (including a lounge with a comfy sofa bed, a desk, an equipped American kitchen), and bedroom of 193 sq ft with a queen size bed, a bathroom, toilets. The freshly renovated apartment is in perfect condition. · Equipment of the main room:  comfortable sofa bed in front of the flat screen television, WiFi, a desk, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a fridge-freezer, hobs and electric oven, Coffee machine Krups Dolce Vita, toaster, dishes, electric lemon squeezers, kitchen utensils, kitchen linen, 2 electric heaters  Equipment of the bed room: comfortabl	Close to the Eiffel Tower, spacious and beautiful apartment which can welcome up to 4 guests. Wide living room, big bedroom, and a bathroom Bright and quiet, equipped with all the modern comfort. Sheets and towels supplied. At 3 nights minimum.  I like living in Paris in spite of its hectic and often stressful rhythm. But it's such a pleasure when I go back home, right in the heart of the capital, to find a haven of peace,  clear and spacious. A place of ressourcement. Right after the hall, you'll cross a small courtyard. On the right, artist workshops, and on the left,  repairers of coffee machines.  The loft is on the first floor, 1022 sq ft, consisting of a big room of 699 sq ft (including a lounge with a comfy sofa bed, a desk, an equipped American kitchen), and bedroom of 193 sq ft with a queen size bed, a bathroom, toilets. The freshly renovated apartment is in perfect condition. · Equipment of the main room:  comfortable sofa bed in front of the flat screen television, WiFi, a d
12304	Logement  de 40 m2 avec grande chambre équipée  du nécessaire  pour rangement. Dans la chambre: Lit  deux places matelas  mémoire  de forme. Matériel  de sport  Cuisine avec  four à  gaz, micro ondes, réfrigérateur -congélateur,  machine  à  laver et séchoir. (Pas de sèche -linge mais la machine  est dernier cri ) Salon  avec grand sofa -lit très  confortable, télévision  Wifi , internet. .. Salle de bain avec douché.  Serviettes, shampooing,  gel douche,  savon, sèche  cheveux sur place	Situé  en plein coeur  de Paris et à proximité de plusieurs lignes de métro et de tram,  l'appartement permet de se rendre aisément aux 4 coins de la  capitale. Logement  de 40 m2 avec grande chambre équipée  du nécessaire  pour rangement. Dans la chambre: Lit  deux places matelas  mémoire  de forme. Matériel  de sport  Cuisine avec  four à  gaz, micro ondes, réfrigérateur -congélateur,  machine  à  laver et séchoir. (Pas de sèche -linge mais la machine  est dernier cri ) Salon  avec grand sofa -lit très  confortable, télévision  Wifi , internet. .. Salle de bain avec douché.  Serviettes, shampooing,  gel douche,  savon, sèche  cheveux sur place Accès  à  chambre, cuisine, salle de bain,  internet, la télévision,  machine à laver,  séchoir,  sèche cheveux etc Oui Derrière l'appartement,  une  piste de course ainsi que deux terrains de football donnent la possibilité  de se dépenser. Une piscine à 3 minutes à  pieds et Aquaboulevard  à 15- 20 mn en tram. Le quartier est animé et proche 
12305		Quartier calme et bien desservit, proche métro ligne 8 (arrêt Boucicaut). Appartement tout équipé (machine à laver et lessive mis à disposition). Canapé-lit dans le salon, possibilité d'être à 6 personnes. Mise à disposition d'une place de parking
12306	Calme, bien agencé, ce dernier vous permettra de passer un moment conviviale tout en gardant, une certaine intimité.	Chambre, bien située, proche du metro Plaisance ou Pernety (5 min a pied).Proche Gare Montparnasse (10min a pied), jardin du Luxembourg, Tour Eiffel, Invalides, St Germain. I propose you a nice room near to Montparnasse railway station. The first tube station is about 5min by walk.  See you soon. Calme, bien agencé, ce dernier vous permettra de passer un moment conviviale tout en gardant, une certaine intimité. Télé,Home cinéma, PlayStation 4, Cuisine, internet, salon Possibilité d'échange, conseils, aide dans vos déplacement. Les différents commerces proches. Metro à 5 min a pied. (Plaisance ou Pernety) Gare Montparnasse à 10min à pied.  Tube station about 5 minutes by walk. Montparnasse railway station about 10 min.
12307		"Nice and bright Apartment, 2 bedrooms . Nice view City. 10 minutes walk from metro Porte de Versailles (line 12). Very usefoul for persons attending exhibition or fairs at ""Parc des expositions""    "
12308	It has a living room with an American cuisine and an comfortable convertible couch. A big bedroom for two childrens full of toys! The parents' bedroom has a piano. The bathroom has a tub. Wifi, international TV channels, lot of books, movies and musics.	Our apartment is nice and cosy, closed to Eiffel Tower, in a very central and living area, in a beautiful old building in a private passage, very closed to the Eiffel Tower. It has a living room with an American cuisine and an comfortable convertible couch. A big bedroom for two childrens full of toys! The parents' bedroom has a piano. The bathroom has a tub. Wifi, international TV channels, lot of books, movies and musics. Parking: 200m from the apartment. Toys: your kids can play with all of them. Phone: The regular phone can be used for local (website hidden), DVD: Put the source on HDMI and use the black remote control for the digital TV. There is also a plenty of DVD for kids … Bed: there is a sofa bed. You can find the duvet in our bed room in the storage cupboard. Towels / sheets: you have clean towels in the bathroom. The beds are with clean sheets. When you leave, just get them off and put them on the bed. Wifi connection Un proche vous accueillera et vous présentera l'apparte
12309		Private spacious room in a charming flat close to all amenities, furnished with wifi, washing & dish machines, video projector, nespresso,..  To share with 3 kind roomates between 26 and 30 years old (2 boys, 1 girl). Ideal to discover Paris ! Don't worry about the deposit, it is just a safety I will use in case of emergency
12310	The flat is located in a dynamic area and close to three tube lines. Also, going to the Eiffel Tower will take you only 20min by walk ! The flat is perfect for a couple or for 4 friends.	Cosy and functional studio, 20min by foot far from Eiffel Tower. Close from tube lines 8 and 10 and RER C.  Located in a dynamic area (shops, market). Perfect for a couple or 4 friends who would like to visit the city.    The flat is located in a dynamic area and close to three tube lines. Also, going to the Eiffel Tower will take you only 20min by walk ! The flat is perfect for a couple or for 4 friends. Freezer, fridge, microwaves, washing machine, kitchen staff and television. Fan in summer. I will meet the travelers when I'll give you the keys. After, you'll be alone in the flat for your stay. Situated on the Rive Gauche (left bank) of the River Seine and sharing the Montparnasse district with the 6th and 14th arrondissements, it is the city's most populous arrondissement. The Tour Montparnasse – the tallest skyscraper in Paris – and the neighbouring Gare Montparnasse are both located in the 15th arrondissement, at its border with the 14th. It is also home to the Parc des Expositio
12311	Logement calme sans vis à vis, les fenêtres donnent sur une cours arborée.	Appartement lumineux de 27m² comprenant une vraie cuisine, un salon salle à manger, une chambre et une salle de bain.  Proche des stations de métro La Motte Picquet Grenelle et Dupleix, à deux pas de la tour Eiffel. Logement calme sans vis à vis, les fenêtres donnent sur une cours arborée. Au 1er étage. A 5 min de la station La Motte Picquet Grenelle: ligne 6, 8 et 10 A 5 min de la station Dupleix: ligne 6.
12312	We live in Paris (15th district), in a shopping area, 5 minutes walk from the Rue du Commerce and 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. We are conveniently located with 3 subway lines (6, 8 and 10) and the bus line 80, which will take take you to any place in Paris in 30 minutes.  We offer our spacious flat of 83m ² with :  - a double living room : 3 seater sofa, table, TV + corner bar with 2 stools + desk + dining area with table and 6 chairs, - 2 bedrooms (one with 1 double bed of 140cm and the other one with a sofa bed for 2 people and a bed for a baby),  - One bathroom with bathtub and washing machine / dryer,  - Kitchen with oven, dishwasher - large closets.   We have internet and al lthe equipment if you have a baby. We will try to make your stay enjoyable by leaving you a subway map and a paris guide.	We live in Paris (15th district), in a shopping area, 5 minutes walk from the Rue du Commerce and 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. We are conveniently located with 3 subway lines (6, 8 and 10) and the bus line 80, which will take take you to any place in Paris in 30 minutes.  We offer our spacious flat of 83m ² with :  - a double living room : 3 seater sofa, table, TV + corner bar with 2 stools + desk + dining area with table and 6 chairs, - 2 bedrooms (one with 1 double bed of 140cm and the other one with a sofa bed for 2 people and a bed for a baby),  - One bathroom with bathtub and washing machine / dryer,  - Kitchen with oven, dishwasher - large closets.   We have internet and al lthe equipment if you have a baby. We will try to make your stay enjoyable by leaving you a subway map and a paris guide.
12313	This 110 square meters fully equipped apartment is ideal for 2 to 4 person or a family with 2 kids. The flat is very calm (view on garden)  You will find a large living room (40 square meters), 2 bathrooms, and 3 bedrooms The flat is 20 min walk from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. in a quartier with a lot of shops and restaurants.	This 110 square meters fully equipped apartment is ideal for 2 to 4 person or a family with 2 kids. The flat is very calm (view on garden)  You will find a large living room (40 square meters), 2 bathrooms, and 3 bedrooms The flat is 20 min walk from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. in a quartier with a lot of shops and restaurants. L'appartement dispose d'un petit balcon  Un place de parking est disponible en sous sol Echange par téléphone ou par email Situé au pied du Métro Commerce : Comme son nom l'indique est un quartier très commerçant : 2 supermarchés dans la rue (Framprix et Naturalia), ainsi qu'un pub irlandais et de nombreux restaurants et commerçants : boulangerie traditionnelle, fromagers, parfumeurs et nombreux magasins de vêtements, de chaussures... A 10 min à pieds du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle (boutiques et cinémas) 2 squares à proximité Métro Ligne 8 : Commerce au coin de la rue Métro Ligne 10 : Emile Zola à 5 min  Métro Ligne 8 : La Motte Picquet G
12314		chambre separee avec lit double, wifi et ecran plat, tout équipé style haussmanien cheminée parquet, appartement très agréable Arabic, English, Spanish Close to the Eiffel Tower, with a lot of shops  Proche de la Tour Eiffel, rue très commercante Métro Charles Michels (ligne 10) ou Felix Faure (ligne 8)
12315		Grand studio 23 m2
12316	This 1 bedroom apartment of 517 sqft (48 square meters) is located in the 15th district of Paris (rue Sextius Michel), close to the Eiffel Tower and not so far from La Motte Picquet, a very lively district. 5th floor with lift, the apartment is composed of 1 living/dining room (with a balcony), 1 separated kitchen, 1 bedroom (also with a balcony), 1 bathroom with bathtub and 1 separated toilet. The apartment has been totally renovated in November 2013 with all the modern confort, it can welcome 4 persons (the bedding is new and very confortable) for business or leisure. The closest metro in Bir Hakeim.	A beautiful place close to the Eiffel Tower to stay for vacation or business. Spacious, confortable and renovated.  This 1 bedroom apartment of 517 sqft (48 square meters) is located in the 15th district of Paris (rue Sextius Michel), close to the Eiffel Tower and not so far from La Motte Picquet, a very lively district. 5th floor with lift, the apartment is composed of 1 living/dining room (with a balcony), 1 separated kitchen, 1 bedroom (also with a balcony), 1 bathroom with bathtub and 1 separated toilet. The apartment has been totally renovated in November 2013 with all the modern confort, it can welcome 4 persons (the bedding is new and very confortable) for business or leisure. The closest metro in Bir Hakeim. The apartment is two steps away from the Beaugrenelle shopping center where you will find a lot of shops. Le champs de mars (5 minutes walk), Eiffel Tour, Museum Quai Branly, Cafe du commerce. You are 10 minutes walking distance from the Porte de Versailles exhibition cente
12317		Cosy 1-bedroom flat fully refurbished, located near lively rue Saint Charles, 100m from metro. 3rd floor, secured door, entry codes. Quiet, light, wooden floor, high ceiling, furnished, tv, storage in basement.  Available for long term lease.
12318	Cet appartement ressemble à un petit chalet de montagne avec ses poutres apparentes et ses boiseries. On s'y sent très à l'aise, comme dans un petit cocoon, il est chaleureux et dispose de toutes les commodités. Il est idéal pour un couple souhaitant visiter Paris pour quelques jours. This apartment looks like a small mountain lodge with exposed beams and woodwork. It feels very comfortable, like a little cocoon, it is warm and has all the amenities. It is ideal for a couple wishing to visit Paris for a few days.	Cet appartement ressemble à un petit chalet de montagne avec ses poutres apparentes et ses boiseries. On s'y sent très à l'aise, comme dans un petit cocoon, il est chaleureux et dispose de toutes les commodités. Il est idéal pour un couple souhaitant visiter Paris pour quelques jours. This apartment looks like a small mountain lodge with exposed beams and woodwork. It feels very comfortable, like a little cocoon, it is warm and has all the amenities. It is ideal for a couple wishing to visit Paris for a few days. You have access to the entire flat Quartier très animé du 15ème arrondissement de Paris, proche de la rue du Commerce et de tous ses magasins. Vous trouverez tous les meilleurs commerçants français et boutiques de vêtements.  A seulement 15mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 10 mn à pied du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle Very lively 15th arrondissement of Paris, near Commerce avenue and all its shops. You will find all the best French boutiques. Just 15 minutes walk from the 
12319	Charming appartment under roofs of Paris.	Charming T2 appartment under parisian roofs for 2 or 4 pers (6th floor without lift) Located on Charles Michels place, M10 subway for easy connection in all places of Paris 2 min Commercial center Beaugrenelle 6 min Eiffel Tower - Champs de mars + M6 Charming appartment under roofs of Paris. Parking on demand Shops Beaugrenelle ((website hidden)) Shops in Rue du Commerce,  Friendly neighbourhood, pubs to go out, e Metro lines 10 and 6 Bus lines 42, 70 and 88 Parking on demand First time on AIRBNB, Don't hesitate to ask us any questions !
12320	This studio of 183 square feet (17 square meters) and a balcony of 4 square meters was fully renovated in 2013, it's located on rue Nocard in the 15th district of Paris, very close to the Effeil Tower. On the 1st French floor with elevator, it proposes a living room, an equipped opened kitchen and a bathroom with toilet. It can welcome 2 people with all the modern comfort. the apartments is just two steps away from the new shopping center Beaugrenelle and the nearest metro is Bir Hakeim. Close to the apartment, you can find the Eiffel Tower, La Motte Piquet district with a lot of restaurants and typical Parisian coffees, many museums (the Quai Branly). 	This studio of 183 square feet (17 square meters) and a balcony of 4 square meters was fully renovated in 2013, it's located on rue Nocard in the 15th district of Paris, very close to the Effeil Tower. On the 1st French floor with elevator, it proposes a living room, an equipped opened kitchen and a bathroom with toilet. It can welcome 2 people with all the modern comfort. the apartments is just two steps away from the new shopping center Beaugrenelle and the nearest metro is Bir Hakeim. Close to the apartment, you can find the Eiffel Tower, La Motte Piquet district with a lot of restaurants and typical Parisian coffees, many museums (the Quai Branly).  If you arrive early or leave late you can store your luggage in an automatic locker located nearby : City Locker (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Le Marais, Hôtel de Ville, Châtelet, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Opéra, Madeleine, Saint Lazare) Si vous devez arriver plus tôt ou partir plus tard vous pouvez déposer vos bagages da
12321	Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris and just a 20 min stroll from the Eiffel Tower, our 34 m2 (370 sq ft), high floor  apartment is situated on the south bank “Front de Seine” and enjoys stunning views of Paris and the Seine. So while life on the river unfolds before your eyes, the glorious sunsets from your window will leave a lasting impression of this beautiful vista. Fully renovated and equipped, the two room apartment is chic yet contemporary, quiet and comfortable.  The non-smoking accommodation for up to 4 people has a living room with sofa bed and dining table, a walk-in kitchen complete with dishwasher, a bedroom with queen size double bed and a desk, a hall/dressing room and a bathroom with walk-in shower and WC as well as a washing machine.  For your entertainment and communications, a flatscreen TV, DVD player and IPod dock/player is included as well as free WiFi and telephone calls (to most fixed lines in France and many other countries). The imposing building is v	Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris and just a 20 min stroll from the Eiffel Tower, our 34 m2 (370 sq ft), high floor  apartment is situated on the south bank “Front de Seine” and enjoys stunning views of Paris and the Seine. So while life on the river unfolds before your eyes, the glorious sunsets from your window will leave a lasting impression of this beautiful vista. Fully renovated and equipped, the two room apartment is chic yet contemporary, quiet and comfortable.  The non-smoking accommodation for up to 4 people has a living room with sofa bed and dining table, a walk-in kitchen complete with dishwasher, a bedroom with queen size double bed and a desk, a hall/dressing room and a bathroom with walk-in shower and WC as well as a washing machine.  For your entertainment and communications, a flatscreen TV, DVD player and IPod dock/player is included as well as free WiFi and telephone calls (to most fixed lines in France and many other countries). The imposing building is v
12322	"Charming apartment right near the Eiffel Tower, near 2 main metro lines, the apartment has a bedroom with a comfortable bed, a living room with a sofa bed, a bathroom with a bath tub, and a kitchen, there is also an outdoor private patio for morning breakfasts or an evening ""aperitif"" before taking a walk to the Eiffel-tower. The apartment is very calm and cool especially in the summer time, it is on the ground floor, no need hiking up steps! Many restaurants and cafes in the area, great shopping place too, it's also a very quiet and safe place to live."	"Charming apartment right near the Eiffel Tower, near 2 main metro lines, the apartment has a bedroom with a comfortable bed, a living room with a sofa bed, a bathroom with a bath tub, and a kitchen, there is also an outdoor private patio for morning breakfasts or an evening ""aperitif"" before taking a walk to the Eiffel-tower. The apartment is very calm and cool especially in the summer time, it is on the ground floor, no need hiking up steps! Many restaurants and cafes in the area, great shopping place too, it's also a very quiet and safe place to live."
12323	Our house is the perfect location for a romantic break in Paris: tastefully decorated, designed in shades of white and blue, it is located in a very central position, 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tour, in the heart of the vibrant district of Rue de Commerce. It is located in a beautiful historical building and, despite its central location, it is silent because it overlooks a beautiful courtyard. The apartment is ideal for a couple, but can accommodate up to 4 people. It is a very nice apartment in decor and in every detail;it is composed of an entrance, kitchenette, bathroom, living room with fireplace and bedroom. The two double beds are actually sofa beds but they are extremely comfortable, when open they are proper king size beds. The kitchen is furnished with every kind of dish or kitchen appliance or cutlery and the bathroom is fully equipped with all comforts (including hairdryer). Towels and linen are included. The area around the apartment is full of restaurants and service	Our house is the perfect location for a romantic break in Paris: tastefully decorated, designed in shades of white and blue, it is located in a very central position, 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tour, in the heart of the vibrant district of Rue de Commerce. It is located in a beautiful historical building and, despite its central location, it is silent because it overlooks a beautiful courtyard. The apartment is ideal for a couple, but can accommodate up to 4 people. It is a very nice apartment in decor and in every detail;it is composed of an entrance, kitchenette, bathroom, living room with fireplace and bedroom. The two double beds are actually sofa beds but they are extremely comfortable, when open they are proper king size beds. The kitchen is furnished with every kind of dish or kitchen appliance or cutlery and the bathroom is fully equipped with all comforts (including hairdryer). Towels and linen are included. The area around the apartment is full of restaurants and service
12324	"Our 2 bedrooms appartment is 5 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower (Champ de Mars) by foot. The subway stop, Bir Hakeim, is just down the street, 2 minutes away. The RER C train is also just around the corner (5min) to take you directly to Versailles! 2 buses take you to the Luxembourg Garden, Quartier Latin, Champs Elysées and Hopital Pompidou. Our building faces a ministry, so the street is nice and quiet. There's a café and a pharmacy at the ""subway"" end of the street.  It's a classic parisian apartment, recently renovated : hardwood floors, old decorative fireplaces, decorated ceilings and windows (double glazed to keep noise and heat out!) in every room. It has a nice living room with a dining table for 4, a sofa, coffee table, TV and DVD, wifi. The kitchen is fully equipped : fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, washer, dryer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, , dishwasher, gas burner, extractor hood and all kitchen utensils. The first bedroom has a direct access to the bathroom. It is "	"Our 2 bedrooms appartment is 5 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower (Champ de Mars) by foot. The subway stop, Bir Hakeim, is just down the street, 2 minutes away. The RER C train is also just around the corner (5min) to take you directly to Versailles! 2 buses take you to the Luxembourg Garden, Quartier Latin, Champs Elysées and Hopital Pompidou. Our building faces a ministry, so the street is nice and quiet. There's a café and a pharmacy at the ""subway"" end of the street.  It's a classic parisian apartment, recently renovated : hardwood floors, old decorative fireplaces, decorated ceilings and windows (double glazed to keep noise and heat out!) in every room. It has a nice living room with a dining table for 4, a sofa, coffee table, TV and DVD, wifi. The kitchen is fully equipped : fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, washer, dryer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, , dishwasher, gas burner, extractor hood and all kitchen utensils. The first bedroom has a direct access to the bathroom. It is "
12325	"Hello all! :)  My flat is in the 15th district of Paris. Behind "" the invalides"" one of the most beautiful place in Paris. It's a 1 room apartment upscale around 30m2. at the last floor of the building ( 10th).  It includes a large terrace of 25m2 facing south without via-a-vis, and a clear and amazing view of Paris. The building is secured and has an elevator. The terrace is equipped with a small seating area and a table for lunch or just stroll in the sunshine. ;) The apartment  is cozy and tastefully decorated. It is all equipped  and includes design furnitures, electrical appliances and high quality bed. Internet and wireless access.  It is also equipped with Air Conditioning for the big heat.  Ideally located in the center of Paris in a shopping street where everything is nearby. You also have a pool and a fitness center just in front for the most adventurous ;) Subways line 6 and 12 are nearby which allows you to go wherever you want quickly.  But you can also walk to Montparnass"	"Hello all! :)  My flat is in the 15th district of Paris. Behind "" the invalides"" one of the most beautiful place in Paris. It's a 1 room apartment upscale around 30m2. at the last floor of the building ( 10th).  It includes a large terrace of 25m2 facing south without via-a-vis, and a clear and amazing view of Paris. The building is secured and has an elevator. The terrace is equipped with a small seating area and a table for lunch or just stroll in the sunshine. ;) The apartment  is cozy and tastefully decorated. It is all equipped  and includes design furnitures, electrical appliances and high quality bed. Internet and wireless access.  It is also equipped with Air Conditioning for the big heat.  Ideally located in the center of Paris in a shopping street where everything is nearby. You also have a pool and a fitness center just in front for the most adventurous ;) Subways line 6 and 12 are nearby which allows you to go wherever you want quickly.  But you can also walk to Montparnass"
12326	Charming Parisian flat of 60 sqm (convenient for 2 to 4 person) Ideally located in the heart of Paris : close to the Champs de Mars (Tour Eiffel), the Invalides and the Ecole Militaire. Few steps from the Rue du Commerce (numerous shops and typical French restaurants) Highly typical and historical Parisian style apartment : oak parquet flooring, two chimneys, high ceiling and crown moulding (really quiet and very safe neighbourhood) Metro stations and bus stops can easily be reached. Thanks to lines 6, 8 and 10 (Main Station is Motte Piquet Grennelle – 5 mins walk) you will easily travel to all the monuments/historical districts of Paris Our cosy apartment includes : A spacious bedroom with a queen-size bed and associated storage space Double living-room with two sofas (very comfortable convertible sofa-bed for 2 person – queen size) and a large dining room table Great bathroom   Fully equipped open kitchen The flat is well-equipped with every modern comfort required such as :   Wifi, 	Charming Parisian flat of 60 sqm (convenient for 2 to 4 person) Ideally located in the heart of Paris : close to the Champs de Mars (Tour Eiffel), the Invalides and the Ecole Militaire. Few steps from the Rue du Commerce (numerous shops and typical French restaurants) Highly typical and historical Parisian style apartment : oak parquet flooring, two chimneys, high ceiling and crown moulding (really quiet and very safe neighbourhood) Metro stations and bus stops can easily be reached. Thanks to lines 6, 8 and 10 (Main Station is Motte Piquet Grennelle – 5 mins walk) you will easily travel to all the monuments/historical districts of Paris Our cosy apartment includes : A spacious bedroom with a queen-size bed and associated storage space Double living-room with two sofas (very comfortable convertible sofa-bed for 2 person – queen size) and a large dining room table Great bathroom   Fully equipped open kitchen The flat is well-equipped with every modern comfort required such as :   Wifi, 
12327	"WIFI connection is now NEW & PERFECT  !!! It is a place where everyone who is coming inside feels gOOd !!!  Large studio (2,84sq feet) Loft style but cosy and warm. 3rd floor (4th floor US)- Lift. C'est un appartement dans lequel chaque personne qui y rentre se sent bien !!! Grand studio de 38m2, style loft, mais cosy et chaleureux.  Situé au 3ème étage. Ascenceur. ______________________________________________________________________________ EAT  Kitchen is opened to the studio with a bar counter. It is THE place if you like to COOK. Many cooking books and vegetarian ones too. Lots of ustensils. Fully equipped : vitroceramic stove, dishwasher, mixed oven (micro W + pulsed air), blender for smoothies, food processor, electric kettle, Italian manual coffee machine, fridge-freezer, rice cooker and washing machine. 4 stools at the counter. A wooden table. La cuisine est ""américaine"", mais l'esprit très français. Il y a tout pour cuisiner, plus de 4O livres de cuisine (et végétarienne auss"	"WIFI connection is now NEW & PERFECT  !!! It is a place where everyone who is coming inside feels gOOd !!!  Large studio (2,84sq feet) Loft style but cosy and warm. 3rd floor (4th floor US)- Lift. C'est un appartement dans lequel chaque personne qui y rentre se sent bien !!! Grand studio de 38m2, style loft, mais cosy et chaleureux.  Situé au 3ème étage. Ascenceur. ______________________________________________________________________________ EAT  Kitchen is opened to the studio with a bar counter. It is THE place if you like to COOK. Many cooking books and vegetarian ones too. Lots of ustensils. Fully equipped : vitroceramic stove, dishwasher, mixed oven (micro W + pulsed air), blender for smoothies, food processor, electric kettle, Italian manual coffee machine, fridge-freezer, rice cooker and washing machine. 4 stools at the counter. A wooden table. La cuisine est ""américaine"", mais l'esprit très français. Il y a tout pour cuisiner, plus de 4O livres de cuisine (et végétarienne auss"
12328	Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 50m2 and can welcome comfortably 4 adults. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a shower,separate toilets), a seperate  kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed. There is  one separate room with a confortable double bed, table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 3nd floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	Charming flat in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 50m2 and can welcome comfortably 4 adults. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a shower,separate toilets), a seperate  kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed. There is  one separate room with a confortable double bed, table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 3nd floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. Very is easy to come from Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly, Beauvais, Gare du Nord.
12329	Ce charmant studio spacieux de 30 m² est situé en plein coeur du quartier très commerçant de la Motte Picquet Grenelle et à 2 pas du Champs du Mars et de la Tour Eiffel. Idéal pour allier le tourisme et le shopping. Cet appartement vous séduira pour vos courts ou longs séjours de part sa décoration chaleureuse, son équipement complet et ses nombreux rangements. Il est composé d'un espace salon avec un canapé, d'un espace nuit qui propose un lit double de 1.40m avec une literie de qualité. La cuisine est totalement équipée, vous avez tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner. Pour vos petits-déjeuners, vous disposez d'une machine Nespresso avec un kit de capsules, une bouilloire est également à disposition pour ceux qui préfèrent le thé. La localisation de ce studio vous permet de vous rendre à pieds dans les principaux sites touristiques de la rive gauche ainsi que les bords de (website hidden) perdez pas une minute de votre temps pour découvrir Paris, le ménage de votre fin de séjour est inclu	"Cet agréable studio vient d'être totalement rénové. Vous trouverez le calme au cœur d'un quartier très animé et ""ultra"" commerçant. Le metro est à 50 metres ce qui facilite tous les déplacements.  Ce charmant studio spacieux de 30 m² est situé en plein coeur du quartier très commerçant de la Motte Picquet Grenelle et à 2 pas du Champs du Mars et de la Tour Eiffel. Idéal pour allier le tourisme et le shopping. Cet appartement vous séduira pour vos courts ou longs séjours de part sa décoration chaleureuse, son équipement complet et ses nombreux rangements. Il est composé d'un espace salon avec un canapé, d'un espace nuit qui propose un lit double de 1.40m avec une literie de qualité. La cuisine est totalement équipée, vous avez tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner. Pour vos petits-déjeuners, vous disposez d'une machine Nespresso avec un kit de capsules, une bouilloire est également à disposition pour ceux qui préfèrent le thé. La localisation de ce studio vous permet de vous rendre à pieds d"
12330	Appartement de 40m2 situé au 3ème étage, pouvant accueillir 4 personnes.	Appartement idéalement situé dans Paris pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Vous êtes au centre de 4 ligne de métro (6, 8, 12 et 13) et à 20 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. L'appartement dispose de tout le nécessaire pour passez un excellent séjour à Paris Appartement de 40m2 situé au 3ème étage, pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Vous aurez accès à : -Wifi -Tele  -Douche, shampoing et WC -Sèche cheveux -Microondes -Réfrigérateur -2 plaques pour cuisiner -Machine à laver Nous nous verrons au moment du check in et du check out pour la remise des clés. Le 15 ème est un quartier très animé avec la Motte Piquet Grenelle, la rue du Commerce (qui porte bien son nom), ses bars, ses places, ses restaurants, il y en a pour tous les goûts. Je vous conseille également les commerces de la rue Cambronne et Lecourbe, situés à 3min à pied de l'appartement. Ils sont réputés comme les meilleurs de Paris. Ce quartier est très agréable à vivre, car très commerçant, proche des transports (4 lignes de métro) et il 
12331	Large studio in a recent building, refurbished in May 2014. Very nice view, quiet building. the owners are in the apartment opposite. Opportunities to go take pictures with a unique view of all Paris 	At the beginning of the street Lecourbe, a large studio on the top floor (elevator). Double bed (new) and extra bed for a child. Bathroom with bath and kitchenette. Parking in the ground  3 subway lines nearby minimum two nights.                      Large studio in a recent building, refurbished in May 2014. Very nice view, quiet building. the owners are in the apartment opposite. Opportunities to go take pictures with a unique view of all Paris studio indépendant, draps et serviettes de toilettes fournis le propriétaire habite en face. Accueil personnalisé des visiteurs Quartier très dynamique avec de nombreux commerçants. Les Invalides sont à 10 minutes à pied et la tour Eiffel a quelques minutes en métro Area very well served by 4 subway lines and many bus. possibility of underground parking
12332		Petit deux pièces calme à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel, tous commerces à  proximité immédiate et transports (métro bir - hakeim ligne 6 et rer C).  - 1 chambre - 1 salon - 1 salle de bain Wii fi à disposition et calme assuré! Wii fii,  machine à laver Close to every Shop and accommodations. Quiet appartment 5min by walk to the Eiffel tower Accès bir hakeim (métro line 6) or RER C.
12333	Studio Paris 15 th, 10 min Eiffel Tower, 5 min Montparnasse, close to all amenities.  Charming courtyard studio with double bed and double sofa bed. Very nice, bright, fully equipped. Shops and subway nearby. Sleeps 2-4 people. This studio is very nice and all amenities for all needs. Up to 4 people, it is warm cozy and comfortable.  It overlooks the courtyard, which ensures a quiet and peaceful night and wake up gently and bright.  Located in the heart of Paris, with 3 metro between 2 and 7 min walk, it is ideally located to make the most of your stay and all the wonders of Paris.  Near all amenities (restaurants, bars, shops, pharmacy, supermarket ...)  Sheets, towels, iron available I answer within the hour. Le 15 ème est un quartier très animé avec la Motte Piquet Grenelle, la rue du Commerce (qui porte bien son nom), ses bars, ses places, ses restaurants, il y en a pour tous les goûts. 3 métro possible: vaugirard, commerce, cambronne. Plusieurs bus Velib et autolib juste à côté (l	Studio Paris 15 th, 10 min Eiffel Tower, 5 min Montparnasse, close to all amenities.  Charming courtyard studio with double bed and double sofa bed. Very nice, bright, fully equipped. Shops and subway nearby. Sleeps 2-4 people. This studio is very nice and all amenities for all needs. Up to 4 people, it is warm cozy and comfortable.  It overlooks the courtyard, which ensures a quiet and peaceful night and wake up gently and bright.  Located in the heart of Paris, with 3 metro between 2 and 7 min walk, it is ideally located to make the most of your stay and all the wonders of Paris.  Near all amenities (restaurants, bars, shops, pharmacy, supermarket ...)  Sheets, towels, iron available I answer within the hour. Le 15 ème est un quartier très animé avec la Motte Piquet Grenelle, la rue du Commerce (qui porte bien son nom), ses bars, ses places, ses restaurants, il y en a pour tous les goûts. 3 métro possible: vaugirard, commerce, cambronne. Plusieurs bus Velib et autolib juste à côté (l
12334	Une chambre double avec lit de 160x200, une deuxième chambre avec lit simple toutes les deux donnant sur le balcon. Salon avec canapé confortable qui peut faire office de lit. Cuisine entièrement équipée ouverte sur le salon. Une salle de bain avec baignoire/douche et toilette séparée avec lave-main. Salon avec baies vitrées et balcon fleuri.  	Appartement moderne de 65 m² au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble avec piscine intérieure. Situé près du métro Convention (M12), au cœur d'un tranquille et authentique quartier parisien (qui offre un sympathique marché, trois fois par semaine!) Une chambre double avec lit de 160x200, une deuxième chambre avec lit simple toutes les deux donnant sur le balcon. Salon avec canapé confortable qui peut faire office de lit. Cuisine entièrement équipée ouverte sur le salon. Une salle de bain avec baignoire/douche et toilette séparée avec lave-main. Salon avec baies vitrées et balcon fleuri. Possibilité d'accès à la piscine de l'immeuble (service qui pourrait désormais être indisponible pendant le mois d'août pendant quelque jour) On sera disponibles pour toute question ou inconvénient. C'est un quartier situé dans la partie sud de Paris. Il est entouré de jardins et parcs (Parc Georges Brassens, Parc André Citroën, Champs de Mars...), tous les commerces sont à proximité, le marché de la rue 
12335	Bienvenu dans mon appartement qui est vivant et très chaleureux.  Le logement est très bien équipé: cuisine équipée (plaques vitro, cafetière, grille pain, rice cooker, frigo, vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine...), télévision, internet, salle de bain avec baignoire, piano acoustique (jouer avec la sourdine), dvd, livres, CD (à ne pas emporter, bien entendu)... Salle de bain avec baignoire. Une terrasse de 14 m² équipée d'une grande table et de deux chaises longues vous ravira par beau temps. Le logement se trouve juste derrière le complexe Aquaboulevard (piscines, cinéma, restaurants) et à quelques minutes du parc des expositions de Porte de Versailles.	A la frontière du XV° arrondissement et d'Issy-Les-Moulineaux, ce studio agréable, très clair grâce à ses grandes vitres, sans vis-à-vis, bien équipé et doté d'une terrasse de 14m² vous enchantera. Bonus: un piano! Proche de Porte de Versailles. Bienvenu dans mon appartement qui est vivant et très chaleureux.  Le logement est très bien équipé: cuisine équipée (plaques vitro, cafetière, grille pain, rice cooker, frigo, vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine...), télévision, internet, salle de bain avec baignoire, piano acoustique (jouer avec la sourdine), dvd, livres, CD (à ne pas emporter, bien entendu)... Salle de bain avec baignoire. Une terrasse de 14 m² équipée d'une grande table et de deux chaises longues vous ravira par beau temps. Le logement se trouve juste derrière le complexe Aquaboulevard (piscines, cinéma, restaurants) et à quelques minutes du parc des expositions de Porte de Versailles. Le tabac est proscrit à l'intérieur du studio, mais la terrasse pourra être utilisée à cet ef
12336	Appartement situé au cœur des lieux stratégiques de Paris à visiter.	La tour Eiffel accompagnée d'une belle vue de Paris sont à votre fenêtre au lever comme au coucher. Très grand appartement (plus de 65m²)tout équipé disposant d'une grande grande chambre. Très bien desservie(Bus; métro 6,8,10;RER A &C). Appartement situé au cœur des lieux stratégiques de Paris à visiter. L'offre concerne la location de la chambre. Cependant vous avez la possibilité de louer l'appartement tout entier(Tarif communiqué par mail) à votre disposition pour toutes questions avant et pendant votre séjour. Quartier très vivant près de la motte picquet et à quelques stations de métro du quartier de la Bastille. Vous êtes à 5 min à pied du trocadero. Métro ligne 6 , 10, et 8 Bus 42 vous menant directement sur les Champs Elysées à l'Avenue Montaigne entre autre. REC C vous conduisant au château de Versailles. Quelques stations de Charles de Gaulle Etoile et du RER A.
12337	Appartement au dernier étage d'un très bel immeuble parisien, très calme et clair,  	Beautiful apartment in the center of Paris near Champ de Mars and Unesco, at the 7th floor ( elevator until the 6)  last of a magnificient builing, very quiet and bright the neighborough is delicious, quiet with shops, Metro very next, central locati all  apartment PARISSIMO is always joinable Shops around, Street market on Thuesday and saturday Metro Segur or Sevres Lecourbe
12338		Studio tout équipé dans une résidence sécurisée (gardien 24/24) au 6éme étage avec ascenseur entre le nouveau centre commercial de Beaugrenelle et la tour Eiffel, à 5 min à pied de la station bir-hakeim M6.  English & Spanish spoken   *gay friendly*
12339	Ce studio peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes, lieu en très bon état et très apaisant. La chambre a vivre est constituée d'un grand lit, un bureau et un salon et d'un dressing. A cette pièce s'ajoute une salle de bain équipée d'une baignoire, et une kitchenette entièrement équipée.	Ce studio peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes, lieu en très bon état et très apaisant. La chambre a vivre est constituée d'un grand lit, un bureau et un salon et d'un dressing. A cette pièce s'ajoute une salle de bain équipée d'une baignoire, et une kitchenette entièrement équipée. Les voyageurs ont accès a l'intégralité du studio. Les voyageurs peuvent me contacter a tout moment. Le quartier est bien desservit, en terme de transports publics mais surtout bien équipé. (restauration, commerçants, et alimentation) Le métro se situe a 2 minutes a pied, il s'agit de la ligne 6. A 5 minutes a pied se trouve aussi le bus 42 ou le 72. Le studio accueil de préférence des voyageurs non fumeurs.
12340	My apartment is on the 2nd floor. You can reach it by elevator or by stairs.  Upon entering you will find a corridor to the kitchen, living room and bathroom.  In the kitchen you will find everything you need for a pleasant stay and if you love to cook, good news: it is fully equipped: ceramic hob, oven, microwave, Nespresso, kettle, fridge / freezer and a washing machine.   Then you will discover a cosy and unique lounge with an old wood floors, moldings and Prussian fireplace. The lounge is comfortable with a large convertible corner sofa (sleeps 2), former chair and a plasma TV. The apartment has wifi.  You will discover in the bathroom, a bath, ideal for relaxing moments.  The bedroom has the same old wooden floors and a fireplace, a bed 2 places and wardrobe. You also have access to a desk and iMac.   All the windows of the apartment overlooking a courtyard, you will be quiet, very rare in Paris!   	Hello my name is Yoann, I’m a young producer on the internet and on TV. I put at your disposal my lovely apartment that I took care to decorate... I hope you will enjoy it as much as me, the Parisian spirit of yesteryear with the old wooden floors, moldings and Prussian fireplace that is so unusual. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet. A lot of families are living there. But you will find a lot of shops. You will find on Convention’s street, each Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday in the morning and a lot of greengrocer, butcher’s shop, bakery (of course), pharmacies, Parisian bistros, perfumery and 100 meters from the apartment a large Carrefour supermarket. The metro Convention (line 12) is 450 meters from the apartment (5 minutes walk)  A 20 minutes walk to the Champs de Mars / Eiffel Tower and the Jardin du Luxembourg Metro L12 can bring you to Concorde, Abbesses / Montmartre - Sacré Coeur  The bus number 89 can bring you to the Latin Quarter, St Germain and the Louvre (in 25 minutes
12341	studio cosy situé plein sud et au coeur du champ de mars 	studio 20 m2  situe plein sud au champ de mars  tout près de la Tour Eiffel et dans une rue calme, cet appartement confortable et entièrement rénové est situé près de toutes les commodités. L'appartement est situé au dernier etage avec ascenceur studio cosy situé plein sud et au coeur du champ de mars Au coeur du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, sites touristiques proches comme le Quai Branly et Musee d Orsay accessibles a pieds. Ecole Militaire et Invalides. Métro Ligne 6-8-10. Station La Motte Piquet Grenelle. RER C Station Champs de Mars - Tour Eiffel. (Direction Château de Versailles : 20 mn). Lignes de bus : 42  (Gare du Nord) - 69 - 82.
12342	This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building equipped with a lift.  The access is secured by a door code. The apartment has a clear view and its windows overlooks a courtyard with trees and plants. The environment is therefore very quiet and the apartment is very luminous. This charming 52sqm apartment has one spacious room organized in several areas. The living-room features a sofabed (two sleeps 140×200), a coffee table and comfortable armchairs. The bedroom area is open on the main room but can be isolated with sliding panels. A couple can sleep in the bed (140×200) and you will have much space to store your clothes in the wardrobe. Note that the entrance hall also features two large wardrobes. The kitchen is very well equipped with several households appliances such as blender, steam cooker, etc. It is open on the main room but separated from it with a counter (with high stools). A large desk is at your disposal, so you will be comfortably installed if you come to Paris	Luminous, contemporary, colored, quiet : very charming 52sqm loft style apartment to rent in the 15th district of Paris, not far from the Eiffel Tower or the Seine River. Suitable for four people, it will be just perfect for a couple ! This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building equipped with a lift.  The access is secured by a door code. The apartment has a clear view and its windows overlooks a courtyard with trees and plants. The environment is therefore very quiet and the apartment is very luminous. This charming 52sqm apartment has one spacious room organized in several areas. The living-room features a sofabed (two sleeps 140×200), a coffee table and comfortable armchairs. The bedroom area is open on the main room but can be isolated with sliding panels. A couple can sleep in the bed (140×200) and you will have much space to store your clothes in the wardrobe. Note that the entrance hall also features two large wardrobes. The kitchen is very well equipped with severa
12343	I rent my bedroom from April 21st to 3rd May. It is located 15 min away by foot from the Eiffel tower. The room contains a double confortable bed and you will share the apartment with my two young and awesome french and swedish roomates!	I rent my bedroom from the 21st of April to the 3rd of May. It is located 15 min away by foot from the Eiffel tower. I rent my bedroom from April 21st to 3rd May. It is located 15 min away by foot from the Eiffel tower. The room contains a double confortable bed and you will share the apartment with my two young and awesome french and swedish roomates! You can have access to all the equipment i the apartment. If you need the Internet, want to watch TV, clean your clothes, have a drink on the balcony... With pleasure! Both my roomates speak english, my swedish roomie speak swedish (who knew??) and they know Paris really well so if you want ask anything, go ahead! The flat is 200 meters away from the Seine so you can walk alongside the river to the Eiffel Tower and then reach the Invalides and the Champs-Elysées and even more... The apartment is really close to the subway (Javel André Citroën station on the line 10) and to the bus as well.
12344	Ce 3/4 pièces de 85m² lumineux et très calme, est niché dans l'agréable quartier du 15ème ; très familial avec beaucoup de commerçants, restaurants et cinémas aux alentours. Bénéficie d'une terrasse ensoleillée de 126m² avec vue sur la tour Eiffel.  L'appartement au 7ème étage est très calme, se trouve coté jardin et n'a pas de vis à vis. Il bénéficie d'une terrasse privée exceptionnelle de 126m² avec salon de jardin et transats à disposition. La terrasse est accessible directement par le salon. L'appartement ainsi que la terrasse sont exposés Sud-Ouest. Sa superficie est de 85m², bien disposé, avec 2 chambres indépendantes et un espace chambre semi-cloisonné donnant dans le salon en L de 34m². Le salon possède un canapé convertible en lit 2 places, une salle à manger, ainsi qu'une TV écran plat avec un home-cinéma et un lecteur DVD. Pour les amateurs de musique, est présent dans la pièce un piano fonctionnel. Depuis le hall d'entrée, un couloir mène aux 2 chambres de 10 et 13 m²,  à l	This 3/4 rooms of 85m² is very bright and quiet. It is located in the pleasant 15th district, where there're a lot of cinemas, restaurants and storekeepers. We have a sunny terrace of 126m² with a view on the Eiffel tower and the roofs of buildings.
12345	Dans le 15ème arrondissement, tout près de la Seine, du Centre Beaugrennelle et de la Tour Eiffel et dans une rue calme, cet appartement confortable possède toutes les commodités pour que vous y passiez un bon séjour. L'appartement est situé en rez-de-chaussée. Il est composé d'un salon avec cuisine, d'une chambre séparée, et d'une salle de bain. Il peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes et si nécessaire, jusqu'à 4 personnes grâce au canapé-lit situé dans le salon. SALON: Un canapé-lit confortable, une télévision écran plat (plus de 140 chaînes à votre disposition + un accès gratuit aux chaînes Canal+ et Canalsat gratuitement) Une connexion haut débit WIFI est aussi disponible gratuitement dans tout l'appartement. CUISINE: La cuisine est ouverte et reliée au salon. Elle est entièrement équipée avec: - 2 plaques électriques  - un micro-ondes  - un petit réfrigérateur  - un toaster  - une bouilloire  - un batteur  SALLE DE BAIN & WC: La salle de bain est très fonctionnelle avec un b	Charming flat well located near to Eiffel Tower, Beaugrennelle center Métro station : Charles Michel
12346	The studio can be perfect for a couple or for friends that are willing to share a bedroom.  There is one double bed and one comfy couch where 1 person can easily fit in to sleep !  There is a big window that provides lots of sunlight in the apartment.  The building is very safe with an entry pass.	Great studio in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, 5min walk from the Eiffel Tower!  The studio is about 30 sq meters (322 sq ft). It has 1 double bed and 1 couch. Very quiet place with lots of sunlight! Bus and subway accessible by foot The studio can be perfect for a couple or for friends that are willing to share a bedroom.  There is one double bed and one comfy couch where 1 person can easily fit in to sleep !  There is a big window that provides lots of sunlight in the apartment.  The building is very safe with an entry pass. Fully furnished kitchen with electric stove, oven, dishes. Washing machine.  Linen and towel provided.  The area is very quiet. The building is located 5 min walk from the Champ de Mars where the Eiffel Tower is.  Very close from a grocery store (2 min walk). Shopping area at La Motte Piquet (10 min walk).  Line 8-10 : La Motte Piquet RER C : Champ de Mars-Tour Eiffel Bus (phone number hidden) : Champ de mars
12347		Cosy brand new renovated flat near the Eiffel Tower. One living room, Two bedrooms, independent kitchen, bathroom and toilets.
12348	The apartment is on the 7th floor where you can enjoy the view of the Montparnasse Tower and the Eiffel Tower. The flat is well furnished and comprises two bedrooms, a living room with a double sofa bed, kitchen and bathroom (separate shower, separate toilet).	Cozy, sunny and well-equipped apartment in a very animated area of Paris. Located in the 15th discrit of Paris at 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. The flat is near every facility and conveniently reached by 3 metro lines. Enjoy your stay ! The apartment is on the 7th floor where you can enjoy the view of the Montparnasse Tower and the Eiffel Tower. The flat is well furnished and comprises two bedrooms, a living room with a double sofa bed, kitchen and bathroom (separate shower, separate toilet). You will have access to all the apartment except to one bedroom which will be closed. I have an extensive travel experience and I really appreciate meeting new people from all around the world. I will be glad to show you around and make sure that your stay will be memorable! You can reach me whenever you want! The flat is located in a very nice area and near to the lovely rue du Commerce that gathers all the shops you need. The flat is a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and 20 min walk fr
12349	Accès Internet Rue très calme, au cœur d'un quartier plein de vie ! 3 métros a 3 minutes a pied : la ligne 6, la ligne 8 et la ligne 10	Accès Internet Rue très calme, au cœur d'un quartier plein de vie ! 3 métros a 3 minutes a pied : la ligne 6, la ligne 8 et la ligne 10
12350	Logement refait à neuf récemment et très bien équipé.	Je propose une solution de dépannage pas chère pour loger sur Paris sur une assez courte période.  Il s'agit d'un canapé-lit assez confortable dans un salon avec climatisation. Logement refait à neuf récemment et très bien équipé. beaucoup de commerces, supermarchés en tout genre, restaurants, bars de journée assez agréable, rue calme métro ligne 8 (Boucicaut) ou 12 (Convention) tram ligne 3A (Desnouettes)
12351	Vivez un séjour parisien au pied de la Tour Eiffel, au sein de ce spacieux studio alcôve avec une magnifique terrasse de 12 m². Hissez-vous au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble neuf de la rue de la Fédération et laissez-vous charmer par l’appartement Bir Hakeim, un modèle d’architecture et de design. Cet appartement cosy de 35 m² s’articule autour d’une grande pièce à vivre avec un coin nuit délimité par un rideau coulissant avec un lit double, d’un coin séjour avec un grand canapé convertible 2 personnes, une table basse, une télévision à écran plat et l’accès à Internet. La cuisine semi-séparée vous permettra de préparer vos propres repas avec un équipement électroménager complet et une table qui accueillera tous vos repas, en famille ou entre amis. Moderne, la salle de bains dispose d’une élégante baignoire, d’une vasque et de WC suspendus. 	Avec sa vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel depuis sa terrasse de 12 m2, ce grand studio alcôve de 35 m2 accueille confortablement 4 personnes au pied du métro Bir Hakeim, dans un style design et moderne. Vivez un séjour parisien au pied de la Tour Eiffel, au sein de ce spacieux studio alcôve avec une magnifique terrasse de 12 m². Hissez-vous au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble neuf de la rue de la Fédération et laissez-vous charmer par l’appartement Bir Hakeim, un modèle d’architecture et de design. Cet appartement cosy de 35 m² s’articule autour d’une grande pièce à vivre avec un coin nuit délimité par un rideau coulissant avec un lit double, d’un coin séjour avec un grand canapé convertible 2 personnes, une table basse, une télévision à écran plat et l’accès à Internet. La cuisine semi-séparée vous permettra de préparer vos propres repas avec un équipement électroménager complet et une table qui accueillera tous vos repas, en famille ou entre amis. Moderne, la salle de bains di
12352	"""Sous le Pont Mirabeau coule la Seine Et nos amours Faut-il qu'il m'en souvienne…""  (Apollinaire) ""At the Pont Mirabeau flows the Seine And our love Is it as I can remember … "" (Apollinaire) Paris, the Seine and its bridges, landmarks of French romanticism. Independent of our apartment, the room is a perfect cocoon for a journey between lovers. Functional and well located, it will satisfy the tourist in search of discovery as the professional in search of calm. "	"Marie-Emmanuelle and Eric offer in Seine Front (15th arrondissement) - An independent room, bright and quiet, - View of the Seine, - The heart of the Beaugrenelle Centre, - Near Eiffel Tower, - Near bus and Metro to the center of Paris. ""Sous le Pont Mirabeau coule la Seine Et nos amours Faut-il qu'il m'en souvienne…""  (Apollinaire) ""At the Pont Mirabeau flows the Seine And our love Is it as I can remember … "" (Apollinaire) Paris, the Seine and its bridges, landmarks of French romanticism. Independent of our apartment, the room is a perfect cocoon for a journey between lovers. Functional and well located, it will satisfy the tourist in search of discovery as the professional in search of calm. You will have a separate bedroom, with direct access. We take special care to our travelers and our home. We are here to meet their demands, while respecting their independence. - 20 minutes from Saint-Germain des Prés, - 20 minutes from the Champs-Elysées, - 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower and "
12353	Appartements typique parisien idéal pour un couple venant visité Paris. 3 personnes maximum	Proche du métro Boucicaut, charmant appartement qui peut accueillir  2 à 3 personnes. Cuisine équipée et salle de bain très confortable. Dans une rue calme proche de toutes les commodités. Transport direct à quelques minutes de la tour effeil. Appartements typique parisien idéal pour un couple venant visité Paris. 3 personnes maximum Les personnes auront accès à tout l'appartement avec le wifi la télévision une armoire restera entièrement à disposition pour les voyageurs. Le 15e arrondissement de Paris est l’un des vingt arrondissements de la capitale. Il est situé sur la rive gauche de la Seine, dans le sud-ouest de la ville, et est le résultat de l’annexion des communes de Vaugirard et de Grenelle Metro Boucicaut à 2 minutes à pied  Gare Montparnnasse à 15 min en transport Porte de Versailles a 15 min a pied
12354		Haussmannien de charme, chambre sur cour intérieure calme, cuisine équipée (micro-ondes, grille pain, bouilloire, nespresso), WiFi, TV dans le salon. M8, T2, T3, M10 et tous commerces à proximité. 
12355		The apartment i've been living in for 4 years benefits from bright light and a great environment. It's a 23m2 studio with a double bed and a large storage units. The neighborhood is friendly, surrounded by nice cafes. Subway : convention
12356	Style haussmanien 	Hello everybody!  I propose my room from end of jully to 15 august. My flat is situated in 15 arrondissement
12357		Cosy flat located near the Montparnasse Tower, Eiffel Tower and rue de Rennes / Saint Germain. This flat is on the 1st floor between 2 charming courtyards. The area is safe and has many nice shops and restaurants. Metro lines 4, 6, 12, 13 Subway near the flat : - Line 4 and 13 : Station Montparnasse - Line 6 and 12 : Station Pasteur or Falguière
12358	It is a nice appartment in a good state located in a nice and safe borough very closed to the Eiffel.	The flat is the 5 th floor of a safe building with a concierge and an elevator. The Eiffel (email hidden) from the appartment walking. There is several tube's and bus's stations around the appartment. It is a nice appartment in a good state located in a nice and safe borough very closed to the (website hidden), wifi, cellphone, fridge, oven, cooktop, shower, toilet. There is a lot a shops around the appartment. There is several bus and underground stations all around the appartment: tube lines (phone number hidden). Bus lines: 89, 70, 39.
12359	10 meters to the subways, and 30 meters to the tram.  Renovated with an architect less than a year ago. Sunny & calm.  We can give 2 babies bed (less than 4 years)	Flat including 1 fully equiped kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 living room & 1 bedroom for 2 persons. it has been renovated 1 year ago. 3rd floor with an elevator. Hausmann style. Internet / TV included. Metro L12 at 10 meters from the building. 10 meters to the subways, and 30 meters to the tram.  Renovated with an architect less than a year ago. Sunny & calm.  We can give 2 babies bed (less than 4 years) all travelers by phone, email & physically this is a residential neighborhood, sunny ewith a lot of transports (metro line 12, Tram T2/T3). Moreover, the Seine quays are at less than 1,2 kms and the eiffel tower at less than 4,5 kms. par metro ligne 12 : arrêt porte de versailles  par Tram T2 et T3 par bus 80, 39 par taxi. nothing
12360	It is located in the dynamic trading district. A few blocks away from numerous ready-to-wear clothing  brands. The environment around will delight you with its numerous points of Green area ( Saint -lambert park /Commerce park). The apartment is fitted-out and conceived as a loft, this one bedroom apartment is ideally for a couple (sleeping possibility for an additional person) because it offers all the conveniences: It possesses a large living space area, a bedroom,a bathroom as well as a fully equipped kitchen( fridge,washing machine,dishwasher) In a comfortable and design atmosphere you will feel right at home. Bienvenue dans notre charmant Loft  deux pièces  situé dans le 15ème de Paris. Il est situé dans le quartier dynamique de Commerce. A quelques pas de nombreuses enseignes de prêt-à-porter ou encore de commerce de bouche, l’environnement vous ravira par ses nombreux points de verdures (Parc saint Lambert/ Parc du commerce) Aménagé et conçu comme un loft, cet appartement deux p	Welcome to our charming 1 bedroom apartement in the 15th of Paris. The apartment is fitted-out and conceived as a loft, this 1 bedroom apartment is ideally for a couple (sleeping possibility for an additional person) because it offers all the conveniences. you will feel right at home.
12361	Situé à quelques pas du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel dans une rue très calme, cet appartement meublé de 28m² est au rez de chaussée d'une maison d'habitation. Il offre un séjour, une chambre de 13 m², une salle de douche avec WC et une cuisine indépendante. La fenêtre de la cuisine donne sur le jardin de la maison et les 2 autres fenêtres donnent sur la rue. Aux beaux jours, possibilité de prendre le petit déjeuner dans la cour du jardin. La station de métro Dupleix (ligne 6) est à moins de 150 mètres (490 ft) et celle de la Motte-Picquet-Grenelle (lignes 6, 8, 10) est à 450 mètres. Tous les types de commerces ou restaurants sont à moins de 100 mètres.	A 2 pas du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, appartement meublé avec séjour, chambre 13 m², salle de douche avec WC         cuisine indépendante. Possibilité petit déjeuner dans le jardin.  M° Dupleix (ligne 6) 100 mètres et Motte-Picquet-Grenelle (lignes 6, 8, 10)  Situé à quelques pas du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel dans une rue très calme, cet appartement meublé de 28m² est au rez de chaussée d'une maison d'habitation. Il offre un séjour, une chambre de 13 m², une salle de douche avec WC et une cuisine indépendante. La fenêtre de la cuisine donne sur le jardin de la maison et les 2 autres fenêtres donnent sur la rue. Aux beaux jours, possibilité de prendre le petit déjeuner dans la cour du jardin. La station de métro Dupleix (ligne 6) est à moins de 150 mètres (490 ft) et celle de la Motte-Picquet-Grenelle (lignes 6, 8, 10) est à 450 mètres. Tous les types de commerces ou restaurants sont à moins de 100 mètres. Aux beaux jours, possibilité de prendre le petit déjeuner dans
12362		Appartement Paris 15
12363	Nice flat of 40 sm located in a pleasant neighborhood near Eiffel Tour. Living room : extremely luminous place to live with a sofa bed (2 pers), TV HD, Internet access, Wifi. Separate bedroom : 160cm bed, closet to put your clothes and stuffs, laundry provided. Bathroom with bath : bath towels, hair dryer , soap and shampoo provided. Fitted kitchen : fridge, freezer, cooktop , microwave oven and espresso machine with capsules provided. I will be pleased to advise on the best restaurants, bars, exhibitions in Paris. Flat located in a quiet street without traffic and near a commercial street (many bar, restaurants..) -Tube : Cambronne (lign 6), Sèvres-Lecourbe (lign 6), Volontaire (lign 12) just 4 min walk -Bus from rue Lecourbe	Nice flat of 40 sm located in a pleasant neighborhood near Eiffel Tour. Nice flat of 40 sm located in a pleasant neighborhood near Eiffel Tour. Living room : extremely luminous place to live with a sofa bed (2 pers), TV HD, Internet access, Wifi. Separate bedroom : 160cm bed, closet to put your clothes and stuffs, laundry provided. Bathroom with bath : bath towels, hair dryer , soap and shampoo provided. Fitted kitchen : fridge, freezer, cooktop , microwave oven and espresso machine with capsules provided. I will be pleased to advise on the best restaurants, bars, exhibitions in Paris. Flat located in a quiet street without traffic and near a commercial street (many bar, restaurants..) -Tube : Cambronne (lign 6), Sèvres-Lecourbe (lign 6), Volontaire (lign 12) just 4 min walk -Bus from rue Lecourbe
12364		Nicely furnished, quiet, spacious, sunny and clean appartement. 54 m2. 20 min walk to Eiffel Tour, 5 min walk to river Seine. Lovely restaurants, shops + cafés close. Transport : métro 8 + 10, RER C (30 min to Versailles and 3 min to Eiffel Tour)
12365		A little cocoon, for one or two people, 5 minutes from the Eiffel tower, in the 15th arrondissement, great commercial street, a bathroom and a separate big kitchen. 25 squared meter, very luminous, and quiet : TV, wifi, bed, desk and little balcony. 
12366	Situé en hauteur offrant une vue rare, dégagée sur paris. Accueillant et spacieux. Décoration design, collection années 50, 60s!	Appartement spacieux, loft d'un architecte situé au 25 éme étage, offrant une vue imprenable sur paris! Deux chambres de couples, cuisine spacieuse, grand salon et terrasse! Quartier de commerce et sorties. Quais de seine.  Centre commercial, lieu de la mode parisienne.  Cinémas, marchés primeurs, métros à proximités. Situé en hauteur offrant une vue rare, dégagée sur paris. Accueillant et spacieux. Décoration design, collection années 50, 60s! Totalité de l'appartement.  Sauf une pièce privée dont je me serre pour ranger des affaires. Accès à la terrasse pour bronzer et admirer la vue! Je serais la à l'arrivée et peut être au départ.  Pour vous expliquer le fonctionnement de l'appartement. Quais de seine, Tour Eiffel, Marchés, Grand parc André Citroën Centre commercial beaugrenelle Musées... Cafés, restaurants, places... Métros ligne 10, 6, 8 Bus et taxis en bas de l'immeuble. Possibilité de se garer sur les quais de seine, places libres et gratuites en août! Depuis l'aéroport:  Orly 
12367	The place is extremely bright with a very pleasant view and having a direct access to transportations (métro, tramway, buses, bikes) You'll appreciate the unobstructed view.	Our place is extremely bright (7th and last floor) with a very pleasant view and direct access to transportations (métro, tramway, buses, bikes) You'll appreciate the unobstructed view and the very nice neighborhood. The place is extremely bright with a very pleasant view and having a direct access to transportations (métro, tramway, buses, bikes) You'll appreciate the unobstructed view. Wifi access (high speed), kitchen equipment, towels, sheets. We'll be here for check-in and check-out only but we'll remain reachable if any issue on your side.  In the vicinity : La Seine river, Parc des Expositions (Porte de Versailles), many restaurants and shops, swimming pool, sports complex... Very alive neighborhood.  Metro (line 8),Tramway (line 3a), buses and bikes right a the exit of the building. RER (line C - direct trains to Versailles Castle) at 10 minutes walking distance.
12368	Nice little T2 for a couple or a single person.  Bedroom, lounge, bathroom with shower and toilet and a kitchen area with equipment (oven, microwave, hob, fridge, kettle, crockery ...)  Located in a street adjacent to the commercial street, you'll be both quiet as the apartment overlooks a courtyard, but also close to all the shops (bakery, laundry, franprix down the apartment).	Nice little apartment for a couple or a single person.  Bedroom, lounge, bathroom with shower and toilet and a kitchen area with equipment. Located in a street adjacent to the commercial street. Nice little T2 for a couple or a single person.  Bedroom, lounge, bathroom with shower and toilet and a kitchen area with equipment (oven, microwave, hob, fridge, kettle, crockery ...)  Located in a street adjacent to the commercial street, you'll be both quiet as the apartment overlooks a courtyard, but also close to all the shops (bakery, laundry, franprix down the apartment). Internet Mail, phone Metro Line 08/06/10
12369	Located on a 7th Floor, 70m2 of a tastefully decorated apartment on a fantastic location with elevator. There is private parking available for an extra 10 Euros upon request subject to availability. 	Amazing Apatment with Eiffel Tower view. Located on a 7th Floor, 70m2 of a tastefully decorated apartment on a fantastic location with elevator. There is private parking available for an extra 10 Euros upon request subject to availability. Guests have access to entire property with TV cable, WiFi and A/C in the bedroom. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance at an extra cost of €2,50 for bath towels and €1,50 for hand towels. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. All bookings have to be checked with the owner. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and forward bac
12370	Appartement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. A proximité des transports : stations Vélib, Métro, RER, bus (Charles Michels M10, Felix Faure M6, Javel RER C) Nombreux commerces et lieux sympathiques aux alentours : - supermaché Franprix - cafés/bistro, boulangerie, pharmacie - centre commercial Beaugrenelle - tour Eiffel et champs de mars à 15 min à pied - boulevard de Grenelle, grand marché le mercredi et le dimanche (à 10 min à pied) - rue du Commerce - les quais (Grenelle et André Citroën) - le parc André Citroën - etc Entrée sécurisée Lit double (canapé lit) Coin cuisine avec plaques électriques, frigidaire, ustensiles et couverts à disposition Internet haut débit (fibre optique) TV 170 chaînes Bureau Penderie Salle de douche, toilettes, machine à laver Prix à la semaine : 350 euros Prix au mois : 800 euros Charges comprises (hors frais Air BnB)	Appartement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, dans le quartier de Beaugrenelle, à 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel.  A proximité des commerces et des transports (vélo, métro, RER, bus).  Appartement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. A proximité des transports : stations Vélib, Métro, RER, bus (Charles Michels M10, Felix Faure M6, Javel RER C) Nombreux commerces et lieux sympathiques aux alentours : - supermaché Franprix - cafés/bistro, boulangerie, pharmacie - centre commercial Beaugrenelle - tour Eiffel et champs de mars à 15 min à pied - boulevard de Grenelle, grand marché le mercredi et le dimanche (à 10 min à pied) - rue du Commerce - les quais (Grenelle et André Citroën) - le parc André Citroën - etc Entrée sécurisée Lit double (canapé lit) Coin cuisine avec plaques électriques, frigidaire, ustensiles et couverts à disposition Internet haut débit (fibre optique) TV 170 chaînes Bureau Penderie Salle de douche, toilettes, machine à laver Location pour 2 nuits minim
12371		Il s'agit d'un petit studio cosy au sein d'un immeuble haussmannien en plein cœur de Paris. Idéal pour un couple ou pour une personne seule, il est très fonctionnel. Il est composé de 3 parties : la pièce à vivre, la cuisine et la salle de bain séparée. Le studio se trouve au 7e étage, avec ascenseur et donne sur une vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Cela a son charme de voir la Tour Eiffel et Montmartre au réveil. Parfait pour les amoureux de Paris ! Vous avez le métro Cambronne à 2 minutes. Je suis disponible en dehors de mes horaires de travail, je loge près de l'appartement et reste joignable le long de votre séjour pour tout renseignement ou aide dans Paris. Le quartier est familial et vivant. Il y a de nombreux commerces juste à côté de la place Cambronne, que ce soit pour faire du shopping ou pour faire vos courses. De plus, vous avez surtout le Champ de Mars à 10 minutes à pieds. Les stations de métro les plus proches sont à 2 minutes à pieds à Cambronne (ligne 6) et à La Mo
12372		The flat is located a short walk from Eiffel tour and from la motte piquet and dupleix tube station. It only takes 15min to Champs Élysées and 10min to Opera.  The flat itself is modern and confortable.  There are a very cool bars and pubs not far from the flat.
12373	"This 20 square meters (215 square feet) studio is situated in the south of Paris, on the third floor of a building with an elevator (not suitable for wheelchair or stroller). The area is very safe as the main entrance is protected by a secret code and a second door closed by a key. Perfect location: 1 minutes walk from the subway/metro, line number 12, station ""Porte de Versailles"" and from bus stops lines 80 & 39.  You can also rent a vélib (bike-sharing in Paris), there is a station at Porte de Versailles (3min walk). The 2012 Paris Motor Show will take place at Porte de Versailles from 29th September to 14th October. Bright, quiet and well appointed studio with one separated bathroom (shower and WC), one separated kitchen fully equiped (hod, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, kettle) Studio fully equiped : - convertible sofa for 2 persons - bed linen - towels - fully equiped kitchen (hob, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, kettle) - books and cook books - internet - LCD screen - dvd p"	"This 20 square meters (215 square feet) studio is situated in the south of Paris, on the third floor of a building with an elevator (not suitable for wheelchair or stroller). The area is very safe as the main entrance is protected by a secret code and a second door closed by a key. Perfect location: 1 minutes walk from the subway/metro, line number 12, station ""Porte de Versailles"" and from bus stops lines 80 & 39.  You can also rent a vélib (bike-sharing in Paris), there is a station at Porte de Versailles (3min walk). The 2012 Paris Motor Show will take place at Porte de Versailles from 29th September to 14th October. Bright, quiet and well appointed studio with one separated bathroom (shower and WC), one separated kitchen fully equiped (hod, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, kettle) Studio fully equiped : - convertible sofa for 2 persons - bed linen - towels - fully equiped kitchen (hob, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, kettle) - books and cook books - internet - LCD screen - dvd p"
12374	Pour les amoureux de Paris. Bienvenue dans ce charmant 2 pièces aménagé confortablement avec un réel espace à vivre.  Au cinquième étage avec ascenseur, d'un immeuble de style haussmanien, vous bénéficierez d'un confort total dans cet appartement avec un espace repas pour quatre personnes, un espace salon agrémenté d'un canapé-lit de grand confort offrant un couchage dans un vrai matelas (140x190cm). Orienté cours, sans vis à vis, vous bénéficierez d'une belle clarté toute la journée.  La cuisine est totalement equipée (lave-linge, sèche linge, réfrigerateur, four, micro-ondes) et dispose de toute la vaisselle et des ustensiles nécessaires pour vous préparer un bon petit plat à la française !!  Après vos balades parisiennes vous pourrez vous détendre dans la grande salle de bain, offrant une baignoire-douche. Côté Hifi, la télévision avec les chaines cablées, un docking system Ipod/Iphone/mp3 et le wifi sont à disposition durant votre séjour.  Les draps pour le lit et les serviettes po	Appartement typiquement parisien de style haussmannien, dans le 15ème arrondissement à proximité de la tour Eiffel et de st germain des près. Cet accueillant et spacieux 2 pièces (40m2) peut recevoir 4 personnes confortablement. Vous profiterez d'un quartier animé et commerçant, à deux pas du métro. Pour les amoureux de Paris. Bienvenue dans ce charmant 2 pièces aménagé confortablement avec un réel espace à vivre.  Au cinquième étage avec ascenseur, d'un immeuble de style haussmanien, vous bénéficierez d'un confort total dans cet appartement avec un espace repas pour quatre personnes, un espace salon agrémenté d'un canapé-lit de grand confort offrant un couchage dans un vrai matelas (140x190cm). Orienté cours, sans vis à vis, vous bénéficierez d'une belle clarté toute la journée.  La cuisine est totalement equipée (lave-linge, sèche linge, réfrigerateur, four, micro-ondes) et dispose de toute la vaisselle et des ustensiles nécessaires pour vous préparer un bon petit plat à la française
12375	Appartement en étage élevé, avec balcon, charmant, spacieux, lumineux, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. Très bien équipé, il dispose entre autres de: - Internet WIFI -  GrandeTV écran plat, nombreuses chaînes dont Canal + et Bein Sport - Home Cinema et lecteur blu-ray - La cuisine comprend réfrigérateur, four, four micro-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire, grille-pain, machine à laver Chambre indépendante, salle de bain et wc séparés. Possibilité de matelas supplémentaire si besoin.	Deux-pièces avec balcon, accueillant, lumineux et spacieux (40m2), très bien équipé avec salle de bain et wc séparé. Idéalement situé pour profiter de Paris et ses monuments ou pour une exposition. Rue calme et nombreux commerces a proximités Appartement en étage élevé, avec balcon, charmant, spacieux, lumineux, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. Très bien équipé, il dispose entre autres de: - Internet WIFI -  GrandeTV écran plat, nombreuses chaînes dont Canal + et Bein Sport - Home Cinema et lecteur blu-ray - La cuisine comprend réfrigérateur, four, four micro-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire, grille-pain, machine à laver Chambre indépendante, salle de bain et wc séparés. Possibilité de matelas supplémentaire si besoin. Dans une rue sublime et très calme, à 50 mètres du métro Balard (ligne 8, qui vous emmènera rapidement dans les quartiers shopping de Paris), l'appartement se situe dans un immeuble pierre de taille au 5 eme étage. L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme du 15
12376		Charmant appartement parisien de 50m², dans le 15 ème arrondissement. Idéal pour un couple. Proche de toutes commodités : arrêt de Tram T3a, commerces... Réservation pour 2 nuits minimum. 
12377	This flat is cosy and quite.  It is perfect for families as it has 3 big bedrooms.	Welcome to our great 85 sq. meters flat, located in the 15th arrondissement, close to André Citroen Park (with the air balloon) and at walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (1,5 km).  It is quite and cosy, we bet you will love it as much as we do ! This flat is cosy and quite.  It is perfect for families as it has 3 big bedrooms. 1 living room, 3 bedrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 toilet and 1 bathroom You can definitely contact me by phone or by e-mail and I will answer quickly ! The 15th arrondissement is pretty quite, perfect for families.  It is also really close to Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Concorde and the great walking street : Rue du Commerce The flat is at 3 minutes walking distance from subway lines 8 and 12.  Line 8 crosses Paris from West to East, and line 12 from South to North, which means you can easily get anywhere from here.
12378	Charmant appartement ancien dans une rue calme. Très belle vue sur la tour Eiffel de la cuisine et de la chambre. Refait à neuf récemment. Au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux. Deux grandes pièces : la chambre et le salon séparés. Ainsi qu'une cuisine et salle de bain indépendantes. Grand balcon sur toute la longueur de l'appartement.  Situated in an old and calm street, the flat offers an uncomparable view of the eiffel tower from the kitchen and the bedroom. This very lightfull flat has been completely refurbished. On the fifth floor (with elevator), the flat offers two big rooms: Bedroom and Living room. There is also an independant kitchen and bathroom. The appartment is bordered by a large balcony on all the length of the flat.	Charmant appartement ancien dans une rue calme. Très belle vue sur la tour Eiffel de la cuisine et de la chambre. Refait à neuf récemment. Au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux. Deux grandes pièces : la chambre et le salon séparés. Ainsi qu'une cuisine et salle de bain indépendantes. Grand balcon sur toute la longueur de l'appartement.  Situated in an old and calm street, the flat offers an uncomparable view of the eiffel tower from the kitchen and the bedroom. This very lightfull flat has been completely refurbished. On the fifth floor (with elevator), the flat offers two big rooms: Bedroom and Living room. There is also an independant kitchen and bathroom. The appartment is bordered by a large balcony on all the length of the flat. Télévision, internet WIFI à accès illimité ,dans la cuisine: micro-onde, four, machine à laver la vaisselle et le (website hidden), WIFI, micro-wave, oven, washing machine and dishwasher are at your disposal for all your stay.  Réponse à vos question
12379	Our appartment is bright and quiet with high ceilings, open beams, wooden floors and a large, open living space with kitchen and breakfast bar.  It's both cosy and spacious with everything you need for your stay. We're very happy here and we hope you will be too!	Well-equipped, bright and peaceful 70m2 apartment in the 15th arrondissement. 1 bedroom. Can sleep up to 4 people
12380	Nicely decorated and fully equipped one bedroom apartment with a living room.  very calm, cozy, and eluminated.  The apartment is ideally situated in the heart of the 15th district in an authentic village setting of Paris. It is also 6 to 7 minute walk from the Parc des Expositions of the Porte de Versailles and 2 minutes walk from Metro Convention. 	A charming apartment, calm, cozy and nicely decorated. Modern furniture and all necessary appliances. Located in the heart of the 15th quarter, 2 minutes walk from the metro.  Nicely decorated and fully equipped one bedroom apartment with a living room.  very calm, cozy, and eluminated.  The apartment is ideally situated in the heart of the 15th district in an authentic village setting of Paris. It is also 6 to 7 minute walk from the Parc des Expositions of the Porte de Versailles and 2 minutes walk from Metro Convention. 
12381	Logements avec moulures et cheminée, parquet, cuisine séparée, salle de bain et WC séparés, 1 chambre et 1 séjour, avec possibilité de dormir sur le canapé lit. Machine à laver, four, micro-ondes, ventilateur (cela peut servir !).	Dans un quartier calme du sud du 15ème arrondissement, à proximité du parc Georges Brassens, appartement T2 très calme, situé au 5ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur !). Lignes 12 (10min) et 13 (5min) à proximité, et Tramway T3 en face de l'immeuble Logements avec moulures et cheminée, parquet, cuisine séparée, salle de bain et WC séparés, 1 chambre et 1 séjour, avec possibilité de dormir sur le canapé lit. Machine à laver, four, micro-ondes, ventilateur (cela peut servir !). Appartement entier disponible Complètement joignable! Quartier calme et résidentiel (sud 15ème arrondissement), près du parc Georges Brassens Tramway T3 (station Brancion) en bas de l'immeuble. Ligne 13 à 5 minutes (Porte de Vanves) et ligne 12 à 10 minutes (Porte de Versailles)
12382	A unique place with a very practical layout to share a drink while cooking on the bar, having wine & cheese on the designer's table or speding quality time in the living room. The bedroom is calm with an authentic marble chimney	In a residencial aeria, near to many transportation route, this cosy apartment is the perfect place to stay after a day visiting or working. Calm & peacefull, very practical for an everyday life. A unique place with a very practical layout to share a drink while cooking on the bar, having wine & cheese on the designer's table or speding quality time in the living room. The bedroom is calm with an authentic marble chimney Access to everything I would love to meet new people ! Have a nice diner & describe them the best places to visit nearby ! Calm & residencial neirboughood with quality shops : Best Baguette & Butcher of Paris ! Metro 8 Boucicaut Métro 12 Convention RER C Javel Tramway 2 & 3
12383		Ce studio est lumineux, sans vis à vis, avec la Tour Eiffel dans l'axe des fenêtres, dans un quartier sympa avec tous les commerces, la Seine et  le métro ligne 10 à 5mns Idéalement placé pour accéder aux monuments et lieux touristiques de PARIS tout par téléphone il n'est pas en plein centre touristique et donc plus calme, a une vraie vie de quartier et en même temps très proche de tous les sites parisiens grâce aux transports en commun.Très belles ballades à faire à pieds par les bords de Seine à 5mns On trouve des places dans le rues voisines. De plus, il y a des parkings surveillés au centre commercial Beaugrenelle. Un arrêt de bus sur la rue de la Convention à 2mns et le métro à 5mns
12384	Located in a very quiet area in a small paved street perpendicular to an avenue along the Champs de Mars, our apartment is on the 1st floor of an art deco building, typical of Paris.  It consists of a spacious entrance, a beautifully decorated living room with fireplace overlooking the cobbled street, a comfortable 18m² bedroom, a double dressing, large bathroom with tub.  The kitchen is fully equipped (washing machine, microwave, ceramic hob, oven).  The apartment offers facilities that allow optimum comfort: cable TV with Canal +, wireless internet, double intercom.  It can accommodate 2 to 4 people, depending on the level of comfort desired: the room has a double bed and the living room has a comfortable sofa bed.  We provide linens and towels and kitchen cupboards contain commodities for your arrival. The area is very nice and you can walk safely. 3 metro lines (6-8-10) and many bus stops are within 5 minutes walk as well as Velib and Autolib stations.  Many shops and supermarkets 	Beau 2 pièces de 50m² refait à neuf à 2 pars du Champs de Mars. Idéal pour touristes venus visiter la capitale. Il est composé d'un salon, d'une chambre, d'une cuisine séparée et d'une sdb avec baignoire.  Located in a very quiet area in a small paved street perpendicular to an avenue along the Champs de Mars, our apartment is on the 1st floor of an art deco building, typical of Paris.  It consists of a spacious entrance, a beautifully decorated living room with fireplace overlooking the cobbled street, a comfortable 18m² bedroom, a double dressing, large bathroom with tub.  The kitchen is fully equipped (washing machine, microwave, ceramic hob, oven).  The apartment offers facilities that allow optimum comfort: cable TV with Canal +, wireless internet, double intercom.  It can accommodate 2 to 4 people, depending on the level of comfort desired: the room has a double bed and the living room has a comfortable sofa bed.  We provide linens and towels and kitchen cupboards contain commodi
12385	Ce bel appartement est dans immeuble typiquement parisien en pierre de taille de début de XXème siècle dans un quartier très vivant avec plusieurs restaurants et commerces à proximité, une vraie vie de quartier et un marché à proximité toute la semaine y compris le dimanche. Un canapé-lit et une mezzanine qui descend avec un moteur dans le salon pour 2 lits double en plus en cas de nécessité et permettant d'accueillir 8 personnes au total.	Appartement de 85 m2 avec 2 chambres: 1 lit double et 2 lits simples pour enfants, très lumineux et calme dans un quartier commerçant y compris le dimanche.  Belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet et moulures à 15 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel.  Ce bel appartement est dans immeuble typiquement parisien en pierre de taille de début de XXème siècle dans un quartier très vivant avec plusieurs restaurants et commerces à proximité, une vraie vie de quartier et un marché à proximité toute la semaine y compris le dimanche. Un canapé-lit et une mezzanine qui descend avec un moteur dans le salon pour 2 lits double en plus en cas de nécessité et permettant d'accueillir 8 personnes au total.
12386	- This is a designer apartment, very comfortable, in the center of Paris. - We are lacks nothing: there is everything. - I can accommodate 2 people	Design Studio, Clean and Comfortable:    * 1 sofa / bed (2 places)    * 1 sofa - Close to All Paris monuments. - Kitchen Equipped with commodities - Clean and big Bathroom - Close To 2 Metros. - Wifi Very high speed - This is a designer apartment, very comfortable, in the center of Paris. - We are lacks nothing: there is everything. - I can accommodate 2 people - Bedroom / Living Room Clean sheets, large TV, high speed WiFi, architect Table, Beautiful decoration, Sofa, Sofa Bed, Storage, Wardrobes ... -Kitchen Fridge, Freezer, Washing Machine, Tumble online, Kettle, Toaster, Oven, Microwave Oven, basic product for cooking (frying pan, saucepan, oil, salt, pepper, sugar, flour, spices ...) -Bathroom Shower, clean towels and washcloths, shower gel, shampoo, hair dryer, steamer Vertical steam, toilet paper ... -I would not be here during your stay. -I Would be available 24/7 for any questions or problems. - I live and work in 15 minutes from the apartment, so check in and check out can be
12387	"The flat is south oriented, at the 4th floor, which give it a lot of light all day long. You will find all conveniences in this apartment : double-glazing in the bedroom, big and comfortable bed (160x200), double sofa bed very comfortable, bath, all-equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee maker, large balcony, separated wc, wifi, 2 TVs, DVDs, modern music system, big place to eat ... You won't be disappointed !   While enjoying this quiet and cosy flat, you can walk through the animated district in the area, with the Commerce street (long shopping street), the ""Champ de Mars"" and of course the Eiffel Tower. You will find here all the restaurants and bars you want as well. Three subway lines (6, 8 and 10) are available at 2 min walk (La Motte-Picquet Grenelle stop), as well as various bus lines. For example, you can be in the Champs Elysées in only 10 minutes.   In a word, don't hesitate, it's the place to be to spend good times in Paris !"	"Come and spend some times in our cosy flat! 60sq m // 3 rooms (one is locked) just near the Eiffel Tower and a very nice shopping area. Situated in one of the most animated places in Paris. Very bright and comfortable, it's the perfect Home sweet Hom The flat is south oriented, at the 4th floor, which give it a lot of light all day long. You will find all conveniences in this apartment : double-glazing in the bedroom, big and comfortable bed (160x200), double sofa bed very comfortable, bath, all-equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee maker, large balcony, separated wc, wifi, 2 TVs, DVDs, modern music system, big place to eat ... You won't be disappointed !   While enjoying this quiet and cosy flat, you can walk through the animated district in the area, with the Commerce street (long shopping street), the ""Champ de Mars"" and of course the Eiffel Tower. You will find here all the restaurants and bars you want as well. Three subway lines (6, 8 and 10) are available at 2 mi"
12388	Agréable studio complètement refait avec vue sur la Seine et proche de la Tour Eiffel. Vous trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour un week-end ou des vacances. 	Petit Studio de 17m² bien aménagé proche de la Tour Eiffel avec une vue sur la Seine. Confortable vous aurez tout le confort nécessaire pour un week-end de repos ou de travail. Il y a des ascenseurs dans l'immeuble donc pas d'inquiétude.  Agréable studio complètement refait avec vue sur la Seine et proche de la Tour Eiffel. Vous trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour un week-end ou des vacances.  Le studio en entier. accueil et départ des locataires Vue dégagée sur la Seine, Proximité de la Tour Eiffel, Le centre Beaugrenelle, quartier Saint Charles et ses commerces métro: ligne 6 Bir-hakeim Tour Eiffel ou RER C, ligne 10 Charles Michels, Bus: 70 Depuis l'Aeroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle: RER B jusqu'à Denfert-Rochereau puis prendre la ligne 6 jusque Bir-Hakeim. Depuis l'Aeroport d'Orly: Orly bus jusque Denfert-Rochereau puis prendre la ligne 6 jusque Bir-hakeim. Depuis/from Gare du Nord: RER B jusque Denfert-Rochereau puis ligne 6 jusque Bir-hakeim 
12389	Cet appartement de 2 pièces, peut accueillir 2 personnes confortablement. L'appartement situé au 6e étage est très clair, vous pourrez profiter pleinement des rayons du soleil. La cuisine ouverte et équipé d'un bar, permet de profiter d'un grand espace à vivre avec le salon.	Entre le Parc des Expositions, Montparnasse et le Champ de Mars, ce 2 pièces au calme sera un point de départ idéal pour vos visites parisiennes. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes et est situé à Convention, véritable petit village dans Paris. Cet appartement de 2 pièces, peut accueillir 2 personnes confortablement. L'appartement situé au 6e étage est très clair, vous pourrez profiter pleinement des rayons du soleil. La cuisine ouverte et équipé d'un bar, permet de profiter d'un grand espace à vivre avec le salon. Quartier particulièrement animé, avec de nombreux de commerces de proximités. Tout peut se faire à pied. A pied, nous sommes à 1 minute à peine du métro Convention (ligne 12) traversant Paris. Des bus qui vous emmènerons dans tout Paris. Et à 8 minutes, le Tramway qui fait le tour de Paris.  En voiture, l'appartement est situé à 5 minutes de la Porte de Versailles.
12390		Our comfortable one bedroom apartment in a typical beautiful Parisan style is set up to sleep 4 in 2 rooms.  It is centrally located, close to metro lines 8, 10 and 6 and is a 15 minute walk from Champ de Mars (the park with the Eiffel Tower).
12391		Deux canapés lits très confortables dans salon de mon sympathique deux pièces. SDB avec grande douche. Petit déjeuner au bar ou dans les canapés. Frigo à partager, TV, WIFI, café, boulangerie et bons restaurants dans le quartier, parc à proximité.
12392		Apartment 55m2  at Metro Pasteur - closed to supermarkets, shopping, and m - 10 min walking to reach the Eiffel Tower.  There are 2 bedrooms - 1 living room with a big sofa - 1 bathroom - 1 large equipped kitchen. Internet wifi and TV are included.
12393	Quiet studio, 4th floor (double glazed) Americain kitchen (fridge, freezer, micro wave,stove) bathroom (wc, shower, washbasin) bedroom and living room (table, dressing, tv cable and internet, double bed with a very good mattress)   	Cute studio, everything you need for a short or long stay in paris,  3 metro station near, (DUROC,SEVRES LECOURBE, PASTEUR) 10 minutes by metro from champs élysées and 15 minutes by walk to le Bon Marché...  Verry easy! Quiet studio, 4th floor (double glazed) Americain kitchen (fridge, freezer, micro wave,stove) bathroom (wc, shower, washbasin) bedroom and living room (table, dressing, tv cable and internet, double bed with a very good mattress)   Wifi, tv check in and check out only Different kind of Bakery, shop, bar, restaurant super Very easy!!! 4 metro station near (13-10 Duroc,12 Pasteur ,6 sevres lecourbe) Taxi stop opposite to my building Bus station front of Necker hospital
12394		Located in a typical Haussmann building, luxurious 3 bedroom apartment fully equipped with a spectacular view on the Seine and its péniches, 200 meters from the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is very quiet and near all necessary facilities & transports.
12395	"In a safe neighborhood, about 3mn walk from the metro station ""Porte de Versailles"" (metro line 12, tramway T2 & T3,bus line 80 and 39, Velib stations).  20 minutes from the city center: Notre Dame, Chatelet. 15mn from the Eiffel Tower. Easy connection also to the Chateau de Versailles. One bedroom apartment, 484sq. feet, usefull and clean. In the aera, you will find supermarkets, restaurants and bars, shops and parcs (check on the guide). At the 6th floor with a small elevator, nice view with a balcony (find the Eiffel tower !!!): Ideal from 1 to 4 persons, with 2 single beds becoming real queen size (160x200cm), one in the bedroom, one in the living (website hidden) cable and internet high speed access, a small bathroom with large shower... The kitchen has an electric oven, gaz for cooking, micro wave (tap water is very good in the city !!!) ... Electric fans... Baby welcome with possibility of bed and bathtube. No animal admitance. Towels and bed linen furnished. Possibility to acce"	"In a safe neighborhood, about 3mn walk from the metro station ""Porte de Versailles"" (metro line 12, tramway T2 & T3,bus line 80 and 39, Velib stations).  20 minutes to the city center: Notre Dame, Chatelet. 15 to the Eiffel Tower. Easy connections In a safe neighborhood, about 3mn walk from the metro station ""Porte de Versailles"" (metro line 12, tramway T2 & T3,bus line 80 and 39, Velib stations).  20 minutes from the city center: Notre Dame, Chatelet. 15mn from the Eiffel Tower. Easy connection also to the Chateau de Versailles. One bedroom apartment, 484sq. feet, usefull and clean. In the aera, you will find supermarkets, restaurants and bars, shops and parcs (check on the guide). At the 6th floor with a small elevator, nice view with a balcony (find the Eiffel tower !!!): Ideal from 1 to 4 persons, with 2 single beds becoming real queen size (160x200cm), one in the bedroom, one in the living (website hidden) cable and internet high speed access, a small bathroom with large shower..."
12396	Très bien situé, proches de commerces, facile d'accès. Lumineux et calme, situé en résidence dans le 15eme 	Studio de 30m², lumineux, très calme. Grande pièce à vivre, coin cuisine équipé, salle de bain. Balcon de 10 m² fleuri et aménagé. Situé en plein cœur de Paris, 15 ème, près de la gare Montparnasse, proche de commerces. Facile d'accès. Très bien situé, proches de commerces, facile d'accès. Lumineux et calme, situé en résidence dans le 15eme Accès à internet , TV.
12397	This flat is located in Paris 15 th disctrict. It is very close to the Eiffel Tower. The closest metro station is Charles Michels and it is less than a minute walk from the appartment. This apartment is the perfect home base to explore Paris. It is central and quiet. The Living room area includes a kitchen where two people can sleep. There is a Bedroom with a double bed and the bathroom has a shower facility. You will also find a bike station and all kinds of shops (supermarkets, pharmacy, bakery, etc) 	This flat is located in Paris 15 th disctrict. It is very close to the Eiffel Tower. The closest metro station is Charles Michels and it is less than a minute walk from the appartment. This apartment is the perfect home base to explore Paris. It is central and quiet. The Living room area includes a kitchen where two people can sleep. There is a Bedroom with a double bed and the bathroom has a shower facility. You will also find a bike station and all kinds of shops (supermarkets, pharmacy, bakery, etc)  metro / bike /  On a daily basis 
12398		A deux pas (une station de métro) de la Tour Eiffel, le studio de 20m2 (avec cuisine et salle de bain séparés) est très agréable et fonctionnel. Métro Dupleix à 50m, marché juste en bas de l'immeuble le dimanche.
12399	"/!\ WARNING /!\: Although the entire house is available between Aug. 8th and Aug. 15th (capacity : 5 pers.), my roommate who occupies the other room may be present during your stay on the other schedules (capacity : 2 pers.). Very discreet and friendly, she can help you on the use of the equipment of the house and give you some advice about places to see. Don't hesitate to ask for more information. Dear traveler, Are you an adventurer ? Alone or accompanied ? Looking for an unusual location in the heart of Paris? Julien & Zorica opens the doors of the "" Castle Maridor ""! A room is available ( my roommate occupies the other room and she may be present in the apartment during the stay) in a Zen atmosphere , Haussmann building, quiet, with large double bed, very comfortable! Large bathroom with bath and washing machine. Towels and small soaps available. Small cozy well equipped kitchen, coffee, tea, biscuits available . Large living room with TV, internet , dining room etc. The area is ve"	"A haven of peace , our apartment in the 15th district is both typical and atypical Parisian at once! Interior decoration gives the apartment a very warm welcome and you will quickly feel "" at home "" :) !    /!\ WARNING /!\: Although the entire house is available between Aug. 8th and Aug. 15th (capacity : 5 pers.), my roommate who occupies the other room may be present during your stay on the other schedules (capacity : 2 pers.). Very discreet and friendly, she can help you on the use of the equipment of the house and give you some advice about places to see. Don't hesitate to ask for more information. Dear traveler, Are you an adventurer ? Alone or accompanied ? Looking for an unusual location in the heart of Paris? Julien & Zorica opens the doors of the "" Castle Maridor ""! A room is available ( my roommate occupies the other room and she may be present in the apartment during the stay) in a Zen atmosphere , Haussmann building, quiet, with large double bed, very comfortable! Large bath"
12400	The apartment is located on the 2nd floor, with elevator of  a small Parisian building You have a living room with a sofa bed in black leather, with a very comfortable bed , a coffee table , a round  dining table with four chairs , a flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered . The kitchen is open on the living room and includes  all the appliances you wish,  with , in particular, a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The bedroom features  large bed being transformed into 2 beds if necessary, bedside tables and a large closet The bathroom includes a  cabin shower very modern  and washbasin and  toilets  You have electric heating  and wood flooring covers the apartment This apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement ,in a  very Parisian area, well placed in relation to international exhibition Center Porte de Versailles , the ultra modern hospital Georges Pompidou , close to the Eiffel Tower , and distri	Experience the  Parisian daily life of  this family apartment in Paris, with possibility to rent quite the same apartment on the same  landing. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor, with elevator of  a small Parisian building You have a living room with a sofa bed in black leather, with a very comfortable bed , a coffee table , a round  dining table with four chairs , a flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered . The kitchen is open on the living room and includes  all the appliances you wish,  with , in particular, a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The bedroom features  large bed being transformed into 2 beds if necessary, bedside tables and a large closet The bathroom includes a  cabin shower very modern  and washbasin and  toilets  You have electric heating  and wood flooring covers the apartment This apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement ,in a  very Parisian area, well placed in relat
12401	Ce joli studio clair et refait à neuf est situé dans le 15ème arrondissement, à 15min à pied du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, dans une rue calme. Situé au 1er étage avec ascenseur d'une résidence de standing et sécurisée, il est entouré de nombreux commerces allant de petits commerçants de quartier aux grandes enseignes pour un moment shopping rue du Commerce!   Vous bénéficierez d'une vraie vie de quartier parisien et pourrez également rejoindre tous les plus beaux quartiers et monuments de Paris en moins de 30min en transport en commun ou Vélo ! L'appartement est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, meublée d'un canapé-lit neuf et confortable de 2 places. 	"Découvrez un charmant quartier parisien plein de vie, tout en bénéficiant d'une situation idéale pour découvrir Paris ! Tout le confort nécessaire pour vous sentir ""comme à la maison"" Ce joli studio clair et refait à neuf est situé dans le 15ème arrondissement, à 15min à pied du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, dans une rue calme. Situé au 1er étage avec ascenseur d'une résidence de standing et sécurisée, il est entouré de nombreux commerces allant de petits commerçants de quartier aux grandes enseignes pour un moment shopping rue du Commerce!   Vous bénéficierez d'une vraie vie de quartier parisien et pourrez également rejoindre tous les plus beaux quartiers et monuments de Paris en moins de 30min en transport en commun ou Vélo ! L'appartement est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, meublée d'un canapé-lit neuf et confortable de 2 places. Vous aurez accès au logement dans son intégralité. Tout équipé, pour vous faciliter au maximum votre séjour! Kitchenette équipée : Réfrigérateur,"
12402	- One bedroom with a double bed - One living room with a double sofa bed for two extra people. - A big entry, kitchen and bathroom.  - All room have windows with south orientation.  - The flat is at the 6th floor with elevator.  - The living room and bedroom have small balcony. - The flat can host baby, with have a children (small bed, changing table, ...)	Nice and silent flat of 51 m2 with : a big entry, 1 bedroom, 1 living room, kitchen and bathroom. All room have windows with south orientation. The living room and bedroom have small balcony. See you soon, François and Camille. - One bedroom with a double bed - One living room with a double sofa bed for two extra people. - A big entry, kitchen and bathroom.  - All room have windows with south orientation.  - The flat is at the 6th floor with elevator.  - The living room and bedroom have small balcony. - The flat can host baby, with have a children (small bed, changing table, ...) The guest have access to the whole flat. We are not present in the flat when you rent it, so interactions are limited to your arrival. Located at Vaugirard, you will found a small park, two metro stations (Vaugirard and Commerce) and all commodities like restaurant, supermarket, bar,... The Eiffel Tower is reachable by walk ! This include Champ de Mars and Ecole Militaire. South west of Paris and well served b
12403	"You will find a french typical place, in a classic ""haussmanian"" building (building of 20th), with high ceilings and wide windows. It is a one bedroom ground floor of 50m². It has  a lounge, a kitchen, a bathroom, separate closets and an entrance.  It is  accessible to push- and arm-chair. We have 1 bed and a sofa-bed. Sheets and towels are provided."	"This flat has many advantages. On the one hand, you will find the peaceful, elegant and safe ""quartier"" where many private residences and embassies are located. On the other hand, you are very close to the heart of Paris. You will find a french typical place, in a classic ""haussmanian"" building (building of 20th), with high ceilings and wide windows. It is a one bedroom ground floor of 50m². It has  a lounge, a kitchen, a bathroom, separate closets and an entrance.  It is  accessible to push- and arm-chair. We have 1 bed and a sofa-bed. Sheets and towels are provided. You can contact me by mail or by phone. Located 5 min-walk from the Eiffel Tower, 15 min-walk to the Invalides and 5 min-walk from the typical ""rue du Commerce"". A very living quartier, near all the best entertainment and culture in the city. The flat is conveniently located with you'll need: banks, post office, churches, bakeries, minimarkets, pharmacies... Across the road, you will find the ""village suisse"", which is a "
12404	Mon logement est très agréable, il peut accueillir 4 personnes, car nous avons un canapé lit pour 2 personnes en plus de la chambre. Donc pratique pour un couple avec 2 enfants.  De plus, une terrasse est agréable lorsqu'il fait beau.  L'appartement est tout équipé, et je vous laisserai dans le frigo et le placard tout ce qu'il faut pour un petit déjeuner !	Appartement très confortable, avec une chambre et une cuisine toute équipée séparée.  L'appartement est situé dans le 15ème, près du métro Convention ou Vaugirard, quartier très agréable, plein de petits restaurants et de boutiques. Mon logement est très agréable, il peut accueillir 4 personnes, car nous avons un canapé lit pour 2 personnes en plus de la chambre. Donc pratique pour un couple avec 2 enfants.  De plus, une terrasse est agréable lorsqu'il fait beau.  L'appartement est tout équipé, et je vous laisserai dans le frigo et le placard tout ce qu'il faut pour un petit déjeuner ! Le tram se situe juste derrière l'immeuble a 300m, et le métro Convention sur la ligne 12 à environ 2min à pied  Vous pourrez aller sur les Champs Elysée en 20 min !  Je vous laisserai le guide de mes bonnes adresses afin de pouvoir visiter Paris !  Mon quartier est très agréable car il est vivant mais en même temps très sécurisé, on est à 10 minutes en métro du plein centre de Paris.  Mais le quartier d
12405	"""NEIGHBORHOD SHOPPING"" - These very words melt in the mouth of those guests who choose to stay in our modern, comfortable EIFFEL TOWER 1 apartment, which is located just off one of Paris’s oldest shopping streets, the Rue de Commerce, on the edge of the 7th and the 15th arrondissements, The Rue de Commerce is one of the key hubs of Parisian shopping mania with a large selection of bakeries, clothing stores, cheese shops, jewelers, fruit markets, cafés, and boutiques of all stripes. The street provides much of the life-blood to the inhabitants of this Parisian village, which is only about a 10 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower or to Les Invalides where Napoleon is buried.  Served by 5 metro lines and 2 bus routes, this bustling ‘quartier,’ or neighborhood, is the discreet home to many lovely buildings and parks. At first glance, although this part of Paris may appear somewhat detached from the historic center, most of the key tourist destinations are quickly accessible via the metro or bu"	"This cozy and well appointed flat is perfect for your short or long term stay. Close to all amenities and within easy access to the major sites of Paris. ""NEIGHBORHOD SHOPPING"" - These very words melt in the mouth of those guests who choose to stay in our modern, comfortable EIFFEL TOWER 1 apartment, which is located just off one of Paris’s oldest shopping streets, the Rue de Commerce, on the edge of the 7th and the 15th arrondissements, The Rue de Commerce is one of the key hubs of Parisian shopping mania with a large selection of bakeries, clothing stores, cheese shops, jewelers, fruit markets, cafés, and boutiques of all stripes. The street provides much of the life-blood to the inhabitants of this Parisian village, which is only about a 10 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower or to Les Invalides where Napoleon is buried.  Served by 5 metro lines and 2 bus routes, this bustling ‘quartier,’ or neighborhood, is the discreet home to many lovely buildings and parks. At first glance, although"
12406	***Description  Studio de 23 square metters Paris city cenre 15 Subway line 8 - Boucicaut ***Flat Brand new modern and cosy flat 1 entrance, 1 living room, 1 kitchen and 1 bathroom Living room fully equiped with tv,  convertible sofa and closets Kitchen fullt equiped with fridge, hoven, cofe machine, washing machine... Bathroom with shower and toilets Wifi in the flat This flat is very well decorated, it also has a small balcony. The wooden floor reminds of typical parisian old style flat but the decoration is very young and modern. ***Résidence The flat is Inside a securized residence, with guardians and doors with codes. The residence is very quiet and isolated from the street noises. ***Localisation The flat is located in Paris city center, less than 10 minute to the Eiffel Tower and deparment stores. The neighborhood is very quiet and all kind of shps are surrounding the residence (bakeries, supermarket, starbucks cafe, cafes, post office, banks, fastfood and small restaurants... T	***Description  Studio de 23 square metters Paris city cenre 15 Subway line 8 - Boucicaut ***Flat Brand new modern and cosy flat 1 entrance, 1 living room, 1 kitchen and 1 bathroom Living room fully equiped with tv,  convertible sofa and closets Kitchen fullt equiped with fridge, hoven, cofe machine, washing machine... Bathroom with shower and toilets Wifi in the flat This flat is very well decorated, it also has a small balcony. The wooden floor reminds of typical parisian old style flat but the decoration is very young and modern. ***Résidence The flat is Inside a securized residence, with guardians and doors with codes. The residence is very quiet and isolated from the street noises. ***Localisation The flat is located in Paris city center, less than 10 minute to the Eiffel Tower and deparment stores. The neighborhood is very quiet and all kind of shps are surrounding the residence (bakeries, supermarket, starbucks cafe, cafes, post office, banks, fastfood and small restaurants... T
12407	Le séjour dispose d'un canapé convertible en lit selon vos besoins, en face d'une TV à écran plat avec Internet en wifi et un coin bureau pour planifier vos rendez-vous. Reposez-vous après une journée de visite sur les fauteuils du bow window. La salle à manger indépendante vous permettra de vous restaurer sur place grâce à une cuisine attenante entièrement équipée. Idéal pour deux ou quatre personnes, la chambre double dispose de rangements pour vos effets personnels. Une belle salle de bains complète ce bien confortable. The Appartement Features: Living room with sofa bed for two people and TV Separate dining room  Separate and fully furnished kitchen Double bedroom with closet Elegant bathroom Authentic decoration and Parisian 40's spirit Free Wifi Throughout Great location near subways 	Au 4ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble bourgeois du boulevard Pasteur, ce bien confortable accueillera 2 à 4 personnes avec une chambre double et un convertible dans le double living. Dans le quartier recherché de Montparnasse, Paris 15ème. Le séjour dispose d'un canapé convertible en lit selon vos besoins, en face d'une TV à écran plat avec Internet en wifi et un coin bureau pour planifier vos rendez-vous. Reposez-vous après une journée de visite sur les fauteuils du bow window. La salle à manger indépendante vous permettra de vous restaurer sur place grâce à une cuisine attenante entièrement équipée. Idéal pour deux ou quatre personnes, la chambre double dispose de rangements pour vos effets personnels. Une belle salle de bains complète ce bien confortable. The Appartement Features: Living room with sofa bed for two people and TV Separate dining room  Separate and fully furnished kitchen Double bedroom with closet Elegant bathroom Authentic decoration and Parisian 40's spirit Fre
12408	Ideally located between The Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse and Saint-Germain des Prés, very peaceful, comfortable, new sofa bed (king size), renovated bathroom, 12 sqm terrace with a view on the Eiffel Tower, exquisite decoration, antique furniture, piano, paintings, 6th floor elevator, in the heart of Paris Rive Gauche.	Bright, calm and spacious studio, exquisitely decorated with antiques and original art. Large balcony with table and chairs and view of the Eiffel Tower. Ideally situated in Montparnasse in a typical parisian neighbourhood.  Ideally located between The Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse and Saint-Germain des Prés, very peaceful, comfortable, new sofa bed (king size), renovated bathroom, 12 sqm terrace with a view on the Eiffel Tower, exquisite decoration, antique furniture, piano, paintings, 6th floor elevator, in the heart of Paris Rive Gauche.
12409	"My brand-new design 60m2 appartment, located in the ""Eiffel Seine"" residence is fully-furnished, offering luxury confort, a king size bed, 2 plasma screens with cable access and internet, touch-screen remote controlling lights and rolling shutter. The kitchen is full-equipped with micro-wave hoven,washing machine, dishwasher and all amenities. It can easily fit two to four people, a family or flatmate students. > 60 m - 2 rooms  16 rue de la Federation - 75015 Paris.  People: 4  Bedrooms: 1  Bathrooms: 1 (wc)  7th floor with lift  balcony  ADSL, WIFI  "	"At the foot of the Eiffel Tower in a new residence ""Eiffel Seine"" this apartment of 60 m2 welcomes you alone or with family, comfortably in the heart of Paris. 16 rue de la Federation - 75015 Paris.  My brand-new design 60m2 appartment, located in the ""Eiffel Seine"" residence is fully-furnished, offering luxury confort, a king size bed, 2 plasma screens with cable access and internet, touch-screen remote controlling lights and rolling shutter. The kitchen is full-equipped with micro-wave hoven,washing machine, dishwasher and all amenities. It can easily fit two to four people, a family or flatmate students. > 60 m - 2 rooms  16 rue de la Federation - 75015 Paris.  People: 4  Bedrooms: 1  Bathrooms: 1 (wc)  7th floor with lift  balcony  ADSL, WIFI  Nearby ...  transport:  taxi 100m  Metro (Line 6) Bir-Hakeim 150 m  RER (line C) Champs de Mars Tour Eiffel 150 m  Bus (lines (phone number hidden) m  Autolib 2m  Vélib 150m  Airports:  Paris - Orly (ORY) 15 km  Paris - Roissy - Charles de Ga"
12410	We offer a large sofa bed for two in our 50m2 flat. Our place is well equipped to offer you a nice stay in town (WiFi, TV, printer, washing machine, microwave, kitchen, a fan if it gets too hot in summer, etc). We can also provide sheets and towels if necessary. Mostly young couples and families live in the building so you will find a nice environnement.	After a long day visiting one of the most amazing cities in the world, what's better than getting back home to have a rest in a quiet and calm place and still being just 15 minutes away from all the buzz? We offer a large sofa bed for two in our 50m2 flat. Our place is well equipped to offer you a nice stay in town (WiFi, TV, printer, washing machine, microwave, kitchen, a fan if it gets too hot in summer, etc). We can also provide sheets and towels if necessary. Mostly young couples and families live in the building so you will find a nice environnement. Guests will have access to all areas except the bedroom. Only my husband will be there eager to help you with anything you might need: tips, information, directions, etc. He could even share a drink or two if your schedules coincide. The XV district is the biggest in Paris. It's also considered as one of the safest, mostly composed by young families and executives. Our flat is well located as it's close to supermarkets (5 minutes on f
12411	Located at 10 minutes from Trocadero (Eiffel Tower), the apartment is very nice, quiet and bright. With a total of 45 m2, the apartment has two equal area rooms, a bathroom/toilet, kitchen (with fridge and washing machine), a hallway and a final little room/office. The rented room is completely private and reserved only for travelers. It has a double bed, a large closet, desk with armchair, lamps, a large mirror and a nightstand. Towels and sheets for the bed will be provided. The apartment has wifi with a fiber optic network.	Hi! I rent a private room, double bed, with access to all the apartment  - 45m² - (except my bedroom). Quiet and bright apartment located on the 4th floor, with elevator. 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower!!! Near several metro stations. The best!! Located at 10 minutes from Trocadero (Eiffel Tower), the apartment is very nice, quiet and bright. With a total of 45 m2, the apartment has two equal area rooms, a bathroom/toilet, kitchen (with fridge and washing machine), a hallway and a final little room/office. The rented room is completely private and reserved only for travelers. It has a double bed, a large closet, desk with armchair, lamps, a large mirror and a nightstand. Towels and sheets for the bed will be provided. The apartment has wifi with a fiber optic network. Travelers will have access to a private room with double bed, but also to the entire apartment (except my room). They will be able to use toilet, bathroom, kitchen, fridge, washing machine, wifi network, and the small ro
12412	Studio très chaleureux, fonctionnel, clair et ensoleillé.  Cuisine, salle de bains avec baignoire, lit king size, canapé amovible 6 places, table TV, internet WIFI, lave-machinemicrowave, table pliante, four Centrale, la situation géographique permet de se rendre aux différentes portes de Paris rapidement.  Le quartier est vivant et animé, on peut prévoir de longues balades a pied, sans avoir à prendre les transports.	Grand studio situé au coeur d'un quartier animé du centre de Paris.  Au 7ème étage d'un immeuble moderne, sécurisé avec gardien, grand studio très ensoleillé et spacieux. Métro Montparnasse ou à Gaîté (lignes 4, 6, 12, 13 et nombreux bus Studio très chaleureux, fonctionnel, clair et ensoleillé.  Cuisine, salle de bains avec baignoire, lit king size, canapé amovible 6 places, table TV, internet WIFI, lave-machinemicrowave, table pliante, four Centrale, la situation géographique permet de se rendre aux différentes portes de Paris rapidement.  Le quartier est vivant et animé, on peut prévoir de longues balades a pied, sans avoir à prendre les transports. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout le matériel hi-fi, électro-ménager, edf, eau, rangements... Je suis joignable par téléphone et e-mail. Centrale, la situation géographique permet de se rendre aux différentes portes de Paris rapidement.  Le quartier est vivant et animé, on peut prévoir de longues balades a pied, sans avoir à prendre les t
12413	This beautiful and comfortable room is fully equipped. It has a balcony, a window, a night table, a dressing, a bathroom, a sofa, a desk, wardrobe, wireless internet, kitchen, terrace, broadband Internet, as well as towels and linen provided, microwave and hairdryer. In the apartment, you can also enjoy a bike, a washing machine, a dryer, internet access, a TV room / home theater, and a reading room. This room is located in the 15th arrondissement in the center of the capital, where you will find all the essential areas of Paris nearby, including the Eiffel Tower and the Parc André Citroën. All shops and services are located in the area, also with a variety of activities to make your stay as pleasant and relaxed: a park, a bowling alley, thalassotherapy, cinema, swimming pool, shops, riding , a museum, a hike, a bike rental, theater, restaurants, water sport activities, bocce, historical sites, and tennis courts.	This beautiful and comfortable room is fully equipped. It has a balcony, a window, a night table, a dressing, a bathroom, a sofa, a desk, wardrobe, wireless internet, kitchen, terrace, broadband Internet, as well as towels and linen provided, microwave and hairdryer. In the apartment, you can also enjoy a bike, a washing machine, a dryer, internet access, a TV room / home theater, and a reading room. This room is located in the 15th arrondissement in the center of the capital, where you will find all the essential areas of Paris nearby, including the Eiffel Tower and the Parc André Citroën. All shops and services are located in the area, also with a variety of activities to make your stay as pleasant and relaxed: a park, a bowling alley, thalassotherapy, cinema, swimming pool, shops, riding , a museum, a hike, a bike rental, theater, restaurants, water sport activities, bocce, historical sites, and tennis courts.
12414	This apartment is a typical Parisian flat with high ceilings, high windows and wooden Floor. It is fully equipped.	"Large apartment located at 5 min walking distance from Champs de Mars & Eiffel Tower. This apartment of 61m2, situated at the 5th floor with elevator, is composed of 1 entrance, 1 room, 1 double living room, 1 kitchen, 1 toilet and 1 bathroom. This apartment is a typical Parisian flat with high ceilings, high windows and wooden Floor. It is fully equipped. You will have access to all the apartment. I (or my family) will be available if any questions Very calm neighborhood (the flat is located in a square with no cars). Close to the Champs de Mars / Eiffel Tower. Close also to ""rue du Commerce"" where you will find many stores. Very central in Paris, this flat is accessible by 2 Metro stations (Motte Piquet Grenelle and Cambronne)"
12415	Le logement est constitué : - d'une grande pièce à vivre  - d'une cuisine américaine avec lave linge, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, four/four micro-ondes, grille pain - d'une terrasse de 50 m² avec table, chaises, transats et parasol - d'une chambre avec lit 2 places - d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, sèche cheveux - Un parking fermé dans l'immeuble	Très  bel appartement de 50 mètres carrés avec terrasse idéalement situé pour visiter Paris et profiter de la vie parisienne (métro et sites touristiques proches). Peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes Le logement est constitué : - d'une grande pièce à vivre  - d'une cuisine américaine avec lave linge, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, four/four micro-ondes, grille pain - d'une terrasse de 50 m² avec table, chaises, transats et parasol - d'une chambre avec lit 2 places - d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, sèche cheveux - Un parking fermé dans l'immeuble Accès Internet, lave linge, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, four à micro-ondes, four Je suis disponible pour vous accompagner dans votre séjour à Paris. L'appartement est situé dans le XV ème arrondissement avec tout à portée de main : - Nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle - Charmante Rue du Commerce - Marché Saint Charles Nombreux commerces à proximité Supermarché en bas de l'appartement Idéalement situé, vous pourrez rejoindre directeme
12416	35 square meters all  equipped located on the ground floor of a charming building located in the 15th arrondissement, not far from the subway Boucicaut on line 8,  that goes directly to the very center of Paris in a 15 minutes ride.	Nice and equipped flat that sleeps up  3 people. All ready for your stay this summer! It has a fold out sofa bed comfortable and a single bed. All Linen provided WIFI included in the rent Equipped kitchen, ideal for your breakfasts and meals  35 square meters all  equipped located on the ground floor of a charming building located in the 15th arrondissement, not far from the subway Boucicaut on line 8,  that goes directly to the very center of Paris in a 15 minutes ride. The flat is all yours, you don't share it with us ! Perfect for a family of 3, or for colleagues and friends travelling together looking for a quiet space. I will welcome you at the flat, I speak english, french and I know Paris very well. I will provide you good information about transports, way of life and will give you a  map of Paris. Just note that for any early or late check out outside working hours, on holidays or  on sundays, and for any move you would request at the flat during your stay outside working hours
12417		Très agréable appartement de 4 pièces, typiquement parisien, idéalement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement, quartier commerce. Idéal pour couple avec enfant et bébés.
12418	I have chosen to live in this apartment because it is very well located in Paris.  Montparnasse railway station has high speed lines to Britany (Rennes) and south-west (Bordeaux, Toulouse ...) and suburban lines (Versailles palace ...). Metro lines (phone number hidden) will transport you everywhere in Paris. A lot of cinemas, night-clubs, theatres and restaurants in the district.	Hello ! I propose my 366 ft² apartment with a nice balcony, 200 ft away from Montparnasse railway station, close to everything but in a quiet lovely street. Very confortable for 2 to 4 people, 1 double-bed + 1 'back-up' sofa-bed. I have chosen to live in this apartment because it is very well located in Paris.  Montparnasse railway station has high speed lines to Britany (Rennes) and south-west (Bordeaux, Toulouse ...) and suburban lines (Versailles palace ...). Metro lines (phone number hidden) will transport you everywhere in Paris. A lot of cinemas, night-clubs, theatres and restaurants in the district. You will have access to every room and services. I just keep some lockers for my own stuff ... It is forbidden to smoke inside, but you can go outside on the balcony. I will give you the key and show you the apartment. Then I will let you alone to enjoy your journey in Paris ! Have a walk to Saint Germain des Près, where the great French poets, writers and composers were used to meet
12419	About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris	Amazing apartment in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to your new Parisian residence. About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris Absolutly everything is furnished, you don't even need to take your towels. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 3 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique (web
12420		"Dans petit immeuble fraîchement rénové, rue calme. Proche parc des expositions de Versailles, a 10min de la Gare Montparnasse. Accès métro ligne 13 ou tram 3a a moins de 5min. Lit 2 places dans chambre et canapé 2 places dans le salon, salle de bain, wc, cuisine équipée, wifi. Metro ligne 13 arrêt ""porte de Vanves"" Tram 3a arrêt ""porte de Vanves"" ou ""brancion"" Présence d'un chat"
12421	L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage d'un immeuble bien entretenu, avec digicode. Il est donc très clair ! Entièrement repeint il y a 5 mois, il est parfaitement salubre. D'une surface de 28 m2, il dispose d'une vraie cuisine indépendante, d'une grande pièce à vivre, d'une salle de bain et d'un couloir/entrée.  Il sera bien évidemment loué meublé et tout équipé (machine à laver, four, plaques de cuisson, frigidaire, congélateur, grille-pain). Un matelas d'appoint est également disponible.	Bel appartement de 28 m2, très lumineux, en bon état et bien agencé. Il est situé dans un quartier calme et très agréable avec plusieurs parcs et de nombreux commerces à proximité. L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage d'un immeuble bien entretenu, avec digicode. Il est donc très clair ! Entièrement repeint il y a 5 mois, il est parfaitement salubre. D'une surface de 28 m2, il dispose d'une vraie cuisine indépendante, d'une grande pièce à vivre, d'une salle de bain et d'un couloir/entrée.  Il sera bien évidemment loué meublé et tout équipé (machine à laver, four, plaques de cuisson, frigidaire, congélateur, grille-pain). Un matelas d'appoint est également disponible. L'ensemble de l'appartement vous sera accessible. L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme, dans un quartier très agréable, avec de nombreux parcs à proximité ainsi que tous les commerces dont vous aurez besoin (boulangerie, restaurants, Franprix, Monoprix, Carrefour, coiffeur, traiteurs, boucherie, etc.) L'appartement s
12422	Appartement haussmannien situé a quelques minutes de la porte de Versailles, dans un immeuble très calme 	Room of 14m2 in an apartment of 55m2 with living room, bathroom, kitchen, quiet building close to the Parc des Expo at Porte de Versailles, metro 8 and 12 nearby. Bedroom, living room, bathroom, kitchen, washing machine, stove, microwave. I will be available at any time if you need help.
12423	Enjoy great views on the Eiffel tower from all 3 bedrooms, and Montmartre from the living room balcony, perfect for diner or a drink to rest after a day of sightseeing while still taking advantage of the city. 3 bedrooms allow housing of up to 4 adults and one child. Fully equipped kitchen. Large bathtub	Enjoy a truly authentic parisian holiday with Eiffel Tower views from its 3 bedrooms and a Sacré Coeur view from the living room balcony. All in George Brassens neighborhood, one of Paris’ last “villages”. Enjoy great views on the Eiffel tower from all 3 bedrooms, and Montmartre from the living room balcony, perfect for diner or a drink to rest after a day of sightseeing while still taking advantage of the city. 3 bedrooms allow housing of up to 4 adults and one child. Fully equipped kitchen. Large bathtub Direct metro and bus to many parisian landmarks (Montmartre, Musée d'Orsay, Grands Magasins, Quartier Latin, Champs Elysées) without the hastle. enjoy an authetic parisian neighborhood with varied dining, cafés, the Vanves flea market and Ancient Book Market (weekends), and the George Brassens Park (perfect for children) Metro lines 12 & 13 Tram line 3a Bus lines 62, 89, 95
12424	"I offer you a large bedroom with a double bed with high quality bedding with a view to ""La Tour Eiffel” and a huge view to Montparnasse Tower. Moreover, it is full of natural light and the apartment is freshly painted. If you want to cook during your stay, no worries, the kitchen is there for you.  A fast internet wireless connection to book all your brunch & restaurant :).  By the way, you will full of restaurant at less than 2min by walk from the apartement. Fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, toaster, a stove and etc.  There are dishes and cookware, clean linens and towels in the apartment."	"Large room in perfect condition in one of the best collocation in Paris. All the apartment is freshly painted. Located at 5 min from Montparnasse by walk, it will be the little extra for the perfect stay in Paris :). I offer you a large bedroom with a double bed with high quality bedding with a view to ""La Tour Eiffel” and a huge view to Montparnasse Tower. Moreover, it is full of natural light and the apartment is freshly painted. If you want to cook during your stay, no worries, the kitchen is there for you.  A fast internet wireless connection to book all your brunch & restaurant :).  By the way, you will full of restaurant at less than 2min by walk from the apartement. Fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, toaster, a stove and etc.  There are dishes and cookware, clean linens and towels in the apartment. By walk : 2 min from Montparnasse 15 min from Saint-Germain-des-Prés 10 min from the famous Rue de Rennes 10 min from Luxembourg Gardens 15 min from the Catacombs of Paris The a"
12425	Studio romantique parfait pour un couple ! Appartement idéalement situé rive gauche, cosy. Un balcon au soleil aménagé avec une table et deux chaises, très agréables pour un diner avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. A votre disposition :  Cuisine équipée avec bar : Plaque en céramique, micro-ondes, bouilloire, four à tarte/ pizza, appareil à fondu sucré (chocolat), shaker, presse-agrumes, hachoir. Nombreux livres de Paris et guides touristiques.  Un coin bureau Par ailleurs, également à votre disposition, un fer et une petite table à repasser, une machine à laver, une connexion wifi gratuite, télévision HD, un lecteur DVD, Salle de bains : douche, sèche-cheveux.  Nous disposons également d’une literie de qualité, avec une couette et nombreux oreillers. Un placard sera libéré afin que vous puissiez y ranger vos affaires si vous le souhaitez. 	Vue prenante sur la Tour Eiffel située à 2 pas! Studio romantique, parfait pour un couple ! Appartement neuf et équipé, proche tout commerces.Nice and cosy studio overlooking the Eiffel Tower, close to the subway. The perfect trip in Paris! Studio romantique parfait pour un couple ! Appartement idéalement situé rive gauche, cosy. Un balcon au soleil aménagé avec une table et deux chaises, très agréables pour un diner avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. A votre disposition :  Cuisine équipée avec bar : Plaque en céramique, micro-ondes, bouilloire, four à tarte/ pizza, appareil à fondu sucré (chocolat), shaker, presse-agrumes, hachoir. Nombreux livres de Paris et guides touristiques.  Un coin bureau Par ailleurs, également à votre disposition, un fer et une petite table à repasser, une machine à laver, une connexion wifi gratuite, télévision HD, un lecteur DVD, Salle de bains : douche, sèche-cheveux.  Nous disposons également d’une literie de qualité, avec une couette et nombreux oreillers. Un 
12426	Ce bel appartement au raffinement contemporain vous séduira immédiatement par sa luminosité et la sensation de bien-être qui en émane. L’équilibre des volumes, l’élégance discrète de sa décoration, le charme de sa terrasse fleurie contribuent à cette  impression de sérénité : vous vous y sentirez très vite chez vous. L'entrée sépare  la partie jour de la partie nuit. Quelques marches en contrebas, le salon-salle à manger ouvre sur la terrasse en caillebotis par une baie vitrée qui occupe tout un côté: elle prolonge la pièce et offre un  bel espace de vie. Le store rayé tamise la lumière en y apportant une petite touche très « bord de mer ».  A l’intérieur, une grande table, des fauteuils, un canapé convertible (offrant une possibilité de couchage supplémentaire pour deux personnes) et une bibliothèque remplie de beaux livres de voyage : évadez-vous, rêvez, paressez… Face à l'entée se trouve la cuisine ouverte avec un bar accueillant pour prendre un café ou pour accompagner le cuisinier	Beaux volumes pour cet appartement moderne et chaleureux, avec une terrasse fleurie. A deux pas du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel. Peut accueillir 4 personnes. Ce bel appartement au raffinement contemporain vous séduira immédiatement par sa luminosité et la sensation de bien-être qui en émane. L’équilibre des volumes, l’élégance discrète de sa décoration, le charme de sa terrasse fleurie contribuent à cette  impression de sérénité : vous vous y sentirez très vite chez vous. L'entrée sépare  la partie jour de la partie nuit. Quelques marches en contrebas, le salon-salle à manger ouvre sur la terrasse en caillebotis par une baie vitrée qui occupe tout un côté: elle prolonge la pièce et offre un  bel espace de vie. Le store rayé tamise la lumière en y apportant une petite touche très « bord de mer ».  A l’intérieur, une grande table, des fauteuils, un canapé convertible (offrant une possibilité de couchage supplémentaire pour deux personnes) et une bibliothèque remplie de beaux livres
12427	Great teracce to sit and enjoy drinks and dinner. Beautiful Bathroom with a large shower. Kitchen full of equipment. Bright all day long 	Pièce avec grande baie vitrée donnant sur terrasse.  Grande salle de bain et cuisine. Tous transports à proximité. Immeuble calme et résidentiel. Tout équipé.  Quartier Cambronne-Vaugirard. Great teracce to sit and enjoy drinks and dinner. Beautiful Bathroom with a large shower. Kitchen full of equipment. Bright all day long I will present myself to you, give you keys, explanations if you need while you enter the place. I will get the keys on your departure. A large diversity of shops, markets, bars and restaurants close of the apartment.  Buses and Metro 2 min walk. I can give you good adresses according to your choices and envies. Metro ligne 12 : Vaugirard  Bus 89, 39, 80
12428	Nous vous accueillons dans ce 3-pièces de 65 m² situé au coeur du 15ème arrondissement Parisien. A 15 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides, à moins de 5 minutes de la station de métro Commerce (ligne 8) et de la rue éponyme prisée des parisiens, vous pourrez y faire votre shopping, prendre un verre en terrasse ou vous diriger vers le centre culturel de Paris (Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Place de la Concorde, Tuileries...).  4 lignes de métro à moins de 10 minutes à pied : lignes 8 / 10 / 6 / 12  Nombreux commerces aux alentours, dont 2 supermarché à 3 minutes à pied;  L'appartement est très spacieux et très lumineux.  Dans le salon / salle à manger , de 30 m² et en arcade boisée , vous aurez à disposition des canapé/fauteuil pour prendre l'apéritif à la maison, un home cinéma / blu ray, ainsi qu'une Nintendo NES vintage pour les plus nostalgiques :-)... et même 1 guitare pour les artistes.  La cuisine est très fonctionnelle et tout équipée. Elle comporte:  - plaque à induction - l	"You are welcome in a private room in the center of the 15th Parisien Arrondissement (the Eiffel Tower is 15 min away by walk). Metro Station ""commerce"" in less than 3 min Most amenities available (wifi/washing machine, TV in the room..). Private room + own key + access to the entire appartment (kitchen / laundry / shower room / living room) We are both working during the day.  Metro M8 (Commerce)."
12429	This 10m2 private room is equipped with a double bed of 130 X 180cm and a tiny night table.The room is on the second floor with views to the quiet courtyard. A shared bathroom (with another single room) is situated next to the room .	On the romantic Rive Gauche (Left Bank) of Paris , it would be our pleasure to offer you a safe, warm and reasonably priced accommodation close to Montparnasse Station. This 10m2 private room is equipped with a double bed of 130 X 180cm and a tiny night table.The room is on the second floor with views to the quiet courtyard. A shared bathroom (with another single room) is situated next to the room . Clean bed linen, bath toileteries, kettle, refridgerator ,microwave oven, travel adapters  Guide book such as My Little Paris(EN) or Explored Pais(EN) and Lonely Planet Paris(CN) High Speed Free Wi-Fi service throughout all area in the apartment is accessible. Sophie is a student of cinematography and she would love to meet tourists around the world! English, French or Chinese speaking guests are all welcome. On the romantic Rive Gauche (Left Bank) of Paris , it would be our pleasure to offer you a safe, warm and reasonably priced accommodation close to Montparnasse Station. The apartment i
12430	The accommodation is situated close to Montparnasse. With easy access to buses, subways, rent a Velib or Autolib, Cars Air France. The area is quiet, and you will feel safe.	Small and cozy 40m2 apartment to share, near Montparnasse 15th, to visit Paris serenely. Clean, bright and functional. The traveler will sleep in the lounge on a day bed | futon with a beautiful tempered duvet. High Speed WiFi, digital TV. Non smoking traveler. Student traveler, Globe Trotter, Explorer new cultures, young in mind, communicative, curious, friendly and clean for a nice interior life sharing are welcome. The accommodation is situated close to Montparnasse. With easy access to buses, subways, rent a Velib or Autolib, Cars Air France. The area is quiet, and you will feel safe. The traveler access to the small living room (daybed / futon for sleeping with a beautiful duvet temperate), kitchen, bathroom. The traveler remains autonomous. This room is reserved for one person only. Guidance for the success of your stay in Paris | The access to sights | The good addresses for restaurants | The best places to party | The best places to culture | Tourist traps to avoid for my trave
12431	En face du parc des expositions de Porte de Versailles et du palais des sport.	Appartement au calme, lumineux vue dégagée qui permet un réveil aux chants des oiseaux en plein cœur de Paris! Proche du métro et Tram à 100 mètres( Porte de Versailles)proche des sites touristiques (15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel). En face du parc des expositions de Porte de Versailles et du palais des sport. A tout l'appartement. Je suis joignable sur mon portable en cas de besoin. L'avantage d'être au calme mais dans un quartier vivant! Métro ligne 12 et tram à 100 mètres du logement,Porte de Versailles, ligne 8 Balard à 5 minutes. Bus 39,42,80.
12432	On the fifth and last floor served by elevator, you will enjoy a peaceful and shiny place to stay in Paris.  The coating is designed for 3 people (1 single bed 90 in one bedroom and two futon beds 90 each, that can be assembled in another room. Caution : futons are close to the ground and are not suitable for people with mobility difficulties ).  There is a high table in the kitchen with 3 stools that can accommodate 2 or 3 people. And a coffee table in the living room for informal meals.  The kitchen is equipped for simple meals.  This apartment has been furnished with eco-friendly materials (paints without solvents, wood from European forests and natural materials (sisal, wool rug or cotton or viscose) .... Most cleaning products are organic.  On request, I can turn off the wifi.	Quiet apartment with two bedrooms, a large living room with fireplace, a kitchen, two bathrooms (one bath and one shower), two toilets.  Close to Porte de Versailles, 5 minutes far from the exhibition center. Near to Montparnasse. On the fifth and last floor served by elevator, you will enjoy a peaceful and shiny place to stay in Paris.  The coating is designed for 3 people (1 single bed 90 in one bedroom and two futon beds 90 each, that can be assembled in another room. Caution : futons are close to the ground and are not suitable for people with mobility difficulties ).  There is a high table in the kitchen with 3 stools that can accommodate 2 or 3 people. And a coffee table in the living room for informal meals.  The kitchen is equipped for simple meals.  This apartment has been furnished with eco-friendly materials (paints without solvents, wood from European forests and natural materials (sisal, wool rug or cotton or viscose) .... Most cleaning products are organic.  On request, I
12433	Studio in the heart of the 15th district.  Lively and functional neighborhood : lots of shops and restaurants nearby. Georges Brassens park (8.7 ha) 5 min walk	Comfortable studio for up to 2 people in the 15th district of Paris. Internet, TV (Canal + subscriptions and Bein Sport), central heating, bathroom with bath and WC mill. Sofa bed + mattress available. Studio in the heart of the 15th district.  Lively and functional neighborhood : lots of shops and restaurants nearby. Georges Brassens park (8.7 ha) 5 min walk There is a multitude of shops nearby (baker, butcher, restaurants, fast-food) as well as several supermarkets (Carrefour Market, Intermarket, Lidl) which make it a Lively and functional neighborhood during the day but relatively quiet at night. Several bus stop nearby: (phone number hidden) and 95 Metro stations 7 min walk: Convention (line 12) and Plaisance (line 13) Tramway station 10 min walk: T3A Vélib' and Autolib' stations 5 min walk 
12434	Appartement atypique, de charme et mansardé. Proche de nombreux commerces et de toutes les commodités. A seulement 5min à pied de la gare Montparnasse et à 3 stations de métro du célèbre quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés !	Vaste 2 pièces de 77m2 dans le quartier Montparnasse, à seulement 50m du métro ! Il se compose d'une grande entrée, d'un vaste salon/salle à manger et d'une chambre. Très lumineux et ensoleillé, il bénéficie d'une double exposition Sud et Ouest. Appartement atypique, de charme et mansardé. Proche de nombreux commerces et de toutes les commodités. A seulement 5min à pied de la gare Montparnasse et à 3 stations de métro du célèbre quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés ! C'est avec plaisir que je resterai en contact avec vous durant votre séjour si vous avez la moindre question.
12435	The APARTMENT-  As you enter the foyer, you will immediately feel that you have entered a realm of style and relaxation. From the modern art and photos that adorn the walls, to the modern appliances, as well as the fluffly linens and towels, no detail has been overlooked. The open floor plan of the apartment provides a comfortable and upscale setting in which to entertain or unwind after a day in the city. Floor-to-ceiling windows provide a view onto the well manicured garden and fountain.  The bedroom has a sumptuous American style queen-size bed with a heavenly pillow top cover. The apartment has one modern bathroom with shower and ample storage space. -THE AREA-  This apartment represents the pinnacle of elegant Parisian living. Located on the ground floor of a classic Haussmanian building in Paris' glorious 7th arrondissement, this is the perfect apartment for a family or couple who wants to enjoy Paris in style. A modern Parisian apartment,  tastefully decorated by its owner with 	The APARTMENT-  As you enter the foyer, you will immediately feel that you have entered a realm of style and relaxation. From the modern art and photos that adorn the walls, to the modern appliances, as well as the fluffly linens and towels, no detail has been overlooked. The open floor plan of the apartment provides a comfortable and upscale setting in which to entertain or unwind after a day in the city. Floor-to-ceiling windows provide a view onto the well manicured garden and fountain.  The bedroom has a sumptuous American style queen-size bed with a heavenly pillow top cover. The apartment has one modern bathroom with shower and ample storage space. -THE AREA-  This apartment represents the pinnacle of elegant Parisian living. Located on the ground floor of a classic Haussmanian building in Paris' glorious 7th arrondissement, this is the perfect apartment for a family or couple who wants to enjoy Paris in style. A modern Parisian apartment,  tastefully decorated by its owner with 
12436	appartement 56m2 au 5ème étage sans ascenseur  2 chambres (la mienne et celle en location) balcon avec pelouse cuisine équipée	Jolie chambre avec un lit mezzanine (2 places) dans un bel appartement T3 (56m2) lumineux. Cet appartement possède un petit balcon avec pelouse (5ème étage sans ascenseur) Très proche des transports et beaucoup de commerces à proximité appartement 56m2 au 5ème étage sans ascenseur  2 chambres (la mienne et celle en location) balcon avec pelouse cuisine équipée une chambre  la salle de bain  le salon  le balcon la cuisine les WC il y a une boulangerie commerces  superette 1min du métro 8 balard 3min tram3a bus: (phone number hidden) borne de taxi
12437	A nice view (6th floor) on the Eiffel & Montparnasse Towers, the parisian elevated metro and beautiful typical parisian buildings. The apartment is in a modern and clean building (not very charming, but very pratical). A large living room with big and cosy sofa (with a not so cosy guest bed of 110 cm) /tv/dvd/hard disk lecturer. An open kitchen with everything...lave-linge/séchoir & nespresso.Three bedrooms : the 1st room includes a kingsize bed (180 cm), the 2nd one 2 small beds that can be reunited into one 140 cm bed, and the 3rd one is for a baby (bed & many games). The balcony is flowery, cool for an Apéritif in the evening but noisy the rest of day except sunday. A little bathroom. Separated wc	"Spacious & Practical Apartment in the heart of the ""Rive Gauche"". View on the Eiffel & Montparnasse Towers, and the Parisian Elevated Metro. 10 min to Eiffel Tower & Trocadero, Invalides & Avenue de Breteuil, Sèvres-Babylone & le Bon Marché, Quartier Latin & le Panthéon..."
12438	Il est bien placer dans un quartier calme dedans Paris près de Montparnasse. Près de l'école CordonBleu. - Silencieux. Epicerie, Farmacie, Parking (payent) a la rue Vaugirard accessible et très proche. Banques et marchés très proches comme Monoprix et Picard. Marché à la rue -  Convention et Vaugirard 	Studio 30 mètres caré , avec grand lit , cuisine équipe avec micro-onde , salle de bain avec baignoire, grand placard, internet.Refait neuve, 3 eme etage sans ascenseurs. immeuble calme dans un cartier avec tout commerce et facile accès. Il est bien placer dans un quartier calme dedans Paris près de Montparnasse. Près de l'école CordonBleu. - Silencieux. Epicerie, Farmacie, Parking (payent) a la rue Vaugirard accessible et très proche. Banques et marchés très proches comme Monoprix et Picard. Marché à la rue -  Convention et Vaugirard Metro:  Convention  Bus:  80/62/39  N13 /N62 Stop: Convention/Vaugirard L'appartement est dans une rue que fait angle avec la rue Vaugirard où vous pourriez trouver toutes les commerces , comme : Monoprix, BIO, Casino, G20, Simply, Pharmacies, Picard (surgelés), La Poste, Laverie Libre-Service en face, bons restaurants , cafés, d'autres différents commerces comme un marché de rue très charmant. Metro ligne 12 , Station Convention et aussi VELIB et plusieu
12439	A wonderful apartment just steps from the exhibition area of the Porte de Versailles. In a gated community and very quiet. All amenities are at your disposal to ensure you a pleasant stay. Fully equipped kitchen, flat screen TV, wifi. Bathroom with tub. A sofa bed in the lounge can accommodate up to 4 people. This is a very safe area, home to many families. Many restaurants and shops. At walking distance there are supermarkets, bakeries, butcher shops and French restaurants, Italian and Asian. Twice a week ago a typical Parisian market. There are several large parks nearby (André Citroën, Georges Brassens), a water park (Aquaboulevard), and cinemas. The building is located 100 meters from the Centre International Fair of Paris Porte de Versailles Access to the most famous sights of Paris are extremely simple and fast: - Line 12 Metro: Porte de Versailles is 50 meters: Line 12 you take a few minutes to Montparnasse, and Rue de Rennes, shopping area that will take you to the Bon Marché S	Un superbe appartement à deux pas de la zone d'exposition de la porte de Versailles. Dans une résidence sécurisée et très calme. Toutes les commodités sont a votre dispositions pour vous garantir un séjour agréable. Cuisine toute équipée, TV écran plat, wifi. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Un canapé lit dans le salon permet de loger jusqu’à 4 personnes. C'est un quartier très sûr, qui abrite de nombreuses familles. nombreux restaurants et commerces de proximité. A courte distance de marche il y a des supermarchés, boulangeries, boucheries, ainsi que des restaurants français, italiens et asiatiques. Deux fois par semaine il y a un marché typiquement Parisien. Il y a plusieurs grands parcs à proximité (André Citroën, Georges Brassens), un parc aquatique (Aquaboulevard), et les cinémas. Le bâtiment est situé à 100 mètres du Centre International Foire de Paris Porte de Versailles L'accès à la plupart des sites célèbres de Paris sont extrêmement simples et rapides: - Métro Ligne 12: Porte de
12440		Petite chambre claire et calme, dans un appartement au rez-de-chaussée, donnant directement sur le Champ-de-Mars. Lit simple et matelas d'appoint possible. Cuisine équipée, grande salle de douche, petits commerces à proximité.
12441	Notre appartement, au pied du métro Javel,  se trouve dans un immeuble de standing Art Déco. Il est spacieux et lumineux : 90m² comprenant 2 chambres à coucher et 2 salles de bain.  Chambre 1 : lit double Chambre 2 : lit d'appoint + 1 lit bébé Salon : canapé-lit 2 personnes L'appartement est idéal pour les familles avec enfant en bas âge puisque nous disposons de tout le matériel de puériculture nécessaire (lit bébé, baignoire, poussette,..)	Beautiful flat (90m²) with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms in Paris with a balcony in a building Art Déco - Années 30 Perfect for family with a baby. Baby bed and all the material for baby is available.  The subway is 2 minutes walking.          We speak English, spanish and persian. The neighbourhood is lively with many shops, bakeries and restaurants. We can walk along the Seine to the Eiffel Tower (10-15 minutes).  You have also nice parks. You have the metro Station Javel very closed to the flat. You can go in 20 minutes to St Germain des prés,  Notre Dame, Montparnasse. You can also take the RER and be in 30 minutes at the Palace of Versailles.
12442	Bien situé dans quartier agréable avec commerces à proximité. Très bien desservi (bus et métro et RER). 4é sans ascenseur, clair et calme. Appartement indépendant 2 pièces, cuisine, salle d'eau avec douche et WC séparés. Accueil à l'entrée et au départ. Situé dans le quartier Montparnasse, proche de Saint-Germain des Prés, nombreux musées, restaurants, théâtres, cinémas, bars à proximité....et tout Paris rapidement accessible. Transports en bas de l'immeuble (ligne métro 12 a 100m; lignes 4,6,13 à 5mn à pied Stations Montparnasse et Duroc). Equipé pour une personne ou un couple: couchage dans un canapé convertible dans le salon. Draps fournis. Ménage compris. Ancien quartier des peintres. Très dynamique avec des restaurants, des bars, des théâtres et des cinémas. Nombreux commerces. Bus et métros au pied de l'immeuble. 	2 pièces sympa, limite 6é/15é.  Proche de commerces, cinémas, gare Montparnasse... Calme, lumineux et agréable. Bien situé dans quartier agréable avec commerces à proximité. Très bien desservi (bus et métro et RER). 4é sans ascenseur, clair et calme. Appartement indépendant 2 pièces, cuisine, salle d'eau avec douche et WC séparés. Accueil à l'entrée et au départ. Situé dans le quartier Montparnasse, proche de Saint-Germain des Prés, nombreux musées, restaurants, théâtres, cinémas, bars à proximité....et tout Paris rapidement accessible. Transports en bas de l'immeuble (ligne métro 12 a 100m; lignes 4,6,13 à 5mn à pied Stations Montparnasse et Duroc). Equipé pour une personne ou un couple: couchage dans un canapé convertible dans le salon. Draps fournis. Ménage compris. Ancien quartier des peintres. Très dynamique avec des restaurants, des bars, des théâtres et des cinémas. Nombreux commerces. Bus et métros au pied de l'immeuble. 
12443	Superbe studio au coeur de montparnassse, à deux pas du celebre quartier saint germain des près, cet appartement est parfait pour visiter Paris. Vous sejournerez dans 30 m 2 , joliement decore avec un grand lit, tres confortable, un coin salon avec cuisine americaine et un balcon donnant sur jardin .  Beautiful studio in the heart of Paris, in Montparnasse . Very close of the famous area of saint germain des pres. You will appreciate the confortable queen size bed, the sofa for watching TV ,the american kitchen the balcony with garden view. 	Superbe studio au coeur de montparnassse, à deux pas du celebre quartier saint germain des près, cet appartement est parfait pour visiter Paris. Vous sejournerez dans 30 m 2 , joliement decore avec un grand lit, tres confortable, un coin salon avec cuisine americaine et un balcon donnant sur jardin .  Beautiful studio in the heart of Paris, in Montparnasse . Very close of the famous area of saint germain des pres. You will appreciate the confortable queen size bed, the sofa for watching TV ,the american kitchen the balcony with garden view.  Au pied des transports metro montparnasse (lignes 4 6 12 13 ) nombreux bus et gare montparnasse a proximite Je me tiens a votre disposition pour tout renseignement . Quartier tres anime , cafes restaurants magasins cinemas Metro montparnasse bienvenue (ligne 4 6 12 13 ) duroc ligne 10 
12444	"What if you enjoy Paris in a charming 1 Bedroom apt, ""Parisian & Vintage "" spirit... Located in the lively 7th arrondissement, just 5 min walk from the Eiffel Tower & 1 minute away from the pedestrian rue Cler, you'll love calm, cosy and safety. Just 3 minutes walk from the Eiffel tower, located in the 7th arrondissement, just 1 minute away from the amazing pedestrian ""rue Cler"" famous for its groceries, bakeries, and terrasses, the quartier is loaded with great restaurants. Everoby knows there's plenty of things to see in Paris ... but you'll love enjoy the neighborhood. The apt is a 1Bedroom sleeping (2+1) adults, 2 in a Queen size bed in the bedroom, and 1 in a very confortable convertible sofa in the living,  The spacious bathroom has a bathtub. Restrooms are separated. Located off the street and on the first floor on a courtyard, absolute calm and safety guaranteed ! It includes all furnishings, fresh towels and linen, cable TV with international channels, internet with WIFI, wash"	"What if you enjoy Paris in a charming 1 Bedroom apt, ""Parisian & Vintage "" spirit... Just 5 min walk from the Eiffel Tower & few steps from the pedestrian rue Cler and its restaurants & bars, let's discover this village in the 7th district. What if you enjoy Paris in a charming 1 Bedroom apt, ""Parisian & Vintage "" spirit... Located in the lively 7th arrondissement, just 5 min walk from the Eiffel Tower & 1 minute away from the pedestrian rue Cler, you'll love calm, cosy and safety. Just 3 minutes walk from the Eiffel tower, located in the 7th arrondissement, just 1 minute away from the amazing pedestrian ""rue Cler"" famous for its groceries, bakeries, and terrasses, the quartier is loaded with great restaurants. Everoby knows there's plenty of things to see in Paris ... but you'll love enjoy the neighborhood. The apt is a 1Bedroom sleeping (2+1) adults, 2 in a Queen size bed in the bedroom, and 1 in a very confortable convertible sofa in the living,  The spacious bathroom has a bathtub."
12445	N'hésitez plus, Eiffel est l'appartement qu'il vous faut pour un séjour parisien, en famille entre amis ou d'affaires, réussi. Cet appartement de 3 pièces avec 2 chambres, l'un double et l'autre avec un canapé lit confortable pour deux personnes et un espace bureau, comblera tous vos besoins! La cuisine est entièrement équipée et l'espace dînatoire dans le salon vous permettra de vivre comme à la maison! La pièce à vivre est spacieuse et lumineuse et, petit plus, a une vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Enfin, une belle salle de bain et des toilettes séparés viennent compléter ce bel appartement!	Posez vos valises et partez à l'assaut de Paris en toute tranquillité grâce à ce bel appartement de 3 pièces sur 56 m2, dont deux chambres, situé dans le quartier le plus desservie en transports de la capitale. N'hésitez plus, Eiffel est l'appartement qu'il vous faut pour un séjour parisien, en famille entre amis ou d'affaires, réussi. Cet appartement de 3 pièces avec 2 chambres, l'un double et l'autre avec un canapé lit confortable pour deux personnes et un espace bureau, comblera tous vos besoins! La cuisine est entièrement équipée et l'espace dînatoire dans le salon vous permettra de vivre comme à la maison! La pièce à vivre est spacieuse et lumineuse et, petit plus, a une vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Enfin, une belle salle de bain et des toilettes séparés viennent compléter ce bel appartement! La quartier de Vaugirard/Montparnasse est vivant et comporte de nombreux restaurants, cafés et boutiques. Vous aurez aussi accès à des théâtres et des musées! A proximité des métros Falguière, Dur
12446	Our apartment offers comfort and convenience  plus views of the city from every room.   Our 75m2 apartment is situated on the 4th floor of a small Haussmannian building with elevator featuring a full wrap-around balcony overlooking Montparnasse.  Totally sans vis-à-vis, you can enjoy unobstructed views of the city.   The double séjour features a dining table (can seat up to 8) and buffet; comfortable leather convertible sofa (140 cm bed, sleeps 2), fireplace, TV (French channels plus British satellite), Wifi, phone (free unlimited long-distance), and two doors opening to the balcony (table for two outside). Master bedroom includes 160 cm bed, computer desk, walk-in closet, fireplace, two doors opening to balcony, and chevron floors. Children's room has bunkbeds (additional trundle bed or portable crib available upon request), closet, toys, books, and fireplace.   Kitchen fully equipped with fridge/freezer, induction cooktop, oven, dishwasher, microwave, dining service for 12, and cooki	Our bright and cozy apartment with balcony in the heart of Montparnasse and steps from Saint Germain-des-Près is ready to be your home-away-from-home in Paris.  Perfect location to tour the City of Light by metro, bus, bike, or foot--with kids!   Our apartment offers comfort and convenience  plus views of the city from every room.   Our 75m2 apartment is situated on the 4th floor of a small Haussmannian building with elevator featuring a full wrap-around balcony overlooking Montparnasse.  Totally sans vis-à-vis, you can enjoy unobstructed views of the city.   The double séjour features a dining table (can seat up to 8) and buffet; comfortable leather convertible sofa (140 cm bed, sleeps 2), fireplace, TV (French channels plus British satellite), Wifi, phone (free unlimited long-distance), and two doors opening to the balcony (table for two outside). Master bedroom includes 160 cm bed, computer desk, walk-in closet, fireplace, two doors opening to balcony, and chevron floors. Children's
12447	Standing In the 9th floor of a modern building of great standing. The access is secured with two gates. The Paris apartment has an elevator with a released sight from where you will be able to see the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has bay windows offering a great view. The apartment is bright and quiet. Layout Apartment to rent in Paris of 100 m2 composed of two bedrooms and large living / dining room. The main room has been refurnished in 2015 with contemporary pieces : comfortable couches (one of them is a sofa bed with a double mattress), seats, a flat TV and a dining table for six people. The apartment features two separate bedrooms, the master bedroom has a double bed and closets, the second bedroom features two single beds 90x190 and a large closet. Note that the single beds cannot be brought closer to form a double bed. The bathroom has a bath-tub, a washbasin and a toilet. There is also a separate toilet in the apartment (with a washbasin). The kitchen area is pleasant, spacious 	This beautiful 2-bedroom apartment will be perfect for a family, it has contemporary features, it is luminous, and spacious, comfortable, and very well located two steps away from the Eiffel Tower. Standing In the 9th floor of a modern building of great standing. The access is secured with two gates. The Paris apartment has an elevator with a released sight from where you will be able to see the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has bay windows offering a great view. The apartment is bright and quiet. Layout Apartment to rent in Paris of 100 m2 composed of two bedrooms and large living / dining room. The main room has been refurnished in 2015 with contemporary pieces : comfortable couches (one of them is a sofa bed with a double mattress), seats, a flat TV and a dining table for six people. The apartment features two separate bedrooms, the master bedroom has a double bed and closets, the second bedroom features two single beds 90x190 and a large closet. Note that the single beds cannot be br
12448	SPECIAL OFFER ONE MONTH 1800€  SPECIAL OFFER ONE WEEK 550€ 15th  arrondissement, studio Place Saint Charles Your perfectly furnished studio is 24sqm + 6 sqm of terrace. It is located on the Place Saint Charles, in the 15th arrondissement, near the Eiffel Tower. On the 7th floor (with elevator!), you can enjoy the 6 sqm terrace and an amazing view on the Eiffel Tower ! There are a table and 2 chairs on the terrace. The studio is completely new and fully equipped. It welcomes up to 2 persons (and possibly a child). The main room has wooden floor throughout. The living part is furnished with a pull out convertible couch (for the child), a bar dining table with two chairs, a coffee table with 4 seats On the other side a double bed, a flat screen television and free cable TV with some international channels, a high speed internet access (Wi-Fi or cable), free local telephone usage plus FREE calls to a lot of countries, a DVD player and Hifi System and two closets are available for your belo	SPECIAL OFFER ONE MONTH 1800€  SPECIAL OFFER ONE WEEK 550€ 15th  arrondissement, studio Place Saint Charles Your perfectly furnished studio is 24sqm + 6 sqm of terrace. It is located on the Place Saint Charles, in the 15th arrondissement, near the Eiffel Tower. On the 7th floor (with elevator!), you can enjoy the 6 sqm terrace and an amazing view on the Eiffel Tower ! There are a table and 2 chairs on the terrace. The studio is completely new and fully equipped. It welcomes up to 2 persons (and possibly a child). The main room has wooden floor throughout. The living part is furnished with a pull out convertible couch (for the child), a bar dining table with two chairs, a coffee table with 4 seats On the other side a double bed, a flat screen television and free cable TV with some international channels, a high speed internet access (Wi-Fi or cable), free local telephone usage plus FREE calls to a lot of countries, a DVD player and Hifi System and two closets are available for your belo
12449		Refait à neuf, calme, clair, en rez de jardin,à côté de la gare , dans un bel immeuble sécurisé, Monoprix est côté, Picard en face. Douche, WC broyeur,évier,frigidaire,micro-ondes,cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire, un lit de 140, rangements ,WIFI.
12450	Great LOCATION, even greater apartment!  We are located on the LEFT BANK closest to the 7th arrondissement (neighborhood), within walking distance and very convenient public transportation to many of Paris’ iconic landmarks. Our apartment is our home.  This contemporary apartment is in a new building.  It is a lovely and  artful, comfortable, clean apartment, in a very quiet and safe neighborhood offset from the main street.    You can enjoy a croissant for breakfast or glass of wine on our balcony overlooking a garden. Our apt. furnishing is eclectic reflecting the well traveled expat lifestyle.  We like to think it has an artistic flare with a feeling of home. Our home sleep up to 6 people comfortably.  We offer 2 bedrooms with new queen beds with very comfortable mattresses, as well as an orthopedic sofa bed in the living room.     Our neighborhood has EVERYTHING (Boulangeries, butcher, fish market, grocery stores, Chocolaterie, Cheese shop, Wine and Liquor, Post Offices)  within a 	Central location - Spend holiday in our lovely Paris flat near most sights, many shops & cafes.  2 comfortable queen beds, 1 room is ensuite w/private bathroom. 1 sofa bed. Convenient to all attractions in 5th, 6th & 7th arrondissements.  Sleeps 4. Great LOCATION, even greater apartment!  We are located on the LEFT BANK closest to the 7th arrondissement (neighborhood), within walking distance and very convenient public transportation to many of Paris’ iconic landmarks. Our apartment is our home.  This contemporary apartment is in a new building.  It is a lovely and  artful, comfortable, clean apartment, in a very quiet and safe neighborhood offset from the main street.    You can enjoy a croissant for breakfast or glass of wine on our balcony overlooking a garden. Our apt. furnishing is eclectic reflecting the well traveled expat lifestyle.  We like to think it has an artistic flare with a feeling of home. Our home sleep up to 6 people comfortably.  We offer 2 bedrooms with new queen b
12451		Métro :  Pasteur (L6, L12), Falguière (L12) 3 min à pied.  Duroc (L10,L13) 5 min à pied. Montparnasse (L4, L6, L12, L13, SNCF) 10 min à pied. Bus : 39, 70, 89 a 3 min à pied. 
12452	This very charming apartment 40 m2 (450 sqf)  is located on edge of the 7th and the 15th arrondissements, in a high standing building of the Avenue de Suffren few steps away from Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower. This is one of the safest Parisian areas and very required by most of residents in Paris. There are numerous shops and stores, restaurants and supermarkets not far away from Clerc and Saint Dominique streets	This very charming apartment 40 m2 (450 sqf)  is located on edge of the 7th and the 15th arrondissements, in a high standing building of the Avenue de Suffren few steps away from Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower.  This very charming apartment 40 m2 (450 sqf)  is located on edge of the 7th and the 15th arrondissements, in a high standing building of the Avenue de Suffren few steps away from Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower. This is one of the safest Parisian areas and very required by most of residents in Paris. There are numerous shops and stores, restaurants and supermarkets not far away from Clerc and Saint Dominique streets The living room offers a large view on a large private garden with plantings   Its ground floor location permits you to enjoy the sunny , quiet, secure green space through the large windows and permits easy access with suitcases and the inevitable shopping bags you will so easily acquire  The living room has a convertible sofa, and a dining area in the open kichen.
12453	"Pour un séjour exceptionnel au coeur de Paris entre la Seine et le jardin. Situé sur deux niveaux : Entrée privée et cuisine dans le poste de pilotage, chambre avec un vrai lit 140X200, salle de bains et wc privés dans l'ancien habitat des mariniers avec boiserie d'origine en acajou. Tout confort, sur une péniche de 1931 classée ""Bateau d'intérêt patrimonial"" amarrée Port de Suffren (quai classé au patrimoine mondial UNESCO), quai piéton avec jardin fleuri calme et sécurisé, vue exceptionnelle (Seine, Tour Eiffel, Pont de Bir Hakeim, Paris). Equipement complet : vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaques de cuisson, bouilloire.  Livres et guides touristiques à disposition. Linge de lit et de toilette. Parking privé et gratuit devant le bateau Vélos bien venus Situé à 100 m des stations de metro Bir-Hakeim (ligne 6) et Champs de Mars (RER ligne C) et des bateaux bus ou promenade,  à 300 m de la Tour Eiffel,  du bus 72 qui longe la Seine (direct Concorde, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame),"	"Studio indépendant de 20 m2 sur bateau quai piéton classé Pour un séjour exceptionnel au coeur de Paris entre la Seine et le jardin. Situé sur deux niveaux : Entrée privée et cuisine dans le poste de pilotage, chambre avec un vrai lit 140X200, salle de bains et wc privés dans l'ancien habitat des mariniers avec boiserie d'origine en acajou. Tout confort, sur une péniche de 1931 classée ""Bateau d'intérêt patrimonial"" amarrée Port de Suffren (quai classé au patrimoine mondial UNESCO), quai piéton avec jardin fleuri calme et sécurisé, vue exceptionnelle (Seine, Tour Eiffel, Pont de Bir Hakeim, Paris). Equipement complet : vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaques de cuisson, bouilloire.  Livres et guides touristiques à disposition. Linge de lit et de toilette. Parking privé et gratuit devant le bateau Vélos bien venus Situé à 100 m des stations de metro Bir-Hakeim (ligne 6) et Champs de Mars (RER ligne C) et des bateaux bus ou promenade,  à 300 m de la Tour Eiffel,  du bus 72 qui lon"
12454		A Nice duplex (60 sm) in the 6th foor. Very central :near saint germain / Montparnasse On the top 1 room with bed for two people and baby bed / 1 bathroom On the 1st floor: 1 living room with large sofa for 2 people. 1 kitchen + A terrace of 40 sm.
12455	Appartement d'angle, au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, dans un bel immeuble en pierre de taille Une chambre parentale avec lit 140x200 et sa salle de douche Une chambre avec lit simple transformable en double 2x80x200 Une chambre avec lits superposés 90x190 Une chambre avec lit enfant 80x160 Une salle de bain avec baignoire, lave-linge et sèche-linge à disposition Une grande cuisine entièrement équipée (dont micro-onde, nespresso...) avec une table pour 8 personnes Un grand salon double canapé avec TV, bibliothèque et piano Placards et penderies disponibles dans toutes les chambres	Bel appartement avec 4 chambres, 2 salles de bains, 2 toilettes séparés, un salon et une grande cuisine dinatoire Dans une rue très calme et un quartier très commerçant, idéalement situé à 200m du Champs de Mars / Tour Eiffel et 50m du métro Appartement d'angle, au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, dans un bel immeuble en pierre de taille Une chambre parentale avec lit 140x200 et sa salle de douche Une chambre avec lit simple transformable en double 2x80x200 Une chambre avec lits superposés 90x190 Une chambre avec lit enfant 80x160 Une salle de bain avec baignoire, lave-linge et sèche-linge à disposition Une grande cuisine entièrement équipée (dont micro-onde, nespresso...) avec une table pour 8 personnes Un grand salon double canapé avec TV, bibliothèque et piano Placards et penderies disponibles dans toutes les chambres Tout l'équipement de l'appartement, Internet et TV Un accueil assuré à tous les voyageurs et la présence d'un gardien dans l'immeuble pendant tout le séjour Quartier idéal p
12456		    Nice room (12m2) with balcony (3m2) overlooking the Eiffel Tower. Very bright. 7th floor, elevator. Metro, bicycles 20 m. Kitchenette, sofa bed for 2 p, shower, toilet facing the room (key).     -Internet (public network not always optimal ) - optional: sheets and dish towels (20 €) - Close Velib station
12457	Situated in 15ème arrondissement de Paris, my  little bijou is a DESIGNER two bedroom  fully renoved with a king size bed, a great shower and very intimate feeling. You won't wanna leave this place! But you'd better take a look around and enjoy the location: 3 minutes from Subway Pasteur, 6 direct stations to the Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes from gare Montparnasse and the Montparnasse area, 3 stations from very fancy area Saint Germain des Pres ... to only list a few spots around! 2 minutes away from grocery store, next door to a upscale, amazing and delightful French Boulangerie (Des Gâteaux et du Pain by Claire Damon), also next door to a very parisian coffee with a great terrasse...  Brick Wall, Washing Machine, toaster, oven, microwave, dishwasher, American  fridge with two type of ice for your convenience. NO SMOKING	Situated in 15ème arrondissement de Paris, my  little bijou is a two bedroom  fully renoved with a king size bed, a great shower and very intimate feeling. You won't wanna leave this place! But you'd better take a look around and enjoy the location:  Situated in 15ème arrondissement de Paris, my  little bijou is a DESIGNER two bedroom  fully renoved with a king size bed, a great shower and very intimate feeling. You won't wanna leave this place! But you'd better take a look around and enjoy the location: 3 minutes from Subway Pasteur, 6 direct stations to the Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes from gare Montparnasse and the Montparnasse area, 3 stations from very fancy area Saint Germain des Pres ... to only list a few spots around! 2 minutes away from grocery store, next door to a upscale, amazing and delightful French Boulangerie (Des Gâteaux et du Pain by Claire Damon), also next door to a very parisian coffee with a great terrasse...  Brick Wall, Washing Machine, toaster, oven, microwave, dis
12458	Studio for two peoples on the ground-floor Calm, lovely vegetal courtyard. One living-room. Functional kitchen, many storage furnitures, two hot plates, coffee machine, washing machine, many kitchenwares, refrigerator, kettle, mixer. Clean bathroom, shower/bath, toilet, washbasin, all in white stone-floor. Spacious living-room, 1 sofa bed for two, good speakers, video-projector. One street window, one french window all window glazing. Contemporary style, young, white wall, parquet floor. I also have Wifi.  -Clean towels -Clean sheets -Many condiments Close to the Eiffel Tower. Metro is 2 minutes away, district is friendly and animated. many stores, 3 bakeries, one supermarket, many groceries open in the middle of the night, many restaurants. Next to the Invalides, Lecourbe street, Rennes street well-know for many shop and stores (FNAC, H&M, Zara...) Theres a 15 minutes walk to the Luxembourg Garden. Station Pasteur 12 - 6 Bus (phone number hidden) 	Studio for two peoples on the ground-floor Calm, lovely vegetal courtyard. One living-room. Functional kitchen, many storage furnitures, two hot plates, coffee machine, washing machine, many kitchenwares, refrigerator, kettle, mixer. Clean bathroom, shower/bath, toilet, washbasin, all in white stone-floor. Spacious living-room, 1 sofa bed for two, good speakers, video-projector. One street window, one french window all window glazing. Contemporary style, young, white wall, parquet floor. I also have Wifi.  -Clean towels -Clean sheets -Many condiments Close to the Eiffel Tower. Metro is 2 minutes away, district is friendly and animated. many stores, 3 bakeries, one supermarket, many groceries open in the middle of the night, many restaurants. Next to the Invalides, Lecourbe street, Rennes street well-know for many shop and stores (FNAC, H&M, Zara...) Theres a 15 minutes walk to the Luxembourg Garden. Station Pasteur 12 - 6 Bus (phone number hidden) 
12459	Centrally-located in Paris this apartment is the perfect spot for your vacation: close to the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Ecole Militaire (7 min walk), Montparnasse (10 min subway or 15 min walk) and finally Champs Elysées (15 min subway). Bright and lovely apartment suitable for 4 tenants.  One  bright main room with double bed, sofa (convertis into another double bed), bathroom (hair dryer), toilet , TV and Wifi. Kitchen with dishes, oven, fridge, toaster and washing machine.	Lovely apartment at La Motte-Picquet-Grenelle a lively neighbourhood centrally-located in Paris. Bright and cosy apartment, close to the Champs de Mars (5 min walk) and the Eiffel Tower (10 min walk). Centrally-located in Paris this apartment is the perfect spot for your vacation: close to the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Ecole Militaire (7 min walk), Montparnasse (10 min subway or 15 min walk) and finally Champs Elysées (15 min subway). Bright and lovely apartment suitable for 4 tenants.  One  bright main room with double bed, sofa (convertis into another double bed), bathroom (hair dryer), toilet , TV and Wifi. Kitchen with dishes, oven, fridge, toaster and washing machine. Full access If anything needed, it will be a pleasure to help :) Lively, beautiful and lovely area with many interesting places nearby to visit. This is the 15th district in Paris, a very lovely neighbourhood where people can walk alone at night safely with no one bothering. To enjoy pic-nics many squares and par
12460		    Luxury 1 bedroom furnished apartment in the heart of Paris. 50 sqm + 10sqm balcony,  elevator. Ideal for 2 people.  Bedroom, living-dining room, bathroom and separate toilet. 1 month minimum Available : July-August 2015            
12461	One bedroom to rent in a cosy apartment of 55m², 200 meters close to Montparnasse rail station: Depending on how many you are you will rent the single bed room or the 2 beds room as mentioned below :  Details of the flat :  2 bedrooms 1 living room 1 kitchen, fully equiped 1 bathroom The apartment is on the 5th floor and overlooks a quiet garden. *  First bedroom: 1 double bed 1 wardrobe 1 chest of drawers 1 desk *  Second bedroom: 1 double bed 1 single bed 1 wardrobe   Facilities :  200m close to Montparnasse tower, one of the main junction of public transports in Paris Metro : N° 12/13/4/6 Line 10 is also close (stations Duroc or Ségur). Bus: (phone number hidden)... Noctiliens (night bus) N01 / N02 3 vélib' stations in our street Taxi station: 200 meters. Montparnasse train station: 200 meters. Shopping : Rue de Rennes (Many shops, retailers, Fnac, Bon marché with all its luxury brands etc.) - 500 meters Galeries Lafayette - 200 meters In the street: restaurants (creperie, japanese,	One bedroom to rent in a cosy apartment of 55m², 200 meters close to Montparnasse rail station: Depending on how many you are you will rent the single bed room or the 2 beds room as mentioned below :  Details of the flat :  2 bedrooms 1 living room 1 kitchen, fully equiped 1 bathroom The apartment is on the 5th floor and overlooks a quiet garden. *  First bedroom: 1 double bed 1 wardrobe 1 chest of drawers 1 desk *  Second bedroom: 1 double bed 1 single bed 1 wardrobe   Facilities :  200m close to Montparnasse tower, one of the main junction of public transports in Paris Metro : N° 12/13/4/6 Line 10 is also close (stations Duroc or Ségur). Bus: (phone number hidden)... Noctiliens (night bus) N01 / N02 3 vélib' stations in our street Taxi station: 200 meters. Montparnasse train station: 200 meters. Shopping : Rue de Rennes (Many shops, retailers, Fnac, Bon marché with all its luxury brands etc.) - 500 meters Galeries Lafayette - 200 meters In the street: restaurants (creperie, japanese,
12462		Located in the heart of Paris, my apartment is lovely very confortable to have a perfect stay !  Many shops and restaurants around!  Located in the 5th district close to the metro ( 15mns to Louvre, Notre Dame) - Internet and TV
12463	This flat at the second floor of a very good looking 5 storeys-building is very close to Montparnasse Station, only 5 minutes walk to the rue de Rennes a hudge commercial area which leads to St- germain des Prés. And you are only 15 minutes walk  from les Invalides and from there 5 minutes from les Champs Elysées; at Montparnasse-Bienvenu station you can find many buses to visit Paris. Of course with the metro you join les Champs Elysée in 5 minutes and la Concorde in 10 minutes. In that cosy flat you have TV câblée, Internet, a fully furnished kitchen with a kettle, an oven, a micro wave and a washing machine ; a large living with futon, and 2 bedrooms which one is for single, the other have a kingsize bed. Sheets and towels are provided. There are also 2 bathrooms  and 2 toilets. The appartment has 2 balconies , one on the street and the other on the garden. At Montparnasse you have the buses direct to Orly or Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle. 	This flat at the second floor of a very good looking 5 storeys-building is very close to Montparnasse Station, only 5 minutes walk to the rue de Rennes a hudge commercial area which leads to St- germain des Prés. And you are only 15 minutes walk  from les Invalides and from there 5 minutes from les Champs Elysées; at Montparnasse-Bienvenu station you can find many buses to visit Paris. Of course with the metro you join les Champs Elysée in 5 minutes and la Concorde in 10 minutes. In that cosy flat you have TV câblée, Internet, a fully furnished kitchen with a kettle, an oven, a micro wave and a washing machine ; a large living with futon, and 2 bedrooms which one is for single, the other have a kingsize bed. Sheets and towels are provided. There are also 2 bathrooms  and 2 toilets. The appartment has 2 balconies , one on the street and the other on the garden. At Montparnasse you have the buses direct to Orly or Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle. 
12464	Located at the foot of the Montparnasse tower and near Rue de Rennes, major commercial thoroughfare of Paris. Its geographical location will allow you to enjoy every pleasure offered by the left bank of the Seine such as ballad in Luxembourg Garden or restaurants in Saint Germain des Près neighborhood. It’s a lively neighborhood where you can found many proximity stores (bakery, supermarket, butchery) but also place of respite such as cinema, gardens, restaurants and bars.	The flat is located at the foot of the Montparnasse tower and near Rue de Rennes, which is a major commercial thoroughfare of Paris. Its geographical location will allow you to enjoy every pleasure offered by t Located at the foot of the Montparnasse tower and near Rue de Rennes, major commercial thoroughfare of Paris. Its geographical location will allow you to enjoy every pleasure offered by the left bank of the Seine such as ballad in Luxembourg Garden or restaurants in Saint Germain des Près neighborhood. It’s a lively neighborhood where you can found many proximity stores (bakery, supermarket, butchery) but also place of respite such as cinema, gardens, restaurants and bars. The apartment is at the second floor of a typical Parisian building. This two-room flat of 38m2 consist of one bedroom with a queen-size bed, a living room with a pull-out sofa bed, a shower room with separated toilet and a fully equipped kitchen. Our reception team will checkin you at the apartment and will a
12465		Beautiful studio, 5 minutes walk Eiffel Tower, one bedroom in Paris-15th. Shops typically Parisian neighborhood. Market 100m. 500m Beaugrenelle mall. 200m from the Rue du Commerce and Motte Picquet
12466	Our home for two years in Paris, it's a quiet appartment within walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, in a nice area in south-west Paris. It's served by three metro lines (6, 8 and 10) and ideal for business trips, a family holiday or a romantic getaway. We don't have a direct view of the Eiffel Tower itself, but in exchange the windows overlook a private court and a garden (a rarity in Paris!) which guarantees a good night's sleep and some relax at the end of the day. The flat is around 40m2, very calm, can welcome 4 people (a double bed + a sofa bed: bed linens and towels included). Kitchen well furnished (oven, fridge and freezer), Living room with free internet wifi. All our friends and family have loved it here; we hope you will too!	Our Paris apartment is tucked away in a private courtyard, full of Parisian charm, and 10 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower!  You'll be in the middle of a traditional French neighborhood and well connected to everywhere in Paris. Our home for two years in Paris, it's a quiet appartment within walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, in a nice area in south-west Paris. It's served by three metro lines (6, 8 and 10) and ideal for business trips, a family holiday or a romantic getaway. We don't have a direct view of the Eiffel Tower itself, but in exchange the windows overlook a private court and a garden (a rarity in Paris!) which guarantees a good night's sleep and some relax at the end of the day. The flat is around 40m2, very calm, can welcome 4 people (a double bed + a sofa bed: bed linens and towels included). Kitchen well furnished (oven, fridge and freezer), Living room with free internet wifi. All our friends and family have loved it here; we hope you will too!
12467	Proche de Beaugrenelle, Montparnasse et de la tour Effeil. Beaucoup de commerces au pied de l'immeuble. Immeuble ancien rénové. L'appartement se trouve au premier étage avec ascenseur. Il est propre et très chaleureux avec des moulures et du parquet.  Un canapé lit est disponible dans le salon (cependant, ce dernier n'est pas très confortable). Les draps seront fournis ainsi que des serviettes de toilettes.  (Possibilité pour une famille de laisser la poussette dans le hall de l'immeuble.)	Beau deux pièces en plein cœur de Paris. L'appartement dispose d'une chambre calme, sur cour.Salon, cuisine, salle de bain, toilettes. L'appartement est chaleureux et typique avec des moulures et du parquet.  Beaucoup de commerces aux alentours et bien desservie par les transports. L'appartement se trouve à 5 minutes de Montparnasse! Proche de Beaugrenelle, Montparnasse et de la tour Effeil. Beaucoup de commerces au pied de l'immeuble. Immeuble ancien rénové. L'appartement se trouve au premier étage avec ascenseur. Il est propre et très chaleureux avec des moulures et du parquet.  Un canapé lit est disponible dans le salon (cependant, ce dernier n'est pas très confortable). Les draps seront fournis ainsi que des serviettes de toilettes.  (Possibilité pour une famille de laisser la poussette dans le hall de l'immeuble.) Les voyageurs auront accès au logement entier (à l'exception d'un placard!) : une chambre, un salon - salle à manger, une salle de douche, une cuisine et des toilettes. 
12468		Studio situé à Porte de Versailles dans le coeur du 15e arrondissent à 2 pas de Convention.Equipements: wifi, cuisine équipée (four, four à micro-onde, cafetière...)De nombreuses activités à faire car situé à la limite du 16e: Parc André-Citroën...
12469		Décoration de qualite et fonctionnel Véritable pied à terre proche de toutes les commodités : Magasin alimentaires ouvert jusqu'à 1 h du matin , metro 400m bus Gare Montparnasse
12470	I rent my little parisian studio during some days or weeks all the time. The studio is located on the 3th floor with elevator, it is bright, clean and well maintained. It has a bathroom, equipped kitchen. Nearest public transport including 3 metros lines (6, 8, 10) which is at 10 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower and near another most important monuments of the City of Light as Musée d'Orsay, Musée Rodin, Invalides, Concorde, Grand Palais among others. Lively neighborhood, surrounded by shops, markets, restaurants. Ideal location for a young couple without children or single, preferably no pets. If you are interested, please, contact me!	Hello, I plan to rent my little studio some weeks during Christmas Ever. If you are interested to enjoy Paris during these days, please feel free to contact me in order that we can study a proposition.  Keep in touch, Marilane I rent my little parisian studio during some days or weeks all the time. The studio is located on the 3th floor with elevator, it is bright, clean and well maintained. It has a bathroom, equipped kitchen. Nearest public transport including 3 metros lines (6, 8, 10) which is at 10 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower and near another most important monuments of the City of Light as Musée d'Orsay, Musée Rodin, Invalides, Concorde, Grand Palais among others. Lively neighborhood, surrounded by shops, markets, restaurants. Ideal location for a young couple without children or single, preferably no pets. If you are interested, please, contact me! All the studio is only for you during your stay in my home It will be a pleasure help you with some informations about the city if
12471	Room 2 offers a large space and is a very welcoming place for diner or such. Bathroom and toilets dont have any lock.	"Very close from ""porte de Versailles"" and its famous fairs, this bright appartment in the 15th district is located at 200 meters from metro line 8 and from the tram T3, it allows you to easely and quickly reach the greatest places of the capital. Room 2 offers a large space and is a very welcoming place for diner or such. Bathroom and toilets dont have any lock. You'll have access to : - Room 1 - Room 2 - Toilets - Bathroom - Kitchen A phone number of someone living close by will be given to you. Available for any problems. 15th district is a calm and cosy one, full of nice pubs and restaurant. You are 15 mn away from Paris Center. The appartment is also just aside from ""Porte de Versailles"", where a lot of famous fairs occurs. It can proove very handy for professionnals participating in one of those fairs. Several cars and bikes parks surround the place, you are 200 m away from metro line 8 and Tram T3."
12472	Bright and calm apartment, very functional. On the 1st floor of a 2 floors only building in a one way street. Possibility to host 6 people! (1 bed and 1 sofa in a room, 1 sofa in the other room)	"Bright apartment, 2 rooms (30m²) with view on a private courtyard, just 10min walk from Eiffel Tower, in a quiet/familial neighborhood. Lot of restaurant/boulangerie/fromagerie close by. And two main metro lignes to access all Paris areas (8 and 10) Bright and calm apartment, very functional. On the 1st floor of a 2 floors only building in a one way street. Possibility to host 6 people! (1 bed and 1 sofa in a room, 1 sofa in the other room) The guests will have access to the whole apartment. There are a washing machine, induction fire (3 fires), iron, 40"" TV, Wifi high speed, home cinema with bluetooth (play with your phone/youtube) Eiffel tower : 3 min metro or 10 min walk Invalides : 5min metro Montparnasse : 10min metro Champs Elysees : 15min metro Louvre : 15min metro Notre Dame: 15min metro Sacré Coeur : 30 min metro Very close to 2 main metro lines:  > Line 8 - Commerce (1min walk) > Line 10 - Emile Zola (4min walk) With these two lines you can easily access all the areas of Pari"
12473	Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 1st floor (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor)  Elevator: Yes Subway: Tour Eiffel (RER station) or Bir-Hakeim (metro) Surface area: 333 sq.ft. / 31m2 Very convenient location for tourism but also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipments & services in the apartment will be appreciated.  LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Station is BIR-HAKEIM (line 6) or RER station EIFFEL TOWER. PROPERTY  Apt fully renovated in 2010. - A bedroom with a Queen Size Bed + A comfortable sofa bed in the liv	A nice & comfy Parisian apartment close to the Eiffel Tower. Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 1st floor (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor)  Elevator: Yes Subway: Tour Eiffel (RER station) or Bir-Hakeim (metro) Surface area: 333 sq.ft. / 31m2 Very convenient location for tourism but also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipments & services in the apartment will be appreciated.  LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Station is BIR-HAKEIM (line 6) or RER station EIFFEL TOWER. PROPERTY  Apt fully renovated in 2010. - A bedr
12474	Charming furnished one bedroom near Eiffel Tower. this quiet 30m2 self-catering apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchen, microwave, fridge, cafetiere etc.) with a breakfast bar, bathroom (hairdryer, linen and clean towels provided ). There is a lift in the residence.  Apartment description :  - Living room (TV, internet access,)  - Equipped kitchen ( microwave, hotplates induction)  - Bathroom (shower, toilets, washing machine)  - Two double sofa bed, storage cupboard. Area description :  - Closer subways stations :  + 100 meters far from La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lines 6,8, and 10)  + 100 meters far from Ecole Militaire + 300 meters far from UNESCO  - Closer touristic areas :  + 200 meters far from rue du Commerce + 200 meters far from Champ de Mars. + 400 meters far from Eiffel Tower  + 500 meters far from Trocadero  - Utilities :  + 100 meters far from supermarket  + 200 meters far from shopping district (tabac, bread and pastry shop, butcher's shop with delic	Charming furnished one bedroom near Eiffel Tower. this quiet 30m2 self-catering apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchen, microwave, fridge, cafetiere etc.) with a breakfast bar, bathroom (hairdryer, linen and clean towels provided ). There is a lift in the residence.  Apartment description :  - Living room (TV, internet access,)  - Equipped kitchen ( microwave, hotplates induction)  - Bathroom (shower, toilets, washing machine)  - Two double sofa bed, storage cupboard. Area description :  - Closer subways stations :  + 100 meters far from La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lines 6,8, and 10)  + 100 meters far from Ecole Militaire + 300 meters far from UNESCO  - Closer touristic areas :  + 200 meters far from rue du Commerce + 200 meters far from Champ de Mars. + 400 meters far from Eiffel Tower  + 500 meters far from Trocadero  - Utilities :  + 100 meters far from supermarket  + 200 meters far from shopping district (tabac, bread and pastry shop, butcher's shop with delic
12475	Located in a peaceful street in the 15th district of Paris, a 20 mins walk away from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Invalides and other major Parisian attractions. You will be living in an authentic Parisian flat and neighborhood, thus experiencing Paris like a true local.	Typical Parisian flat located in the center of Paris : you will feel at home during your stay. Fully equipped, sleeps 4 persons, near to lot of commodities (shops, subways, etc.) Eiffel Tower, Seine river and Invalides at 15 mins by walk. Lovely! Located in a peaceful street in the 15th district of Paris, a 20 mins walk away from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Invalides and other major Parisian attractions. You will be living in an authentic Parisian flat and neighborhood, thus experiencing Paris like a true local. Centrally located for sightseeing, you'll benefit from high speed internet and illimited wifi connection. The flat offers the confort of home with a washing machine, HD TV, unilimited WiFi, hairdryer, coffee machine, and a printer. the kitchen is very well equiped (oven, toaster, fridge, microwave, pans, etc.) which will let you experience the French cuisine by yourself.  Flat has one bedroom that sleeps 2 persons (140  cm bed) and one large living room, with a comfy sofa
12476		Charmant studio très calme et très cosi au 3 ème étage au pied du métro convention. Ligne direct pour Sevres-Babylone / Madeleine Concorde Opéra / Montmartre. Tous les commerces au pied du Studio. Studio refait à neuf.
12477		Agréable petit studio meuble de 11 m2 dans un quartier calme pas loin de la Tour Eiffel.  dispose d'une douche et wc , d'un coin (website hidden) d'orange wifi + internet compris Linge de maison et douche inclus  Idéal pour personne de passage dans capitale ou pour couple en vacance. Au plaisir.
12478		Deux pièces très calme situé à deux pas des commerces et du métro, dans un quartier animé. Canapé disponible 2 personnes.  Cuisine équipée, petite salle de bain. Ligne 12 (10 minutes de Montparnasse) Bus 62
12479		In a typical Parisian building & apartment, small charming nest decorated with personal souvenirs from all around the world ! Located in a nice residential district, the 15th, 10-min away from the centre of Paris or from the Seine ! You are more than welcome to use 1 level in the fridge ; the ironing board ; the hair dryer I work in the day but I'll be happy to give you some advice during your stay Metro station : Boucicaut or Lourmel (L8) Bus line : 62 Velib stations at a walking distance Smoking is tolerated once in a while at the window of the living room
12480	Appartement lumineux avec parquet ancien. Un lit double dans la chambre et un grand canape lit dans le salon. La cuisine est neuve et toute équipée (four,micro-onde, lave vaisselle ...). Internet disponible. Toilettes séparées.	"2 rooms flat, with a large living room, a bedroom , a kitchen and a bathroom. It's located close to the subway station named ""Convention"" on the n°12 line. Dynamic neightboorhood."
12481		studio situé au rez de chaussée sur rue calme du 15e limite 7 eme a 5 mn des invalides et  10 mn de la tour eiffel  entierement équipé trés clair et bien agencé tout confort
12482	Grand appartemen	Chambre attenante salon Grand appartemen Vous avez accés a la cuisine équipée petit déjeuner inclus draps et serviettes à vôtre disposition Je pourrais vous fournir tous les détails et je serais presente en cas de besoin, les clés vous seront fournies à votre arrivée Mon quartier est très facile d'accès vous avez le métro et le tram Porte de Vanves.situé près de la Porte de Versailles à 10mn en tram.les commerçants sont à (website hidden) suis près du parc George Brassens Il y as des navettes à Montparnasse qui se dirige aux aéroports tres facile d'accès Les voyageurs peuvent arriver à toute heure
12483	39m2 studio , 5 minutes from the Metro Convention and the Gare Montparnasse close to shops and restaurants. The studio is located on the third floor with elevator and parking too. It has a sunny and clear view of a quiet street. It consists of an entrance, a living room with parquet flooring, a new bed 160 * 200cm and a sofa bed 4 places ( 2 place to sleep ), a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub. Linen is also provided. The studio is perfect for a couple or a single person looking for a comfortable accommodation that she days. In a good area for rest and calm very close to the center of Paris and the Montparnasse station.	Large studio, well appointed, with a double bed (2 places or 3 places for have trying ^^), a sofa bed (2 places) 39m2 studio , 5 minutes from the Metro Convention and the Gare Montparnasse close to shops and restaurants. The studio is located on the third floor with elevator and parking too. It has a sunny and clear view of a quiet street. It consists of an entrance, a living room with parquet flooring, a new bed 160 * 200cm and a sofa bed 4 places ( 2 place to sleep ), a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub. Linen is also provided. The studio is perfect for a couple or a single person looking for a comfortable accommodation that she days. In a good area for rest and calm very close to the center of Paris and the Montparnasse station. The apartment is close to the Eiffel Tower and the Montparnasse station by walker. Underground Convention (line 12),  underground Plaisance (line 13) and bus 62, bus 89, bus 80, bus 95
12484		In the center of Paris I can have 2 people in my living room where everything is available. If needed another room is available (2 more people can come) but contact me for more informations, otherwise i'll be here (not bothering :)) )  I'm going to be in my room when renting the living room and the rest, if I'm not here while you're coming I'll be available all the time on my cell phone :)  Everything is near the flat (grossery stores, a very good bakery, tobacco, bars..) Subway : Vaugirard (12) or Cambrone (6) Bus : (phone number hidden) By foot : 20mins from Montparnasse and the Eiffel tower (Motte Piquet Grenelle) I have a cat so if I'm here he'll stay in my room with me, otherwise if i'm not here i'll manage to find someone to take care of him if not possible for you.
12485	Très joli appartement idéal pour un jeune couple.	Joli appartement T2 en plein cœur du 15ème arr. Très bien situé dans un quartier familial et sécurisé. Commerces à proximité. Très joli appartement idéal pour un jeune couple. Tous les équipements électroménagers sont à votre disposition - Code accès wifi. C'est un quartier familial, très agréable pour se promener et faire les boutiques (rue du commerce). La Tour Eiffel est à 10 min à pied et le Trocadéro environ 20 min. Métro ligne 6 - 8 et 10
12486	Very nice 115 square meters apartment occupying the entire top two floors (9th and 10th) of a 10-storey building, completely renovated two years ago. Direct access by private elevator in the apartment (arriving directly on the 9th floor with own key to the apartment, or a landing door entry 8th floor). Guests can enjoy a magnificent view of the Eiffel Tower that is from inside the house or from the outside: two long ropy complement each floor balcony (32 square meters of balconies in total, more than 1 meter wide). Located in a shopping district, full of merchants and restaurants, the apartment is also close to the tourist attractions of the city and ideally connected by bus and metro (direct bus to the Eiffel Tower in 15 minutes, the Champs Elysées, or Madeleine-Opéra district). You will also be less than 10 minutes walking away from the great department stores, restaurants et movie theater of Beaugrenelle ((website hidden)) Ideal for a family with children, the apartment can also acc	Very nice 115 square meters apartment occupying the entire top two floors (9th and 10th) of a 10-storey building, completely renovated two years ago. Direct access by private elevator in the apartment (arriving directly on the 9th floor with own key to the apartment, or a landing door entry 8th floor). Guests can enjoy a magnificent view of the Eiffel Tower that is from inside the house or from the outside: two long ropy complement each floor balcony (32 square meters of balconies in total, more than 1 meter wide). Located in a shopping district, full of merchants and restaurants, the apartment is also close to the tourist attractions of the city and ideally connected by bus and metro (direct bus to the Eiffel Tower in 15 minutes, the Champs Elysées, or Madeleine-Opéra district). You will also be less than 10 minutes walking away from the great department stores, restaurants et movie theater of Beaugrenelle ((website hidden)) Ideal for a family with children, the apartment can also acc
12487	Hello I'm a 26 Parisian and I rent my studio in Paris when I'm travelling. It's close to the metro and tramway station and located in a safe district. This is a charming 28m ² studio flat, on the 4th floor without elevator. Positive point : Bright and charming with its large window and fully equipped. The studio includes 1 living room with parquet : 1 double bed, 1 large sofa, a table, a large TV, a wardrobe. An extra bed is available for the third person. The mattres has a very good quality and it has been bought in January 2013. There is an independant kitchen (with microwaves, small oven, gas cooker, fridge and washmachine) and a bathroom / toilets. Clean sheets and towels are furnished. There is High speed Internet access (wireless), large TV. You will find all the shops you may need (Supermarket, local food market Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday, post office, restaurants and bars at 5 minutes walking). Moreover, the area is very safe, back at night no problem. Looking forward to welc	This is a charming 28m² studio flat, on the 4th floor. My flat is well located in Paris and near to main touristic places. Very close to the metro, in a safe district and useful for 3 people. Very comfortable and clean appartement. Hello I'm a 26 Parisian and I rent my studio in Paris when I'm travelling. It's close to the metro and tramway station and located in a safe district. This is a charming 28m ² studio flat, on the 4th floor without elevator. Positive point : Bright and charming with its large window and fully equipped. The studio includes 1 living room with parquet : 1 double bed, 1 large sofa, a table, a large TV, a wardrobe. An extra bed is available for the third person. The mattres has a very good quality and it has been bought in January 2013. There is an independant kitchen (with microwaves, small oven, gas cooker, fridge and washmachine) and a bathroom / toilets. Clean sheets and towels are furnished. There is High speed Internet access (wireless), large TV. You will f
12488	This typically Haussmann parisian flat of 65 square meters may welcome up to 1 to 4 persons. Beautiful heights of ceilings, marble fireplaces participate in the charm of vintage fifty's and french antiques decoration. 1st floor with lift. - 1 Living room one single bed  - 1 bedroom with 1 very confortable quenn sized double bed  - 1 bedroom with two single bed + baby bed - 1 bathroom with tall bath - 1 kitchen with  washing machine, nespresso machine, blender, oven, -TV / Internet / Wifi Ideally situated in front of a park in a busy shopping district containing numerous restaurants and stores, every shop you need at 2 min walk maximum: Bakeries, Epiceries, Cafes, Restaurants ... 400 meters from the metro station Convention / Porte de Versailles - Parc des Expositions - Palais des Sports :  13 minutes metro from the Eiffel tower (22 minutes walk),  13 minutes from Place de la Concorde, 20 min from Opéra, 20 min from Galeries Lafayettes, 25 from Gare du Nord. Bus, metro & tram at less th	This typically Haussmann parisian flat of 65 square meters may welcome up to 1 to 4 persons. Beautiful heights of ceilings, marble fireplaces participate in the charm of vintage fifty's and french antiques decoration. 1st floor with lift. - 1 Living room one single bed  - 1 bedroom with 1 very confortable quenn sized double bed  - 1 bedroom with two single bed + baby bed - 1 bathroom with tall bath - 1 kitchen with  washing machine, nespresso machine, blender, oven, -TV / Internet / Wifi Ideally situated in front of a park in a busy shopping district containing numerous restaurants and stores, every shop you need at 2 min walk maximum: Bakeries, Epiceries, Cafes, Restaurants ... 400 meters from the metro station Convention / Porte de Versailles - Parc des Expositions - Palais des Sports :  13 minutes metro from the Eiffel tower (22 minutes walk),  13 minutes from Place de la Concorde, 20 min from Opéra, 20 min from Galeries Lafayettes, 25 from Gare du Nord. Bus, metro & tram at less th
12489		Deux-pièces agréable dans le 15eme à 10 mns de la Tour Eiffel à proximité du métro. Cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparées, chambre avec grand lit, canapé convertible. Immeuble calme dans rue tranquille proche commerces. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Un petit coin rangement est mis à disposition. Canal + et CanalSat disponibles. Métro 12 - Arrêt Vaugirard
12490		Studio de 22 m2, trés bien aménagé, avec un canapé en bas et une mezzannine avec lit double. À 5 minutes du Métro convention (Ligne 12). Quartier tranquille, très sympa et animé.
12491		    Appartement de 40m², 2 personnes, calme dans une résidence, proche des quais de Javel. A 20 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et 5 min du C.Commercial Beaugrenelle 2 pièces, belle luminosité,pièce à vivre agréable et colorée. Chambre lit double             Les nombreux commerçants alentours, le nouveau Centre Commercial Beaugrenelle, ses 120 boutiques et son grand cinéma et surtout la promenade sur les quais le long de la Seine. Métro Javel-André Citroën - Ligne 10,Rer C Javel  Bus 62, 88
12492	The flat is situated on the second floor and is fully furnished and equipped to a high standard. The flat is very cosy, big windows in every room, two balconys. This apartment has a double bedroom, second single bedroom (kid room), a living room with kitchen and a double sofa bed, a bathroom with shower and separate toilets. Utilities (dish-washer, clothes-washer, hair-dryer, steam-iron), flat screen TV, WiFi are included. The kitchen is equipped with appliances, crockery, cutlery and ustensils. Everything you require for a great stay!	Charming flat very central, nearby touristic spots, can accommodate up to 5/6 persons. Enjoy this fully furnished and equipped to a high standard apartment, situated in a quiet street, three blocks from Tour Eiffel and Trocadero. The flat is situated on the second floor and is fully furnished and equipped to a high standard. The flat is very cosy, big windows in every room, two balconys. This apartment has a double bedroom, second single bedroom (kid room), a living room with kitchen and a double sofa bed, a bathroom with shower and separate toilets. Utilities (dish-washer, clothes-washer, hair-dryer, steam-iron), flat screen TV, WiFi are included. The kitchen is equipped with appliances, crockery, cutlery and ustensils. Everything you require for a great stay! Guests will have the exclusive use of the whole apartment during their stay. By phone & email - depending on the reservation period. Very quiet street but so close to lots of restaurants, pubs and shopping (Beaugrenelle shopping
12493	Peaceful, quiet, atypic, charming.	This charming apartment  35m2 in the 15th district is 10min from the Eiffel Tower and 10min from Montparnasse train station. Located in a charming area, close to shops and transports, you'll feel at home in an authentic parisian neighborhood.
12494	- Hair dryer - kitchenware 	I invite you to have an amazing experience with a beautiful view to the Eiffel Tower. The exclusive Studio has one kitchen, 1 bathroom with toillet and one couple bed, localized on the heart of Paris. Contact in English, French and Portuguese. - Hair dryer - kitchenware The flat is at the 7th floor without lift
12495		Studio 21 m2 4th floor with a lift, in the heart of XVth nearby Pasteur metro, Volontaire and Plaisance, 95 and 88 bus 5 minutes by walk from Montparnasse train station. Bathroom with shower, microwave, washing machine, electric hob, fridge.
12496	Very nice one bedroom in a central location (Metro line 8), quiet and clear ( bedroom on the courtyard and living room on a quiet street) , Recently renovated, this apartment is nicely decorated and very well equiped with Internet WIFI, dishwaher and washing machine, oven... there are twin beds and a sofa bed in the living room. there is a street market twice a week just dow stairs and the area is very commercial with rue du Commerce. The heating is electric.	"A very nice chic parisian apartement recently renovated, comfortable and wery well equiped ( all machines, Internet) it's located in a central area on the 8 line of Metro. Near Trocadero, Champ de Mars with a street market. Very quiet. Very nice one bedroom in a central location (Metro line 8), quiet and clear ( bedroom on the courtyard and living room on a quiet street) , Recently renovated, this apartment is nicely decorated and very well equiped with Internet WIFI, dishwaher and washing machine, oven... there are twin beds and a sofa bed in the living room. there is a street market twice a week just dow stairs and the area is very commercial with rue du Commerce. The heating is electric. Entire apartment Parissimo, agency in charge of the apartment can be reach 24 H a day. The area is  commercial with many cafes and restaurants. You have to see the street market on wenesday and sunday monday, ""french exception"" Central location, you can go by foot in the main attraction or take metr"
12497	Joli deux-pièces idéalement situé, typiquement parisien avec de belles cheminées décoratives, parquet, moulures, grande baignoire, fenêtres double vitrage... Cet appartement est parfait pour un séjour confortable à Paris. Nice 1 bedroom apt, ideally located, typically parisian with beautiful old fireplaces, wooden floor, ceiling moldings, a big bathtub, double glazing windows... This apt is perfect for a comfortable stay in Paris. Vous aurez accès à toutes les prestations de l'appartement :  la vaisselle, l'électroménager ( plaques, four, four à micro-ondes, bouilloire, toaster, mixeur, grand frigo et congélateur...), mon lit est très confortable, la TV, les enceintes dans le salon et la chambre, les serviettes de bains,fer et planche à repasser, wifi... You'll have of course access to all the benefits of the apt :  - Double-bed,  - Fresh bed and bath  - Oven, toaster, water boiler, microwave, mixer - ironing board and iron  - Fridge and cooking plates,  - Glasses, incl. wine glasses, 	Joli deux-pièces idéalement situé, typiquement parisien avec de belles cheminées décoratives, parquet, moulures, grande baignoire, fenêtres double vitrage... Cet appartement est parfait pour un séjour confortable à Paris. Nice 1 bedroom apt, ideally located, typically parisian with beautiful old fireplaces, wooden floor, ceiling moldings, a big bathtub, double glazing windows... This apt is perfect for a comfortable stay in Paris. Vous aurez accès à toutes les prestations de l'appartement :  la vaisselle, l'électroménager ( plaques, four, four à micro-ondes, bouilloire, toaster, mixeur, grand frigo et congélateur...), mon lit est très confortable, la TV, les enceintes dans le salon et la chambre, les serviettes de bains,fer et planche à repasser, wifi... You'll have of course access to all the benefits of the apt :  - Double-bed,  - Fresh bed and bath  - Oven, toaster, water boiler, microwave, mixer - ironing board and iron  - Fridge and cooking plates,  - Glasses, incl. wine glasses, 
12498	Hello and welcome ! Ground floor appartment for 2/3 people, located 20 mins walk from the Eiffel Tower  Very convenient location for tourism You will be welcomed in our warm and spacious 2 room appartment on the ground floor of an old parisian 2 storey building, where you will feel at home.  The decor is contemporary. The appartment is « L » shape and airy with  large windows in both rooms.  The appartment is composed of 2 rooms and one bathroom :  •Entrance into office space, handy to get settled with your PC, to write or work. Wifi available •Fully equipped kitchen : oven, induction hob, washing machine, dish-washer, fridge/ freezer, small appliances such as coffee maker, kettle, crockery, glasses and kitchen ustensils . Kitchen table and chairs. •Living area overlooking courtyard with sofabed, television with numerous French and international channels. Books, magazines and brochures are left for your use. •Beyond separation bookcase, bedroom area with large bed (160 cms wide). Wardr	Hello and welcome ! Ground floor appartment for 2/3 people, located 20 mins walk from the Eiffel Tower  Very convenient location for tourism You will be welcomed in our warm and spacious 2 room appartment on the ground floor of an old parisian 2 storey building, where you will feel at home.  The decor is contemporary. The appartment is « L » shape and airy with  large windows in both rooms.  The appartment is composed of 2 rooms and one bathroom :  •Entrance into office space, handy to get settled with your PC, to write or work. Wifi available •Fully equipped kitchen : oven, induction hob, washing machine, dish-washer, fridge/ freezer, small appliances such as coffee maker, kettle, crockery, glasses and kitchen ustensils . Kitchen table and chairs. •Living area overlooking courtyard with sofabed, television with numerous French and international channels. Books, magazines and brochures are left for your use. •Beyond separation bookcase, bedroom area with large bed (160 cms wide). Wardr
12499		Appartement lumineux et calme de 30m2 dans le 15éme, métro Cambronne ligne 6 (proche ligne 8-10-12).  Canapé lit, télé et internet Cuisine équipée (j'aime cuisiner) en face de la ligne de métro 6 (arrêt Cambronne) a 5 min à pieds de la ligne 10 et 8 (La Motte Piquet) nombreux bus à proximité le bus 80 va directement vers St Lazare et Galeries Lafayette
12500	Ideally located, very nice apartment of 56m2 and comfort: big windows assure plenty of day light (5th floor). Perfect for 4 people the apartment consists of an entrance hall, a kitchen, a living / dining room with sofa bed, a bedroom with a double bed and a sofa bed, a bathroom with walk-in shower, a toilet. Also there is unlimited internet service and cable TV, LED TV, DVD player, quality bed linens and towels. The building is secured (security code entry, a concierge service and master-dog night) and close to many transport (Vélib station at the foot of the building, many subway and bus lines nearby). Especially it is located less than three minutes away from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower for unforgettable rides both day and evenings. The district is very lively with many restaurants and shops that make it one of the most pleasant area in Paris. Anyway the ideal location for those wishing to discover Paris in the best conditions	Ideally located, very nice apartment of 56m2 and comfort: big windows assure plenty of day light (5th floor). Perfect for 4 people the apartment consists of an entrance hall, a kitchen, a living / dining room with sofa bed, a bedroom with a double bed and a sofa bed, a bathroom with walk-in shower, a toilet. Also there is unlimited internet service and cable TV, LED TV, DVD player, quality bed linens and towels. The building is secured (security code entry, a concierge service and master-dog night) and close to many transport (Vélib station at the foot of the building, many subway and bus lines nearby). Especially it is located less than three minutes away from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower for unforgettable rides both day and evenings. The district is very lively with many restaurants and shops that make it one of the most pleasant area in Paris. Anyway the ideal location for those wishing to discover Paris in the best conditions
12501	STANDING Very good standing building secured by a digicode at the entrance. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor with an elevator. It looks onto the Rue du Commerce which is a busy street but very calm as there are almost no cars. LAYOUT Paris vacation apartment of 50 m2 with a large living room. A sofa bed accommodates 2 additional people. The bedroom has a double bed (140*200). The bathroom, which can be reached from the bedroom, has a bath-tub. The kitchen is rather large and open on the living room. You will also be able to benefit from the small terrace where you will be able to have breakfast for two. A functional apartment to rent in Paris that enjoys a very good location combining prestige (the Eiffel Tower is in the neighborhood) with the pleasure of everyday life in Paris (the special atmosphere of the Rue du Commerce).	A functional apartment to rent in Paris that enjoys a very good location combining prestige (the Eiffel Tower is in the neighborhood) with the pleasure of everyday life in Paris (the special atmosphere of the Rue du Commerce). STANDING Very good standing building secured by a digicode at the entrance. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor with an elevator. It looks onto the Rue du Commerce which is a busy street but very calm as there are almost no cars. LAYOUT Paris vacation apartment of 50 m2 with a large living room. A sofa bed accommodates 2 additional people. The bedroom has a double bed (140*200). The bathroom, which can be reached from the bedroom, has a bath-tub. The kitchen is rather large and open on the living room. You will also be able to benefit from the small terrace where you will be able to have breakfast for two. A functional apartment to rent in Paris that enjoys a very good location combining prestige (the Eiffel Tower is in the neighborhood) with the pleasure of 
12502	This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a large protected residence. It features a green area. It is accessible by the elevator but you have to walk up one floor to get to the elevator. The main room of the studio is very bright thanks to its large bay windows. It consists of a comfortable convertible sofa, a flat screen TV, an equipped American kitchen and a corner offer. The bathroom includes a bathtub and the toilets.	This beautiful studio is bathed with light. The view is clear and has views on the gardens which you will be able to fully enjoy. This studio is located a few blocks away from Montparnasse and the Parc des Expositions of Versailles. This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a large protected residence. It features a green area. It is accessible by the elevator but you have to walk up one floor to get to the elevator. The main room of the studio is very bright thanks to its large bay windows. It consists of a comfortable convertible sofa, a flat screen TV, an equipped American kitchen and a corner offer. The bathroom includes a bathtub and the toilets. Located in the West of the fifteenth district, Javel once was an industrial pole. Today, the district houses the beautiful André-Citroën Park, the Georges Pompidou hospital, and many office blocks. At the Porte de Versailles, you will see the most important exhibition center, where around 200 events a year are organized. Bus 62 Métro 
12503	You will discover a charming and calm apartment (loft)… with a lot of light. The countryside in the center of Paris !!! 1 large lounge dining room (with a sofa bed) 1 kitchen 1 office under a window roof 1 bedroom with a large bed (electric bed) 1 bathroom Separate toilet 1 terrace outside in front of a garden Wifi Free phone Metro, many buses, autolib et velib around Parking - 10 euros/day (website hidden) Many restaurants Lots of shops (especially grocery stores). You will discover in rue Cambronne one of the best bakeries in Paris  Not far from Montparnasse, Saint-Germain, Eiffel Tower...	You will discover a charming and calm apartment (loft)… with a lot of light. The countryside in the center of Paris !!! 1 large lounge dining room (with a sofa bed) 1 kitchen 1 office under a window roof 1 bedroom with a large bed (electric bed) 1 bathroom Separate toilet 1 terrace outside in front of a garden Wifi Free phone Metro, many buses, autolib et velib around Parking - 10 euros/day (website hidden) Many restaurants Lots of shops (especially grocery stores). You will discover in rue Cambronne one of the best bakeries in Paris  Not far from Montparnasse, Saint-Germain, Eiffel Tower...
12504		Très beau studio de 30 m2, refait à neuf, calme, 6ème étage avec ascenseur, traversant, très lumineux. Idéal pour un couple ou deux amis. Enfant non accepté. Proche commerces et très bien desservis pour visiter Paris (métro Pasteur à 5 minutes: ligne 12 et 6, métro Montparnasse à 5 minutes: lignes 13, 6, 4 et 12; nombreuses lignes de bus). Gare Montparnasse à 5 minutes à pieds également.
12505	Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 02nd floor (with small elevator) (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor)  Subway: Tour Eiffel (RER station) or Bir-Hakeim (metro) Surface area: 366 sq.ft. / 34m2 Very convenient location for tourism but also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipments & services in the apartment will be appreciated. The owner of this property works in the Tourism industry in Paris - and takes good care of his guests. LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Station is BIR-HAKEIM (line 6) or RER station EIFFEL TOWE	A nice Parisian apartment close to the Eiffel Tower. Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 02nd floor (with small elevator) (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor)  Subway: Tour Eiffel (RER station) or Bir-Hakeim (metro) Surface area: 366 sq.ft. / 34m2 Very convenient location for tourism but also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipments & services in the apartment will be appreciated. The owner of this property works in the Tourism industry in Paris - and takes good care of his guests. LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Stat
12506	One bedroom apartment of 50 m2 on the second floor. Very clear and calm. Located in the 15th arrondissement, close to the 7th. Very safe area. 7 min walk from the Champs de Mars, two subway stations from Montparnasse, 5 stations from Saint Germain des Pres, 4 stations from the Eiffel Tower. Very well connected: metro Sevres-Lecourbe, Volontaires, Motte Piquet, Segur. (line 12, 6, 8, 10). Velib (public bicycle hiring system) at 50 meters, buses. Quiet residence built in 1968, not overlooked (apartment overlooking a church and Unesco). Close to shopping street Lecourbe supermarket open until 23H, merchants, craftsmen. Many restaurants nearby (we will give you our favorite places!) A bedroom with a bed of 140 cm, a living room with open kitchen, bathroom with large walk-in shower, separate toilet, large closet 2 persons can sleep in the living room (the sofa splits in 2 individual beds) Kitchen: fridge, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine. WiFi. a parking in the building (acces b	Lovely one bedroom apt, fully equipped kitchen.  Very well connected, walking distance from Eiffel Tower. Safe and quiet street,  many shops nearby. Parking inside the building Very convenient to get to Parc des exposition-Porte de versailles. One bedroom apartment of 50 m2 on the second floor. Very clear and calm. Located in the 15th arrondissement, close to the 7th. Very safe area. 7 min walk from the Champs de Mars, two subway stations from Montparnasse, 5 stations from Saint Germain des Pres, 4 stations from the Eiffel Tower. Very well connected: metro Sevres-Lecourbe, Volontaires, Motte Piquet, Segur. (line 12, 6, 8, 10). Velib (public bicycle hiring system) at 50 meters, buses. Quiet residence built in 1968, not overlooked (apartment overlooking a church and Unesco). Close to shopping street Lecourbe supermarket open until 23H, merchants, craftsmen. Many restaurants nearby (we will give you our favorite places!) A bedroom with a bed of 140 cm, a living room with open kitchen, bat
12507		Cozy studio in 20 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower . Conveniently located in Paris , with several metro line nearby: line 8 ( Felix Faure) , line 10 (Charles Michel ) and RER C ( bleach) that will give you direct access to the Palace of Versailles. You will have access to: -Wifi ( BBOX Internet ) -TV and DVD player -stereo system -refrigerator -2 Hotplates -microwave We'll see you at check -in and check-out for the keys. - Line 8: Felix Faure - Line 10: Charles Michel - RER C: Javel, which will give you direct access to the Palace of Versailles.
12508	Bonjour,  je loue mon appartement pendant mon absence. Il est constitué d'une chambre séparée aménagée avec un lit mezzanine, un canapé, table basse et une grande armoire avec penderie (entièrement vide). L'autre lit est dans un double salon dont une partie est aménagée en chambre. L'autre partie est un coin salle à manger (mais n'est pas séparée de la partie chambre). Il y a aussi une cuisine séparée équipée d'un four plaques à induction, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge. Toilettes et salle de bain sont séparés. Je trouve que c'est un appartement vraiment agréable. ( Un petit détail: l'eau chaude est produite par une chaudière, donc pas de risque de se retrouver à court d'eau chaude après 2 douches) N'hésitez pas si vous avez des questions! A bientôt, Rudy Il est au premier (avec petit ascenseur). N'hésitez	Bjr! je loue mon appartement pendant mon absence. Il est agréable et bien équipé. Une chambre avec lit mezzanine, canapé, table basse, grand placard. Une double pièce avec un côté chambre et un coin salle à manger, non séparé. (5 mn  Parc des Expo) Bonjour,  je loue mon appartement pendant mon absence. Il est constitué d'une chambre séparée aménagée avec un lit mezzanine, un canapé, table basse et une grande armoire avec penderie (entièrement vide). L'autre lit est dans un double salon dont une partie est aménagée en chambre. L'autre partie est un coin salle à manger (mais n'est pas séparée de la partie chambre). Il y a aussi une cuisine séparée équipée d'un four plaques à induction, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge. Toilettes et salle de bain sont séparés. Je trouve que c'est un appartement vraiment agréable. ( Un petit détail: l'eau chaude est produite par une chaudière, donc pas de risque de se retrouver à court d'eau chaude après 2 douches) N'hésitez pas si vous avez des questions! A b
12509	Grand appartement dont le design a été fait par une ancienne styliste de Givenchy, situé au 5eme étage. La pièce principal est un grand salon, extrêmement lumineux (orienté sud ouest), coloré doté de 2 cheminées décoratives. Très calme car isolé de la rue par une cours. Dans le salon, table ronde, pliable si besoin, et lit fait en bois, sur mesure sur élevé, King Size. La cuisine, tout aussi lumineuse et spacieuse est tout équipée. Plaques à induction, machine à vaisselle, machine pour le linge, micro onde et petit (website hidden) en bois. Douche à l'italienne, ouverte, confortable.  Au fond du couloir : petites toilettes.	Pour un séjour à 2 à paris, appartement spacieux, confiné et romantique, coloré et lumineux, au calme au centre de Paris, à coté de la tour Eiffel, des Invalides, de l'UNESCO, quartier dynamique et accessibles en transport, nombreux commerces à coté. 40m2, colorés, au 5eme sur cours calme, à coté de l'UNESCO, Invalides métro Ségur/Sèvre Lecourbe, avec nombreux commerces à coté. Un grand salon lumineux avec un lit double 200x180 sur-élevé. Spacieuse cuisine, toilettes et la douche sont séparées. Grand appartement dont le design a été fait par une ancienne styliste de Givenchy, situé au 5eme étage. La pièce principal est un grand salon, extrêmement lumineux (orienté sud ouest), coloré doté de 2 cheminées décoratives. Très calme car isolé de la rue par une cours. Dans le salon, table ronde, pliable si besoin, et lit fait en bois, sur mesure sur élevé, King Size. La cuisine, tout aussi lumineuse et spacieuse est tout équipée. Plaques à induction, machine à vaisselle, machine pour le linge,
12510	Appartement de 80m2 situé dans un quartier dynamique et proche tout commerces. La décoration date des années 80, ce qui lui donne un charme unique. Il y a une unique chambre et une salle de bain mais il y a également un grand canapé lit dans le salon Grand appartement tout équipé et idéalement situé au métro Convention. La décoration au goût des années 80 le rend très confortable et chaleureux. Je serais en région parisienne donc joignable à tout moment. Situé à deux pas du métro convention, dans un quartier dynamique et très safe. De nombreux commerces à proximité. Le métro convention, une station de vélib et un arrêt de bus se trouvent à 50m de l'appartement.	Grand appartement situé dans un quartier dynamique et proche tout commerces. La décoration date des années 80, ce qui lui donne un charme unique. Il y a une unique chambre et une salle de bain mais il y a également un grand canapé lit dans le salon Appartement de 80m2 situé dans un quartier dynamique et proche tout commerces. La décoration date des années 80, ce qui lui donne un charme unique. Il y a une unique chambre et une salle de bain mais il y a également un grand canapé lit dans le salon Grand appartement tout équipé et idéalement situé au métro Convention. La décoration au goût des années 80 le rend très confortable et chaleureux. Je serais en région parisienne donc joignable à tout moment. Situé à deux pas du métro convention, dans un quartier dynamique et très safe. De nombreux commerces à proximité. Le métro convention, une station de vélib et un arrêt de bus se trouvent à 50m de l'appartement.
12511	"Located in the heart of the 15th to the metro station ""La Motte picket Grenelle"" (lines 6, 8, 10), you will be 10 minutes from the Champ de Mars / Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero and 30 minutes by subway doors Paris. Our 55 m2 apartment is on the 4th floor of a pretty small building. 2 bedrooms, each with its own bathroom, you can share a 20m2 open on its kitchen: - 1 master bedroom (double bed) with its equipped with a bath tub - 1 bedroom (double bed) with its equipped with a shower bath - Living kitchen "	"Located in the heart of the 15th to the metro station ""La Motte picket Grenelle"" (lines 6, 8, 10), you will be 10 minutes from the Champ de Mars / Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero and 30 minutes by subway doors Paris. Located in the heart of the 15th to the metro station ""La Motte picket Grenelle"" (lines 6, 8, 10), you will be 10 minutes from the Champ de Mars / Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero and 30 minutes by subway doors Paris. Our 55 m2 apartment is on the 4th floor of a pretty small building. 2 bedrooms, each with its own bathroom, you can share a 20m2 open on its kitchen: - 1 master bedroom (double bed) with its equipped with a bath tub - 1 bedroom (double bed) with its equipped with a shower bath - Living kitchen Close to shops (supermarket is just down!), You'll be 3 minutes from Dupleix Sunday market and 5 minutes from the Trade Street for shopping. In the neighborhood, you can also try good French restaurant, Korean, Italian, Japanese etc .... So if you are looking for a charmin"
12512		Ce studio est localisé dans un immeuble charmant typiquement parisien dans une rue très calme. Au 6e étage avec ascenseur, il est meublé avec cuisine équipée. A quelques minutes à pied du métro convention, il est également bien desservi par de multiples lignes de bus à proximité qui mènent directement vers les points touristiques centraux parisiens : Champs Elysées, Montparnasse,saint germain des prés....Vous pouvez profitez du fameux marché sur la rue convention les mardis ,jeudis et dimanches.
12513	Très central, desservi par 3 lignes de métro, il est situé dans un quartier idéal, à quelques minutes de l'avenue de Breteuil donnant sur les Invalides et dans un joli quartier rempli de nombreux commerces épiceries, boucheries, poissonneries, marché, primeurs, restaurants, bar ... 	Charming, bright, one Bed room (double bed) apartment in a 19th building. There is also a convertible sofa ideal for one or two children.  Hardwood floor, ceiling mouldings.  Subway station is 150 meters away.  Nice and quiet neighborhood with all th The whole appartment is yours. The kitchen is fully furnished including Dishwasher, oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, fridge and also a washing-machine. I also have a great wi-fi connection (fiber),  a TV. Nice and quiet neighborhood with all the commerces you need.  The neighborhood is great! You'll find everything you need: plenty of supermarket, bakery, bars, Starbucks, shops, restaurants .... My apartment is well located in downtown paris (in the 15th district).The Paris main train station montparnasse is 15 min walk away or 5 min by subway. Subway is at the beginning of the street(L6) and will take you anywhere you want. 5 min to Eiffel tower, 15 min to Luxembourg garden, 15 min to main bars streets. The subway (L12) line is d
12514	L'appartement de 60 m2 est situé à Paris 15ème arrondissement, dans un immeuble des années 1970. Situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, il se compose de deux chambres, d'un salon et coin repas, d'une cuisine, salle de bains et wc séparés. 	"Je propose la location d'un appartement entier, composé d'une chambre avec un grand lit double et une chambre pour 1 personne, au coeur du 15ème. L'appartement est cosy, dispose d'un balcon ensoleillé le matin et se trouve proche de toutes commodités L'appartement de 60 m2 est situé à Paris 15ème arrondissement, dans un immeuble des années 1970. Situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, il se compose de deux chambres, d'un salon et coin repas, d'une cuisine, salle de bains et wc séparés. Que vous soyez nomades, en déplacement professionnel ou bien en vacances, je vous propose cet appartement afin que vous vous sentiez comme chez vous. Proche de la Seine et du Pont Mirabeau, à 3 minutes de marche du ""Parc André Citroën"" (14 hectares en bordure de Seine), la Tour Eiffel à 20 minutes à pied en longeant la Seine. Quartier typique du 15ème (rue Charles Michel avec ses nombreux commerces d'alimentation, marché) et rue du Commerce à 15 mn à pied, piscine olympique à 8 minutes, Centre Beaugrenelle à"
12515		Quartier calme tout en ayant une proximité avec commerces et transports Metro ligne 8 station lourmel places de stationnement aux alentours
12516	"New, apartment in the heart of Paris city, located in the 15th arrondissement In a fancy new building at the 5th floor with a street view from a large balcony. 52m², 2 cells; one living room with a sofa bed 145/150x200 size, a dining room, equipped kitchen with a washing machine, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee machine, kettle, toaster, cutleries, chinaware, table board and iron. A zen bedroom with a double bed 160x200 size, bathroom with bathtub.  A charming stay that appeal couples and friends to enjoy a delightful time during their vacation or business stay. It offers the easiest access to discover the new Beaugrenelle center, the famous Eiffel Tower and many other attraction not to be missed.  So close to common transportation, Charles Michel metro station line 10, bus station ""RER C"" 8 minutes away. The right district to walk around, shopping, cinemas, restaurant, pub etc...  It is for you now to discover the charm of this beautiful neighborhood. "	New apartment in the heart of Paris city, located in the 15th arrondissement In a fancy new building at the 5th floor with a street view from a large balcony. 52m², 2 cells; one living room with a sofa bed, a dining room, equipped kitchen with a wash New, apartment in the heart of Paris city, located in the 15th arrondissement In a fancy new building at the 5th floor with a street view from a large balcony. 52m², 2 cells; one living room with a sofa bed 145/150x200 size, a dining room, equipped kitchen with a washing machine, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee machine, kettle, toaster, cutleries, chinaware, table board and iron. A zen bedroom with a double bed 160x200 size, bathroom with bathtub.  A charming stay that appeal couples and friends to enjoy a delightful time during their vacation or business stay. It offers the easiest access to discover the new Beaugrenelle center, the famous Eiffel Tower and many other attraction not to be missed.  So close to common transportation, Charles
12517	Our family apartment is very close to the rue du Commerce (lots of shops, fresh food, big food market on Wed. & Sun. and restaurants) and to the Champs de Mars / Eiffel Tower. 50 meters from here is metro station Emile Zola, and lines 6, 8 and 10.  The apartment is fully equiped with 3 bedrooms on the courtyard side, with peace and quiet atmosphere.  The very large living-room is 40 m2.  The large sofa is pull-up and easily becomes a double bed. So we can welcome 6 to 7 guests. We provide sheets, linen, and also towels if you ask for them. Enjoy your stay !	We're happy to welcome you in our family apartment, a big parquet-and-moulding style apartment with 3 rooms and a big sofa bed (6 to 7 guests can sleep at us). It's located near the Eiffel Tower and Rue du Commerce, with many metros and buses. Our family apartment is very close to the rue du Commerce (lots of shops, fresh food, big food market on Wed. & Sun. and restaurants) and to the Champs de Mars / Eiffel Tower. 50 meters from here is metro station Emile Zola, and lines 6, 8 and 10.  The apartment is fully equiped with 3 bedrooms on the courtyard side, with peace and quiet atmosphere.  The very large living-room is 40 m2.  The large sofa is pull-up and easily becomes a double bed. So we can welcome 6 to 7 guests. We provide sheets, linen, and also towels if you ask for them. Enjoy your stay ! The US kitchen with a bar, dishwasher and washing machine, a traditional oven and micro-wave.  Bathroom with bathtube/shower, separate toilets. We provide :  - Sheets, duvets, pillow cases - o
12518	The apartment has Wi-Fi, an equipped kitchen, the toilets and the bathrooms are separate. 	This 55 sq m apartment is in the heart of Paris, on the second floor with an elevator. There are 2 rooms with both queen beds and a sofa bed in the living room. The apartment is 5 minutes away, walking distance, from the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has Wi-Fi, an equipped kitchen, the toilets and the bathrooms are separate. The 15th arrondissement is a lively and dynamic area. A very nice neighborhood in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes away , walking distance, from the Eiffel Tower, the Champs de Mars and very close from shops  and stores. The rue du commerce is a 1 minute away shopping street : there is a fruit and vegetable market on Sundays, bakeries and boutiques…The Motte Piquet is an area full of coffee places and  restaurants, very pleasant when it’s nice out. The Motte Piquet is also an area where buses and metros stop by. The metro station is a minute away, walking distance from the apartment (end of the street): the lines 6, 10 et 8 are present. There are a lot of bus and taxi s
12519	It is a 300 sqm penthouse, located on the 16th floor of a modern building with lift and concierge service that can accommodate up to 8 guests. This spacious penthouse counts 300 sqm of living space, arranged with all the modern amenities. The 65 sqm air-conditioned living room has 3 bay windows with an amazing view on the Seine River. This tiled floor living room has been furnished with: large angle sofa and armchairs, coffee table, built-in shelves, built-in wall closet; and also includes: stereo system, phone, and fireplace The 24 sqm separate eat-in kitchen has 8 windows with another spectacular view of the Seine River. It is equipped with: dining table (for 8 people), oven, microwave, ceramic hob, grill, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, ice maker, dishwasher, espresso machine, coffee maker, toaster, all kitchen utensils, built-in wall closet, built-in shelves. The kitchen has a tiled floor. The 32 sqm air-conditioned dining room has 4 bay windows and an opening skylight. It is furn	This aptly named apartment has an incredible view of all Paris, but especially of the Eiffel tower. It is a 300 sqm penthouse, located on the 16th floor of a modern building with lift and concierge service that can accommodate up to 8 guests. This spacious penthouse counts 300 sqm of living space, arranged with all the modern amenities. The 65 sqm air-conditioned living room has 3 bay windows with an amazing view on the Seine River. This tiled floor living room has been furnished with: large angle sofa and armchairs, coffee table, built-in shelves, built-in wall closet; and also includes: stereo system, phone, and fireplace The 24 sqm separate eat-in kitchen has 8 windows with another spectacular view of the Seine River. It is equipped with: dining table (for 8 people), oven, microwave, ceramic hob, grill, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, ice maker, dishwasher, espresso machine, coffee maker, toaster, all kitchen utensils, built-in wall closet, built-in shelves. The kitchen has a tiled
12520	"CHARMING STUDIO IN LOURMEL DISTRICT Stay in my lovely studio, ideal for one or two persons, ONLY ONE BED. The apt is  in front of the ""Lourmel"" metro station (you juste have to open the door of the residence). Direct metro  line to ""Invalides"", ""Opera"", ""Republique"" and ""Bastille"".  The apartment includes:  - a luminous room with sofa, table, chairs, shelves, cupboards,  - a bed for 2 persons (140 cm, not a big size)  - kitchenette fully equipped with cooking plates, fridge, an oven , dishes and anything you need to cook, coffee pot.  - a bathroom with a shower well working a bathtub, toilets  I provide clean linenand towels hairdryer, Internet WIFI, TV. The studio is located on 1th floor with elevator, in a secure Parisian residence, with digicode and concierge (very nice). The apartment’s door has a high security lock.  A supermarket on the corner open until 9 p.m Other shops and café are just on the street aside. Easy to catch a taxi on the street. The apt is really calm, Prices inc"	"CHARMING STUDIO IN LOURMEL DISTRICT Stay in my lovely studio, ideal for one or two persons, ONLY ONE BED. The apt is  in front of the ""Lourmel"" metro station (you juste have to open the door of the residence). Direct metro  line to ""Invalides"", ""Opera"", ""Republique"" and ""Bastille"".  The apartment includes:  - a luminous room with sofa, table, chairs, shelves, cupboards,  - a bed for 2 persons (140 cm, not a big size)  - kitchenette fully equipped with cooking plates, fridge, an oven , dishes and anything you need to cook, coffee pot.  - a bathroom with a shower well working a bathtub, toilets  I provide clean linenand towels hairdryer, Internet WIFI, TV. The studio is located on 1th floor with elevator, in a secure Parisian residence, with digicode and concierge (very nice). The apartment’s door has a high security lock.  A supermarket on the corner open until 9 p.m Other shops and café are just on the street aside. Easy to catch a taxi on the street. The apt is really calm, Prices inc"
12521	C'est un appartement de grand standing avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel et sur le Champs de Mars.  L’immeuble est sécurisé avec un code d'entré, un interphone ainsi qu'une camera de surveillance. C'est un appartement spacieux de deux pièces, chambre avec lit double et canapé d'angle convertible dans le salon. Il est meublé avec des meubles de qualité et la cuisine est parfaitement équipée. Il peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous!	Superbe appartement moderne de 65 m2, lumineux, avec une vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, il est parfaitement équipé et meublé avec gout. Il offre les conditions idéales pour un séjour d'affaire ou pour les vacances. C'est un appartement de grand standing avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel et sur le Champs de Mars.  L’immeuble est sécurisé avec un code d'entré, un interphone ainsi qu'une camera de surveillance. C'est un appartement spacieux de deux pièces, chambre avec lit double et canapé d'angle convertible dans le salon. Il est meublé avec des meubles de qualité et la cuisine est parfaitement équipée. Il peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous! Les voyageurs auront accès à l'appartement entier. Il est constitué d'une entrée, une cuisine équipé avec un lave linge, un lave vaisselle, une cuisinière, un réfrigérateur, une salle de bain avec baignoire, des toilettes séparées, un salon et une chambre. Il y a également un balcon qu
12522		Charmant appartement dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas du Champ-de-Mars, de la Tour Eiffel (vue sur la Tour Eiffel). Charming apartment in Paris , close to the Champ de Mars , the Eiffel Tower (overlooking the Eiffel Tower).
12523	Please note that unfortunately, we can not accommodate children under 15 in this apartment. The following hotel services are included in your stay: a welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, fresh bed linens and bath towels, toiletries, concierge services, complete cleaning before your arrival and after your departure, and weekly housekeeping for longer stays.  The apartment is just a short walk to the Parc André Citroën, in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, located in a modern high-rise with a lobby entrance and security service. Located on the 30th floor of the tower, it offers an amazing panoramic view of Paris, and has all the necessary comforts including air conditioning. Upon entering the apartment, a corridor leads you into the main living spaces of the apartment. At the end of the hallway, the large living room with its huge windows appears to be suspended in mid-air, putting all of Paris at your feet.  The apartment has been styled with a mix of exotic antique piec	On the Seine’s banks, close to the André Citroën Park, this unique apartment offers you a stunning panoramic view over Paris, and can accomodate up to 4 people. Please note that unfortunately, we can not accommodate children under 15 in this apartment. The following hotel services are included in your stay: a welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, fresh bed linens and bath towels, toiletries, concierge services, complete cleaning before your arrival and after your departure, and weekly housekeeping for longer stays.  The apartment is just a short walk to the Parc André Citroën, in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, located in a modern high-rise with a lobby entrance and security service. Located on the 30th floor of the tower, it offers an amazing panoramic view of Paris, and has all the necessary comforts including air conditioning. Upon entering the apartment, a corridor leads you into the main living spaces of the apartment. At the end of the hallway, the large living r
12524		Appt de 50 M. Un salon avec canapé convertible, une chambre lit double, une salle de bain, une cuisine equipee.  A proximité de commerces, restaurants, bars, quartier très bien desservi, à 10 mn de la Tour EIffel et 5mn de Montparnasse!
12525	"The flat was  renovated two years ago and can comfortably accommodate two people. It is a 27m2 place with a small kitchenette, bathroom and separate WC. It is spacious and good organized. In the morning you can hear birds singing from the parc located next street. The main room has two big windows with a view on the typical parisian courtyard. There is one double bed with a brand new mattress, a desk with a office chair and a big mirror. There is some of my belongings since I'm staying there quite often and I can not take them out. The studio is located in a brick building with:  - Central heating   - Concierge  - Door code  -  Lift (small) and going from ""middle floor to middle floor"""	"Quiet studio ideally located near metro Porte de Versailles(line 12), subway, tramway and bus - about 5 min walking to the Parc des Expositions.  It has nice vintage and modern furniture. The flat was  renovated two years ago and can comfortably accommodate two people. It is a 27m2 place with a small kitchenette, bathroom and separate WC. It is spacious and good organized. In the morning you can hear birds singing from the parc located next street. The main room has two big windows with a view on the typical parisian courtyard. There is one double bed with a brand new mattress, a desk with a office chair and a big mirror. There is some of my belongings since I'm staying there quite often and I can not take them out. The studio is located in a brick building with:  - Central heating   - Concierge  - Door code  -  Lift (small) and going from ""middle floor to middle floor"" There everything you need for your stay: In the kitchenette you will find kettle, fridge, dishes and cups etc. If you"
12526	idéalement situé,ce studio complètement refait en février 2012, vous offrira tout le confort tout en étant le plus près possible de votre stand si vous vous exposez Porte de Versailles. Ce studio vous permettra également de passer un week-end ou plus si vous venez en couple ou en famille.	This bachelor is ideally located, especially If you are an exhibitor at the Porte de Versailles.   Also, it has been totally remodelled in February 2012 to offer all the comfort you can expect.   Very cosy for a weekend or longer. idéalement situé,ce studio complètement refait en février 2012, vous offrira tout le confort tout en étant le plus près possible de votre stand si vous vous exposez Porte de Versailles. Ce studio vous permettra également de passer un week-end ou plus si vous venez en couple ou en famille. You could sleep at 4 but it's a tiny apartment so more confortable for 2.
12527	Flat 45 m2. 1 room, 4 people. Available from the 29-08 to 05-09. 4 star hotel. Kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, Television, free Wifi. Very well located near the tramway and the metro (porte de Versailles)	Flat 45 m2. 1 room, 4 people. Available from the 29-08 to 05-09. 4 star hotel. Kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, Television, free Wifi. Very well located near the tramway and the metro (porte de Versailles)
12528	I lend a cosy 30 m² apartment during weekends mostly. It is a perfectly located apartment (10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower by foot) and is right next to metro stops Dupleix (Line 6) and Motte Picquet Grenelle (Lines 8 and 10).	Very well located T1 studio 30 seconds from Metro stop Dupleix (Line 6) and 5 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower by foot.  Separate bathroom (shower); Separate kitchen and toilet 2nd bed is an air mattress bed Ideal for a weekend in Paris ! I lend a cosy 30 m² apartment during weekends mostly. It is a perfectly located apartment (10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower by foot) and is right next to metro stops Dupleix (Line 6) and Motte Picquet Grenelle (Lines 8 and 10). Wifi, TV, Internet I can interact as much as you want :) You will find a broad range of restaurants around, as well as local commerces. I have a comfortable 2-persons bed and the 2nd one is an air mattress bed
12529	Typicall parisian appartment :-)	Typicall parisian appartment :-) All appartment, WIFI and TV.
12530	"Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay this lovely and luminous apartment, fully furnished. This charming 3 room apartment is located at the heart of Paris, in the central 15th arrondissement, between the River Seine, The tower Effeil et Tower Montparnasse, half way between Saint Michel and Odéon. You'll fell ""real local life"". Apartment of 55 m2 with terrace (15m2) located on the 7th floor of a modern luxury (lift-central heating-parking - goalkeeper). From a very comfortable and fully renovated in March 2012, all furniture and appliances are new upscale. Enjoy the panoramic view over the rooftops of Paris with the Eiffel Tower in the distance, the Tower Montparnasse, the Invalides, Montmartre and the dome of the Grand Palais. Ideally located in the lively Montparnasse (and near Saint Germain des Pres) this accommodation has the comfort of your flat screen TV and WiFi internet access unlimited broadband. The bedrooms are quiet because over"	"IApartment very nice and great with all the charm of a large terrace. It is very well equipped ideal for a family. The area has many advantages: tourism, close to the subway and shopping facilities. You will not be disappointed! Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay this lovely and luminous apartment, fully furnished. This charming 3 room apartment is located at the heart of Paris, in the central 15th arrondissement, between the River Seine, The tower Effeil et Tower Montparnasse, half way between Saint Michel and Odéon. You'll fell ""real local life"". Apartment of 55 m2 with terrace (15m2) located on the 7th floor of a modern luxury (lift-central heating-parking - goalkeeper). From a very comfortable and fully renovated in March 2012, all furniture and appliances are new upscale. Enjoy the panoramic view over the rooftops of Paris with the Eiffel Tower in the distance, the Tower Montparnasse, the Invalides, Montmartre and the dome of the G"
12531	The kitchen is fully equipped with: microwave, wash machine, dish machine. The accommodation is located near many restaurants and shops, 5mn walk from the metro stations “Vaugirard” (Line 12) and “Plaisance” (Line 13), 10 mn walk from the station Pasteur (Line 6), and 10 mn walk from the Train station “Montparnasse”. You will reach Eiffel Tour after 25mn walk, and “Saint Germain” in 20 mn with the Bus number 95 which station is nearby. 	"The  apartment is located on the 4th F of a modern Parisian building: 1 living room, 1 Bedroom, 1 full equip kitchen. WI FI & TV Renovated 1Y ago, it is well located: *5mn from stations “Vaugirard”&""Plaisance"" *10mn from ""Pasteur""&""Montparnasse"" The kitchen is fully equipped with: microwave, wash machine, dish machine. The accommodation is located near many restaurants and shops, 5mn walk from the metro stations “Vaugirard” (Line 12) and “Plaisance” (Line 13), 10 mn walk from the station Pasteur (Line 6), and 10 mn walk from the Train station “Montparnasse”. You will reach Eiffel Tour after 25mn walk, and “Saint Germain” in 20 mn with the Bus number 95 which station is nearby. You will have full free Internet WIFI connection, and a TV with many channels, including “Canal +” and “Be In”. Proche de 3 lignes de métros différentes Idéalement située tout près de centres d'intérêts comme : Montparnasse, La Tour Eiffel, Saint Germain Métros ligne 12 (Convention), ligne 13 (Plaisance), ligne 6"
12532	DISPONIBLE DU (phone number hidden) AU (phone number hidden)	  2 pièces tout équipé pour 4 personnes avec parking. Face parc des expositions et proche aquaboulvard dans résidence avec services. Accès disneyland facile . Logement disponible exclusivement du (phone number hidden) au (phone number hidden)              DISPONIBLE DU (phone number hidden) AU (phone number hidden)
12533	Close to emblematic touristic places in Paris.: Eiffel tower, Champs de Mars, Invalides, ecole Militaire. Really quiet appartment, lot of stores, restaurants and bars.	Nice flat, 8 min walking to Eiffel Tower. Quartier  La motte Picquet - Cambronne. really good located, multiple transports (3 metro lines M6, M8, M10 &  bus 80), commerce, restaurants ... however a calm place on 3 floor. in case of questions, Do not hesitate to contact me. I speak English, French and Spanish.
12534	1 bedroom apt with king size and elevator, on the 1st floor in a quiet courtyard. The kitchen is fully equipped: ceramic hob, oven, refrigerator, espresso machine, food processor, toaster. Bathroom with large shower, towels available. The 15th district is rich in charming restaurants and bistros, many parks: Saint Lambert square, park André Citroên, Brassens Park ... Ideal for events at Exhibition Porte de Versailles. Internet access and stellite (Canal +). Apple TV with the TV in the bedroom.	Located not far from the Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars and the Trocadero. Subway line 8 (Boucicaut) and 12 (Convention): 3 minutes on foot  Residential area with shops, restaurants, coffee shops and attractions all within walking distance. 1 bedroom apt with king size and elevator, on the 1st floor in a quiet courtyard. The kitchen is fully equipped: ceramic hob, oven, refrigerator, espresso machine, food processor, toaster. Bathroom with large shower, towels available. The 15th district is rich in charming restaurants and bistros, many parks: Saint Lambert square, park André Citroên, Brassens Park ... Ideal for events at Exhibition Porte de Versailles. Internet access and stellite (Canal +). Apple TV with the TV in the bedroom. Subway station 3 minutes on foot: Boucicaut (line 8) or Convention (line 12) Bus 62: 50 meters on foot Tram 10 minutes on foot: Porte de Versailles T2 All amenities nearby: bakery around the corner, Franprix supermarket to 3 minutes, shops restaurants, wine bar a
12535	attention cette appartement ne comporte pas le confort moderne les wc sont sur le palier (réservé uniquement pour l'appartement) et il est équipé d'une douche pliante cependant il est agréable, et typiquement parisien.	Situé à coté de la Tour Eiffel dans un cadre verdoyant. Il comporte une pièce principale : un lit mezzanine double et un canapé lit. un dressing, un coin cuisine, une douche pliante, et les wc sont sur le palier (privé pour l'appartement) attention cette appartement ne comporte pas le confort moderne les wc sont sur le palier (réservé uniquement pour l'appartement) et il est équipé d'une douche pliante cependant il est agréable, et typiquement parisien. oui je peux leurs apporter mon aide Trés proche de la tour Eiffel avec son grand parc le Champs de Mars métro ligne 6,8,10 et RER ligne C Bus : (phone number hidden)
12536		Appartement accueillant (35m2) dans le 15ème arrondissement, à proximité de Montparnasse et de la porte de Versailles. Métro à moins de 5 minutes. Quartier calme. Cuisine équipée, canapé-lit dans le salon, chambre indépendante. Jusqu'à 4 personnes. Accès à tous les équipements de l'appartement : -  cuisine équipée (frigo, four / micro-onde, bouilloire, ustensiles de cuisine) - machine à laver - TV - internet (avec wifi) Remise des clés en personne, par un ami ou dans un commerce de proximité sinon. Joignable par téléphone portable (appel et message, par Viber, WhatsApp si besoin) et mail pendant la durée du séjour et disponible pour des renseignements/conseils sur le quartier. Square Saint-Lambert à moins de 5 minutes. Quartiers Convention et Commerce à proximité. Possibilité de faire des courses à 3 minutes à pied (Carrefour City, Leader Price). Moins de 5 minutes à pied de la ligne 12 (arrêts Vaugirard et Convention) qui permet d'aller à Montparnasse et Saint-Lazare. Moins de 10 minu
12537	2 rooms clean and very sunny :  - 1 quite big livingroom  - 1 kitchen with dishwasher, owen and microowen - 1 bedroom,  - 1 large bathroom with bath and washing machine The flat and neighbourhood is very quiet and there are many restaurants not so far.	2 rooms flat renovated this year. Take advantage of its full equipped kitchen and its closeness with the subway (3 min by foot to Pasteur subway  - lines 6 and 12) 2 rooms clean and very sunny :  - 1 quite big livingroom  - 1 kitchen with dishwasher, owen and microowen - 1 bedroom,  - 1 large bathroom with bath and washing machine The flat and neighbourhood is very quiet and there are many restaurants not so far. Neighbourhood very quiet but easy access to more touristic places Distance by metro direct thanks to line 6 : - Arc de triomphe and champs elysées 12 minutes - Effeil tower and champs de mars 8 minutes Paris center reachable very easily by metro : métro Pasteur (métro Line 6 & 12) and close to Montparnasse (train station @ 12 min walking)
12538	Nice studio located inside a closed building with a little patio in the middle. Very quiet and really nice and safe neighborhood. You even can see the Eiffel Tower when you go out of the main building. There are two windows for a place of 24 square meter so it is naturally lightening during the day. 	Nice quiet studio; well-organized : kitchen, bathroom and main room. Close to all commodities : public transports , restaurants, shops. And ten minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine docks. Nice studio located inside a closed building with a little patio in the middle. Very quiet and really nice and safe neighborhood. You even can see the Eiffel Tower when you go out of the main building. There are two windows for a place of 24 square meter so it is naturally lightening during the day. There is two doors for the main building and one for the studio. It's pretty safe. You don't need to take upstairs because the studio is on the first floor. I might be there for welcoming you the first day and give you all detail for enjoying your stay. I can give you advice and tips. You can find everything around the studio. You have a pub and an Alsatian bakery up on the street. Then, on the perpendicular street you have restaurants, fruit and vegetables shop, butcher's, fish shop, cheese
12539		15ème, Bir Hakeim 100 m², 4 pièces, meublé, double séjour (canapé convertible 2P), salle à manger, 2 chambres, cuisine équipée, SdB/baignoire/douche, 2 WC séparés. Vue Tour Eiffel. Piscine au dernier étage. Ascenseur. Proche métro/bus/commerces.
12540		Bel appartement fonctionnel et lumineux. Équipé et meublé tout confort avec Wifi. Vue Panoramique sur Seine et Toits de Paris. Centre commercial, métro, proche Tour Eiffel, parfait pour un couple au voyageur seul qui veut découvrir Paris.
12541		2 rooms flat located in the 15th district (between Commerce and Vaugirard), close to the center. There is a living room with a couch, a dining table, and a huge TV (50-inch); a bedroom with a double bed and a wardrobe; a kitchen; a shower room; and a
12542		The flat has just been renovated and is like brand new. Located near the Eiffel tower and Ecole militaire. Fantastic location to visit Paris (tube station 100 meters away). The flat has a double living room, two double bedrooms, two bathrooms and a kitchen. In addition we also have a long balcony to enjoy the sun. Plenty of Parisian restaurants and bistrots on the adjacent street.
12543	Bel appartement spacieux typiquement parisien en plein coeur du très célèbre quartier de Montparnasse et à deux pas du romantique quartier Saint Germain.  Vous trouverez confort, espace et tranquillité dans cet appartement style année 30 pour profiter de votre séjour dans les quartiers trépidants de Montparnasse et Saint Germain.  Les pièces sont volumineuses et très agréables à vivre. Le séjour (30m²) comporte une partie salon et une partie salle à manger.  La grande chambre sur cour (20 m²) avec un lit double est silencieuse et harmonieuse. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire et les wc sont séparés. La cuisine très lumineuse est entièrement équipée (frigo, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge).  L'appartement est idéal pour un couple et peut accueillir 3 à 4 personnes grâce au canapé-lit pour 1 à 2 personnes dans le salon. L'appartement a été refait à neuf il y a 18 mois. Il se situe au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Nous sommes proches de 3 stations de métro : Montparnasse-	Bel appartement spacieux typiquement parisien en plein coeur du très célèbre quartier de Montparnasse et à deux pas du romantique quartier Saint Germain.  Vous trouverez confort, espace et tranquillité dans cet appartement style année 30 pour profiter de votre séjour dans les quartiers trépidants de Montparnasse et Saint Germain.  Les pièces sont volumineuses et très agréables à vivre. Le séjour (30m²) comporte une partie salon et une partie salle à manger.  La grande chambre sur cour (20 m²) avec un lit double est silencieuse et harmonieuse. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire et les wc sont séparés. La cuisine très lumineuse est entièrement équipée (frigo, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge).  L'appartement est idéal pour un couple et peut accueillir 3 à 4 personnes grâce au canapé-lit pour 1 à 2 personnes dans le salon. L'appartement a été refait à neuf il y a 18 mois. Il se situe au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Nous sommes proches de 3 stations de métro : Montparnasse-
12544	Bien placé pour rejoindre les quartiers touristiques et idéal pour un séjour en couple ou en famille	Charmant deux pièces près du Parc Georges Brassens et du marché des livres anciens. Près de nombreux commerces et desservi par le métro Plaisance, tram et Bus 95 et 89.  Sis au premier étage d'une petite copropriété, dans un parfait état. Bien placé pour rejoindre les quartiers touristiques et idéal pour un séjour en couple ou en famille Mail ou téléphone Quartier calme et sympa pour ses petits commerces et maisons de ville. Le Parc Georges Brassens est un atout. Le marché du livre ancien qui a lieu le weekend donne au quartier une empreinte culturelle intéressante. Metro Plaisance (ligne 13) ou Convention (ligne 12), bus 95 ou 89, tram (Brancion ou Georges Brassens)
12545	City-House, very quiet place in a paved court. The court is used for 2 city-houses, and is beyond a building so that you cannot see the houses from the street and appreciate the calm.  The house has 3 big windows and 4 Velux, that make the house quite bright. The surface area is around 50 m2, mezzanine included.  The house is composed of a kitchen, a bathroom and toilets, one bedroom with a bed, one bedroom for a baby (no picture) on the mezzanine, a living room with a diner table, and a sofa on which 2 people can sleep (mattress for a daily use) Regarding appliances, you will find : Internet, dishwasher, washing machine, clothes dryer, oven, microwave. We can also let baby appliances at your disposal if you need it, please contact me if you are interested.    It is quite easy to do shopping around : Groceries, supermarket, and boulangeries are 5 minutes by walk. You can find also 2 shopping street 5 minutes by walk: one shopping street for clothes, one for groceries (butcher, patisser	City-House, very quiet place in a paved court. The court is used for 2 city-houses, and is beyond a building so that you cannot see the houses from the street and appreciate the calm.  The house has 3 big windows and 4 Velux, that make the house quite bright. The surface area is around 50 m2, mezzanine included.  The house is composed of a kitchen, a bathroom and toilets, one bedroom with a bed, one bedroom for a baby (no picture) on the mezzanine, a living room with a diner table, and a sofa on which 2 people can sleep (mattress for a daily use) Regarding appliances, you will find : Internet, dishwasher, washing machine, clothes dryer, oven, microwave. We can also let baby appliances at your disposal if you need it, please contact me if you are interested.    It is quite easy to do shopping around : Groceries, supermarket, and boulangeries are 5 minutes by walk. You can find also 2 shopping street 5 minutes by walk: one shopping street for clothes, one for groceries (butcher, patisser
12546	Bien situé, propre, charmant, quartier très bien fréquenté	Charmant appartement de 2 pièces, 35m² au 2ème étage d'un petit immeuble calme. Confortable, propre et idéalement situé entre Convention et Porte de Versailles, quartier très bien fréquenté, proche de tous commerces ainsi que des transports en commun Bien situé, propre, charmant, quartier très bien fréquenté Ensemble de l'appartement Arrivée le dimanche soir ou le lundi avant 11h pour une visite de l'appartement Proche du Parc des expositions, commerces à proximité, marché le mardi/jeudi et dimanche Métro, Bus, Tramway, Vélib, Taxi
12547	You'll find a very spacious and bright apartment on the third floor without elevator. I tried to decorate it as if it was a picture of my personality, with pictures of friends, graphic and design books, drums on the room, clothes on the wall, paintings by friends, vinyls, souvenirs from each country I've been,  etc. There are a bed for a couple in the room, a sofa bed for another couple or children and I can have a bed for one person if you need to.	New and cosy, quiet and lighty, near to a shopping area (Rennes street), very close from the subway and Montparnasse train station. 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 furnished kitchen and 1 bath room. For one to four people. You'll find a very spacious and bright apartment on the third floor without elevator. I tried to decorate it as if it was a picture of my personality, with pictures of friends, graphic and design books, drums on the room, clothes on the wall, paintings by friends, vinyls, souvenirs from each country I've been,  etc. There are a bed for a couple in the room, a sofa bed for another couple or children and I can have a bed for one person if you need to. You'll have access to the entire apartment for you, with your own keys. Sheets , towels , shampoo soap are available. It's forbidden to smoke inside the apartment. Please do not move and touch the drums. I remain at your disposal and I'll be not so far from the apartment in case you need anything. It's a quiet neighborhood wh
12548	Brand new, modern and stylish apartement in the heart of Paris. - Large bedroom with a king size bed, a TV and a spacious closet where you will find some space for your belongings.  - Bathroom with some space to store your belongings and nice shower that has three types of water-jets.  - Very functional kitchen where you will be able to cook if you want to : there all the dishes you need, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a fridge, a oven and two coffee machines.  - Spacious living room with another TV, a very nice sound system, a convertible sofa and a table that can get bigger if you want to have dinner on it.	Brand new, modern and stylish apartement in the heart of Paris. - Large bedroom with a king size bed, a TV and a spacious closet where you will find some space for your belongings.  - Bathroom with some space to store your belongings and nice shower that has three types of water-jets.  - Very functional kitchen where you will be able to cook if you want to : there all the dishes you need, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a fridge, a oven and two coffee machines.  - Spacious living room with another TV, a very nice sound system, a convertible sofa and a table that can get bigger if you want to have dinner on it. Towels if you need some, basics for cooking, wifi access, a proper sound system, a printer, etc.  If I'm in Paris during your stay and if I have time to do so, I will be happy to assist you, as I live very close to the flat, by showing you around the neighborhood and giving you some tips if you want to.  If I'm not there, I will always be available via e-mail or telephone to ans
12549	Very pleasant and comfortable space, perfect for two people.  Ideally located to visit or revisit Paris, thanks to the many transport connections (bus, metro). Access secured with two digicodes.  - Equipped kitchen : micro-wave oven, gaz, cooking ustensils, fridge, etc. - Bathroom with a shower and sink - Sofa bed - Bed sheets and towels included Located on the 3rd floor - without elevator.	Cozy and functional 30sq. meter appartment ideally located - close to Pasteur station (lines 6 & 12) 10mn walk from Montparnasse & 15mn from the Eiffel Tower by subway. Close to all facilities - Lively but safe neighbourhood. Very pleasant and comfortable space, perfect for two people.  Ideally located to visit or revisit Paris, thanks to the many transport connections (bus, metro). Access secured with two digicodes.  - Equipped kitchen : micro-wave oven, gaz, cooking ustensils, fridge, etc. - Bathroom with a shower and sink - Sofa bed - Bed sheets and towels included Located on the 3rd floor - without elevator.
12550		Appartement spacieux. Proche des métros ligne 6,8,10 + de la Tour Eiffel dans un quartier vivant avec restaurants et magasins à proximité. Cet appartement est le pied-à-terre idéal pour votre visite à Paris.  Parfait pour famille ou jeunes en visite
12551		Un studio calme à Paris pour un repos bien méritée après une journée dans le capitale. Composé d'une pièce à vivre avec un lit en duplex, un canapé lit en bas, fauteuil et pouf composant le salon, un petit coin déjeuner, une cuisine séparée.
12552		Très joli deux pièces, lumineux , dans quartier commerçant .  Cuisine avec bar américain ouvert sur salon .  Chambre calme , vue sur la Tour Eiffel .  Proche  transports (1 min à pied ligne 10 -6 , 15 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Coup de cœur assuré !
12553	Appartment full of life with television, Internet, Big Kitchen & Fridge Bathroom with bath and washing machine Big Living Room with Bed&Sofa extremely comfortable Balcony like an L Where you will enjoy Parisian breakfast and dinner !	"Huge Studio In front of the South With shops, People and street markets like the center of Paris Everything is easily reachable, Welcome Home ! Appartment full of life with television, Internet, Big Kitchen & Fridge Bathroom with bath and washing machine Big Living Room with Bed&Sofa extremely comfortable Balcony like an L Where you will enjoy Parisian breakfast and dinner ! The furniture in the living room will be closed otherwise full access ! Check In  Check Out A person will be able to help by phone The Area is like the real center of Paris with shops, street markets and people. Everything is easily reachable : you will love the place, I promise Metro Line 8 Tram at ""Sèvres"" Gate Bus everywhere"
12554	"2 pièces confortable, calme et bien agencé. Au pied de la ligne 8 station ""commerce"", ce qui en fait un point de chute idéal pour découvrir les richesses de Paris. Egalement au pied d'une station Vélib. Tout les commerces sont à proximité (supermarché, boulangerie, traiteurs, poste, laverie...). La rue du commerce est une des rues les plus commerçantes de paris.  L'immeuble est équipé avec un interphone et un code d'entrée. L'appartement se trouve au deuxième étage sans ascenseur mais l'escalier n'est pas trop difficile à monter. Entrée  Le petit hall d'entrée dessert : le salon, la chambre, la salle de bain. Salon  Cette pièce est équipée avec : un canapé lit de très bonne qualité, une télévision (chaîne câblées), un lecteur DVD et une table basse. Cuisine  C'est une cuisine américaine ouverte donnant sur le salon. Elle dispose d'une petite fenêtre sur la rue. Cette pièce est équipée avec : un bar et 4 tabourets, un réfrigérateur, des plaques électriques, un vrai four, un four micro-o"	"2 pièces confortable, calme et bien agencé. Au pied de la ligne 8 station ""commerce"", ce qui en fait un point de chute idéal pour découvrir les richesses de Paris. Egalement au pied d'une station Vélib. Tout les commerces sont à proximité (supermarché, boulangerie, traiteurs, poste, laverie...). La rue du commerce est une des rues les plus commerçantes de paris.  L'immeuble est équipé avec un interphone et un code d'entrée. L'appartement se trouve au deuxième étage sans ascenseur mais l'escalier n'est pas trop difficile à monter. Entrée  Le petit hall d'entrée dessert : le salon, la chambre, la salle de bain. Salon  Cette pièce est équipée avec : un canapé lit de très bonne qualité, une télévision (chaîne câblées), un lecteur DVD et une table basse. Cuisine  C'est une cuisine américaine ouverte donnant sur le salon. Elle dispose d'une petite fenêtre sur la rue. Cette pièce est équipée avec : un bar et 4 tabourets, un réfrigérateur, des plaques électriques, un vrai four, un four micro-o"
12555	The appartement is 23m2, ideally for 2 persons. Hope you will enjoy your stay. Ideally located for visiting Paris, the studio is located close to the Georges Brassens park.  In the Kitchen: Plates, Kettle, Freezer, Cutlery, Fridge, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Microwave, Kitchenware, Glassware... TV ...	Studio fully refurbished. Sofa bed 2places.  Kitchen, microwave, coffee machine and all the necessary to cook. A bathroom with shower. The appartement is 23m2, ideally for 2 persons. Hope you will enjoy your stay. Ideally located for visiting Paris, the studio is located close to the Georges Brassens park.  In the Kitchen: Plates, Kettle, Freezer, Cutlery, Fridge, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Microwave, Kitchenware, Glassware... TV ... Feel free to write us, we will help you with your stay.  Easy access to the apartment, bus is leaving from Montparnasse train station.
12556	Surface de 36 m2 environ, situé dans une impasse calme du 15ème arrondissement. Proche de tous les commerces et de nombreux transports.  	Beautiful room, nice entrance, separated kitchen, bathroom and toilets. Fully equiped, in the 15th district, 15/20 mns to join St Germain des Près or the Eiffel Tower. Many stores and transportation. Feel at home in a part of our flat.  NON SMOKING Subway : Line 6/10/12 bus: 39/70/80
12557	Spacieux et lumineux	Appartement avec 1 chambre accessible et 1 un double séjour spacieux et lumineux dans quartier très commerçant à proximité de la tour eiffel Spacieux et lumineux tv wifi four lave vaisselle lave linge Tres nombreux commerces et boutiques Metro a proximite, arret bus a 50m
12558		Petit nid douillet magnifiquement placé à 3 min du Champs de Mars; très bien desservi (bus, métro, velib), belle vie de quartier!! Sans aucun doute, l'endroit le plus intéressant du 15ème arr. avec marché animé sous le métro aérien mer et dim   
12559		Bel appartement sans vis à vis de 44 m² comprenant un vrai lit (2 places) et un lit d'appoint. Cuisine toute équipée (four, plaques...), salle de bains, WC séparés et grand séjour lumineux. Très proche transports (métros, bus et tram) et commerces.
12560	Nice and comfortable apartment for 4 people.Equiped kitchen, bathroom with big shower,internet access Wi Fi, TV set HD. Fresh linen and towels provided. It is located in a prestigious and calm, mostly residential and traditional Parisian neighborhood. It is placed in a little walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, House of Japan, and to the well-known Bir Hakeim Bridge over the Seine River where you find one of the best view of the left bank . There is a next door supermarket many restaurants, and nice pubs and cafes in the area regularly and mostly frequented by tourists, artists and young people.  The nearest metro station is  Bir Hakeim (line 6), (45 yards) which cross the Seine River and connect you to the most important points of interest, and at the same distance you found the train station RER Champs de Mars - Tour Eiffel Line C, which go to the Chateau de Versailles. 	Nice and comfortable apartment for 4 people.Equiped kitchen, bathroom with big shower,internet access Wi Fi, TV set HD. Fresh linen and towels provided. Nice and comfortable apartment for 4 people.Equiped kitchen, bathroom with big shower,internet access Wi Fi, TV set HD. Fresh linen and towels provided. It is located in a prestigious and calm, mostly residential and traditional Parisian neighborhood. It is placed in a little walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, House of Japan, and to the well-known Bir Hakeim Bridge over the Seine River where you find one of the best view of the left bank . There is a next door supermarket many restaurants, and nice pubs and cafes in the area regularly and mostly frequented by tourists, artists and young people.  The nearest metro station is  Bir Hakeim (line 6), (45 yards) which cross the Seine River and connect you to the most important points of interest, and at the same distance you found the train station RER Champs de Mars - Tour Eiffel Line C,
12561	Cozy appartment at the 6th floor of a beautiful building with an elevator, with 2 bedrooms and 1 living with a fitted kitchen and a relax couch. And there is also a balcony for  you sunny breakfasts ! There is also WiFi and all satellite channels	Bright and airy flat, located in a lovely neighborhood, close to many sights (Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Seine river) bistros, bars, strolling areas, several transport options (Métros 6, 8, 10). Cozy appartment at the 6th floor of a beautiful building with an elevator, with 2 bedrooms and 1 living with a fitted kitchen and a relax couch. And there is also a balcony for  you sunny breakfasts ! There is also WiFi and all satellite channels All the appartment
12562	Very nice and renovated Haussmannian flat, luminous, calm, composed of a large 28m² living room with an open fully equipped kitchen (oven, micro-wave, toaster, plates inductions, kettle), a nice bedroom (Simmons bedding), a bathroom (large shower) and separated WC. Very high speed Wifi connection (fiber 1 gbps) TV (+300 channels) Dishwasher Washing machine Air bed possible for a third person in the living room.	Beautiful renovated Hassmannian flat, composed of a large living room (28m²) with fully equipped open kitchen, a nice bedroom, a bathroom (large shower ) and toilet. Wifi, TV 150 meters from Vaugirard subway station and many shops Very nice and renovated Haussmannian flat, luminous, calm, composed of a large 28m² living room with an open fully equipped kitchen (oven, micro-wave, toaster, plates inductions, kettle), a nice bedroom (Simmons bedding), a bathroom (large shower) and separated WC. Very high speed Wifi connection (fiber 1 gbps) TV (+300 channels) Dishwasher Washing machine Air bed possible for a third person in the living room. 15th district and more particularly the Convention - Vaugirard one is a pretty quiet and family neighborhood. It has the advantage of hosting very many shops (rue de la Convention and its food shops , Vaugirard street, Commerce Street for clothing), a pretty food market 3 days a week and some good restaurants. Touristics places (by transport): Tour Eif
12563	You'll have a living room, a dining room, a fully equipped kitchen with a small balcony on the courtyard, two bathrooms. Two rooms overlook the courtyard. You will also have the TV, high speed Internet, DVD player, HIFI.	Large apartment with high ceilings, mouldings and wooden floors, 3 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 dining room, 1 office, 1 kitchen with a balcony, 2 bathrooms, 2 rest rooms, located in a quiet street in a vibrant neighborhood close to the Eiffel Tower. Three double beds in the bedrooms and a sofa bed in the living room. You'll have a living room, a dining room, a fully equipped kitchen with a small balcony on the courtyard, two bathrooms. Two rooms overlook the courtyard. You will also have the TV, high speed Internet, DVD player, HIFI. Three major subway lines 6, 8 and 10 at the foot of the building allow you to move quickly in all tourist sites of Paris. A family member or a third party service if no welcome you and can advise you for your discovery of Paris. The area is both peaceful and vibrant, with many bars, restaurants, shops, markets (Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday) and wide tree-lined avenues; the Champ-de-Mars gardens at 100 meters enable ballads, picnic lunch, table tennis, basket
12564	Appartement traversant contemporain.  1 cuisine indépendante avec lave-linge, sèche linge, four, plaques électriques, machine Nespresso, bouilloire électrique, réfrigérateur. 1 salon / salle à manger canapé, table basse, TV, Table. 1 chambre côté jardin avec lit haut de gamme 160x200. 1 chambre côté rue avec clic-clac 2 pers (si plus de 2 personnes)  1 grande salle de bain avec WC + 1 WC indépendant. Balcon en longueur côté rue.  4ème étage avec 1 ascenseur. Appartement non fumeur, pas d'animaux acceptés.	Appartement grand confort de 70 m2, lumineux traversant au 4ème étage (ascenseur) Idealement situé 15ème- proche métro La Motte Piquet, 1 chambre côté Jardin, 1 chambre côté rue, 1 grand salle de bain-WC + 1 WC indépendant, Cuisine équipée. Appartement traversant contemporain.  1 cuisine indépendante avec lave-linge, sèche linge, four, plaques électriques, machine Nespresso, bouilloire électrique, réfrigérateur. 1 salon / salle à manger canapé, table basse, TV, Table. 1 chambre côté jardin avec lit haut de gamme 160x200. 1 chambre côté rue avec clic-clac 2 pers (si plus de 2 personnes)  1 grande salle de bain avec WC + 1 WC indépendant. Balcon en longueur côté rue.  4ème étage avec 1 ascenseur. Appartement non fumeur, pas d'animaux acceptés. Location de l'appartement entier. Accès à la grande chambre pour 2 personnes et la chambre côté rue si 3eme personne. ( pas accès aux placards personnels) Disponible avant et pendant le séjour par (website hidden) serai pas présente pendant le séjo
12565	The flat is full if light from the morning to the evening, you can enjoy comfortable furniture, books and photographies, musical touches, and a balcony full of plants!	Welcome to my home! A flat full of light with a great view of Paris that you can enjoy from the huge balcony from morning to evening. This home reflects my passions for music, photography and design, with luxury The flat is full if light from the morning to the evening, you can enjoy comfortable furniture, books and photographies, musical touches, and a balcony full of plants! You have access to the entire flat, including the living room, the kitchen, the room, the bathroom and the balcony. I'll be happy to talk directly with you should you need any advice for places to go.  In any case, a welcome book will bring you all the information about the flat and the area. The flat is located at two minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower and the Cham de Mars, in a street full of fashion stores, food shops and nice restaurants and cafés. This area is perfect to enjoy the parisian life! The flat is at one minute walking from a metro station (3 lines), buses, a taxi station and a bikes renting (ve
12566	Situé à l'ouest de Paris dans un quartier très chic et calme proche de la Tour Eiffel , des Invalides et de l École Militaire. L'appartement est sous les toits au 6eme étage sans ascenseur. Un digicode extérieur donne accès au hall de l'immeuble  Exposé plein sud vous serez baigné de lumière et de soleil du lever au coucher du soleil. 2 appareils de ventilation sont à disposition  La vue dégagée au dessus des arbres des balcons du salon et de la chambre à coucher vous séduiront. L'appartement est extrêmement calme. Le logement comprend 2 pièces dont une chambre à coucher avec un lit 2 places. La salle de bain et la cuisine sont indépendantes. Desservis par 2 stations de métro : Station : Ségur (10) à 50m et Sèvres Lecourbes (6) à 200m Vous trouverez de très nombreux commerces à proximité dont un supermarché ouvert jusqu'à minuit	Très charmant 2 pièces, très calme et lumineux, de 40m2 avec 3 balcons (1m2) sous les toits au 6eme et dernier étage, sans ascenseur. Salle de bain et cuisine indépendante. Tour Eiffel à 10 mn Métro :  Ségur (L10) à 50m et Sèvres Lecourbe (L6) à 200m Nombreux commerces à proximité. Situé à l'ouest de Paris dans un quartier très chic et calme proche de la Tour Eiffel , des Invalides et de l École Militaire. L'appartement est sous les toits au 6eme étage sans ascenseur. Un digicode extérieur donne accès au hall de l'immeuble  Exposé plein sud vous serez baigné de lumière et de soleil du lever au coucher du soleil. 2 appareils de ventilation sont à disposition  La vue dégagée au dessus des arbres des balcons du salon et de la chambre à coucher vous séduiront. L'appartement est extrêmement calme. Le logement comprend 2 pièces dont une chambre à coucher avec un lit 2 places. La salle de bain et la cuisine sont indépendantes. Desservis par 2 stations de métro : Station : Ségur (10) à 50m et 
12567	Ce charmant appartement est idéal pour profiter de votre séjour à Paris. Au coeur de ce quartier vivant, vous serez entièrement immergé dans le quotidien de la vie parisienne. This charming apartment is ideal to enjoy your stay in Paris. At the heart of this lively neighborhood , you will be fully immersed in the daily Parisian life. 	Ce charmant appartement est idéal pour profiter de votre séjour à Paris. Au coeur de ce quartier vivant, vous serez entièrement immergé dans le quotidien de la vie parisienne. This charming apartment is ideal to enjoy your stay in Paris. At the heart of this lively neighborhood , you will be fully immersed in the daily Parisian life. Lors de votre séjour, l'appartement entier est à votre disposition/ During your stay , the whole apartment is available . It is equipped with :  - Micro-onde/microwave - Four/oven - Réfrigérateur/refrigerator - Plaques de cuisson/Hot plate - Nespresso - Bouilloire/ kettle - Grille pain/toaster - Machine à laver/Washing machine - Lave-vaisselle/dishwasher - TV & Internet (wifi) Nous pourrons transmettre aux voyageurs les bonnes adresses et bons plans aussi bien du quartier que de Paris. We can pass on to travelers the best addresses and tips as well as the neighborhood of Paris. Ce quartier agréable et vivant vous offrira tout le confort de la vie parisienn
12568	Small, charming and cute sunny NON SMOKING 10 m2 studio with a mezzanine located on the ground floor of a small building in a very quiet street close to Montparnasse train station, only 2 metrostops from the Conference hall (Porte de Versailles) and right next to Institut Pasteur. 10 minutes away from  Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower and  Saint Germain, it is ideal for a short stay on tight budget whether for business or leisure.  Metro station Volontaires, line 12 or Pasteur line 6, bus stop and Velib stations are around the corner,. A lovely park and several restaurants and cafés as well as 2 supermarkets are just 50m away. The studio is equipped with a boiler, oven and hob. There is also a shower, a sofa bed for 2 and a single bed on the mezzanine. Although the toilet is located outside the studio, but it is privately used by the tenant. WIFI is available for free! No need to carry heavy luggage and climb stairs!!	Small, charming and cute sunny NON SMOKING 10 m2 studio with a mezzanine located on the ground floor of a small building in a very quiet street close to Montparnasse train station, only 2 metrostops from the Conference hall (Porte de Versailles) and right next to Institut Pasteur. 10 minutes away from  Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower and  Saint Germain, it is ideal for a short stay on tight budget whether for business or leisure.  Metro station Volontaires, line 12 or Pasteur line 6, bus stop and Velib stations are around the corner,. A lovely park and several restaurants and cafés as well as 2 supermarkets are just 50m away. The studio is equipped with a boiler, oven and hob. There is also a shower, a sofa bed for 2 and a single bed on the mezzanine. Although the toilet is located outside the studio, but it is privately used by the tenant. WIFI is available for free! No need to carry heavy luggage and climb stairs!!
12569		Typical Parisian 1 bedroom apartment with high ceilings, wooden floors and plenty of light. The apartment has just been repainted, so feels modern and clean. Centrally located in a quiet building, next to the beautiful 6th arrondissement. Close to metro lines 6, 10, 12 and 13 as well as plenty of buses. Easy access to the Eiffel Tower on line 6 (10 minutes metro ride). You can also walk to Gare Montparnasse if you want to go to Versailles or further out of Paris.
12570		Our 2 bedroom flat is very conviniently located in the 15th district if Paris. It is well connected to every area of Paris, as metro line 10 and metro line 8 are very close. It's living room overlooking the communal garden will let you enjoy peace
12571	The sun-drenched terrace with its lovely view of Georges Brassens Park is ideal for sunbathing and gives you the feeling of living with nature in the city.	Modern (55 m2) flat with sunny terrace overlooking Georges Brassens Park, fully-equipped kitchen, living/dining room with twin bed, spacious bedroom with queen-sized futon and tatami, bathroom with tub and shower, toilet, 4th floor with lift. The sun-drenched terrace with its lovely view of Georges Brassens Park is ideal for sunbathing and gives you the feeling of living with nature in the city. Security building with access code and gardienne. I will meet you at the apartment upon your arrival. Conveniently located near shops, cafes, restaurants and transportation.  One of the best outdoor markets in Paris (a gourmet's delight) is found only a block away on the rue de la Convention every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday. Right across the street you can take bus line 89 to Montparnasse, St. Germain des Pres, Luxembourg gardens and the Pantheon. A couple of blocks from the apartment you'll find bus line 95 which takes a very scenic route through the heart of Paris crossing the Seine with a 
12572		Appartement 2 pièces clair, lumineux et fonctionnel. Chambre séparée avec grand lit double, salon avec clic-clac. Cuisine, salle de bain et toilettes séparées. Ascenseur. Wifi.
12573	Unique charming 2-floor apartment in Paris 15th arrondissement, recently refurbished. Ideal for families with 1-2 young children (up to 10 yr old) and/or one baby. 75 sqm 3 small bedrooms: - parental room (kingbed) with ensuite bathroom (shower) & toilets on 8th floor; nice view on Eiffel Tower. - baby room (crib bed) on 7th floor  - children room (bunk bed) on 7th floor Laundry room Total 3 toilets and 2 bathrooms Space very well optimized. Lots of light (last floors, South East orientation), very quiet. Contemporary modern style - zen atmosphere. Quite and well maintained Condo with about 15 landlords/tenants. 200m from Vaugirard Metro station., 50m from nearest Autolib and Velib' stations. Everything within 5min walking distance: groceries, coffee places, many restaurants, two cinemas, Saint-Lambert park. 	Centrally located 200 meters from subway &  all convenient shops, this place nicely fits a couple or family with young children (up to 3 kids  10-yr old). You will appreciate beautiful views over the Paris roofs & Eiffel tower. Unique charming 2-floor apartment in Paris 15th arrondissement, recently refurbished. Ideal for families with 1-2 young children (up to 10 yr old) and/or one baby. 75 sqm 3 small bedrooms: - parental room (kingbed) with ensuite bathroom (shower) & toilets on 8th floor; nice view on Eiffel Tower. - baby room (crib bed) on 7th floor  - children room (bunk bed) on 7th floor Laundry room Total 3 toilets and 2 bathrooms Space very well optimized. Lots of light (last floors, South East orientation), very quiet. Contemporary modern style - zen atmosphere. Quite and well maintained Condo with about 15 landlords/tenants. 200m from Vaugirard Metro station., 50m from nearest Autolib and Velib' stations. Everything within 5min walking distance: groceries, coffee places, man
12574		The apartment is composed of one bedroom with two people bed, a living room with an extra two people bed, kitchen, bathroom with bath, there is an elevator. 10 mn from Montparnasse, near Eiffel Tower and center. Métro Convention ou Porte de Versailles, ligne 12 ou T2/T3. Bus.
12575	Recently renovated, this flat is very bright and is located on the 5th floor without elevator. It is composed of one bedroom with view on the quiet yard, modern bathroom with WC, a little room overlooking the terrace and a large living room with full-equipped open kitchen. The private terrace makes this flat very pleasant to enjoy a lunch, be quiet or read a book. Plus, we can see a part of the Eiffel Tower, which is very magic by night !  Récemment rénové, cet appartement est très lumineux et est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Il est composé d'une chambre avec vue sur la cour qui est calme, d'une salle de bains moderne avec WC, d'une petite pièce donnant sur la terrasse et d'une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée. La terrasse privée rend cet appartement très agréable pour déjeuner, être tranquille ou lire un livre. De plus, nous pouvons voir une partie de la Tour Eiffel, ce qui est magique de nuit !	Charming flat in a safe and lively area of Paris, walking distance from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, this large two-room 50 m2 is ideal for a stay in Paris. It also benefits from a beautiful private terrace with view on a little yard. Recently renovated, this flat is very bright and is located on the 5th floor without elevator. It is composed of one bedroom with view on the quiet yard, modern bathroom with WC, a little room overlooking the terrace and a large living room with full-equipped open kitchen. The private terrace makes this flat very pleasant to enjoy a lunch, be quiet or read a book. Plus, we can see a part of the Eiffel Tower, which is very magic by night !  Récemment rénové, cet appartement est très lumineux et est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Il est composé d'une chambre avec vue sur la cour qui est calme, d'une salle de bains moderne avec WC, d'une petite pièce donnant sur la terrasse et d'une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte entièrement équip
12576		Idéalement situé! rue de Vaugirard, à proximité de tout commerce. Proximité de Porte de Versailles (3 stations du parc des Expositions, 2 Kms), à 2 Kms de la Tour Eiffel & du champ de Mars, 3 Kms des Invalides. Grand 2 pièce de 60m2, Très lumineux, cuisine Américaine, balcon filant, grand salon avec 2 canapés Lits doubles, une chambre avec salle de bain, toilettes séparées vue sur Tour Eiffel. Au 4ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur. Logement entier 1,7 Kms de la Gare Montparnasse 2 Kms de la Porte de Versailles (Parc des Expositions) 2 Kms de la Tour Eiffel & du champ de Mars 3 Kms des Invalides Réseau de Bus au pied de l'appartement, entre les stations de métro Volontaire et Vaugirard.
12577	L'appartement est situé au 6ème et dernier étage d'un petit immeuble avec ascenseur. La vue est dégagée et surplombe les terrasses des maisons, immeubles et chapelle voisins.  Il se compose d'une entrée couloir qui distribue à gauche les WC séparés et la salle de bain (cabine de douche et vasque et équipée des lave linge et sèche linge), et dessert au bout à gauche un petit salon (un canapé 2 places convertible, une télévision, une table, des chaises) et cuisine équipée (congélateur, réfrigérateur, four, plaques à induction, machine Nespresso, grille pain, lave vaisselle ...)  et à droite une chambre équipée d'un vrai lit, d'une commode, et de placards. Il a été rénové récemment et est en très bon état. Il est particulièrement indiqué pour deux voyageurs. Le salon cuisine est à notre sens trop petit pour accueillir une autre personne dans le canapé convertible mais cette possibilité reste offerte sans surcoût. Nous pouvons également mettre à disposition un lit enfant. Les draps, servie	Deux pièces 40 m2 lumineux, vue dégagée, parfait état bien équipé, situé dans un quartier commerçant et bien fréquenté au pied du métro Convention. Two rooms 40m2 bright, clear view, good state and equipment, food shopping aera, very safe, close to Convention métro station direct Montparnasse, Luxembourg, Champs Elysées, Montmartre. L'appartement est situé au 6ème et dernier étage d'un petit immeuble avec ascenseur. La vue est dégagée et surplombe les terrasses des maisons, immeubles et chapelle voisins.  Il se compose d'une entrée couloir qui distribue à gauche les WC séparés et la salle de bain (cabine de douche et vasque et équipée des lave linge et sèche linge), et dessert au bout à gauche un petit salon (un canapé 2 places convertible, une télévision, une table, des chaises) et cuisine équipée (congélateur, réfrigérateur, four, plaques à induction, machine Nespresso, grille pain, lave vaisselle ...)  et à droite une chambre équipée d'un vrai lit, d'une commode, et de placards. Il 
12578	Logement calme car donnant sur une cours avec de grands arbres sachant qu il n y a pas beaucoup d espaces verts à Paris 	Appartement lumineux, très bien situé proche de toutes commoditées, supérettes, boulangeries, fromagerie, restaurants... A 1 station de métro de la Tour Eiffel, 4 des Ch Élysées ,emplacement est idéal pour vos visites. Bus 42 jusqu à Gare du Nord  Logement calme car donnant sur une cours avec de grands arbres sachant qu il n y a pas beaucoup d espaces verts à Paris Wifi gratuit  Lit parapluie gratuit pour enfant de 0 à 4 ans Draps et serviettes fournis Le côté traditionnel qui fait petit village grace à tous les petits commençants de bouche Ligne 6 métro Dupleix Bus 42 de Gare du Nord 
12579	Well located and easily accessible (close to subway and bus) Close to St. Germain, Montparnasse and Rue de Rennes Spacious studio completely equipped you will enjoy your stay Fully equipped	Very nice studio of 35 m2 located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris close to Montparnasse, Rue de Rennes and Boulevard St Germain . Ideally for a couple with children or 4 adults Near subway and bus and shops Very friendly wine bar just opposite Well located and easily accessible (close to subway and bus) Close to St. Germain, Montparnasse and Rue de Rennes Spacious studio completely equipped you will enjoy your stay Fully equipped I will be able to advise and guide travelers. I know very well the area and can recommend their addresses and tips on Paris . Very flexible for check in and check out Very quiet area and near shops , restaurants, busy side street with a very nice wine bar almost opposite the building Close to the Montparnasse train station, the Saint Germain area and Rue de rennes Closest Metro : Plaisance (line 13) or Pasteur (line 6) Bus No. (89 ) Direct to Montparnasse
12580		Charming Paris flat for rent  situated close to Champs de Mars and Eiffel tower, in the thought-after Commerce area. Live here as a parisian, enjoying various cafés and brasseries, trendy bars and restaurants, typical shops (supermarkets, open market
12581	Standing Located on the 8th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a first coded-door and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment has a balcony equipped with a table for two and from where you will have an exceptional view on the Eiffel Tower, the Sacré Coeur, etc.. The view is just amazing, at night you will see the Eiffel Tower sparkling, you will love it ! Layout This lovely 37 sqm studio will be perfect for a couple. Should you be looking for a place for your honeymoon, this jewel will be the perfect spot ! The entrance gives on the main room through a small open corridor (where you will find a wardrobe to store your clothes). This room is very bright thanks to the large bay window. The main room has a living area with a coffee table and two armchairs.  The sleeping corner features a comfortable queen size bed (160x200). You will find two dining table : one inside, and another on the balcony. The view from the balcony is astonishing. Right in front of view 	Astonishing view in the Eiffel Tower from this lovely studio located two steps away from Montparnasse in Paris. Comfortable, luminous, romantic, perfect for honeymooners ! Standing Located on the 8th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a first coded-door and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment has a balcony equipped with a table for two and from where you will have an exceptional view on the Eiffel Tower, the Sacré Coeur, etc.. The view is just amazing, at night you will see the Eiffel Tower sparkling, you will love it ! Layout This lovely 37 sqm studio will be perfect for a couple. Should you be looking for a place for your honeymoon, this jewel will be the perfect spot ! The entrance gives on the main room through a small open corridor (where you will find a wardrobe to store your clothes). This room is very bright thanks to the large bay window. The main room has a living area with a coffee table and two armchairs.  The sleeping corner features a comf
12582		Charming studio flat in the center of prestigious 15th district, near Beaugrenelle, just moments away from the main Paris attractions: Eiffel tower, Champs de Mars or theSeine river. The perfect place to discover world's most beautiful city. Metro Ligne 10, ligne 6
12583	Vous disposerez de la totalité de l'appartement. Une entrée dessert une salle d'eau, une cuisine et deux pièces. Il convient pour 2 à 4 personnes. La literie et tous les équipements sont neufs.	L'appartement, avec parquet et moulures d'origine, vient d'être entièrement rénové. Il est situé au 2è étage d'un immeuble en pierre de taille dont les parties communes ont été refaites. Le quartier est familial et commerçant. Vous disposerez de la totalité de l'appartement. Une entrée dessert une salle d'eau, une cuisine et deux pièces. Il convient pour 2 à 4 personnes. La literie et tous les équipements sont neufs. L'appartement est à proximité des métros Convention et Porte de Versailles, une ligne de bus passe au pied de l'immeuble, le tramway est aussi tout proche. Nous restons à la disposition de nos hôtes en cas de problème. Un quartier familial, tous les commerces sont à proximité immédiate. Aucun problème de sécurité. L'appartement est situé entre les stations de métro Convention et Porte de Versailles. Une ligne de bus passe au pied de l'immeuble. Les lignes de Tramway T3 et T2 sont à proximité.
12584		This is a lovely apartment located in a lively neighborhood in Paris (15th district).The apartment is 83m2 (975 sq. ft) with a very large living room and two bedrooms, located in a beautiful building in Haussmannien Style (Typical old Paris style)
12585		Très belle chambre au coeur du 15 ème dans un dupleix de 110 m2 . L'appartement se compose d'un grand salon de 3 chambres, 2 salles de bain, une cuisine, et un espace rangement.
12586	This 35m² (or 376ft²) apartment is located in a beautiful building on Rue Mizon, in a prestigious and animated section of Paris 15th district, borderline with 6th district. It can accommodate up to 2 people, perfect for a couple.  Rue Mizon is only a 100m long street, very quiet. The buildings are beautiful, made by several renown architects belonging to same family. The apartment is bright, there are several windows with light coming from west, south and east.  It is located on the 6th floor and last floor (elevator available). It includes a long balcony, hardwood floors with carpet, plenty of storage space, a separate equipped kitchen, a bathroom with window, separated toilets and an entrance with a secured door and concierge. It is also equipped with all you need to make you feel right at home including:   WIFI - private internet   Unlimited free phone calls in France, including mobiles   Unlimited free phone calls towards USA & Canada, including mobiles   Unlimited free phone calls	Very quiet and comfortable 35m2 (or 376ft²) apartment with a balcony. Apartment for 2 travellers located 5 minutes away from Montparnasse train station. Comfortable and cosy you will find everything you need for a good stay. This 35m² (or 376ft²) apartment is located in a beautiful building on Rue Mizon, in a prestigious and animated section of Paris 15th district, borderline with 6th district. It can accommodate up to 2 people, perfect for a couple.  Rue Mizon is only a 100m long street, very quiet. The buildings are beautiful, made by several renown architects belonging to same family. The apartment is bright, there are several windows with light coming from west, south and east.  It is located on the 6th floor and last floor (elevator available). It includes a long balcony, hardwood floors with carpet, plenty of storage space, a separate equipped kitchen, a bathroom with window, separated toilets and an entrance with a secured door and concierge. It is also equipped with all you nee
12587	Charmant 2 pièces de 37 m2 au 3eme étage ( sans ascenseur ) d'un immeuble début 20eme siècle. Petite entrée desservant une chambre, un salon avec couchage, une salle de douche avec wc et une cuisine. Tout confort . Avec Wifi. Bien exposé et lumineux.	Charmant 2 pièces de 37m2 . Au pied du métro Charles Michels ( Ligne 10). Situation idéale tant pour les sorties culturelles que le shopping. A 20 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Proche du centre commercial Beaugrenelle et du musée du Quai Branly. Charmant 2 pièces de 37 m2 au 3eme étage ( sans ascenseur ) d'un immeuble début 20eme siècle. Petite entrée desservant une chambre, un salon avec couchage, une salle de douche avec wc et une cuisine. Tout confort . Avec Wifi. Bien exposé et lumineux. Je loue l'entier logement , chambre, salon, cuisine , salle de douche avec wc en mon absence. Un espace penderie dans le placard de la chambre ( porte centrale ) est libéré pour les locataires. Je loue le logement en mon absence mais une personne de confiance s'occupera de la remise des clefs et du check-in et check-out. Elle sera disponible en cas de difficulté. Au pied du métro Charles Michels dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris , à 5 min du centre commercial Beaugrenelle et ses cinémas, avec d
12588	Charming and cosy 25m² appartment to rent, right in middle of Paris 15e. Start with a fully equiped et fonctional small kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub, and a bright and calm living/bedroom, with all the technology: Flat screen, Dock Hifi for Iphone/Ipod, Free Wifi (200mega), BeIn Sport, Canal+... The bed is a king size, 2in1 easy convertible coach, very confortable. Last but not least, a perfect balcony to smoke or take a coffee while enjoying a nice view on the Eiffel Tower. Perfectly localized in the heart of Paris (15e), between La Motte Picquet Grenelle and Rue du commerce, you will be delighted by all the Winery, Cheese factory, bakerys, typical restaurants, that keep this neighborhood alive and friendly. Be visiting the Eiffel Tower in 5min from the appartment, and become a Parisien for few days, a weekend, a night...	"Charming and cosy 25m² appartment to rent, right in middle of Paris 15e. Start with a fully equiped et fonctional small kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub, and a bright and calm living/bedroom, with all the technology: Flat screen, Dock Hifi for Iphone/Ipod, Free Wifi (200mega), BeIn Sport, Canal+... The bed is a king size, 2in1 easy convertible coach, very confortable. Last but not least, a perfect balcony to smoke or take a coffee while enjoying a nice view on the Eiffel Tower. Perfectly localized in the heart of Paris (15e), between La Motte Picquet Grenelle and Rue du commerce, you will be delighted by all the Winery, Cheese factory, bakerys, typical restaurants, that keep this neighborhood alive and friendly. Be visiting the Eiffel Tower in 5min from the appartment, and become a Parisien for few days, a weekend, a night... By Subway, it's direct access to : - line 6 station ""Dupleix"" - line 8 ""La Motte Picquet""  - line 10 ""Emile Zola"" Line 6 bring you directly to the trains and shut"
12589	Really calm and spacious apt ! 	"CHARMING STUDIO IN LOURMEL DISTRICT  Stay in my lovely studio, ideal for one or two persons, ONLY ONE BED. The apt is in front of the ""Lourmel"" metro station (you juste have to open the door of the residence).  Direct metro line to ""Invalides"", ""Oper"
12590	Ideally located next to the Porte de Versailles exhibition center and the studio is also at few minutes from Montparnasse and Saint Germain. Ideal to mix work and hobbies	In lively and friendly neighborhood, close to shops, renovated studio, quiet, bright and nicely decorated. 2 minutes walk from the subway, 7 minutes from the Palais des Expositions, porte de Versailles. 5 stops from montparnasse             Ideally located next to the Porte de Versailles exhibition center and the studio is also at few minutes from Montparnasse and Saint Germain. Ideal to mix work and hobbies The studio is new, fully equiped with a whole new furniture and appliances (February 2015). Careful travelers who are looking for comfort! I will receive personally the travelers or it will be somebody from my family. I can be reached on my cell for the duration of the stay and can reach the studio if necessary. The area is alive with shops nearby cafes, restaurants, hypermarkets, bakeries, post office, cinema, clothes shop, etc. Bus, metro (line 12) or tram (arrival: Porte de Versailles): The district is very easy. Airport Roissy (RER B), connection at Denfert Rochereau, line 6 an
12591	Everything has been redone, there is a bathroom with a shower (perfect for relaxing) and a kitchen with a large fridge and cook according to your desires. I have a big TV and it is also possible to watch movies on DVD or USB.	"I offer my sofa bed for two people. He's very comfortable honestly ! I live in an studio of 25 m2, but my bed is not in the same room as my dear couch ! A good point to have a minimum of privacy. Everything has been redone, there is a bathroom with a shower (perfect for relaxing) and a kitchen with a large fridge and cook according to your desires. I have a big TV and it is also possible to watch movies on DVD or USB. The metro station ""Volontaires"" (line 12) is 2 minutes from studio and the station Pasteur (lines 6 and 12) is 5 minutes walk. Montparnasse train station is 15 minutes walk and 5 minutes by subway. I work all week but I can be with you in the evening to chat, give you tips and places to see in Paris. You can also ""make your life"" it does have any problem. The street is very quiet and the area is vibrant with many shops and restaurants. Pasteur Metro Station is a 5-minute walk, and is served by lines 6 and 12. There are also buses and a Velib station 1 minutes. I obviously"
12592		Nous louons un studio de 35m2 au coeur de Paris 15ème. Vous este à 15 min à pieds de la tour Eifel et à 5 min du centre Beaugrenelle. Vous serez au coeur de la vie parisienne en profitant du marché St Charles et des quais de Seine :)
12593	We have optimized the studio to ensure there is a maximum of storage space and room for clothing. There are 2 drawers under the bed and a large armoire with shelving and a hanging rack.  The bed is extendable so that two people can sleep on the bed. There is a second mattress on the bed which can be moved over. The comforter is sized for a double-sized bed.	This cosy studio in the Vaugirard neighborhood of Paris is ideally located for visiting all of Paris' central sites. It's also be great for a student looked for an extended stay. The bathroom and kitchen are newly renovated. The bed is brand new. We have optimized the studio to ensure there is a maximum of storage space and room for clothing. There are 2 drawers under the bed and a large armoire with shelving and a hanging rack.  The bed is extendable so that two people can sleep on the bed. There is a second mattress on the bed which can be moved over. The comforter is sized for a double-sized bed. Guests have access to the entire apartment and its amenities: living area, kitchen and bathroom. We take pride in giving the best directions to our guests and are always here to welcome them at their arrival. We also make sure to be available during your stay to ensure you have everything they need. The apartment is in the residential heart of the 15th arrondisement (the left bank). The apa
12594		Nice 27 sqm studio, ideally located for your visit in Paris. It is in a nice residential but still animated area and very close to all the convenience you could need. Several metro line ca be found close by.
12595		Sous location d'un studio 25 mètre carré. Cuisine séparée. Grande salle de bain. Et toilettes séparé.  Entièrement équipé. Machine à laver. Plaques. Microondes,Télé,Rangement etc... Situé à 5minutes à pied du métro convention.
12596	Once you enter the apartment, you will find a nice hallway and on its left the living room, which is decorated with an original wood flooring, a lovely marble chimney and a mirror. The living room is furnished with a sofa bed (120cm), a TV-stand and a table with 3 chairs. Adjacent the chimney you will find the door leading to the bedroom, the latter decorated with a light wall-to-wall carpet (changed in June 2015). The windows of the bedroom and living are equipped with curtains and external obscuring shutters. The room faces a quiet street without shops. The apartment is discrete and not noisy, even if it is situated on the first floor. In the bedroom, you will find a queen-size bed (140cm), two comfortable wall wardrobes, two armchairs and a private bathroom, serviced with washing machine, bath tub, basin and a window. From the hallway, you can reach the kitchen, small but well equipped with a tip-up table (to use as kitchen counter or table). Outside of the kitchen, on the left, you	Parisian apartment consisting of hallway, living room with sofabed, bedroom with private bathroom and separated kitchen. It is located in an Haussmanian building, only a few steps away from Ecole Militaire and Champs de Mars (1st floor, elevator). Once you enter the apartment, you will find a nice hallway and on its left the living room, which is decorated with an original wood flooring, a lovely marble chimney and a mirror. The living room is furnished with a sofa bed (120cm), a TV-stand and a table with 3 chairs. Adjacent the chimney you will find the door leading to the bedroom, the latter decorated with a light wall-to-wall carpet (changed in June 2015). The windows of the bedroom and living are equipped with curtains and external obscuring shutters. The room faces a quiet street without shops. The apartment is discrete and not noisy, even if it is situated on the first floor. In the bedroom, you will find a queen-size bed (140cm), two comfortable wall wardrobes, two armchairs and 
12597	Hello ! I propose you my own 70 square meters apartment in the very lively 15th district of Paris. It is on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building from the early 1900s. There is an elevator and the building is secured by an access code and a concierge that lives on the ground floor.   The apartment has : - 1 large bedroom with a king size bed (160x200) - 1 living room facing a parc and the Eiffel tower - 1 dining room facing a parc and the Eiffel tower - 1 bathroom  - 1 full equipped kitchen : oven, cook-top, fridge, washing machine, - 1 separated WC There are wooden floors, old moldings,  and the following equipments are available : TV, DVD, CD player, Radio, high speed Wifi.  Also phone calls to main landlines are for free.  The apartment faces a nice park with a beautiful view over the Eiffel tower. It is very bright and quiet.	Hello ! I propose you my own 70 square meters apartment in the very lively 15th district of Paris. It is on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building from the early 1900s. There is an elevator and the building is secured by an access code and a concierge that lives on the ground floor.   The apartment has : - 1 large bedroom with a king size bed (160x200) - 1 living room facing a parc and the Eiffel tower - 1 dining room facing a parc and the Eiffel tower - 1 bathroom  - 1 full equipped kitchen : oven, cook-top, fridge, washing machine, - 1 separated WC There are wooden floors, old moldings,  and the following equipments are available : TV, DVD, CD player, Radio, high speed Wifi.  Also phone calls to main landlines are for free.  The apartment faces a nice park with a beautiful view over the Eiffel tower. It is very bright and quiet. Communication is very important for me. Feel free to ask me whatever you want to organize your stay in Paris. I speak English and Spanish. The area is 
12598		31 m2, king size bed and a convertible couch. Metro 2 min away.  Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and a huge shopping mall. A typical nice and cozy Parisian neighborhood with everything you need just around the corner!
12599		Studio de 35m2, idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule (possibilité de loger 3 personnes grâce à un lit gonflable), vu sur la tour eiffel et piscine chauffée sur le toit de l'immeuble. Wifi gratuit, petite cuisine américaine équipée avec bar et une salle de bain équipé (avec baignoire)
